good morning sweet world I'm grace this
is my dog tank and you're watching Santa
Claus have a nice day everyone
so guys coming to you live from a
basement the last time I did this was
when I was in New York it is late at
night I'm uploading a vlog right now
what is going on is that I didn't upload
yet today technically and we were
leaving for Seattle and vulgar for
tomorrow so I combined the clips into
one vlog and in the middle of it I said
day two so that you guys can distinguish
it anyways I'm uploading this now we are
heading to vlogger fair I cannot believe
how much has happened since the last
time we went to vlogger fair which was
our first YouTube convention we ever
went to here's the vlog though I will be
back at the end hope you enjoy it we
that you have with you did you insert
that Blue Dog come on our walk with us I
think you did
yeah was very adamant on having a blue
dog outside with us today and on our
walk he's quite attached to that little
puppy whenever I go in to check on it at
night always has his little arm and I
could move for him thank they're
cuddling together it's really cute I'll
try to get footage of that next time it
happens he's adorable
anyway he's outside with us I usually
don't let him outside because he had
some dirty ropes and Russia throws me in
the dirt and then the little splash pad
thing so I shouldn't let out but somehow
he sniffed his way out today because
Noah started screaming so you know son
you gotta pick your battles think about
even with lanyards I just try to like
have me hold on to him was that it on
one side
their second Blue Dog is kind of
unfortunately pointless because he knows
the difference we've tried to give know
we've tried to give him the other blue
dog that my company Jordan and Shawn got
him for his birthday
I even washed and stuff to see food
crying at the same texture but he knew
the difference do guys he knew it wasn't
his Blue Dog now we have two one that
sits in this closet because he knows the
difference so I'm just really hoping he
doesn't lose that one and if he does I'm
really hoping he'll accept the other one
only time will tell
that's his new favorite place to sit by
the way all right where are we going
back to the park the park where it I got
a fever
for the first time in my 20 years of
living I have allergies
thanks Utah awesome
it fits you're welcome I could have done
with a hug you know why I have to get
hay fever this sucks
six years you moved into number two
which is
well you'll have some fun at the park
hopefully I don't get more hay fever
just get more I'm sure it's possible hey
no you excited to go to the park can you
say hi to the people of Earth nope
you're just gonna keep sipping your
water okay
stay hydrated but this little kids knew
him pull-ups not even two this kid's
totally gonna be pro skater I'm gonna
have him kickflip and by the time he's
two no joke he did three pull-ups before
we turn the kids of beasts and the oh my
gosh she's like holding himself up
that's so gnarly oh my gosh that's epic
drops down as long as they get back up
yeah hold your face yeah shoot your face
good job yeah
I couldn't really blog anymore around to
him or else he'll see it and want it
he's just dragging that thing but the
wrong way
it's hilarious he's currently watching
the bees on here that's hard to tell him
not to touch don't touch him K he'll
sting you
most random bushes I've ever seen really
what even is this thing called don't
touch I'm okay bud here push it push it
like that push it towards me there you
go
good job
that's good blue tie guys a dryer
because someone was naughty getting
through them in the pool table pool
thing were you naughty did you throw a
blue dog in the pool what in the world
sick mom just five more minutes
five more minutes mom five more minutes
for Buckethead so cute let's go and get
you I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get that
little Buddha baby I'm gonna get that in
a Buddha baby like you match the carpet
right now I mean to help you take my
hand Wow good job day two Oh someone is
excited back there I don't know if I can
reach the selfie stick
can I do it oh yes go go gadget arms me
and a couple of my photo of my photo
friends from school are you together
today for lunch at the park for another
little picnic so last week I was like
just do chick flicks there's many
groceries and now we're going out of
town just yelled tonight we go down Salt
Lake and we leave tomorrow morning super
early so again I don't have any
groceries because I kind of playing
around trips anyway so we're getting
some chick-fil-a long story short we're
great some breakfast
Alliance because who doesn't love
chick-fil-a too much hi chick-fil-a for
lunch what is that you have are you
practicing this selfie stick form huh
huh you zoning out on me buddy where'd
you go oh there you go you can use that
vulgar fare and take pictures with lots
of people or eat it Kelly Clarkson is
currently on the radio and I just can't
help but reminisce back to that amazing
concert I was like pleasantly surprised
- how many songs I knew I forgot how
much of a fan I was sometimes you just
hear songs in the radiator you don't
really realize who they are but like I
knew all four songs and I it made me so
happy because I love Kelly and I've
loved her since American Idol that
countries are so fun especially the
girls food a fun night oh wow look at
that toe touch I can't wait till he's
old enough to go to like is Gymboree
like gymnastics or just like a
gymnastics class so I feel like you
would love hanging on the little bars
and stuff I do gymnastics when I was
younger and I absolutely loved loved
loved gymnastics it was my favorite I
think this kid would enjoy it huh you
would enjoy it oh oh I know you're so
hungry No hello welcome with me and Sam
hi buddy you want your cup look at these
three babies yeah cuz you're a baby -
Jack's house is my version of baby yepp
they had of jacks
Noah come back no don't run anymore to
you Gabba Gabba
yeah yo gabba gabba the cool thing just
happened though okay how many people
have seen the movies that thing you do
if you haven't seen it you should see it
because it's a great movie it's a little
older I think it was like 12 13 14 years
old it might be think about it yes I bet
it is we have to look that up now I bet
it's like 15 16 years old great movie in
the movie there's a band called the
wonders also has these anteaters
anyways they're in the car they're in
the car or another at somewhere and
everyone starts to hear their song in
the radio and they freak out the like
are already and back then during the
time of the movie we just take some
place even further back that was like a
really big deal because like the radio
was huge you know anyways what I'm
trying to get to as I were driving right
now the Salt Lake and on like the Salt
Lake City hip hop rap station my buddies
friends rap song just came on he shot
the music video for it Gogi
oh my it was like crazy like sending a
message to Salt Lake right now
oh it was crazy you guys really don't
even care of it I really I mean it's not
the most appropriate stand McAvoy song
right but it was yeah I was like
freaking out as a dude it is fun when I
when friends yeah is like out there he
made me do a picture influenced uh he
had a picture of the rapper in Rolling
Stone right this month and then like he
shot the video and stuff and when you go
the video just hit a million views
and one of the top comments is like oh
man move them to produce this Oh Jack
Wagner like my buddy and never knows the
house is great this is all bad so proud
of him he's the same one that filmed the
video with the old guy builder did
showed laws I don't think people would
remember that now that said like oh my
god
yeah anyways we did we used to make
videos together
me and him and some other friends and
it's just cool to see like partner
taking us have success in front of him
alright
he was also the manager for like a video
for presidential campaign last a couple
years ago so anyways cool step yeah
story bro also my friend Raquel he was a
flight attendant you guys have seen her
before but not last name she's not know
what he was it was during Halloween time
so he was really little but she's in
town on a layover tonight so we're gonna
go have dinner with her and visit for a
little bit because we hardly see her
like maybe twice a year that's that
that's where we're going right now
I'm just gonna fill me right now I'm so
excited for colors here my best friend
I'm so happy you guys we just figured
out 20 years we went friends here 20
years for a long time that is a very
long time
Hey what are you doing are you having
fun I knew you would come out here I
knew you would come out elevator get me
in the water no you can't go in the
water you can look at the water whoa
whoa are you mapping Oh
oh my goodness hey don't get wet
Oh God
you think what was that dad how dare you
put that on my face how dare you and I'm
back hopefully you guys enjoyed today's
vlog I've been slacking I need to do
better recording especially when I'm
with Noah like in the morning I posted
some photos of us Jenna and I like to
alternate waking up early with him
because he's an early riser and
sometimes we're not the best at that and
I just need a vlog better in general
I've been slacking Jen's been doing such
a good job we need to do better together
hopefully you guys enjoyed this we are
heading to Seattle tomorrow we're super
excited that on Monday a surprise it's
gonna change the world it's not I'm not
sure if anyone's guessed it yet I need
to go back and review
I feel like maybe maybe not but I'm
excited I'm very excited under K
dance-party I'm working on it
I will not have it posted this weekend
but hopefully very soon thank you for
submitting clips and if you want to
submit interest you can send them to
Semak a vlog at gmail.com
we're always accepting this can't wait
to talk to you guys from Seattle we'll
probably the airport and then Seattle
we'll see you guys tomorrow thanks
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
