good morning sweet world I'm Eva I'm
Lindsay and you're watching samack of
logs cease dams getting a very rare
cuddle right now he doesn't feel well
today or what I think he's just cuddling
you cuz he loves you I think I'm a very
reason for why he's killing me hmm must
not be loved he must not be feeling well
or he's scared who is kind of dead this
morning like he seems irritated today
yeah well I just wanted some dad cuddles
I will take any cuddle that I can get
cuz cuz from this guy in the camera
seeing or two heads next to each other
and this so much darker than cure your
physics i went to a bail agent daddy
cuddles I'm getting some daddy colors I
didn't even get a color like that ya
ain't some dad cuddles love you he looks
old block huh like my mind can't act
tough right now me put the camera away
yeah you're so cute I can't wait for the
day though LuAnn like I remember as a
kid it'd be like hey can I get a hug oh
I didn't go out of hugs it's good it
felt like a dad yeah yeah you just feel
safe in their arms when you're little
you can mom and dad are like invisible
invincible invincible invincible I like
they can do anything they know
everything yeah there's like oh man on a
dead I mean I still think that but
you're just like ahh so safe you feel so
safe home with mom and dad you know
mm-hmm if I does a good cuddle they can
fight off the monsters they can fight
off the bad dreams they can fight off
the mean people at school they can do
any
think of it's true wow this is the best
cool you've ever gotten when he's not
asleep my days made you don't even
trying to leave your arms oh I love this
seriously I'm gonna job oh and it's over
just like that oh no I'm all come back
come back Oh dad's a good baby that's a
good one you're in the moment we're
cuddling gonna cut up oh just everybody
cuddle den where are you come on Joe yo
that get it says I cut off my dad
get off my daddy this is my cuddle toys
yeah there's everything I think his head
looks larger with that haircut yes his
head looks so much bigger hey would you
get a big noggin from huh huh muslin mom
nope it was daddy he got my little
forehead but daddy's big head go to the
perk hold on i'ma 50 looking at the
Tuesday take good morning sweet world
you hold up your face not
Oh what is to say did you get it videos
nested shows 101 all of the camera baby
where's your face but that's your face
where's your eyes oh yeah that's your
eyes where's your nose good job ah get
your mouth no that's your eyes where's
your nose no that's your eyes Sam is
managing to ride on the grass now don't
go the sand and it's really funny we
came over to adams park to get some sand
time in hi buddy make a little uh skate
video for David hopefully you didn't
find this but was gonna happen right now
all right oh wow look you brought
everything this is Mary's okay now you
just wheel away and I will record you
while you wheel away if you break your
not get a new one bye you can hardly go
you can go pretty fast well beautiful
shot gosh it was ate it anyway we came
to the park cuz no like dad wait now
I'll come back then we'll come back and
play in the sand it's dig let's dig in
the sand not the grass this park is so
beautiful i love this park most because
i love these trees he's weeping willow
trees do anything of the south for some
reason like a Nicholas Sparks movie this
park is called pedia park in four
reasons because it's really cute and
pretty and people always come here to
make out the first thing David said my
guess in this cute park he's like yeah
I'll took a proper ID you bring
something up kiss I'm like it's called
PD park that's what is nicknamed me now
if only this sand was connected to a
beach howdy perfect with the beach fine
with the beach you like the beach good
digging buddy you dig good job oh thank
you I'll dig with you did you guys ever
used to do this as kids build a hole and
then build another home and try to
connect them like a bridge yeah I to do
it all the time and I'm trying to break
through to the other side success I've
made it through to the other side now
knowing my luck he's gonna step right
there you see look oh no and Godzilla's
big booty just crash onto the griz
separate here
ok
no his buddies out of town right now but
he's having a lot of fun using all his
toys it's at tales that Te'o is Jeep
where's your dog friend he ran away from
Noah interest rate up giving hugs I know
it was so cute we give an ex goggie and
then you give him too many hugs and he
went inside yeah in give him hugs Oh be
soft Oh No be soft it keeps bending down
no shaft but Carly's like I'm out of
here again hahaha I'm out of here no is
in his element flirting are you flirting
alright so Jen and David just went and
worked out tonight now i need to get my
workout on which consists of playing a
little basketball yes i am on the
balancing scooter shooting some hoops
we're here at the warehouse district
just hanging out the guys are skating
over there I'm gonna shoot some moves
whoa whoa whoa
this will be good like by that I was
pretty interesting we actually did a
periscope and they landed some pretty
sweet tricks I I'm just learning to
skateboard I don't even know if I could
say learning i don't think i could do an
ollie i just tried having never tried
before and failed so maybe i'll come
back here one night and try and get it
down good times you know will be fun one
day making videos like skate videos
sliding videos snowboarding videos
whatever you want with Noah that will be
pretty cool I hope he thinks I'm a cool
dad and that we have fun adventures
together we'll see us tomorrow nice if
you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood you
guys should see me do a kickflip and
Ollie oh my goodness rock salt river the
big igloo oh nevermind you trying to
show it in my face maybe I should have
done this earlier than I eat oh my
goodness
