there's something that Danny Duncan did
once and I thought it was cool we
decided to head back home late last
night we were at my dad's we had dinner
with them I relaxed a few minutes
because I'd just gotten done with a six
hour car ride yes I still have a zit on
my face
um so much like this way okay and then
seems like I've got so much to do he's
behind now he's like I'd really love to
go home tonight I was like okay hey
what's up hey we look good are you not
happy you're not happy what's going on
mom
today we're attempting some family
pictures cuz rate isn't just for us oh
just for a couple photos on her own free
will
she's not here for any other reason
people actually believe me when I say
that I'm sarcastic a lot and then people
are like what airplanes whoa hey where
we at dude you see these mountains
so this is what's this called this bunch
papow go papa go Papago Park it's near
ASU I think for in Tempe we just drove
by the zoo so we're actually enough to
come back there because that looks
really cool and there's these cool
little rock formations behind this and
we're gonna take some family photos oh
my goodness dang Rachel's awesome rachel
is very good at photography she's really
good working with kids I'll put a link
in the description
- whatever she wants oh my goodness
run run run run run give no look because
they have of taking kid pictures of the
kid one kisser in slow motion
pictures are going pretty well
did your your the most photogenic person
I know you're so good at these how are
you so good at these oh I'm on laughing
duty baby wrangling
yeah then we'll be good daddy wants you
oh my gosh so into this right now look
at this kid
look at watch Noah we did it yeah there
might have been a little bit of bribery
I said I told no I was actually worried
that he wouldn't want to do it it's like
we're gonna target we'll pick out a
little ninja like uh something and Wow
kid is a freaking model yeah capping off
the photos with some Shake Shack
Wow
well no that's not website let's see I
got a spicy chicken
this looks like a cheeseburger for noah
you get a regular cheeseburger this i
wearin lush I'm getting Rachel back mom
it's the biggest liar I've ever seen
miss it lush is seriously giant Norma's
was all the way back around the corner
it's so big it's not so good in here
probably using that for the first time
right now hey Dad where's dad
what's my name he'd say dad dad what are
you doing also know what and my friend's
daughter just they call each other
boyfriend girlfriend it's really cute
but before we went to the library I'm
gonna kiss her and we're like what are
you talking about and they were like I
think pictures doesn't say goodbye and
she's just like laid one on his cheek
like this look at that face look at that
face and then they're holding hands and
then Noah just gets up and grabs her
face what are you doing that picture
mister what are you doing in those
pictures what are you doing in this
picture good mister flirtin are you
flirting in those pictures the guy's a
little smug face what are you doing in
that picture excuse you mister
why dad dad hey big big turn events
today
a little boys kissing girls and their
daughters saying that day yeah you guys
would give each other hugs huh yeah yeah
he fell down hey what's up guys I'm on
Noah's vlog comes to Arizona I've seen
lots of friends they've come in visited
yeah
not me specifically but you know okay
let's watch this oh I actually kind of
scared me
oh my goodness but wait this just
happened you just made these encounters
just you know what do you think PG a--
lost some I do this I was in Virginia
don't try this out you know we haven't
been the best social media hers as Italy
we haven't been the best youtubers we
haven't been the best tweeters we
haven't been the best I had a lot of
things but we're committing to vlogmas
we're committing to much more I need to
assemble my crew there's something that
Danny Duncan did once and I thought it
was cool because some of you guys are
super loyal always there for us and I
think you deserve to know first life has
been fun
we've been poor vloggers as of late
there's been a lot going on along that
we haven't been saying huh give any
secrets nope do you have any secrets yes
what's your secret
what's your secret
that's your secret I threw some hints
out there some of you guys caught on
some of you guys didn't we'll explain
let's just say it's been an interesting
couple weeks a bit of a surprise already
i homeless stratigraphy I'll see you
guys tomorrow
