get I sweet world as going my name is
Duane from Adelaide South Australia and
you are now watching the stomach of
looks who's you just got your first
flowers from your band no I just had my
first flowers I'm so nice it's so nice
you can't just get hand them to me
probably eat a mouse's hands I'm just
pretending on purpose
Oh Oh were you filming for real are you
really filming okay
don't drop it oh why don't you turn that
on by yourself yeah so I'm kind of
shocked right now
how'd you two meet how'd you turn it on
you're so cute oh wow that was some good
recording that was some good recording
you did know your outfits on fleek right
now there's no sandal on stock game
you're gonna break the camera what's
that in your head oh who gave you that
creamy who gave that to you you must
have the coolest dad in the world one
last summer treat before summer's over
do you know school starts in like next
week for most people next week I always
remember the last Sunday of summer the
Sundays were always so liberating during
summer it's like oh this feels great
summer Sunday relaxing and then you have
that last one before like school starts
usually our schools start like on a 100
Thursday of the week oh the worst
I'm cleaning my hand right now Chuck
what ice cream all over it
hey let's clean you up why don't you
finish that up and then we'll wash your
hands off okay do you know where your
eyes are where's your eyes shows what
your eyes are that's just a tired face
where's your eyes where's your nose
that's my mom that's mommy yes where's
Noah
how big is Noah so big this kid is smart
he is begun to start to learn about his
face right now he's really good at eyes
the rest he's still working on he also
loves to brush his teeth what he's
favorite thing ever
yeah yeah brush him especially that that
chocolate ice cream yeah that creamy dad
always daddy yeah he's still not able to
fool you like communicate with us but he
definitely understands a lot more like
when I was holding that ice cream he
just kept taking bites I was like all
right you hold it and then he put his
hand out and grabbed it we also said hey
we're gonna go for a walk go grab your
shoes and then he went grabbed him
another thing we've been working on is
our high five yeah solid connects - you
know necklace even though that's not
good
good job oh one thing good mom all those
things oh yeah oh that's the NFP all
right one more okay okay good night we
love you
maritime oh we're down Nathan this is
from Amanda Jacobs it's black oh my
goodness
so good much right guys
it's that is me that is Jen that is a
little Noah oh it's amazing oh my gosh
wait she's from Utah but she lives in
Canada now you're like gave me the
goosebumps it was so sweet I'm so happy
for your family and I wish you guys the
best thank you so much for the art I
love it I'm obsessed with that when you
tagged me on that Instagram I was like I
need to have that and then you send it
to us this is from Alison from
Washington oh there's looks like blue
dogs oh my gosh did she make this I need
to read her letter oh my gosh look how
cute that is
oh I love it Wow so I was just reading
Allison's letter and she made the
blanket to match blue dog and that's
exactly what we thought of when we
opened it was blue dog so yeah seriously
that is so cute thank you so much Alison
we love it I can't we just don't knowa
this is from Katie who actually sent a
box to us books yes yes anyways she
teaches kids no age so she made us a
list of activities that if I can do oh I
like sensory activities that she likes
to do yeah cool all these different
activities oh my gosh that's our likes
to do chalk drying rice play dry pasta
play jello sans Latian squishy bags toys
oh my gosh Thank You pages post-its are
doing stuff that's so helpful because
I'm always like I need to do something
new with Noah this is gonna be great
especially during the winter yes when it
gets cold out and then Noah's like you
know you go outside and play and we're
like dude it's freezing
hi I like that summer you're looking me
to pin this to the fridge already oh
basketball my goodness I'm the best ever
oh my goodness this kind of stuff
seriously oh look how cute it's a Donald
Duck oh my gosh no selfie yes yes I feel
like we need to go to Disneyland have
him wear this no is currently obsessed
with Mickey Mouse Clubhouse
Oh shorts oh oh oh oh those are so cute
I'm a llama hoppity hop oh yes oh oh I'm
sure guys so Jen the other morning when
I woke up with Noah mm-hmm I'm usually
too tired to film yeah and he walked
over to me with the book yeah I read
each other he's starting did Yuri he had
to read to him because most of the time
reading books to him so we need to lay
these out so yeah yeah those are so cute
oh oh good morning sweet world and the
sweet world look like it the sweet looks
like a chocolate bar yeah it has to do
with because she lives in Pennsylvania
oh my gosh so that's pretty awesome
thank you so much Katie seriously next
time on mail time we will be sharing
some of your letters is that all the
packages sweet so we go over and over
the letters you guys are awesome I can't
wait to read these books
I guess I've said before it's cool to
get new books for Noah because we end up
reading his book
and then we kind of memorize them
ourselves so then reading the new books
makes a lot more enjoyable for us as
well I love it thank you guys so much
hope you guys are wonderful weekend next
week is vlogger fair there's a lot going
on there's also kind of like a big
secret that I have not shared with you
guys and someone else doesn't share with
you guys either
Justin's looking to be like what could
it be you really don't know about this
time next week you guys will know the
big secret we'll see you guys then
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you got understood and be fool you still
guessing what the secret might be you
ain't going to get the secret right okay
I remember you all mm-hmm something
always does
