we always like sounds like our charming
oh my gosh you're saying I'm the wind
Noah can you say hi can say good morning
hey hey I'm a Canadian boys now can you
say I look like a little Canadian park
ranger a boy scout 00 or just say Oh
either one works say hello hi hi
so creepy David good morning whoo you're
so weird I didn't know that that was
funny we were actually seeing a lot
during lunch and no was loving it how is
it go however did the songs go I get it
Robert I Cameron breather got oatmeal on
her face not only do I have been yeah oh
hell I'm Guzman you got some oatmeal on
your spoon but then we would sing really
loud and funny like and he would die
laughing okay he wasn't really laughing
his you're smiling a lot Sam's eating
bulgogi his name is Kim they're so weird
oh whoa Hey Jude whoo good job daddy's a
good job daddy yeah yeah my goodness
your dads crazy house a haircut today
not as bad today sounds bad today really
what what do you mean really it's really
not as bad today guys he's cute we just
got to get like the trimmers and like
actually trim the sides with like the
blade but with the guard thing on it
like this not oh goodness oh he'll be so
happy when he invited jump cuz he's
trying to jump he's still can't
oh yes but i hope this kind of jewish
throws me off because I was such a
creature of habit when it comes to like
Noah but I hate when I scheduled a lot
of food no barf on you boom is working
it's working I'm big for them i'm
thinking it's about guys whoa whoa whoa
whoa did not want to do that what is it
you again do that way dude to the
kitchen come on let's go oh hey just
live the whole time they come back one
more time guys gonna get you come and I
was trying to go for the like backwards
high five minh city just grab my hand
he's like anything let's go it's so cute
you old toddler I keep wanting to call
you my baby but you're a toddler now run
run run van Rijn guys oh my gosh she's
getting it babe he's learning how to run
ahahaha run Park Ranger run there's a
forest fire go put it out we Smokey the
Bear let's go get it Rasmus your hands I
was like he's gonna like it Mac is Mason
to something or just basement to the
ground go get him go get him it was
cheesing artcore with this eyes closed
mix music
dance baby dance shake ya later booty
baby it's like 90 degrees today and
really hot and notice look up from his
nap so I figured that's just good pool
Wow mr. vacationer huh dork and I was
really excited to have him worries or
swim trunks but you guys he really is
getting skinnier because I don't fit in
look at him he's thinning out ogura
doing they don't fit him yet I'm sad
they're not gonna listen by the time so
hopefully listen about that by like
couple weeks so i'll have to wear these
wins again huh it's widdy's windsor jus
really cute from tyler and haley they're
really cute to make a pool again let
stand for your buddy where you going
stay over here come somewhere with Uncle
David yours laughing just now oh oh oh
oh my goodness oh my goodness where to
go
watching the big kids in the pool but
his little favorite pool is closed so no
something there today oh you think it's
funny now look at your mouth in it silly
boy I'm cricket oh no everyone's when I
come down there with beautiful body Oh
can't I can't put the camera on his body
oh my gosh oh oh whatever you so darn oh
my gosh let's pick your salsa dancing
looks like yourself at the empty oh yeah
you seemed it dance baby dance do the
little pool there
jump it means a bit who are you
facetiming are you facetiming your LG
anything I after dinner dance party with
buck ahead dance Noah he was so weird
this is normal behavior how does he has
understand but this is normal behavior i
turn the cam run after the fact that
sample this in his head oh yeah by be
looking Iseman copy no abs z he's up you
just like that oh gosh it was playing
work quicky quicky quicky video games I
let submit on it maybe I'll say
something funny
I know that you guys
true see where its climbers like if we
got none we're all that time that's nice
playing right now guys do any of you
know what it is so yeah that's so Sam's
doing the poopies currently watching the
vlog from yesterday or today without
today's or yesterday's I don't know
today's from yesterday and it was
somebody I was just dying good Sam did a
good job at playing poking fun at me
again like always but the sailing clip
really got me you guys also you want
more David in the log so here you go
here is deep in thought watching the
video who knows of a good barber in
Logan let me know good barber yeah I
don't like going to anchor places
barbers know how not giving you a nice
fade barber really they hung Jane
doesn't know a good barber I have to
talk to my mom um also of you guys are
saying take no decay there take no to
Ellie I'm taking no to LA tomorrow do
their fix um I mean I would sure giggy's
messed up his hair it's not bad guys
today was even better I really was like
oh it's not bad at all I'm word wrap the
take like oh no it's like we re 323
cadets our team Friday night fight night
on the computer let's go turn up friday
night geek night turn anyway I'm taking
him to LA morning she's so nicely is
going to cut his hair shake we got a
little Friday night dance Friday night
shake ya booty shake you boo yeah just
gonna dance for me we always like does
like our video this is like our moving
you can't go with your friends again
move what's my friday night dancing yeah
let's see here
should we just get weird on Friday night
yeah oh what was that oh is that what
that was terrible you were flat you
didn't even arch your body weight you
ready for my ready yeah give me like a
beat okay that sounded one this is taco
bell no you don't talk about the boys
got leaky and talk about four nights in
a row like fourth meals when it's wrong
they're all gonna get fat Diablo grill
and dream talk about four nights in a
row games for night to the rooms no now
let me release you dance we've got on
the couch and dance I've get on the
couch okay now weather is this Real
Housewives Logan shake your little booty
dance poopy this then movie poopy I
believe ubi it will be damned shake it
shake it off your swamp
weird dan buku did they get little balut
it then could be there shakes your
little boo I really want to learn the
dance moves that Leonardo DiCaprio date
on his wedding night and wolf of Wall
Street because that was epic if you
never seen the movie you understand I'm
talking I don't know your chocolate own
egos just like super crazy I'll do it
Wow well you're not Leonardo DiCaprio so
bye jack bye-bye now I could be by Jack
just go off into the ocean a nerd good
night babe it's Friday it's a good boy
okay weirdo oh my gosh you're saying I'm
the weirdo you wait can I do outro piece
scared yet they really do pass your face
narrative you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood if you
would have had but of that if you
would've had bit of that you would have
had a dent like Sam he had a bruise on
his forehead from heading it so hard
really I banned him from paying cameras
cuz he broke it with this Matt warhead
guys this is what they're playing what
in the world it's not World of Warcraft
that's all that matters it's well guild
leader guild leader this is not a little
worker who's who's this one I'm lose me
Aaron okay that's phys yeah of course
I'm quite surprised at you and actually
I'm not surprised that you would pick
the one that looks epic no because she's
a hottie yeah you did you picked you for
that two guys are being chased it's not
gonna end well I have no choice but you
died Thank You Alton I love you yes Sam
you're so weird is run
