and that is how you put a baby to sleep
today's a good day you guys know I slept
in and then he took a really long
afternoon so much morning nap he slept
until lunch time which was crazy me and
my brother had a chance to go to gym
which is good because I've been slacking
hardcore and get this my kid like salad
what one-year-old like salad like
seriously it's kind of crazy and which
is my kid we grew up eating salad and
stuff like that when I was a baby so I'm
glad to get that because he's also
having a hard life
Oh counteracts each other right next put
makeup on today good day
you want more salad you say more please
leave thank you I'm trying to teach him
thank you now like mom why you filming
me eat a salad
dozerman
oh thank you
 you yeah let's get you shooting
some oops
yeah mom I will I will play ball and
have sweatbands in my hair like LeBron
except for know we're sitting hot shoot
it in
oh shoot it Oh ESPN it's time baby whoo
no no no what hey he's so happy right
now the first NBA professional
skateboarder what sometimes I make them
mad
music mom not done yet pizza's ready
no that's for the chicken list tenders
oh yeah the chicken was chicken tenders
because chicken tenders if their chicken
was Jen so I'm introducing David to
Trader Joe's Chiklis chicken illness
tenders I thought chickens okay young I
thought there are juicy and tender
that's a yes no see well that's the
amazing thing about them Oh anyways
they're like our favorite thing in the
world so we're gonna make some for lunch
even though we kind of ate lunch we're
still hungry because we worked out and
got full just kidding I'm not one to
talk right now because my hair is bad I
need to put some gel in it but do your
discretion advised not that bad you are
the looks like the oh boy then it's only
bad if they're like forward like this no
wha let's get you a mohawk or something
there no it's not bad it's not bad but
he needs a proper haircut Jen the back
so long in the side no what should we do
with your hair well I think now we can
get one of those longer guard things
three buzz it do that okay we'll use
that in favor is too long I wanted to
keep this no that's okay no let's use
Express how do you brush brush brush
brush brush brush brush let's see each
other you brush I must have the mixer
hoping I would want to cook with me
please in a foul mood since we know it's
because so I'm gonna see of no one to
help me
don't go there's nothing in there
anticlimactic
1/3 plus 1/3 no Jen is not 1/6 Oh No in
there why don't he spoon of baking soda
ok there we go
wonderful let's see here we need one
stick of unsalted butter softened oh ok
ok well then we need one cup of Cara me
peanut butter
I feel like such a baker I feel like a
baker you guys I'm baking
guess what oh I sail I'm a sailor I sail
and I'm baking I'm still proud of myself
for actually doing this it sounded like
fun
and I'm glad I am look at that look how
pretty my mixer is what should I name my
mixer petunia it looks kinda like a
petunia I don't know let me know what I
should name it
but that means name Veronica and sadly
Veronica is broken right now you guys
I'm so upset by it
Wow Wow would you just look at that shot
I've made cookies peanut butter cookies
if I don't know if they're any good no
what do you think oh he's still eating
yes why'd you think of the cookie let's
see the reaction oh oh you want Mountain
Dew no Mountain Dew those could be that
nut job
no you're human don't even tease him
don't even tease him he'll want it how
does the cookie do mom do good first
thumbs up thumbs down thumbs in the
middle what do you guys think decide if
you want more cookies if they were good
yay please leave it with you
of course you didn't work cookie just
for that just a little bit of good
flavor all right I mean for the my first
time for the mixer it's not that it'll
next
yeah first cookie so it's not - very
good my gosh you can have water you can
have water buddy dinner soon okay
Noah officially has hi and bye down
let's see if he says bite me right now
right he waves for bye so he likes a
high but he'll wave if you sing by
really funny
oh look he's waving oh boy oh boy oh boy
oh uh Wow you have a nice daddy to help
you whoo-hoo there scooter might be a
little easier cuz it's a little wider oh
my goodness he's such a big boy
how was your sleep so good that's comfy
so come that close my eyes and didn't
wake up until you're like hey I'm going
to work out and I was like what no I
thought I was shocked that you were
still awake when I got back I thought
you'd fallen back asleep because it's so
comfy it is comfy I love it I can't wait
for more sleep good bye good that was
something else
he's so embarrassed of me when I'm when
he sees these when he's older big mom
you're so weird
no say it cool see yes tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood Samson's like this
thankful boys probably how do you sleep
on the very edge like this like a
Bellary in anything Sam
like literally sleeps in like 50
positions in one night cuz I wake up
sometimes and he's in like a different
positions then I wake up again he's in
another position he's like all over the
bed all night long
I stay in two positions this side or my
other side
