good morning sweet world my name is
Patricia I'm from Canada British
Columbia and you're watching samokov
vlogs do they know if he's telling my
dad this much and now he's my face time
Grammy because it was so cute you just
poked you in the face on the oceans yeah
yeah me you say hi today is a big day
why no why because we got a bed frame
okay it's so creepy we have never had a
bed frame ever and now we have a bed
frame and we really like it creepy but
now we have to build the bed frame and
then clean our room because our room is
a disaster
literally disaster oh my gosh so that's
what we're gonna do well Noah takes his
nap it's build a bed can we do it I
don't think
hey mister mister Oh David's currently
applying for jobs he's very frustrated
superfund anybody knows some openings in
Logan Utah hit me up and know it's
currently talking to Siri hey that's you
fate are you ain't no I'm good David you
hanging out he's trying to he's trying
to hit my snapchat also guys he's so big
he's definitely toddler now and no
longer be no you're an adult
he's a taller but look how tall and
skinny he's so thin now even Grammy even
your Grammy noticed how skinny you are
hello Siri hey how come she didn't talk
to you it doesn't make sense
Cookie Monster is sad that there are no
cookies and you are sad that you have no
friends
oh my gosh you talking to don't dry dock
not a chop you are so funny
guys look at this bag look at this
beautiful tree babe
look how beautiful this is it was
currently periscoping logon please
Hajis I'm not to do that nothing about
no heart decided to wait is there enough
to black
oh there's more up there no looks to go
under I don't I really know it's let's
go over cuz that's what you lay your bet
on right no no no this part this is what
we've been speaking that oh I really I
think it's supposed to do supposed to go
under ya think
are you sure look at this beautiful bed
frame get to work you bored okay so what
David moving in we decided that we
should give him a bed and he was lucky
enough to get ours and a few days ago we
got a shipment to our door of Alisa
mattress that we ordered right here Lisa
remember that remember we were in boxing
that you just know wants to help dad but
brought that all the way up from
downstairs
know what help dad you think I want to
keep pushing it loves pushing stuff I
know I always say to Jenica I can't wait
til we have like multiple kids and on
like a Saturday morning I was running
it's like oh right there bed like mom
and dad wake up let's go play yeah yeah
and so anyways that would be this bad
sending up read ELISA it's when he's my
mom isn't that spelled the same way mr.
helper boy I can't tell if you want that
help or play on it yet hope dad roll it
out it looks like a log I just picture
him like standing on it and like rolling
across water or something
good job buddy
he really wants to be part of everything
and help us whenever were doing anything
at cooking well with the vacuum you guys
likes to wash but with like stuff like
this whenever we're outside he just
wants to be where other people are know
about you know if dad didn't travel it
watch it so crazy how flat it is and
then just like blows up I don't think
that's gonna help the blowing up process
dramatic oh my goodness we went through
the steps first of all I don't know how
that mattress fits in that box we
positioned it we unwrapped and let it
expand we went to see the X live and it
says and how are your bed will feel good
in a day it will feel great alright
we're back from CVX live now the
mattress has fully expanded Jenna's
laying on it right now she is the test
model model status this is actually our
second memory foam mattress we've ever
tried I like this one a lot better the
first one we ever got was really stiff I
confirm way too firm
it fits our new bed perfectly the one
that we just built I'm so excited to
test this out tonight because for every
10 beds they sell they give one to it
like a toy shelter like a full bed to a
shelter which is so cool it's like the
Tom's but of mattresses I was actually
talking to my friend who has a memory
foam mattress and his only complaint was
that his back would get super sweaty at
night he's like aw dude I would just
sweat so much with mine and the cool
thing about this mattress is that you
have like two inches of memory foam and
then there's two inches of another foam
that is designed to keep you cool not
like cold in the night but but not
sweaty exactly I actually love getting
in the covers and being cold at first
cold it and I want to continue to like
to feel not hot you know I'm saying
you're just hot weird as a hot person
like you're sweaty fast so this mattress
is pretty much perfect for me I may or
may not have built the bed and then laid
on this for a while and I must say that
I'm looking forward to bedtime I might
actually go to bed earlier now right Jen
I'd like to see that I'll take the party
to the bed I like
okay anyways it's a super nice super
comfortable mattress I love it so far
the other cool thing about Lisa is that
they give you a hundred days to try it
out if you don't like it then you don't
have to keep it so that's pretty cool
too we will report from our bed tomorrow
how our sleep goes and of course as
always if you guys want to get a special
deal on this bed this is a king sized
bed it's like being in the hotel bed you
know when you go to a hotel bed and just
stretch out Jenna and I are like tall
people but I think we could stretch out
and like barely even touch yeah because
you know there's tons for cuddling and
then there's the time where you just
want to like no I always want to cuddle
so anyways as always we have a special
deal for you guys if you want to get a
mattress like this you can click on the
link in the description you can get one
for $75 off the normal price you can use
the code sanika and that will all go
down it's pretty sweet like Jen said for
every ten mattresses that I sell they
actually give one to a shelter which is
way different than any other place and
it shipped right to your door I can't
believe it all fit inside of that box
it's not a big box and it's not like
super heavy I carried the whole thing up
myself I just carried it up here we
unbox it like you guys saw and then it
was good to go plus you had to try it at
home and you don't have to like try it
in this store which is cool we'll let
you guys know how our sleep goes when we
wake up tomorrow if we wake up because
we might sleep all day look what I found
at the store magic markers not like the
actual brand manager that's not good and
stuff these are like literally magic
markers to clear and then go on clear
unless you're using the magic paper so I
thought these would be safe for Noah to
use because I wouldn't have to worry
about the carpet and stuff and tables
and airplanes and cars because I don't
go on anything else
look that's kind of nice and he seems to
like them so they fit in his head I
don't eat them don't eat him for paper
only this guy's doing work doing work in
that bedroom died such nice colors
he doesn't realize that one has the cap
on it look at that's pink
good job pink good job look and that's
why I'm happy they're magic because I
knew he would do stuff like this here
Noah on the paper on the paper shoo ja a
rectangle that's a little that's a bad
rectangle circle
it'll be fun once you really enjoys
coloring and stuff looks like I'm gonna
enjoy coloring a little more than oil
currently let's draw a tire swing do
this trick you weirdo no I'm a zoom in
okay now do a real trick
you didn't land that the trick you can
land close not close enough look at no
it just sits here how this sit there
whoa good tricks Noah no as I can
determine like he wants right now mm-hmm
I'm yeah okay he's just he knows what to
do I said who wants some ice cream
hey you want some ice cream you want
some ice cream
you're an ice cream mom see ice cream
with you oh you saying hi to the vlog
you saying hi to everyone don't matter
excuse us catch Oh bye Jamie's ready
bye-bye
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I don't even have to
wait until tomorrow to give your report
on the bed because right after we put
Noah to sleep I laid down just to enjoy
the Cubs game watching it on my tab that
Cubs games are doing well and I passed
out
passed out oh they're so comfy yeah it's
a miracle I woke back up because how was
it
