good morning sweet world I'm Jeffrey I'm
in South Florida and you're watching
Santa Claus
you know right when we get here it gets
cloudy in the little man are currently
getting some play although I did go
healthier instead of a fried chicken
sandwich my god she's like I felt like
like fresh today because my friend
invited us was parked a little picnic so
that'll be fun though the kids play and
get some fresh air lunch and hang out
catch up so a bigger time and it was
excited hi buddy you excited to go see
some friends good to see Sam and Naomi
oh oh hey guys me and little baby poopy
my currently at Walmart get me some
stuff baby to the host and some
groceries because we have zero food
literally that's cool a non-slip ironing
mat think I'm gonna get one of those I
kind of want it yeah we have one I'm
pretty sure we have them somewhere I had
a sign crisp yeah that's it what here
somewhere anyway we're here showing a
few errands together guys it's still
crazy he lives here just still feel
crazy oh yes I have it's I'm not even
used to it yet also guys everyone that
comes was saying he's really cute I'm
really not though I'm kind of just like
slightly above average oh my god not
even it's not even that big of deal he's
such a dork
yes he's cute necie single but guys he's
what he'll be 21 this fall so he's kind
of older people don't realize how old is
he's we freakin 21 yes you're gonna be
freaking 21 as I'm gonna grab 1 to 21
Dave
that's so weird I'm crazy it's so crazy
exam important I turned 21 which is
bizarre I felt so old I still pictured
him a little baby but he's not no longer
your little brother and your little big
brother yeah he's my little big brother
cuz he's almost as tall as me he's the
only one of my siblings we're like the
tallest in our family basically it's
really hilarious because we're really
not that tall I'm since I know I'm 10
I know it's weird but that's tall people
and especially in our family because
everyone else is short our moms
Matt dad brothers I know it's really
funny good day so nice out today to be
right now into the pool for the first
time in like forever he just wants to go
the hot tub though I don't know why you
went to the hot that it's so hot out and
so nice and the pool water super warm
very good okay what'd you find
did you bring me well the biggest ball
ever
no what are you so happy to be here he's
so happy to be here
I get so excited what do you think
you're doing if you're on the counter
you sit on me we're back from the pool I
think no I had a good time you didn't
really want to leave and now what what
what do you want
more more of what he was just more when
everyone's anything and I don't know
what he wants more of its kind of funny
anyway now it's dinner time and we're
cooking up some rice chicken like we did
last week it was so so so good
so Sam's doing the chicken Sam do it oh
great can you see yourself Sam's in the
chicken villagers Sam's doing the
chicken and I'm doing the rice and I'm
cheating with Fox respect it's so much
really good what
and this gets tired just likes to be
held
welcome to the vlog again we're gonna
open up some mail because we have an
open up mail and a couple it's been a
while we just went to the peel box pick
some packages up on our way back from
VidCon so I think over the next couple
days we'll open up a package here or
there a letter here or there and if
Jenica would just stop bringing their
Kindle I thought you really kiss me
Wow it's you can choke rip
forgot to mention that Sarah and Alexis
wrote a very nice card and gave us gift
cards at the mail sky fluting a spa week
for you Jen Wow
where is that spawn Logan no you see you
can use it I like different places the
cool is that core effect so that is
going down girl you need to go relax and
stuff uh good ah okay weirdo you're just
so weird we gotta make a compilation
Caroline oh look at that tank top and a
birthday card goodness Oh birthday gift
from Kara yeah Kat and Caroline Caroline
said she loves the idea of Samak of
shirts and that she would get one so
Caroline I hope you able to get yours
guys there's only a handful more of days
than they're available so I'm just
letting you guys know about that sweet
Thank you Thank You Caroline so cute oh
another package this is from Allie and
she's
really cute peekaboo birthday card for
know what something's really cute pants
and Jen's eschewed he opened this one
okay Jenny because what because Jen says
that Noah's already worn a shirt that
was in this package to church the other
day
thank you so much Ali I really love this
sure that's why yeah actually I loved it
so much that knows her apparently
already worn it yeah Jen these boxes
plural are from Anna prim puzzle piece
okay so that the what's this called cork
board that we got before
and our last wall just fell apart it was
really cheap and terrible so this looks
a lot more heavy to do that's so cool
your puzzle board and there's a lot more
that we can piece together that's fun
awesome
there's a letter which I will read after
please pause please bye Anna it was very
nice to be to say and I don't really
like to read uh letters because you know
they're usually kind of personal between
us guys what do you mean like reading
out loud yeah oh yeah so he said read
them no I said I usually don't like to
but she said she got some knickknacks as
well look how cute these are make it
seem like more homey you know so we
started to actually get some decorations
going I put these little things okay I
love that some of this stuff could
opener oh so cute your own sunshine oh
that's cute there's so much blood be
more I like the colors in that one a
little ornament let's go in the
Christmas tree or it could be nothing
right
oh oh oh oh wait oh there's an end for
Noah uh-huh J for Jenica
and an S for Santa Santa Santa look at
that oh my gosh that is way too nice you
sure ripped me guys thank you so much
Anna or should these go it's on the
shelf
maybe shelf yeah good thank you looks so
great love that it's an ornament the
heart wall great for Christmas have a
heart wall I have a Hornet box upstairs
save this from staring like this
two of our favorite people we've ever
met this was a Toys R Us gift card is
way too nice oh my gosh for noah for his
birthday way too nice where should we
get up thank you what do you guys like
yeah what do you guys gonna get in you
guys choose okay as Caroline there's a
letter from Kat because this is from Kat
and Caroline this is a package we
already just showed you guys so gorgeous
some you laughed is so cute Nick except
oh my gosh I also wrote this while
wearing oh oh my goodness that is way
too nice
both of our favorite places chick-fil-a
no one loves those Nuggets oh my gosh
and free and I'm in love with your food
Angelo's cat Caroline you guys are way
too nice they said they guess someone
decides it was and I know that's perfect
it's perfect everything's gonna fit um
way too nice you guys up a package of
today will open up more packages and
Mail tomorrow this is another birthday
present from Vilas Bradshaw who is the
queen of water farewell the pros are
actually truly king and queen of vlogger
fair but liz is the princess of
she's from Canada
No Oh hashtag even yeah that's cute
that's very true most days hashtag hey
hey that's cute too very cool to wear
those before summer's over
yes you know they're so cute membership
to the gym and they have a pool there
that's Chandler so we can actually go
and Jamie know to the pool this winter
so he doesn't that mean gonna beat you
up die and Liz's happy birthday Noah
your smiles and laughter growing and
learning brings so many people's day a
week from today plus a couple days
hopefully Jen's driving isn't making you
guys sick so make sure it's dead camp we
will be at fog affair in a week plus a
day from today well vlog refer not be
happening but we'll be in Seattle if you
don't have tickets yet promo code Sam
cut don't use whatever they say Myka 15
was it 15% off 15% off do it do it we
love seeing you guys we love it so much
I like the hug David made fun of me for
that the camera is running out of
battery will continue open and mailed
the rest this week couple items because
we just picked everything up at the PO
Box good times all around and we will
see you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
