good morning beautiful world I'm Megan
from Buffalo New York and you are
watching stem Ichabod I want to pretend
a million yeah I thought that you guys
are face to face face to face face to
face a sec shake on face to face wait is
Lance for lunch at firms and it was
delicious we are all very very full but
more like a brunch no it's lunch it was
lunch isn't 1230 well I have breakfast
right so he chose the breakfast food for
lunch anyway now who's your all this
except you yes that's true that's very
true so it was I should have had
breakfast because it's my Freiburg um we
are heading back to our house and then
my dad's neat way to take a shuttle down
to the airport because he leaves today
sad day good i got to see no one chef
help god damn it out monster back there
what you doing yeah oh hey he was like
looking at myself I swear look the
second i move that mirror doubt he was
just like hey ah my face ah ah that's no
place to put your fingers know what do
it hey go oh so please see please there
you go here you go
I did you give me kiss by get jobs I've
been here hey we do all right damn you
want your fare solo now you're here your
stuff dad leaving guard hairs getting
efficient hi dad
so there are your thoughts
travel safe Paul see you on FaceTime it
is so trippy like because you always
want to look up at yourself because
you're just so vain but you have to look
at the lens that's interesting hey do
you say by somebody rip off say bye to
Grandma jump it jump it oh we get dry
week I would totally do that absolutely
I Biff super hard but I'll do it I mean
I don't know if I could do it without it
you got this we're doing it we're doing
it we're doing it I'll do tops meet him
doing it no no uncle David of course you
know bringing all his belongings
belonging since he's moving in with us
brought his skateboard and of course and
I was now obsessed with it because
anything with wheels he was obsessed
with and wants to use and try and master
my brothers like hope we doing all this
before Stu I'm like okay whatever but no
is pretty obsessed with this board
seriously it's like a new thing he can
play with I put it up here so you could
like hold on to the cushion and he was
like standing on it ok so for you keep
saying on the end and making it kick up
and words in a kid in the face he's so
cute though good job uh-huh that fine
get fun riding a skateboard I can do
some tricks uh-huh good job buddy yeah
you're a good skateboarder only one
years old and you're skateboarding whoa
oh yeah kickflip he is so funny his
little bed head isn't just keeps getting
on and off but it's hilarious what are
you doing yeah just gonna check the
wheels check my bones
is that fun no you're gonna hurt
yourself silly man you're gonna hurt
yourself come over here oh whoa is that
my G go jags open the door go penny
daddy's here go get it hey go get it
it's dad go get daddy oh go get daddy
don't let him open it on you he's right
there he's right there right he was he
like Ray I was like dad's there oh that
was so cute thanks for the hugs yeah I
love you mMmmm we got your kitchen table
huh you got it yeah he's been using
David skateboard this whole time has
been awake doing tricks watch him whoa
oh oh come fall so funny look at him on
there no well did you oh he tries to job
he tries to do jumps on it my goodness
yeah sure he look who's coming shredder
Thanks oh okay good night yeah sure sure
sure I want to get this kid to kickflip
like this is like bending yeah it
totally buzzed huh let's do some tricks
don't get it to close soon I'm getting
back in it and getting back in it he had
it I mean y'all we in here we got the
selfie sticks yeah I do to go oh alright
yo you guys been using selfie stick and
today we're day in the warehouse we're
getting creative coming up with ideas
designs and also a new video that
involves scooters possibly we'll see i
also want to like film epic skate video
with this apparently Logan can skate I
mean I'm not good haven't you learned
anything yet a little bit he's way
better than me and then David's like pro
over here yeah we actually did it we
bought a table and chairs it's not a big
table it's like it just sits for people
but that's big enough for now and it has
two legs and kind of matches all the
decorations and we're really excited so
it's about time we have a proper dinner
table so I'll be fun I'm really excited
to start building it I kind of want to
start now but the boys are like no let
us help you but you know I just got that
that building itch Jen the Builder wants
to bust out again hi so cute just like
your face just like your face where are
we off to you now dude the mall we're
gonna have a fun night tonight so just
assign it a girls night the other night
tonight's coming dudes night in because
i din we're gonna do a live stream of
rocket League
it's already happened if you're watching
this right now yeah and we're also gonna
like pack orders and also have a good
deeds I gotta shave so bad oh my gosh
dude we look so old so I think we should
probably build the we should yeah no we
should do that while you edit yeah i'll
build it we're gonna build the table go
home edit get the boy oh yeah we got any
table for the living room to be tight
make sure no gets the bed agent asking
me sick chennai metro walking right now
because we need to get that controller
for the game you daily had to make sure
I you know I'm a connect she's this
weekend together here in the store super
tempted it's not gonna happen cause I
love you
he's jealous for you says a few moments
later it's done I built all the chairs
and then David built the table the
chairs were much more to use though I
wish I would have done the table we have
a table we have one look guys what's
this I know you can fly the things in to
make it smaller still work in progress
so cool haha i lock a lot he doesn't
stable fridge James making french toast
for purchase rusty French toes actually
think you guys make french toast for me
since I've got all the chairs I hope the
tables are two hours later okay so
here's what i wanna do i want you to
kind of be in close at first i want to
show the tape creating a tricks
instagram and as we speak we've been
live streaming tonight on the account is
playing rock you're eating and we're all
sweaty oh so do this say one two and
then hit the button and i'm gonna like
start talking on three okay hey now with
every tricks and hat order you give
tricks and take in the box
we're playing rock you leave tonight
we've been doing a stream we finally did
our first wager dejan and Shey have
continually been winning tonight the
wager was whoever lost had to get
saran-wrapped face to face and it yes I
said not face to face going dissipation
not face to face is happening happen man
I want to protective barrier yeah I
thought that you guys are crazy guys are
crazy they gonna screw tomorrow you guys
are too good Oh face to face face to
face face to face the hashtag shake on
face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face
face-to-face oh oh my shoes
here's your order boys call video
blogging sup guys through an edge here
it's a faster let's cheers bear this is
what happens when you tweet us at what
we do to eleven o'clock yeah said
where's the party at love and I said in
my kitchen so now we're in my kitchen we
just made some Cheerios that's his
kitchen cheer up look high five whoo I
woke up looking crazy okay so we did the
livestream last night it wasn't the best
quality and we're gonna work on that and
I want to do more live streams going
forward the internet and our place
stinks and that's why we kind of stopped
doing them so much we got our table set
up Jen's feeling good I can't wait to
have our first little meal right there
on the table it'll be a lot of fun I
also wanted to give a belated happy
birthday to Brooke Brooke you're awesome
I know your birthday was yesterday and
not today but hey I would be at a great
day we'll see you guys tomorrow hey
choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood kinda
looks like an animal
