I'm Bianca this is Talia we're from
Australia and you're watching stomach
applause we're home again guys we're
back again it's kind of crazy I feel
like these trips like just like sneak up
on you and then they're over like before
you even know it we got home earlier
this afternoon we're like one took naps
all of us took a nap which is great cuz
Noah hasn't been napping this weekend
who are currently cleaning up because we
did not clean up before our trip this
time which I usually do so we're getting
our spare room all spick-and-span
because we have some guests on their way
here actually not guests we have a new
roommate on the way here so we're
currently getting all of our junk out of
the spare room all this week whoa
I look fluorescent weird look at me I
look like a creature can they see that
hey excited see grandpa that's a fifth
grandpa I'm good Eve when I hear okay
you're supposed to be cleaning up any
minute our house is disaster but you
know it's family so you can't really get
mad at you they don't really care as
much she walk side and find them see if
they're here yet huh there's some hair
in her mouth he had lots of bits to it
so we go blow it on too much Mickey too
much fun had this weekend come here I
think I see some people I think I see
grandpa come in come here
well well well look what the cat dragged
in
hi dad you guys tired hi poopie everyone
meet our new roommate 800 miles later I
got the drive Oh long dude you are the
whole way yeah you did
wow I'm shocked usually dad drives and
he/she drives very fast you get here
faster I thought you weren't gonna be
for like another two hours so that's not
much traffic good hey how you feeling
good you just pack up your life and
brought to Utah pretty much how's it
feel
orange county city boy to Cache Valley
does it feel liberating a little bit I'm
very nervous very excited I'm very
conflicted inside he's getting a job and
going to school have fun I'm gonna teach
know how to skateboard
no ways grandpa oh he sees his friend
look he's like I haven't seen you all
weekend friend okay he's still waiting
to wait like we should move this outside
how you feel it you nervous shake it no
nobody step backwards you step back okay
have you tried it before
nope okay but you stand on something
first and then put your yeah then find
your balance there you go
and then just be in your body it's so
funny because there's a whole bunch of
like little kids that were like with
further YouTube channels and stuff and
they picked it up so fast it was crazy
like the older you get the harder it is
to like feel comfortable doing it so
funny
there you go oh snap 360s don't get
cocky good see you got it oh it was so
cute I'm do it again first you done
yours okay come on I'm good dad dad
check around another one like that
yeah leave us with it but there you go
look at my teeth no wait you want to
feed me cheese
oh no already loves that uncle David's
here cuz he's gonna learn how to
skateboard no wha
look at you dude we can make
skateboarding videos I'm on this thing
and then I just come up behind them like
actually doing it yeah it'd be awesome
to film like anything on all right how
long will it take you Noah let's go
let's go whoo look at you oh he loves it
oh man bail go know what go go no go
no basically loves anything with wheels
on it and this is scary going backwards
on this thing behind me go go go look at
you
how the Lighting's way better this way
go go smooth chillin smooth chillin
skateboarder yeah we're trying to do
something here alright everyone if I do
this yeah
really okay this is the jalapeno
challenge you have it just bite one half
and then bite the other half so I can do
that yeah but you gotta get I gotta get
it although all of it the stem - no -
the stem
Oh to the zone no I understand yeah he's
working it he's working it he's getting
it down
we got focus I'm in me mum's broom room
get out mica anyways I'm in the car I'm
uploading in the upload car because our
internet our place stinks and we can't
get better internet because they don't
let us and it seems like that should be
against the law i sir there's a law
against that
here's I'm uploading yesterday's vlog
and it's late sometimes days like these
when family are in town and things I
don't like to like split away and it
gets me in trouble on the vlog is world
we're excited to have our new housemate
David move in with us
it's gonna be fun he's looking to get a
start with school and get a job and
various things like that and we want to
be there for him that's what family's
for so we're excited to have him there I
think Noah's gonna love learning how to
skateboard from David he's still really
young but Noah loves all like everything
with wheels on it he just wants to ride
it he tries to write everything and I
think that'll be a good times
CVX live was a blast it was cool to be
part of the first Utah YouTube
convention we met so many of you guys
many of you guys made us kind of
emotional we feel that connection with
you we love going to these things and
meeting you guys because like this is
this is it right here
you know I talk to you guys right now
but then when we actually meet it makes
it legit like because if you guys were
able to keep going there are many
moments that were caught on film some
moments I feel like you know shouldn't
be caught on film and some of you guys
like are just amazing people so thank
you for coming out thank you for coming
up to us it means a lot it means a lot
to see you guys there it warms our
hearts and I hope you guys feel like you
had a good amount of time to talk with
us like we want to get to know you guys
better
so if you're gonna vlog your fare just
think about what you want to talk to us
about you know if there's something cool
about your life and something that's
going on let us know because that's
that's awesome that's why we like doing
this and you guys I'm gonna end this
tomorrow's gonna be a great day I can
just feel it
we'll see you guys then peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
