good morning sweet 4 i'm kristy from
canada and you're watching
we just got to see the exercise for day
two and sams bing sam are you guys ready
to powder that's kidding CVX live 2015
check it out we're here we're live we're
doing it we're gonna write bowl today
yo
obsession special special
Noah
Jenna no we're going up on the big slide
nose been eyeing this all day ever since
you did that photo thing
his face is run to
yo you ready to meet some people let me
get out of my chair day two we're about
to meet some more awesome he
can't wait this is why we're here
yesterday was fun I know today will be
just as good tell people unite so
another tall drink o boy look at 12
people unite with it that's what love it
we're told you see normal were normal we
are the normal people are just right oh
so nice to meet you guys this is the
Vienna right she came she's been
watching at the glass febuary that's
crazy so
I see some people over there or know
that beer and I know that there's lots
of people here we see you guys okay just
want it I want to introduce I want to
introduce you guys to jen's official
hype women Jen Jen Jen fool a cool a cow
and Marley my new best friend we just
get along so great I shouldn't hang out
with them all day i think i just had gin
blush for the first time no way be
sleeping good love them you guys are my
Queens we met at VidCon we saw each
other four times and now two weeks later
a fifth time here in Utah blow this time
completely different part of the country
California which state school California
or Utah Utah sweet Jen lived in
California oh yeah wait which I like the
beach right here first look at everyone
that's still here amy is still here
she's the best this is our two of the
meet up what's up what's up what's up
what's up and knows eating fruit snacks
give her hugs hugs
no isn't a hugging mood again hey hey
come give me hug Oh Kathleen no good
nope so won't give me one Holly Kelly's
here Kelly's my family guys my cousin
married her sisters the best really
related yeah I'm trying to like finger
wearing someone I know so like she can
be really related to me
careful family at your shoes anyway
hey
oh ok that's so make you kids okay
I
there was a channel you rescued all you
are esk in
no check it out into the meetup I feel
like I look like a dad right now anyways
I wanted to give a special shout-out to
Amy
waters white blocks and then put a link
in the description Amyas helps us out so
much so you guys should help her out
because we would have been able to be
here and have this moment make this
possible meeting everyone without her so
go check her out guys right links in the
description keno ami works hard she's
like used to be part of CTFxC thing now
she's volunteering here which means
she's not even having as much fun as us
because she has like we're party I get a
cool badge out of it right I keep
looking up I'm not used to this sorry I
look down sometimes maybe deserve some
love so go check her out alright and
tell her everything you guys people let
me tell you about my best friend these
guys these guys what are you guys doing
over here you looking out the window
what do you see Noah so now it's kind of
obsessed with these curtains and I'm
indigo Winston was with him like hiding
you were so funny huh here he comes
where's Noah where's Noah crazy no wait
way to go way to go way to go give you
the little best friends the new friend
Tom
no one Winston where'd you go hi hi back
in the hotel Oh kind of sleepy now we
have been getting enough sleep me and
you we need to sleep more especially you
what's up with the maps this week huh it
is dudes night in because note was gonna
go to bed hopefully in about 20 minutes
and originally I plan I go on to the
Kali clarkson concert tonight was gonna
be me Jen dejan and Logan but I was like
that's silly I think it should be a
girls night out so all the girls are
going to go to the concert instead which
you guys are probably already seen
because I'm sure Jen will be blogging
this
okay I don't think you guys can hear me
but we are so close
waiting for Kili Nikita here when they
come back we can fish
Noah it's time to go to bed you ready to
get ready for bed give me a good boy
tonight he's been amazing though he's
been really good I mean considering like
the type of kid that he is he likes
running around he likes playing he's
been a good guy I mean he's been
sprinting around during the meetups and
things but that's just who he is and
that's why we love so anyways I'm gonna
get this kid to bed hopefully everything
works out okay guys so Kayleigh and
Nicki they're literally like three
minutes if that away and luckily now
where's the guy we're so nurse was like
no we have to be there at like eight ten
they said like be there sharp or you're
not going to meet Kelly and so we we had
her tickets the tickets and I was like
what I'm gonna do need to pay 20 bucks
to get him back into will call so
luckily my a very very very nice event
supervisor named Jason who is taking
their tickets and gonna give them to
them when they get here so hopefully
hopefully they get here time I'm so
nervous we really only have like a
couple minutes I don't know if we're
gonna make it but i hope i hope they
make it oh gosh we'll see we'll see
we're really excited though we're not
just hated her i know i don't know but
you know I'm gonna don't you oh shoot
emotion I don't want to hi Frankie and
Keely later and I'm so so happy that I
was so nervous that they want to make it
and they made it they made it I made it
it because of her driving and our
running back good job Kaylee good job
Kaylee I was like run I say oh you can
you were really forget it for us I was
because I didn't want you to person but
you know they had plenty of time can I
plenty of time it's been like an hour
already yeah but where is worth it he's
literally a moment like this
she's right behind there you're right
behind everything not the same thing
thank you of course it's like a souvenir
we gotta have time I'm sure also guys
this is nothing you don't I don't she is
already you probably don't I only it's
nice to change your channel it's me
Bella part of a camera right this is
where isn't worried okay whoa it doesn't
like I like focus it okay Nikki yes guys
check out the gear he really serious I
check out Kelly do right she's hot what
you're perfect actually your same guy
look so good night thanks man yeah coach
cricket wireless because they just
emailed us and said you want ticketing
sex yeah yeah we want to be hahahaha
yeah so maybe she'll always remember I
so i can tell our crazy stories to
people should be like there were these
pearls in it yes they were crazy right
it was way crazier than you think
anyway put it on his own stage right now
as well
a few moments later guys might be
friends here who's that Kelly Clarkson
do I know she's right she makes you
tabondant no high but Kelly every day we
bought me toca made me haha I walked out
like Oh what the harbor like you guys
just became besties like we literally
did my text yes I was like fun / babies
more here's my number you think is gonna
hate us when they watch this with a fish
on a bike like are you sure if she was
so nice Oh like why have a conversation
and I think we could have talked all
night if we didn't it make a stone
telling yourself that right right i mean
becoming those that were really good one
keep talking to Ali how you came to my
gym and she said that right
I have never but hey like concert
t-shirt and I bought one
I spent the $35 yes Sam I spent thirty
five dollars but you have the tickets
are free so it's like I feel like I can
okay look at this I love how colorful it
is it's super keel I have I had to get
all the dramatic pictures a plot a plot
thank you yes which one did you get cone
like it how's your face on it yes that
was dramatic too i love that this have
the tour dates on the back yes love that
i got my new shirt on hell I wish you
put your shirt on yeah I can get right
now
haha when the rain fall down
I felt like no one could hear me take a
wish take a chance make a change and
break
Oh
no she just picked up a little baby calf
is bedtime we all agree however should
love our family and I promising that's
not likely
what the heck amazing actually let her
sing her backup singers sing and she
left the atonic seriously you think fair
play she loves her family like that was
my favorite part was so fun you could
have brought my gosh guys such a fun
girls night give Cooper I know what her
life you give her a hug what's your name
is your Evelyn Oh
I'll be a TV I'ma be good you better
believe it something we had experience I
can be good you gotta be strong I'll be
a true I'm gonna be good hi you better
believe it imma be good
