i won this obviously today hey little
baby let me show you you rockin sanika
but you need your Evelyn
Oh baby
that's a good hug it is yes if you see a
chapel oh you're here we're at CVX live
and we're so cool to see you guys they
have some fun with a good time we uh
this was a plan but we're all dressed
accordingly we're all drunk we're all
dressed in black and gray and white
which is color sighs look is here jarvi
confessional right here I'm trying to
push the house Sango wherever there's
drive either drivers apart I mean sit
amet a party to a pretty amex time here
tomorrow me and Jared are gonna make
evening I've got a wedding so the
shibari gang's all here we go gotta go
we are we have a handler which sounds
like we're gonna go drug deal or
something we're breaking bad yeah so I
should be fun thing I'll see you have a
pose I hear screaming things are crazy
here's the real question it's like
there's like a red carpet happening
right now should we bring the stroller
with us on the red carpet because that's
like or do we need it behind let us know
in the comments what do you think we
should do already gonna do something
find out what we did this is it time to
go into a red carpet and then we're
gonna go to our school I think I've got
some good for me please or something I
don't really know okay we're blogging
week guys I came to play today I'm on
the basketball court oh no I'm on that
red carpet though oh my shoes are like
glowing oh yeah I love it Master Chief
guys I just I just finally met him Amy's
already a lifesaver pushing over around
so you can take a little nap thank you
Amy alright we just made it in the area
where all the boots are this is world
will have our little meet up today
there's daehan's booth I got that's a
senior pic I don't know where that came
from wait oh that's sweet got Logan over
here next to Michelle money over here we
got a spin Oh vard samokov vlogs Stuart
edge the one and only handstand champion
of the world mater poem right now
Oh
30 do we win a prize don't you get your
pic movie swag got some pins
had we have to sell nice thing I believe
Oh selfie stick with all your selfies
data yeah cool there's once I was the
Beehive set that's real good looks real
good oh there's creepy friend because I
was history in the making i was the
first one to get three in the bucket not
only that i got in the cup how generally
wanted to do this this is the movie that
she just uh Noah Noah
ragazzo basis
so cute loving it for a second I thought
that this wasn't the robot I got beat up
in Philadelphia that Bassmaster was
talking about but it's not in two
different ones so
what's up I missed all three of mine I
missed up my j house blogs in the house
so it's not easy to get all three he won
this thing that was bad you didn't think
about it yeah I got it but I didn't even
react I was just like all of them that's
not an easy game Austin would you make
it would you make Noah let's see it says
to Noah you have a cute face what do you
think that is so awesome this one is for
me it's a basketball that is so awesome
and these are your cool parents that
took you here right awesome this is
another basketball photo it says
basketball above all I love it starts
basketball oh yeah that's awesome hello
hey there's an elevator have you been on
it yeah look know what case I hide it in
yeah Chad him daddy we're from our best
year yet our best year yet they're like
they live so close to us to you guys
live in the prettier area but you know
you live in a way for your area another
cute kids they're so cute it'll be Mayer
actually all look like siblings huh all
of them there's so much you remind me
you look so much like my aunt yes it's
like kind of blowing my mind right now
like I want to take a picture and show
my dad it's so crazy alright i'm using
the selfie stick again what's your name
mechana McKenna McKenna has a YouTube
channel she blogs every day is that
that's not your sister that's your
cousin oh are you guys cousins or
sisters they're actually sisters don't
so you guys look like sisters anyways
they wanted to be in the blog i'm using
the selfie stick with me wherever
there's jarvi there's a party you guys
don't know this is this job oh yeah
that's exactly what happened kebabs I
feel like I'm obligated Jesus since I
want it I don't want it to go to waste
we're going to meet up on our way right
now LOL case took action will that's
been nice makes it more stable
okay another cute family we've met today
the high look at all of them Oh any time
I made a family that like this great
that has multiple kids I'm like holy cow
how do they do it hey hey yeah if that
goes over onto the one sometimes I know
you're awesome another book for Noah yes
look it they picked him out of book you
guys are so nice ok what's your channel
it's all we are set sell it out H a ll
w/e ard all we are check them out the
guy is 2k
no thank you like best friends can you
give give her hug know what you give her
hugs you give her a hug what's your name
is your Evelyn Oh baby every time she
sees his face on the big screen just
like know why is so nice there's a good
hug better than hitting but yet it's
usually a chapel look like it how they
give you know that too much hugs to you
I'm dying no right back okay i think
here i think you're overwhelming him
bunny hello oh my oh my goodness what's
your name what's your channel I am cindy
jones Lou my channel is no suggestion
I'm kind of in place right now but I
would like to be just like
it's so much better to you than without
oh no you look beautiful so nice to meet
you guys check out her channel ha what
are you doing creeping me out are you
think Jenna kind of like a nose ring in
her poster oh oh my gosh it's just
frosty coming out my knob
by doing hugs Darby Darby there's
another Darby how old are you using the
same age she's crazy way is you know
there was 12 don't we say she's like the
OG Darby started look at she was born
before you Darby because of the same
name Jake open look at the Hat kara that
one's my favorite I love that one
there's no in I hug so seriously nobody
didn't give me hugs he doesn't and now
he's chill with Amy Amy's been the best
okay let Maddie just gave us a gift and
look what's on it she brought check this
girl bottle okay Sam fill that up I need
it for breakfast actually there was your
algebra quiz i'm otherwise I'm practice
tomorrow thank you guys daddy city and I
met on the longtime attraction
okay I got him a present
I know right now you draw the line good
they can
 you
check this out we also got some
characters like I don't even used to the
name well you guys you guys were ready
for CVX live I'm Chantal and their
sisters and they're really cute ok
Chantal come on Santa Mel shut up oh is
it a motivation it's just really
exciting that's so exciting thank you
Chantal camello dash n slow down yes
they're really similar names yeah she's
gonna be 13 yeah in September yeah my
gosh so exciting fun stuff all around
you guys you bought if I use the camera
yes I do go what's your channel ok my
channel is in the head of cam in the
head of cam whatever it is daily blogs
fun i'll check them out thank you oh
this won't be like me like my second or
third video oh my go check her out they
see you please down to seven years
there's something and say hi yes about
like go check them out you guys are so
cute ally I'm Jen you guys taking all
the way from Illinois Illinois that Lake
Emmy our Sam like 20 commie hours of
driving for your name I am
there when i see you guys this will
little bug bomb and huh I think they
might win with kind of a bouquet in the
farthest look at this very large selfie
okay Wow oh my gosh I just wanted to say
that I just met the coolest mom of the
day it's actually Aaron's mom and I know
you're watching this your mom's really
cool we I wish you were here I tried to
get you to come try to get you to come
so no biggie were just hanging out with
your mom having a good time I'm Haley
Amanda Lee same for me oh it's so nice
to meet you guys you're all so cute and
chelsea a meal at me I'll see this is
the second time we've said hi we shot
you a personal video hello hi Chelsea
wish you could have been here Aubree
Aubree and tell me your channel name
it's coffee i'm a graham cracker and i
like to do a lot of DIYs it's so fun so
if you like diys go check her out which
is really cute i'm sure they're great we
just finished our mean greedy it was so
fun to do
I started at two and then they said it
would only be 30 minutes I was like what
30 minutes we got a party I think it's
like 430 almost five now so that was a
lot of fun what's so sweet in some cute
and no it's still awake no has not
napped today except for one toilet to
the shakes la banda here we go so like
that booth so nice you are to ride on oh
my gosh no I know yes in real quick Oh
Nicky's first time do anything is yep
looks you spread your feet a little bit
what's happened like that okay ratios
and then just leave I don't want to ring
him first time come on baby the first
thing you do is always circle everyone
always says circles okay I'm the board
paul Blart no but you just don't think
about it yeah you can lean your body or
your feet whoa here you eyeing try to
well try you're like a baby giraffe 32
wat have you done it before oh look at
you're good you're good here look here
you going on now just lean forward a
little bit or leave your feet forward
okay go backwards I got it oh wow look
at him he's really good and the man
taking it downtown i won this obviously
today hey little baby let me show you
day one of CVX live almost in the book
we're gonna dropped in and Noah off yeah
to go get some rest it has been a crazy
day no one has not napped see the climb
has been awesome though it's been so fun
I love the vibe it's it's a lot like
vlogger fair which I love I love like
smella you can talk to people forever
long as you want to meet whoever you
know it's oh yeah we met so many awesome
people today you guys this is I mean
this is honestly my favorite part this
way I'm like doing this stuff we loved
meeting you guys it's so weird that
people like it's still just weird like
people want to like meet us kind of
blows my mind it's like lent me some
random but you guys are also awesome I
just feel so fuzzy inside yeah honestly
there are a couple moments I don't know
what it is sometimes I just like crap
just like meeting some of you guys I'm
just like holy cow yours are awesome
you're all awesome we love meeting all
of you today was so fun yeah I'm gonna
head back and watch Stuart's like
performance show in the main stage
I want to be there and support him for
that so we're gonna get no to sleep
though cuz this kid has not slept at all
and he's been honestly though he think I
he's been good for not sleeping I just
at some point today he was like crash he
loves all the kids here he loves all the
people yeah he was just giving that
random hugs I mean there were moments
where you know you could he was just so
tired ready for a nap but he's been a
champ yeah we made it I cannot believe
he made the whole day without a nap oh
ok it's like is she Wiggin oh that does
not I hope it does not occur more like I
hope it's just like a weekend thing
because it's been so busy and he's not
his ring you know I hope that still naps
Miguel stuff it's been such a fun day
we're so glad we were able to come down
here I'm so glad we came it's been
really fun
day for the baby
no tired anything you're my real can
treat if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
sternad Sturridge minutes before going
on anything you'd like to say it's been
an honor to have all these people
headline open for me dude every
remaining opportunity first ever let me
just tell you everyone is on the edge of
their seat out there Oh life right here
killing me to delete this foot ball
around yeah students
stewardess oh wow
daily video
