okay so my lip color this lip color is
actually from the little nudes kid I got
at Sephora day to day with Sam it's
makeup forever I don't know what color
it is though I gave Rachel a lot of the
nude colors that were like way too light
for me I mean Rachel have both have is
it missing please they look a lot better
on her you look really pretty like a
heard cute dress super cute this is for
cows mom and the blue she looks like a
babe look at that dress
she has always been Barbie she's
beautiful just looks so pretty look at
her
you're the first one in here and it's so
bad
there's a little table right there
where is it say oh I'm the picture frame
probably back here somewhere
how'd it go off here's California all
right here I'm good how'd it go yeah
oh shoot you're me like I thought oh you
know what but the dance was right
petunia so we'll just me on the middle a
stuffed strawberry eat yours ears
good
really good
when all the couples are dancing fire
lessons not here
homeward bound we barely got back to
Mattoon I know it's sunny today and
there's like only a few clouds in the
sky and but when he was beautiful we had
the best time catching up with friends
and having fun girls together when our
girls trip it was great and now back to
real life for all of us
so while Jen was at the wedding I
actually had a pretty unique and fun
opportunity to attend a conference
that's called Blizzcon it is centered
around certain games that a company
called Blizzard makes and I was super
excited to go I bought tickets months
ago the tickets for the event sell out
instantly within minutes sometimes
seconds and I did a lot of different
things to get to the event so that I was
actually there for free everything free
I got Elliot a ticket as well because he
wanted to go with me all right here we
are bliss come on it's official we made
it to booked on each one of us gets this
nice backpack I don't even know what
kind of material that is let's see
what's inside
first thing inside oh wow check mine
check my check overwatch Chewie
another over lunch to Blizzcon teens
some other paperwork and opens it was
this
a badge icon back my slice I'll take it
I'll take it Monica ended up coming and
choose staying at the Airbnb with the
baby over there quick tour of the Airbnb
we have this nice entryway you come in
this looks like metal but it's actually
like plastic and it's glued together
this place is supposedly brand new it's
kind of crazy nice little sitting living
area got a cool little dog park place
the kitchen looking nice
everything's clean here is one bedroom
cool bathroom
come this way you have flowers another
bathroom another bedroom brand new
apartment I don't I don't even know if
people live in this building it was kind
of weird in that way art what this is
like the same beach photo and the other
baby I stated wait is it the same person
that owns it what initially we were all
gonna go out as a family but then Jen's
friend's wedding came up and I already
had ticket and it was a perfect
opportunity for the kids to bond with
their grandma grandpa as well which they
loved just overall a very fun weekend
what Blizzcon is though is a bunch of
people that meet together that are into
these games the thing that I'm really
into and that I'm super interested in is
esports esports is basically competitive
gaming it's not something that I want to
do I'm past that in my life
it is super intriguing to me though
there's actually an overwatch League
that just started tons of high-end
investors are getting involved with
including Robert Kraft Jones of New
England Patriots I honestly think that
eSports could sweep the nation more than
it is right now it has a huge popularity
especially in other countries I think
that there's a lot there it's almost
like when my sports and nerd side meet
and I love it I love the energy I love
learning more about it I personally
think eSports is going to be some
that's huge so while I was there I
actually tried Soylent for the first
time they were handing that out I
remember Jed watching tons of videos
about that it was pretty good I needed
so it was kind of like my meal for the
day thousands of people show up to this
event though to take it all in I met and
talked to so many different people
strangers fans I met people that work
for the company people in the industry
professional gamers themselves and I
just took it all in like a sponge I just
want to know more I think it's something
that demo line it'd be cool to be more
involved in maybe not like full-time but
just I really think there's something
there it's crazy though there are these
world championships for these games that
occur and the players are on stage
there's crowds of thousands of people
there making noise screaming the zombie
it's like the the production value of it
all is insane it is so cool the cameras
the lighting
it's being streamed online to so many
different people there's hundreds of
thousands of people tuning in and many
of you guys probably haven't even heard
about it uh I must admit like I wasn't
that excited to vlog about it because
the last time I shared something that I
liked I can't even Road it was I feel
like there were a bunch of comments or
like we don't care about this we don't
care about this and I was just like man
that kind of stinks and it kind of makes
me want to have my own side channel to
put things and I love that so you guys
don't have those that you that don't
care about that don't have to deal with
it and maybe that's something I'll do
because there are the things that I love
that I would like to share as well all
right Blizzcon has been pretty insane
it's really loud here everywhere you go
it's loud
the lighting is amazing just
unbelievable we both said being here it
was like reverting mex like being a kid
very very fun what was your favorite
part over the championship I think
the games were just so intense
incredible idea these sports doesn't get
enough credit like for how like I gets
intense and like would even losing like
that's cool the energy was insane the
competition the pressure like
everybody's up there on stage battling
it out or cheering apparently they wear
like two headphones and so they can hear
the game and then their voice comes
where they can't hear necessarily what's
going on outside but one of the casters
that we spoke to said that they can feel
the energy they can feel the vibrations
of the crowd and like I can't even
imagine what that's like because this
place was packed full the entire place
crazy and there were like four places
like this where people were competing so
pretty insane
PJ PJ agent while she's working
oh she didn't even miss me okay fine PJ
fine you see me at least you guys are
funny together
let's put our hands in ready one two
three all right right here what do you
think it is what do you think the
surprise is a stormtrooper
come over here you think it's a what do
you think it is Lucas are you both think
it's a stormtrooper
all right well say ready ready here they
are I think it is what let's figure you
want to Luke there you go buddy open it
open it here I'll help you okay reach
and get it what is it let's stop pull it
out let's see so the camera oh it is
it's a figure this guy hey Luke go sir
dad okay open wide you get one did you
get no idea hey hey what do you say to
dad that's the guy Elliot wanted that
Zarya that's so cool yes this is this is
look at PJ got one to one ugly mug so
that an in gross enlarged spleen no my
dad my dad just got to the phase moves
life where he got stuff like that he
just got to the phase of his life where
he got old man strength because he's
like almost 60 and that's when like old
man strength kicks in he just developed
old man strings so like
he can he's guy he like I don't know
what happens when every male the age of
60 or 61 just develops this like hidden
strength that their kids took from them
and they just like erupt with it and he
has developed old man strength
officially he's like he's really strong
for an old man you know she really is
like a baby monkey she's just kind of
gonna take things over
what is that age did you miss me yeah
did you have a kiss me no my cheek
Oh what do you see mommy up there shriek
oh say head up move she's up there let's
go find her
I miss mom I mean as a surprise choose
yeah okay I got a wolf nice yes
absolutely
what do you say that mom what do you say
that Mommy
we look good are you not happy you're
not happy
