good morning sweet world I'm Cassie I'm
Michaela and I'm Catie Wayne or Denver
Colorado and you're watching sambuca
blogs peace they are doing soaking wet
good morning sweet road Noah's still
learning that mud might not be the best
idea to play in you guys look at this
kid he's a disaster hey hello hey how
did that much taste Noah how did that
mud taste him and his partner in crime
we're playing with the water table and
they started making mud and before you
know it know it went in for a scoop
right into the mouth quickly his
reaction was like well Oh dad dad it's
like ran over started like getting on
the mud out of his mouth and now he has
all his face I just like dough right
into it oh hey mr. bunny boy mr. mud boy
oh my gosh it's under like every toenail
every fingernail okay hey it looks like
a little like you know in relation to me
sweets oh yeah yeah Holy Mary Poppins
huh he's having fun bad to clean up but
he's learning to mud not the best thing
to eat yeah these boys are always up to
no good together always up to no good
but Noah loves it hey hey it's no good
know what you guys are so silly two
hours later
oh they are doing soaking wet Oh mom
tries to copy him oh my you're soaking
wet both of you know what hey you guys
are so silly Oh six hours late Dale oh
my uncle is the aftermath of a water
fight I think there's water on my lens I
have to lock the door an hour to get out
yeah did you have fun with the water
back here you so be it oh that's a lot
hey put some hair gel in ready I'm put
them in your hair to put some in your
hair okay buddy here oh that's a lot oh
that's what you keep living it anywhere
oh look at you yeah hairdo makes you
makes you fun look at that oh oh yeah
come get some of that out here put in my
hair put in my hair nobody yeah give you
a little bit more just a little bit more
okay take a chunk been to get Jane it's
gonna take no honey it did he eat it
nicely manager oh you're that guy slowed
Chrissy look going you have some on your
nose yeah look if i get it is there
that's accused thing I've ever seen in
my life cool dude oh you are so handsome
no not your mouth wow look at you saw
that you know for the messy look yeah
hey clap clap clap yeah oh oh always
does everything excited he like goes
into like downward dog this what that
your hair that's what you doin here I
know busy looking for a console your
hair look so good Oh dad got lunch and
 evercare every old man no he's over
here we have a kid that said buddy we're
still working on it that was the most
precious thing I've ever seen I'm just
getting my workout in LA now he just no
wants to help dad but brought that all
the way up from downstairs and it's
really heavy like this it's like 70
pounds or something she'll delivery
daddy get help dad roll it out let's
roll living happy push good job buddy
this is Tommy push it I mean of course
this is how it's gonna turn out dad is
always the fun parent keep putting it
helped me push it are you going back
this way oh I don't know what so comfy
okay so dramatic he's don't your magic I
can hear it I can hear it what the heck
that's already late I know gateway to
get him off yeah Oh
my goodness I look over and Sam in the
box and that was climbing on the box we
made it we're in a different part of
utah and we are in our hotel room where
we'll be staying for the next couple
days full CVX live first ever i believe
yeah youtube convention in utah pretty
cool nose kind of exploring the place
right now checking out all the digs
seeing what's in the cupboards he's like
yo this don't look like home what's that
all dude you can almost see yourself in
the mirror look at that he's almost all
that see yourself in the mirror it's
been kind of funny the way things have
worked out originally I thought that oh
dude looks like we'll actually have to
baby-proof the hotel room because no was
trying to get into everything right now
like I was saying though so we thought
that Logan and Dejan would probably have
a room at CVX live it turns out that
they don't and we want to help them out
so hilarious I thought we would get a
room with like two beds in it cuz that's
like usually what it is but looks like
they'll have to sleep on this tiny
little pullout bed tonight I guarantee
day on comes in here he's like nah dude
I'm sleeping on the floor I guarantee it
happens I'm gonna try and record and get
the get him say that because I know it's
gonna happen maybe tomorrow we can
switch to a different room we're just
trying to help him out the hotel in
areas like sold out so goodnight puppies
say goodnight dude it's okay the fun's
gonna stop when you go to bed we'll
party tomorrow okay don't worry you're
not missing out it took no a long time
to fall asleep tonight you went to bed
three hours passes bed
partially because he chose to he just
wanted to party with us he knew we were
in have fun tonight just I want to go to
bed now jens asleep I'm getting a little
bit of salad here at winco Irving has
been doing co this is like single
college students dream just because they
have everything pre-made all these
different meals at a good price I mean
if you're a big fan of a macaroni salad
you can get a whole carton of it right
there so we're just getting some food
i'm gonna go edit this vlog actually
dude how do you feel about the room
setup was the first thing you said to me
when he walked in I'm sleeping on the
ground as I am first decision but you
know so being Korean growing up I was
trained to kind of you know you put like
a blanket on the ground you sleep on the
ground because that's just how Koreans
roll so I was like no no doubt i'm on
the ground and Sam said he called it so
yes i called it I knew I as soon as he
said it's like oh and I my camera so
anyways were just wrapping up the night
grabbing some food i think i'm gonna go
edit with jared these guys will probably
come at it to trying to get back on that
good schedule uploading in the morning
past days have been kind of crazy did i
mention this place is 24 hours yeah yeah
you know where the stick where is I was
gonna I was deciding between a five
dollar sandwich was really big and yeah
the eighth piece cold chicken meal what
I look at price differential and this
one has white meet the others dark meat
for the organism I'm getting white meat
okay because so they tried I like white
meat except for like if I go to KFC I
want the drumstick which is dark green
that it so I'm all white me until I get
that drumstick dude cheese well I'm just
filming everything look at all this
cheese phenomenal place to buy physical
this is the end of the blog we're here
at CVX live officially the Edit cave
editing our bugs CS morrow if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood look
at all that meat
