hello and sweet lord we add a crunchy
house nice a good morning sweet world
come on swim would we have our country
ass come on in sweet lord good morning
zip what the Antioch ah yes there we go
lay around a kebab left and then we go
come back we would thank you thank you
very intra hi I'm Ryan I'm Zack where am
I ins your wall street samokov logs hey
good morning you ready little non
sleeping baby yeah he did not want to
take a nap this morning and I tried for
like an hour and a half who just hey but
you wouldn't so here we are now he's
playing is really fun Sam Lunsford well
we have a work meeting we have a lot of
things going on tonight Sam and Noah are
going to go to a work meeting me and
called my girlfriends are gonna go to a
new movie that's coming out called once
I was a beehive I pretty sure that's
time once i was behind its new movie and
Sam's sister Christy actually knows the
girl one of the women Haley who was
really involved with the movie so that
should be fun they're doing an early
showing here and Logan and then they're
doing is showing tomorrow in Salt Lake I
got four tickets i'm going to take some
my girlfriend's not gonna have a girls
night at the movies so it should be
really fun and really cute so just be
interesting hey guys so I've realized
that I have not logged anything today
because no played a lot outside who's a
physical friend and I haven't liked his
mom knows what we do but I haven't been
like hey can i record your kid and no
like it's playing with him all day long
his friend was like pushing him in this
car in total arias no one is obsessed
with this little boy like this will
voice three and knows one and he still
lets no play with him which is awesome
because usually young kids like
to play with older kids you know like
Noah frisson see like loves playing with
this little boy even though like it's
really funny because we've had like his
little bit baby friends over and he
doesn't care he's like I'm just gonna go
wherever he goes and he follows him
around everywhere and it's really cute
so he was playing with him for a while
and then had a really long nap tsehai
good dude good dude does he look older
you guys I feel like I'm noticing more
and more but he looks taller and thinner
he's sitting out what I'm like I've
never thought that would actually happen
but is he say 60 or no he stayed 26
pounds for the past month and a half
maybe so he's not gaining a lot of
weight but he still Eden want that's
good the doctor said it was normal I
shouldn't think it actually happened to
him but it's happening so that's
interesting you guys we were out looking
at like bed frames and stuff because
we've never had a proper bed frame and
we saw this really cute table and chairs
that we really really liked something we
might get it and put it here in the
middle because honestly no hardly plays
in his player anyway he'd rather be
outside and the colors match perfectly
to the wall it's like it's a wooden
table but the legs are like teal kind of
like a soft teal so they look really
cute and especially with having like
moving in and I'm we nice to just be
able to sit down and have a meal like
sitting like a proper family what is
that you have is that a lemon don't eat
it as gross don't eat the lemon yeah
need to go bite then chuck de he's like
oh that's gross are you going saying hi
using I to the doggie I gotta say I'm
one who hates mess I hate clutter I like
when things are like cleaned and
organized even though I let my kitchen
get messy pant sometimes I love I love
seeing just toys everywhere I mean you
know it's kind of like there's
definitely couldn't live here and he has
a good time girls night Rachel's here I
Stacy's here I think Shelby's here I'm
going to go see what so as a beehive
it's really cute and Emily fun together
guys little hash tonight once I was
beehive and while we get ready so
Allison from how she do so how you say
or how does she do that call from a
movie called hidden forest something
that didn't even exist as we apply it
and listen to it all work and people be
like what soundtracks on your baking for
you have heard of it and I was like no
of course not but yeah it's like you
have some special actors here we're
going to show you how true hey Jay Holli
where hey Stuart like a YouTube channel
man uh boys hey do you have a random
town the question is how many rachels
resistant a darling they can be sure to
be enhanced and maybe you can even if
you come down she loves Stuart edge I
figuring everything out right when you
get ready with who I'm guess we're doing
a handstand contest right now I know you
get up their noses are so much titty
 I'm just telling right it's all
right guys let's give everybody your
hand
get my hand
oh boy head down to the boys Jerry
fishes Stewart who's gonna cost another
box
Rachel enterprise call my name call my
name no I'm for monsoon oh come on call
my name they're celebrating their semi
and then last but not least Paris Warner
who plays lane right here this is a
movie that you can take your friends and
family too hey guys I gotta sleep Rachel
won a prize and we're all very jealous
i've heard okay what do I see in the
movie you first this kids like watching
it was like watching girls camp and I
felt embarrassed I that's how it is it
really is how it is a curious I thought
it was really cute though I know I
almost cried which I was like now I here
I don't want to cry in this movie yes
Wendy's house was sitting behind us oh
my gosh I know shall we had said
something like that girl looks like
she's 25 of my Chevy do so it was good
though it was fun it was really cute
yeah and it'll be out what they say
August fourteenth Augustana with it it's
so blue yeah makes you laugh the whole
time yeah I was really surprised my last
like oh noes TV I know I thought a
little but it was it was it was cheesy
but it was good and there was who's that
one the redhead was so yeah she was I
actually really good part of it so i
would think we think you guys should go
see it because it's worth it it was
really fun an actually crazy story Sam
sister Christy knows two of the actors
in the movie so that's kind of fun the
young girl Phoebe she actually was
something with my niece Darby player
like friends see be a nice nice which is
crazy that she was really good I think
she was one of the best to my opinion
anyway okay ready yeah they had a real
bear then a real bear and cute boys well
actually they were like older guys there
was nobody there is no boys in it really
it's definitely a chick but yeah I think
anyone could see it it's definitely
uplifting today's vlog should have been
called Genoa vlogs because i was doing
boring things actually recorded some of
it and then I was like you guys probably
don't even care about that so I'm glad
that Jenna had fun on her girls night
she's been kind of going to movies with
her friends on Tuesday nights because
there's like special deals here in town
and then we invited to that movie and I
kind of wanted to go but I had a meeting
to go to so I'm glad that she was able
to enjoy it that was cool I feel more
well rested now than I have in a long
time we took a little break just kind of
relax at home the past seven eight days
and then tomorrow we're back on the road
heading to CVX live in orem utah which
is what Jenica said earlier today when
we hanging out with some of you guys I
know we're gonna see some people always
at VidCon we're excited to see you guys
again and I'm excited to see how it goes
this is the first Youtube convention in
Utah so it may not be a vid con it may
not be a playlist live in size but I
think it'll be just as fun it'll be cool
to be part of that first convention and
I know going forward next year and
onward it's just going to get bigger and
bigger and bigger and then we'll look
back and be like wow can you remember
the first CVX live so I'm excited about
that i think jen is to summer after
summer I think how are we in the top
last summer how is how we're gonna have
another summer like that and not have a
disappointing summer and it's just like
over and over and over summer is great
and so much fun and I love it this
summer's been awesome to this it's been
good anyways I'm gonna wrap this up get
it uploaded and get it up to you guys we
gotta go see you tomorrow peace
and you're my real married if you choose
soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood
