good morning sweet world I'm Amy and I'm
Beth and we are on Manhattan Beach and
you are watching Saavik of logs using
mommy are you logging are you blogging
hey can you see hi missing me
Oh cam
look at us look this that's the camera
I hear you Manny
good morning guys I was I say it's
Monday but it's not Monday I think it's
Tuesday anyway we're outside playing
Noah had a good nap this morning I went
to the office and told him about the
nest under at the park so but I get
taken care of know was so excited when
we saw the park he's like yeah yeah like
hyperventilating he was so excited he
wanted to go play so bad by was like
that that's where he goes every time is
under where the bees are so we've gotta
wait until those it cleaned up might be
a pool day actually so nice out today
it's hot very hot no what'd he say hi no
one look hi
get some water although I've got to say
he's kind of hooked to juice and he
keeps walking to fridge and like wanting
to get the juice out and oh my god no
you need water so luckily he's drinking
it now hopefully he'll drink the whole
thing
not giving juice if he does just kidding
yeah because hanging out it's Loki week
while we get ready for CVX live are any
of you guys going to CVX live Sam
probably asked this and people probably
responded but I found again if you're
going to see the X we're really excited
to see
she's gonna be there and have fun and
meet all you guys so it should be a good
time
no we'll be there it'll be fun it'll be
really fun so hey know what be boo hmm
you say good morning hi or afternoon I
guess it's the afternoon now huh he's
gonna chill sit down you're so cute I
can't stand it
you're so cute he dance yeah hmm did you
receive Sherlock Holmes the series well
I'm so glad you called I'm happy to see
you seriously look ton better I'm so
bummed I haven't you know pwned forever
and I was waiting a while to like my
skin be rash you know and so I gotta
take him today and it's closed yes
there's a big like red caution tape
thing around the whole pool and then
they like hey like boxing game all right
who pooped in the pool was it you CA no
it wasn't you I know it wasn't you
you don't poop in the pool you've never
even pooped in the bathtub knock on wood
it was rain yesterday today we have in
the program
good evening I mean good afternoon I
mean what time of day is it doesn't even
matter the most important thing is that
we're actually getting a new roommate
we have apartment some people have
gotten it right okay yeah so I think we
should get him a proper bed oh it's a
him
spoiler alert right so we're at downy so
we are getting a new bed so we're gonna
give him our old bed that's really comfy
so he's lucky but we're really excited
because we have had a new bed four and a
half years so people don't change the
pitch that I really needed a bed throw
we're talking that's what we need a bed
frame we've never had a bedroom that's
how much to say not bed okay so we found
one to kind of like I like just a simple
wood one we also like this kind of one
that's a little more fancier which one
do you like same kind of like set
windows yeah it really goes of those but
this one has a scratch on I don't know
if this is when they give us or if
they'd give us one from the back but
that would kill me I would get so
annoyed if I had that to make this one
too already flirting with girls are you
already flirting with girls I'm turning
around
we're gonna take a couple more places
see if we can find a good bed frame like
Jeff says and we will get we're getting
now homie
okay ma'am we're going shave ice because
we haven't had in a year over a year I
know it's haven't had it yet so remember
like a year ago when Jen was pregnant
and we were getting shave ice all the
time and I remember saying then that
next summer we would get it a ton and
then our baby would have it too because
he'd be like one year old you're crazy
well what do you know they have the same
branded shave ice here yes the ice has a
brand Hokulea Hoku yeah I don't even
know how he said that but it's really
good it's the best kind like give me my
shaved ice
he's doing more you wanna shave ice
she's making it right now
I'll have some local favorites the true
Aggie coconut and B raspberry with a
back
cool starvin yeah sounds good all right
freebase how is it good wasn't help you
these are hugely that that's a small
happier for the other flavor
whoo bald
I got half passion fruit hash help yeah
which is like a coconut thing that is
delicious
he's done South walls
jumping jumping the beanbag jumping oh
we've got a naked baby on the loose make
a baby on the loose make a baby on the
loose and you don't have a diaper on
right now Noah
you look like you're in a dress
uh-uh-uh-uh
how much faster does his fingers need to
click oh my goodness precious dragon
release the Kraken
little fingers click so fast
no don't get it can you guys hear that
oh frickin squishy run his run for
everyone Jenna kept that clipping for
you so there you go the nerd cam after
ball night last night I played this
video game with some my friends that I
just downloaded recently heroes of the
storm you guys played that before it's
kind of fun and we hop on skype and it's
been good just catching up with some
friends that I haven't talked to in a
while anyways I wanted to give you guys
an update too about my dad i facetimed
him for well over an hour today and he's
heading home from the hospital which is
great dad you're watching right now I'm
happy that you're in home basically
what's happened is that my dad has had a
fever for about 15 16 maybe 17 days and
they're running test after test after
test trying to figure out what's going
on like why why is this happening why
why is he sick and they couldn't figure
it out and then finally they kind of
diagnosed it as him having Lyme disease
I went to it's relieving because that's
still like a sickness but I I know my
dad is
relieved right now because his fever
broke and that must be feel so good just
to feel somewhat more normal for once I
think the longest I've ever had a fever
in my life was four or five days
it was after playlist live I got like
that playlist live plague and I was
going like crazy my head just hurts so
bad and I felt like like mentally I was
like what is going on you know you start
like having weird thoughts and I'm just
so relieved that my dad is starting to
feel better having talked to some of you
guys I know some of you have family
members I've Lyme disease and some of
you yourselves may and so you can relate
to this and I know that it's still like
a battle it does it's not just over once
you like break your fever and start to
feel better but it's something that can
come back so they caught it early and my
dad's the man he's the guy look up to
most in my life he's a fighter he's a
smart guy he deserves many blessings in
his life so I know he's gonna he's gonna
be okay he's gonna fight through it but
I really appreciate you guys kind of
thinking about my dad if you believe in
prayer or whatever you know doing that
for him and it's just been nice to have
that support system and I know my dad
appreciates it too I said that in the
vlog not too long ago he reads all these
comments like he seriously goes through
him and I saw him commenting back to
some of you guys so thanks for thinking
of him dead we're happy you're out of
the hospital I'm glad I was were able to
spend a lot of time with you this summer
that's something that I've been trying
to do more of I the summer I just
realized like I live kind of far away
from my parents Jenn from hers so we
really tried to make an effort to spend
a lot more time with them tomorrow we
have a fun little day Jenn's gonna go
have a girls night out with their
friends and go see a movie that's coming
out soon and I have to go to a meeting I
wish I could go with them it should be
good hope you guys had a good day today
we'll talk soon
see you tomorrow
we give you too soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood dig through a hot
doggers ball here sister Dora
