good morning world it's jessica from New
South pasture and you're watching seneca
ones hate
I'm Batman cape
we come back this way good morning guys
um happy Monday we are just up and
playing though just woke up from a nap
it was a really good nap too because
this little kid woke up people have a
ton last night and then he was up at
six-thirty and one go back to sleep
usually sleeps till like seven or 730
and I so Sam was really nice and got up
with him today cuz he promised last
night i hook up with him but so for some
pretty soon have heard Sam Stern to get
up with him he always wakes up super
early why but he does I think I don't
know if like his stings were burning I
realized that he got stung twice I said
on Twitter that he got sent only once
but there was a sting on his shoulder
that I just didn't know it until he was
in a bath and it wasn't as bad as the
one on those wrists because it had to go
through a shirt you know so didn't sting
as bad but he has they but amazing how
fast kids heal because he's like when I
went in to check on him that next I
didn't know if you'd have like a late
reaction I was just wanted to like be
cautious because you never know what
kinds of reactions kids are gonna you
know get when they're just kids and I
didn't you know I didn't think he was
allergic because he didn't swell up or
get hives or anything when it happened I
just wanted to check just make sure so I
went in and checked on him a couple
times cuz he took forever to fall asleep
last night too so I for sure thought he
would sleep in any way at the point I
went in and it was only a couple hours
later and his things were completely
just they were gone like it was just
like a tiny red dot and so that was
pretty comforting I'm glad that he heals
pretty fast can we see if they can even
see it on your wrist it's a tiniest
little you can kind of see it sorry it's
kind of blurry but like right there it's
just a tiny little red dot so that was
good but he just woke up so much I
thought for sure he would sleep in but
he didn't so Sam was nice and got up
with him today unfortunately it's
raining and it looks like it's pretty
gloomy and like it's gonna rain all day
long but I really hope the guys come to
take down the nests even though it's
raining maybe it'll be easier to take
them down because there won't be as much
activity like maybe they won't buzzes
man I don't
no but they've got to get those taken
down thera we went on a walk yesterday
and we were like going around our
complex and I was like noticing every
hive I was hosting every nest everywhere
I was like oh my gosh they're everywhere
anyway the one at the park for sure
needs come down because that I'm just
grateful didn't like sting him in his
head or something because he was so
close to that thing like and I'm under
there playing with him all the time they
have made a nest inside the plastic of
the playground like structure so many
kids like even older kids play under
there oh my gosh someone who was
actually allergic got stung by those
wasps or if they got angry like no I
didn't do anything to disturb them he
was just like laughing and running and
happened to stop right where the nest
was and they like just jump down and
stung him say hi hi Pizza Jones happy
today even after gangs dead like what
huh he just looks so much older doesn't
he every day he looks older and it makes
me sad but he's just so cute see hi when
I picked him up this morning he kept
going this and pointing this like wanted
to know what that was say this-this-this
what's that Noah what's up there we have
our wall all done we're not injured oh
this did you hear that this what's this
yeah that guy he's saying this in that
these days this that he wants to know
everything is and so I was telling him
and he'd point something new this this
okay this that's that's for the pool you
believe in it not the cutest thing ever
this fat this there was only so long I
could keep this kid inside beg to go out
mr. rain jacket I cannot get over this
kid in his range area no no I Noah
you're like dancing around
I brought his jacket to me and want me
to put him up good on oh yes it's 5050
juice water mixture now so now he's
happy check out that Jackie boy let's
see what kind of moves you got dance
Bubba dance shake get a little Buddha
thanks Bubba dance shake a little booty
he just looked so old in that I know
that's old today didn't do as soon as he
put the jacket on he ran over here
hopped in his car and he was just like
peering out of it like guys look at me
my jacket matching with my car he's
obsessed with the juice water combos
mainly water but look how fast he's
drinking this halfway through already
halfway through so I thought as a fun
read activity I would take note to the
bookstore and get like some more
educational books kind of like like a
number book or the shapes and animal
book so you kind of starts to understand
and colors I want me in their own colors
too so we're just gonna sleep in and
find a bookstore and find some stuff he
might like and get out of the house
since it's raining can't really play
outside and he go straight for the mud
every time i'm outside he keeps running
from me boo and why won't you look at
books with me there's too many books to
choose from I can't decide which one I
want first ABC
you know what grey get over here crazy
man
bill
no silly boy I can't decide to me to
choose from like the animal alphabet
first words too many ABC books colors
it's a cute color one baby signs I feel
like I want to get that one what is it
ten dollars oh look a quiet book who
kind of need one of those for church may
I look on etsy oh hey you guys it's
Christy nice good sam sister focus look
Christy spotting Christy spotting on
this baby love book I feel like I have
to buy it now kushies on it following so
long I keep this game side so we just
play basketball outside whoa that's
scary who was that life Bob funds Bob no
that's Spongebob oh they were playing
basketball here for a while well he
wanted to be outside thank you i pod
punch Bob a hug he was doing a little
rain dance earlier dance are you do rain
dance also update on the wasps they're
dead yes Wow good shot try again
try again whoa dinner chicken rice had
opinions developing your business she
get over here near me you felt like a
night a night I'm Batman cape hey Sam's
a little obsessed with his five boardy
have shown it alright so basic are you
sure yeah so I ordered one of these
weeks ago over a month well over a month
and what happened was they were trying
to ship it to me from China that's right
ordered if I'm even get him a lot
cheaper there and basically didn't meet
regulations for the shipping company so
the truck it was on was seized and I
didn't find that out until weeks later
and then they sent me a new wood and its
family here it's finally here I'm gonna
try
figure skating I'm getting ready for the
winter olympics fingers under dork
oh oh oh oh soft way come back this way
Sam why have been a serious days every
time the wild ride Noah it's mr. Toad's
Wild Ride who needs isner he's flying
you're flying oh oh yeah I was loving it
every Tuesday he's like whoa
if you choose ooh I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good I'm
gonna be happy get that understood get
that understood
