good morning sweet world I woke up like
this and today we are working on a
little project we're actually going to
decorate our family room I know it's
crazy i've been on walgreens photo this
morning i just sent them a bunch of
photos today and then we're gonna go
pick them up and get them developed just
pulled up to walgreens we're going
inside to get our stuff I'm kind of
excited I'm kind of scared I hope
everything looks good big gonna be big
and we got some big stuff we got some
little stuff that's about all I can say
cuz i want to show you guys in person
with the things in our hands let's go
I'm excited we have a medicine idea
because guys stopped by here and uh like
David
yummy come over here you can't go back
there ah look at you it looks so good
Wow oh you're a cute yeah go show Dad
looks so good okay we have all of our
pictures and all the little instagrams
yeah so what we did is I went on
walgreens calm and it imported all of my
Instagram photos I was like one of the
options and then I just printed out a
hundred of them and I figured that we
could decide on which ones we really
like we could actually like string some
up mm-hm yeah cool free or I also like
to put a bunch of this yeah it's kind of
awesome it is really awesome this and
then we also printed these out there
arcadis uh-huh someone from his birthday
one from the summer or two from the
summer and love all three of us again I
think I love how they turned out look at
there's some little baby no law I mean
the hospital after a year ago look at a
year ago that little nugget came out I
love that picture of them look it
so we got some from when he was brand
new and then so much she keeps growing
up more recent ones I love this I'm so
excited with cousins from Christmas time
I'm excited too I think it will turn out
this now we can decide which photos to
use now is the time to hang everything
up which is always the hardest time for
me because I never know how it should go
then i asked jen and she's like I don't
know maybe you should go this way and
then I'm like I don't know maybe you
should go this way and then we usually
don't get things straight and then we
end up just not hanging up anything at
all so but we are going to do this right
now we got these big ones on canvas and
then we went and just got some little
filler things that we feel like will
match the pictures and everything why
don't get some smaller frame
okay guys semi final product I think we
might add a little more but it looks
good so far we have my States up there
and we have the big um states that she
water's edge yeah I did what kind of
tree water cool and then you know I'm
it's not perfect by any means but for
our first time having anything on our
walls ever I think it's good yeah we
never have anything on our beautiful
clutter yeah pictures in the best yeah
definitely the best part I love those
who knows art uh-huh finger painting art
yeah we put there I feel like all the
colors came together nicely we can make
these friends though yeah I think I do
wanna pin them like orange and green or
orange or yellow it's a little heavy on
this side we know but looks very good
stay tuned no what do you think look at
who's this who is that who is that is
that you yeah is that you who about what
about these people right here who is
that happy do you like it who did that
looping do that you did that huh yeah
I'll have to do another one cuz we
definitely have some more space over
here we're pretty happy with how
everything turned out I actually like
the wall at first I was like what the
heck are we doing but I think it looks
good I know like i said before it's an
organized clutter that's kind of what's
in right now right right I don't know
some of you guys are probably like oh my
gosh what do they do I think it looks
awesome and will continue to add to it
as time goes on okay say bye you say bye
bye see you soon pace if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
