Buon Giorno mando I am gentle sivakumar
I'm 17 I live in Milan Italy and you're
watching this I make a vlog so enjoy
good morning good morning oh yay I think
whoa
jump jump jump jump jump one of my
favorite times of Noah during the days
when he wakes up he's just so cute
you're just so cute when you wake up
absolutely be a little fish oh wow
whoa someone's feeling good someone's
feeling good that kiss okay I'll get you
out mom let me out of this cage
yeah that's from you you bit that with
your teeth good you had this you bit
that to you sounds like you're saying
this what's this this what's this Noah
that's from your teeth that's from your
teeth whoa yeah there's probably a bunch
of bite marks yeah
oh my gosh there are so many bite marks
this this this this this another word to
ash this vocabulary oh you're such a boy
here's a de boy come on oh you stink
here comes the madman
I do people love whipping up paper this
is the aftermath of not taking a nap in
the morning and going to church you come
I'm really tired yeah look at his cute
little outfit yeah it's nice little
shirt on his blue pants that he often
wears the church almost just about every
week and then some shoes from his aunt
from Aunt Rachel he's got some boat
shoes did he stylin Church was good it's
always funny
during the most quiet part of church
today we were in the cultural hall and
there's like a basketball hoop that was
kind of above us and no I just spotted
it he looked up pointed at it
immediately started clapping and like
yeah and like hopping around skipping
around pointing at it looking at me like
dad look at that hoop look at that big
hoop compared to there's a little one
it's funny how he's able to identify
things like that and he still tries to
make me proud 13 months old any point
some things just make me proud like
laughing
I am proud he's a cutie no such a good
sport
he cheers for himself and for everyone
who makes the basket yeah first Sunday
walk okay ready
oh wait for daddy to help you three two
one Oh cute I can't handle a little
celebration but even when Sam makes it
well ship quites daddy what's daddy
Oh that time God did help you three to
reverse Sam oh oh one two three Oh try
again he went oh wow dance moves out I
know he did so frustrated that he can't
like score on his own
I know 24-month oh wait he's trying he
like just like moves his body
did you make it yeah seriously it's
probably on the camera he's feeling
better today that's for sure he's doing
a lot better yeah it is likely Plus long
yeah it looks a lot better tell me I'm
not ready
sunday is pure bliss when all three of
us get in that yeah in this case you and
your family do you I don't know about
you guys Sunday I don't really take naps
um it is on Sunday I don't feel as
guilty taking a nap on Sunday so of
course after dinner we decided that it'd
be a good idea to just go to the park
unwind it's like an hour or less before
Noah goes to bed we have so many wasps
and bees whatever they may be
wasps Jen says they're wasps wasps are
good for nothing
we just discovered this giant bees nest
and Noah always plays outside so that's
wonderful
look at that they're almost falling into
our house we got to get that taken down
easy
don't do anything please help the planet
they pollinate nahee whatever I really
have been worrying about this all day
because we found that huge nest out
there and at her neighbor's house I've
been worried about him playing outside
all day because they like been flying by
my face and stuff so it's totally
thought it'd be fine that part because
they took down the nest that was
there but of course the second I let him
out I like music runs over under like
the perk structure and then he's crying
and I see a wasp fly away so he got
stung of course today dan was worrying
about it needs mice dude but you're
handling it like a champ
cry yeah no tears he like fussed for a
little bit this stung of course it just
keeps swelling up so it's a bit ironic
considering we tried to avoid the wasps
by going to the park where Noah was then
stung by a wasp I'm sorry buddy I would
hate to be a bee or wasp in Utah right
now because Jenica is seeking vengeance
she's coming for you bees do you guys
watch YouTube but she's coming for you
right now Jen just went to the
playground and found out that there was
a little hive underneath where the kids
play go figure
oh man it's crazy so anyways she
reported that to the front desk area and
they're gonna clean it up but that's how
Noah got stung so we've been monitoring
the sting all night
luckily the swelling went down it's just
like a little dot now it's no longer red
we were worried at first you know is he
allergic what do we do looking up how to
treat a bee sting and all that for
first-time parents you learned a lot
luckily there's the internet which will
actually terrify you but there are some
good resources and tools out there and
parents and family and friends so
everything looks good I know Jen tweeted
something you guys like oh I hope nose
okay he's good to go he's having kind of
a hard time falling asleep but I think
that's just how it is right now
some days are easier than others this
upcoming week we actually have another
YouTube convention we are officially
going to CVX live in Utah or Muta Friday
and Saturday I don't know too much about
the convention other than that we're
going a lot of you guys are going I
believe you probably know more about it
than I do you can tell me about it right
now in the comments but if you are going
let me know we're excited to meet you
guys
I think it'll be a lot of fun it's kind
of cool because it's the first
convention in Utah
so we're gonna go to that we also this
weekend I we haven't even mentioned this
yet but we have someone moving in to our
place and I don't think you will get it
right if you try and guess you could
guess and guessing yes and you'd get it
it's probably not who you think it is
I'll just say that we'll talk more about
that this coming week but that's
happening this weekend as well and also
I have like a surprise no that's not a
surprise because genardi knows about it
but Saturday night we're gonna go have
some fun so I'm looking forward to that
then in a couple weeks we have watered
fair oh I hear no I'm gonna go check out
on it anyways hopefully you guys had fun
today I'm really looking forward to this
week it's gonna be a good one
we'll see you tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm in the upload
car tomorrow we'll be uploading two
videos one in the morning and then
another one
the main vlog later in the day just just
thought I'd tell you guys
