come on your way out Chris turn and this
is and we're from New Jersey and you're
watching Seneca vlogs when SDS I'm with
my son Noah who is building a puzzle
yeah kind of yeah he's dad say he's
taking it apart actually I really wanted
to get this was it 60th anniversary of
Disney yeah they had that puzzle we used
to do Disney puzzles growing up that was
one of our Sunday activities just like
calm relaxing I remember one time too we
did puzzles all night waiting to see if
we would have a snow day the next day
and we were listening on the radio and
then when we heard our school district
we were like we didn't get snow days
that often cuz our snow plows were
pretty good Noah is taking apart the
puzzle more than he is helping out with
the puzzle
he's also feeling kind of sad still cuz
look at his leg
oh you can see how it's like swollen
yeah I called the nurse and they said
it's normal you know it's just that just
a little bit but he'll be fine in a
couple days he just keeps going up and
down with his how he's feeling we also
went out for lunch today chick-fil-a
second time this week yeah we took a
break we hadn't been there in like a
month and now we went to Tanzania
like a big boy
it's addicting that chick-fil-a sauce
and we got a free kids milk vanilla
coupons people coupons are great they
come in the mail and they can save you a
lot of money when you go and spend money
which is not saving you any money I
would have been better if we just made
sandwiches at home but lunch was
delicious yeah
he voluntarily gave me a hug today this
afternoon I got like 10 minutes ago 15
minutes ago he ran it like he walked up
to me pulling his arms around my neck it
and hugged me twice I think he gave me
my first kiss on my cheek today - like
voluntarily yeah what is this what is
this voluntary love you are showing huh
and then we continued with a game of
chase and he was cracking up when I was
like I would like hide and and scare him
and he would just die laughing also I
find it really funny Jenna their Kindle
we're driving probably five minutes down
the road and Jen beside her Kindle it
starts reading I'm like how can you even
enjoy a book for five minutes in this
bumpy parking lot in the park it's crazy
that I can't even like how do you even
enjoy that I could not hop back into a
book for three minutes driving through a
parking lot anyways our project of the
day today is Saturday we are going to
finally get this looking nice and we're
gonna make a video about that Jen's
excited about that so as soon as I go
we got my kicks on that my kick song got
my kick sound got my kicks on its
laundry day laundry day
hey hey hey I'll let you Adam play there
you go yeah thanks dad whoa
I'm gonna go upload the vlog real quick
and then we're gonna come back and work
on that
sanika shirts that's what the blog is
about the one that I'm uploading today
I'll put a link if you guys haven't seen
him yet I'm so excited about it also got
my bride and groom CD in the mail this
is the people that do the music first
often you guys know them Oh a little
message Sammy Jenica eats your beautiful
we're excited to watch your little
family grow oh that was nice guys I
don't know if I've shown you either this
is like the book you
get when you go to VidCon it has a bunch
of sponsors and things in it and look at
this look at this page which they messed
up not us but VidCon they cut it off
it says chicks in class of 2015 everyone
did an Instagram photo which is pretty
fun and then there's ours right there so
proud hashtag blessed that was the funny
photo that I took two months ago and I
was like guys I can't wait to show you
this photo because I think it's
hilarious we actually took that photo
right here with this wall and then I
photoshopped like I just traced our
bodies oh the camera just wants to focus
on the heat on my feet anyways then I
added the background and put know his
head in and it was kind of based off an
awkward family photo I'd seen before
there's dejan squatting with Noah Aaron
and his cats Derek and Bree we're
expecting another baby they got a vlog
the other cool thing actually real quick
is that in variety they ranked like the
social influencers and check it out Shea
number eight that's crazy
I love that Noah loves to be outside I
think he loves don't you think I know he
loves me outside more than he likes
being inside which I hope continues as
he gets older because so many kids these
days are just so attached to screens and
TVs and stuff and my childhood I was
really like my parents wouldn't get us
inside we just had to be outside we
hated hate hated being inside so I kind
of hope he likes he continues to want to
be outside and go for walks and go to
the park and just play in the dirt like
he's in town that's like he's currently
his favorite activity he's so cute look
at him just digging with a pumpkin
scooper guys if you have leftover
pumpkins Cooper's from Halloween use the
shovels they're awesome
Noah loves it so keep taking breaks we
like play outside go co-op play outside
I'm really enjoying it I think that he's
not feeling his best but he's really
cute when he wants to cuddle him
could have me give them hugs and stuff
we have an infestation of wasps they
aren't everywhere I'm pretty sure
they're making home in our like roof
little like overhang of our front door
but now I see a patch of wasps starting
to make a new home let's see if I can
show you see that those are wasps
starting to build a new home and they
are literally everywhere our neighbors
have a huge wasp nest on their house
that we have to get removed and I had
gotten like to remove earlier so they're
just everywhere I keep like oh they like
fly by your face and I'm just like so
worried that we're gonna get stung that
know isn't it stung I've never had a
wasp sting knock on wood but I've had a
bee sting and those were pretty bad I
don't want a little wasp sting feels
like they're literally everywhere who
can find a baby Noah
Mila where'd you go you make the tree
man
boo-boo completely water table no this
table has literally been one of the best
things this summer
just because I haven't liked taking them
to the pool too much lately because of
his skin I don't want to like irritate
it with the chlorine and dry it out even
more so we've been having a lot of fun
with this water table the past few days
your great victory over that mask in
there with a few moments later
we clap when guy comes into the room you
guys see that oh okay Oh Bobby I really
hope you guys saw that because on arias
that backed up around me dude it's okay
you can relax with mom cuddle mom I
would call mom all day if I could it's
just a weird that it's like ever since
yesterday or two days ago it's almost
better if I were upstairs right now but
like he's just so happy when I'm not
here and then he get when I get here
he's like all yo what's up guys
yeah I'm good or you just clap because
he just loves you yeah baby like a
newborn baby he's come to me like 20
times today dad came up with a good idea
look we put the basketball hoop this way
and no comes down the couch and reach
the hoop sit there and shoot the hole
buddy Josh he's figured out what he's
supposed to do shoot it shoot it like
that he gets so proud of himself
you did such a good job buddy doesn't
realize that you could throw it to okay
like this I gave him a little boost I
put a pillow there now you can easily
dunk it yeah he's totally got it down
now nice dunk Oh
yeah hahaha
Oh be careful be careful oh yes
mr. Kratz gets so excited oh yeah it's
not like we've really forced him to like
basketball no we just he lays that's
balls bottom entry hoops
I bring the basketball out every single
day and dribble around oh no but I mean
like starting to be like better but I
mean he like chooses like in the morning
and stuff and like when you're not
around he chooses to grab 28 no I don't
like when God's children fight each
other for Thor and for money I don't
agree with you that's a very mo move out
of the way you guys are annoying
we've waited for like six hours waiting
wait is it seriously it's seriously open
up go to your first first round like you
always know if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
