no I can't officially open the pantry
door now is this morning and he goes and
opens excited gotten him some goldfish
coz he was he had organized the it was
really good he he put I thought he was
gonna take that paper towels and like
destroy them but he actually like stood
one up right here and then I helped him
with that one goldfish and then I left
the tin in there and he I hear him like
piling over his feet to the cupboard he
comes out holding the entire goldfish
jug the entire drug he brought it all
the way over to me do you get him
goldfish out and it was so cute and so
funny be careful buddy
go put it back now go put it back in the
cupboard
go put it away no could I have some
goldfish
go get the goldfish get the goldfish
yeah get the jug you go you sure mom get
the jug what in the world no you can't
have bread crumbs
in the world is silly boy okay
okay a little jug I think it's the
cutest thing I've ever seen in my life
good job buddy
you're strong you strong
today's the first everyone Noah does not
want to take his afternoon nap and I'm
not very happy about it
and he wants to whine because he's tired
but he will not go to sleep we tried for
an hour an hour which he's usually sleep
for that hour to get him to go to bed I
mean this sad face is really cute
there's always so much sad for a second
hander so yeah Wow come here he's awake
and the terrible thing about this is
that today's his one-year appointment
even though it's a month late he has to
get shots today and he's not gonna be
happy we're both the hot mess huh
and he's not taking he won't take his
teething toy boat anymore he'll just
spit them out if anyone has any
alternatives to teething tablets that
they really like besides a job or a job
I don't feel like it really works very
well um let me know or let me know how
you maybe you put petunia butts and what
like shy dissolve them into like food or
something I don't know
so let me know what you guys do for
teething cranky and on sleeping babies
good this baby just wants to play nope
no not for this kid he looks so old
today look at it without growing up
we're off to Noah's doctor's appointment
I'm excited to see his stats I feel like
he's growing really fast compared it is
like friends
so they'll be interesting to see what
the doctor says Wow is that just do the
fish do you see them the thing is sweet
it's just a TV but it's like in a box oh
it looks like a fish tank come look at
the fish
we're back with the cube the cube of
activities the next thing you gotta get
a little polka nice cut for like
hemoglobin test they said just to check
his blood cells and stuff I guess so he
didn't cry at all which is great good
job buddy he's really enjoying this
boxing though which is nice
keep him occupied for the doctor gets
here you're still being harbored are you
going no we got staying here buddy
his calf muscles a few moments later
guys this is not normal Noah behavior
he's acting very calm bubby only thing
you want to do is color with mommy and
watch record Ralph M sorry buddy
healthy though the doctor says that his
way is stay the same so he's not in the
90th for that anymore be still high 80s
85% tougher wait hi I've done didn't get
he's like 32 inches hot tall I don't
know little hands know what percentile
that all ideas will tow he has a very
large head it's a big noggin
the first beach he's like he talks like
an 18 month old he says who advanced
when you talk in a sign language is like
good nursery do you the man very happy
love you buddy I'm glad you're healthy
the blessing mm-hmm
we also just Skyped with my mom and dad
my dad is still kind of sick
right he was in the emergency room and I
tweeted about that I was a couple weeks
ago started to feel a little bit better
they still don't know really what's up
with them he went back to work for a day
and just came home he was still sick
he's had fever chills for a while I
thought maybe he had like a tick and got
Lyme disease when we were out there in
New York but we still don't know what's
going on so all of those of you that
have been thinking about him and praying
for him we really appreciate it I know
he appreciates it he reads all the
comments on these videos he watches on
reads um so thanks for looking out for
my dad he's gonna have a full recovery
he's me very healthy soon I know dad we
just talked to you and then you might
feel sick today but your recovery is
coming no I was feeling a little better
after a little under your name rest time
hey you might jump jump right that's how
you jump I don't know all I did was bend
his knees
that's not jump getting this hilarious
though oh yeah I'm gonna jump race ready
one two jump hey Jen ready fine
do you I swear know a dog today - uh-oh
meltdown mode Oh rest mode he turns to
rubber oh wait I got Cheston he turns to
liquid and is level before her he also
still cannot sit up like this way like
from back up straight I'm too much
don't you yeah
also Noah was resting
whenever Sam walked down the stairs Noah
felt like he had like stood up and like
start clapping and then I do oh yeah
okay okay Sam left he would like sink
back into me then you're fun huh but you
did say dog I saw a dog and they can see
me dad guys my mic is bad oh goodness oh
oh oh you're okay I really do love
though in life how people become
incredibly proud of their kids it
doesn't matter what other people say
sometimes he's the best he's the coolest
he's the man I get it I totally get it
your kids coolest our kids the coolest
your maybe you don't have a kid maybe
you have a cousin and he's really cool
or maybe it's time everyone's cool what
am I saying right now cool cool cool
dude history the main team in the making
it only took us a year and a half
Oh 560 blogs to do this it's finally
happening thanks to Tyler no longer
snapchat Tyler no longer snapped I'm
just Tyler t-shirt Tyler t-shirt t-shirt
tile oh we are about to launch this
campaign oh okay there we go most people
do their campaigns on teespring
I'm gonna do one on represent and it's
gonna be 21 days it's gonna last until
August 21st yes we picked four different
colored shirts
and one design let me watch it and then
show you what it is preparing oh my gosh
you know has already been taken
Wow oh yeah I made one one time Sam do
you pause the clip okay here we go try
this again meeting lunch one paying your
campaigns it's going like this come on
prepare your campaign as long as call
your mom and show it to her this always
works the first one to buy t-shirt well
my mom I want my Baba one all right
let's call your mom Wow okay we just
went to the website so here it is okay
you can't the colors aren't showing up
on the screen wall but there's there's a
cool blue there's a light pink there's a
light blue and then there's a heather
gray and it says good morning sweet
world
yep with those hands that was it right
hand into the shirt we're gonna have to
get that right hand insured and that
says Samak at the bottom and the type of
shirt that this is is a next level let
me go get a next level sure to you guys
let's show you guys okay this is the
next level shirt this is like the same
kind of shirts that we just chose I
wanted to do Bella canvas but they
didn't have them anymore that's like one
of my favorites but this is right there
with it honestly it's like a tie but
it's super soft you've probably seen in
the box Jen and I wear this shirt mm-hmm
weekly and it's not necessarily because
we love playlist live although it's it's
because there's your Easter become their
home and then this is comfortable that
Tower actually designed oh yeah that's
the Nexus
supersoft it's nice like it feels like
good quality and it's something that you
want to
I don't like the stiff Camila sure we
only wear stop shirts exactly I'm
excited I'm really excited my shirt I'm
coming to you the most possible way in
the vlog I just edited the clips and I'm
about to upload this
I thought Jenna's coming in I'm gonna go
find her anyways this is also a
next-level t-shirt
it's a Blackhawks one that I got it is
super comfy I love it like I said before
that's exactly what we used and I love
this design I love the beach I love the
mountains I think it looks amazing plus
seventy four people have already bought
a shirt that's crazy
my personal favorite is probably musical
blue and then heather gray I will
probably get both of those Jen says she
wants every single color some of you
might have liked another design better
we'd like to do more shirts I might even
be able to do a store front and I think
we did that I would do the Samak of 15
shirt as well but for today this is what
we have Noah's already clapping as I
come downstairs
did you guys hear that are you clapping
again I'm cool I'm pulled Jen are you
excited about the shirts I'm really
excited
I want one I'm kind of mad that I said
the campaign should be 21 days I should
have done 14 just because I want to wear
it I already want to wear it I told
everyone on the periscope that I'm gonna
wear it for one week straight like I'm
just gonna wear same with the shirts
that's kind of it
maybe I shouldn't do that none of it I
want to you because I know they're gonna
be comfy so I'll put a link to where you
guys can get that it's finally happening
finally I'm gonna email them and see if
I can okay I kind of want 14 days
instead of 21 that's just so long
anyways check it out hopefully you guys
like it tell me what you think about the
design if you like it or not I mean
Tyler is pumped so we could do a bunch
of these seriously kids super talented -
you just drew that made it look
beautiful I'd like to do some funny ones
- someone said dance baby dance
funny snowriding the roosters would be
sweet too so yeah dude I know like I
come downstairs you started acting tough
like hey let's play basketball it's
funny anyways I really hope you guys
like it I'm super excited about it and
we want it to be something that you guys
enjoy too that's honestly part of the
reason why I took so long I didn't want
to do some lame shirt and I think this
one's high-quality and good and
something that's worth actually spending
money on so anyways
I'm out of breath now I just want my
shirt I got an email
move that date up maybe they'll do it I
don't know if they will anyways I'll see
you guys tomorrow
peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood ooh ooh ooh
