good morning sweet world I'm Delaney
from Illinois you were watching sumukha
vlogs please
so being Hubert came to visit today hi
Huey you he wants to follow Noah he's so
close to walking so fun to see friends
me and shop and hang out and I don't
even know how long
feels like month so it's fun to see each
other not the babies play I don't know
already pushed him over which was fine
it already whacked one mess with
something Oh Noah no Ino where'd you go
I hear you somewhere under there right
look what's in here Noah look cuprite is
Hawaii she put the shapes in there
look it where's the triangle go put the
shapes in put them in the holes good oh
good job your first try good job where's
this one go
you put the triangle on the triangle may
because I point it to it but I don't
know birth that one here put that one
there
whoa whoa oh no oh you know it's okay
you thirsty
just let him
we share Chang's kang huh you like that
here put that one here this way you like
wait where'd they go
hold it you can Wow following in dad's
footsteps he's coming hold up like this
we film Noah
good job you hey guys I'm here deep
inside the garden the community garden
of where we live where Noah is picking
the vegetables but you can't no one um
two older gentlemen saw me pushing no
around they are picking some stuff with
I think their grandkids or something and
they saw me and say hey if you want come
in here and pick whatever you want
there's like green beans and zucchini
and squash and strawberries and like I
mean like everything there's bell
peppers growing basically everything we
love to eat yeah this whole thing yeah
Oh strawberries over we can pick for him
whenever we want to keep it a secret
though we should just here this here
because they've never told us that and
now we have the rest of our food for the
week we can eat those those peppers bell
peppers for days I love zucchini and
squash no no show me what you got these
are gonna I never really that squash
it's kind of pokey is it yeah it's like
what's got something here yeah just grew
up in the bag
show me that's cool okay you can even
see what are these green beans
mr. garden boy hello holy cow
yeah that's rather that all right let me
see that tasty and there's also a bell
pepper
those look like yep someone help me out
help me out I need your boy good work
Noah guys check that out to say look at
that that's like all ready to go right
now
they could barely get a little bigger
too well they were pulling some out I
don't want to pull it out someone else
is growing corn right there maybe like
that little strawberry
I think that's someone else's Jim no he
fit the strawberries over Oh from the
strawberries over this reminds me of my
grandma and grandpa Anderson's house
which is actually it was here in Utah we
used to always go there during the
summer and they would go raspberries my
grandma had a rose garden
they had my God my grandpa even had bees
he had bees he would put a bee suit on
and go tend to him with that zucchini
nice excuse me excuse me
just give up your North on the
strawberry and he's just eating it dude
we should probably wash that but it's
okay
kind of too late not the green part -
okay he just ate the leaves - yeah that
was good huh no I also found a tomato
now he's eating that dude you the man
though I Love You Man like I was saying
though my grandparents my grandma
grandpa Anderson had an awesome garden
honey they had their rose garden and I
used to love going there in the summer
finding raspberries and eating them
because raspberries I think that's my
favorite fruit I really do think mmm
hard to say actually I love Caribbean
fruit Tamarindo shinola passion fruit
what else mango I love all that to the
day where we find a place to settle for
good when we have a house we have to
have a garden and I also want trees and
like a peach tree and other trees that
bear fruit because it's water ok give me
some money I don't know that would just
be awesome I would love that
no and I are playing a funny game where
I fill up this little cup with a little
water and pour on a side of the things
it's so funny
ok ready you saying more MORE
why don't we turn around so I could see
his face he's soaking wet but it's so
funny okay there's a little bums even
wet Noah come here ready I think one of
my favorite things about being home is
uh cooking well like having like real
meals the food at VidCon was really good
those food trucks were so good they were
so expensive and it's nice to just kind
of like be able to just whip something
up at home you know especially for Noah
I feel like he was teething really bad
the week of VidCon like really bad his
tooth finally broke through and so he
heard the ate at all that we he also
didn't like have his like like normal
meal
either if you don't like a so but you
don't have things like cook with you
know so it's nice to be able to like
give him vegetables might be able to
heat him up broccoli and stuff like that
and fruit although my mom did bring
fruit which was a lifesaver make it baby
on a scooter naked baby on a scooter
thank you baby I'm scooter naked baby
young scooter we are currently taking
photos for the new product that we
actually had at VidCon but it's not on
the website yet so that's what we're
doing right now Jen's wearing a dress
I'm gonna try and get inclusive of Jenna
and her dress because she's acting like
when she actually looks good in it named
Mark Wallace hi my name is Mark oh wait
let's see oh look at Jen Jen you look
great mmm love you oh yeah
all right just get warmed up just get
warmed up boy I think they like me good
that is the moon rising over the
mountains mazuma right now check this
out is amazing
ready
full moon that means no gray wolf might
be out tonight tomorrow
