hi patty this is merely and you're
watching see a mega bloks peace returned
to us yeah cars going down the ramp to
the right down the car good morning
guide say two of things I won't count on
sorry sir Noah is helping me in the
kitchen today he's a little sushil shoot
shoe shop he's my little sous chef you
love being in here when I'm cooking he
loves that you want to see what's going
on so he's currently helping me cook
some vegetable fried rice from trader
joes maybe really likes it and that's
basically all we upgrade shopping I love
that he wants to be in here and help me
it's kind of hard with him that they say
he's just going to use so little and he
doesn't really understand that thinks
you're hot he's just starting to
understand that what hot is buzzy it's
older I hope he still wants to kind of
be in here with me and have some family
time I all my kids want to like help in
the kitchen I hope I cook enough to
pretend don't wanna out predicted gin
yeah well yeah your cups where'd you put
your cup over there you guys know it's
cool at the end of it gun I come home
and I still get to be with these two
cuties right here it's true these guys
my little family you having some sour
cream puffs only the best snack in the
planet you had you those you guys do it
danica Noah's add words to his
vocabulary he now says what we kind of
mention it yesterday he says rah rah rah
yeah we showed him saying hot when he
also says look hidden say the full word
we can say anything yuck any point look
look that's way usually when he does oh
just some of the did look know what she
says whoa Wow dad hi look and hot he
usually says look at lights like a fur
at Churchill point up pointed the light
and say look or when there's an airplane
flying by he'll go look anything he
wants me to notice oh that too hey
there's anything else to but can't
remember encyclopedia what did he say
uh-huh but as you add on the words in
sign language he knows eight words good
job buddy you're 30 months old and you
know eight words high five pound it yeah
but I'm not too did my idea all right
anyways I'm gonna say something really
quick because in the last vlog we just
uploaded a lot of people were commenting
and asking how much longer they have to
upload their submissions for the 100k
dance pretty i'm going to give you guys
until this sunday what is this sunday is
it august already yeah we august early
august ah that means summer's almost
over the last month of summer like Lou
that scares me goes back no I get
anxiety for you guys not because I
didn't like school it's just like I love
sad this saturday is the first so
Sunday's a second oh man and then it's
gonna be snowing here sometimes it snows
here like in october i think it's known
in September before it has predictions
right now I think know is gonna love
snow oh yeah I think can we enter up
rants about first class cold by thinking
I love it like almost like the pool oh
my gosh Guinea and dresses snow mere
ever it is me but is it a check snow and
everything anyways okay yeah not a
hickey you got you guys have until
sunday to submit those clips and i think
i would like to start editing it on
sunday so send me those samokov vlogs at
gmail.com in the subject 100 k space
dance space party don't spell out space
i'm saying put spaces there cool awesome
right now we're actually at walgreens
we're filming a quick little video for
you guys we're able to partner up with
them which is kind of fun because it
just like fit so well with something we
wanted to do anyways and we haven't
needing to do this for a like years yeah
that's all we're gonna say you guys can
watch that video hopefully we'll make it
enjoyable fun what's that the truffles
and fries truffle fries doesn't sound
good let's just get all home in half
oh wait i wanted to i want a little
number tip over oh I'm sorry no you come
over here you can't go back there sour
candy and jerky let's what back come on
foot back let's go okay yeah go show Dad
where is it where is it I'm holdin oh
you've gonna be it give gonna be kind of
hug he's grumpy he's a hug you don't
know what it's not so good it's not so
good like french fries hey it's not so
good like chick-fil-a hey hey hey hey
hey guys you know why chick-fil-a is
great they have great food great sauce
and also look what we got for Noah this
is like a healthy fast food meal he
shown you guys right now we got him some
like a fruit cup that has a bunch of
fruit he loves eating fruit eats at
every day yeah grilled chicken this time
look chicken grilled chicken that he can
eat it he likes it a lot better it's
easier to eat too and it tastes good I
tried a piece a little piece oh oh my
gooood you like that all right we're
gonna play a little game real quick with
everyone here we got Casey with the K we
got Logan we got day hon we got Jenica I
don't know if Jenna can but here we are
there jack I don't think Jenna and I can
play we can taste we can eat them but we
already know what they are what we're
gonna do is play a chip game no it's a
chip game there's four new lays chips
and we bought them all oh don't even
talk you know any of the flavors I'm
gonna let you guys test every single one
and then we have to guess what they are
let's do it here are the four chips that
we have number one two three and four
let's start with this one
so you guys know these were submitted by
James Wagner five I'm kind of scared can
get one I don't think you have to close
your eyes oh yeah the bag I don't eat
yet don't eat it yet don't need yes no I
want you to all eat at the same time oh
yeah yeah is it like it's not normal
that you would know obviously it's a
weird flavor I got to meet you I'd be
like are they good sam said you're gonna
eat my food this is hey ready ready go
go eat it no smell it eat it talk about
it oh no flavor eat it no eat it Casey
yeah sour cream not bitch yeah right
like garlic you like a true yeah we're
gonna taste lemons it's true yeah
pee-yew same there none of them are like
extra gross like at all it tastes like
my TV dinner Saul normal food this
banquet good i nee guesses any guesses
let's go I never necessary bed country
fried chicken country fresh oh I would
like it unless I I don't know is anyone
on a Milch it oh oh oh my TV dinner but
don't like that barbie shrimp today
tastes like they say cheese no it tastes
like oh sorry man you taste like my TV
dinners this weird you might want
another after see what it is this is fun
like the name change is it like that
salt pepper garlic jinx me I'll I don't
like that one Chipper I don't like that
one you are all using i don't like
that one let's see we almost like sushi
with you oh alright no potatoes cut you
fried chicken chicken baked potato
garlic shrimp potato garlic you shrimp
potato Casey come on you can't I just a
garlic potato taster like a like I stuff
we already do okay face like we already
doing potatoes they are
I arms like you're taking I was given ok
what's the ship greektown 0 I'll never
have your road trip I room so it is
fishy yeah no that's beefy that it
tastes like kind of right I didn't yeah
i got like a there was like one taste of
fishiness yeah and then it went away
those ones good yeah it's pretty good ok
oh good grief Chuck ok what do you guys
think hey porky oh it's hard dude is
like when you don't know what to guess I
know this weird flavors just on my spare
keys yeah pesto it's like so I'm
guessing like us doing asparagus like a
pizza or breadstick piece of red sea
breadstick stuffing that's interesting
yeah hurry Southern biscuits and gravy
oh I compete you you can taste the gravy
once you know what it is right Radio
liking to you it's like yeah the gravy
and stuff how far are the chips Ted just
like a warning sign they need to work on
it yeah it worked this is what we're
trying alright Lee's army away these are
wavy chips okay
yeah don't think isn't stink these taste
like Sgt onion again like I don't like
these photos smells like I just don't
know fellow why did you say what all
right oh oh my gosh oh why do you have
enough yeah I don't like those oh wow
good though I like you can have the bag
I don't like it dog food tastes like for
you John good let me know I think it 80
the aftertaste is gross that reduces
really girl dislike it definitely sour
cream onion is right I think it has like
a mad in twosome I actually already
think I know these are what what is it
well all these guys okay everyone else
history okay so far yeah that's cuz
that's what I was lost you laughing I
just saw in the back Oh No year this
tastes like bread though pesto garlic
bread some garlic bread something like
shut up bruschetta not fancy lettuce
lips okay where is it hannah west coast
truffle fries as you know auntie through
you crazy for that would be legitimately
maybe probably guess ok let's try one
this is submitted by jeff salon scoops
i'll give you guys a hit this time oh oh
I like that o Sole smells yo teeth nigga
it tastes like a pickle or complaining
weird house chicken no that's not him
that's a key if you mean I was like a
pig I can taste the pickle you're at
dildo chips easier BBQ fourth hope for
chennai yes i was missing a mood easy
easy PokePark memory yeah i guess like
hamburger I'd like imagine hammers oh he
liked that whole new york flank steak
little striptease down leavin do it man
sunny is already Katz's Deli what we're
not are clearly all
sauerkraut's almost hot ride in it Oh
Reuben try again new year groovy I taste
it oh that one is the worst mostly
actually go not one tastes gross right
there we go which one do what now this
everyone was okay Jeff selenski thank
you Lay's potato chips the blind taste
test no one knew what anything was thank
you guys taking me m I'm sorry good you
better believe it precious moment god
I'm good what do not believe it I'm
pretty sure I soon would see other get
that understood I gotta say though I've
hated every flavor of these weird potato
chips like even last year won that case
that were nasty the green one I think
yes that's my favorite dudes be straight
up the trouble well ignore it's like
already at fry I like the bacon of the
baby yeah this like you look great
