you know it's a demagogue a good morning
everyone
yep
me my sister matching since and now
we're gonna go on a hike we're going to
head sheet head G something something
Sharna see damn is where we're going to
see I'm just gonna talk from this side
so you don't see my notes me look gloomy
but the damn part will be pretty yeah so
now we're gonna do that and then we'll
be back by lunchtime which will be
perfect and then we'll get some food and
then start getting ready for our friends
sitting which will be really fun I hope
no rain yeah that way one way just put
in your pocket bring home what I brought
gloves you guys are bad don't neither
hot you put whatever heat goes out of
here maybe by wearing a hat and have my
hat you can sheriff me I don't
we're fighting so we were I did not
prepare enough for this type of chill
did not bring any hat luckily my sister
brought two hats two scarves and packed
enough for both of us
and all of us it starts back lights back
good
so gateway to edgy head sheet
Buffy this is right by our where we're
staying
Genet o IG IG oh jeez I'm better
it's probably the prettiest part I've
seen right here
my mum go coffee please - mom look at
ethics mom look at the foliage in a
fully whatever it's called Swiss girls
gone over twice
that was pretty
gosh I wish you guys could see this in
the Brio
Wow look at the water spraying over
there do you see that
look at the waters just like shooting
out up there you can't really tell how
come when I look at this
we're gonna go in that tunnel I think
you guys beautiful
oh my gosh this is like
pretty claustrophobic especially
underground things I hate being
underground we are literally in the
rocks I feel like a big clowns gonna pop
out look at this
pepillo brock's hi my shape I don't know
probably hi I forgot to put on the
workout though mode
there's the damn back there can feel the
car not far enough we still going up I'm
just Compton saying I should have said
what who stranger things before this
trip
cuz now we're in the forest on a gloomy
cloudy rainy day she thinks the demo
Morgan's gonna come get her a big rock
if you want to do this hike in the rain
don't do what we did don't wear what's
the pre rain shoes we're hiking boots
thick sauce thermal Underpants and just
don't hike in the rain bra because we
are no we yeah just yeah I don't hike
often so I don't have hiking shoes I
don't
my very first hike ever
I was like oh yeah I love hiking I'm a
hiker I moved to Utah I'm a hiker still
had never gone on a hike for one of our
school breaks we went to angel's landing
to in Zion and did angels landing and
all of my girlfriend's that we were with
and we were Sam and his buddies they had
all been on hikes before my girlfriends
grew up hiking I was the only one who
would never hiked before and my friends
were just like plowing through angels
landing and if any of you have done
angels landing it's a very very hard
hike for like expert hikers and I was a
beginner never done hikes before and I
was like at the back of the pack
Sam was so sweet and stayed with me the
whole time but man I was like why all
right friends how are they not tired
they weren't even like out of breath I
was
like dying and I have another hike since
until now geez geez look at though it's
really boom in the lake
damn whatever it is oh she wants us
Nomis and take it from behind it's kind
of sad because a lot of the drive up to
Yosemite and coming here so much is
burned so much is burned it's so sad all
the trees just look naked I don't know
how long ago that happened and just
makes me think of all the other fires of
went on in California and it's just
crazy how much has burned Sam sister
Courtney served her mission in Santa
Rosa and everyone she knows like their
homes are just gone
schools are gone our cousin's daughter
school is gone so we have I have a lot
of family out in Santa Rosa too and they
all got evacuated but lucky their homes
are okay but schools nope and stores and
just people's lives it's just crazy
so much so many natural disasters this
year it's just insane okay it's gotten
even closer we thought we were a little
lost and needed to turn around and like
was done with the hike but then I'm like
I hear water these are supposed to make
soup waterfalls like I hear it and like
so he's just up around this little Bank
it's a little new thing well I'm a
little thing here you know it's a
demagogue aide put on mom's head
it's like Parent Trap okay I got him I
think I gosh that looks so cool it's the
video he's mad at you okay he's gonna
bite you you guys - we found the
waterfall right there
it's a tiny but we made it kind of I
don't know if we'll go all the way there
cuz I'll have time work Oh literally on
the opposite side of the dam way down
there is the dam and made it to the
Little Falls because they were bigger
but they're cute okay we did it back to
the car it was been really foggy because
you can clearly see the waterfalls over
there somewhere some over there and we
did not do that
that's five five miles my back feels it
we rested showered dings no it looks
like it's too dark I need some concealer
we're dressed and ready to go yeah I'm
feeling good feeling great my hair's a
little poofy blow-dry it a little bit
I'm wearing the dress that I always wear
to weddings which is the stripy one but
with tights and boots hannah coat gets
me cold did some makeup it's kind of
hard to tell she goes I got a giant zit
on my face beautiful mom say what they
always say okay so my lip color this lip
color is actually from the little nudes
kid I got that's before the other day
with Sam it's makeup forever I don't
know what color it is though
and yeah we're just gonna wait here I
think we're supposed to meet here not
really sure where we're supposed to go I
gave Rachel a lot of the nude colors
that we're like way too light for me I
mean Rachel have both have visit missing
place they look a lot better on her you
look really pretty like a herd cute
dress super cute
