sitting next to here in our town
early morning
I always enjoy a good early morning
commute especially in that big van like
this one how's everybody doing back
there Noah even here
I went to the airport stupid bat bat
boom let's go and so this is goodbye
I'm gonna see each other again like two
years two years oh yeah a couple weeks
as we're going to vlogger fair so
 fair
sanika it doesn't really do anything for
me but I've seen it one up the time for
America's couple America's couple any
last words of advice for the rest of the
world
oh wow what a precious moment caught on
tape
what just happened initially just shared
a sandwich together
I look like a hot mess sound like a hot
mess but we're home we're home oh my
goodness it feels good to be oh it was a
long week it was a fun week but it was a
long week and this kid is back where he
belongs
and them dirt goodness no way you're
gonna make a mess already
we're super tired no it's tough like a
half-hour in the car so I was hoping he
would sleep when he got home so I could
take a nap selfishly and so Saeng me
digging up but he decided he'd amboy
keep sleeping even though he only slept
for half an hour but I think we're all
gonna go to bed a little early tonight
because very exhausted also I feel like
I've never really got to talk like about
each day of VidCon like while we were
there because like it was just our days
are completely packed when I was talking
people was like oh yeah I'm working a
lot like we said the booth most of the
day I didn't really get to go to I
didn't really go to anything else
because I forgot when they were and I
just like was having a good time at the
booth but it was like fun work I always
forgot to mention the fun part
we were working but it was fun and it
was so fun to like meet all of you guys
and to like get to chat and have
conversations that we really enjoyed it
me and Sam will talk more about our big
con experience later probably Noah's
currently at our neighbor's house
playing with their toys because you know
he doesn't think his toys are good
enough but it was a lot of fun
especially meeting you guys the family
cut it was really cool it's still like
weird for me but it was so fun it's like
many friends I've never met before but
kind of through the internet
12 seconds late down no one I just got
back from Parker that's like an hour now
we're just sharing candy and watching
American Ninja Warrior warrior but Noah
has officially learned how to say please
in sign language I taught him please and
then he like note that that day was
awesome how did you please Noah good
it's technically supposed to be like
this is please way kind of rubs his
whole body same thing though right that
here'd
it deserves some candy no do you see
this right here it's it's hot but at
what you say hot Oh see oh that's hot
that's hot
typical pull up the camera do it I was
just living in and you just trying to
help
cook and stuff and you guys look she's
kind of added hot and look this is
vocabulary just in the past week oh you
saying hats again Pat hey would you like
some food can you say please oh yeah oh
you gotta put that back on yeah put that
back on so you can eat here let me help
you okay
oh wait no ago there he is
so on our way home from the airport you
know we had to stop at traded jobs and
what did we get Jen show us Sam
surprise me with some mini ice cream
cones but they looked good
no but by mini I thought they were like
you know like oh yeah it's just these
are like three but they're so cute yeah
I mean Oh Mountain Dew for scale
Mountain Dew for scale house who's there
banana but I don't eat banana
cheers they're only 70 calories and you
can eat them in one bite how cute is
Noah's new sign language
some people say it stunts like speech
growth and things like that
Noah's mouth was always going he's
saying words but it's also a good way
for us to communicate to each other
because we can often tell that Noah
wants to get something to us a message
and he can't do it because he can't talk
so now it's sign language he'll point
and say like more and please and it's
really cute it's a good way for us to
communicate right now I mean he's only a
year and one month old we're home it
feels good
I loved VidCon we enjoyed every single
moment like Jen said I think
favorite moment everytime is meeting
people like you guys let's see this is
our third YouTube convention and we
still have two more this summer it's
always a highlight to run into you guys
I'm grateful when you guys come up and
introduce yourselves and talk to us we
try to take a moment to get to know each
one of you I hope if we met you you feel
like that was the case that we were able
to talk you could get across anything
you guys wanted to say it's definitely a
highlight
I've enjoyed going to these conventions
I really have it's interesting to me
because you kind of it's like like
snapchat Tyler said in the vlog a long
time ago it's like you're living inside
of YouTube but it's different too
because you meet some people and you see
kind of like how they really are in real
life it's hard to sometimes in the
moment like for a brief moment but it's
interesting like some people I meet him
and I'm like holy cow like you're even
cooler than you are on your videos other
people I mean I'm like that's
interesting my sisters love me once that
she went to a meet-up for bloggers not
vloggers but bloggers people that type
and take pictures and things like that
and she said it was kind of
disappointing because she met all these
people who she had kind of thought of
one way and then she met him and they
were completely different so it's
interesting to get both aspects of that
when you go to these YouTube conventions
it's also kind of like a family reunion
because many of these people we haven't
seen for a long time so it's good to
catch up and be together in real life
doing the meet-and-greet was a lot of
fun with Austin and Brittney I need to
make that collage of all the selfies we
took Jen's phone actually broke at
VidCon I don't even know if we've talked
about that she dropped it in the
bathroom
barely dropped it and the whole screen
shattered to the point where it wasn't
even working so I need to recover and
get those pictures off of her phone I'll
make that collage also I made a video
with Tyler and Danny Duncan it's on
Tyler's channel it's called only here at
VidCon 2015 the vlogbrothers even
watched it and they said they liked it I
thought it was a lot of fun I was
actually the one filming it Tyler and
Danny were on the microphone so you guys
should go check that out there's a bunch
of zip ties on the ground because nose
was in here earlier and while I was
editing he was playing with those I got
it
those up anywho lastly I want to give a
shout out to all of you guys that were
there and they had to go back to your
job work whatever you do today I've gone
to these YouTube conventions as a
creator making videos you know just
trying to make awesome content and then
you go back home and you're like oh man
this thinks I just I love YouTube and
then you have to go back to work and
sometimes it's something that you really
enjoy sometimes it's not something you
enjoy and you just want to go back and
go back to VidCon and hang out and have
fun shout out to you guys I look up to
you guys I know what that's like I was
just there a couple months ago I just
want to say to keep going keep doing it
keep creating videos keep having fun do
things that you are passionate about
make videos for yourself things that you
like to watch things that you are
interested in if you have fun keep doing
it it will help you get through those
times ready to go back to work and do
things that you might not like - most
importantly it's awesome how you can
look back at these videos and have those
memories things that you might forget
about you go back and watch and you're
like wow that was amazing
so anyways although we all have to go
back to our normal lives we can't wait
to see you guys at the next convention
we're doing different things now we make
youtube videos we also work with trixin
I don't even know if I've said entirely
what I do with trixin sometimes I know
people probably think I'm just like
goofing around
I actually am in charge of pretty much
all the digital content that includes
all the tweets Instagram photos work
closely with all the YouTube videos
whether it's editing filming being in
them oh there's a video on the shaycarl
channel too from our bike race that Tim
worked on and filmed films and edited
it's really good I liked it that keeps
me super busy a lot busier than I
thought actually just creating digital
content I worked with Tyler at VidCon to
try and create more content we did a 30
hour no-no with the tricks and Gibson
party to like 33 34 I don't know almost
35 hours of live streaming that includes
moderating it we have the tweets on the
board just creating fun content at at
VidCon and it takes up a lot of time and
energy
- and I I don't necessarily show that
side on the vlog sometimes I know some
people get like mad about tricks and
stuff when really Jenna and I are really
putting a lot into it we want the
company to be better we want it to be
awesome I'm working on some designs with
Tyler - and yeah I'm just excited about
that it was a fun thing to do and like
I've said before done does all the
photos and various things like that so
there's a lot that's going on but it
keeps us busy and I enjoy it it's really
cool how much time I get to spend with
Jen and know every single day I love
that part the most and it's also cool
that I am able to work closely with some
of my bestest friends friends that I've
become very close to when you're at
these conventions you don't really get
to step back and take a deep breath and
take it all in until you're home
and you're like what just happened was
that a dream that was crazy
I want to be able to take everything in
better like in the moment even though
it's busy I get vloggerfair
I think we'll be at CVX live - you guys
go to that anyone if you want to take it
all in it's a cool experience
it's something that I'm grateful for
every single day and I know Jenna's - we
talk about it often to each other we're
so grateful for these opportunities and
especially that we're able to take the
time and meet you guys and talk and get
to know you guys better so thanks for
always being there for us I tried to
tell each and one of you guys that when
we met you in person it means a lot all
right we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
you
