morning sweet world I'm Connie and I'm
from no way am i calm until you dog and
slug the cornea after not completely
over which is crazy but my my mom my mom
stay with my dad drove up and my brother
David drove up and my brother Andrew
drove up to kind of hanging out for the
day and see us while we were in town
because we're not gonna go to California
and all the rest of the year we wanna
see the baby
so got arrested for most of the day I'm
just kind of sat and did nothing
nice be my voice is so really tired from
talking and
a fun week I feel like I haven't like
talked about the weekend and we'll do
that more when we get back it's just
been so busy we haven't really talked
about our feelings of each day we had so
much fun meeting all of you guys and
meeting new people and working I think
we need to go that way we're going to
Downtown Disney now to walk around
anyway we go home tomorrow so we're kind
of busy
enjoying our last day in California
there's poopy poopies here and he's
pushing the baby from early practice
where's that
dad talk detective people hi i'm jens
dead i'm jens dad
what's your name dad I don't know what
else to say what do you do probably on
camera before yeah what are you tell me
you've never on camera before not like
this okay yeah I've always do an
introduction whatever an introduction of
who you are well I'm Jen's dad thoughts
about the greatest accomplishment I have
so brother far what you do for a living
dad I'm the doctor he's a chiropractor
the very best kind he studies in his
hands and not the punchy tool so
shameless plug for my dad if you live in
Glendora California or anywhere
surrounding Bundoora he works there
muscle works that way with authority
muscle works Inc that's it that's a
right ad work check it out you can crack
your neck crack your body you can crack
anything on your body really anything at
all what's your favorite thing to crack
what's your favorite thing to crack
really Oh mine yeah next he likes to
crack Mac guys yep sure does what's
released everything to crack
oh I don't know come on dad fingers and
toes do people actually have you cut
their fingers and toes oh yeah can they
crack those themselves yeah crack my
fingers that whatever used to grab my
fingers all the time on the child in
crack Tom I know but you hated it yeah
so why did you do it my daughter I
sacrifice for you whatever anyway
he really actually does work in Glendora
California so come on get cracked you
can do it what's the work sink also
which parent do I look more like my dad
oh wait we should we should say my mom
and si put me in the middle they birthed
me renamed my house 28 miles hello I
know everybody safe today hope you had a
great day who'd you have during your
arms yeah I did Mickey Mouse Santa
making us oh my he's not a princess me
he's a knight yes nice him he's a knight
ain't that cute ma we're currently at
Downtown Disney
I've ever been to Downtown Disney that
never has Downtown Disney downtown
neither has down this daehan's first
Disney experience that didn't do it I'm
sorry gonna kill
this is a really count for Disneyland
okay we've officially justified Noah
with Mickey Mouse but you look so cute
no thanks dad
yeah whoo we just spot I gotta zoom in
yeah their designs his own shoes they're
pretty easy to spot here at Disneyland
just towering over everyone
Brooke and Robin Lopez we love you
actually we don't that we do but we love
the NBA he is a cool
let's check out the shoes for today we
got the converse Crocs nose rocking the
blue polo well that's a nice little
trick how's it going injured good
I've been sick how's life great life's
awesome fantastic what's new I am in a
play another play and it's a chance
Theatre in Anaheim I really like hearing
it I here in Anaheim yeah and it's paid
which is awesome I'm a professional
actor officially officially officially
professional actor it's called the
bright new Boise by Sam hunter and I
play Alex good luck thanks and we're
about to eat Korean barbecue there are a
couple things that Jay had said that he
really wanted to do we're not getting to
all of them over here but one of them
was getting Korean barbecue in that is
happening this way you get a Korean Bob
you got the gas pipe right there so that
grill which we will click our
deliciousness
I know has got his rock I'm gonna
meeting rocks tonight
over here at this table they just threw
the beat on but then over here and
daehan's an expert at the Korean
barbecue so they're like all right well
let him throw it on
look at that oh yeah
me a lesson about every creators right
now this is not my first time at her but
it's our all the terminology and things
right now he's Manning the grill oh
thank you good sir thank you guys it's
my kind of food like that spicy jalapeno
see gotcha
no it's loving it I'll do those
jalapenos are like going up in my nose
look at that look at that I'm officially
Korean on my way out I think we all did
have to discuss on what my Korean name
should be it's unfair that Korean people
get American names and Korean names it
is so start thinking down because I need
a grand name we all need Korean names
that's what you're giving me is it
normal to get ice cream like this after
a Korean barbecue
at VidCon sometimes we blog with two
cameras and I forget to grab the footage
from the other camera so here is some
footage from yesterday's vlog when I was
doing the livestream it's happening
we started a we started from the bottom
how many do we have here I'm vlogging
you guys right now yeah 1030 no we leave
no one leave keep getting more people
here we started like 500 viewers for up
to a thousand three on the youtubes
which means that blake right now has to
go put on a dress Danny's preparing the
dress
here we go
this is bigger dude take it all off the
dress is happening and we did it
together it's fun there he is
this is what you guys look there's a
nice pocket here in case I want to save
a piece of pizza for later here we got
to get another Instagram now I'm just
throwing this out there if we went to
2,000 put a dress up alright no Logan
that dragon will get Logan in a dress
making chronic sounds look bad the dams
are all right got a go yeah like a skip
around from bike here to that I can't I
should get on that board
as we did it we started like 500 matter
of finished we got up to a thousand like
see what his all walk in his dress I
feel like we accomplished something
there
gathering this stream like you know
they're trying to have as much butter to
shave a spot
interesting in the livestream as we
going strong today through
as you guys saw last night yo ant
watch and that thing did not go Gavin
just did the same thing and the thing
didn't go down so he ran up and just
pushing himself I think we just started
walking actually got that so yes and
check it out on his channel one more
time here we go alright so now Carly
another day another vlog trying to catch
up get all these uploaded I talk about
the 100k dance party in an upcoming blog
and just so you guys know you have until
Sunday to submit those send me a vlogs
at gmail icon
alright cool see them base I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood
