good morning sweet world our mission
flora and you're watching baton day
three we're still alive when we get back
i think google
let's play a good climb when I really
call it I get it again now
enjoyable in welcoming
just don't make Noah happy a mannequin
arm
we
ok my earlier
oh okay guys so we're at April and
Justin sling feather staying in here in
California here from California but I
don't get it look at Dean J here with a
little Berbers they're so cute I know
what finally has some toys to play with
hey are you guys making music together
and I was made for Liam to wake up cuz
he's been taking a long nap and then he
can join the party the baby's okay we're
out of barbecue se- you're here too and
my mom is here call Laura what's have
fun oh my gosh I'm gonna do justice on
this really cool couch to take a nap
that's what I wanted to do I want to sit
there no I you have friends look your
friends I die I die dnj also vlog
philippine life so check them out and
check out salmon yeah they have a
channel and so got a Bruin Justin cuz I
owe Jill everyone here has channels yeah
them all out right okay totally the
moment we've been waiting for all the
babies playing it's so cute best friends
look how cute they are hi liam is your
stereo I don't know who that is no are
you so happy right now you ever had this
all week how to plug you areally if you
gave them each in cash but personally I
like to think that she's the my babe
Oh No was making friends except for Noah
I don't know I don't know Jerry wants to
be known as friends but that's okay this
was so nice of you April to have us all
here and Justin sorry guys have an
easier to your music for you oh no we're
gonna get on the plate right because
there's not I tried oh my gosh look it
cheese can't Sam oh my gosh I just
thought that all the babies are together
and there's food is like heaven over
here butta baby and friend blue babies
in Fred confusion when you come to
conventions you see each other like that
haha but like people are gonna pay us
and debugging other things there's only
so many people can count at the same
time so a little barbecue to get
everyone together Jackson spend time
together you know who instead of just
hey see you later it's been so fun
little baby friends
my kids right
someone named dr.
I talk right
no I just wants to do push-ups pull-ups
what
he'll just hang there
time to politic to pull up
he loved it
is gone we have tricks inside whatever
that was it's not currently Kandee
Johnson is right there I'm a little sesh
with candy
I'm bang Girling inside
can't be
yeah she's like oh gee be a hero oh gee
bee bee guru just crazy because she's
right though
don't know what
Oh
we're left of it
horrible rest of the stuff in that we
can we got Chris hashtag green shorts to
him push-ups right now who's that Logan
Derek's going strong let's see here we
got over here how does this work they're
doing push-ups before and whoever laughs
longest wins Jamestown the push-ups out
ah cool don't give up don't have
do that oh my gosh guys the worst part
about VidCon i think is
I feel like I'm happening
I'm just playing New York is I feel like
I'm yelling at everything when i go back
to edit on Mike man
so don't know what guys your audio can
you guys hear me it's actually pretty
good what are you doing right now we
just
around with the camera and bill
basically asking people questions we
went around in this line there's like a
huge
that goes around the whole entire booth
we said who you guys here to see pretty
much a reflection O'Shea shame one
person said mommy charred any other
answers
well you'll just go watch on this blog
we're trying to make something cool we
have less than one hour
tonight I think we're do the maker bar
threat we kind of set out the parties we
and resting
tonight we let loose and we see
party jet hashtag party Jenna Shea
dancing Jack we go down we're gonna have
a guest star here today on the vlog hey
hey I'm Casey I'm happy to be on the
Tyler's blog we're going to go interview
people on the streets okay but let's go
ty let's get started and we're out
what's been your favorite part of VidCon
2015 would you say VidCon so a lot like
Disneyland you wait in line for hours
and hours just for a 30-second thrill
yes yes awesome I will be there too guys
this is so sad it's so bittersweet it's
a bittersweet moment we had so much fun
but it's over so the squad has to go
until the next time when we unite until
then
I think I need a sure
and just like that we have some dead
bodies laying there no those are
mannequins VidCon is wrapping up got our
stuff remaining things sitting there
Tyler and I just filmed a lot of footage
I'm hoping to put some of that in this
blog it was hilarious the booth is
coming down I'm gonna come back in this
is totally different electric blue car
collecting my talk seriously 10 minutes
ago this is one row it's insane
literally as soon as six truck they're
like it's over kicking people out
tearing everything up instantly I feel
like I've been feeding off of a high of
energy just from like all the adrenaline
the excitement and then just like that
it's okay highlight a vid con don't mess
with me that's what happens it hasn't
happened yet now there it is and the
highway that was doing a bit call hey we
killed the live stream today though I
know right it was funny I think it was
my favorite one yes if you guys watch
that let me know I'll have to do more in
the future it's over it's over quick
check on the shoes today boom boom for
the med oh all j's where we go I'll Jace
oh we got to get a pic like it yo
auntie's here wrap it up and he's been
he says a vampire all week even if it
nah this is a good look good jour today
it's a good Jordan there we go
hey what are you doing over here just
got thrown into this kid of bodies too
bad the cameras in my pocket what's
wrong what's wrong help here without any
where Isis has the walls this next song
Oh
I guess maybe my curse at me nine
western it's nicer though there
yeah oh wait he likes it seriously they
have advanced no no thanks why don't you
fly me up I don't do lovey I do code I
do cooked did you try that you just flip
one I'm not brave enough me either okay
ready go dead oh so she did it she put
lemon and more lemon okay everyone just
don't you just go bit God's almost a
wrap I was kind of sad because the maker
party like I thought were gonna be able
to dance go crazy but I playlist is a
little bit more enabling of that that's
okay we had some fun yes anyways got on
this vlog tired always turned at these
things but it's so worth it see you guys
tomorrow
if you too soon I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
you
