good morning sweet world I'm Sabrina
from Ontario California and you're
watching chemica blog
obsession welcome today to
but really we've been here for like five
days so it feels like they've I think I
was like it's day one but it's not day
91 press likes Dave 5 i'm so tired and
I've gotten way more sleep than him he's
gotten like nine hours and three days
but it's been fun and we're excited for
a new day fun people to meet so let's go
okay Kaylee's first time on the scooter
I wish you could see me now you doing it
whoa I'm a real boy okay he's picking it
up I want to try it let me turn before
we get in trouble walking it off gen ed
to sign the waiver first I'm gonna have
you sign into my ability waiver
I feel so
it goes against everything
hey
I'm here Bobo
Oh
sir
I can shoot
oh hey he's about to freak out about to
your girl crush Casey ho I'm hessie
block Oh Cassie ezio my band she's um
Blogilates right now on the stage no
plan no plus really she wants to watch
her everything there she is little
higher there's your girl crush wow wow
wow wow go ahead and grab your L will
bring it over stretch behind me some
oh you guys me ran through each other
like she said I thought little asian
girl running for I can freak out they
nuke alive the second I saw her face
happy in the little girls like we're
crazy no I saw how's it going you guys
are killing me all right no it just woke
up from a nice little nap he's been
saying hi to the live stream right here
go say hi again yeah
waving hi let's go check in with Mama
Oh
so happy to finally meet that bro he is
a Texan rubber but then you never like
meet up terrible oh she see him you guys
have to me
some people don't realize that you sit
on a pillow Rico seriously I don't think
cool no it's pretty good CB Sammy we
went to all these damn right
we use little baby I've ever seen oh my
goodness
family look how beautiful that belly
yeah it's so pumped out look at that
people literally my gosh William there
if you active oh my gosh it's silly it
looks so beautiful without the other and
so I just really just not website no
it's not hey just crazy yeah within it I
actually still be like really even
though we over here ah but well it
doesn't look like it right now look at
that what do you mean I wasn't were
either not like waiting might
likewise I'm looking
make it out all right
from The Bachelor from the bachelor
alright so i just met it's me into
to pull in and they they look familiar
right Andrew you're watching this fog
Andrea's in Jen's brother
actually taught Napoleon and they come
in and I'm one of our videos on top of
its I ain't ruin it by faith
and now full circle we're meeting
it's crazy I feel like we live in a big
world and then also are we connected so
this is a cool moment you guys have a
channel Angie nap okay guys gotta check
that out no I'm in the ball yeah okay
Jackson roxa how many hats do you have
they have 8 13 oh my 20
my channel yo channel our channel yeah
their shadow oh yeah oh yeah do that do
you see you never said to subscribe to
the channel right to get that part out
all right yesterday I met Eric pink cami
and Eric was wearing he'll mention that
out Eric was winning a wearing a Tesla
jacket I was like that Tesla it turns
out he actually works for him right and
then he showed up today and he brought
me a Tesla shirt I told him at this is
gold one day I want to own at best but I
don't think that would be anytime soon
but hopefully one day so thank you guys
thanks for stopping by and saying hi
means a lot Grady you were fighting
though yeah I have a problem with yummy
with me since we didn't play posting a
video play ball
laga laga fair booking so when there's
first of all through how to find her so
the lucky
oh my gosh there's a drone flying up
above me right now it makes me want to
get the indoor joy but i won't i'm
really happy with what I got i also just
met Sam from Chicago yeah from a cup
matches yeah show all that matches match
the hat your outfit everything and then
we also just took full rides together so
that's really cool she's gonna let us
keep one
my dream has been one today I i know a
lot of you guys have been here for the
live stream
I've been acting like an idiot but it
makes the day more
you guys know about my sister Rachel but
I haven't introduced my sister Melissa
this is my sister Melissa when I was 12
I'm so sorry right right doing it with
Noah of course now cnl year ya ali
they're just always good
there's been chilling out of Turkey
oh yeah
he's just like I don't even know what to
think about this right now oh sure go
ahead all right hi I'm Sarah hi I'm
Weston hi I'm Sam what's your channel
page oh oh my gosh I get it it makes a
word I thought they're like your guys's
an issue but they're not your initial
okay I like it I like it go check them
out I'm gonna check them out to do it
check them out don't they look like
lucky blue they look like love you blue
okay guys remember these books something
that's really good well now I'm checking
back in hanging out with Miami squad
right here my squad goals I'm look at
this is cool they did at Rixon page
where they got everyone from tricks and
design even Noah do that then you got
like this page this is pretty cool look
at there's Colin and Katie we got some
blank pages still we got some work to do
when they call me back dejan it's amber
like he's so cool so yeah I think they
like you more three no Jenna shoes oh
hey Tyler sorry the fun police Oh
where's your the other fun police is
here she's called yogurt down her shirt
today and it was like meeting people
with dried pink yogurt fun pool yes my
snuggle bug alright that's it for how
are you wanna finish things
that's it for day 2 neca inside the expo
hall for now America's couples goodnight
oh you know I guess that's what happens
when you become America's couples I'm
also holding that guy's every time use
each other in hailey oh yeah Twitter or
anything i want you to emerge as
America's before i miss america's
company hey something I'm joking I'm not
that suck up just a little second yes
kidding again just get on the little
scooting he's like hunched over and I
like China ready anyways um good times
all around i'm currently looking at erin
employee of the month Aaron you have
officially earned the title of employee
of the month understand me run by his
fire
oh I like it toasty bagels toasty bagels
coming soon we got Austin Jess who I
actually worked with the girls are
having a powwow right now and don't know
really what else Oh Oh Bob logging yeah
let me see these will be all over Mickey
print all over those are nice they are
energies here you just hooked up shade
with some shoes those are dope
that's it what did no hey everyone's
would throw in from this red line up
here and yo and she's like dude I got
this from far back oh oh good night oh
no oh we gotta say hey that should pop I
can't believe I didn't go oh my college
but i'm so tired of them dude what is it
Oh Kate dying sorry
help them out fish them out fish them
out oh gosh her biggest fear is like
being classified by Trapt and this is
like reserved for those on I was like
this is like we are hanging out right
now and what is this thing called a on
party oh so it's when the creators that
gets to go around to all the different
I know whose names I guess is missing
yo auntie trying to get a photo with
someone tonight I'm not going to throw
anyone under the bus yeah the boy is
pretty funny though I had to fight the
phone for the whole crew my guys I got
this yeah you won't take upon with me
but he didn't get a photo with
Michelangelo and that kind of like that
kind of mended everything over I'm happy
now someone that we want to go
Tyler
catfishing here
check it out they gave me a jointure and
it was in the shape of a donut and i
just undid it right now
came out this is a shirt they just gave
me
I'll bleep it up I don't think that's
gonna fit you it's a normal queen of a
donut so that's the kind of swag I've
got today
we're having a great time
everything will be okay your laugh
though that lap go yeah this is my
favorite Britney where she jumps on the
bed I wish I could where'd you get that
Pepsi all right clothes in a convention
hall would egoless convention hall yeah
I had to get Isaac on the vlog he's like
an OG sanika family now we're meeting
for the first time really good guy last
person of the day we're heading out it's
been a fun day so far today d what was
your highlight um I liked meeting I've
met Jesse before but I've got the scene
everybody game girl this one I wish we
could've talked a key match but probably
Mark Ruffalo snubbing it we kick it was
it was hard crushing not that I'm a big
mark ruffalo guy who would ever thought
still a good guy yeah we'll give him one
back yet you know next time except me
tomorrow next time we see him there you
go all right we're gonna die
shape for the pregnant woman over there
when a pregnant woman has to make sure
you get that done and now oh my gosh
telling me a video that basically with
him reviewing this mirror entire room
that they just discovered Savior the
night before they had no clue that this
whole room existent and now everyone's
going to turn on the hoverboard thing
guys I think the best part of this room
I wish I could go outside right now but
I can't but look at this view hey this
all right
look at it just look at it it's
beautiful everything G faster did what
is not cute what letter you at right now
o QR a TV I'm tired this is the face of
two people that need to go to bed but
was this officially day to add VidCon I
think today was maybe my favorite day
after everything and did I shut it down
just for a little bit in them we were
able to walk around and go to all the
booths and it was just fun meeting
people I didn't really record a lot of
that because I feel like a comfortable
sticking cameras and people's faces when
I'm meeting him for the first time it
was cool like I met Nev we always talk
about with catfish guys in that money
that we actually met him really I was
like I was such an idiot too but it was
fun it's fun to meet people we met a
Colleen which is like how our
relationship started Jen that miranda
sings was real with her friends were
roommates they all thought she was
really long as I dance no if I she was
not real anyways great day tomorrow's me
another great day can't wait see you
then
if you choose ooh I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood yeah Jake yeah your
mouth so good Wow
