good morning sweet world I'm Jack from
Gibsons BC on a lighthouse
you're watching Samko vlogs you ready
for breakfast good morning sweet world
we retired a couple of minutes ago
heading into the elevator but the chick
saloon is officially open these are the
first people coming in right now what's
up peeps what's up Bri it's all
happening right now just taking photos
I'm helping out with the livestream
hearings here to help people today's
gonna be a good day better be let's
check in with day hon holiday house
vlogging good times that's an exciting
moment cuz I think everyone's been
waiting for this
and now it's happening got the live
stream going right here if you hashtag
tricks in VidCon it will pop up and
you'll be able to watch it on the stream
which is awesome the quality is amazing
so here we go got Blake work on this
right now
Casey's working the camera on the live
stream I'm trying to get flow in his
past
hello gets working the camera Claudia
right now isn't right I need to get back
to this started a ladies man
this is an exciting time and Derek did
you get you trailing friends a long time
what I'm going to tell you why Shay is
the best guy
we are here it is 8 a.m. it in 24
minutes into it and this is what
happening he is here at the booth taking
pictures with everyone we went to
vlogger fair last year he was in line
with people for 6-7 hours taking
pictures bright and early
he's here taking photos and dude this is
how he always is always always is that's
why I love this guy good guy hype
Tyler's the tractor noise the bed on the
live stream right now some you're
watching today come say hi I'll be on it
a lot like in the comments and thanks
there's a huge lighter now Hey look at
this gift yo who's that right there
though this is awesome you guys are the
best
this is so cool I can't wait to take a
nap in this I called it but it's awesome
Sophie where are you from Michigan
Michigan Midway you should give it what
it she gives the best hugs I've ever had
seriously everyone's like scared to hug
you you know no I'm not sure to augur my
fly from here here are this beautiful
hugging Noah that's basically he I
birthed him yeah basically held him a
lot yeah it's true
last row look it's going oh yeah I got a
special delivery
all right so from Shay
yes
I do
he had nothing sold out I got thanks to
my cabin that night I saw
Wow the speaker specialist you know oh
my goodness Shay
Thank You Shane that was a good bed to
baby well yeah I will shoot all you
happy people did you know you knew as
those when I was like almost blew it
know when I saw the box and you know
you're like Jordan disorders and that
box
yeah here I know this mom know is here
he's made to the birthday what do you
think about all this stuff he just keeps
going whoa dude you love these lights
you look at the lights look at that
light up there
these guys mouth open he's trying to
take it all in hey hey it's your first
big whoa whoa
let's go let's go things are hopping
right now boy here and we got our selfie
time and like it our yeah I know
I gotta get a bunch of you guys to I'm
doing this thing today at the church the
booth you make your favorite emoticon
face and then I'll post it like a
Christmas evening see I gotta get
picture that hold on all right I'll be
right back I ran into these famous
people right here you might have seen
them on a wall no no use your impress
the games watch out and you're down to
I need that motivation to fulfill in it
their commercial Sen am sure you have
Walmart it's amazing they're both here
right now having fun
oh yeah city ready
I've been bragging for them three
circular
my favorite you guys kind of look away
you could be sisters it's really loud
here too I hope you guys can hear me
look at there's Amy puddles singing on
Twitter having fun oh hello hello hello
oh hello oh hello congratulations
I loved your little announcement gender
reveal said yeah no that's cool way to
get pregnant anything that was awesome
it was cool era Street Amy
kisses every bottle wait what's going
through
camis Amy puddles set your channel name
yes Amy puddles channel name you guys
come to post up because they are the
cutest growth ever what's your channel
I'm bad my channel exactly
that's avail CPA Rio
it's my laughing Oh chanting
right there and exit there so like the
first and biggest enjoy
we have invited
okay okay yeah I guess yeah to the damn
triplet yeah
we oh my goodness I have no clue what's
going on right now but here we go oh
here we go
perfect I'm gonna prevent today's vlog -
all right guys we have a signing and
selfie I think it's actually just
selfies that we're gonna do right now
last minute Jen was like I need to
change my shirt and then she decided she
didn't want to change your shirt then
she decided that she did well I always
go with what Jen wants to do so we ran
and got a shirt oh this is about to go
down right now we may be sweaty but we
made it and we're about to take selfies
with all these people over here they
don't know what I'm gonna make extra
hard time I'm gonna make a mega collage
we have the photos
and then hopefully I can fit it all into
one elbow and it should be cool Noah's
well we got jenna Marbles to compete
with over here but Noah's over here all
right open it slowly and there's our
little guy cuz I'm a king's man oh that
is too much sugar that guys can read it
later but just still I love it it's
probably gonna break you know by the
time his face oh the cameras yeah this
is so cool
hey what's your guy's channel name to
once upon the vlog this is one of the
coolest things I've ever seen these
girls right here tell me what you did
we flew from England to Canada and then
Joe sent me a picture consulting
you're at the sign right yes oh my gosh
I love that picture a long way but
something worth it so far was a fine
Irish a can go home right now already
you know we were days two more days of
games yeah hey party's just started
already
oh yeah she guys are so cute okay Gina
she's here
her dad send her a text I just wanted to
say hi dad
yeah oh I'm gonna get in trouble so I
gotta end this guy then I get my dad and
mom mom and dad mom and dad trying to
get another bug Club and this is we uh
we keep getting in trouble so I break
before we get in trouble am i recording
oh yeah I always make start recording
Bonacci yeah there we go I usually look
at the screen this time I'm that guy's
got his head what here's here's my heart
let me tell you check this one all right
Sam is not volumes jammed okay but what
he's doing now guys I'm helping him to
look into your eyes and not his own
that's true I do kind of like look up
I'm fine my mom yeah it's like look he's
like look at random we just had a little
site or what was it I was gonna say
signing the already selfie something
angry there was a lot of fun we met a
lot of you guys I wish I could have
walked more I was getting in trouble
like it's 30 silly yeah they were like
whispered in my souter you speed this up
like a security that part was a little
yeah here's the thing that's the hard
part because I feel like Jenna and I
could talk to you guys for everybody our
oh you just want to talk all day
no absolutely so it was fun though so
thanks for coming those of you that did
and I'm gonna try and get that collage
we took a selfie with every single
person - are you serious and I'm gonna
put it you guys you guys never know at
some point I will put all those photos
together in one and we will get it
posted Jen's over here talking with Ally
Jim was freaking out when they came up
I know when you used to be the insurgent
spent like hours hours like binge
watching
hey go check out J house they're good
they got you kids to like you kid try to
get the first time I have
you guys I mean I'm meeting you guys for
the first time right now was it VidCon
last year long and you saw
that's what it was exactly it was VidCon
last year you guys I don't have a big
shot
my day - at VidCon so it's like if too
long and no was born and these guys were
nice enough to make a video and say hi I
remember like Shay was saying hi and
everything's like that and now we're
finally meeting up also like calculate
your my is it Michael sorry
Jen and I tend to give people nicknames
Internet's listen Michael made the
funniest snapchat to me this the other
day and it was like the pokemon theme
song because I don't wanna be the very
best end of the tent and like zoom into
his face closer and closer you guys know
how I like to zoom so anyways you guys
are awesome I'm glad to finally meet
long story short they're good guys you
guys got channels to write oh yeah you
have it on there right here hey ray Daly
hey ray Daly that's that guy I haven't
put videos up in a year so this is
probably embarrassing but they're four
year old videos right there yeah a
little bit we got a card trick right now
make you clouds we don't have a table
here but just you know kind of hand
which card do I to
what I do
and after the deck you nickname
the box I want you to go like this are
you right-handed
right on your card okay
you know what to help you visualize
take a deep breath
thank you
oh my goodness
and you can check out the box there's
nothing fun oh it's crazy it's magic
now I get car that was awesome for the
coolest magic on the internet check out
your areas channel on YouTube sweet
thank you for the trick that was awesome
I see Lizzy I see
haha
and what is a buzzing piece
these are way better than any peeps me
and you every and freakin
like that right there Katie Couric my
mom just got a picture with her she
banned girls real hard duty banned girl
Japan oh my heart's pounding sooner and
we just thought one of the brothers from
property brothers on HGTV walk right
past go to the mom fangirls again should
you be a girl about the property
brothers mom way the property brothers
walking by the property brothers yes he
just watch ba he's tall goodbye dream
come true right Harry whistling yes I
was telling her that I saw her videos
years ago before we even did you two it
was like she is amazing dang upper
bullying and look at and that's you in
the movie coming out of everyone at
VidCon
Jenna was most excited tonight so it's
complete I feel like that is when I go
home oh hell I felt like I can go now
all right day one in the booth young is
done sour patch kids exploders we got
people that let's see we got people
getting engaged
we got dejan getting engaged just
kidding
you got a date to the tricks and prom
tonight right here why she said kind of
it's oh okay she has a date you got a
date tonight okay all right we got Noah
putting stickers on he's been playing
with balloons all day we're ready to eat
been a long short yet long day we're
heading out right now so
we'll see what the night holds okay no I
think it's past your bedtime look at
this like this love it look at this look
at this loving going on right now I
don't know what's going on right now I
just ate some fries with steak on it
from this food truck right here and then
I look over and know it's just totally
hugging this little girl it's super cute
we've had a fun day though hang out with
gaben babe they are the best guys
they're super nice people with a link to
their video their channel in the
description you gotta go check them out
hanging out we might go to a party
tonight two people I'm like Oh guys
anyways we just had another little
editing party here and it was a great
night
if you guys want to see Jenica acting
crazy jumping on the bed dancing tune
into this vlog which is uploading right
now I'll post the link in the
description to that there's a little uh
ooh has perfect all of it
there you go let's get a bed VidCon bed
VidCon I'm for the dolphin I did the
same thing whatever you can to remember
it anyways we're going to bed day one in
the books uh I think I've said day one
in the books a couple times I don't even
know it dated so long for this one we
gotta go like my apology yeah for real
though we will see you guys tomorrow
if you choose to I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood yeah guys that's where I
keep it we inspected for I feel like
that that ticket well we got here like
12 different I got how I'm not even
halfway done oh wow you guys are awesome
Turkey tomorrow
