one of the ants dual sim unda i'm danny
from mexico and you're watching
stomacher box good morning sweet one
wavern oh yeah there is hey what's up
crazy boy well I wasn't actually here
let me redo that you smell like Mark
good day to sterling hotel couldn't but
looking at the on goes as they won't buy
/ fan today many of them arrived hello
be I hope you all have a wonderful time
in my spoon I fed myself with there's no
way in a shoelace we're outside on a
wash and he found sticks and rocks
where you going Noah
he's off hi Sam I tell him your name I'm
Sydney and I'm Olivia we met okay Sam
for but we fight like I mean no one Jen
yeah he's the backyard you got cheese it
you want to go say hi to them go say hi
hi and he's running and he's running I'm
in the expo hall I snuck in I just saw
an open door and ran straight through it
and kept running and outran all the guys
that were chasing me so they couldn't
get me and out here at this giant tricks
and booth
an edge made up that story I actually
have like a plethora of passes right now
which is kind of funny oh the gmail the
gmail now flogging there's Jenica no it
just took a great nap having Jen's mom
here has been so much of a help because
I feel like everyone's happier know we
can get his naps in you can hang out
with us afterwards best thing ever
having my mom had it really is she's
walking around outside she's like I just
read to revenue and like stuff like that
so I think your mom's having fun too oh
yeah she loves just good he's loving
this so we'll have no around for all the
enjoyable parts for him I don't want him
to just suffer and be restricted all
week dude what do you think this booth
set up I'll let you finish chewing and
eating your sandwich like this is a
LeBron James's house then over there is
uh
today delphine our house Delfino golfing
you know this is LBJ's house he'll be
Jade know if you know look at this look
at that guy here let me zoom in on day
hun right there we got to move that cord
though it looks like it's about to like
strangle you yeah we gotta move that
after countless meetings it's fun to see
this all come together I can't wait for
people to come here because I think this
would be a really cool place to hang out
there's a ton of different TV set up
there's a TV there there's the TV there
there's a TV up there and I think on
this TV will be streaming tweets from
you guys at home the tweets / hashtag
tricks in VidCon so if you tweet
something to that oh yeah 308 up there
and then you can see it and Wallace have
the live stream going as well so I'll
let you guys know all about that because
I think like we have our meetup on
thursday and we might go to austin's on
friday but after that i think will be
here at the buddh a lot and so if you
guys are looking for us you can come
here and then I can also talk to you
guys on the live stream with Jen hey you
took those photos another mather blown
up alright yeah they look cool you can't
see me because of light but uh there's
gin and then there's me I'm Zoe I'm
Hannah more Noah followers Noah say hi
to mom and dad so high you jump
I flew 18 hours from Vietnam 810 hours
we got a for our place this fall oh my
gosh awesome I honestly oh my goodness
didn't even officially started I think
this is it gonna be the partisan yeah
everyone else cool mitsui what was your
name ah hian kyun not yet wait he in
yeah hi girls hi girls oh hi yeah I'm
not boring old me Sam yeah go away damn
I feel like we've already met so many
people crazy and we've been inside your
tactical ruin barbaric this is like but
there's so many people already here yeah
it's not even started yet yeah is a
flash the camera yes I defined our son
yeah this is a constant thing wherever
we go we run into cool people right here
all of our sisters I think it's a couple
of wait you guys aren't even going to
VidCon oh so if you can't get it to go
to VidCon you should just come hang out
anyways because you're running to people
hi I have a good time with OG hive ever
you don't even miss me do you really
sticks for two hours oh my gosh what's
in heaven thank you so much my people
have you said but this is the first time
he's been in a stroller hi my name is
Jessica oh no oh Sam get away Marisol
Marisol even ready Julian Alexa are you
guys all family yeah oh okay okay so
some of you are siblings and you all
bond over YouTube oh I love it I love it
look at we're meeting fun people there's
no kila okay Jessica had a really
brilliant idea and what you do you made
this little book says VidCon 2015 I see
some cool people I recognize the
magnolia tardes oh they're pretty cool
too and then inside i got stickers too
and then inside people can sign it and
stuff so again I said that's me right
there hey that's really cool this is how
you cure working hard you gotta have a
little fun it's how it's already over Oh
remembers breaks first loses whoo Oh
double time victory speech now you know
but you got nunchucks now so we
discovered a bunch of food trucks out
front and they're delicious bride legit
they're straight oh good they actually
taste like sweet potato dying it knows
like mom I'm not sure that yummy and
there's live music right now it's so
nice out click on under way Oh baby guys
it's been a long day but I can't wait
for the rest of the week and this right
here here's a little sneak peek at the
tricks and booths which people have been
putting their blood sweat and maybe even
tears I've lived in tears today I don't
think there's been tears today I
personally created ok day on I know
Lisa's have you cried today oh I wanted
to someone stepped on your gums I
remember you cried don't even design to
the camera he cried
you know it's been cool though I've run
into a lot of people i know a lot of
people are excited to come hang out at
the booth these tvs I'm really I'm
really excited about that part in the
live stream it should be a good time
we're waking up super early tomorrow
like 6am I know that I guess it's not
super early I met someone today that
woke up at 2am head out here it's time
to eat we have not eaten dinner I think
Jen got dinner with oh no food trucks
are closed all right I mean it's almost
the end of the night can edit this vlog
I've been hanging out with this dude all
night have I been on your ball yet
reunited and it feels so good yeah yeah
yeah did you just say Yan song it'll go
number one yeah yeah yeah yeah anyways
we're actually having a little what do
you call that ed re what's tomorrow you
know finally sign long at assigning but
we're not gonna sign it you need selfies
on myself instead of like everyone I've
seen today I was like we got a great
some great so nice together here's why
itself is only I told them that I said
yes so please because the only other
option that they give is I've ever
touched a professional photographer take
it that's like those selfies you know we
take give me your phone let me take a
song yes shot whatever took a selfie so
that's gonna be fun that's tomorrow at
twelve now we're gonna have an editing
party but bday today it will today as
well be learning all away are your
prisms that's true it's today at 12
sorry I no no I'm on a good schedule
I've been going nine or ten a.m. this
time every single day the Swedish you
too so that's good right now we're gonna
go meet Chris though and have a taco for
him it's my welcoming to VidCon Chris
just flew in today I think from
Mississippi so it's probably been a long
day flying dude
I brought you this taco are you hungry
thank you hideous nothing's wrong with
it I brought it for you welcome welcome
to VidCon all right guys good times
anything else you want to put on record
for my boy tomorrow Oh today's a
monumental day keep going to do we don't
know why but it is okay all right let's
see the morning Chris you got a message
for the people oh yes i like to say that
up do you have a partner you have a gift
for you for what you're passionately
thousand subscribers oh man how is it
handshake are you my daddy there you go
oh thank you sir it's been good is it
really yes your for you really
conditionally for you look a hundred cab
here's my gift from Craig look a hundred
hey I don't need that plaque I got this
thing I know what your camera is so into
you that it was focusing on you not that
well I think that's pretty produce just
100 k on right yeah so this is gonna
shout it Chris it's going my fridge
right you know thank you thank you Chris
congratulations this is real that's real
guys it's so quiet in here I should be
up in five hours time look tired
tomorrow's going to be like the first
official day of everything and I can't
wait see that base
garrett if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood this
is those first right ever it is likely
that much noise welcome to clothesline
