hey sama cafe mocha it's Erin I'm back
from two months ago and welcome to this
new vlog say hi to my parrot good
morning sweet wood day one in California
has been complete this is day two I can
actually barely see Disneyland from my
window we are getting ready for a busy
day today know was crawling around the
room doing acrobatics let's see a trick
nice trick I was called the point and
Jen's eaning an incredible how is that
dude that's like we're inducting you
into becoming a child a kid Joey
first PB&J it's the honey wait that's
like the whole wheat low sugar the funny
part is we've tried to give him kind of
like a peanut butter and jelly before he
just spit it out and that's what he
likes it's the healthier version you
like really sugary things a lot of times
unless it's pop like who's father hello
hello through here he playing with the
sound machine he's so proud of himself
he knows how to turn it on turn it up as
loud as possible and change the sounds
we're going bye-bye and look who came
today
gamma OG my mom came up for the week and
she took days off of work to come and
babysit Noah which is so wonderful so
the grandmas dude yeah she'll be hanging
out a lot with us and making sure no
I'll get some at tea stuff because he's
been a little teething monster see I'm a
little boy yeah we're gonna miss you
we'll see you later okay we're about to
head up to LA to get all set up for the
tricks and party and then from there I
realized that if I had never been to
VidCon before this is my first time I'd
want to I get a feel of what it's like
so look at this is a
hey this is Tyler hey Joe
we've arrived we're in Beverly Hills
California right now heading to the
Gibson space where we're gonna have a
Trix and Gibson party tonight how cool
is that how cool is that
on Twitter recently we posted some
photos of tricks and Gibson guitar it's
gonna be a nice little collaboration
tonight they gonna have some fun
daehan's scoping out this like mobile
play that mobile luxury mobile
barbershop do you gonna get a haircut
right now how that door room was open on
you that's pretty cool there's no one
who woke up from a good nap and are you
eating okay I'm eating a big banana
we're gonna take a walk after this I
know don't worry mom and dad he woke up
from a nice nap look say bye what you
doing silly yeah hi ah I don't know if
I'm holding this at my face I'm not
really a vlogger but Noah wants to log
for a minute so I'm gonna try to give
him the camera okay
this is awesome we arrived we're kind of
getting like a tour in every single room
have a look into is pretty amazing this
is a fun little night Rattata night
alright guys
again these bags packed right now these
will be handed out to all the guests
that's sweet so we're gonna have a
little like tricks and gift also it get
some gift look we found a friend a
fellow babysitter know let's get high
they crash the pond and they're getting
wet but they're happy
nobody's we're at a rest rest yet
he wants to go to the pool
he's so sorry Jen I guess I'll take him
to the pool
because I think this is the coolest part
one of the coolest parts there's many
cool parts
tonight but look at all these cameras
here they're a bunch of DSLR cameras
here and then what we'll do is have
people stand here we'll take basically
like an animated photo and it will just
rotate so this is exactly what I'm
talking about how awesome is that I've
gotta check in real quick with dejan see
what cakes he's wearing today he's got
those hairs on the sevens looking good
no one's stepped on him yet look at this
oh my goodness
feel like I've died and gone to heaven
whatever hey doesn't gently grate though
she thinks she might be overdressed I
don't think so at all I think you look
perfect
hey wait are you guys opening up for
someone
Logan knowing that band name that quick
mean they look and just thought about
his band how's that the same how much
would you pay to see these two in
concert I think it's filming wow this is
what's happening right now we are
watching babies being bored in front of
the food there's my favorite part though
the table look at that you have to
throwback keyboard yeah I thought that
would be a throwback but it definitely
is now this is kind of cool too
Jonas Brothers guitar autographed by the
mom a Twitter hashtag Gibson tricks and
party for some real great images from
this evening's events we are live
streaming on multiple channels
Oh
I flew in here on Monday and came here
four hours ago and they look like this
how to party
things getting socked in the face so
this is a privilege for us and Gibson
guitars and tricks and clothing to have
Travis from way the kings playing for
you people put your hands together my
name is Travis Clark mache said and I
think Rebecca we the Kings if you guys
don't know that man then I'm going to
introduce you to them right now
you
justkeep freeway
Oh
yeahit's look at this way
hello family shot look at this bus old
YouTube jukebox on the inside Gibson
church's buddy was a success it was a
lot of fun we just rocked out in there
it was my legs and feet are already
tired
Jen was known as like the appetizer guys
it was good Dejan met one of his heroes
Timothy DeLaGhetto you met one of your
heroes people mistake us like people
think I'm saying all the time I'm not
Dan your picture his picture is great as
a picture minute Tim he said Hall of
Fame and rookie shout-out to Brett good
night hey Jeff fun Jeff fun yeah Jeff
Jeff Jeff fun yes Tim did you have fun
mucho fun tonight it's been a great day
as Alley Cat said to me today she said
these things I feel like family reunions
where we haven't seen each other for a
while we catch up we have fun we laugh
and smile we vlog we dance we act a
little crazy the tricks and Gibson party
was cool
these guys are editing their vlogs right
now I'm editing mine right now I think
it's like 2:00 a.m. I'm gonna upload
this while I'm sleeping so you guys guys
I just want to stay on track while I'm
here I don't want to fall behind
especially with these poor upload speeds
so hopefully you guys kind of felt like
you were there I know we did a
livestream which was pretty cool and
we're gonna continue to livestream it
throughout VidCon because I know a lot
of people can't be here that want to be
here so why not make it seem like you're
here through the vlogs and streams and
everything like that I know when I watch
these I kind of feel like I'm there in
times that I haven't been I don't even
know if I'm making sense
I'm really looking forward to some of
these parties do with Jen because she is
such a fun beautiful person and she's
nightlife I feel like the luckiest guy
in the world we're in a party away dance
away and have a great time she has
tomorrow peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you that understood
oh gosh
