good morning sweet world I'm Katie and
I'm Elena
and we're from Michigan and you are
watching samokov vlogs peace good we
made it through security we're gonna go
get you play
originally all their seats are gonna be
together but we're all split up our to
be spread across the whole plane party
play
we made it we made it you made it on
another flight your 20th plate
way to go Noah hey guys we made it I
think we're about to rent a 15-passenger
van so I'll jump into two of them two of
them we're going from the party plane to
the party bus what's up guys I'm the
leader of this party but apparently I'm
driving so here we go in the passes back
to Genesis you can document whatever she
wants to know the hotel and it's
beautiful
you made it nice hotel so nice this is
hotel I probably ever say them I think
you like your seat there I think this
this has been entertaining in pref the
day just sitting on the luggage through
that tree I see the VidCon side guys
check this out real-time subscriber
count ninety nine thousand nine hundred
and seventy four twenty six away from a
hundred thousand people let's tweet it
oh my goodness that is crazy literally
twenty six people away
one hundred thousand I love these trees
two things are happening right now the
first thing I never imagined ourselves
being here at VidCon I just started
doing YouTube just for fun making videos
and now I'm sitting outside of the can
Anaheim Convention Center
VidCon signs right there did you ever
picture yourself going to VidCon no
maybe not than this this is the other
thing I never imagined happening ready
I'm gonna refresh this I'm refreshing
ninety nine thousand nine hundred eighty
six fourteen people away from 100
thousand subscribers I never imagined
that happening either this is truly the
calm before the storm there's no one
here right now just these three and Noah
and myself outside of VidCon and Anaheim
Convention Center human Noah's already
loving what he's seen over here he's
like wow look at that fountain
I bet you would love to swim in that
guys there's our first of many I'm sure
motor scooters here here we go refresh
that is insane
yeah right here it just happened
100 million guys this is a special
moment I honestly never thought we'd be
at VidCon and we're standing here
outside of VidCon 100 oh no we lost one
went that 100,007
it was 100,000 8o we're back at 100
thousand eight and we're back away oh
we're back at 100 thousand eight it's
fluctuating crazy good job guy inside
with the fountains this is a crazy
moment right as we walk up to the VidCon
side I think that's insane
and I want to tell you something too
there's many different ways to get into
places to achieve your goals one thing
we never said in any vlog was to like or
subscribe guys dancing shoes on it's
time to dance oh my gosh
I seriously can't believe it can you
believe that no I can't like the timing
is the first thing that Aaron said
absolutely this is like Binks I didn't
really know that would happen in our
lives and then now that it's happening I
just feel so grateful it's like a dream
come true in some ways and it's just so
fun to have you guys along for the ride
with us so right now we're gonna go get
some dinner
we'll be a little dinner actually we
haven't really eaten it all today we're
gonna go get something to eat
and I can't wait for the weekend to get
started or the week today's Monday
it's me a fun week hey guys to celebrate
free refills on me for fries I mean 12
seconds later we just had dinner at Red
Robin we keep walking by this mega shoe
factory with the Feliz shoe on top and I
mean we just be killing ourselves if we
didn't at least not lie and say what's
up
there's the place mega shoe factory just
do it
Jordan New Balance Logan in this selfie
stick
we'll see what the inside of this is
like what it's like actually really
clean this is probably the coolest part
thing I like little people shoes they
like the metal ones all these look nice
got a little Oreo forest for Noah that's
cool
it was a good trip Aaron's coming out
with a pair of bands
23:23 off the wall just in time for
knows not his younger years but like
he's like many shirts
Deon's kindly running around the lobby
right now trying to wake up i'm so tired
it's technically 120 hour time but i
want to edit all the blogs the day
before so I like I said upload during
the night internet here's parable we
don't even have thousands of people here
I won't be uploading vlogs they had
we've got like two hours of sleep last
night he's working hard
well Dan was in charge of a ton of the
VidCon stuff so today's been a big day
for him just getting everyone travel
itinerary out here go in bus we packed a
ton of bags tonight which Jen shows you
for the Trix and Gibson party which is
tomorrow night
which I'm super excited about that's
kind of been like I'm a DL so it's a
party that's going down it'll be I think
pretty cool walk there and Jen's gonna
wear her little I said I was an MC
Hammer stylish cool jumpsuit she looks
really go in it I think she showed it on
Tyler's blog I'm not yet on here
we almost just got kicked out of this
area the security guy didn't think we
had a room at hotel anyways I love
hotels for some reason even though when
you really think about it hotels are
kind of disgusting this hotel has a
revolving door like a giant revolving
door last time I was at a hotel you that
was in Portland and I remember me and my
mom just sat in the lobby one night I
think of my sisters too
we just watched people like walk in and
out of it
it's kind of funny to see people try and
figure it out because you don't see
these huge giant automatic revolving
doors that often pull I don't even know
what I'm talking about anymore but I'm
really excited to be here
tomorrow's party will be a lot of fun
our official meetup for VidCon is on
Thursday I think Austin does like a
meet-up
as well and so we'll probably doing him
I think he does went outside I'm not
sure I needed to talk to him we're also
gonna have Jen's mom come out and help
out she doesn't live too far away so she
can come help babysit Noah during naps
at night so we can you know participate
in all the activities
Jen's asleep I'm gonna upload this while
we're sleeping hopefully I could see you
guys because the internet when I tested
it was terrible I want to have long fun
vlogs this week I can't stay up as late
as playlist live editing although I do
like editing in the lobby because then
you get to converse and talk with
everyone
and meet new people and it's pretty cool
anyways we'll see you guys tomorrow
100,000 subscribers I can't even wrap my
head around it yet you are amazing
we need to have that dance party so
submit your clips and I'll edit it when
I get back
love you guys peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
you
