and you're watching Panik work good
morning super old my name is chunky and
I'm Jambi and you're watching similar
books piece
hey you ready to go you ready Zamir 20th
flight it's like whatever I'd rather
just plan dirt all day every day
paparazzi you ready to go I'm almost
ready you ready probably a pact sure so
how many bags you have lost what I'm not
Oh bag one bag each these guys are the
best Packers I've ever seen Real Talk
serious you better go get your bag
packed we're leaving today yeah we're
gonna start him down is your bag packed
no rain you'll find out if these guys
are ready if they've started packing and
how many shoes Dejan is bringing to
VidCon hey ya got it come the door for
me push it down okay pushing oh excuse
me let me get a shirt on are you packed
no yeah I put that shirt on okay sure
question is how many sneakers are you
breathe he's drinking crowd how many
sneakers are you bringing with you to
VidCon for what for 55 sneakers for in
your bag one on foot which ones are you
gonna reveal those or should we I'm
gonna check in with you every day I'm
just gonna peek at your feet be like all
right that's what's going on no no no
don't tell I'll give hints you better
circuit and packing now Noah what are
you doing is he's platform look it clap
take good job
all packed and ready to go gosh that's a
lot of stuff that seems like too much
stuff we made it to Khalid not just
quite yet we made it to Salt Lake City
where we will be staying the evening
Jen's mocking me r and then she's
mocking me right now she's like if he
knows it's him pronuncia 20 vlogs we
made it to Salt Lake City because we're
gonna spend the night here in the way of
our flight in the morning it cost him
was the same as parking plus you get
free parking and then we just have to
wake up and go the airport so whenever
we're in a hotel with these peeps I just
met we always have to take a selfie in
the shower we're gonna do that right now
wow I look like I'm ready for a weekend
retreat in the Dominican Republic
meanwhile a dollar you look a little
better you looking like a mad scientist
not too long ago yeah I actually have a
rub I won't let six we go this angle
this is a lot smaller robot I feel like
this one all right I had my selfie stick
this one
goodnight pups in the morning we got a
little trip hmm hello just look so
inviting and comfortable I just want to
sit in that light right now Noah has
been feeling some type of way lately in
the past 48 hours I think he might be
having more teeth popping up cuz he's
been crying and just fussy a lot lately
animation but 92 yeah last night so much
it shouldn't be that bad of a travel day
tomorrow compared to travel days in the
past the drive here was just as long as
the flight will be yeah so we're hoping
that its mouth is feeling better feel
bad for the little guy he's been we got
him some better medicines and hopefully
I'll help he's just not feeling well but
hopefully having everyone on the plane
with us well distracted
we seeked refuge in this conference room
I've been trying to figure out like what
kind of setup this would be I guess you
make the person stand there and they
either deliver a nice presentation or
you grill them with questions but I was
just thinking about these conventions
and usually ironically the worst part is
trying to get a vlog up because the
Internet's usually terrible I'm trying
to get on a good streak right now get
this valla cup that you're watching now
early so that I can be uploading line
I'm asleep and like the internet won't
be a problem right you in so some things
go sometimes usually doesn't listen to
me I think Tyler's gonna try and do
daily vlogs yeah he's back what's up the
kids back yeah the kids back just
created the best video of the year and
step back to 100 k will be in 100 k
let's give him rise applause guys or
whatever let them know samick a 100k not
true be part of it that's not true well
the dance part is true one thing that
I'm also very excited about with VidCon
is this little contraption here it kind
of looks like yeah anyone have those
Legos like the robotics lego robotics
rebuild a robot you program it and then
it can write around and do different
things well it's not that it also does
kind of look like a submarine and it
doesn't work it does work it works but
it won't accept my SD card I don't know
what's going on I might have to get a
different one anyways it's a 360 camera
that we're gonna set up at VidCon so
that people get like the full experience
of what's going on here right now let me
pull this off okay here right now is a
live look at what that camera is
capturing now if I screw up focus come
back if I scroll around you can see oh
there's me on top now like we're getting
a 360 view this area up here would
usually be stitched to this bottom one
and then on the YouTube player if you're
on your phone or on Chrome or something
like that you'd be able to scroll around
and view the whole room the idea behind
bringing one of these to VidCon is that
we can set it up somewhere and then you
guys can feel like you're there because
you can scroll around the entire room
and see what's going on I think the main
use of it will be at the tricks in booth
it's a really big booth so if we set
this up and have it just streaming or
just capturing footage for an hour or so
it'll be cool to just watch it see you
stopped by people can come up to the
camera but like what's up and you can
kind of scroll around and almost be like
you're there I know a lot of people talk
about how they can't get there because
of flights tickets are like crazy
expensive than her to get already sold
out right now this all about I think
it'll be kind of fun to try out if it
will accept my SD card still working on
that did you guys see me battle that and
I destroyed that hand fun fact we're
staying at a hotel that is obsessed with
cookies as soon as we got here they gave
us warm cookies there's a cookie on the
shuttle bus there's a cookie on my key
card I've realized the power of cookies
cookies aren't even that expensive to
make bony show up somewhere and they
offer you a nice warm cookie with gooey
chocolate chips what's your reaction mmm
that's good kicking I think I should
just always have cookies at my house so
that when anyone comes over so that they
feel the most warm welcoming ever this
is the last blog before we leave for
both of the Psychlos life this hotel
even has nice lights and carpet whoa Oh
bright and early off tomorrow can't wait
to get there I'm getting antsy I will
not sleep well tonight will you sleep
overnight yeah you're like know as soon
as I had it's a pillow I'm out the girls
already asleep we had to come to this
conference room and just start to get
everything figured out and also get
these things edited so that's what's
going on right now can't wait to see
everybody can't wait to see friends
tomorrow traveling will be fun we're
gonna have a ton of families on the
plane like Jen said it'll be an easier
way to distract Noah hopefully he has a
good time because today he was not
feeling it dude he was he was going
crazy wasn't
he's gone crazy as fo sho I know I think
sometimes we forget to always include
the reality like today I think Noah
cried for three hours he would be like
you know he would go ten minutes and be
happy and then ulsan like cry for 10
minutes he was just is his mouth was
just hurting him and we tried to help
him out but hopefully tomorrow's a good
day I think it will be we'll see you
that peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood my
travel snack choice and editing snack
choice of tonight is tex-mex trail mix
with spicy peanuts almonds salsa corn
chips sesame sticks chilly but chilly
bits and pepitas again 100,000
subscribers great work everyone we're
not there we're not there and you're so
blurry you're so blurry almost submit
your videos samick vlogs @ gmail.com
100k dance party in the subject it's
time to dance almost
