damn ago we got a fun boat you'll just
see ma I'm Jon Missy shake I'm Gemma and
work for Macchio welcome Wow okay this
is my hair before okay well actually
looks like okay there we go this is my
hair before and now you'll be seeing my
after and snap of the fingers come here
Caleb see here before me hey Leah got
hair did Hailey's whatever you people
Hailey's here before and now we're here
after we're gonna get our hair done and
I'm good morning hello cranky man the
cutest little nose remember whoa good
morning sweetie
what do you call it what do you call
that good morning hombre tengo hambre
haha what's so funny whoa look at that
oh it's like at a peak take good morning
did you just make up
20-30 minutes ago okay we'll get a peek
later okay Noah's chasing a kid around
with the needle
you're jumping more JEP one go take this
take bring down some more jump some more
wait do you want fire house Oh
basketball checking with Tyler's food
this is his third meal in a row where he
has meatballs true actually yeah Faro
subs I went with the turkey bacon cheese
romantic week in New York sandwich it's
good
no they like breeze out I'll come in
turn around see you guys jams me again I
turned around and both of them were
dancing with these two knuckleheads look
how cute that is
he's doing a remix right now yeah
Oh
now that's a burger with strength well
not yet almost sorry I take that back
father didn't give the go-ahead for
burgers of strength he is the official
burger where they collect on your shin
near the hamburger you should be that
for next year I'm currently holding in
my hands and body for cameras I got the
camera the drone I got the camera right
here I'm holding a camera and I have a
cell phone in my pocket and we're just
gonna go take the sunset in today's been
like a really weird day it's been a cold
day for July and for summer at one point
we were wearing hoodies I'm wearing a
hoodie right now Tyler said hit the shot
right now this is where we came last
time he was here and we set up some
shots we just drove by like a herd I
guess I don't think herds the correct
term but a group of like reindeer
straight up reindeer eating grass in
someone's yard it's crazy how close we
are to just all this nature
see
I would say that it's been stressful
getting ready I'm getting everything
done before we leave but this was a nice
break it doesn't mean she gettin beat
these sunsets out here you can't even
really see it there it is
hopefully I got some good shots on the
nerd bird hey what's up I got called up
for being at PacSun today okay Tyler
just drooled I'm wearing my dad's
sweater we just spent probably the past
three hours watching VidCon vlogs from
an assortment of people all over the
internet does our first VidCon this is
all of our first vid gun hey what are
you hiding about anyways Tyler keeps
drilling I just had to cut out like a
minute of footage because I don't even
know what's going on what are you most
excited about for VidCon what element
everything no no no what are you most
excited about
everyone asked you Mary I think of a
good thing okay okay Hayley first VidCon
okay Tyler Tyler Tyler okay okay dad's
got something first VidCon for all of us
what do you most excited to go to flight
club in LA ooh ooh okay
Jen do you know what that is okay it's
probably better that you don't I'm also
excited for the fight wait
I don't know I don't have a you're not
excited I am excited okay I'm just gonna
sit here until you do okay let's go find
Tyler while Hayley thinks of something
okay one thing you're excited about free
stuff the free stuff what is the free
stuff like continental breakfast you
know you guys are terrible she's miss
Nikki bug supposedly supposedly there's
a surprise at VidCon for me
Dejan knows about it he won't say
anything I've tried prying it away from
him but I'm excited for that ah I can't
put my memory stick into my computer and
finish this walk because I'm clearing
all the memory sticks for the upcoming
trip which is tomorrow I'll see you then
peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood what is that that's
I'm cool hair
he loves cords and cables I and hair
looks like a dream come true yeah you
know the walk I saw everybody doing
