this is a humble abode for the weekend a
little cottage think it's really cute
actually one two three girls to the
taken one two she's like let me out of
here Roman gray its brain into free no
my son our tarp isn't down continue on
to see we got on the road my mom down
the road what time do you guys on the
road for him 4 a.m. it picks me up at 5
a.m.
we've been driving since 5:00 a.m. at
7:30 now only two hours
yeah okay so it's long drives that's all
you need to know it's a very long drive
but one two three girls come on look at
the space she's in tell me boy three
that's better
look at Rachel's seat great let's see if
we can actually Rachel enjoys a good
seat look it she's got a free bag nice
but it's like with just a little pop-out
see does your bum fit on the Chelsea it
hurts my bum Rachel you can flip the
seat up and move a little tray
underneath if you want to be able to
floor better because I had a very rough
night falling asleep last night then it
falls until after 10:00 I'm really
hoping that good for my dad today and
that PJ goes to sleep book she's doing
my great sleeper and last night she was
not so Sam takes off at some time this
morning to go down to Blizzcon which
will be really fun and exciting footage
there yeah but we're excited he's no
supposed to be freezing raining and
we're gonna be cold were Michael my
intern
thank you Rachel's hot everybody going
on a mission technical difficulties with
the tarp
did you say we can do hard thing we lost
that one
don't oh brother
oh brother okay brother alright we have
made it to Yosemite and it's very
thirsty
I hope not do other things too
13 minutes away so close since we've
been driving since 5 a.m.
ah we've made it
check-in parking look at this cute
launch area
yeah we're staying one of these little
tiny cabinets I know cold out here ok
let's go explore and check in and see if
we can check it sitting for the lunch
inside this quaint recreation room
we've made it there's a whole rocket
boards your hands our ice caves it's
really cold fireplace a bunch of people
in a circle doing I don't know what
outside
now we're eats much my mom was so great
impact what this is a humble abode for
the weekend a little cottage think it's
really cute actually
you wanna dance oh hello you walk in and
there's the lovely bed that me and mom
will be sharing here's the lovely ground
that Rachel will be air mattress Inc
it's pretty tiny but it's cute we have a
little back deck kind of sounds like
someone took a poo and then put air
freshener in here got a little fridge I
think I hope that's a heater it's really
cold and our bathroom is actually a
decent size which is nice some tells a
cute little bathroom tangled sham work
and a little toilet put the window I'm
glad to the shade there but this is the
old room
you can throw rock
it's great so cute little it just really
sings in here do you know about the
tooth smells like poop in here like
weird room spray covering up bad egg
smell kind of stinks but we're gonna get
our stuff in here and then go say hi to
our friend before they go and do their
rehearsal stuff and then come back here
and show probably Omar Suns the planet
fair Rachael where I see something up
there up there in the trees I saw
someone ziplining something up there
come over here you're doing it you see
you see the Rope it's bouncing oh it's a
tetherball I think that no it looks like
it does the point definitely we're
currently on the nature trail it's a
little walk around the whole property
looks real cute lots of blogs and trees
and stuff we just went and saw our
friend Raquel let's get the bride it's
really good to see her and her parents
haven't seen Ashlee one seen anyone in
such a long time I keep in touch with
Raquel but I haven't seen her since Noah
since Utah there's a footage of it
actually the home I saw her yeah no it's
little and then saw her one time after
that now we're on this nature trail
before the dinner tonight look pretty
there's some rocks with the moss Rachel
really wanted to go on the hike mom
needs help with her instance stories -
bye you guys won't see this footage
right away it's really pretty
anyway it's really pretty guys come look
at this big tree I miss my family though
it would be really fun no one fell if
you would love being out here I think
they would like walking around this
forest trail area oh man where are they
they're so far behind me
jump boy Rachel found a really cool
trees it's burned out on the inside but
did you scream about look it's all
burned inside that's crazy
it looks so insane found a little piece
of heaven over here look at how pretty
this looks like a postcard oh you know
it's like the notebook oh so romantic
mom she says yeah I'll lead I know the
truth listen here we are balancing on
freakin lon
yeah follow her she says Rachel that's
real oh my gosh even gets poison ivy
okay well she kind of got behind you
civilization we found a hammock but I'm
almost to the ground my pen
this is like incredible even with the
clouds and like the rain it looks
amazing
