good morning sweeper and you're watching
some of the vlogs who's serving day
shape in a little bit good morning
nothing like a little magic flute to
start the day right now I good morning
sweet boy are you buying really good
morning sweet well interesting we're
gonna meet my main here are going to
find clothes bestest treasure maps and
jacket because you don't have dresses
and we have an event we need to go to
for tricks in when we're in LA so
you guys I'm feeling bold I got a
jumpsuit it looks amazing it sounds
weird I don't know maybe I'll try it on
have Sam video it or something I think
we're weird oh and uh I was freaking but
they didn't have the shoes I wanted
we're gonna look like we're still gonna
the mall and see if they have any
dresses or something there as well but
next time all vlog while we're actually
shopping I just get too excited I have
been like the best girls they ever that
I just said insides I said I need to
record that I said that the best girls
they ever we've been gone for like over
an hour without a baby j or not dad's
home I literally I went ham today but
that's like it you deserve it I never do
I only shop for stuff like maybe three
times a year I probably not the best
insolent either I'm like try this on try
to oh I'm beginning to Haley I'm like
Haley this is look good try it actually
no I can't I can't try it on I know that
i'll buy it yeah it's pretty bad we're
like buying everything right now that we
see i may have bought jogger jeans but
they're like so cute you guys I'll have
to put myself in them because they're
really cute if you're a vid con go see
me wearing them oh well you're such a
boy you're gonna hurt some with that
stick everyone's on devices working away
working away
no I likes to flirt with pretty women
yeah I'm gonna meet just posted right
there giver kisses kids oh you do the
phone kitchen hello know everybody yeah
hello Noah you think wait you're right
there though great I've Anderson Kirsten
okay good oh oh dude read talk hi I Noah
Noah can you see me hello Noah wow wow
and he gave you so confused what talk
louder no wow say something buddy hi Sue
personal day oh there you go Wow hi
oh he looks so old right now baby boy
daddy go you see daddy out there you see
daddy hi dad you sound like a minion
he's like wait I want to try that dad
you're so funny bucket face watch me
watch me ooh watch me oh yeah do the
stanky leg he was saying oh hit before
what is it demonstrate for us dejan then
I demonstrate for us to learn it fully
still it's a lot more complicated dance
than breaking legs then that wonders
I'll do how to break your legs I do
actually break your legs honestly break
your legs come on hang on dude for the
vlog will do do for the vaad ass party
do it for the vlog do this today come on
guys we are getting very close to
100,000 subscribers some people tweet me
and say you guys are very close to 1
million subscribers nothing right we're
closer than we were yesterday to a
million other still we're not close to a
million to a hunter so when we need 50
thousands of cherries wolf let's go back
when we hit 1000 subscribers Jenica and
I danced our bums off and like you're
here stop it I usually do looks really
good yeah I'm cover up the bad part okay
anyways we did a little dance party it
was a lot of fun Jen was pregnant now
she's not pregnant
yeah then we had 20,000 subscribers and
had another dance party which was
unbelievable choked me up watching that
video good times like oh this is awesome
then I was like hey let's do a 50,000
subscribers party and I let you guys all
down I was a failure I got a lot of
footage for that I recorded stuff on my
own camera and I failed you guys I did
not create that video I want to make it
up to you guys I think the only
appropriate way to celebrate 100,000
subscribers is with oh gosh not a
close-up magic a dance party right yeah
okay Haley didn't know what I was about
to say you said that though the other
day you're like what you have to do a
hundred thousand deaths writing yeah we
have to do this and we have to do it
right so let's start today if you
created a clip for the 50,000 dance
party you can still send that for this
one I have some of them but oh it's been
hard to filter through all that so send
an email to Sam eeka vlogs @ gmail.com
in the subject put 100 k space dance
space party and that way I will not lose
it right Jenna right we need to do this
correctly it's going to be great it
doesn't matter if it's 0 10 minutes on
two minutes long depending on how many
clips are submitted we are going to do
this and I will not let you guys down I
promise you that okay now if we hid
under thousand within 24 hours I won't
have the video ready that fast laughter
but as soon as we get back from VidCon
that will be the first thing I added
other than the daily blog cool also
people always ask how to send an intro
in same email just puts a mocospace
intro and we'll keep those going
anything else you would like to say
today don't get your hair dyed I think
John looks beautiful she's having
regrets on with her hair what do you
think I think it looks good but she
doesn't like it then yeah we're gonna
fix it I say do what makes you happy do
it makes you feel comfortable in your
own skin
or hair or hair or scalp or scalp or
whatever one must look a bit gone no no
see I need to fix this gunk eNOS okay
but if you like it let us know anyways
alright start submitting those clips
let's make it happen it's unbelievable
that we've gone to that point in my head
like picking back the day one it's crazy
anyways let's go check in with Tyler
really quickly before we end this we've
been resting after we get all our work
and stuff done Tyler any last words what
do you think of a beam that's words um I
like it snap you Casey nice that or is
it more or less just like do you like
the app guys you know what Bemis it's
that app that Casey nice that's been
working on I have a code i created a
name you been like this like i'm gonna
be me guys right now I'm wait it's
better with the sound and you don't meet
this ready I'm beaming you right now so
if you have beam and go follow me the
user name is Sam akka Annika I just
beamed you guys then you see reactions
and stuff oh there's someone's reaction
oh there's another reaction my hello Sam
is their username oh my gosh who is this
person in Pennsylvania oh there's Eddie
at starbucks duty work into diggin beams
boy that's awesome anyways if you have
beem let me know what you guys think of
it I think the next version will be a
lot better it's been kind of fun we've
just been playing around with it a lot
though today some people have sent like
a hundred reactions to so if you guys
have beem send me one I don't have any
codes to give out right now I've already
given all mine out I got my code from
Kayla Kayla who watches these vlogs
hooked me up with that code so that's
pretty cool yeah it's like invite people
with the code and it's for iPhones only
right now I wish it was on Android to
anyways this has been a long clip submit
your guys's clips and let's start this
party soon we're almost there can't
believe it see you tomorrow base
if you choose soon I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood hope you got another
dancer behind you this will be in the
50k video ok video dancers 50k dance
video oh yeah I prancercising radio
