alien songs boom oohs good
morning sweet world I'm Avery from
Louisiana and you're watching Sam
Cooke's piece yeah what's up everybody
and today is a very very very busy day
last time I was in this parking garage
right here I was sprinting to catch a
plane to get to Chicago
this time I'm walking kind of briskly
briskly briskly anyways we're going to
go pick up two friends right now we're
gonna head back to Logan and then go up
to Pocatello so I'll be in the car lot
today and we're just going to get things
up for bid gun we were gonna try and
sneak up on them but they spotted us
already
I can't right now you know when I came
to the park before now it get some
playtime in are you gonna go it's so
much different having him on who not he
walks a little scarier than when he
crawled also better Sam good save good
save oh my gosh it's the famous Tyler
and Haley from the news I'm putting you
on the news first stop oh no real first
stop on the trip today had to get that
in and out in and out man it's not quite
a
Portillo Sam and everyone are still
driving back from Salt Lake so they're
actually going straight we have a
meeting today for trixin so they're
gonna drive straight to Idaho and then
I'm going to go with Aaron and Logan and
Noah and meet them all there here goes
for a nice long drive hopefully this kid
survives we're getting everything ready
for VidCon so we're really excited and
dejan says he can't get his pants dirty
so he's just gonna cover them with these
mats hit some part of your pants
Brad back today is a crazy day and I'm
already tired
I think it's cuz I haven't yet that's
already 3:15 p.m.
meeting a lot of hours manpower
everything put into this and now we're
doing some interviews alright so we just
had our interview for the bike race
which was one of the most humbling
experiences ever
this is a perfect backdrop though like
this they're sitting right there got
that back job Tyler still here still
here dude Connors gonna be intense
did you like the vid con man make over
the world actually we are gonna take a
good roll that's a good god yeah watch
me drink before you drink the water
might have something in it mind control
they're gonna have that Krusty Krab no
other actually he hasn't shared some
pizza Oh
no I say please add VidCon without
here's some of the new hats right here I
call this the Titleist
this isn't me my favorite I think I know
where this one the most so we'll go well
with all my Chicago salad stuff gray one
black one another red and black one
JD totally couldn't tell you're sitting
there until I brought it down
everything's like almost ready to go and
no no we got a big night ahead of us
let's go hey it's past your bedtime he's
been doing this thing today too and
we're in a big group for maybe like a
fake laugh he's just starting to
remember Tyler the fake laugh the fake
laughs out whoa well that seems like
you're crazy I'm not hanging out with
you
hey you guys see what's going on right
now
Logan's about to take a picture right
here it says Logan space 55 so if you
know what is Instagram and YouTube
handles are it's Logan McKay 55 too good
to be true Deon James you're the next
contestant on The Price is Right come on
that nonsense
iPhone 61.5 so today is a July 16 2015
Sam Anderson and Dana Jane picked up
tricolor and Haley Rose in Salt Lake
City
mister like they said we're in Salt Lake
and we we had a meeting at the butler
residence today about what we're gonna
be doing at VidCon that was a little bit
of what's happening I'm gonna be
shooting like a little uh series I guess
it's not really a serious I guess it's
just like one big long episode it's
gonna be on the tricks and channel I'll
be sure to keep you updated
I think thanks to my special guest Dae
Han Jiang of course and of course Sam
it's really late
it's like 2:00 in the morning no we have
much we've been looking at dresses I
just laugh with Peggy Lee we just laugh
but we're real friends because we laugh
together yeah we actually have fun
together where I'm just strictly
business they're just business partners
we have a plan tomorrow we're going to
Cole about that oh how we gonna go with
this no sales we needed money for
anything else it's like women go to bed
do you guys like when you're in town
yeah I like it
but let's see if the boys are working
hard so you got on periscope normally
that's confetti let's see if they're
actually live stream oh you're actually
at least in your laptop live and you
could have probably been on Twitter but
what you probably I can't prove anything
the only person I know who's on Twitter
on their tweet but like I said the only
person I knew I don't I've been a fake
name on vine so if I watched Sean's
videos so shoot shoot shoot suck suck
suck suck fork fork fork what laptop
let me Tuffy laugh it up and have it
available Tapia Tapia poutine so I'll
say one word at the same time right now
let's see if I don't get the same word
one two three four dub what do you say
would you say work I said handle I said
potty Hey
b.p ok a p12 I don't know what just
happened there or what's going on the
tablet and Haley are here it's gonna be
a mega care and getting to California
we're all gonna hop on that plane it's
gonna be wild but it would be nice for
Noah to have people you know we can like
pass them around a little bit keep them
entertained because that's what the
flight is about just keeping them
distracted
although VidCon is on Thursday I think
it starts Thursday a lot of the work
that needs to be done before then is now
kind of complete we can kind of catch
our breath do a couple more things and
get ready I'm so excited to go though
it is our first one it's we're excited
to see friends we're excited to see
family and we're excited to meet some of
you guys so the countdown begins I'll
see you guys tomorrow
peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
