morning sweet world this is Divi
contrato Ontario Sam I challenge you to
a one-on-one
you're watching samokov vlogs
every time we pick this is a guy who's
like like tongue cut paws Noah's first
startup up actually don't know if it was
this person about because I think when
we went rollerskating I saw my mom give
know a little bit of orange soda which
she enjoyed it's really funny to see
kids try something for the first time I
didn't realize how spicy a fizzy drink
could be for a kid it's just like ah so
we gave him a little bit of cherry
limeade we're usually pretty good we
feed him tons of fruit tons of veggies
he hates usually anything unhealthy like
cake he likes cookies but do you really
like that said about this is how bad
habits are formed
he definitely sends Sam's same time same
time oh oh he likes drinks water is his
favorite though thank goodness but he
does / he does like juice oh you want to
trade
if I take every time you still want
that's not even that spicy of a drink
he's been a little fussy today and so
we're just giving them a little taste of
his own medicine it's not like a baby
fussy like I'm just a baby it's like a
tantrum oh right so I get my own way but
really I'm okay yeah no he's like maybe
wait up this kid oh look at you one more
give me more pop give me more you can't
this mine dad dad dad please he's like
that if I ask nicely will you give me
some go ask daddy go get daddy's drink
go get daddy's drink go get some no I
studies to for some more
oh are you hugging daddy he's like that
I hugged you not gonna have a sip dad
give me some drink
would that him are you
yummy Oh God Oh God all done
he's like but I see it I see it more I
asked for it I told him that word and it
helps because we know he wants more look
at you still doing on top of your head
anymore I can't not give it to money
signs it it's just too cute you I don't
think I'm gonna be bringing you Sam oh
yes still bringing you see how much is
in soda pop to your bed every morning
like Sam got lucky another shoot your
ball in the hoop boom closer over it
doesn't celebrate the championship win
do you guys realize how proud I am just
of that one little shot even though it
was just a drop and it landed in the
hoop already proud dad about that after
dinner we decided to take Noah to the
playground and I think this is the first
time he truly kind of enjoyed it it was
like a thrill Tim usually when he slides
down the slide he's just like
stone-faced just like like really slide
that's not fun for me but it kind of
enjoyed it and he was also playing on
one of those they like a pipe that goes
from one into the plug onto the other
and there's a kid that was talking in it
and he walked up and he was like but I
missed that part
oh you're a static boy static
electricity boy let go
ever get here today was a very busy day
there's a lot of preparation going into
VidCon everything has to get packed up
sent out there this time we're taking
like a truck out there so it'd be pretty
cool tricks and is gonna be a main
sponsor of VidCon so there's me a huge
booth there seeing all the designs and
things come together is pretty cool it's
gonna be kind of like I went say
nerve-wrecking
it'll be intense just to get everything
organized but I can't wait to see
everything up and if you guys are going
to VidCon you have to stop by there
because I'm sure we'll be there a lot
we're also doing a meet-up well we let's
see on Thursday there's like people that
signed up for that this is my first
VidCon actually I don't even know what
to really expect playlist live was wild
fall your fare was really cool too but
I've heard that VidCon is on a whole
nother level of craziness
so last VidCon Noah's being born and it
was at an earlier time it was in June so
anyways it'll be our first one I'm
really excited about it
tomorrow we're gonna go pick up some
friends from the airport and it'll be
another great and wonderful day
hopefully you guys had fun today
we'll see you tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood they had a layover
in Dallas Texas today and it got a
little hairy Stiles
