good morning sweet world I'm Catherine
and I'm Lucy and we're from central oh
and one piece it is a run around in your
diaper kind of morning for this guy I am
finding running around under diabete Sam
got up with no this morning so I got a
personal conductors mat I go in there
and well I wake up to him like yelling
for Sam and I go in there and he's still
yelling it and then excuse me and turns
around and goes and sits in the corner
of his crib and doesn't want me to pick
him up yeah that happened I hold my arms
out for me to like get him my good
morning and he just sits there and
stares at me like he wanted his dad to
come get him he wanted nothing to do
with me this morning my goodness you
whining you daddy hi - good morning okay
hang out guys his stomach's getting so
much better he's back skin is like yeah
you guys can tell I don't know if you
can tell but is that well oh it's like
splotchy white splotches and kind of see
it it's hard in this light but it's
getting better
Oh Mike just kid always ends up
recording something that we don't want
him to record it's hilarious we were
getting like 20 episodes of Jake the
Never Land pirate recorded and we're
like how did this happen oh you know
just a cool dude just a cool dude king
with his water table put them on you're
really cute
you like when they're on put them in
there
okay that's fine so fun to spin it if
you need enough water to spin it
there we go that's better
why do you pray to the sprinklers you're
not afraid of the sprinklers you're a
tough boy hi Seymour buddy you know how
to say more tap your fingers okay Wow
I'm sorry
can you more there you go more good job
more good job good job
he used to clap thinking when I was
showing him more that I was clapping but
now he gets it it's a no fingers people
let me tell you about my best friend
about the birth boom people let me tell
you about my best friend his name is
Ludo and I take everywhere and I cry
when my mom puts him in the house but
that's what we got it right that was the
whole reason we bought it so he'd be
attached to that and want to sleep at
the midnight I need us oh oh
scared me hey guys once again we're
teaming up with all this month to get
you guys a free book I just finished the
book of IV and it was really good I
think I finished it in two days audible
has a new thing called whisper sync
where you can bounce back from your
Kindle to listen to audibly and it's
awesome and I really loved it so you
guys should try it and you guys should
check out the book of IV I liked it
because it was like a dystopian
futuristic kind of book kind of like you
know divergent and those types of things
so if you enjoy those young adult
fiction books then check it out I think
enjoy it that's what Jen listens and
reads - we've always been wondering
because Jen is obsessed with book
dedicates two hours every single days no
yeah I go
phases I go through like a week where I
read a lot of books and then I'll go a
month without reading a lot of books so
I'm in my reading and listening phase
she does better than me the thing that I
should have done on their race is have a
audiobook because that's what Aaron did
and he did a lot better
biking than me because I just like put
him in his own special place yeah that's
what I should have done anyways you guys
know about audible they have a hundred
eighty thousand books to choose from
which is a lot so if you don't want to
read the book of IV you can read
something else honorable audible expert
yeah you can listen on your phone you
can listen on a Mac or PC and we're
giving you guys the opportunity to get a
book for free so go to audible.com slash
Sam I know what cut knows getting slash
sanika and you get a free book yes but I
recommend the book of ivy the book of
ivy I do those Jen's
current top books it about is that the
sequel doesn't come out until November I
saw that there's a book of ivy - yeah I
made some eyes doing my research for you
know feature gifts so anyways guys
audible.com slash sanika it's really
cool you get a free book let us know
what you guys are listening to or like
Jen said whisper sync you can listen or
we and read at the same time it's what's
up back and forth yeah I guess you try
that have interesting I Holly there's
been a common theme lately and that is a
lot of our friends have been on TV
we'd like a lot of famous friends
seriously every time we turn on the TV
we see someone new today we're about to
tune into the daily share which I think
it's on HLN is that headline news is
that what the channel is it's like a CNN
channel I think anyways Tyler and Hayley
are gonna be on there they're
interviewing them right now probably via
Skype or something like that and we're
really excited to watch it so that's
tuning your
playing sharing shopping and oh my gosh
I'm gonna cry on TV tribe ties oh hey
guys
I'll make you proud to call me your son
Oh blog by Tyler Shelton he's a 21 year
old photographer whose documents from
the most memorable like its proposal to
its girlfriend Kayla that you just saw
so the most mundane like this one they
wants your flight delay vlog that video
has been viewed more than going really
well so tell me how you got the idea to
start doing this blog well I mean the
idea came from just dang girl you're
looking good
TV looks good on them in your 20s it's
like than this transitional part of
anybody's life there's just so much that
happens blog their transition from being
a peacock ball to an adult and like that
the decisions you make and the
opportunities I come here twenties
really I kind of like influenced the
rest of your life so that's kind of like
where the inspiration came from now we
don't get to see the proposal video and
that was on a trip to Europe and you got
that funded through IndieGoGo tell
oh my gosh yeah earlier this year we set
up an IndieGoGo campaign and our fans
are like they're amazing we call them
the tribe and they really came through
for us nothing but like love and support
we started a fund to give it a year oh
yeah and I told them to close enough
attention I told them the touches here
if you nice and white I want a pillow
right yeah I don't know if I remember
coming here is up to our fans and gave
them all the opportunity to actually
become a producer as a part of this
project and it was like this there's the
kitchen I thought that it would be Haley
right there without the directing that's
what is it like for you to be I guess
now you're queen of Tyler's trying to
years ago not like Tyler said you had
this crazy idea that we were going to
video our lives every day I was like who
is gonna watch that a bunch of both
thousands of dailies get it so it's just
awesome to see it all you know kind of
working out for us and it's it's great
to have you know those memories that we
have now such your talent that's so
awesome let's watch one of your most
popular videos it's called inspirational
we're feeding you have a wide variety of
those so let's watch this one
I just want to be this is what we call
the art bridge this bridge your videos
that is connecting with people so much I
think we don't really try too hard I
think we try to keep it as real as
possible and I don't know I just I try
to put a lot of time into all of our
videos and I don't know maybe it's just
like the edge to work honestly I don't
know there's no no like secret forum but
we're just we're just blessed
honestly like we're just really lucky to
like and the support that we do and be
in the position that we are we're just
really grateful for everything that's
happened but you're saying you're not
doing anything special and of course
this is gonna take time you're a student
you're a photographer you're planning a
wedding now find the time to blog every
day oh I'm just trying to turn on the
camera and you know like turns just you
boy your needs toilet well they're just
go into the store and picking up some
milk and we're just getting a present
through your grandma on Mother's Day
it's like I turn just follow this story
lines and I guess it really resonates
with people because it is relatable it's
not flat it's just how people realize
there are people on TV are insisting way
I guess I don't know I guess that
reality is what people aren't relating
to let's watch another one of your most
popular videos recovering I will follow
you into the dark by Death Cab for Cutie
in this one
doesn't Wow but put me on the knows who
you are
it's just like wow you know if Noah's
here right now it go wow you want to
continue to share your life and your 20s
with the world Tyler the reason the
reason I want to just continue doing
this is to capture moments like this
that we had together it's just so cool
to look back and just you know just show
our future kids and everything and
joining us here on the daily oh my god
oh I love it
they went into depth and she sounds
really clover my gosh you guys are
awesome we love you guys that's so cool
sharing yeah what's up we're showing
dejan and aaron talent Haley's special
real quick and I mentioned a Tyler that
he should like have like a signal to say
hi and I told him to touch his ear twice
so he barely got it on camera because
they rolled his Instagram page right
before that but look at this ready it's
quick
for some reason I still get really shy
when I blog in public or when I'm like
vlogging outside I think no one's around
and then there's one person around and
we're the only two people around and
then it's like why is that you're
holding it up it's like super awkward at
least I feel awkward and I shouldn't
have been doing this for a year and a
half but you know you'd feel like you'd
be totally fine do it in public but I'm
still not would you tell arias and I
should be totally fine but it's it's
just funny some people are just totally
fine they're natural they just hold the
camera in they're totally fine public
first day but for me who's a naturally
shy person I'm still getting used to
this you guys might not think that I'm a
shy person cuz I'm generally like I've
become more outgoing as I've gotten
older but man I was in high school and
big settings and where I don't know
anyone a lot of times I'm like super shy
that kids not which I'm kind of happy
about this is how he plays at the park
now he just wants to push whatever I
pushed him in to come you gonna push it
found it know what okay fine eat the
grass eat the grass maybe you'll learn
from it yeah see you don't like it stop
putting it in your mouth guys it's so
cute watching him well okay he's flung
out half the rice but so cute watching
him get little spoonfuls and viens off
tonight is night it's been a while since
I played basketball a couple weeks but
I'm gonna go play because I got to get
that a head CCO gotta keep the weight
off don't wanna be that fat daddy I
can't get out of this chair so I'm gonna
go get some food at a food truck right
now with some of my friends and Jen and
Noah because there's some food trucks
here so yeah guys act tough
I got daehan's backpack on
squat goals it's tough when it's not
busy and people are saying they're just
watching you and you feel bad like
either ready to go I want to get
something from both trucks and support
both businesses over here we got like
this poutine thing and then the Canadian
thing I've always wanted to try it over
here we got some diversity I know you
guys are just on that juicy turned out
Jen would you get on me but ban me
banned me from the vlog you are no
longer allowed to comment it's chicken
pickled vegetables arugula cucumber he
said it as a Vietnamese sauce on it how
did you like it yeah let's just dive
into that thumbnail it was a corndog got
me a cherry limeade
by poutine right now shout out to Canada
I'm really excited to eat this the man
the chef said that he's been to Canada I
made me study there I don't know I think
I'm making things up now but I had a lot
of taste tests and it's really good so
I'm about to dive in yeah how's that
blue sucker there's nothing left to show
you guys I ate all of it it was
delicious
the next time I go to Canada I want to
really try it out there as well
because I don't know if that was like an
Americanized version of it or what I
love fries
I love gravy they said the gravy was a
little spicy to be Canadian fries it's
probably has a different pronunciation
that's like French or something maybe
it's a french-canadian you know I don't
know you Canadians can help me out
you're probably just laughing at me
right now that probably wasn't the best
thing to eat because I'm off the ball
night hopefully it goes well my zebra
shoes will lead me to glory
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood hey why aren't you
there's your smile
