it's another beautiful morning we're
gonna play outside for a bit get some
fresh air I have a package that's coming
that was my birthday present from Sam's
parents hey come here let me see your
shirt when they're snaps is open and you
look like Rico suave little Fabio action
going on that necklace you guys I
haven't talked about I don't know I mean
a lot of researched on like amber
teething necklaces Hazelwood because the
Hazelwood supposed to help with like
skin the irritations it helps like level
the acid in their schema which causes
the eczema I guess so I got the combo I
got the teething amber with the
Hazelwood and it's a little small like
we'll just see if it even works before I
get a new one because if it doesn't work
I don't want to buy another one you know
but we'll see I don't know I don't know
but you look really funny with that
button unbuttoned you got a little chest
skin showing buddy so yes for those of
you who've been wondering what that
necklace is it's for teeth and skin but
who knows if it really works we'll see
I get like a scream screen door or
something
I'm y'all done playing already okay okay
oh no no he looks like pitbull that's
what you look like doll a pit bull baby
hmm
also to help with the skin I've been
putting onesies on under all of his
shirts because before I was just putting
t-shirts on him but they was rode up and
kind of like caused a little friction on
a skin so I have been putting onesies on
him and I'm also going to start like
washing our stuff and just clear simple
friggin free detergent where's daddy
he's not pushing you just watching you
go oh good job we're currently playing a
game where one of us blocks the goal
while the other one tries to shoot yeah
mine was anyway it's hilarious let's see
how we do
yes so on Jen's birthday she opened up a
card from my parents which had a picture
of a gift that she was going to receive
and that gift just arrived right now
right let's check it out so people
usually get these things were like their
wedding stuff and they also get wedding
bands for their wedding but I like
register phones I'm don't be often I
remember you saying oh it's too
expensive for someone to give me right
oh so some people probably remember what
was in the card some of you have
probably already forgot I'm gonna let
Jen pull it out of the box I'm gonna die
the color oh my
oh my goodness let's see what is it
oh my gosh I'm obsessed with that color
you guys I have a mixer new guys oh my
god the color maybe some they're heavy
yeah they're they're very heavy my
goodness what are you gonna bake first
oh my good snickerdoodles oh my wow it's
so pretty
do you love it it's so pretty I love it
oh my goodness I can't wait I have a
mixer thank you so much Doug and Lisa I
love it
can't wait to bake something hello oh my
gosh now I'm gonna way too many cookies
and sweets
Kevin Maddie and Halle came up this past
weekend cuz he needed a grand fondo as
well and she and Holly decided to stay a
few extra days so me know we're on our
way to go see her and that cute little
baby so it should be really find worse
and go visit her for a little bit gather
house look he was like so cute like okay
she's like honestly David airing oh look
at that baby she's still so fresh no new
baby oh oh it's so crazy that three year
apart and this is me last year best
friend they are gonna be best friends is
that Holly she's your friend
hi baby either hi to Maddie
you want to film something oh my
goodness oh my goodness we're looking
for Tyler and Haley and steady sake
babe's like legit national commercial
good I like freaking out right now
oh my goodness
oh girl you look good look at that
family babe
a Walmart freaking Walmart commercial
what is life
guys this has been the best like five
minutes in television history we just
saw gaben babe Gabe and Chad on their
commercial which was amazing perfect I
had seen some photos of it and now just
watching it pop up
Jenna's freaking out as you guys saw I'm
so good and then Tyler sends me like I
tweeted out that I'm looking for Tyler
he's at the home Home Run Derby right
now I want to show you the picture he
just tweeted me we're like searching
frantically for him while watching this
right now
knows pretty pumped he's like thanks to
your boy Rizzo Tyler just got that
homerun ball at the Home Run Derby
we're not even a couple minutes into it
first guy at bat a Cubs player that I
like that's amazing
plus he has a GoPro on his head so I
cannot wait to see if he captured that
because Wow incredible okay we think we
got the moment here it is it's coming in
Tyler right there with the hat I just
sent it here
yeah I sent him a picture ice that's got
head yeah that's gotta be him oh my god
there you are
that's amazing that is absolutely
amazing no it's getting hyped right now
clapping that was amazing Frazier just
tied it up with Prince Fielder Noah clap
yay whatever sports on he runs over here
and just starts clapping and cheering oh
we did tricks down do chase
he's like oh there's a Jake Oh Frasier
14 teller must be so happy that was
awesome oh no he's doing tricks and I
was doing tricks he started to do this
thing where he lays on the ground you
guys saw it at the house
and he does these tricks I eat that's
him showing off he was doing it to a
girl yesterday - I forgot - in the vlog
so this is the ending see you guys
tomorrow
see you tomorrow bye I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood it's like this
