good morning sweet world and preach it
uncle Portugal and you are watching this
image aboard
good morning sweet world I am exhausted
i slept in i think i got 10 hours of
sleep that's pretty good it's pretty
good for me we just got back from church
yo show us what you wore today Noah
let's see your fit you got your nice
little polo shirt on you got your jeans
oh look at those jordans during boy he
was chasing around this like two year
old girl today and she was terrified of
him just kept like hiding it was like ah
and he didn't even touch me just like
would walk up and smile and wave Oh
flirt we've a lot to do this week VidCon
is coming up I thought VidCon was in two
weeks now it's in like we're leaving in
nine days I think what's today what's
today the 12th I'm even know today is I
think today's the 12 that means we're
leaving in eight days so a week and one
day we've a lot to do here at home
before we go it's good to be home though
it's good to be back with my boo good to
be home love you I love you know was
happy to be back with all his toys just
wants to ride his little tricycle but
that will wait cuz it's not time happy
happy happy sunday we're playing tag he
was chasing me and I was hiding and it
was really funny you know how when
babies are like little babies and you
hide and they can't they don't know
where you went because it don't hasn't
clicked them that you're hiding under
that blanket or whatever well he's known
for a while that you're under the
blanket and it's so funny he like I
still had on her blanket anyway because
it's funny and he like just jumps on my
back or he'll try to like lift up the
blanket and it's really cute and now
he's trying to hide under it he doesn't
really get had to hide under it though
Sam is currently uploading he fell
asleep editing and was really tired so
we've been eating watermelon all day and
hang me out and napping and resting it's
been a good sunday what are you doing
what are you doing
all OH still comfy how big is Noah so
big oh oh oh oh my gosh in church today
we were sitting on our row and Noah
decides to like growl during like the
most quiet time in church and it was
hilarious he's like you know like when
he does that crazy growling sounds and
um everyone just turns around and looks
at us I'm like yep that's my kid just
growling like a monster good thing
you're cute are you reading a book
anyway I think we're going to go on a
little family walk after dinner this
afternoon lately when we have leftovers
like even just a little bit we bring day
on some just to keep them fed because
that boy eats a lot of ramen and crap
sometimes so here's some dog food it's
actually taco meat that's fine oh now
you do it look at you lil red suspender
clips kids on you i doona or now
go out for a little Sun they walk cuz
it's our fav seems taking note to the
sprinklers whoa misty run through it
goes good okay ready go you go first
like it he's already like what you go
first oh now I am what was that did you
get wet was that fine you think I want
to go again I'm ready for more dad
Noah's been sending out thanks for the
presents that he got for his birthday
with these little Polaroids it's pretty
cute
we took a fat stack of Polaroids on the
trip which is kind of different it's
kind of fun because we take a lot of
photos hundreds of photos thousands of
photos we never print them we have so
many pictures having the Polaroid it's
pretty fun just to have something
instant that we can hold on to and we
thought be fun that for today just share
some of our favorite memories from our
past trip so I'm gonna let Jen go first
because I'm the mainland camera okay so
one of my favorite parts of the trip was
when we went to the lake and I thought
those pictures really funny I was trying
to get one of Noah and he was just
staring at the drone and then the drone
flew right over his head when I was
about to take a picture and so it's
hilarious his face is just so funny so I
kept it and then how to get those little
babies together cuz they're super cute
they're all staring on the drone it's
kind of RC coz on the wrong setting but
this is at the roller skating rink you
really can't see that I know that is
definitely a highlight is it the only
picture we got from there I know and it
was on the wrong setting so my bad but I
had so much fun that night I think
everyone had fun that night it was a
good time good birthday party I must say
my inner eight-year-old came out here's
a picture of me and RV we actually
traded a picture so the one I actually
took on my camera she has and then she
gave me this one for my birthday we have
we created pictures of ourselves to each
other but we had so much fun I love that
girl we had book club every night and we
would read out loud to each other and it
was a lot of fun and I kind of hang out
together and then here's a picture of me
and olive sorry sister that girl she's
just a ball of sunshine that one then
here are nicer no nieces and nephew I
love these pictures they're so cute
one of the highlights for me definitely
was the baseball game this is one of my
favorite moments of the trip definitely
this is an all-time moment for me
because I've always dreamed about having
kids I always had to be cool to have a
boy although I cannot wait to have a
girl in our lives as well a little baby
girl would be really cool I love taking
noah to the baseball game there's a fun
moment Noah could feel the energy of the
crowd he was clapping he was cheering he
enjoyed it all just leaving this little
face look at this so cute this was quick
but I always loved going to Times Square
even though it's like the last place
that you're in New Yorker will not put
on a go because while the traffic but I
just had fun giving out tricks and
clothes I love the energy there I also
it's kind of getting weird that I love
to so yeah I love spending time with my
nieces and nephews is really fun shut up
at my ENFP it was good to see my sisters
who I don't get to see that often
they're great wonderful moms little
cuties except I'm younger than them
there's a little really like nine in
seven years see my mama look at that
picture yeah there's a lot of antics
towards the end that was fun I think the
ultimate highlight though was Jen's
birthday
this was good times it was fun to
celebrate we've had so many of Jen's
birthdays but my site had the family
which is kind of funny just kind of how
it's worked out there's definitely a
bunch of great memories made on that
trip that I think will remember forever
what do I do with them where do I hang
them up I know the fridge is gonna be
too full freezing looking you a string
and then have little clothes pins and
have them like hanging string somewhere
it's good to be back we've traveled a
lot lately it's good to get a little bit
of rest before we go to VidCon will be
talking about what we're doing at VidCon
I know we're going to see a lot of you
guys there we're leaving in a little bit
over a week so that's coming up fast
luckily it's a short distance so it
won't be that bad traveling we can't
wait though it's gonna be a lot of fun
gotta rest up added rest up everyone
keeps telling me to get sleep gotta go
to bed earlier and get good sleep
anyways hope you guys had fun today it
was just good relaxing kind of catching
our breath I got two vlogs up on this
day just kind of reviewing the trip
gents putting up hill roads on my
monitor right now look at Noah you is
such a cheap it's like three days old
there I like that there you go thanks me
yeah obviously is kissing yeah didn't
want to come kiss me yeah I better go
see you guys later thanks buddy anything
your email Garrett if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
