I'm critic let's do it here check I'm
eating a peanut and jelly sandwich right
now is to go go hey how you feeling good
it's not a Kim that is a camera in your
face you ready I'm not ready but is
anybody gonna make it happen but gonna
make it anyone needs me but my dream I
got something here got some extra ma we
traveled all day yesterday literally got
home at like nine something last night
and Noah decided to be a monster I'll
never play it's rough when you're so in
the middle and you just want to walk and
stuff I had my hopes up because he did
so well on our flight to New York but oh
my gosh you guys it was terrible I
almost ha I almost like started crying
on the airplane twice both flights we
had two flights yesterday and I was like
we both like okay it can't get worse
than the first one I can't get worse
than the first one and it was the same
maybe a little better so he slept for
like almost a whole first flight like
half of it maybe half hour that was
really good and then he woke up and just
was not happy and screamed 40 minutes
maybe I don't even know how long he was
screaming well then he finally stopped
because the fly thing that gave us some
apple juice which was really nice how do
you feel about airplanes and Sam had to
get ready for Gran Fondo today which is
happening right now he and the boys woke
up at like five none of them on this
team have trained except for Derek maybe
an errand a little bit but they can do
that they're all very athletic people
and I just hope he's doing well I just
don't want any of them to push
themselves too hard towards the get sick
you know
hydrated and then up in the hospital for
IV take a look daddy I love you good
luck daddy love you know okay hopefully
if you guys are seeing this video that
means he made it he's alive and well Oh
what's up well guys 18 miles in and my
bikes already broken there's a pet were
the pedals screwed on right there it's
like completely stripped so I don't know
if I'm done for the day I'm feeling good
so far I might take Carl's bike and
finish it out but as of right now I am a
fan I'm out of service dude my freaking
bike broke oh yeah Sam's bike broke
already Sam's lucky i wish mymy could
break i'm riding too hard guess there's
the damage some swapping bikes my day is
not over being caravan to the crew right
now i think they're probably like maybe
a mile ahead of us so I'm not that far
community okay yo we're about I'm good
sunglasses dins got the quadcopter out
like a boss I'd say we're about the
third the way there there's moments
where I've felt that already and we got
a long way to go but dude it's meant I
so much of this is mental like staying
with the team mentally numbing is
usually down there I wasn't gonna say
that but you get a good song go in you
stick with the team it's tough though I
should have trained more for this but
having fun so far and hopefully we can
continue to go and keep our face are you
at
getting some footage for you
all guys I'm a wimp I started cramping
up hopped in the trunk for a little bit
see if I can get a little bit more
hydrated because my body my wanks in
particular okay okay okay update time I
was kind of worrying about Sam because I
haven't heard from him today and I was
trying to get ahold of like brie and
Colette and trying to figure out one to
go to the finish line and how everyone
was doing so Sam I finally just texted
Sam's i don't know like bother my
thought you might like text me by text
i'm asking how he was and he said that
his leg started cramping really really
really bad at mile 60 so he's sitting in
the truck right now resting a little bit
seeing if his legs will kind of uncraft
a bit and then he'll probably do like 10
more miles he said and right into the
finish line so hopefully everyone else's
hopefully they're all doing well it's
like oh no are you okay so I was like so
worried that someone's gonna get like
just be dehydrated or something crazy
would happen I'm glad he's okay it's a
lot you guys 6 100 miles 100 miles on a
bike it's just crazy so I'm so proud of
them seriously because for none of them
like training a lot for this they're
doing amazing and I can't wait to see
them cross the finish line so I'm gonna
figure out how far they are and how when
when we need to be there cuz I want to
make sure I don't miss that big day
everyone's will be really tired tonight
and tomorrow hopefully everyone's okay
is it good luck daddy I love you
love you dad we're going on a little car
ride before we go watch dad cross the
finish line get this kid outside for a
bit I think he forgot that he had this
toy because he's in love with it all
over again lieutenant Oh bless you bless
you whoa I'm gonna put this boy down for
another nap his morning nap was like two
hours Sam got bad cramps Bobby started
to call out to see one like we think
they'll finish and probably not until
like about 3 30 or four cuz she says
that they've got that they're really
struggling is what Laura says it's like
I'm being all those feelings that he
gets when he sees me run a race and
seeing him finish that cross this finish
line later I'm gonna just I'm probably
gonna cry to be honest I probably get a
little emotional I'm go have a nap go
rest a little bit before we go to see
daddy for watching muppets
okay guys we just made it down hopefully
we're going to the right place i'm not
sure where the finish line is this year
so we're gonna have to go try and find
it we just parked we got by the finish
line waiting for everyone to come pretty
barren though I love you both counting
money behold a wild Ellie and Jared I
see the guy coming they're coming Gavin
said you saw change truck you saw the
truck I've got Sam on my face hopefully
they'll be here soon Ellie and Jared
just showed up to they've been down here
waiting in the water yeah Jackson just
got wet hilarious did they come on I'm
so exciting I think she took brought to
the bathroom Rita this is about the same
marathon cars defeated the 52 years ago
I can't believe that can't believe guy
like every day when I didn't look when i
was at agnes right I don't remember when
I did this while oh I'm your bed let's
go little bit of pee my pants
we had to give an award out to a tricks
and crew member today it would go to Ron
he's absolutely killed it and then with
three miles to go
buycott bike tire was popped oh my gosh
oh my goodness how you feel no creams up
so that was a bad I cramped up terribly
like beer on NBA Finals you're like
shaking let's see your hands guys are
you showed up and you did it you did it
I'm so proud of you guys yeah I got Sam
you I got fam written on it sorry to
have enough a sweet you guys thank you
thanks yeah is this gonna happen next
year we need to train oh my gosh that's
guys
honestly that work especially Ron yeah
oh my gosh who Shay gosh they did the
entire things out stopping no no they
were spun you know by me like getting in
the car how many get prepped over this
ya think I'm so proud of you hi you guys
bums feel I can't feel it rain every one
of you give a medal did you do the race
too no way you slept half the day
literally I was like sitting on the
couch like man I'm eating like candy and
they're riding a hundred miles he did he
slipped in a lot and then he took a two
hour nap and then took another hour nap
missed you guys I'm so proud of you my
motivation when I wanted to give up even
earlier than I got my chris house
there's one for eons caught me and i was
like huh I've been like nervous so I do
all day I like I'm like shaking nervous
and your mom's been texting me like
how's everyone doing look at that you
look great babe this guy's been wanting
to feed himself with his spoon or fork
more often like if it's just laying
there he wants to pick it up and feed
himself and it's so cute let's see if I
can try to film him he's your friend
yeah if it's there who wants to use it
I'd have to help him all its ok let's
see go for buddy go for it easier if he
has a fork yeah then he can like pocono
whoo so the bike race is over I'm a
little exhausted we were literally on
planes and restricting Noah all day
yesterday which may not seem that tiring
but it's actually one of the most
mentally challenging things ever like
you just have to mentally conquer flying
and realize that this plane ride will
end because this dude I mean this is why
we love him he's a he's a fun social
baby he loves moving he loves doing
things he loves playing he loves talking
to people that's why we love them
dude how you feeling like dad oh oh I
feel like Shawn Michaels is in my thigh
right now Sweet Chin Music me Sweet Chin
Music me very slowly for the pain is
like corrupting as I feel like I
have something up my but I don't like I
feel like my legs are sore yeah to my
fingers are still numb I'm wasn't
feeling like that gross but now I am so
let's go aight what you guys get for
your post race meal ooh texas roadhouse
we also got 16 rolls and honey butter
just medial tastes absolutely delicious
it's usually tastes amazing tanner I'm
when Tampa looks good everyone's food
looks really good heaven heaven hi you
guys butts feel um it's felt better brah
haha it's not as bad as it could be
mm-hmm but it's not like a good deal you
guys used to define shaping come on
uh-huh no I felt great I fell out of a
jib honestly I didn't uses much my
handler which is y ou are going engine
oh I guess I should talk
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood whoo
two logs in one day we'll be back to one
blog a day after this one oh man it's
been a fun 48 hours oh wait now it's
been 72 it's been a fun 72 hours
