good morning sweet world I'm marina from
New Zealand and you're watching what
else it is bel-air no let me show you
this potato potato what's up everybody
this is MTV Cribs I live in a forest
edition let's get to it let's check out
the house coming in we are leaving today
going back to Utah so I wanna Devia is a
quick very very very quick crash story
there's olive coming down the stairs
with the gradient blues very nice my
favorite thing about the house I think
it might be the lights in every room I'm
gonna show you the light real quick cuz
they're really cool let's get to it did
it ten ten ten ten ten ten living room
awesome
g4 great or glass this is the craft room
Oh double barn doors both sides sliding
open Noah loves us got the Harry Potter
books and other books colored assorted
very nice this is where you can come
relax and do what crafts there you go I
was with Christy
so is Jen when she got this in Illinois
you got your plethora of yarn which is
overseen by mrs. alpaca
you're gonna get an alpaca one day you
come over here you can see that we can
see outside we'll go out there soon
you're sliding around here tell us more
okay we'll keep going going we're
missing the light fixtures we're missing
light Oh what else am I missing Noah the
fireplace you're right come over here
this is called the powder room surprise
that's it okay okay sitting on the
toilet oh they don't usually sit there's
a urine bumped pipe OOP surprise yeah
but yeah it's nice a lot of floral
design this powder room you can peek out
if you want look at everyone when you
open these the light turns on that's
cool this is what do we call this the
mud room
the river and puts their shoes pantry
food somewhere went your closets oh
right
that's a mason jar or something hello it
does kind of smell like poop that's what
I thought too
okay we'll find that we'll get to the
bottom of that i'ma live this is you
guys are spies for your livings right so
you guys do that's I thought spies never
admit that they're spies
got the blue kitchen light fixture light
fixture that's mine
got some food nice oven we got oh those
handcuffs and need your spice come on
over here we got the computer to edit
and watch the vlogs on Oh spy spy nice
stink
we're two minutes past time that means
we cool like I just ran down those steps
over here you have the chalk wall it
says welcome family there's a bunch of
different names on it new family coming
in we were on there before there's a
light on here that usually up yep
triggers on cool wallpaper this is where
we were staying the fun room I don't
think it smells like poo as much anymore
Ezra knows that good times closet
that's what's this guy's name you got
there big runner fans big runner fans
professional runners this is their
favorite runner right here his name is
Jess own Galassi a they've been to some
of his races collected his medals 10 so
far we're gonna need a bigger wall I've
got the couch that is just like ours a
little bit more petite some sort of
animal is laying on the ground
TV cool come on over here we got no
other ones to get you back in the action
this is the inflatable bed that is
sitting here stoop with games oh this is
when the family got a picture with jesse
own glass a the famous runner no mascara
what do you call this diner booth this
is someone's room cool nice room very
nice reclaimed wood oh I'm forgetting to
do the lights I know a lot of you guys
were wondering since this is in the
forest yes running water hello are you a
spy yes forgot to mention this is the
leaf room phillipe room i don't know i
just named it oh yeah cool lights secret
safe to store all the spy stuff going
upstairs look at that light that's a big
light oh the lights on you know in the
real world episodes reverence sits and
talks on the phone this is actually the
real world forest house that's where
they sit and talk on the phone under the
draft is where all the gossip goes down
Wow
I've never been in this bathroom it's
nice cool stuff here's a room there's
another room cool room look at that
light that's nice Oh turn it on got him
here's another room cool right another
room oh this is your room anything you
want to say about you're in another room
another room would bathroom I think
there's a naked picture of Jeff see um
can I say this is the outside one of the
coolest parts of the house all the
rocking chairs we got a game table a
place where you can eat this beautiful
balcony huge balcony there's actually
another balcony upstairs and one of the
bedrooms as well it's really fun just
sitting here spending time together it
goes all the way around there's tons of
different ways to access it got like a
little pond over there let's throw that
tree frogs and
Bulls are you got the zip line that was
a hit cool there you go
today will be epic we're about to head
off to the airport we are getting back I
have my hundred mile race tomorrow
yeah I'm not ready for it I don't think
anyone's ready for it we will do this
together but some to fly which is a
whole nother battle hoping that Noah is
good today it's a long travel day so you
know a little babies they're gonna be
babies but hopefully everything goes
well
goodbye Darby see you on the interwebs
good bye ENFP see you on the interwebs
yeah
Instagram something in it well you'll
just have to use your spy one spies
never admit their spies
say goodbye give kisses it's like I've
been in the car this old dam we've
arrived at the airport it's nice it's
like really quiet it's feels like it's
new there's ceramic art cute babies we
have a long travel day ahead of us
though so we're gonna get some food if I
race tomorrow - I need to stay hydrated
which means I'm probably peeing on the
plane all day just like the last thing I
don't watch you okay mr. feed yourself
with the fork
maybe this phase right now
mmm doing it all today pushing the
stroller to 2,000 years late we made it
back home we made it safely it was a
crazy couple flights I think we were on
a plane for about seven hours today I
have my hundred mile bike race in about
six hours
so I need to go to bed get as much rest
as I can as possible we're gonna talk
about the trip on Sunday kind of talk
about everything memories Polaroids and
things like that but I need to get some
sleep so I'll see you guys tomorrow
hopefully we all survive
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood so tell me I post in the
comments what I should do
I mean J like eat or something like that
my house potato
