HIPPA give anything nice you want to say
it to genic on her birthday
what do you want to say local it's
Jenny's birthday we're gonna go get her
some donuts
let's go buddy happy birthday come have
some breakfast
yeah
happy birthday yeah I got lots of pink
Donuts does anyone like pink Donuts
there's chocolate too there's a lot of
chocolate
what is that Butterfinger yeah that's
Chips Ahoy well it's my 24th birthday
I'm officially 24 and does it feel much
different than 23 but I've been spoiled
rotten already Sam bought me a wedding
band and gave that to me last night
which was the sweetest single a whole
world I was telling him all made before
I like our fifth anniversary because I
had originally not picked out a wedding
band to go with my ring because I kind
of liked it without one but I was like
oh you know I kind of do want one cuz
people were out I got a bag because
people were always asking me if I was
engaged on the stuff and I was like I
just want a wedding band and so he
surprised me and got me one last night
or gave it to me last night at midnight
when I first turned 24 and it was so
sweet and I just wanted to cry it was so
fun and I woke up this morning I got to
sleep in until 10 o'clock high there's
Noah so I had birthday breakfast
doughnuts and then Sam and I are gonna
go to have birthday lunch just as well
no a nap and then tonight I think we're
all gonna go have dinner together at a
cute little diner it's been a really fun
day so far it's only just the beginning
and I've gotten so many homemade
birthday cards too at birthday calls all
my family has called me so that's fun to
see happy birthday mom I guess Noah just
clobbered and tackled his cousin Abe and
I missed it it was hilarious
it was a fake down for a for Abe
he's terrified of Noah whenever Noah's
like coming he runs away and it's so
funny it was a take down this is what
I'm eating today potato salad in the
sandwich sorry thing I kind of
Dulli your camera again uh-oh
Booya I can't think of too good I'd
rather how much way can you see yourself
in there
I just thought Flemming good night with
slowness and and guess what I want a
level up I have two teachers a girl and
a boy um he wants me to join a swim team
all those grandfather was calculus one
gene it's in our blood
all of this feelings goodbye really tall
don't do that
you're gonna die no one's doing ladders
right now getting that Fitness in dude
you're supposed to do lighters a little
bit faster than that I think Noah's
going to do great at Scout camp one day
are you gonna be an Eagle Scout awesome
garlic red spots crazy it's cool because
it has red spots don't let no one touch
it don't let no touch it we're going on
a date a birthday baby we're going to
lunch and I'm so excited just the two of
us and no baby he's napping and I'm
really excited to spend time with my boo
thing so we originally thought we were
going to get sushi for lunch today but
every sushi place here closes
and it's kind of later in the day so
we're trying something else is said
we're going to the Bistro birthday lunch
with the birthday girl except she keeps
going I think there's a bug on me I've
got like 20 bug bites I'm about to dive
into that lemonade so delicious I turned
the camera off for one second and
there's a lady that just fell next to us
that keeps people keep falling next to
us ten seriously hi Ivan I saw the past
three bollocks there's been some
embezzling like right as a cheering up
the cameras this place is super cute
though it's like a little Bistro whole
tavern
this is off the top of this menu it's a
little fried artichoke Oh
Jen's taking a bite
I've got okay so I got the local prime
rib French Dip sandwich with some wasabi
aioli
let's try the tasty same same top - and
I got some crispy fish tacos and this
stuff on the time guy that comes on the
side gotta go watch that ooh
Chuck Taylors proposal video - Hayley
was incredible - jerker one of them may
be the best video I've ever seen I need
- honestly you have to go watch it guys
I'll put a link in the description can't
wait to be a part of that wedding and
stand there to celebrate Tyler and
Hayley on that day cuz they deserve
everything in the world
look at this yeah the one that says mom
/ Jenica okay
oh yeah you see well that's why we're
opening in that because she ran out of
that's good fun any book this whole trip
cuz I was just telling Lisa that I've
been buying seven dollar books so have
bought any favorite Oh Jenna just said
that she ran out of Polaroid film so I
was like oh let's open up the present
that I got you because as you saw at
Polaroid film in it and you gotta have
some Polaroid film on your birthday or
else you can't take any pictures on your
Polaroid we're now going to a birthday
dinner together we've decided to go to a
diner that we saw the other night and it
seats us all so we can all have a good
time
Steve
think about the phones
bring the diner Jen's birthday dinner
Noah is coloring for the first time this
is the first that's ever happened
I'll live just wrote a beautiful card to
Jen and her menu thing what does it say
what does it say Oh Jenica you are a
flower raise a girl starting a new BD o
to you a good age if I told you can't
risk you thank you feeling me oh we're
all gonna say a nice thing about Jenica
tonight okay he's the best the best mom
she's always happy also oh oh
there was max really hard she has so
many great things about her she's really
nice she's like super nice and she
always wants to have a fun time of
everything anything you want to say nice
by Jenica HIPPA give anything nice you
want to say it to Jenica on her birthday
what do you want to say hey happy
birthday
what do you like about Jenica is she
pretty do anything you wanna say I don't
work I'm terrible
Jenica is all rainy of sunshine she's
always smiling and making people feel
good just positive and loving love you
oh yeah you're good what Oh a mixer oh
wow oh no way Circle
yeah
Oh
there's an another kazi's see happy
birthday mom
hope you had a good birthday he really
was the best birthday present I ever got
though what wasn't quite on your
birthday but I'll wait two weeks later
only ones pretty close I got oriental
paid ice cream cake for Jen because 42
she loves the Oreos
ah
ha
well I love Jennifer just because well
one reason I bought one thing how much
she loves you she's so good to me and
she lets us talk calmly talk to me
sometimes I suppose so much really great
about that whopper very understandable
but a greater level tolerance
nepeta friendship like what I like what
catches please be nice
and book club conditionally and she
doesn't take issue with all of my
personality perks I just missed the best
thing to film it whatever Sam
withholding his mom and spinning with
and it was so fun
that's funny definitely in my remember
me now nobody is hoon drawing pictures
oh I know this is my last birthday
present from Darby I saw this on the
vlog and I said I wanted it and she seen
it too is that it's so amazing I like it
a lot
I'm gonna hang it up under nillas maybe
above millas oh my god is right I love
the colors you chose so good it's the
mall stuff I like that you're Davey mix
those colors oh yes only gives us like
all the primary colors like green yeah I
mean that yellow track that was like
orange
there are many things that I love about
Jenica I'll share one of them what wait
this is our 6th birthday of yours
together six birthdays believe that you
get absolutely late-night rupees that is
insane to me because it's gone by so
fast one thing that I love about Jenica
that a lot of people have mentioned is
that she's super loving she loves
everyone there's not a bone in her body
that I have found that's mean like that
she's the purest loving person I've ever
met in my life actually moments know
stuff like there should be whatever she
really doesn't she's the best she's so
easy to love she's my best friend
I love her so hope you had a good
birthday I had the best birthday here's
the many many many more mm-hmm see us
tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood okay half store
tomorrow before we leave we're flying
back home we're going to go through all
these different Polaroid's we took two
just to kind of summarize how the trips
been yeah it's been so fun fun
