good morning sweet world my bags are
almost packed and I'm leaving today so
I'll see you on 18 months I love you see
I'm like a family guy bye what's up guys
it's almost midnight and Jenna's
birthday and I decided that I'm going to
give her a present tonight she wants a
present at midnight so for a long time
I've been thinking about what I should
get her for her birthday and that's when
I decided to get her this a wedding band
Jen constantly says to me what did you
say to me when you proposed could we
just want to relive it
I just want lived that moment because it
was such a fun one for both of us and
she's also recently said that she wanted
a wedding band when we first got engaged
she didn't want one she just wanted an
engagement ring so I was like fine with
that you know whatever you want but
recently she said she wants one so it's
your birthday happy 18th birthday 18
because I post an Instagram photo wait
do you want your first birthday present
damn in midnight okay it's outside yeah
I told you I say things but first
birthday present outside is it it just
Jen
we've been looking at the bird oh yeah
this is what we did all morning yeah
he's very amused almost concerned for
him and kind of like I know we sat there
for like an hour
me watch the bird fly in and out of its
nest no one where's the bird where is he
he never calls me guys I mean sometimes
he does and there were times he does
sometimes we get on camera
this never happens this chill mode never
but he's so into that bird there's a
nest up there that he keeps watching the
bird fly out of yeah he goes Wow whoa
Wow
the bird bird let's call him ready call
the bird do the birch ball so cute so
cute get over it wow wow you're telling
dad wow thank you yeah there's a bird up
there if you talked so much and his like
baby talk I can't wait to hear the real
words that come out of his mouth and
last night he kept sleep talking did he
go
hover yeah I don't remember that I
remember he woke up crying gosh it's so
funny
the past three weeks we have been living
in three different time zones and then
in another two weeks we'll be in another
time zone that we haven't been in it's
been crazy traveling but Noah has been
absolutely amazing and we felt bad
because the past couple days we've been
out Noah's been going to bed kind of
late he doesn't get his naps so we
decided to stay back while the rest of
family went swimming today
and let Noah get a good nap because it
had been far too long that's just unfair
to have to always like sleep him
car we wanted to have him get a good nap
especially because we'll be traveling
again pretty soon you can't stop look
ahead okay we're having a competition to
see who can drink the water that passes
but first we help no you ready here are
the rules
drink the water and throw up as soon as
we choose we drink
Ready Set Ready Set choose I can't read
night either way we're both ENFP and
that's all that matters that's her
we're getting ready her birthday is
actually tomorrow this is a pre-party
free birthday party you ready ready
ready you ready to skate
ready ready ready ready nose ready oh
I'm about to go over oh no you haven't
some pizza
my Grammy guys these guys just aren't
ready to skate soon
so I'm sweating so a lot of this is our
first time skating not my first time I
played a lot of roller hockey going up
the street but Daphne first time doing
good girl
thanks mom
we're playing the dice game which is
basically four corners at number five
hopefully they don't provide
not three not three
we've been eliminated but Jack is still
alive gentle eyes
you are a group oh hey Jenna Jenna
whatever you want whenever you want to a
little - Jen wins meanwhile no I just
wants to play basketball
a really good uncle
more
are they on
this one's for you
I'm gonna push it you can push it push
it push it push it push it
without forgetting you can do that
sometime between now at 8:30
once again we lose that we have one more
person
cowboy
is that funny
it's your birthday happy 18th birthday
someone said WTF is general 18 because I
post an Instagram photo wait do you want
your first birthday present them in
midnight okay it's outside yeah I told
you
and first birthday prisons outside it's
in it just yet
anything you believe L can treat if you
choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
