a little cottage pink oh hello you walk
in and there's the lovely Bette oh my
gosh I wish you guys could see this in
real life
all right get down good morning sweet
world and welcome to today's for say
California here we come right back where
I started from
Oh Golden Gate cell afford you here I
come
hey what song did you learn at school
today
yeah how does the color song go Oh what
about the next part
why was it about yellow why why II
oh man oh-ho I mean to zoom into my soul
Noah had school today and I think school
is one of his favorite parts and he
learned to color song and he was singing
it perfectly when we started the drive
he started spelling some of the colors
and we were like you know how to spell
colors just stop for some snacks got
done some tex-mex she wanted guard
Eddowes but they only had like Italian
blend sorry babe I'm trying this what is
this chex mix danger really freaking hot
I bet they're not even that hot Noah
loves honey roasted peanuts as you guys
have seen in previous travel vlogs
we got him some of that got some of
these for later and we just don't want
that get Stan out they looked
interesting I want a good track and PJ
was asleep but she just woke up
so Jenna's going inside to pick her a
snack as well we have like an hour hour
and a half more of a drive you know what
I do it up this is the view from Noah's
seat what's up too close so you gotta
hold it out further
haha Wow well these are actually hot
this surprised me I feel I thought I'd
tried these before no these are actually
spicy hey guys the back just a little
bit trying to get kids out of costumes
because you know it's too stuffy it's
Halloween they live in their costumes
and we might have gotten half off
costumes because they play dress-up
every single day
they've worn all the customs we haven't
gotten them almost every single day this
month so my cats whatever it's an
investment anyone you know you always
come wearing gentle asses I really don't
need it anymore it was super sunny the
glitz and the glam Coachella we're
driving through Coachella right now is
this the same place is this really how
India to give the people I think so I
mean there's nothing but nothing so I
think I think this is where Coachella is
probably show us how in the distance of
nowhere
check this out
I'm sure lots of people stay at this
casino I just can't have no IDs you know
there's really nothing out here which is
probably why they do it out here there's
no one to disturb
anyway we're about an hour and a half
out from my dad's house so getting
closer thank goodness we're not going
all the way to Anaheim this time I'm
free know what make it he's like all
right like when is gonna be in there
because
and then I'm leaving super early in the
morning time tomorrow like 5:00 a.m. to
head up to Yosemite for a destination
wedding from Raquel's wedding yes you
can still advance so she really thought
I'm going to try to someone such as I
can I probably won't get the footage to
see them until I get home because
there's like no service up there like
literally it's a different wedding there
going on like I got there do it like it
hike a barbecue today for like a brunch
then hike the day after the wedding the
wedding supposed to be outside like the
forest just be a girls trip with my mom
which was really fun we've never done
this before we've never done like a
girl's trip like this
so that should be really fun hopefully
oh wait I mean it's pretty long drive
but we'll make it driving or driving
into a shadow monster we're driving into
the show
it looks way scarier in her life hello
you guys were such good travelers did we
make it to grandpa's
okay ready come here oh oh it looks so
inviting let's go let's just come back
for this stuff and go inside and eat
we're starving you're starving too buddy
and it's like chilly here just kinda
nice look at the fall decorations hugs
it's almost 10 a.m.
my children are 10 p.m. children find me
in bed still sleeping Sam's a good
husband that he's playing with them and
I'm drinking this is my favorite thing
when they come home I have my dad's make
me Monday
who likes my pears my day so good yeah
it's so bad does it make me look more
ethnic or Hispanic who wants to pet it
yeah no one No
so check this out so my cat clay will we
scratch him like this under my chin and
so now I do it two minutes no wonder he
loves it so much I've got I got about
two no because my mom is picking me up 5
a.m. so we can drive to the forest of
nowhere why did my dad made popcorn too
every time I come here I'm happy to see
that this dog is Tyler hello honey bunny
can't see me she doesn't it presents
sleep well honey bunny many people might
not know this but my stepmother
rescues dogs better
I only have a few years left to live
they're usually like deaf and blind and
just short three of them the best last
year of their life well honey bunny has
survived five seven like a lot well and
grew than they ever thought she would
survive that's what yeah that's what
happens when you give something a bit at
home but no it's really great it's
really great well she is outlived like
all the other dogs that they have had no
I will stop it but it's not great my
stepmom is gray and refuse stinky old
dog newsletter
you need a home anyway you're very
attached honey bunny but cheese she just
lays there all day it's 60 degrees
outside Jen's freezing shiver anything
knows that I'm chef working out there
it's so cold and you're going to the
snow frozen tundra of the mountains it's
not snowing yet and you're update us on
Aer movie what's the next steps you
commit yourself I start editing tomorrow
and that's what I meant
um if you guys ever need a ride anywhere
in California
hop on uber and request Andrew he can be
a river driver luckily we're also
relieving a computer everything so he
can edit but come back in one piece
yeah that's all I gotta say we set up a
camera inside a computer to watch him
and make sure he's like on track yeah
awesome strip I'm also tracking all of
your keystrokes think of me if you if
you won the World Series would you think
of me when you want if you wanted Mrs
America would you think of me as he won
would you propose to me what's like
what's your biggest life goal that would
just make your life complete if you
could just accomplish anything like
winning a World Series they will you
think of me when you win an Oscar you're
the first person I think
