hey my name is Jake and I have been ass
Amika fan since six thousand subscribers
and you are watching samokov vlogs enjoy
good morning yeah we just look up in New
York City it's crazy that were in New
York right now that we've traveled all
day yesterday and now we're in another
city across the country it's pretty cool
that you can just hop on an airplane and
be somewhere completely different we're
just hanging out this morning no
discovered this leap pad and he's
obsessed with our laptop so I thought
you might like it and he's obsessed with
it he keeps dancing he was dancing to
the ABCs I think he's having way too
much fun with his cousin's toys anyway
today oh really today we are going
ringing it huh I'm so a little tuckered
today we're gonna go to a cubs Yankees
game comes Yankees game and when she can
go with us so that should be even more
fun and then I think we'll go see Times
Square maybe going to take no time
square I don't really know then tonight
our brother-in-law Jason's gonna come
get us and drive us out to their country
on so we're really excited to be really
fun your fun day I know gray said all of
you guys do this growing up I remembered
taking my like dad's old really old
laptop or my mom's really rural laptop
and pretending to type on it like I love
pretending I had a laptop so
that gave and now babies like to pretend
baby laptops j k l m n o P Q why risk
you can't break the toy you gotta play
with the toy my goodness you can't sit
on it you just have to sit here and play
it I might have to hide that toy if you
tries to breach it good morning sweet
New York today is going to be a fun day
we're about to take off go to the
baseball game and to do a clothing drop
and gonna reunite with my family can't
wait i just took a sweet picture up here
go check it out in the tricks in
Instagram behind the scenes I took the
Hat threw it up and took a picture hey
your first baseball game excited the day
of firsts your first subway ride you
still holding on to your hat hold on to
it
obsession so we decided to bring no with
us to the game working a lot of babies
that are initially because that we chose
seats that were kind of further up and
away from everyone so we can kind of get
up and move because I don't want to be
that guy I'm really excited for no to go
to his first baseball game especially
because the Cubs are playing which is
awesome the timing worked out amazingly
I get to see my cubbies play and I've
never been to Citi Field I'm really
excited about this
yes a relatively hughes stadium I've
heard a lot about the food that tears
I'm actually excited to eat that too
I think there's a shake shack here so i
might have to get that I know Jen's not
the biggest shake shake man i'm the only
one on the plant
I literally just thought to see
and I got it so we're going to have an
easy out we're up top surbhi right now
laptop i was thinking like up there by
like this war
right whoa right here maybe we can put
our stroller and no
behind us so
Oh
just got myself some sugared
jen has never witnessed the Cubs winning
we've been to many games that we build
together but they never have one and
they always want with me so maybe Noah
is the good luck charm because it's six
to one right now
just got out number two we got one more
out baby
and
is the game sweat
mix the motion from the ground because
we didn't we won you came to New York
saw the game Citi Field it was amazing
things are coming with me Noah and mom
how's your first baseball game kisses oh
thank you hug or Darby hey what are we
doing do you know chicks and clothing
drop holla kind of a nerdy tourists I
actually love Times Square
I just love how bright it is all the
screens
what do you want even the creepy very
people breads
it's for dejan oh and new turtle ring
breads
no I was just staring at all the lights
and billboards he's like what the heck
is going on there's so much to look at
you
three times square Hey look
where are we buddy
we chose from the look at
we're waiting for people to show up to
get tricks and stuff I literally just
posted a little
so we'll see if anyone is in the area
it's get some free stuff oh my gosh so
we you can choose a hat brochure
with
yeah and who is your next
she was here next day okay you want to
shoot her a hat
I
okay I'm gonna get a picture okay these
girls got their stuff yeah looks good
yeah look at that was like two minutes
three minutes she got her shirt and hat
hat everyone got their stuff okay we're
gonna take a big guys we just gave out
probably 12 to 15 shirts five or six
hats here in Times Square as soon as I
wasn't the picture there was a ton of
people here it's been a bit fun meeting
everyone i wish i had more sizes i wish
i had a bigger suitcase but what's you
guys's names again Emily in what was it
yeah Kiara Oh Giada I speak Spanish kind
of cookie dough someone said my Spanish
sounds like buzz lightyears speaking
Spanish did you say that wait did you
comment that oh I was going to say small
world if that was really you anyways got
a lot of fun here love x squared
waiting on the side of the road of the
motab the Mormon Tabernacle Choir as
they get ready to perform at carnegie
hall tonight I'm elated to someone in
this choir and I knew they were staying
over here right now are they on the
street right now yeah yeah yeah I think
their father ah cool como tap otay the
party
that would be so tiring
even maybe a visa I've been hot all day
oh hello hello hello hello hello hello
it's baby a bee and baby no were cousins
cousins reunited know where are we where
r leave from see the country in one day
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood it's
okay wow you totally want to do this
right now
