good morning sweet world I'm bringing
from Adelaide Australia and you're
watching soccer vlogs peace welcome to
me I'm telling I'm telling Pippa
we made it after an entire day of
traveling we made it to New York City
waiting we finally made it oh my gosh
i'm so tired but I must say no I did
like 10 times better hey then he did you
okay though oh yeah she said there's a
pretty gosh that's broken we're
currently at Sam sister's apartment in
New York and we woke up this morning
bright and early in Salt Lake City we're
very exhausted got to the airport
thought we'd left behind the little iPad
which we're going to do some experiments
flying with turns out is actually in my
backpack absolute lifesaver on the plane
no actually enjoyed just staring at yo
gabba gabba so that was kind of cool
made it to chicago and went and got
chicago style food I got a chicago-style
hot dog some fries a coke for MJ Jen got
a falafel
falafel sandwich it was delicious I also
laughed naf naf is better I also left at
a sign that said something about you
know basically don't get ketchup not in
this town
then we hopped on another plane the
first flight actually went pretty well
it went pretty good really well yeah
Noah fell asleep towards the end the guy
that sat next to us he's like man our
row is hilarious we just I looked over
and you were sleep and Jen buried in at
jen's name it she was asleep and the
baby was asleep when we all just like
knocked out I was like all that should
be an ad for Southwest or something and
then the second flight was not bad
either this is so much better flying
than the last time and I think it's
because I told all my siblings I was
like yo pray for us oh the more he flies
the more he's like gonna get used to it
it's not gonna be like some crazy thing
to be on an airplane you know no it did
seem more used to fine although I do
calculate that I think this is his 14th
maybe 15 flight lights went well it was
the fastest I've ever gotten here even
with this little dude who's now
exploring and enjoying the Big Apple
first time in here you playing with your
cousin's toys I'm telling I'm telling
Pippa Mountain the streets of New York
now in search of Casey nice dad
that's what happens when you come to New
York and you start vlogging you enter kc
nights at the blogging world and also my
sisters cuz she blogs no one let's go
get some food let's go get some food
many people have already come up to know
him in like what's up big guy so he's
like the cool kid of new york already
want to have a new york night eating new
york pizza a coca-cola just relaxing
right here you guys ready for this view
it's beautiful all you ready
sure it's not every night you can sit
with someone you love and have this view
and while eating pizza look at how
amazing is that Noah you won't even
remember this we got a couple different
slices of pizza let's Noah's Jen's then
I got these two to try Jen's allowed to
need off of mine to look at that cook a
coal in the glass bottle living right
couple goals the cool part can live
like jungle dinner Jen just brought up a
good point she pointed out like the
playground over there and mentioned that
had we decided to move here she'd
probably taken over there all the time
we probably like hang out here it'd be
like where we go for dinner sometimes
you know I'm not really a sweet person
though
it's to foreign to me to foreign yeah
you're glad we made the decision we made
yeah I mean it would be fun but I don't
know if I could like make it permanent
it'd be a big adjustment content
noses people watching there's a lot to
look at well that your predict yep this
is why I Love New York I'm trying to
focus that guy has a parrot on his
shoulder dress whoa to what do you think
of this place to the concrete m pina
pepsi-cola sign right there so literally
the day that I had my job interview it's
kind of windy so I need a shield it I
came down here had a burger SAT here
looked at the city and then walked to
the gentleman building which is like
over there and had my interview and I
was wearing a shirt and tie and just
sweating actually no I went back and
changed but i was still sweating there
they go my love's right there
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you yeah morrow thanks Melissa
teen yes we do let's go home I know even
explored that's where I should be
training ran there with those people a
commercial will come at this point and
speaking of commercials our title what
do you want is a natural spring board
for selling the sponsors product it's
impossible ask a baby not to cry
it's just what a beautiful night I just
did a periscope they stabbed a couple
people up here look at this beautiful
Skylit city whatever i'm here at take it
for granted because i forget just how
amazing it is I feel like it's kind of
windy I just was going to say that i
love this city since i was a little kid
I was loved coming here for some reason
every time I come back I always love it
I love the people here I love just
trying to figure out what everyone's
doing with their lives here above the
energy right now it's about 1am and I
can just feel it in the city we have a
big day tomorrow we're trying to go to a
baseball game i'm also going to try and
do like a random clothing drop for
tricks in in the city so then i'll be
pretty fun i don't know if we'll have
time to do a meetup if we were to do one
it would be in the city because we're
gonna head out pretty soon
I'm just so happy over here it's crazy
to think that we almost lived here an
hour in a completely different place I
feel like how do we decided to live here
it would have worked out but sometimes
there's like various roads of success in
your life that you can take and right
now the one that we took it feels right
it feels like we made the right
decisions and we're having fun doing it
grateful for the opportunities that
we've had and it's nice to visit kind of
think about what could have been read if
you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
