good morning good morning again Noah and
waking up after your nap I took all the
decorations down this morning which is
kind of sad except for one lone Bloom
it's gonna like this wait I know I'm
gonna wait for it to play yeah all this
party stuff um everyone's leaving today
which is really sad probably won't see
you guys until Christmas time
Noah and yo girl okay same time comes
logging for Jenna gingka's I know she
probably won't Stu busy with but mom and
Haley so let's see if I can get some
footage hey guys so we are currently in
Old Navy before family leaves just
shopping because there's really good
sales my mama wanted to come and get set
for summer and then we're gonna go get
lunch and then they're taking my
driver's license finding stuff finding
stuff I don't find me miss you uncle
Matthew hi
love you he's not smiling at all doing
it that cups as big as your face go back
in ours like knows you're strong yeah
okay keeping your chicken Oh
you're gonna drink though a drink I
guess you're one now you're a big boy
huh
everyone's leaving you do-do-do-do-do-do
everyone's going bye-bye you so much say
bye-bye to everyone give them kisses
give kisses to everyone I can't do that
you go low oh okay you can it's been
such a fun weekend did you have fun
hailey I'm so glad you came
hailey held him on a second day of life
he was so tiny and she was crying so now
he's huge you know he's a big boy you're
huge wave bye-bye to them come give me a
hug hailey love you you're the best
thanks for coming mm-hmm so much fun
thing come and love you out of you drive
safe
I will thanks for coming
bye-bye bye-bye bye-bye love ya
hey this water table is coming in handy
isn't it yeah it is
I should refill it though because
they're like cutting down this plant or
something knows a little fort they're
getting rid of it a lot of plants so it
was filled with like leaves and stuff so
I had to go I had to clean it out and
get all new water and stuff but that's
okay whoa I think that's the fair thing
to do is just splash the water out whoa
Bobby okay yeah it's cold huh it's so
quiet with everyone gone it's kind of
sad and weird huh that's kind of sad I'm
weird Oh
keep pushing on the questionnaire hey
you stop
this car might be the best thing ever
invented so cool I just love that he can
stay up
he loves it I brought it inside and he
just loves sitting in it he just wants
you to push him around the house the
whole time we decided to take it out and
about huh oh you run along gasps buddy
look at the way he's sitting with his
arm out okay let's keep going obviously
I want to keep going his little arm
hanging out are you serious oh my gosh I
just took know around our complex in his
car and I'm like sweating it is so hot I
was gonna take him to the pool but his
eczema his rash on his belly is so bad
right now cuz chlorine just keeps making
it worse so I kinda wanna give his skin
a little bit of a break and not think we
have the sand side for the rest of the
day unless he wants to go outside but it
is like you walk out there it's a wall
of heat it's so quiet
it's like weird that everyone is gone
there's go really fast keep going keep
going keep going
hey take it outside each of you get one
cupcake each to cup good seats no not
true thank you that is not true your
mom's idea oh that's the worst one
they're like go
take it outside
no no that was like a punch and before
it's dirty again I was able to get my
driver's license renewed today which is
good another thing off the checklist
before all of our trips this summer and
Dena Sam's running a few errands I still
feel like I have like sugar coma from
this we could have had so much sugar in
so much fun okay this kid is becoming
even more obsessed with balls he's so
obsessed with his balls and his toys and
things it's so funny and so fun
I'm just personal inside now and just
hang out I'm so tired I'm like try not
to fall asleep you know cuz ya wouldn't
like you're the host everything's at
your house should I like make sure
what's okay having fun and then you eat
too much crap and too much sugar and I
am just exhausted
oh you poop a snow they love you Bubba
hi family I'm evening I'm gonna read a
message oh that's perfect for you
rowdy derivative from the friend you
ready I'm gonna read it to you okay and
then we'll get some ice cream in celle
oh okay you ready to do dog dad you read
some blue dog know what
come here bubby okay all right Larry
loved to jump and run races
-
anything your body they'll never eat if
you chew more soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good I'm
gonna be happy get that understood
get that understood
