that's a good Halloween color right
there okay I wouldn't give you balls and
pull with this I thought my Christmas
daddy's going to do it on me
oh okay I don't know what he's talking
about but okay happy Halloween happy
Halloween
hey happy Halloween boo boo let's go
cheating
Noah what day is it finally but what day
is today
oh no it's Halloween it's a Halloween is
a Halloween Oh Bryn says the wait is
officially over
happy Halloween everyone yeah it's fun
except for all you know the kids you
know a sugar and I'm being like cranky
the next day you know it's pretty fun no
I had a school party today
I'm about to go drop him off at school
and then come back and I'll do a little
workout with the baby any of it more
candy because I do our church party on
Saturday thought I'd have leftovers for
today but it's all gone
good news though simplifying liquid
starch so we can make slime when Noah
gets home from school today let's just
take the nap and makes fine with him
princess we need something about that
hair before tonight those are trash bags
Oh cookies yeah we just have to get an
egg
we need daddy to go get an egg okay dang
it I'm so mad there you go you're making
a mess okay first how is your Halloween
party how's school just fine
you said there was another Power Ranger
there what kind of power enjoys me
though a Mighty Morphin Power Ranger
with a morphing Power Ranger and you're
a dino Power Ranger I don't really know
I there's so many different kinds of
Power Ranger costumes no I had a good
day at school today you had so much fun
give me a little scarecrow but I've been
promising Noah to make slime for a while
right that's the glue we got some black
and green to make the cool Halloween
color and then it took me almost 'yes i
couldn't me a minute to find liquid
starch target did not have it well I
think it's the right stuff that Martha
told me to get PJ managed to unscrew the
cap I don't know why there's no thing
thing like covering the top because
they're usually add some stuff like this
but up yeah pj open it and spilled it
but I still bought it because I don't
wanna like go put it back on the shelf
that's so bad and I gotta let the aisle
cleaned up huh it's just blue we're
gonna pour a little bit at a time I'm
not really sure I'm not following any
recipe
Monica's mother-in-law just said is just
these two ingredients so I don't know
we'll see what happens okay let me get a
spoon
it's like squeeze it out this is like
black and silver it looks so cool keep
going just keep squeezing it good job
there we go
whoa its Tooting oh go out hey let's get
the green in there now all right now
we're gonna mix the green in so you can
use this thing called borax but I don't
really want to use that no no no don't
put it in the bag oh just squeeze it
because I guess it can like burn hands
maybe I don't really know so look what
starch works oh it looks like the phlegm
they pour on people's head Nickelodeon
yeah that's a good Halloween color right
there and put on my Christmas daddy's
going to do it at me oh okay I don't
know what he's talking about but okay
who is the big batch I didn't realize
how much freakin glues in there good job
Boop boys a minute hold on I'm gonna
stir it up here you hold the camera okay
you know the camera will monster is it
hey don't pour it don't dump the don't
make sure it doesn't get in the
I can see it oh it's already turning
into slime I took it I don't know if we
should touch it yeah it needs to be
thicker still quite sticky though I
think I need a little bit more starch
and then I think we'll be good more
starch okay you stand up there and hold
this thing oh boy I think we did it okay
maybe I should put on this paper though
okay let's put it back in the bowl
though Oh
oh my goodness okay final product let's
see it Oh get your hands out no his
hands for some reason this stuff just
sticks to him way worse than it sticks
to me he's having the time of his life
with this stuff Wow these are the
glitter this is Halloween this is
Halloween Halloween Halloween all right
we are making pumpkin cookies right yeah
pumpkin chocolate chip notice had quite
the Halloween PJ as well PJ careful
don't put your hand in there in my
opinion I think one of the best ways to
go to school is on Halloween because
it's a little different in preschool but
when you're there regularly I'm not
super excited what you gonna do tonight
eat something boring costumes that was
the best I'm a baby good
this love you can eat one says hey I'm
Ken connivin yeah thanks did you see the
little thing I texted our our family
group message so one made a graphic of
all the workouts that you have to do in
order to burn off the fat calories
whatever each little candy do you like a
little mini crunch and it's like a
hundred 50 crunches like Oh
candy just doesn't seem to be that bad
for you because so little and then you
realize saying how much what do I have
to do for that one chocolate chip I
ain't there good yeah I did it I baked
pumpkin chocolate chip cookies in my
KitchenAid and they taste really I'm so
proud my mom would be proud my mother
and I will be proud means my kitchen a
it's beautiful mostly I just hope for
decoration because I love it at what
usually make things from scratch or you
get like like this stick it in the oven
and it bakes for you kind or we just buy
our own come can chocolate chip cookies
but gosh home is wet go
okay I use big chocolate chips big milk
chocolate chips and that small
semi-sweet and it's like perfect they're
so good I'm so proud
the real quick what do you think good
good do you like them do you like it or
no yeah yeah yeah good way yeah but like
the ones we buy yeah just have to go
back to the eggs cuz I forgot those just
two trips to the store that's all that's
all it took to get perfect cookies hey
happy Halloween happy Halloween
hey happy Halloween boo boo let's go
trick-or-treating
set up next door now look how cute Wow
yeah we're ready no one else is really
out yet but that's all good look ya'll
look for home yet setup you remember
what to say Noah what do you say yeah I
I am now dustin we had we had an extra
week so i put it on and then wearing
into his hat doesn't really fit that
well but we had to wear our costumes
noah insisted - this is Penelope's first
time trick-or-treating though it's 75 76
degrees right now that is what we
usually set the temperature at in our
house so I mean compared to the compared
to the Halloween's where I've had to
wear a jacket over my costume or it's
been snowing this is pretty amazing oh
this one's Mookie let's go up and get
the candy from the ball for some reason
scary music howling music bird noises as
always the scariest parts of me yeah so
good let's get your candy pick a candy
you scared her in him you just scared
her so bad our pumpkins I had to take
put in the trash day because they're so
mold at that if people came to her
doorstep they'd just be grossed out come
so I I took them out
love your setup looks good go get a
candy come on
thank you thank you thanks have a good
night
this has been one of our favorite houses
we come to every night they've got a lot
of fun stuff hanging up and I like this
guy in the guy yeah that guy on the
ground and these guys over here hanging
up or pretty spooky and they√≠ve got
their Bowl out which is nice we should
have probably left our bowl out already
look at this cute house put little
non-food treats here if you didn't want
your kids have candy which is so cute
here's a pin for you all right it's
officially dark and now the whole
neighborhood is out so many kids
everywhere it so fun oh my gosh I can't
cry it so cute everyone's
trick-or-treating in our neighborhood I
love it
hey barb I like what you're working with
barb hey barb barb barb the goodwill
yeah whatever it's called for some
reason I want to do the Harry Potter
music dude
I'm a little sweaty since we last saw
each other
check out all this candy this is at
least a couple pounds Noah show me all
your candy buddy oh my goodness I might
eat it all tonight dude how much pain do
you think that is how many pieces are
there door no how many pieces are there
this is the time of the night were you I
would give all my almond joys oh my what
other candies give them to your parents
some reason my grandparents like them my
parents would eat them maybe they just
took a loan actually hey know what's
your favorite candy that you got
what kind of suckers you guys grabbed a
lot of suckers yeah what about you PJ
you like suckers Jen just passed out on
the couch Halloween is over but it is
the beginning of our favorite holidays
Thanksgiving and Christmas starting to
prep for all of our families coming
month was really fun with the kids it
was Halloween oh and if you loved
Halloween and all the decorations
Christmas was gonna be insane it the joy
I feel like so much of our joy comes
from seeing our kids happy and
themselves experiencing things that
we've always loved and I was trying to
know that Halloween's not for another
year and he's like you mean like after
school like nobody quite the day to day
time he had good I think in PJ I see
that girl she would not like over candy
which brings up a point that we were
mentioned we are gonna do a lot of
people are like hey I think no is that a
good age that you guys could do the
whole Jimmy Kimmel we ate your Halloween
candy thing I kind of feel bad and he
even said like today it's everybody's
like don't you know my candy
it's funny the other day he's like okay
do you know yeah he told us he's hey I'm
gonna get enough candy for all of us -
yeah and then today he's saying no I
think maybe we should have been in on it
Monica under Elliot thirsty B so we
might do that in the morning we'll see
hope you guys all had a safe and happy
Halloween if you celebrate Halloween
trick-or-treating was a blast Jenna had
a moment we were walking down the street
she's like can you believe we are
trick-or-treating with our kids and I
was like dang that's true it's crazy
got to remember and cherish those
moments happy Holi we'll see you
tomorrow good night ever feels like my
keep
we kind of got hungry and ate all of
your candy
