happy birthday no it's your birthday
you're one years old how does it feel to
be one years old boy look at that
birthday cuddle hey you're so grateful
you're a baby
well squishy face and I was like yeah
he's weak
why not baby baby like that officially I
can think you're just really excited
it's cute no he was honestly he was only
I swear yeah he was awake and they went
back to see he's never done before hi
happy birthday I think there's some
stuff downstairs well thank Christmas I
seriously watch his reaction he already
made the oh oh did you birthday okay
look at this this guy's laying in the
couch no look at all this dog I look at
all this stuff you got over there oh my
goodness it seems like santa came this
is just like staring at everything whoa
whoa what is all this style go check it
out look at what is this stuff
Oh looky what oh he's so confused he's
more confused about why Matt is here
baby like we I thought her in but I ran
this place
what do you saw this but this is why we
record this because he doesn't know it's
his birthday no you go forever remember
this day when he watches this video yeah
let's go whoa whoa look granny said Wow
he's a perfect height for this table you
got a basketball hoop first birthday
slam dunk
he's like that oh my gosh babe when he
did the slam dunking lately let go had
to break away ritmo she can't really
hang on it Oh his face is just permanent
oh hey try to it a little bit cheats
offer good joy there's a gerund give him
a couple once and you'll live it do you
like you try oh you like your trick from
Grandma and Grandpa whoa its face is so
happy right now it's like look you can
push me now good job and you won't fall
off Shh
our best friends
maybe today they share a birthday so
happy Johnson yeah uh-huh no it's crazy
I had a feeling this would happen
pulling all balloons Sabra take whatever
you would that's true costly really good
we tried to salvage his cake but it just
looks terrible
so we my sister-in-law Hayley made new
cakes with my mom bless her
so these are like free-range yeah not
for me no isn't open my mom's presents
gonna be filled with water
uh-huh here we go good wow that's
impressive
you're one how fun oh he's a puppy oh
looks like I'm going straight for the
goodies no sir precious little bun is a
31 year old pretty cute
ready to be a man Noah would you get man
whoa soccer basketball paper scissors
he's a rhino oh look at his hat I am a
rhino hey hey here then wait man four
screws four ah it's a baby sister you
keep that same time you do that job no
it's a good job good job
what is it the paper ah
oh that a new friend is that your new
friend
he thinks it's alive I think do you like
your Elmo has so creepy
Jen's my hair over the intercom at night
kuma
Jenica it screaming papa she wants to
play with you oh don't throw it at her
face nope okay there you go guys here
bubby he keeps throwing her hi don't ha
good job like wait I know there's
something in there keep going
ah what's going on it's another one
that's fair one oh yeah yeah thank you
hey Dora noses I love blue dog okay good
night the cake is done the frosting was
a challenge but we're starting to dry so
it's kind of hard to stick the labels by
me so he'll see us
the party has started I was playing with
Grammys little water duckie pond
oh no I writing now
hey hon an Aryan got know a little car
look it and there's a thing so he
doesn't have to put the speed down way
he can go sit there
did you guys customers know kind of
details are coming okay okay okay okay
whoa honk honk the horn there river - in
there they're in for - good look at
Jackson's helping push no one this new
car from dejan and Aaron I still come
with you guys bought him this thing
vlogging water are you guys both gonna
get in there I don't know if you're both
it no it's kind of big you're Jackson
push him you know what don't even let
him just don't even let him just kick
him out make him get on the back look at
him go good job jack just pushing him I
can't handle that some city they're so
cute it's like a 1940's I'm saying like
it's the best I love it didn't
part underway we're starting to grill
over there and everyone was here
beautiful hi guys Noah the birthday kid
hi kg okay it's really empty for your
Saturday kind of crazy we are cooking up
some food right now we got big Papa Paul
on the grill grill them up some burgers
and hot dogs all Noah's little friends
are here
we're playing eat and have a good time
we think of all these people here
Jackson got you a present
open that up pull out the paper how cute
like I'll just take the Bob like yeah I
know I just thought you're never too
young to have your very first toy right
nice of you okay
it turns on oh oh and Jax will come over
for a playdate and we'll play as you're
gonna build stuff you're gonna build
like oh where she already wants to open
it but often you're welcome you're
welcome
happy birthday no hey she thinks trying
do me for my ball and Shannon Joanie and
beta got him this little hammer so cute
it lights up when you hit it Oh
big now I got it got that got it Oh
whole thing got it perfect man your
fingernail cut me sorry
I like sliced my lip I'm sorry you shove
it in your mouth I'm gonna get her back
just wait
that day's good did it did it taste good
is the justice
did it taste as good as the justice you
just got cupcake paste and I have it all
over my body out that's awesome
did you like that did you see me cake
face mama hit the ball everyone's
wearing party at the party except no she
doesn't want his birthday he can do it
every once he's in his birthday suit
cake time woody know what hey know what
thank you daddy let me just tell you
this is what I've been waiting all day
for okay I just love I love having it
kids on their first birthday eating cake
is very good we're just getting messy
birthday day
happy birthday dear love happy birthday
which kind of good don't show them this
part when he said this you said about
it's your cake you want it wait
okay okay
they're clean yet it's Hazen he's like
what trick do you get me where's my car
at first so much cake ground every time
these places you should not be with
sprinkles off digging Noah he the
scaffold pros is annoyed under dad will
try wreck shop man you did yeah maybe
should finish astonish of its place in
that's right chow brick his hand oh I
told you like
like I don't want this mom oh no staring
at me mother so much pressure
Oh can't perform hands like it mmm
chocolate
euhh bread well cool I was gonna eat
that but it's nice
see that's but nevermind now did my work
it off get it off yeah hey does their
you know what no no no I have the camera
like that you got a brown booger
chanyeol a big cha-cha you know how we
take pictures of this thing push the
button know what the game well thanks
for selling me that's right everybody
say goodnight say thanks for coming to
my birthday and that wraps up Noah's
first birthday party yeah your first
little birthday buzz and fun birthday
was a good day do is confuse all day yes
we also confirmed that he really doesn't
like cake or bread we try and give him
bread sometimes rarely and he just spits
it out so the cake
you saw his real reaction wasn't a big
fan of it I can't believe my little baby
is 1 years old
Oh humbly it's crazy it's crazy I think
he's about to go to bed Wow just in time
just in time seriously and we're putting
him down right now ok say happy birthday
Noma come on your tears already good
deep well Nova sleep well no but sleep
well Noah here at all oh no today no one
that's how Blair awanee
I don't know I think so I can't believe
his one a little joke dad are you he
cuddles now more huh I think I love that
about him turning one eyes one I can't
believe in here it's crazy so much thank
you look at that a baby soft serve
hey these grown so much adventure
hardest year and best year that's for
sure
I just love them so much I'm so grateful
you're our baby love you song bird
singing such a pretty thing
singing to the moon writing songs home
plate is East we're framing photos
memories he's care he's cooled feathers
are you so cute
happy birthday little man oh man I love
this guy so much friend did it I don't
know how she did it but she did it 9
pounds 1 ounce I pushed that thing out
of me oh this guy oh I think it's my
bottom lip though on dude you just want
some milk don't you welcome to the world
Noah gray Anderson burrito baby
