Hey are you already having fun with
grandpas what are you doing that's
always looked good on this air mattress
looks like a nice butt oh wow that was
quite this lip hi hi are you having so
much fun and more fairly comes today my
mom and Matt and Haley arrived in an
hour and a half so I'm gonna hurry up
and shower well my dad hangs out with
this kid it's your birthday tomorrow
it's your birthday zzzz
that's your uncle David uncle baby you
guys my baby brother is here but I
always forget that he's not my baby
brother anymore wait are you 21 this
year 20 are you serious oh my gosh like
for cereal oh my gosh I can't believe
that that your uncle can't get up Magan
so huge you guys whoa ladies look at
those I'm just kidding he has a
girlfriend
look at that hair
oh wow so black he thinks he has brown
hair but that's clearly black hair no
it's dark it's black no the couch is
dark brown and your hair is darker than
the couch is no this like a mocha no
that's brown and cream your hair is
black you need I'm kind of excited with
everyone being here Oh ladies ladies but
oh oh whoa oh my gosh Matt your hair is
black did you dye it well no I colored
the cheeks in the stash but are you
saying look this is who but you have
light hair I feel like this would be
David's hair this is my dude
thanks for getting on that Burt that
stuff hey I know something for like a
number what hi I love you so happy to
see you thank you Oh
Blue's birthday supplies what receive
all the rabbit killing terrifies me
he's not to get so overwhelmed it makes
you like look so different on you I'm
good my jaws not like a lineman it's
just not I look fat I'm sorry buddy
but no thinks it's his birthday already
it's a stylist are you kidding me
that's a grand one like I'm so surprised
don't worry your presents are tomorrow
the new par 23 is for Jordan and 80s for
king matching daddy and we're being good
at the Bulls okay see one but you look
like a clown elephant it's like a clown
suspenders known your man yeah you guys
like this baby my beard in a beautiful
view
I love big hair choking I want that you
got 13 seconds 13 seconds is all you
need right six but you look so cool dude
there you go
hi how big is know where you think
you're so hostile oh cool dude Beach
baby cool for a while and I'm going to
doing GoPro stuff over there I think
we're gonna go either he's drinking
water mm-hmm how big is new we're here
at MOBAs weather always the peace I
can't mow bettas cuz everyone really
wanted to try it cuz we rave about it a
lot so we're always looks so good on
your video dad or lost well it is
delicious taking over San Marco one of
the many takeovers so
Jenica has decorated everything for a
little noah with heylia my hat my bad
haley and mom and dad while the boys
were at the store buying stuff in that
log but I think tonight that was
obviously sleeping but we wrap up the
presents
I think we're super smash that you guys
are gonna crash down here probably
pillsbury upstairs they do names I
thought to go to bed at some point but
um oh bicep smash place NHL and I'm
gonna introduce David and Sam to sure as
the storm you've never heard that please
play it blizzard game it's awesome there
is Sam building the present what is this
a bball hoop for a little Noah man
because he is huge the next Blake
Griffin this David says do this big man
okay oh yeah go some small big last a
couple of four or five years he needs to
learn to dunk on this thing
you better make that back look good put
the Ducks wrong stored really really
your son is late how many of you people
when you're cleaning your room we my
brothers we'd be made to come in buying
a dad or mom or grandma except we'd
secretly be playing basketball with our
laundry basket and clothing nothing here
I'll tell you why I got no of this
because on my first maybe second
birthday my parents you remember that or
just like three four or five year old
but I remember as a kid whooping it to
or like well that's what first got you
in basketball you start with the are
coherent to remember things we don't
have a friends yeah I got bigger one in
my room
yeah do you yeah I used to say bball
yeah in the movies with my wife so
awesome look at his wife so awesome
he won't eat that oh look at that
there's the big present a trike the
trees Ike see Cole dad just cracks bones
and fixes bodies but he can't put that
together what kind of father are you
yeah I made that truck bed one of these
when we were kids and Andrew was sitting
in it
HFD gloves that and with my brother and
before they know they're just like pops
and breaks so that guy's not in charge
of building anything that's why okay
well he told he said can I build it
oh he's you know he's Red Ryder some
assembly required
absolutely everything hey Uncle Matt
let's do this ol there's like a million
pages of this those were Sam puts in 15
hours mid six and a half hours Nate the
finished product oh my gosh you guys
just saw that I think I just got that
eye shadow dad and uncles dad some too
much Manila his sons noobs from throwing
him through the net his body and
everything I'm not jealous I'm free
money that'll build the exactly day on
dude I'm her brother
we've seen his blobs of course addict
trying to demand a waterslide
he needs a beard to do man things kept
Amica yeah may not recognize me cuz my
beard but this is it so far okay so it's
about 10:30 and decorations are done
we've got a kitchen set up and this
whole place just looks like a carnival
look at that looks like when a carnival
tent actually kind of looks chaotic in
this but it looks cool in the real life
we got my mom stopped desert using novel
party decorations look party hats so
excited we got some presents and then
some presents Sam is being crazy matt is
building this this is for my dad for
Noah we got we got no the basketball
hoop and something else in there then
that's for my mom and this is from Sam's
parents
so we're excited it should be a fun day
and we're currently baking cupcakes and
cake right now and oh my gosh it's gonna
be huge
oh my gosh I am so bad you guys look at
how giant the cupcakes are and they're
not even halfway down cooking I guess
that's good at the big because then it
feels like being a fake piece of cake
look it just looks so cute in here and
so effective it's hard I like I love it
we're really excited it feels like
Christmas to me I finish a little table
we got some lollipops and cute little
stripe stuff Haley I'm so glad we got
the white and red stripe cuz I match the
hats perfectly this thing is so cute
he's gonna love it
I'm trying to give you confidence water
table okay okay it's all set up
I'm so excited from the wake-up although
I want him to sleep in long as possible
I'm really excited from
