watch me nae nae watch me where hello
sweet world I'm Emily this is Syracuse
University and you are watching Sam
achill blogs peace
weekend no its back in cave the little
tree fort it's bush fort thank you hi no
wish for cooler under there huh oh just
getting to be not always sometimes would
be really nice if you didn't like dirt
literally every room in our house I've
been cleaning upstairs well knows been
napping this morning Sam was nice and
got up with no this morning so I could
sleep it a little bit and then get my
workout and start cleaning and all that
stuff done so I started upstairs taking
a while but we're gonna be cleaning like
all day long which isn't very fun for
Noah but its necessity because all of my
family's coming into town Wow hey that
looks like a moth from Christie's vlog I
was a creepy-looking moth I'm sorry Oh
distracted my family my dad and my
little brother are coming in tonight
they're leaving California this
afternoon and look at here probably
around midnight maybe I can't remember
no what oh my dad my little brother
coming tonight and then my mom and my
brother Matt and met his wife Hayley
they were supposed to come in today as
well but they're probably not coming
till tomorrow now but everyone will be
here we're so fun we're gonna miss my
sister my other brother but they'll be
fun to have some of my family here for
noah's birthday we were just standing
here watching the trash truck go by huh
you like the trash truck yeah we'll go
to the park later okay and won't go the
pool later okay ah damn sleepy sleepy do
you guys see to see all those bugs come
on a stick
like microscopic freaks me out are they
do they just like live in the grass oh
they do do they want to eat the wood
look at these two they'll help get the
mail you're going too fast dad did you
get a package buddy it's for me who's it
from no no over here thanks buddy hey
okay this package is from Haley hey hold
my keys Oh Jen what is it Oh what the
secret but I kinda know what it's a
message in a bottle that's so cute oh my
god out oh she could unscrew it I
couldn't say I do without you Jen will
you be my bridesmaid look it I'm so
excited okay it's so secret Haley kind
of spilled the beans when we were in
Chicago I was freaking out in one of the
vlog sanli had up he's like cut cuz he
couldn't show that footage of her
telling me hey this just in Jen's a
bridesmaid having lunch oh just kidding
edited not in the vlog she's like but
something's coming in the male's you
have to act really excited but I'm so
excited to get I was shocked I was like
what you want to be a bridesmaid I was
so excited I'm such grace made no I look
I don't be a bridesmaid oh yeah it's not
cool
so excited love you lately watch me nae
nae watch me wet bounce bevy watch me Oh
watch me watch me watch me watch me Oh
watch me watch me watch me watch me and
pop the dance party yeah Bobby shake it
shake it dance baby dance shake get
little booty Oh solution at least always
play as a baby no what are you doing
here hey hey yeah beber y ever
good day youtube family here at the
store today we are finally getting
things prepared for noah's birthday this
morning we were looking at kind of a
theme for his birthday party and we were
in order some things online through
amazon we decided we'd look at the
stores here and stuff to see if we can
get them for even cheaper we're also
going to start getting some a nose
presence there's one thing that I want
to give him so bad i already have
planned and so today we have to get it
but i can't show you guys until its
birthday because i don't want you guys
telling Noah bit secretive oh my
goodness completely anything Elmo the
musical yeah you like that guy I mean
again like a talking elmo now seriously
giving them so funny so funny yeah
another one I make it Elmo baby remember
and tickle me elmo sorry to get he's
actually getting cool when i think about
it call me one no that one's house off
no do you like that guy do you like
anger Elmo we're sitting here at walmart
and the other night we drove by a Barbie
Jeep in someone's neighborhood and jen
just talked about how her whole life
that's all she would it was my entire
childhood all i wanted was BBQ my mom
and dad still feel bad about not like
they can give me one and it's okay do
you want your Barbie Jeep now should we
get it so you can write it around the
neighborhood my kid to have one just
like and write it look at now they got
like four little four-wheeler things I
got everything for kids bulldozer cop
car
John Deere a truck oh my goodness kids
these days family coming in tonight
coming in late Jen's gonna get some rest
so I invited the guys over to play a
little bit of video games while I wait
up for them but before we do that you
guys should go watch the video that we
shot and edited the other day as you can
see I was passed out on the couch I
stayed up and edited that video it's now
live you can go and click on it well I'm
not going to put an annotation here
because I'm kind of tired right now but
you can click on the link in the
description at the top and there's the
video that we record the other day
there's some really cute scenes and I'm
kind of happy the way it turned out I
used one of jesse daniel Smith songs
bride and groom so they're really
awesome for always letting me do that go
check it out leave a comment let me know
what you think Oh me if there's
something damn phone this space to grow
visitors are coming the visitors are
almost here they might be we just tested
out these imme bows can you see this on
super smash brothers this is the guy
that we used he is brewing very strong
soon will unleash Toon Link but not yet
so now it's kind of fun why look at you
got you and hipster trendy how are you
I'm tired yes I tired
look who's here two in the morning
rolling into town the stud in this
bonehead oh I'm titles go bad nopee up
so early yeah pop it like 7-730 it's
late I'm talking to a fridge it's time
for you guys to go to bed the weekends
come in see tomorrow
weekend
