good morning sweet world I am kayla from
Massachusetts and you're watching sama
clogs peace Oh soft ok Oh soft you is
just King stuff the dog it's hardly yeah
my water rolled away huh oh ho hardy oh
no Soph uh-huh yeah be soft with the dog
huh
weekends coming
um no just look up from a very long nap
I don't know if he's not feeling or if
he's teething again cuz he's got a
little snotty nose it's not like bad
right now I can just tell he's kind of
like lower energy but our complex is
actually having any like barbecue thing
get together at the pool so we're gonna
check it out I don't know if I'm gonna
have him swim I'm taking him a diaper
and shorts and stuff just in case here
at the pool party we're here s the pet
toy auction raffle date home once and
pet toys really creepy peanut oil and a
bottom better if Aaron but got these
cousin you really have to get a cat I
think you should get one anyway tree to
get a cat named at Strickland they do
teapot can be be seeking what would you
name your cat if you bought one sim ja
fuel can't melt captain just fuel can't
melt his name is cat Samuel how do you
feel about that what was that comment
we're on the job I think you just call
my number
I'm 334 wah wah wah save its ball I'm
trying to teach him to say ball bball
say ball ah I feel like my ankles my
foots getting sunburned are now you get
a free animal pedicure right come get
your dog someone help painted I don't
know not a real thing I feel like people
really do that they're giving away three
dollar gift cards to mcdonald three
dollar gift cards Oh Noah one something
mean say I'm one something really bad I
wish I Decameron when he actually won
what he did yeah not
what is that do you have a pet and I
said nope I card here's a gift card to
out of spa yeah what is auto spa how
much sport is it for your car goes and
has a jacuzzi and I don't even know well
our car has not been had a real car wash
sounds like our wedding maybe sure so we
could use an auto spa I guess looking it
up unless it's like five dollars to it
six o'clock final drying Jen's ticket
for 360 everybody's attention
gummy don't laugh 406 we're 436 are you
serious one number off one number off we
didn't win good job clapping day hun
like no and way to push the baby over
air and i'm still using the baby with
eagles club hey how big is Noah how big
is no way nice nice nice watch me like
this
oh not this time how low can you go Noah
thinks my foot is very funny did it make
it thank you scaring my just it's like
my crazy Oh Steve got white there
because the other way you can generate
you see those teeth no oh for my gosh
insane I know goodnight you want my side
you were my foot you did you see but I
could get your teeth there's no teefers
how big is Noah so big how big is Noah
how big is Noah so now is the time that
we discuss shirts samitha shirts
share
so here's the idea behind it we want to
do a new shirt every month or so maybe
two months I don't know the time frame
but we want to do different themes
designs and this is gonna be a vote for
the first shirt that will do if people
are kind of split on two different
shirts maybe we'll do two different
shirts but we want to show you guys what
we have so far and then what we'll do is
post in the comments I'm gonna say a
number with each shirt you can also
describe it post on the one that you
like and I'm gonna go through and kind
of like tally and get a sense of what
everyone likes so this is what help from
snapchat Tyler yeah here are some the
designs we hope you guys like them this
is shirt one we're going with the good
morning sweet world theme also kind of
the SI racha also waking up you know
there's a rooster we can do different
colors there's red and black and this is
on a gray shirt we can also mix that up
but this is shirt one okay cool shirt
too it's got some mountains kind of the
mountainous Utah good morning sweet
world this is like a girl fit I mean we
could do like I said different colors
different font color but this is kind of
a you know what it would look like I
like it there's three so if we went with
like this design then we would have like
a guy's version you know good morning
sweet world pretty cool this is all hand
drawn by Tyler then here's another
alternate version of the rooster like I
said it's like being morning as in you
wake up good morning and si racha so we
have that as well this is kind of a
different version of it five which is
just a different color so I mean we can
switch the colors up this is just one
that we had six which is just the same
akka like handwriting 15 4 2015 kind of
basic and seven is it gold or we could
change all these colors you know we can
do whatever we want but these are the
first designs Tyler hand you all of
those himself which is pretty cool so it
makes it completely unique to us and you
guys so I want to know which one you
guys like the best based on the numbers
if you like the mountain design
nine or the rooster or just the basic
Tameeka this would be like our first
round of shirts and then what we want to
do is continually do different themes we
can do one based on the cookies and
sweets we can do one based around Noah
you know whatever we have all these
different possibilities I've shown you
guys some things I've come up with
myself as well and we can incorporate
that but let us know which one you guys
like and as soon as we kind of can come
to a conclusion will get this thing
going in the next couple days and then
then love shirt it has been a long time
coming I bugger she ate your patience
but we're really excited with like what
we like we've come up with Tyler super
talented and you know we didn't want to
just give you guys a shirt we wanted to
really love them so yeah I hope you guys
like them too I do like these some of
these designs a lot so let us know which
ones you guys like will always do
another one if you are any huge fan of
this one but I think this is a good
start it's you know getting the ball
rolling we've been talking about doing
this for ever so let's just make it
happen so let me know 1 2 3 4 5 6 all
the way to seven you can describe the
shirt and yeah we're getting blurry
which one is your favorite I like the
mountain 1 i'm on my favorite i have a
feeling the girls are gonna like the
mountain one and the boys are like the
rooster one I feel like gonna have to do
both I like the first rooster one and
then you pointed something out and so
tailored made some changes to it the
first richer one is my favorite though
but I also kind of like just like the
lettering no it's kind of cool so let us
know what you guys think and let's get
this going so tomorrow my brother and
dad are coming up for nose birthday and
then the next day my mom and brother and
sister-in-law are coming up so we're
really excited if you a lot of fun
notice I'm in a birthday and it's a
really cute theme hopefully everything
works out and that we just have a great
day with friends and family so we'll see
you guys tomorrow vote on the shirt see
ya pase
Garrett if you chill soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood PS the
shirts will be comfy I want them to be
like a tri blend nice comfiness
