good morning sweet world I'm Hannah and
this is Lily and you're watching Sam
akka vlogs peace good morning sweet
world we're from Seattle Washington and
we're daily bloggers that Kristen Alicia
and you're watching the seneca vlogs
it's hot the baby wants to get out go
swimming so we taken him to the pool
hey don't swim baby gift by the pool are
you happy see blue dog are you tired now
a mist blue dog so very much I guess hey
tip line swimming yeah you like coming
in the pool there's just a little spout
you can step on it shoots water out of
this other hole and acts myself on that
way to harden it shot right in his face
in front of all these other moms and I
was like oh I'm sorry Bobby but he's
fine I'm cutting no strawberry or not
strawberries cherries right now and I
was sending them on his high chair for
dinner and he's tall enough now where he
just like reaches them off his high
chair he's stealing his food already
from a tighter from just standing next
to it it's really funny oh good me too
I'm gonna find a babe yeah busy day we
have a lot yeah working on a video
tonight that were gonna film then I'm
gonna help shoot it edit it you guys
will see that very soon cuz we're gonna
bring our volume camera with ya I'll get
you more right now but it was fun to go
to the floor spend some time together
how cute this shirt is so cute ready
before tearing at them you had some more
cheery give them to me mom are you robot
alan frey it do it's kind of hard to fly
boy who loves just quite the shot
there's just a baby in the sunlight
right beautiful Sun flares all over this
little family look at their babysitter's
oh yeah yeah so cute we had the park cuz
you're gonna shoot a video
he's got the number 20 maybe I'll get
your shoes let's walk over to this me
show you a chick some yoga right there
whoa let's stand wow that's a good trip
man okay Brielle where's your trick baby
yoga sibling yoga whoa whoa cartwheel
yeah girl I think I could still do a
cartwheel then I program a pan my gosh
fancy okay it looks like you did on
purpose oh it's so pretty out here
seriously on this video looks so pretty
look I know is just eyeing that remote
he's like his dad watching his dad
watching know what's this bug come over
here oh you look so pretty to date the
way we're wait the shoes though hey Suze
though he going I the hairs know it look
like my son just don't look like me
seriously hey with these days no why
dead Sam you've never really touched and
before I got this dirt but not seeing
salmon action nanny day hun um Oh every
baby likes those bracelets I know hey
because it looks like like teething
it probably feels like him too yeah it
feels like I'm too hi baby boy Noah I
think it hurts over so samitha we are
playing volleyball right now everyone's
out here from the team Sam moon flagel
Anderson videographer right now but uh
I'm on baby duty no you're good you're
good no I can't look look look I can't
look I can't go on the sand I'm sorry
it's all you know is everything oh yeah
I get a girl right is that one yourself
funky said hot in here is it just don't
know i love birdies open at the pyre to
make my own let's do this like my works
let's take it all good look at the
backyard barbecue let's take this
Memorial Day weekend off
Bobby
whoa
I feel like we need some like America
the Beautiful or something I know and
that's when the fireworks got a little
bit too close and everyone I to back up
it was a lot of fun we filmed that video
for tricks in I had fun filming it I in
shot video like on a DSLR in a while
it's something that I used to do a lot
for fun so now being able to do that
more and having that freedom it's
amazing I just sit here and I'm grateful
for that opportunity there's one summer
before we even vlog that's all I did I
would just bring the DSLR around and
make videos of our trips and adventures
so it's kind of fun getting back to the
saddle and it makes me want to do like a
special video for noah's birthday this
week and probably some on our trip to
New York I think that'd be fun too i
also got to fly the nerd bird through
some fires and fireworks and that was
pretty awesome i'm going to put like a
couple clips right here you guys can see
it
but yeah well you guys know when that
video is online so you can go watch it
tomorrow we're gonna discuss sanika
shirts I have some designs to show you
guys and then we're going to vote and
maybe decide on one or two like I said
yesterday I think he has a like I'm
hopefully I'm hoping me and snapchat
Tyler we've been talking for a while
about this in a couple days Jen's family
will be here to celebrate knows birthday
that's exciting and then we're going to
New York we're gonna see some my family
for the fourth and be there for a while
fun packed summer oh it's just getting
started and we got VidCon vlogger fair a
little things going on that we haven't
mentioned random question has anyone
played splatoon the game for Wii U I
can't remember if I fastest in a blog
yet maybe I tweeted it out I'm really
interested in playing it I don't know if
it's any good or worth it Jenna and I
have had fun playing wii u to get rid of
lately anyways we'll see you guys
tomorrow hope you guys had fun until
then grace if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood
