what we were just tied up guys were home
major cleanup day Noah know Sam's like I
feel like knows almost indifferent today
like he's so much more grown up like he
was saying ow which hasn't said yet and
you saying wha wha and the bathtub which
he's never had before so it's like crazy
it's like he knows he's almost one past
like start saying more words and stuff
he's still just as talkative like maybe
the business like sins talk but he's
currently playing hi hiding under bushes
come on come on come out from there oh
yes is kind of a cool fort huh I guess I
father would have liked that as is as a
kid too he's a cool dude put your hat
back on backwards you just put the hat
on and had it on backwards and you just
walk around like yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah whoa cool cool cool dude I missed
the moment we were out of space so if he
does it again I'll try and get it now
he's doing it now he's doing it
he just came up to me looked me in the
face of mine put his hands out I picked
him up but he's giving me the biggest
hug ever no it never gives hugs for no
oh okay he's all happy oh he's put my
like that take me to get the mail with
you know oh we usually only had buttons
that's a good hug oh he loves his dad
he's trying hi dad oh did you miss on
khuda hai just give her a huge hug
what's with the hugs today your dad man
00 back now ute oh are you eating his
arm oh oh good so cute why so cute today
he's been giving everyone hugs today hey
yeah yeah I was saying he came right up
to me and he was like ah feel good to be
back usually oh it's mild are you
remembering him now
good
that your first moment sticker
it's different depending
hello world we're in pocatello today I
don't have Jenna no with me though
because I figured they needed a break
from all the traveling nose really happy
this morning so we wanted to keep them
that way but right now i'm gonna go rent
a bike cuz i've erased in two weeks this
how i always break my camera's best like
this i'm so sore how big is Noah big oh
we're in Chicago um Sam's parents were
doing that a lot or since mom started
doing and then we were kind of doing it
to try to teach him like so big because
we hadn't done that yet and now he knows
it today he just started raising his
arms up whenever we say how big eyes
know it his hands go up but he just
walked out he was just doing a minute
ago that's when I went to the camera and
then he opened the front door by himself
and went outside no what how big enough
duh how big is Noah so big were you
going where you going
you
team one broken phone later not mine
let's have a meeting a little post
dinner walk there it is so pretty right
now get out once more before I put this
kid to bed man there's like not a cloud
in the sky it's crazy have a good day
fast pace hi maybe I'm saw safe too but
else i'd say today has been a pretty
good day hi and no has been happy and
it's just good i need to go to bed early
every night because something like this
every day man you think I go bed early
more often everyone's gardens are so big
now love it I wonder what's going in
there behind the scenes of Dan's life he
truly loves babies oh yes see me so has
the baby come on Dan he's just a gator
oh she's very she's confused oh I'm
looking at me how's the seat up there is
it good trompe to basketball game after
the meeting best of three right now
Gavin's had the best destroyed you you
better put all night good shots in that
edit I had to I shot it I would didn't
record any of that now I'm recording cuz
this is where champions are made hold on
all time it was over there you are
recording on the edge no it's all about
this Gavin's been thrown some matte
shade at me Gabrielle oh yeah let's make
it stop down here
you
Oh
I wasn't sure if I won you guys it
doesn't matter
final game held controversy a lot to
review the tape we'll have to review the
tape full cots I know there is it
controversial if there was one sided I
thought it was nine I thought i won I
apologize for my exuberance celebrating
but I didn't win the game we'll see
we'll see who really won I really hope
we were right just finished editing that
basketball footage I think we all saw
who won there's a lot of controversy and
I said we're going to go back to the
film I'm not gonna cut any of the made
shots out we're gonna see who really one
day on Aaron and myself will just have
to do another rematch next summer
together anyways hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog will see you guys tomorrow
pais can reach if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood I got some
shirt designs to show you guys they're
ready we're gonna have a vote and maybe
we'll make two or three of them to start
off with so look for that this week
