skirt on it's daddy funny from the
Bahamas and you're watching
Tomica blogs I don't know what to do
with my hands
vlogging here by the way we're so sad to
leave the family for ten days that we'll
be together again soon almost an beep to
this moment one week - one hour we
decided to get up and go and fly out
here and now that week is over and now
it's time to head back get some things
done and also plan to celebrate it was
birthday party
cake and ice cream yeah yeah we had a
great time it was great being home we'll
be together again soon with even more
family it's really great hopefully our
flight today goes well yeah hopefully
cuz it was a great kid and everything he
doesn't the plane is not bad but he just
wants to be friends with everyone he
wants to fly the plane so there might
not be too much footage on the plane
because all hands on deck it's fun
meeting people yesterday was so fun
everyone was so great what wonderful
people we met yesterday so much we loved
to have you here we love having Noah so
glad you came it was fun so
I was just saying that the tops of the
planes are here kind of look like a
bunch of sharks just swimming around in
the airport
yeah
someone hot welcome back home is this
home I like feel like the water is like
already sucked out of my skin yeah we've
gone from tons of humidity to super dry
100 degrees
whether the play
that was a trip he's not the best he's a
great baby he's a great guy
he's super adventurous but when you put
him on the plane
oh oh it's rough but we love them
hopefully everyone else in our plane
just now looked into you guys you'll
never guess where we are we're back in
Utah
Sean Jordans and no one's playing catch
with with brewing know what oh wait no
come back and play catch Noah of course
now he's done okay look at Bruins coming
to do the ball yeah yes no I was like
throwing it perfectly to brew it throw
it throw to Bruin or he's gonna take it
from you oh yeah
he threw one and it landed straight in
his mouth and I was like yeah you know
it takes two to tango yeah alright chuck
it throw it
no that's like tall and broom just so
weird last time we were here he was the
same high up something smaller yeah
which is crazy and now cuz he's the age
Noah was when we lived here which is
bizarre and it's not weird weird
crawling in she's little and crusher
she's crawling it and it was walking and
it's crazy she goes down easy look at
that she doesn't sleep through the night
she'll get there yeah so good they like
you did well it took seven months that's
when we finally excited - yeah so she'll
probably super soon at any time
these guys threw it to Bruin Bruin we're
back in Utah travel day travel days are
really exhausting now with a squirming
one-year-old that we will almost
one-year-old that we love it's also
Noah's birthday week he's gonna be women
I can't believe it Thank You Mia a year
ago from today on Father's Day we
created a message for little man as we
anticipated his arrival which we
expected to be you know in a couple days
and 25th
what's his due date wasn't it yeah we
were super excited to recreate that
little video to kind of let no one know
how we felt then I thought it would be
fun today a year later and we'll talk
about Noah throughout the week cuz we're
just celebrating his birthday which are
so excited about Paige we should say
three things that we love about Noah
what's one of your things okay I love
his personality he's so funny and he
loves to laugh and play and social he's
a fun kid
going along with that I love how Noah
has no fear of anything of people of
much any sort of activity thinking he
doesn't just like walk out and do crazy
things like jump off big steps I mean
he's so smart about it but he's not
fearful which is really cool to see
because as we grow older sometimes we
get scared of doing things
mm-hmm number two for you there's a long
list but these are just a few things on
the top of our heads right now that were
literally making up as we go
I love his cuddles when he cuddles me
it's like there's the best thing ever
your favorite time a night which she
does not like to share necessarily is
right before Noah goes to sleep we
cuddle he's getting more cat
he's more coolly at night when he's
about to go to bed yes he is I cherish
those cuddles my number to no particular
order I love and know I know you're
watching this later in life and
understanding this I love how much you
enjoy eating and that some of your least
favorite things like carrots and
cantaloupe are things that I don't like
we're so much alike
I bet if I gave you see Racha you would
love it probably not but maybe maybe now
maybe in the future he'll like it I love
watching him grow and learning new
things each day every day he like says
something new or he doesn't think
different and I love it I love seeing
this little person he's becoming he's
very fun and smart he's very smart
little baby yeah he doesn't open the
door I love that you're a little mama's
boy he likes being with his mom but
overall in the plane he got was starting
to get mad at me and he's like I want to
be with mom and when mom was trying to
go the bathroom on the plane here who
should I we should leave me behind for
his tough little adventure his self he's
got that soft spot for Mom
yes but he's very attached to you
because he loves I feel like he wants
you to be proud of him already
like he's like watch me throw this ball
dad you know he says dad still way more
than says mom well it's easier to say
whatever anyways there's probably be
talking a lot about knowing just good
memories so we that we have them I was
affected by my every minute those months
and months ago no longer know was a
great sleeper yeah that's another thing
I love about him he's clearly couldn't
sleep the entire night goes down for his
naps great most of the time yeah you
know he gets that age and then they get
better and he's been great anyways we'll
be talking about know a lot because this
is his birthday week
and we want to celebrate it he's our
baby and he means so much to us we're
toddler not a baby
he feels that way sometimes and I said
on Instagram greatest blessing given to
me opportunity and privilege to be able
to be his day oh yeah she sounds like a
voice is Peggy again could be his dad it
was
cracking dude oh there we go let me know
a key let's celebrate this week she goes
well
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood monoclinic
