good morning sweet world my name is
Madeleine from the channel metal in
morning 'used and you are watching the
simca vlogs I was like where's the
camera no idea thanks
sang if you later that evening burger w
this is a double different for Taylor's
this is the second burger that I've
eaten on the Sabbath Oh blogs channel
you can refer back to a previous blog
where I'd try in and out her stylish so
portillos here we go have you got a
double burger and salad yeah I got a
salad I got fries oh my gosh this is a
burger with strength I was gonna ask you
what am I poppyseed muffin but I guess
that's a no I get that cake shaker I
started okay I've never had a patient
from here
this could be the best burger of
everything I mean it is my hot peppers
huh look at that that's a juice wow this
is the strongest burger I've ever I
don't think a bill to finish it all
right so at portillos I hi Tyler here I
hydrect the vlog salmon Jen met this
girl she's super sweet
she's so excited to meet savage in third
grade people guys should be excited
that's awesome let's go swish swish oh
hey let's go click click why it's like
click good wine they're all my shopping
other only horse on the bus goes who let
the horse on the bus I'm driving like a
madman let's go round and round round
and round the wheels on the bus still
Brandon lights of the most Oh lash lash
line blink blink whoa they're either on
another off James try a hazard today is
the day I meet Tyler trap Tyler is our
first ever meet up dude it's kind of
windy right now so I'm trying to shield
the wind we're heading to our meetup
right now which we planned by the
carillon tower just built to celebrate
the Millennium cost a lot of money it's
kind of a waste of Miami opinion but hey
there it is for the city to look at a
lot of people treat me saying that they
couldn't make it today we'll see you
came either way I'm just happy to do
this it's always a lot of fun we like
meeting you guys yeah it makes
everything a lot more real to because
there's a lot of people at the carillon
tower no do you think anyone shoot this
to you okay so it turns out everyone
behind me is actually here to hang out
I've runs here to hang out I can't
believe that all these all these people
here yeah telling them i'm blogging but
they're all here to hang out
he's really fun so far you know it was
kind of playing up to the crowd it is
he's walking around everyone waving with
this toys and things hey every time we
have a meet up I try and think of a
question to ask everyone that they can
answer that way they can be on the blog
you know say something whatever they
want today's question is what is your
favorite kind of pc games too yea sorry
I'm Diana I hear pizza by choice would
be like a huge super super super cheesy
pizza but I'm like Little Caesar oh
that's fine no it's not yeah this you
can okay so is my sister is too oh yeah
so shut up to Kourtney yeah unite yay I
got in trouble because I ate all
Courtney's gluten yeah yeah desserts
think there's like really good ones yeah
like thick crust deep dish I'm Maddie
and I'm just really playing cheese
cheese hey just like gen 2 i'm lindsay i
like deep dish teardown was people okay
we had that for the game okay who else
do you want to say hi to oh yeah people
here think you guys are really cute
what's your favorite my favorite pizza
would be BBQ chicken thing Chris BBQ
chicken or yours of course giordano's
sensor that out that's what we got
giordano synchro's for jen i'm sarah and
i think my favorite pizza if someone
else is buying i don't care but if i'm
buying it it's sausage onion and
mushroom well that was my duty
everyone's had a different kind of
favorite anything with me my name is
Brandon Kane and my favorite is a
YouTube channel yeah what is it it's
calm / Brandon pain the cane blog hey
are you sweetie know you have a cool
last name because patty Kane yeah yeah I
was so sad that you didn't say it I'm
Olivia swifter do you say you're a pizza
yeah Oh cream okay everything yeah hi
I'm Olivia and I like hmm Chris Connors
kind of pizza is we'll get to this group
soon over here yes oh they moved us
because of a wedding they know we're
invited to the wedding I'm just playing
but this is fun we're just going up on
the hill now which is I don't know if
this is a hill in Utah but here it's a
big hill I feel like it's not a real
YouTube meet up until you get kicked out
them somewhere moving the party macaroni
cheese ooh pizza ding and you got a
YouTube channel 2 yes I do what is this
Oh Willie malsu w IL y mal cio there you
go yeah if you want to learn more about
macaroni and cheese pizza I make it
there go check it out wait you guys are
triplets yeah my brother isn't here what
yeah just thrown that on me when we were
taking a picture all right what's your
what's your names and your favorite kind
of pizza I am Katie and my favorite kind
of visa but have to be gluten-free not
by choice but are you yeah I'm blue
green so during the second version here
and my sister ok nan gluten-free pizza i
would say lou malnati's have runny be
sad bears sarah and my parent pizza
would have to be the same well that is
to dish pepperoni pepperoni a lot of
pepperoni lover's
I have to ask about pizza cuz we're in
Chicago so that's like here we talk
about food a lot pepperoni deep dish
lemon ice my name is Danielle and this
is Declan and her favorite pizza is
buffalo chicken oh that's a good pizza
from cici's pizza love it hey you are so
cute wait right hi dr. I think moving
you they drove how many hours 3 hours 3
hours I think you win for farthest
travel thanks for coming that's so nice
of you special to me because she was
baby Brand X run the triplets minus the
triplet brother got a dinosaur and it's
so cute oh my gosh I just remembered my
favorite little dolls they came in as
triplets as little and I had the town
version my sister had the Caucasian
version i love the triplets and those
two girls and a boy III don't know why
you told I so weird hahaha I don't got
that your triplet yeah I'm Jessie I like
deep dish pizza deep dish any restaurant
in particular I'd have to say probably
Lou Malnati's lou malnati's we're
helping everyone that comes to chicago
like they'll be like we've heard a lot
of lou malnati's don't know to go there
hi my name is jessica i'm from elgin
illinois my favorite kind of pizza is
everything peppers deluxe me Oh olives
all the onions onions jalapeno nice and
si racha gosh wait what about crushed
pepper red pepper yes that's fine Carla
and what is your favorite kind of pie so
what's on a breakfast pizza
geez a lot of cheese and sausage and
sausage so it's like a breakfast burrito
but it's pizza I love it special
shout-out to Kenya what's up Kenya I
wish you were here I can make it I'm
here with your friends though you guys
are friends cousins cousins what oh nice
that's the second one second BBQ chicken
Harry and what's yours I'm very typical
and I like pepperoni that's how I am too
what do you think Kenya's favorite kind
of pizza is what can you say alligator
sausage kenya post in the comments let
us know if we got that right i'm colleen
either giordano's with pineapple cheese
or lou malnati's went to dish with um
mushroom and blue colors get everything
ready here we're good glasses okay
what's your first name Myra Myra ma yra
and what's your favorite kind of eating
pepperoni that's definitely one of my
favorites spinach so just spinach no
spinach and cheese like our white sauce
or red sauce like my time that way Jen
would say the same thing white sauce
yeah and spinach we're on the phone
Justine I've been asking the same
question you guys know the Saturday a
million times my favorite kind of pizza
i'm talking like hey you said my
pepperoni cheese spinach oh god Ronnie
amen all right we're asking a different
question to kind of changing things up
right now you have to say what your name
is and then what your favorite kind of
ice cream is my name is Jeannie and they
fit what kind of ice cream is rocky
rocky road I love that me
Jane so go get deep dish pizza and
record do a matching all right Ian we
just called and left you a message on
your phone you're working at costco
right now I've been watching all your
videos and things that you submitted I'm
here with your family classic cheese
pizza combo like a like the deep dish
geez what deep dish from rare though
manatis Lou Malnati's any of it because
I it's my favorite it's all good doesn't
matter can't go wrong that's awesome I
en next time we'll meet up have some fun
we'll take some pictures of the skyline
this is Ewa and her dad's from Poland
and she speaks polish so she's going to
say what her favorite pizza is in Polish
you pretty much just say like with an
accent like you're like oh really yeah
looking cheese like this oh okay say
pizza say good morning sweet world and
polish uh how would you say you did
nothing but it that's I don't really
notice a sweet world do what oh yeah
that is that Judah no busy world it's
nice to me they drove an hour on
Father's Day weekend and dad drove /
which is really nice thanks dad I don't
have a choice haha dad you are driving
me yeah she into all that assisted and
nobody wanted to talk like Tyler help me
convince my sister and she didn't want
it so like dead please please and you
did that is so fun thanks so much for
coming VMA jinxiu EMA EMA Jin Qin Yu
Jing kwiat jinxiu ya think you are dang
yeah yeah I try I try haha very soon hey
hang out my other fellow Illinois
bloggers right here
I don't want to be on the vlog Illinois
family vloggers unite we're also like
say my patents right now oh you're in a
slant okay so back to back back foot
bullets come I have a really big
backpack on oh yeah you doing last night
yeah yeah we're in them heels and
everything so guys what's your channel
so everyone can check it out but it's
pronounced matter the flutters that was
my favorite video that you guys did this
is how you really say her last name
calling in Katie's video trying to
pronounce it I haven't see that the
ponies that's so funny got a cute little
baby girl Noah's been trying to hit on
her all day bubs so go check him out
favorite kind of pizza favorite kind of
pizza meat lovers or just pepperoni more
oh yeah that too marillion garlic that's
good and no it was playing yeah he's
trying to take over feeling guys we're
almost wrapping up there's a wedding
over here that's about to get rained out
guess that's what happens when you move
our meetup I hope it stops raining cuz
this is so sad it's like sunny you were
training you guys how that song
yeah you too babe haley nice for nice
meeting you thank you for all so I
should thank you i miss you I'm gonna be
sick it's Saturday night lightning and
raining like crazy and everybody is in
line for Andy's custard slides out to
the street everyone today or a lot a
couple of the girls so they're talking
about pink shakes from portillos and
that's kind too far right now and I
really want something sweet yeah like
cookies it's much better whoa I just
wanted to say that every single person
that came out today was awesome i'm
sorry to a lot of you that tried to make
it out but it didn't work out because
you were working or just timing and
things i know some people said they had
a graduation party at three there are a
lot of people are tweeting in sudden
they couldn't make it we'll just have to
do it again another time the meetup was
a blast you guys are awesome people I
love meeting everyone that's as part of
the family and then when we get together
like they become friends with each other
so it's like yeah seriously the family
cut it was so hard amika figuring out
like who is with who or game ilona not
because i feel like everyone just came
together right that's what I thought I
kept asking me oh did you guys well come
together nobody's met ya it was a well
connect so thank you everyone it was
really fun getting to know you thanks
for letting us get to know you that was
cool and thanks for answering my silly
questions about pizza I just like
including everyone in the blog and so
that gives everyone an opportunity to
say whatever they want and I like it
because everyone feels like there's so
much a part of our lives but it's nice
to do this and feel like a part of their
life
ok there you got a conversation so so
thanks for coming yesterday to tomorrow
if you choose to I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood this is like Ron that
movie is a great town
I'm sorry you staying dry besides I can
sometimes it goes sideways so I guess
yeah this is crazy it is like a line to
the street
