what's up family Co it's Mack from the
Philippines and my god manga manga my
Thomas na mundo
take a morning sweet world
good morning sweet world were on a
little afternoon outing for some lunch
Nath Nath grill part 2 good hey you love
something so much why go somewhere else
you're gonna go out as well go back to
that thing that you love in this case
the gen and Africa Logan
and this little guy enjoy I'm gonna grab
me a pop but I think he likes them more
than you
making noises talking I got the steak
humus something
these are fries but they look like chips
but they're fries would you get my
falafel ball I know I got whatever
anyone would give him Neji feast
Hey you going the wrong way yell if your
feet up but
today's been a very nice relaxing day I
think I'm taking a nap every other day
we've been here because it's like when
I'm at home I feel like there's
something else I need to be doing so I
never nap when Noah's napping so here
I'm like oh there's nothing really I
need to be doing kinda like we're on
vacation so I've been taking naps and
it's been wonderful oh wow they're going
far see I'm just spun him around and
around and around there's a quick little
spin but he liked it ready
well well how big is know we're so cocky
Lisa this evening I want to talk about
lunch today what's called nap Mehra you
know I went to Chipotle the first time
which I really loved but Jenna just
raved about Nath Nath so I was like all
right you know I like trying new things
I tried naf naf out I had a hummus bowl
with steak in it
genius idea I love hummus you guys know
that and then they ask if you want spicy
like sauce on it and things so they put
a ton of spicy sauce on it so it's
because you like spicy hummus salad
salads
cabbage all sorts of things like good
flavors
pickles delicious so if you like any of
that kind of stuff
go try napkin we want we were curious as
to what Nath Nath girl-like was but
couldn't think of like the type of food
it was we found out that it's a Middle
Eastern food Neff Neff is the fan they
used to nap uh grill well that's my
thing we think it's a fan that they use
you try to look up try to look up what
Nestle yeah what's nap enough means
write in the comments what snap Nath
mean because there's a lot of different
definitions for it but I think the most
common one was that it's the fan that
they used to keep the charcoals hot I
don't know supposed to see this whoa hey
hey mister
don't tempt him already yo what are you
doing man you don't play some ball we're
just laying low today we just played a
little bit of hockey I was in the bottom
knowing he was catching it
well not catching it videos stopping the
roll ball his life I'll get you the ball
which one do you want this one the
volleyball and the basketball are you on
the basketball
is that the one you want oh you want the
hockey stick I thought all heavy for you
man okay all right mr. hockey guy whoa
compliments to the chef really good
salmon this is the food vlog food vlog
no how's the broccoli and rice we're
celebrating fathers day him a no-match
type so that's gonna take a cafe Lisa
pick who's our dessert for Father's Day
dinner chocolates I was feeling it's
like he brought you chocolate huh I bet
it has it some sort of chili chocolate
or something I'll take one square
there's something in there there's
something in there fireworks chocolate
hmm well that's good he's popping with a
touch of heat and a popping sensation
that will ignite your senses
yay
maybe so he looks so funny with just a
onesie and shoes yeah
but we were out reading on the driveway
this morning something happened to mrs.
Lisa - miss Lisa
look at those kneecaps oh my goodness
coming to the light I got this way let's
go to the kitchen light we got so
sunburned just underneath two spots of
red it looks like someone took a spray
paint can on her knees
it keeps something I need for very warm
they're so warm oh my goodness alright
thank funny we need to go find an aloe
vera plant in the neighborhood just
relief off can't wear sunscreen even
when it's cold and you're waiting in the
driveway yeah remember to cross your
legs frequently - she was sitting like
this there so red it kind of matches
your lipstick oh man
in other news no she's gonna make some
little crocheted flowers for Christie
mm-hmm not the flip-flops just the
father's looks like I'm not the only
normal person around these four
this is how my dad starts his popcorn
with a little bit of Si Racha and the
bowl what's next
some Liquid aminos this has really
become the food vlog I'm I'm eating a
flamin ah Freitas and some oil
and this is the popcorn that we're
eating over here Jones is so good
almost popped popcorn Liquid aminos not
as good as Liquid aminos this has become
the official but you were right about
the bush I think he only got 42 points I
think you only got 42 but I just have
one question what's this game called
Tyler displayed
Quibbler that weird vine Randy's playing
this every night when you're at home you
find all these different keepsakes that
may be years ago it didn't mean that
much but then they become more important
as time goes on one of them being this
book called our little boy my parents
filled out all these different things
about me when I was a baby
it's Sam this book seriously goes
through everything everything including
what was popular then people that
visited there's my sisters when they
first saw me and we have like a lot of
different video about this but there's
also some fun details like the growth
chart okay so twelve months old I was 21
pounds 30 inches Noah is like how many
pounds do you think it was like besides
you are when you were two years old
yeah I think Noah's close to 28 pounds
he's a for-sure 26 that's how big I was
at two years old yeah has like all the
memorable firsts when I first started
walking five days before I turned a year
old crawling sitting up nine months no
called the six and a half months oh no
what I'm like what I did at the
different months watches made well no
and then this is really interesting
because this is what we're coming up on
19 months all these different words and
19 months are things that I said mommy
daddy didi
lynnie like I could communicate pretty
well Ernie big bird poopy Amen old he's
snow oh and then this is me and my first
birthday so ok funfetti cake chocolate
icing
yeah ok funfetti and chocolate icing
look I can see no one there there's a
video of that I know I've seen it
now here's me and my second birthday I
feel like this is what no isn't look
back at this age I'm gonna wait 3rd
birthday I mean my mom has other photo
albums and things but it's interesting I
think I see Noah with like the cheeks
uh-huh the lower half of first Christmas
first Eastern cheeks and chin this
picture is the picture I see Noah the
most if you cover like the top of the
leg that it's like oh that's Noah this
is white just white you look for like
you look at you he makes that same face
like facial expressions no looks just
like Sam you make the same facial
expressions but features he looks like
me when my favorite parts is messages to
our little boy which my mom and dad
wrote to me when I was a little baby
we kind of recorded a video like that
for Noah before he was even born on
Father's Day a year ago and maybe love
to record kind of something similar just
a couple messages to know it now that
he's a year old maybe we should
a little Europe one in a week yeah
so reading these it's kind of fun to see
what my mom and dad were thinking when I
was born and now we have our own
one-year-old almost I love that we made
the video before he was born too so
that's it for today tomorrow we're
having a little Meetup we're gonna see
Tyler and Haley again and the countdown
to Noah's birthday begins because from
tomorrow it'll be exactly one week until
we have a one-year-old
it's weird cuz I almost want to say it's
like a second birthday because I count
the days born as its first birthday yeah
but that's how it goes alright anyways
we'll see ya
today I know Italy still counts
we will work
