good morning sweet world my name is just
a father who has known as and you're
watching simcha vlogs good morning sweet
world
I'm the live from London and you're
watching Seneca blogs peace we're headed
down to the rally in Chicago
well here we go hi it's no one Grammy we
are celebrating here at home because Sam
Jenna car down it Soldier Field at the
Family Cup finals celebration having fun
let's see what's going on down here just
was beginning the coverage over Chicago
ready to bring you the celebration you
can see hopefully they're going to get a
glimpse of the players and the cup
you're taking a live look at Soldier
Field now a stadium that's folded
capacities sixty one thousand five
hundred people and of course that
there's floor there today gonna hold
more on the ground all right Jen says
we're on a date today because it's that
first time without Noah for a very long
time
let's have helmets on I've always
dreamed of coming down to the parade
every year that I miss it because I'm
away I'm sad
and today it's becoming a reality
like up
we have spotted a fake cup
let's go don't even number of that was
failing cop with a Jersey on
you're good
no one's making you they so right now
we're headed down to Soldier Field
that's where the rally is the parade's
like back there we're making the trek
out are you would you rather be a look
later really the rally I am you never
know if you even get like see them yeah
fun fact to Buckingham Fountain that's
where my sister got engaged Jason
proposed to Christy right there they
were living in the city another fun fact
shut up Graham buy-one-get-one-free
something like that have to do her hair
black eyes here there's the fountain yo
that's where we started Sears Tower and
now we're over here Lake Michigan's out
there we have our fair share of
characters in this group basically alive
like Twitter feed of nonsense high
schoolers
partying at Penn in the morning 21 what
we're all unified in one thing the
Blackhawks and another chain of nature
we've arrived we made it it's like a
two-mile walk kind of sweaty but I can't
wait I'm so excited
maybe we actually you've got tickets in
it
we made it to our feet a couple minutes
we're pretty high up but I'm pretty
excited we also decided like those lower
seats out there really wouldn't be that
great because you're not even facing the
stage
they're arriving at the stadium they're
coming they're coming careful not to
Patrick says that's Hakeem a believer
here and I know that guy did better with
this Cup than I did it looks a lot more
legit
Haley
the big pack sweating so much once a
night
people are everywhere this is like
nothing everyone's over there guys that
was an amazing atmosphere being there
with United and something that we all
believe in the Blackhawks I got chills
multiple times when there's from the
video when a chemo demon and picks up
the cup other parts that's great we were
able to come it's crazy it's madhouse so
many people everywhere sardines cold
Lake Michigan om jump in Lake Michigan
hey what's going on oh just kidding
edited not in the vlog dude how was were
you at the rally
I was how was it wait is your name Mike
yeah oh yeah Mike senton and intro we
use the couple I use it for one of the
games where he's like quahogs yeah now
we're finally meeting yeah Harry I mean
me go did this guy my brother needs to
come back we're gonna ball there you go
you're use ball in last night he's my my
Chicago boy is missing today we also
just did a tricks and story with him
about to see that yeah dude Bulls next
year next year ah zoom in there's Keith
I just met Keith I forgot to film there
he is hi Keith Mikey bye Keith thanks
for treating us and saying hi you should
change your avatar from the egg to the
picture we just took Maddie and it feels
so good like we all made sure
so me and my little donkey do any rooney
here I gotta be with these chumps these
are my lucky socks yeah I've never lost
when I'm wearing these sure are you hot
in that sweater take it off we're here
and shy town and it's so hot I'm like
sweating whoa selfie stick at the beans
selfie stick is the meaning say I'm in
the back I'm here lively Chicago
an old Marshall Field's company behind
me now known as Macy's oriental theater
over here Chicago theater over here
Christie actually was in a show there
for the Hercules premiere we have ESPN
Studios over there they're actually
broadcasting live you can walk up to
this video and wave and they'll be like
what's up also you have known
nbc5 was gonna interview me yesterday
and put me on the news they said I lived
you far away so Wow now you're on the
narrator first hey we're gonna go visit
a j.crew model now this is one of the
most amazing views that you'll get of
the city I'm used to seeing the city
like the whole skyline from the water so
having this perspective of Pi is pretty
cool it's easily don't confess that
right there is where the Black Hawk
symbols would tell me this is not the
cool CBS you've ever been in
making sure more things fit with Matt
this is Tyler's favorite i'm very store
ever
very proud
it's very cool we're gonna sleep the
ceiling and things for your big fan of
CBS you have to make the trip out no
matter how far away you live
like all the way
keep going keep going oh that guy's got
some dreads he was nodding his head at
you Tyler dreads man was nodding his
head at you anyway we're gonna head back
home cuz we get to our babes and we'll
see these Yahoo's on Saturday which will
be fun we're gonna have a meet-up
Saturday nope
stay tuned cuz no no we're yeah wow look
at how tall look at we've walked out on
those little guy things we've been on
those
for the first time all day hey
