Bob forever welcome to happy Saturday
it's soccer Saturday everyone we're
about to head over to the soccer field
for Noah's game this morning and I mean
yeah I say it's a game buddy's panic I'm
playing this game okay real um he is so
over soccer which is like kind of sucks
past that and I thought he would love it
but it guys my once like very aggressive
child is not aggressive anymore well for
the most part like he's not aggressive
towards other children at all anymore
thank goodness but now he's a little
softie which is good but that means he
doesn't like to play against other kids
isn't that right good morning so we're
gonna head over to the soccer field and
then tonight is our reward
trunk-or-treat
it's finally Halloween day finally the
first of the Halloween days and
someone's very excited about it so now
bring it sucker stuff on and have fun
morning
Bob forever welcome to well you gotta go
see a picture name you have to open up
that yeah I'm sure they can traverse hey
c'mere c'mere little and gate wait
what's that Dustin thank you we just
watch this episode season 2 episode 2
stranger things - so Dustin actually
doesn't wear his hat for the episode but
dude your hat looks amazing on you look
just like Dustin
let's go zap some ghosts and we've got
this adorable little on uh who the
princess who's a princess see me yes you
are
she has a Ghostbuster costume but she's
just all about princess right now so we
let her pick hey let me see your pretty
dress
oh you pushing your spider in the
stroller that's really creepy oh my
really odd I'd have one here because I'm
sweating with this I don't feel that hot
but I just keep feeling sweat drops oh
my gosh you looks like coconut head and
Jimmy found let's play at their look and
well she's like I'm not my skin's not
wide enough I'm Latin barb again just
like I was lying on the last year I'm
Latin barb but you know I mean even
after will yeah you look great
oh well she's and knowing our ward
really knows what's except for like four
people maybe so this is gonna be
hilarious like um you guys need to work
no mom my mom and dad just won best
couple
oh they were Lucy and with his name he
was Ricky Ricardo and they looked
amazing
I'm gonna get a limo video me and know
walking down the street you wanna go
that is perfect even better even better
put it in your basket put in good job
since you got your first prize she's
like I wanna go again
my wakes the one knows lasted what that
was like two hours almost gentle as her
son we don't want to make them wear it
the whole time we're gonna set up our
trunk for trunk-or-treat it is a little
hard I was thinking this year everything
goes on sale 50% off on November 1st
they wish about the Halloween
decorations yeah 30% on the house and
everything
yeah no votes already 50% off is like
normal price that's the hard part so we
get this set up if you want a candy you
have to reach them to the eyeballs and
slider to get one know would you stick
your hand in there and get candy yeah
yeah don't do that it's brother kids all
right
got our spiders in our cobweb spooky Oh
actually looks pretty good
hi big it that works for me all right
we're gonna go trick-or-treating
come on Penelope you got so much candy
we got another night of candy ain't
coming up police is here for dinner yeah
I'm gonna put it you hold this okay and
I'll scoop it in ready and you okay
shake it on top shake it
hey go what'd you say yours
say thank you look at these oh my
goodness she made these what is called
lava cakes again yeah hold on baby hold
on we got it first a bit yeah slip it
first flip it okay I'll hold this food
yeah yeah okay
cut the bottom pilot speech a touch it
like this okay you want to lift it up
this is like some master chef series for
those called ramicus seriously good job
oh no not all of it okay that's enough
sugar how amazing is this cake police
made for PJ all the sequins rose gold
glory look at that thing okay and this
girl is feeling the chocolate are you
feeling the chocolate oh goodness
we had a great night at the
trunk-or-treat Halloween is still coming
up I'm not sure yet what costumes we'll
do or if the kids will switch this up I
always feel bad like forcing costumes on
the kids and no a gracefully was like I
wanna do this I want to be like you dad
I we have a little pop figure of Dustin
so he was really excited about that we
were looking at pictures and Ghostbuster
stuff but he might just be a Power
Ranger fractural Halloween we were
thinking about making PJ a Ghostbuster
with us which didn't really fit the TV
show we also do have a little outfit
that she could wear to look like 11 from
the show so maybe we'll do that for fun
or at least take a picture but she's
obsessed with honor she's obsessed with
Elsa she's obsessed with all the Disney
characters so real quick wanted to
finished the giveaway for the Super NES
because there were only 414 comments on
that video the winner is a little bit
like I saw my name go by us on my name
go by the winner is Tracy snow Tracy I'm
gonna try and find you or contact you
Tracy I don't see you at message you so
tweet me might tweet probably would be
the best or email me whatever and yeah
we'll get it to you okay the next one is
for the extinct box from that one video
I showed you guys everything that was in
it you have a 1 and 260 chance let's see
Len loves Channing you won Len loves
Channing I just responded 20 or comments
please contact me as well I feel like
most of our viewers are older but if for
some reason you are under 18 or you live
at home in your 18 I don't know make
sure you have your parents permission
before you like give us your address or
something to send it to I don't want to
freak anybody out
I do have one more Super NES I'm gonna
do a giveaway on Instagram this time
I'll post a picture and I feel like
there's a couple more things that I just
want to give away there's gonna be
eventful week of vlogs get ready we'll
see you guys tomorrow
peace peace
