good morning sweet world tonight death i
say hi baby noah happy day now okay me
what what happened first of all I'm
dying because my sister sends me a text
hey I can't help you serious are
actually jealous she just sends me this
picture okay i'm gonna show you all
right who is that in that photo please
guess its supposedly a youtuber you have
ten seconds five then you guesses that's
alright because it's no one yeah is that
she goes I thought it was Katie nice
that he totally played along I treated
Casey nice and he's like who is that so
then I look at key soon I said it's
Twitter can't tell you're being
sarcastic that my sister goes I'm sorry
for interrupting your phone call Casey
nice that that was funny you were too
great yes what are you talking about who
is that man and she goes he totally
played along I thought it was you
awesome my viewers told me that about
you because we both NYC stopped him for
them or something that sorry I know ha I
love you sis and then Mike I'm minute
ago he goes that is not me that isn't
even close to me I can't tell you're
being sarcastic besides Casey nice job
what we're really talking about well
today today the tickets to soldier field
went live to go through the rally for
the Blackhawks thank God
and we got some nose bleeders know we
all have like three computers & ipad
going and Sam was the one who got
through the downside is yeah we only got
two we only got two but we've still got
two I did not trust that I would win any
at all because I know how hard they're
together two million people at the
rallies last year probably three million
people won four tickets there's like
sixty thousand maybe seventy thousand
half the city must split up you can you
sit there and the website was crashing
here before it started yeah I just saw a
button to say search I didn't see
anything else so i just clicked it and
that's why i only got two but yeah but
we still got two there's nose bleeders
but he's still watching so he gets to go
see that and popper going alone haha no
no it's really fascinated Papa you like
your papa Oh for socks yeah you get the
mutt the rock that isn't most mud let's
see your hands I hear him right we hear
an ice cream man and one of my
sister-in-law's my mother-in-law said
tells the kids it's a staple likely sell
staplers so they don't want the ice
cream and I wish my fit my family would
have done that because we were like that
we scrambled it was just like panic we
scramble to find the dollar in the
cushion it's like who has four corners
who has fifty cents goody fifty cents
making music they are kids got money and
easter eggs uh-huh dollar in plastic is
race and so that was their ice cream oh
look smart it was never just right by a
door right was always in some guys
hiding place it to find the ice cream
truck money pretty cloudy today it's
little that cold out here though
again I wasn't way Noah how big is no
well I see your belly what are you doing
up there hey hi small human today I'm
gonna getcha oh he loves his daddy o
Christmas tree o Christmas tree how
lovely your branches she was like a
young Mozart ladies and gentlemen I
present to you the one and only Noah
grey
he's working on it he's got a little bit
tempo is pretty good we're heading to
portillos which is a must when you're
here and we're also debating about
birthday cakes for noah's birthday i
vote big cake Jen boats cupcake no we're
gonna do a cake I just that's the only
thing I might get to borrow about when a
first birthday is a giant cake hey mom
talk that I'm up with it every time I
hear you guys see the blog always a mess
I don't necessarily like look how soggy
the red hot peppers I'll get it dipped
in the juices so it's all delicious
surprise best cheese fries even the
Coker's better than anywhere else yeah
my opinion know what do you think yeah
you just had his first like old french
fries he's waiting for grammy and papa
bring them some spaghetti I give me a
French my mom they also have good salads
shut for a little walk it's a little cut
along as up there Christy glass yarn
bomb XD glass the armor zombie of yarn
bombing Christian glass human bomb
matches their little 4th july mailbox
we're just out for a little before
bedtime walk around the block for noah
give a little more fresh air before bed
he's quite tired though he's really
tired today huh well no we love you
much oh I think mom don't sleep too I
think I'm out we might not see this guy
until later tomorrow because we'll
probably be leaving super early in the
morning to go to the Blackhawks relative
weight probably seriously yeah we got to
get down there fast and it's gonna be
crazy there's gonna be so many people
heading down makers what do you have
sandals sandals I better gonna kill by
the end of the day you can borrow
someone so this will be kind of like the
longest time we go without seeing a
little dude this'll be the first time
yet we've gotten a couple dates a couple
hours here and there but not like 12
hours or not probably even 12 hours but
buddy we're gonna miss you yeah we're
gonna miss you I miss my old maybe the
next time we win you can go with I'll
just be a lot happier at home being able
to take naps and hang out with grammy
and papa so i'll be fun for him so you
can end everyone all right mmmmmm i
shared this in the periscope and i want
to share it in the vlog now because i
think it's too cute kind of funny kind
of strange but it's cool we were playing
some game or having some discussion one
time and the question was asked if you
had to give yourself a nickname right
now at the table what would it be my dad
immediately said rip and then my mom
said foxy so now they go by ripping Fox
you have said then the vlog sometimes we
don't really call them rip and foxy that
often but it's like another name that
you could call them if you wanted to so
whenever we leave or someone leaves
there's always like notes on the doors
you know are welcome signs this one says
aw rip you are back to where you belong
sure missed you love foxy ah rip you
still stir my mush welcome home and this
is this oh see my skinny foxy so
when they drive in from being gone or
whatever there's these signs I think
it's pretty cute pretty fun especially
as my parents you know they're empty
nesters now they just live here alone my
mom's going to turn a big a
this year am I going to say mom cuz I
know you'd kill me but pretty cool
accomplishment and no one would guess
your real age so anyways I love those
kind of fun tomorrow we head to the
biker rally we'll see you then great if
you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood some healthy
options just getting the healthiest US I
got some old work over here and
