for me I'm Stephen I'm Jessica this is
Gordon and this is William and we're
from vlog to nowhere and you're watching
semicolons go Hawks
good morning everyone is so nice today
it's like warm out and there's nice
breeze so we're playing out here for a
little bit no I just had a ball with
those rocks Sam's parents have this old
car that I think I don't know what kids
they got in war but around for a while
pretty old school gasping big mom keep
pushing me okay let's give the
cul-de-sac here we go
yes keep eyeballs because his feet don't
really touch yet so I can just push in
without him speaking stuck his feet
barely touched are you driving a car hey
okay that's a boy you got your pink
walkie-talkie in your car his feet keep
slipping under so we're gonna try this
they've either so flexible oh my
goodness
you driving oh oh oh no steering wheel
abort abort
sealing reel off oh I didn't go fix this
boo no oh gosh now I learned that he can
pull it off every single detail
Noah's aware of it how is your lunch
today so good you came down 2008 develop
for lunch
would you have a falafel no it was a
bowl with falafel in I realize that
waffles are the deep fried chickpeas not
the same nap-nap grill that's math grill
okay your Black Hawk shirt time but I
think help people know well let's go get
in the fountain
back nap girl that we got no no it does
look good that whatever I got was super
dude look he's obsessed with this Furby
furries are so creepy but I'm not
surprised you like something cuz it's
like Yo Gabba Gabba
it's really creepy shall we go did any
of you guys have fairies growing up I
never had a Furby I had a love love
McDonald's repeat yeah that is like a
McDonald's Ruby did you have you had a
real Furby Sam already did Cory had a
real Furby and put your mouth your
finger it's beak and feed it isn't a
suitcase Nelson here
perverts are so creepy that low no but
you like it that's all that matters
ended up like burning it seriously like
the hammer nothing like a beautiful
summer day in the Midwest
you got your racks that's true super
humid yesterday and today it's beautiful
I've never felt camera last time I
didn't either
yesterday I was dying I was sweating so
much as I call it so you know I forgot
babe don't hurt yourself
it doesn't be much more eventful which
is why I grabbed the camera I think it
could I just want you to fly off no hold
your legs outwards hold your legs out
the steering wheel pops off keeps
pulling you off we've been outside no
we'll go through his nap I actually took
a nap which was really fun I was like
out I was like dreaming it was weird and
then we've been outside ever since
look at this father and son duo just
pushing this little guy in a car
dear buddy you guys hear this one of
your proud moments babe your son shots a
car riding off into the sunset with his
dad
one thing I love most about this
neighborhood is all of the shutters I
love the shutters on everyone's house
cafe visa in the house let's go get your
Sri Racha on the plate I can't even say
Si Racha mango ho kind of flower sweet
potato fries and pico de gallo
you were that sure that worked today
half the day after the day I smoked on
top the champion Stanley Cup champions
2015 2015
straight off the press if you want to
get your teeth cleaned and you were from
Chicago would you like to see her
dentist wearing a shirt like that I
would I'd actually go to the dentist
just because of that so basically we
have here is some healthy options which
is good it's good for us I don't know
he's eat the healthiest ice I got some
pulled pork over here and I like this
guacamole from Trader Joe's chunky
guacamole made with Greek yogurt which
is better than sour cream what we do on
nights like these when it's so nice
outside is we get our food right here
we bring it out on a plate when we take
it to the front porch and this my
friends is cafe Lisa look at these
little guys out there gardening look at
this
Noah are you gardening with Papa you
helping with the garden gardening going
well we got growing out here we've got a
couple different squares of things
sprouts Tomatoes got some strawberries
that are going crazy over here
this is strawberries are here that's
right here right yeah I don't even know
what this one is what about this
tomatoes yeah and this over here
Tomatoes Tomatoes
what's that lettuce lettuce onions are
growing well you hoping papa
oh I think I step I think I just stepped
on a bunny guys this is not for the
faint of heart there's a bunny right
there oh no no uh I think I just stepped
on the bunny ah guys I feel terrible I
feel guilty I feel like a terrible
person because I just stepped in the
grass just normal grass and I felt
something kind of like like I don't want
to get tuned in details I was like well
that was a weird step and I look over
and there was a bunny like jumping
around like a fish and he died instantly
my dad's picking him up right now
I went to get a shovel I come over here
and there's another bunny right there
that I almost stepped on and killed and
now two of them have run into there
they're everywhere
they've run away from their mother I
feel so bad I stepped on one of them I
almost stepped on another one just like
going to get a shovel because apparently
there's baby bunnies all over the grass
most rabbits and bunnies here you know
they'll sit there you can walk up to
them slightly and then they'll run away
no this guy hiding in the grass and I
step on them still terrible we need to
take you back to your mother
what do you call my shoes now bunny
killing shoes no that's what the huge
tools are for we had a bird's nest and
two baby birds way up there right up
there one of the birds wouldn't leave
the nest we came out and the nest was
down and found the baby bird
and the mother knocked the nest down so
the baby bird would learn how to fly
that's there's something that's deep
looked it up but you were mowing the
lawn as mowing the lawn and I saw this
little movement and I stopped and it was
the baby bird and I almost got it but I
didn't cuz he some hopping away is I'm
hopping away and hopped into the bushes
haven't seen him since meanwhile I just
stepped in the grass and I'm killed
bunnies I need to go in timeout
ok meetup should we do this
how many of you guys are going down to
the Blackhawks rally slash parade and
we'll be in the city on Thursday I'm
thinking that might be a good time after
to meet somewhere possibly how many of
you will be there let me know I also
have a friend another friend that are
gonna be out there so that'd be pretty
fun
I'd really like to plan something but I
don't know what do you think let me know
see the mom
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood that's me
