hi good morning and welcome
no what are we doing a meze there's so
much more to explore here huh lipstick
on your face so pretty out here
oh my goodness Sam's showing his parents
the nerd bird
hey what's in your mouth no wha what's
on your face some open mouth kisses for
Grammy
I just went to jewel-osco
it's a grocery store here in Illinois
and come for wearing their Black Hawks
gear everywhere their jerseys shirts we
wanted to go see if we get some deep
core for the night but it's already kind
of picked over
so what I'm gonna do is create my own
suddenly cup to hoist tonight if we win
what if we lose the next three games
don't say that knock on wood do have
your socks on least we're together
can we buy that foil dress for this yes
VI why would Sam are you doing the most
separate I thought you're gonna just do
them all together like one that might be
better so that way it stays together
right she's not major doesn't need to do
with me an art major
hey guys put the pretty side there you
go I feel like you need to print out a
Stanley Cup champion and tape it to the
front the final touch thanks to the
newspaper go Hawks
oh I'm not going to touch into
oh we're Oh No get out not that much
oh it is pouring right now some people
were kind of laughing at the way we
reacting to the Lightning the other day
in Utah we usually don't get a lot of
rain and nothing like this
this is intense shout out to that guy
mowing the lawn while pouring rain what
is going on got people playing tennis
pouring rain got shirts on their heads
some other people were there doing
something standing around but you're
able them once you're sitting down he's
kind of heavy
okay all right looks to be walking oh
yes I just got the best job oh yeah oh
that's a good one
oh yes he's walking all over the place
no come here oh he wants everything at
my words they're so good they're so good
are you here week everyone about two
weeks he's gonna want everything
anything I do grandma isn't it crazy
that this is my son
well baby Sam
oh wow yeah your hair is blowing he has
this new fascination with building on
the two things at one time I just want
everyone to see your setup here this is
how you take all your photos for
Instagram iPad on the fridge lucky socks
are on thundering and lightning and you
guys know what that means the moment
we've been waiting for all day
what's the feelings mom he said
Christmas Eve gotta have some pizza
buffalo wings some fries how you feeling
dad oh it's good it's a good feeling
it's a winning feeling yeah good yeah
yeah they're gonna play hard and gonna
win the game you got your vegan pizza
ready you can pizza I got lemonade
overwise raspberry lemonade yeah Chicago
kind of night - the vegan part but you
know Jen how do you feel how do you feel
good Noah do you feel oh you must be on
cloud nine you got your pizza and
strawberries you excited say go Hawks go
or just see pizza in a really cute way
all right
the anthem tonight is gonna be insane
I'm so nervous but I think our guys are
ready I got faith I think we got this
look at ya
go
ten minutes left
the Blackhawks have been playing great
but we're still only up by one goal
which means just like that it could be a
tie game and all that hardware it goes
to
there's only one minute and 30 left oh
man just I just want those last night to
go fast
Lisa sir alerts from screaming so loud
what are you seconds there now 40
seconds oh man I can't handle this
shooting 17 seconds of game left
come on come on just hit it - sit it out
just sit out just hit it out Oh what was
that Oh such a trip oh oh oh
swing that's hockey baby I'm going
tonight Duncan as well yeah
Kant's my guess and Duncan Keith Sparty
zone gentlemen the Stanley Cup
Wow look at all those tiny names written
on there now the bigger question is
who's gonna be the first person that the
cup is handed to you Jonathan chase will
go up and pick it up the captain and
then he'll hand it to someone who
probably hasn't won ever I'm going with
chemo yeah he's like Patrick Kane hit
the game-winning goal against somebody
doesn't end and now Patrick Kane hug the
minute there we go he's gonna team in
and give it to him give it a cop yeah
boo oh here's ago two years ago to use
the other one next year to 2013 there
kind of watering for now he's like come
on Skeeter
you know what to do with it was a first
time ever
yeah and he's played forever oh he's
been in the Stanley Cup final
then he hands it off ferment
he just got traded to us my friends said
stutters sitting in the cup she sat in
the cup when she was a baby - Lina this
is daddy so we heard I'm with a TV or
radio I can remember on TV on the news
when I'm at my grandma's house that some
of the Sports Authority places like
Dick's Sporting Goods sports 30 are you
open super late I want to end by their
shirts their championship shirts so
let's go Sports Authority at 11:30 at
night is it 11:30 right now I don't even
know what time it is
there's lots of cars here people coming
people come on to get their shirts
everything they had tables laid out and
the only thing they had left over was
small and a new shirt yeah
that was it they're like oh we're
holding on to everything else until
tomorrow we open up at 6:00 but you
don't get my comment until what cuz they
don't want to disappoint people but this
is the thing yeah people are gonna come
tonight I love the shirt about 1:00 in
the morning you know hashtag first world
champion hey guys
now just see if they have shirts and
it's packed look at all these cars I
hope that shirts for us and that they
bring out more because they weren't
bringing out anymore at Sports Authority
Sam's currently on a periscope back
there I just really want my shirt good
three large yeah possibly you have
someone stand in line quick because the
line is very long any help
oh okay thank you do you think they
should get one of these women's what
would your mom want a women's one babe
signature
which one do we get there's too many to
choose from Sam Curley wants to get a
flag for the car right we're trying to
figure out basically what shirts to get
cause there's all these different kinds
there's insane line look at that look
checkout line all the way back here and
check out up there but there's so many
people the spirit here is so fun the
towel everyone tell your mom say yeah
well mine is all over here
worth that's some dedication right there
people out past their bedtime yeah
Courtney I know you don't want to have
lugs but we got you uh everyone in there
were so jazzed it was so fun
Sam's gonna put the flag on will you do
the honors of rolling the window up let
it fly baby you let it fly guys this
growing man next to me I guess I'm a
grown man Jim yeah he's like a 40 old
man got hazed a little flag up too just
came in to Dick's we got our flag back
his flag and we're riding baby we're at
it I love this town that is why I love
this city I must say this city's fans
are very dedicated fans for all of the
sports all the teams in this town
seriously oh can you imagine if the Cubs
like oh my gosh no the town will just
shut down I'm telling you what I'd fly
out and find a ticket oh he's behind us
the legends
uh-huh twins there goes black oh this is
really blowing I was blowing ours isn't
blowing ball team we did it we did it we
did it we won you guys were there with
us throughout the journey I got to be
here in Chicago huh every time I go and
see the Blackhawks play in Anaheim I win
2010 and they won the Stanley Cup I did
not see them playing in haim in 2013 but
I did this year yes but you remember
that block with my brothers my brother
Derek
and we want it again something cool to
witness history glad we came out and fly
out yeah you glad I talked you into it I
wasn't it was like let's just go so I'm
happy we're here gotta cherish every
single moment who knows when this will
come again maybe next year maybe in 10
years maybe in 20 years or next year
right thank you now we gotta get ready
for the parade and we have some other
people come into town which will be fun
I think I need to confirm it but it's
gonna be a good time you love you guys
thanks for coming along I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood the Hawks are
undefeated when I wear my lucky sweater
and socks and they've done really well
since Jen and I have known each other
three cups yes we started two years
together and we've always been together
for the Stanley Cup final
