good morning sweet world I'm Morgan from
South Carolina and you're walking sir
michael blogs beasts oh my goodness
sometimes you had to do something a
little bit crazy and that's today you
guys are crazy or crazy
mmm
there you go dear playing
you say
oh yeah
Oh
Oh
after all you say
these are gonna look Chicago where local
time is 49
made it home sweet home
mother yeah
farther hey are we crazy or what we made
it we made it he's finally asleep
finally asleep big boy check this out
from welcome Sam Jenica and Noah my mom
always put to sign up for whoever comes
home visit 1248 p or a.m. and the
party's starting we haven't eaten dinner
do you wanna say hi did uh like Joey bug
hi Joey bug miss Lisa here hey what time
do you have work at 630am 630am 1248 no
mom skinny as can be alright let's eat
some pizza asparagus yeah that's very
nice you know the secret dead what do
you think about this the secret to
Beyonce his weight loss is what she's a
vegan she's a vegan yeah there you go
are you vegan here she dad's hoping to
get a booty like that oh that's all
you're vegan trader joes SI racha sauce
this will do nice SI racha burrito
that's all it is oh yeah with a sriracha
already
so you guys must be wondering what
happened they just hopped on a plane and
went to Chicago what is going on
basically this is what happened saturday
night when the Blackhawks won I joked in
the vlog about maybe going to Chicago I
was like man I do not want to miss the
parade or just being there if the hawks
won again because ever since I've moved
to Utah I'm always in Utah and I miss
all these moments with the teams that I
love then on Sunday we went to church
came home we were eating no went out for
a nap and we were just kind of laying
there on the couch thinking about maybe
taking a nap ourselves when we facetimed
my parents and we joked and said hey
what if we flew out what if we just
watched it together had a fun time the
Hawks win then we can head down to the
parade have fun it'd be a good trip I
didn't come home to Chicago last summer
I was here for Christmas a couple months
ago but I had no plans of coming this
summer either so I was kind of like sad
because I just love visiting home and I
looked at ticket prices for flights and
they actually weren't that bad and I was
like ah we can't do it because it was
330 almost 4 by then and the flight was
at seven so we live about an hour and a
half from the airport take into account
parking getting packed no was still
asleep just everything we would have had
to leave like right then well 20 minutes
later was when we decided let's do it
john looked at me and she said hey let's
have some fun let's just do this and I
was like oh I love you let's go so we
packed through everything together
really quickly I even grabbed the nerd
bird no was just waking up from his nap
we got everything to go I rented the day
hands asses like dude I'm leaving bulova
if you could check on this and that with
our place he's like what's going on hop
in the car race to the airport safely
and we made it and our bags made it with
us too everything worked out and now
we're here I'm standing in the kitchen
that I grew up in and we're ready to
watch the blackhawks tomorrow night and
I'm really tired
but it was worth it Noah was crazy on
the flight absolutely crazy we were that
couple with the kid that just probably
was driving everyone nuts good thing
he's cute there was another baby on the
flight that was one year old and she and
though were kind of an fun together and
stuff but we thought you know getting on
the plane seven o'clock know usually
goes up at seven fifteen hit the bottle
ready everything that he did not want to
go to bed and it was crazy so that was
kind of wild and I feel bad being that
parent with the crazy kid but we made it
no one complained for the most part
people smiled and waved and now we're
here we're ready will the Black Hawks
win we'll see I think we're not fun
either way and it's just good to be home
and spend time with family I think all
the time about how I'm spending my time
and how I want to see my family more so
living so far away you know for so long
it kind of stinks so when we have
opportunities like this why not make it
happen do something crazy every once in
a while so there you go we're in chicago
game six tomorrow night blackhawks we'll
see if we're stanley cup champs that's
your hope we win see you guys tomorrow
place if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood and don't
worry even in the craziness of packing I
brought my sweater and I brought my
lucky socks let's do it
