hello and good morning sweet world my
name is Isabel I'm from Germany and
you're watching cemig of locks alright
we just went on a little mini expedition
to find mother here upstairs the best
percent donut hybrid that exists when we
stopped at one place hopefully it's
pretty good Noah picked it out say mom
we've got you something it's a croissant
doughnut right up oh I thought you were
like let's meet at Gangnam style or
something oh my gosh i was just like
going upstairs and turn around and he's
doing that and I just fall over on the
stairs so funny cokin Islam oh whoa do
both was your might be you're doing is
so much better up when I was upstairs oh
my gosh I was so funny Saturday's are
for cleaning right and tidying up this
crazy man's been working he's an enemy
well cuz i had GoPro footage yesterday
and a road over here today with the
GoPro up during the game sweet I wonder
if I'll fit in there
gosh dad we're having so much fun before
you got here whoa look at this fancy
hairdo go go we're happy again I'm gonna
you can't go on top its gonna break its
gonna break its gonna break where's
daddy where's daddy i'm going through oh
no waste is my crush you gonna crash you
okay where's daddy wait look at oh my
gosh babe that makes me cross if I were
just looking at you I'm really oh my
goodness oh he wants to chat viewing
sign oh my gosh so buddy oh oh wait wait
wait I got to get a far ways out of this
like it oh my gosh this is hilarious oh
my goodness haha Noah where's dad
where's daddy stuff gone up the other
don't break my box either no was having
fun climbing through it what i was
saying for the camera ran out of space
was that I think my next task is that
closet because there's just everything
just shoved in there now want to be more
organized that way I can get like the
swing and stuff in there but it's a work
in progress I think it's better than its
been a even swept haven't slept all the
dirt and stuff out because we
accidentally left the garage open and
there was a sandstorm was like a wind
really win one deep date wouldn't be one
moving it anyway now we're playing with
the box oh my wow oh wow okay now it's
your jumping ready jumping ready
from tears one second to laughing the
next second we just need some
tap-dancing shoes for that tap dancing
floor ok let's do we burrow now ready
littleborough a gift for his house Chuck
enough don't hurt him real Bureau
wheelbarrows Blue Dog is his best friend
he wants to take him everywhere he goes
now yeah like he insists not us yeah I
help him he insists on taking blue dog
out of his crib like I try to leave it
in there and he cries I'll probably have
to get another one yes we will because
he's becoming very very attached more
texted Blue Dog Ventus but you know I'm
very attached to you ding no put your
mouth back on it he he's currently doing
the kylie jenner lip challenge while
making noises haha here so soon that was
so funny come on I was epiphany joke
right that was really funny I was gonna
say also that I've just realized you
know showerthoughts yep doing your share
with us always I just had a car thought
okay and that
that as a parent oh wow here boys cannot
choked up good voice is cracking try to
cover it up yeah I actually know about
the emotional oh really oh you're just
joking and I your voice cackling eyes
are honored thanks no your voice crack
you're trying to cover it up you're such
a dad this is apparent you never grow
out of being emotional breakdown proud
of your child oh oh I'm seriously that
emotional or data I'm like my dad ya see
no I was just gonna say like I was
thinking about I turned around and he's
making those noises like somebody that's
cute and then I was thinking about like
the first time when your kid like just
even smiles at you are you still getting
emotional no the first time your kid
even smells I you just like acknowledges
you there like makes his face and you're
like oh that is so cool i'm so proud of
you and then you know then they do the
Kylie Jenner lip challenge you're proud
of him again and then they learn to read
and you're proud of them and then they
start running into playing sports or
dancing or martial arts or whatever you
I have to do and then they graduate from
college and then it's just like one
cycle of forever be proud of your child
oh then they have their own kids and
then you're super obsessed with their
game your grandkids okay let's stop no
one's own only one it's forever you just
forever happy and proud of them forever
there's always gonna be something to
look forward to in your child's life
that's true wow that's quite the car
thought is quite thick I thought Oh your
dad's very proud of your kylie jenner
lip challenge and your fart noises we're
so proud of you yep
yeah we're very proud of that noise and
I proud of you stop I love you they just
built a yogurtland here so we're gonna
go to yogurtland cuz we're like going
there in California and it takes your
idea oh they said just want yogurtland
so does jen here's what you want see
here I think every was also just looking
at this right here okay see the space
what what does this space look like it
should be you guys have three more
seconds to post and say what you think
the space should look like it should be
a Chipotle I think I need to contact
Chipotle and started to pull here is
that a good idea I mean come on this is
perfect the right next to yogurtland
there's like a weird obsession with cars
like wants to touch all the grills
first trip together so but
huh
oh yeah
right
there's a pickle next to you yeah right
there a pickle are you sitting down for
a little rest no has been trying to pick
up every single stick that he can see
it's kind of dangerous cuz then if he
falls I've said like a bad got like that
16 one is eyeball yeah dude watch out
with all those sticks yeah poor stick
where'd you find all of it today you
have like eight rocks in his hand we're
just here hanging out at the quad of
Utah State yeah what sup with all those
sticks dude work there for every year of
college where'd you go oh no no oh no
you can't get me you can't get me no no
you're not gonna get me you can't get
you can't get me you can't get me don't
do this oh thank you I love your kisses
hey what me oh is phase after that kiss
was so cute yahoo's cheese and hardcore
after that kiss I'm gonna get you know I
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you huh I love summer walks
are the best these guys are the best
good one love it Oh
just walking with our babe is it he took
cute one two three one two sweaters on
it's one to one going into the third
period your socks on oh my goodness
that's what I'm missing all right hold
on let me go get my socks moving magic
socks are on that might be why we didn't
score all the goals when we had a chance
is a really important game I have the
GoPro set up in case anything crazy
happens a burglar breaks in bird flies
into the window whatever may come free
looks like he's gonna get a great chance
movies oh I'll gonna let the Corey
Crawford just a fist opportunity coats
great the wheelhouse doesn't even hit
the down my head man just let it go be
look for
done much wrong in this game either team
live to go third period of pivotal Game
five Blackhawks ahead soon one touch
there is Lily there goes the goalie Oh
one more win it what Jen was right it
was the lucky lucky socks we won by 12
to one every game has been decided by
one goal it's been super close super
intense we're going to Chicago I
predicted the Hawks to win it all in six
games which it's looking like is a big
possibility right now it makes me want
to be in chicago and go to the parade
Jen gonna road trip dad yeah there's a
girl oh my goodness I would love that if
we won I was so mad I was not the parade
and 2013 the last time I wanna read
though it's always like a couple days
after well let's not get too ahead of
ourselves it's tough to win one more
game we have two chances sometimes you
had to do something a little bit crazy
and that's today
I know parlor hey are we crazy or what
