good morning sweet world we're from San
Diego California and we are daily
bloggers over at the Davis duo's and
then you're watching Santa Claus go
black ox the creature Noah in his
natural habitat
what's he doing digging funny a place
for his treasures can you see it
I missed the wild Oh hiding in the
bushes ready to jump out of his prey
Thor didn't do it now can't just have
the scooter you mean at all
Oh yep a few little claps I even keep
walking Oh
Sam went to go get the mail and he or
she takes no with him so I just decided
to get nose lunch radiant I must say
this lunch looks pretty delicious to me
look how colorful it is another dirty
that's not really colorful it looks like
a pretty good lunch I'm so grateful
Noah's not a picky eater yet I hope he
stays not picky because it helps me out
a lot because I can give him basically
anything there's some stuff he's
starting to not really love he used to
like raspberries but now he doesn't like
them because they're like a little too
sour sometimes strawberry any other
fruit he really likes and cheese he
always that's like one of his favorites
Turkey I'm still trying to get him to
like enjoy eating but broccoli is one of
his favorites do so I think you will
thoroughly enjoy this lunch hopefully if
not huh he's gonna stop I'm just kidding
parks make this kid so happy are you so
happy
right he's the happiest wave outside I
love it cones did you find your pinecone
this is the big part compare the ice huh
no let's try and see how many pine cone
seat you're holding this hands at one
time you got like four five we keep
trying to get more and you can't hold
you can't hold them all buddy hey doing
spirit front bangs a plaster to your
forehead of sweat you guys made your hat
here buddy
it's so hard for me to walk on this
woodchips goes into very uneven
that's why I just cut up those leaves we
just went to the pool we just went to
the pool and had ourselves a really good
time
dance dance baby dance dance bourbon
dance dance / bear dance dance baby
dance thanks dad days shake you laid up
this is seriously the first time he's
danced just standing up by himself so I
think he's kind of confused because he
usually holds on to something like watch
if I hold on if I hold on to his hand
and then let him dance oh dude you're in
the lungs oh you know a little product a
little lotion dance baby dance shake you
little Buddha stays shake a little booty
see the little booty let me let you in
on a little secret you probably have
money just sitting around your house
that you don't even know about I always
like to sell things I like to sell
things on the classified ads eBay garage
sales whatever it may be when I was kid
I sold beanie babies I had a man come
over to our house I sold them beanie
babies and made like 1500 bucks
got myself a bike I think we've bought
my mom a treadmill because she helped us
get the beanie babies in the first place
but you seriously have money just like
sitting around your house one thing that
most people have a cellphone right when
you get a new one what do you do with it
do you just throw it in a drawer never
to look at it again give it to a baby to
play with
I sell mine this phone I got for 300
bucks it even has has like a crack in
the screen oh look at there you guys her
has a crack in the screen kind of and I
put that all listed it you know sold it
for 200 bucks shipping it out today
totally worth it this vlogging camera we
used for like an entire year almost it's
a pretty expensive camera but we got an
awesome return just selling it on eBay
and then you get that extra money Jen
would say hey put it into savings it's a
great way to save money
I often use it as like an excuse for fun
my god it's fun money you know we can go
get a pair of sneakers people with video
games if you have like sports games sell
them a month or two before the new one
comes out that way you already have like
half the money to get the new game
that's something I've done my entire
life I feel like it saved me a lot of
money and also allowed us to have a
little bit more fun and get cool shoes
love you Jen
Jenica definitely keeps me in line if I
didn't have her my life would be I don't
even want to think about it
I think Noah just woke up hey buds you
sound tired
yeah anyone that says their child is
perfect it shows you that it's perfect
it's true right
so you said it's true we don't never cry
did you never cry do you just perfect
you don't whine or anything we made
those life baby that's life
as your off time the nerd bird makes
another appearance taking the GoPro in
the pool so learning how to use that I'm
just
oh no it's funny I'm just a head oh no
no no hope you guys have fun weekend but
yeah
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
that
you want it excuse me
