I said welcome to Sami car Fox welcome
today I said welcome to Sami car Fox I
hope you've had a good day today don't
forget to thumbs up the video guys good
morning everyone I'm here with Noah talk
dad said you're talking to the camera
now oh my goodness it's such a beautiful
day and Noah has something great to say
he does this thing now that whenever we
hold the camera and put it on him for
like standing here next to him well so
I'm going to look at you guys and say a
little bit more and then pass it over to
know it because you've got one more
thing to say to you I'm just gonna
scream we're gonna go check out a new
splash pad that they just built in the
area cuz no has never been just bike
ride and I was really sad when I was
really sad when we moved from the really
cool one by our house it's really not
bad I don't know it will be fun for Noah
and they'll be easy for me to like watch
him and stuff but it's not the coolest
thing I've ever seen but let's see he
might like it if you likes it we'll be
back but if not then we'll stick to the
pool just trying something new
are you guys helping push the wagon in
we went on a wagon ride but I forgot to
film them and it was so cute and now
look at them no I was like I think it's
like the hardest thing is everybody such
good helpers such good helpers you guys
Sam just turned one these babies have
known each other since before they were
born Stacy before they are born before
in utero and probably before that too
yeah seriously
okay go in they're gonna walk up the
stairs the clouds just rolled in
another storm oh my goodness well let
steady wins the race
GoPro GoPro let's get right into that
chicken bacon can chicken pan chicken
pan chicken pan eating good tonight
doing this uh croissant thing what I
call this is like adult hot pockets
that's what it looks like I'm gonna set
this up well no and I play together
though I kind of have to use my GoPro
enough and I would like two more I don't
want to hold it like this and vlog with
it I probably look really funny because
I have it on a really wide angle I'm
gonna start taking it in the pool and
especially on our adventures in this
summer let's play know what ready over
your head
you wanna eat the camera guy oh man you
just eat the camera dude you even camera
this looks amazing
best ranch in the world right there Noah
started crying because all he wanted to
do let's play at the GoPro but then you
started chucking and everything and he
just kind of in that face of life now
where he's like my way or the highway
Oh Jen you're doing work everything
always looks easier on the pictures and
on Pinterest you ready for the game
tonight you want some basketball guys
this is like a dream come true look at
this guy
psycho what's going on shooting some
hoops
this is how you avoid scuffing your
kicks you just ride these babies around
wooden entrance I wonder how long it
took him to practice doing that oh I
feel like everyone and their mother has
those right now every leg binder had
that and yeah oh yeah selfie with one
Stuart edge has one that might be my
closest opportunity to try and went out
because he wanted to film a video this
weekend but oh yeah got the Cubs game on
my phone shout out to trap Tyler do we
sit home run I want to see these adult
hot pockets I just really want to go
Cubs go go Cubs go the reveal here we go
Oh does it actually look like the
picture there very much that's awesome
um ready go
just at 25 miles on the bike and then a
one-mile run cooldown I got a long way
to go until I can do 100 miles so I'm
gonna have to come in like every day or
every other day
until then shirts they're gonna be done
soon I want to show you guys what I've
been looking at ah but I don't think I
should but I want to but I don't think I
should this is about as close of a look
you'll get right now ah
snapchat Tyler's the man he's a very
talented artist and I really hope you
guys like these we got some fun ideas
and this won't be the only shirt but I
think once the final one is done which
could be any moment I think I think you
guys will like it the one thing I can't
believe I haven't done yet with the
GoPro is bringing it in the pool what am
I thinking I'm just not used to having
it but I'm excited to use it hope you
guys had fun today I'm gonna let Noah
finish out the vlog
my
the day
ah I wish it was Saturday already and
guys the shirt is way too close to my
Blackhawks one someone said I should
donate to a lightning fan that might be
a good idea
