this is Tyson and Amy from waters life
blogs we're on vacation in the Caribbean
and you're watching Amitha blog tired
really anything else you want to say
Frank doctors okay was that it hey
thanks bubs I love you
he knows when we pull out the camera
that yeah yeah when you brought the
camera you know they're your arm and you
talk to it huh yeah very well sir videos
I think it's a breeze you never read
anything else anything else okay
yes heard of your first
it's your new car seat I'm so excited
finally this kid will be so much happier
I'm so glad came this morning and not
this afternoon because I have to go over
to Aaron's with this kid and it will
make it a lot easier let's open it up
you like a new car seat so far but it's
not that color I got like a blue color
seems like oh that's ugly yeah I was
like no it's fun and I'm just like a
boring gray car seat it's be fun and
blue and cool and okay let's just pull
down Oh I think someone's fascinated by
it already honestly guys this is one of
the main reasons I bought this car seats
because it folds completely in half and
you can get like the strap to carry on
your shoulder or as a backpack so let's
go and it's like memory foam cushiony
and really soft so yeh let's open it up
let's bolt it down here we go oh here
actually any this under here okay he's
currently climbing all over it being a
little bum yes you're being a little bum
bum it's really cool right it's like
blue and squishy stop that Bobby this
should be interesting although he fits
much better in this than his old car see
I must say I just can't decide if I
because there's like a pretty big gap
between these two holes you know I might
have to do it on the lower one and just
yeah okay car seat is in it wasn't as
hard as I thought it was gonna be it
just required like Sam's muscle strength
because I was too weak so that helped a
lot um only downside is I don't think
they sent me like a shoulder strap to
carry it which I'm kind of annoyed about
it's crazy that we're saying bye to the
baby seat I'm a big boy now how you feel
about the new car seat
oh yeah let's give them back I'd they
can't do Danny nuke I see look at you
can see so much better out the window oh
you know put him on your head he's been
wearing those classes a lot of this
morning and I feel like it's given him a
little extra attitude like look at you
you're like a little bull rider about
whales the Whale Rider swings with
friends look at that smile do you think
I'm taking your picture her front teeth
oh my gosh the last time I saw you right
look at those two weeks same time he's
brazen yep hey lazy boy in the big kid
swings he looks so big cheeks are so red
next to that red chair yeah tired your
face is so red know soccer is usually
well some of you call it football is not
USA is strongest suit and we just scored
another goal it's 2-1 USA vs. Germany
with about two minutes plus extra time
left we just beat Holland to like what
is going on with the USA squad there
just gear enough got chills from that
last goal I'll just sitting here waiting
for it to happen and then Oh out of
nowhere
I'm also very excited to watch the rest
of the Women's World Cup first time ever
the USA is one in Germany I know it's a
friendly but it's still pretty cool put
it in context but it's pretty big deal
for the USA to pull that out I mean
Germany is always very talented and then
later tonight we have the Blackhawks
versus the Lightning Black Hawks are
down two to one
it's a must-win for us tonight just took
a pregame shower I'm pulling out all the
stops tonight lucky sweater lucky socks
haven't worn any of this since Game one
also got my Black Hawk shirt on
underneath hopefully this is exactly
what we need to win the game anyone have
any weird superstitions like that we're
wearing this actually affects the game
when it doesn't but it really does got
some pizzas going it's a game night you
ready after he will put your jersey on
okay yeah I know we kind of win tonight
man we have some friends from over to
the Black Hawks fans we got a win
tonight we we absolutely have to win
tonight and I'm nervous are you nervous
predictions Jen do you think green Owen
I think we're going to come out hot
firing bang bang make it happen it's
time for Kane and tabes to step it up
what's going on a little too much good
we're watching the Black Hawks scenes
with our friends tailing Tyler because
Tyler's a big Blackhawks fan and look at
this little baby hi Nene no her
nicknames Nene isn't that perfect and
then but it was their name good nickname
before the song guys hi hey let me see
you Nene
it's so cute Sam's freaking out right
now
hardcore freaking out and there's a good
storm brewing there's like lightning
outside again tonight I don't know how
we'll win and they have a goalie out
what it's a home game cleaning this pump
this pump yeah pound it pound it pound
even though you rained the wrong color
who dressed you this morning they did it
goodnight what do you mean that's know
I'm not a pub your breath smells like
sour cream and onions
no it's Doritos tie game or tie series
to to it's now best of three I better
win this bet in my Blackhawks better win
because I do not want to wear another
lightning shirt how many of you think I
should burn the Lightning shirt that I
own yeah
because what if you lose with the wear
it and the other way
sports history Danny brought up a good
point yesterday rumor was there's a Babe
Ruth Jersey hidden under Fenway Park and
that is why the Red Sox were terrible
for so long I have a lightning shirt in
my closet I at least need to go bury it
in the backyard help me help me decide I
think it might be worth it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
