good morning sweet world i'm rebecca
from texas and you're watching Sam ago
blogs what is up guys today decade
universes getting feel from the channel
chin immersive gaming and you're
watching this I'm a couple logs with Sam
Jenica and baby know what that guys I'm
just sitting here watching my little boy
play outside and reading your comments
while eating a sandwich and I want to
cry you guys are so sweet I feel like we
have like the best viewers ever goodness
gracious you guys are so positive and so
kind I really appreciate it I was being
a little hard on myself like we all are
we're all hard on ourselves but you guys
just really know how to make them feel
good so thanks I appreciate that it's
been um I don't even know I'm glad you
guys are listing all of your strengths
and you're so positive and so kind and I
just love em it's enjoying reading these
they're so fun thank you so much guys o
cider I see your little spider crawling
on the ground crawling crawling crawling
crawling clock oh wow you see that jump
oh gosh I need to kill that before it
gets to Noah go away spider this little
turkeys just playing in the dirt sorry
it's a little right goodness he's just a
glowing baby hey mr. Tam boy
hey that's a garbage Jill hey I can't
see you tan boy just wanted to get into
everything get this i was out anything
that has wheels he loves to like go push
examined check out i use my mind i like
the lawnmower guys this morning oh yeah
when I took him to get the mail he just
stared at them to where you going you
want to go see the lawn mower done with
the pool already it's like yo where's
that bomb what we're at
or is it do you see it
yeah the lawnmower I know coolest thing
I've ever seen in my life Tanis bullying
the neighborhood behind you I'll plead
him to the street
Chris
oh man oh man do you guys watch American
Ninja Warrior because if you don't you
should it's like one of my like new
favorite shows from last year I started
watching it and John Horton who's on the
USA men's Olympic like olympic
gymnastics team is trying is like
competing right now and he just did made
like the craziest jump and it's just
insane you guys like need to watch the
show I've got to rewind it and show you
guys because it was so cool because he's
so short you guys understand like this
guy is only like he's like 51 52 and he
made like a 6-foot jump okay you gotta
watch if you guys don't know I'm like
obsessed with the Olympics and
gymnastics in particular love gymnastics
during the Olympics I'm so excited for
next year anyway so I know that he is
like whoa John is John horns competing
in American Ninja Warrior I didn't
realize he had competed last year so him
making this jump is like crazy okay so
he has to jump from this swinging pull
up to this one like up he has to jump up
look he made it look so easy whoopsie
let's see if he gets any farther I also
don't quite understand why oops nope
what happened ah resume resume oh
goodness no also I don't understand why
in this show like at each city it's like
a different course I feel like it has to
be like the same course to make it fair
I don't understand so if you guys know
why each course is completely different
let me know because I don't feel like
looking it up and tell me in the
comments because I feel like it should
be the same like they should go to each
city and set the same qualifying round
for everyone one more thang Sam's at ba
night so that's why I'm here and I'm
looking through photos editing for the
tricks and website and watching Mike and
into warrior and I might have had to
otter pops i sees no he what he wants to
be the shortest guide ever climbed
Warped wall and he might do it right now
let's watch together see if he does it
come on come on come on come on oh come
on John come on John he could do it
oh I hope he gets it oh no way first
finisher of the night that's crazy I
can't believe he just did that I love
the show I've been like cheering for
everyone I feel like my mom could like
she gets like really into shows and like
yeah look I feels just like her right
hahaha yo what up look at that stuck no
look at that stuck Oh Dion for reference
are we have a banana so stand there
dejan for reference haha look at all
these boxes that just happened late
night it's I don't know what time it is
1 34 35 jen's a good sport she let's me
she let's me be crazy sometimes because
I'm probably gonna get a breeder right
now and then she'll have to lay next to
me to smell my breath for the rest of
the night also snapchat Tyler sent me a
text today and gave me a sneak peek of
what he's drying up for the sanic
assured he says he's gonna finalize it
tomorrow which means this is gonna
happen very soon I'm pretty excited
about that alright let's go get some
burritos welcome to the land quality 3am
meat sweats I guess that's more than one
word rancheritos used to be called betas
you can't even see the sign stable every
city in Utah and it looks like that okay
we're looking at the salsa very closely
Aaron says it looks like murky water
look at it sir please turn that vlogging
camera off I've fill in the blog time I
okay bye guys I just said on daehan's
walk that Matthew dellavedova's can
the new NBA logo someday just want you
guys to remember that you heard it here
first well secondly this is my favorite
place to eat but I do enjoy the salsas
which Erin just said it's like murky
swamp water it's like an extract my
kool-aid who do you think you are Shrek
cool a shirt kool-aid always team green
salsa band day waiting for order day on
any words of wisdom Matthew
dellavedova's great flow Matthew
Dellavedova is the greatest of all time
Go Go pink drink we call the chewy birth
of a chicken I have included a thumbs-up
Umberto's
and they make thats a burrito by french
fries anywhere you go that calc on you
Bruno right they pop carne asada fries
definitely did the biggest seller ever
heard of here first go to robertos
people in Colorado that was kind of
spicy Aaron said that he'd pay me five
dollars if I drink her not drink but eat
the rest of the salsa I just finished
another cup I'm this last bite to me
this is like a pleasure bottoms up
ah you're
what do you think you are hmm what do
you think you are huh Matthew don't
think you can just pull things like that
get away with it it's all about this
also i just paid you for kidney stones
did you really baby yeah oh my gosh
kidney stone so as I'm Erin choses me to
eat anything hot alright did the green
sauce candy the red sauce drink about a
thing yeah yeah go get one I feel bad
cuz I seriously like I kind of enjoyed
that so I feel bad taking it double do
it like that sorry Jen it's like spicy
in my son eating that spice here no sex
me see don't do it buy it rad rod bad he
not worth it stupid already did it
you're needed it three of them like good
angel banning zone I have no watchable
swimming I can't cook on the run oh hell
that's on the 20 what yes to the dark
back it's refreshing it's usually I
enjoyed that my drinks awful lot it's my
first time that I've done that but I
felt good for now I'll update you later
salsa it does the body good next time I
get sick i'm just gonna chug salsa and
it will kill everything off the
spiciness will see us tomorrow nice go
blackhawks can reach if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood whoa
what the heck no i'm selling feeling my
sis ping oh what's going on whoa why
does it keep disappearing what's going
on this is crazy look at that wow that's
amazing
