good morning sweet boy I'm a pillow from
a good India and you're watching samokov
log burning sweet world it's Anika from
Minnesota and that's my dog and you're
watching Sam collage piece good
afternoon sunshine boy so I used to
leave nose door open because I wanted to
be like here I'm it kind of mine too
nervous having his door closed but he's
been waking up you know like I told you
like 530-6 like super early so then we
had covered his window with the sheet
well he was still waking up early and
then I was like maybe it's because his
doors opened maybe that light is what's
like waking him up in the morning it's
like good morning sunshine and wake you
up so the past week I've been shutting
his door and he's been sleeping all the
way like if he goes down 730 he'll sleep
until like seven or 730 today I think it
was yeah seven uh-huh he's just smiling
at me yeah he keeps saying dad no sam
walked through the door and said dad but
the other night we got home pretty late
unicode bente like 830 he woke up at
eight-thirty like he thirty in the
morning I was like I should have been
closing this door a lot sooner it's made
a huge difference for us in sin with nap
time his naps have been a lot longer
since I've like put that sheet on this
window are you just playing with the
water bottles mmm thank you anyway we
are headed to poky Pocatello today good
old pokey for some work meetings and to
shoot some photos hopefully we get lots
of stuff accomplished and feel good all
of these postcards need to get signed by
peeps so hope we get that done let's go
let's go crazy man mullet man let's go
hey y'all this one I stuck like we're
gonna make me Dino I mean on her right
now others Casey what's going on over
here no one is obsessed with riding
scooters our neighbor has one who loves
it this is all he wants to do well I he
wants to go outside really bad too but
he's just loving this scooter he looks
like such a big kid on it good no it'd
go right that scooter I think we might
have to get him a scooter for his
birthday maybe I'll have grand Puckett
us scooter shrimp Grandpop you use good
oh it's like standing like a pro to get
some good scooter skills get some good
scooter skills uh-huh denna nananananana
oh this little feet I can't handle a
little feet position
I stopped up like Baghdad come on more
more and more oh okay he wants like
cuddle himself push it bubby push it yes
like more dad more push me look at you
take trying to push himself yeah he's
that fun he also has not had a nap today
yikes I'm marking into a safe I'm inside
of a safe we're gonna do a photoshoot
for tricks and today Jenna's heading
that up she just set up the studio
should be some funnel trying its and
video of it this is the pose I'm in a
pole you can help me with my Myka my red
hair and makeup let's get it done come
on Noah let's fix that hair up yeah yeah
refreshing the pink hair you look good
yeah baby powder that pinky up
this is what it looks like for the
person standing for the photo this guy's
officially knocked out and this is
afternoon nap
that's that on my shoulder right now I'm
just kind of lay there
this is his first time sleeping on a
couch I put him there I was kind of
worried that he'd fall off so I just put
pillows all over the ground so in case
he rolls off which will probably happen
he'll be safe
Oh
ooh
step out of the photo shoot we're out
here in nature look at this it's
absolutely beautiful dude what are those
lookie leave those cows there's rain in
them Hills cows tight cover what do you
think of those you're gonna go ride one
welcome home cows I don't know if you
guys can see but there's some modern-day
Cowboys right there herding them cattle
back into their I don't even know what
to call it pasture oh man we just saw a
snake over here too and someone just
said other rattlesnakes out here I'm
pretty sure there's some snakes with
some big bugs Jen how's the shoot going
there you go oh excuse me get out of my
frame i'm straight do this guy's still
tired this backdrop behind us though it
looks fake does that kind of look fake
at the postcard is that real is there
giant green screen here Hannah I
wouldn't be surprised we got photo shoot
over here cows over here
boy
take your time Noah's hanging out with
all his buddies it's guys pine cone and
a dart yo what's up homie shown you
jumping skills Oh got some yoga skills
Wow no uh where's the cat
girl tool oh come back Oh erin was a
blast place about 10 minutes ago that's
how mark Thank You me know I'm the last
place because Sam was happy to steal all
my stars relationship goals my butt
Thank You Fey Scott the one bear and one
which I'm happy about cuz I'm glad he
didn't win here's the great yeah you
were air thrusting my stars right I was
taught to the very own with his air
truster I start I was up there for a
while thrusting you were aired cold air
thrusting my stars James sure I hate
video games and this is why because I
lose I hate losing I'm a bleeder
restarting will do game night we'll make
a video of us playing pirate party no
she put again I'm trying my sore loser
happen another map a few moments later
Sam sleeping outside night on the bowser
level 97 stars three short of 100 that
would have been really a lot something
let's go to the graphic ladies come into
the weather today how did you had to
suck it damn cap screw me over yes good
number like 5 time is best in spike
invested spike oh gosh I hate video
games hate losing you hate losing to
second so yesterday was a great day I
actually fell asleep uploading on the
couch the vlog because we got home
pretty late and then we unwound played a
little mario party good times I promised
my niece that I would record us playing
mario party and make her video so i
might as well upload that to youtube as
well I barely got to document this but
you have to watch js vlog about the cows
whenever he uploads that it was quite
the adventure read a lot of fun though
the photo shoot went well I played Gavin
engaged in horror
and that was fun they're actually really
good at those behind the back shots and
they almost beat me but you know I've
been working on my craft for a while I
hope you guys had fun it's very cool
that Jen and I are able to do something
together that we both truly love and
enjoy I also love watching Jenna in her
element get off serious like come on
guys let's do this take some pics good
job done you did great anyways we'll see
you tomorrow love ya base I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood I will be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood I woke up
like this
