oh my goodness you had a baby why who is
this guy
not yet returned the bangs up wow we
look oh my gosh look how creepy fix it
it's like a freaky haunted house family
fun night tonight and we're covering
pumpkins Mike and Elliot are over yeah
mommy's just doing the baby we actually
made dinner and she brought over stuff
for dessert shortcake you had garlic
bread and one really good and I'm just a
pasta and it was delicious and now we're
coming pumpkins you guys Sam found the
most perfect giant pumpkins for dollars
are you cannae a target for dogs for
this most perfect huge pumpkin my
pumpkin that's out front
what's reading like eight nine dollars
and these ones and sturdy this is our
great
so hey just got a target don't go to
pumpkin patch patch was really fun
anyway we've got the odd man Sam set has
the light orange
I'm with the table all set up Noah is
ready to go he wants to go now dad got
him a little pumpkin yeah he got him a
pumpkin Oh Mike a dollar without pumpkin
- Noah is carving his own pumpkin with
adult supervision
and he drew his own design can you show
us the design you drew what's that guys
what do you call that right there that's
a spider-man
3 there's a three-year-old spider-man
yeah put them up a little bit but he did
this ice it's the spider-man guys will
you help me pick that's one of them one
of them is for Superman to pick from
which one should I do
no one wants me to do that I kind of
want to do that one those guys show us
your pumpkin not it's done and carved
out Wow when you took off the Capitol
most look like there's a light inside
your manger is also this set yeah I
figured that Superman would want to do
you know Wonder Woman shine goes pumpkin
I like these little ones are so easily
cars
another publican Oh mommy gross oh where
she went
love your pump every second and love
this little this little pumpkin sweet
little pump
what are you gonna make woody gonna make
me do you know yet just don't eat it
icky icky BJ no no but not raw pumpkin
bread pumpkin pie cut raw pumpkin touch
it no I dare you stick your hand in
there dude yeah one hour later this
these paper thinks sometimes are just a
disaster like alright I think I'd be
much more successful alright so my
pumpkin was kind of bamboozled by my own
kid
there was a very thin piece and he
thought I'd be fun to tear it apart but
it's not that bad actually it looks kind
of cool kind of actually that's pretty
terrible that's not that good it almost
looks like a Blair Witch stormtrooper or
Iron Man Blair Witch Iron Man storm
trooper do you finish did you finish
that one looks good was that the
Cheshire Cat Oh yours this region looks
good
got it orange light
I like it it's good the most peaceful
baby ever I'll just say her even when
she's awake and not make a peep
my goodness you had a baby that kind of
a click it's Noah from the single like a
dark-haired PJ gotcha
the next bombing Sam just text me during
my nap because yes I take naps and PJ
naps and he said I have a surprise for
you are you awake and I said well the
doorbell just woke me up so yes I am
awake he told me what streets he was on
and then I was like going through
instagrams waiting for him and I saw
people posting the zombie Frappuccino
and I know he went got up taught me
pretty much you know with Noah
I hope so I'm really excited to try one
here is all about the hype of the fun
for Al Pacino's we tried the unicorn
property note and I really liked it so I
was really excited to try the zombie one
so see I just heard the garage door open
I told us that I heard the garage door
been creepy I know what it is wait can I
guess it's on it's on the zombie
Frappuccino yeah saying is it really not
I'm sorry
don't let's leave but let's leave don't
let slam don't let it slam I knew it I
knew it when you said what streets you
run I was like there's no way they're
not getting a zombie frappuccinos I mean
it hasn't melted it has melted a bit
that is good it looked like brains when
they did it it's not good no hey you
wanted to try this not fruity and
somebody like the unicorn one where it's
all sugar it's green and purple and they
put like blood on it and stuff well the
rain parts Apple backwards good is it
it's just like down here
I don't know that dark bit is
yeah I think it's mostly like Apple it's
like a caramel apple that might just
taste like chocolate that might was good
that's it was really good this is so
bizarre
the so bizarre cuz like the more you
drink at the better it tastes I don't
know I probably should be drinking it
but yes I'd let they call me booty yeah
hold anything I'm good booty but it does
miss a booty but it's boo exclamation
point
okay daddy don't look okay I know it's
constant don't look daddy
turn around yeah it is blown up I tried
you're both more oh my goodness you're
so cute oh my even legit back back to
you oh my gosh hey ya know ya know this
is way cooler cuz it blows out of this
is a preview preview what's a way too
tight it was like because all the way Oh
baby Ghostbuster so cute and I'm the
goat I'm sitting just me oh I am a ghost
I am the ghost yes
Wow I wish you could see my face when
that clicked Wow let's try to fix your
gun a little bit come here why who is
this guy
not yet returned the bangs up oh my
goodness the bangs are definitely look
at me hi today is a fun night I'm
actually going to a ballet and I'm
really excited I got my make oh no
there's no space
we at least just went to the ballet and
it was so great except with the ending
and also we really look like siblings
right now good passes we really could
access it dimples brown hair glasses Wow
so for those who don't know this is El
Padrino sister
Dilys and we're neighbors oh I've
survived you guys we just saw Swan Lake
and it was beautiful but the ending go
we did we go around right okay um yeah
it was it was great but at the end she
went to tell all her friends that he
betrayed her and she chose the owl dude
it said for true love and Suze flew
bye-bye flew away and I understand
really sad I will do it was scary and
he's the one who that was weird it was
great and there's just lots of wedgies
and weird colored tights nude colors
just dancing beautiful I always wished I
was ballerina the music is really
music was amazing so I'm like was the
very first ballot effort I've ever seen
back in high school
I know I see if I didn't remember
anything remember this oh no way to talk
did we really want this far down yeah we
did
I'm gonna leave this rolling in case
someone tries to kill us we have
evidence of us walking to a car because
it sold here actually this city is like
really nice and doesn't smell gross or
anything it definitely is that where the
sounds play right there oh my gosh look
how creepy it's like a freaky haunted
house I think there's like zombies I saw
that we found
five dollars goodness
