good morning sweet world I'm Nora from
Saturday Ben you're watching sanika
blogs enjoy hi I'm Angelica i have a
blog channel called sundays adults I'm
from San Diego I go to school in urban
and right now i'm celebrating justly
60th anniversary you're watching seven
foot box please Oh jinxing gave him what
a great big please well another Sunday
at church in the books this little guy
makes everything interesting at church
shoes pretty good though today last a
lot longer you're a good guy hello kids
the at church street him pretty nicely
feel like they like a little noah so
that's kind of fun too but it's time for
a little nap and then we'll have a
linner lunch dinner slept in til 830
though we went to bed it like nine it's
a record i'm glad you did yeah usually
Rick so at seven 630 we sit and watch
the natgeo denika look at the spiders
that are scaring her like cute they're
like baby tarantulas they're like the
size of a watermelon see no they're not
are you kidding me you only got a huge
those are big spiders and I baby
tarantulas here let me see pay attention
under the table is huge oh my gosh look
as we zoom in as Paris deadly baby
tarantula well done let me switch video
mode and I can see many more there the
baby tarantula waits for ginika to sit
down at the park bench right now the
biggest bait remains on the neighbors
grilling pizza or meat
it was like Vita can see it from here
that's how big ass spider I'm gonna
print the ball gonna get out and play it
the spider lose those symbols well thank
you good dude soccer ball you have to
kick it you can't pick it up no hands
like this kick it oh you owe me you
better not break my stroller it's
relaxing no soccer in a little bit of
rock collecting with who what doesnt
babies interoperation gosh yeah many
rocks you can hold in your hand mm-hmm
now we're just doing the mochi sign like
this 24 7 seriously it's a buddy we got
a walking baby we never looked back at
the days like our predictions doesn't
weigh more than 10 I don't know it was
way more than 10 no but I did at least
14 he was born I predicted that he would
walk me for years year old niece walking
when we still have a couple weeks lazy
old what about you would you say I said
that he would for sure be walking before
his first birthday but like that month
so I think I'm right yeah I think I went
I think I was probably right cuz i
predict together 11 no you said 10 days
no no no when he was born I said 11
months handful of days whatever oh he's
walking and he's playing with some dip
that looks like turds the lighting so
pretty he's majestically looking at dirt
okay guys can give me daddy come on come
on there you go on those trapped lose my
hand okay if it goes into OT warriors
with it says parking LeBron got any here
way better ball maybe not
Oh lawyers want yo Jordan would never
miss that glorious body would never miss
that I don't like the jazz but it's
comfy shirt oh yes yeah i'm a teenager
again faced demons what they're called
faced demons I never notice i have like
sun spots on my face i'm just sittin
here watchin some house hunters
international passengers internationals
one of my favorite shows oh I feel like
sometimes they like really awkward
couples on that show so you might be
wondering where was the blackhawks
footage yesterday because there was a
Blackhawks game and the Blackhawks lost
in an amazing game I think the found
score is four to three right 423 was
yesterday already forgotten about it
because I'm looking towards Game three
we were celebrating daehan's birthday I
was following it on my phone watching on
my phone I also recorded it at home and
I was gonna try and weight and not see
what the score was but I just I couldn't
do that it was too hard I had to check
add it going on my phone yada yada yada
video scorecentre etc one thing that I
haven't mentioned yet in the vlog is
that I do have another bet with Danny
Duncan we had a bed a couple months ago
the lightning beat the hawks i lost i
had to buy that lightning shirt and wear
it was terrible i still have the shirt i
don't know why i still have it I should
probably throw it away because it kind
of fits into the next part of the bet
for the Stanley Cup it's crazy after all
the joking around that our teams are
facing each other again but this is the
bet the loser has to wear the opposing
team's shirt maybe we get a jersey
sweater involved i'm not sure but for
four straight days wherever they go
vlogging not sure if they have to wear
it to sleep maybe in the shower too I'm
nice but they have to wear it for four
straight days and then one day at VidCon
or vlogger fair depending on which we're
both at will will be at VidCon and
blogger
also I threw in that the loser should
send the winner something from their
hometown so in this case I would order
Danny like portillos Italian beef or a
deep-dish pizza a little does he know
though is if I were to lose I'd probably
order it at VidCon or at vloggerfair so
I could enjoy it with them so I'm not
sure what he would say in from sent from
Tampa Bay Cuban sandwiches fish people
from Tampa Bay what he has known for
anyways that's our bet and I better way
it's one to one in the series right now
the next game is tomorrow on Monday in
Chicago so we have two games of Chicago
hopefully told a full of urine we have
two water bottles now I've drunk like
all those if there's a there's probably
two that have a little bit of water left
enema and I'd love to drink them right
now oh that's like a sit that is a sip I
sit a sip that's five six but really how
terrible will that be for the person
that loses as to where the opposing team
shirt at VidCon and me not to be both
anything well that's well it's four
straight days wearing the opponent's
stuff and then one day at VidCon or
vlogger fair and then food yeah we shook
we did a virtual handshake via tweet so
my Blackhawks better not let me down I
know where lightning sure if you for
four straight days and then one day at
VidCon or vulgar fair and then send them
a Chicago pizza what what didn't you I
don't know insight we're trying to free
let out I need help from my Tampa Bay
ins my Tampa Bay's guys I may have lied
I said that one of my biggest without my
biggest weakness was indecisiveness
that's one of them I have another one I
was reading through comments and I was
like someone mentioned their big
weakness is like yeah I've got that one
too it was in patients I am not patient
you guys I thought motherhood would make
me patient made it harder so much harder
I am so impatient I get so mad mostly
it's because like I hate being late to
things and
so I'm always like Sam come on Sam is
like the slowest I getting ready unless
he has to be somewhere he takes forever
and I am getting so mad and like oh so
I'm really not a patient person and with
Noah sometimes I like tell myself like
Jen he's a baby be patient be patient
I've like constantly tell myself to be
patient it's so hard because I'm not and
so to know them for you maybe we
shouldn't do weaknesses and we should do
strength what's a strength let's lift
with some strengths in the comments
today guys what are your strengths let's
do that strength of mine Sam help me out
I didn't know this is a thing I know
people just bought islands like I didn't
know either this buying island for sale
it's so crazy like they're just this
family wants to buy some islands in
North Carolina who wants to buy an
island let me know i don't think i want
to buy an island so some other cons
asked if i was pregnant no I'm not
pregnant you guys I promised I'm not
pregnant I just wore a very unflattering
shirt that day and I've been skipping
out on the gym so it's time to get back
in shape for the summer starting
tomorrow I was really guys I was doing
so well and then we moved and I slacked
off it happens this is everyone is like
this when they work out and Lester like
this you know which I'm not I'm like
this so it's time to cut back on the
sweets cut back on lots of stuff and go
to the gym come on someone someone do
with me let's set a goal to together
because jen has a lot of strengths for
one she is a great mom to Noah she says
she's inpatient whatever she's got
patients that girl come on now by the
way name one thing that's better to do
on a Sunday and take a nice leisurely
summer Sunday walk I say this every
single year of my life summer walks on
sundays are the best in the world
anyways I'm really tired you guys need
to
go to bed too or maybe you're just
waking up if you're just waking up have
a wonderful day see you tomorrow love
you face
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood uh
frog what's the walking to be uploaded
it's coming up right now or wait you
just watched it
