goedemorgen livery adult I'm feeling
from the Netherlands and you're watching
salmon flocks welcome sweet I'm kasha
from Poland and you are watching Sammy
come looks yeah the camera still works
whoa Oh head I forgot you can walk now
oh man okay what is life anymore okay
good morning sweet world
today is day Hinesburg no he's over
there in line we just drove out to Salt
Lake we're gonna have a good time today
celebrate eat some good food this is a
chicken Philly cheesesteak well I guess
is that a Jesus date but it's chicken
chicken and cheese no I think I
until the cheese over there I actually
have fries in my sandwich I don't know
if you can see it there's one right
there dude it wouldn't be a trip to Salt
Lake without a stop at the house hoops
great so how many she's eating today
you're going to this boutique they got
some sport blues there that I'm probably
gonna pull on I haven't seen anything
here that I have buried yeah MMX
nineties over there that's true
we'll see Aaron's gonna need some
Jordans an anthropology which sounds
like a rich person has remembered a tube
sanika vlogs we came to anthropology
we've been back before and we played a
game guessing how much everything costs
I've already played it a little bit on
De Anza log today plug it let's look at
this bed four hundred twenty eight
dollars for the bedspread this latest
don't you think this is uh sixty bucks
for those pants
or something crazy okay this chair
everyone in the comments right now how
much do you think this chair costs this
chair right here how much do you guys
think it costs four hundred and ninety
eight dollars we have found the rich man
smell of a car oh right here how much is
that a thousand dollars hey there you
are
there you are
Jen I'm gonna get you this candle
the birthday boys birthday we're
checking out this sneaker boutique here
in Salt Lake I've heard a couple of
things about this one I think there's
another one too and where should I see
what they have there because I mean we
don't like shoes and you actually hate
shoes Kimbra the last time I bought a
pair of shoes hey you haven't taken a
nap yet you just living it up today he's
just taking everything all the people
stores walking around dirty of New York
City
Oh
Oh
all right dudes birthday boy making the
decision I had the legibly in my hand
did he make the right decision let us
know okay I kid you not Jenna has been
watching these carseat videos for the
past two days 10 hours a day so I can
inspect these Parsi you are so serious
about this so serious yeah I'm walk
around it's time to graduate Noah on to
bigger and better things
Jen's thinking about traveling she's
thinking about comfort breathability
sweat the ones I'm really debating
between their Caro
the great cook forever that Keiko and
that really brunette Britax protect
that's not what we just had right that's
what we have what you to Dover here as
Luke over he's like try it out did it
did it did did it does he know what to
tec-9 he hated anything like this as a
baby and I was like oh yeah that's kind
of cool
what if you actually enjoyed that at
home he just like Adam sitting that and
you just chilled for a while do you like
that no well looks like we got a winner
we're working on world's strongest baby
right now push the card push the card
push the card you got it you got it keep
going keep going you keep going go go go
go
Oh world strongest baby we've officially
pushed this cart around the store about
three times and there's no slowing down
this is all he wants to do sushi yeah
I've always wanted to go here daehan's
making it happen cuz it's his birthday
the unlimited sushi has already begun
and I'm starting to feel whole I guess
we have to eat it all or else you have
to pay for it so
the price level we doing work boys let's
do this
sushi sushi on three one two three super
style sushi 15 rolls later and we're
done so Sam wanted me to explain or talk
about my indecisiveness because it was a
really big issue today I was in a very
bad mood today and I feel really bad
about it being the size of us like my
worst quality I feel like in myself like
being indecisive is like it's just
terrible I hate it anyway I couldn't
make my freakin mind up on a freaking
car seat because I want something from
each car seat in one and that doesn't
exist I want something that's easy to
install don't know the level or
something that's a squishy padding and
comfy something that can hold no a huge
body for a long time and though that's
easy travel with and that doesn't exist
so I had to settle I'm redoing my clip
hi because I've had to delete it twice
because it went too long so I'm trying
to get shorter people do I want to know
more and there was no information out
there I watched like 2,000 YouTube
videos nowhere and I watched and I read
like probably a million like a million
reviews literally probably 3000 reviews
maybe not that many but a lot we show up
to the store I'm like Jen alright which
one are we getting just like you tell me
I'm like whoa you're the one that just
spent literally a week watching every
single like the Wikipedia of car seats
oh no I know I know there'd be nothing
left you went through like eight seasons
of car seats I just want everything in
one and it doesn't exist no please and
none of you comment about car seats or
which kursi you have because I made my
decision I was gonna get the Recaro and
I changed my mind and I'm Nam getting
the diono Rainier even though it's a
little heavy and bulky but it folds boom
it folds and it's easier to travel with
and it can hold his long body
like well I don't want to hurt Noah and
kill my child
they sell death seeds like oh yeah
as a parent you want like one thing
possible yeah but I mean and I know
they're all good options they're not a
bad option but so I did it I finally
pulled the trigger I pulled the trigger
whenever we have to go on a long trip he
always poops once or twice in the car
and has a blowout and it's terrible
I'm like are you doing this because you
get your car seating I get out
probably's don't just bite me but
hopefully he likes this one and I'll be
here by Wednesday I'm keeping my ferret
across I'll be here sooner because this
question right now way too small
anyways any of you guys indecisive let
me know if you are because I need to
like bond with more indecisive people
because it is like my worst quality if I
were to pick a quality I hate the most
about myself it's that that I'm
indecisive okay goodnight it's late I'm
so tired
look at those purple bags and makeup
that I'm not removing because I'm too
lazy
I
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood smells like goji Tarak
Oh orange delicious what do I do wait
you I did
