well we're back at the horse again and
now he's actually like shaking it whoa
whoa whoa ride em cowboy giddyup giddyup
don't bash your face though whoa whoa
whoa you want get off or stay on I feel
like you just don't like stand up on it
you did you this last time though oh you
didn't know how to shake it whoo-hoo
good morning sweet world you're watching
samokov vlogs we're the Parkers from
Parker Colorado go Broncos you look like
such a big boy in this wing he's like
screw the baby swing I want the big kids
being aah whoo look at him hang on hey
could you'd hey could you guys he look
like a taller and not a baby Hey look at
my big boy who are you staring at hey
good morning sweet world Family and
Children is a here a Spokane Washington
I'm Olivia I'm Cindy and we're from
Sidon lip locks and you just got see
right are you good basically any
doughnut but cake java one's done that
day we're being dumb
happy national doughnut a doughnut look
at Sam looks like he's gonna go to a
resort cute it's only because you little
cute little palm trees I like it all out
they were all out of doughnuts at dunkin
donuts those ridiculous i got done at
some sting they seriously have like none
there though I got they brought out
these little glazed ones and then a
croissant glazed croissant we got in
that bag yeah that's a cup one there see
that glazed croissant one what's in
there oh I thought we could split some
chick-fil-a to some nuggets just a real
healthy day don't consider not right now
come on you already had a bath tomorrow
is daehan's birthday the only thing that
he wishes for is to have a good time
with his birthday pal these guys both
born in june they're gonna have a little
mini photo shoot right now probably on
the steps no let's see your fit okay hun
grandma's birthday pray you tell what
the present was I could those little
Jordans it's got the 45 on the side it's
patrick kane jersey on he's lookin good
he's wearing no one knows he's wearing
girl pants accept all of us watching
this Jen got him those at Walmart once
well you really needed pants cuz he had
a blowout and so she got on these little
girl leggings meanwhile daehan's
breaking day on history well you know
watching that saw your first time with
those on with them tissue paper yeah no
I'm not gonna we're doing on the steps
right hey well we'll just place paper
towels everywhere you step we'll just
like oh oh oh oh hey they'll
sneakerheads even organized us
I know these are like super high quality
just like the adult version all the
achievements on the back looking good
buddy say thanks uncle d and I'll just
like I'll just kind of look down at them
i'll try to Jen you already know about
this now because I've been home since I
filmed this clip no we just went to
sleep so I went out to get Jenna redbox
because I need to go help package some
orders tonight with day on and Aaron and
I stopped by foot locker because I
wanted to get like some socks like just
normal Sox White Sox and I walk in and a
shoe that I wanted so badly like a year
ago which usually costs a hundred forty
bucks and I didn't buy these babies
it's like a zebra Derrick Rose
basketball shoe I just got them for
thirty dollars plus using a fifteen
dollar like coupon fifteen bucks
normally a hundred forty dollars I've
been wanting new shoes to play
basketball in so there you go this is
like a super cheap way to do it Jen I
hope you're not mad at me we'll see when
I get home I'm hoping that this makes
everything right Jen I love you hi my
love yeah I'm sure I love here's a new
friend I suck up to me cuz you got
another pair of shoes there there was a
steal of a deal honestly you've cost
more money to breathe air lots of my
check moving here was three well I
always get a new pair for you to play
basketball in guys it's justifying
justifying I don't mind if ever I she's
over here why you should doesn't the
tread we're in this to eat some running
shoes I walk in the store I never seen
them in that store before we get to get
socks and they're so cheap so for 15
bucks I think that's pretty much a steal
right 15 bucks less that's not in my
account anymore my foots really small no
it's what's huge like this is bigger
than my face yellow the oh happy
birthday I think is really clear enough
I got long I have your face blurred
right now cuz apparently there's like
water in the camera oh but happy
birthday thank you everyone say happy
birthday today I'm funny I'm gonna try
and look man I'm gonna upload this vlog
hopefully on your birthday early so
everyone can tweet you at dejan Jang TG
smooth and say happy birthday toasty be
easy
let me zoom in on you oh right now the
foggy part is going away no it's still
there it's kind of on your face right
now here let me make your face clear
nope not happening I thought my camera
was done I was really sad it's kind of
foggy right now I don't know how water
got inside of it but I kind of tilted
the camera and there's like water
droplets and it's still kind of wet so
hopefully this will recover hey guys
sorry this vlog went up a lot later than
I had hoped for I wanted this to be up
early in the morning what ended up
happening is that the camera was acting
crazy last night I think there must have
been water on the counter and some of it
seeped inside of it so last night I put
the camera in a bag of rice and now it's
working so thank goodness for that we're
gonna have to put this thing in a
protective case I don't know what hi Jen
hey love you all so I had to go to the
warehouse and we were packing orders til
330am and then we woke up today which is
not the day you just saw and when
celebrated dan's birthday so I'll have
the vlog for tomorrow up much earlier
than this one a lot of you guys are
waking up to this some of you guys are
going to sleep to this because we are a
worldwide family which is sweet so sweet
so sweet this is jen come in to tell me
to go in this Isis no I'm coming in to
make sure you got the right car seat
ordered well we'll talk about her
indecisiveness after this clip for the
blog tomorrow which happened anyways I'm
just happy that I can look at you guys
right now and this camera is working
that's all i gotta say recently last
night i was like are you kidding me
seriously enough stay still your soul ah
i will see yes huh oh yes i make sure
being patient peace
there's nothing you can do it's always
happening right now ain't it just like
the troop water can't live without it
sometimes its deadly water
