yeah good job did you think are you
talking to whoa whoa wow wow good job Oh
David Gregory afraid oh wow good job
buddy yeah Crete dreams mom see mom
you're a good nothing man guys I think
we almost officially have a walker I
remember when he first was walking seems
like so did is he considered walking not
and I said no not yet because he's still
crawling more than he's walking but he's
starting to walk more guys today
especially he like bends down and picks
up his ball and stands back up it's
really cute say hi say good morning we
went on a little walk outside our front
door look I actually put makeup on today
guys I only have worn makeup for the
past like three days in a row who's just
been outside that the pulse is like I
don't care but today I put a little long
cuz I don't know if we're gonna go cool
today I don't want to give him too much
sun exposure it's like three days in a
row of pool for like two hours you know
uh-huh Sam's resting cuz he got up with
Noah this morning and he was really sad
because he was trying to get Jimmy
Fallon tickets for my birthday because
we'll be in New York but he couldn't get
any because Jimmy's not having any shows
that week because its fourth of July
week but that's okay oh oh there we go
is there to go there he goes my little
walking baby my little walking baby
where to go oh hello hello little
walking baby there he goes he still
lifts his alarms up because you still
have talent
but he's so cute I think he's starting
to enjoy walking to like he wants to do
it I don't know if I've really talked
much about what we're doing for his
birthday have I i can't remember have a
terrible memory I think we'll decorate
and put up the streamers and stuff um my
a couple of my family members actually
coming out my mom and my dad and my
brother Matt in his wife Hayley and my
little brother David they're all coming
out to help celebrate my sister was
gonna come but she has a work event so
she can't come and Andrew high school so
he can't come either I'm really excited
for them to come it's what kind of sad
that Sam's family can't be here but
we're going to see them like literally
three days later so it's okay oh are you
ready your trike are you wanting to ride
your trike do little cake and ice cream
and grill hot dogs hamburgers or
something you know open a few presents
what's really excited about want me to
push you ready yeah I push your legs put
your leg down you gotta go like this
good job he only has one leg down you're
so cute hi C hi hi Oh Jen's watching
yesterday's vlog she hasn't seen it yet
as Calvin so yeah staring contest
dirtier are blinking already 10 11 I 31
I stole sunburned we're off on a little
adventure to get some things because we
have coupons I am the type of person
that I hate buying things unless I have
a coupon for it whether it's sneakers
pizza anything we go and do I always
have to search online for a coupon the
top place that I've gotten coupons from
has consistently been for the past
couple years retailmenot com so when
they contacted me and said hey you want
to make a video with us I was like heck
yeah I use you guys every single time I
use anything I've actually gotten mad at
Jen basically when we buy anything
online I'm like Jen find a coupon codes
you have to go retailmenot com and it's
gotten to the point where she usually
forgets and so I'm the one that always
makes all the purchases um
it's true because is it weird does
anyone else like that with coupons like
I I've watched that extreme couponing
show and that's just the way I am like I
don't I don't go as you get that's it I
don't go full out with that because let
me show you guys you don't have to work
that hard because where you tell me not
does everything for you we just pulled
up to where we're going it automatically
detected that I was in the area it's
like hey there's coupons here would you
like to check them out ruined old navy
yes you guys just scared the crap out of
me I just look over to my side I see
this face just hey
okay so retailmenot works with a bunch
of different stories we just tried old
navy they had a huge sale going on there
we also use our code for twenty percent
extra off and that work too so that was
pretty good he wants to grab everything
how were you gonna get we're gonna get
it buddy I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get
you I'm gonna get you yeah what's that
Oh some lip gloss we've landed so our
little retailmenot expedition is
complete at Old Navy alone we saved
sixty dollars they had a thirty to fifty
percent sale going on and then we
stacked it with twenty percent I almost
felt bad the app is amazing because you
literally have all the coupons from the
newspaper everything that you see just
right on your phone so you don't have to
worry about anything it's a hundred
percent free there is no catch you don't
need an account you don't need anything
you just need the app on your phone and
you show them the coupons and that's it
so if you guys want to get the app trust
me it will save you tons of money all
you have to do is tex a mecca 2427 67
and they will send you a link to go to
the App Store to download the app that's
all you have to do if you aren't allowed
to text message on your phone well then
don't do it because just like everything
else message and data rates may apply to
this for terms & privacy you can visit
retailmenot com and check all that out
but text Sam it cut to four to seven six
seven and then you can get the app for
free seriously there is no catch I'm not
like trying to like yeah you guys have
to pay or create an account and pay
money there's nothing no catch to this
you're just going to save money I'm
going to stare into your eyes and give
you 10 seconds to go download the app
right now
I blinked because it's been ten seconds
yet and then post in the comments after
you've gone through that and I'm going
to be responding to everyone that has
which one time I said that and it took
forever but it was worth it it was fun
we also got some canvas at hobby lobby
forty percent off which was awesome and
now we're finally gonna finger paint
whoa Noah you ready dance Bobby days
let's sing gonna paint dance Bubba dance
the whole arm swing lunges and paper
this will be fun okay so uh finger
painting not bum painting finger
painting Noah mm-hmm the canvas is like
already dirty from his feet and hands
it's gonna paint the walls he wants to
touch it ping your campus oh there you
go oh and no a great classic ah that's
called Orange Crush winterizing yellow
okay now put down here look put it in
here pretty crazy yeah
okay smear some purple around Wow what
form pretty good news I'm not gonna let
it actually kind of looks cool there you
go look at those brushstrokes what do
you call those are you gonna go hang
that up somewhere or just throw it on
the ground Wow buddy I'd say that's a
masterpiece I think that's it I think
you're done should we sign it mini Monet
yeah add some footprints slide around a
little bit yep oh it actually looked
nice you just took everything off it
looks good until then Oh Dan what do you
want to call that that's it spear that
around no warranty r kick it little
green here
that's really good oh wow some
pointillism oh the good old look at that
I think that's it I think that's it lets
me over here smear just yellow wear the
yellow weird Oh beautiful all right I
think we should call it 11 months oh
dang we're watching the NBA Finals it is
going into overtime it has been an
incredibly exciting fun game to watch
especially after kind of a boring and be
a playoffs they're really haven't been
to many great games this game has really
made up for it it's been good snapchat
Tyler is on his way over right now
because he's going to take a look kind
of some of the things I've been working
on I'd have too much to show them but
I've been trying to design a samack
assured snapchat Tyler is actually a
great graphic designer he did a lot of
things for that Google event with I fit
and icon the other day so we'll see if
you can help out and maybe get something
rolling snapchat Tyler in the building
hello ty low on snapchat and Instagram
sorry hello thank you for your kind
comments some of you I know I haven't
been able to respond uh just been really
busy there's like a snapchat Tyler
fanclub forming your dance move your
dance moves alone
hey
okay okay hello Tyler
we just discussed some t-shirt ideas and
honestly I want them to be sweet I put
this off forever but i think tyler can
take this to the next level tyler is
very talented so we'll keep you guys
updated Jen don't you think everything
sounds good mending the vlog in the
laundry room since we don't spend a lot
of time in here together guys is the
laundry room it's cool cool place to be
I'm very optimistic happy excited
feeling good about the possibilities of
all these shirts and things that were
going to do with Tyler he's a talented
dude we had some cool design ideas and
we're gonna work on them so we can get
these out quickly to you guys I want to
even make like a special one just for
vlogger fair in VidCon if you guys are
going to that yeah I think it's me
pretty cool I think it's gonna be unique
and fun and I hope you guys like it as
soon as it's ready I will show it to you
and we can have a lot of fun with that
hope you guys had fun today it's almost
the weekend there's a lot going on this
weekend and stay on birthday too for me
partying and then a couple more weeks
noah's birthday which is mind-blowing
unbelievable we'll see you guys tomorrow
imma be with you you better believe it
I'll be good you better get a lot of
poor ian is now glad i'm distilling ooh
apparently i scared a lot of you guys
and yesterday's vlog with the lightning
is that true did you get scared let me
know
