those guys who've been around for a
while you know how much we love tiger we
were literally going every single day
well it's finally stopped raining and
summer is begun so we took a quick trip
and got some goodies grocery haul it's
finally sunny no more rain that means
we're gonna start grilling heading to
the pool more we've also been having our
neighbors come over the day on an errand
second I'm dinner once a week so let me
show you guys what we got planned for
this week Oh music ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding da
every time I go to target and I run in
the first thing I see is that little
area that has like the ones at three
dollar items I was low on sanitizer must
have I always have to keep my hands
clean and also i got this because july
4th got to be patriotic we need more
decorations in our house look great
maybe put next to the football a lot of
america right there you already know we
don't like cookies and sweets our
favorite Twizzlers right now the red
white and blue but we haven't tried
these ones yet you're really excited
fruit punch you guys know we love our
fruit Sanford step some berries fruit is
like dessert to us it really is and Noah
loves route to lie Kiki was holding
myself I'm in love with Morocco go to me
this was like an acquired taste I wasn't
like a huge fan at first but now it's
super refreshing when it's hot outside
my favorite things which are these
simply balanced fruit juice love every
kind of try from this brand flavor is
that strawberry lemonade yes raspberry
lemon raspberry which is preggers summer
and my favorite facade those are your
all-time favorite croissants from any
place your favorite croissants you guys
already know SI racha kettle chips match
made in heaven got that hamburger meat
and then hebrew national these are my
all time favorite hot dogs it's like all
beef I think they by far taste the best
favorites so we're gonna have a grilling
party
night got our buns and I also to try
this out right here habanero Monterey
Jack cheese it's not to be great on the
burger we also pick up some of our
necessities at target so I got some of
my favorite baby lotion because Noah
super dry and my favorite little ball
players these are awesome if you guys
don't have one of these you need one
suction cup yeah it's actually cut
suction cup great invention seriously we
had some hand wide or some counter wives
we got some dish soap that sensitive on
hands yeah I got this for my sink
because I'm always out going over to
jen's to use her soap and I needed some
also got to keep the little man I mean
he is a tan boy he's a tan little boy a
lot of that Sun screamin anyway yep SPF
50 and then of course diapers because
who doesn't love target brand diapers
like my favorite and we go through those
like hotcakes move Noah TMI and we kinda
had a mess so we ready open this up
paper towels so lightly when I go to
target to you guys saw him previous blog
I always look at the kids clothes I
think they have the best kids clothes
and I forgot things for Noah it might be
like my style I guess he's like a
mini-me but i got him this shirt so cute
and this one cuz we need thanks for
summer like he has too many pants yeah
sleeve shirts Jen I got on these two
little look good reassurance everything
was on sale too so in your opinion yeah
and the shirts and then yeah how this
covered uh-huh and everything why not
love it okay target haul dan target her
dance target huh bit stuck her there
this is cause a wiggly worm length I
Wiggily I don't know what is called you
guys already know that target is are
very busty is my bum
because they have everything I always
have to stop by the electronic section
to normal mm-hmm and the groceries are
great they have the cutest little kid
clothes all the essentials that we need
we love the target brand so let's get
ready for dinner it's time to party
summer is here so sir the weather got
typical but doesn't matter still
couldn't good food in here we're
bringing somewhere inside looks good and
we got some hot dogs and berries here's
your's thank you and boy and boys and
chips and and babies this is my
kind of burger habanero cheese got some
ranch spicy pickles everyone's kind of
going with the spicy vibe you got like
spicy ketchup sriracha mayo SI racha
mayo this is the best male there is and
it's only at target
summer to me is spending time with
friends with family having a good time
laughing cheering being happy about
something and summer to me is eating
great food playing outside going to pool
and join the sunshine we hope you guys
have a wonderful summer we can't wait to
spend it with you bye
