morning sweet world my name is Christina
and I'm here at Sam Houston State
University in Huntsville Texas and I
hope you all have a great day that Sam
Houston hi did you say hi hi I thought I
said like welcome to the blog no one
just woke up he just had a two-hour nap
he's walking so much more like he's been
choosing to walk more nice it's clean
good morning sweet world today may or
may not be a sweet day because we are
about to embark on my first virtual rate
actually it's not my first virtual race
I play a lot of mario kart races in my
time but nothing like this this is like
a virtual physical race though we are
about to run a 5k with icon Fitness in
Google it's like the tenth anniversary
of Google Earth on their treadmills or
something I'd be lying to you if I said
I was ready for this I'm not I had four
croissants for breakfast
they were pretty buttery hopefully I
last my first 5k
are you running in those yeah I'll do it
do it second time it's almost to a dead
stop clean those off what next time you
check those out though flamin hot
cheetos like nike elite socks that's
what I need man I get my point
yeah those are dope okay we need we know
a little bit more this is the first
virtual 5k it's gonna be crazy
someone's gonna make a grand entrance
and hopefully I can record it all right
that big screen right there
that's where we're gonna be running wait
that's right behind us it's about to go
down this girl's gonna beat us all it's
nap Tyler a blog favorite he said
there's no vlogging allowed snapchat
Tyler is making his bat chat No
not really that now what is it official
hello Tylo
best net chats on the Internet
hello Tyler right here go follow them
yeah I got my boys here I got Trent in
the house came to or Caleb to learn
let's go how much time we got left two
minutes in two seconds to start all
right I don't know how much I'll
actually be able to vlog because I'll be
running and they're gonna be filming us
good morning everybody Noah's actually
still asleep he is never liked his
morning naps are usually like maybe an
hour sometimes are a half hour and I
could be in like an hour and a half
today he's missing for two hours and
usually his afternoon nap is two hours
I'm like saying that boy is tired so
tempted to wake him up but then I'm like
oh my gosh just let him sleep I don't
know I don't know Sam's currently
running on a treadmill oh I hear he's
like hi dad don't know who is calling
dad
hi did you say hi hi do you have a good
nap number hi he did you hear that
he's a tie huh
hi you had a good two-hour nap turn
these things off don't throw that over
don't do it don't do it back over I
guess okay bye bye puppy I'll say bye oh
hi hi babies when they wake up or if
they're like the cutest when they wake
up huh
guys like my my curtain it was like so
bright one night like putting him down
now at 7:00 or 7:30 it's 6:00 looks like
it's like five o'clock in the night and
so it's like super bright and he was
like it took him an hour and fall asleep
and I was like wow maybe it's the light
so I just got one of our sheets you know
like the elastic kind and we have like
here's like a windowsill and then the
top has like corners so I just like like
like like as you can see I just uh put
it on all corners it looks really fancy
maybe get blackout curtains that are
like the velcro non-permanent kind so
this will be for now a nice purple
curtain it's 11 o'clock already we need
to go play outside before lunch hey
where you going Oh grandpa hi say hi
when I walked into his room just now he
legit said hi yes and then he waved and
smiled cause you're on candy camera you
tell my dad watches the videos he was
texting me and he's like Jay how do I
submit an intro I'll kill you Christman
intro with just using my phone camera
hear that now you can do the intro okay
dad do your intro guys we just finished
we got our butts whooped by that lady
right over there
she's over there she brought home the
pink flamingos who's had a red flamingos
beat us all it was a lot of fun we
basically ran on a map this lady flew in
on the helicopter
she used her watch to transport us to
Paris and then we just started running
so trap Tyler I see you boy I'm out
there running on the streets although my
main my main man going on the walk you
guys is getting better he only needs one
finger you say hi to every nobody
Hellyer to hug them no one's his shoes
are a little big for him so he's kind of
having a harder time I should have put
his little cuz it'll like slip on fabric
he shoes but he's doing pretty good you
know dip it low dip it low dip it dip it
low are you dancing little mullet boy
come on keep going
good job hey you doing so good you're
doing so good
would you hear the birds oh I think he's
trying to mate with another bird he's
chasing it you say some the other bird
know what so they're gonna make a video
about this fellow you guys know we're
taking a break right now oh no I need to
run oh no all right boys we did it
round two we just like ran two races
practically and now there's like a dance
party out by the Google bus get this
started Mallory
get this started
okay okay hello Tyler
someone almost is dropping their
location right on top of me someone's
like that street views right and this
finally home now he's showing dad the
nerd bird I know what the apocalypse is
I'm gonna check on things
yeah so I'm ready but you won't have
like Internet you've never done but I'll
send it out and be like what's going on
but normally there's no like internet or
Wi-Fi or anything give it a little speed
or dates or if you want power okay I'm
still working on my solar panels Tesla
has that new all unit that's how you
save the world did you get those wall
units solar power to drop things
seriously in like third world countries
no like New York City where Oh we'll
need it fast the United States it but I
think they're testing you in Canada so
my Canadian SPECT check that for me
button Jared by the nerd bird for the
first time
ah
you go how's it feel to fly make you
want one oh man yeah Ellie please like
please Father's Day is coming up we're
at school again yesterday where
everybody totally forgot to film and
today we're here with different friend
mm he's about to fall asleep and it's
like Spring Break Cabo over here I'm
kind of hilarious I'm kind of happy I
don't have to date anymore except for my
owners but they're keeping no I
entertained
he's never just that and like hung out
in this floaty for so long and he's very
entertained by these people
what's so interesting over there but
another one seen some yogurt melts in
the pool oh okay you can have it come
over there you go with it even chill
mode
did you see it yogurt melts and relaxing
more
hello tylo designed this shirt too what
a fun day that video I think should be
out pretty soon probably this week I'll
let you guys know when it is there and
oh please call me I gotta go
we'll see you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood oh that's so cute bit me
