everyone I'm Charlotte from woodland
hills utah and you're watching Sam a
collage piece say good morning sweet
world welcome to say mikov logs with
cute no Sam and all his sneakers and
jenica being a good wife and mama you
better believe it I would be happy and
be good get that understood good morning
sweet world youtube fam it is another
beautiful day here in logan utah
trying to be
ok get your basketball champion pull the
ball out by himself slim and the crowd
goes wild he's gonna want to do it again
damn date on hold me hold me okay you're
gonna hang on the rim soufeel hang Terry
he's so grimy from this poor hey Oh
Nicky you baby hey hey yeah look at him
hang their goodness well that's all oh
my little basketball star I want this
but it had this is there you look at me
trying to pull himself up look at it
finally you've got the perfect shot yeah
yeah I'm sorry dr. day huh shoulder
cushion yeah he's like 26 pounds yeah oh
hey Noah who
hey bubs dad dad dad got Jeff who's
holding you you see Dad ok guys it's
about three o'clock and know about was
not book a half ago so I got ready to go
to the pool and I want a pool party our
friends at we had I was just throwing
him in the air saying pool party it was
really funny Bren go soak up some rays
this kid's got his sunscreen on I've got
my sunscreen on have some fun some fun
fun fun phen-fen phen-fen dance Bobby
dance we're having a pool party dance
very dense we're having a pool party so
those of you that have been watching the
box for a while you're well familiar
with how I keep my face looking like I'm
12 years old this right here so Jen's
pretty much probably decided that
father's day I don't really deserve any
more gifts after all those shoes but i'm
here to help some of you guys out who
haven't thought about fathers day yet
it's officially june and father's day is
June twenty-first someone help you guys
out
I just took everything out of that box
and put it right here this is what you
can get we've teamed up with Mary's
again so that you guys can get this
entire set plus a holder for your razor
to go in for your dad your husband
anyone you want to give it to this is a
special Father's Day kind of gift set
that you can get you'll get five dollars
off if you use the code sanika the
coupon codes amika so to go to Harry's
com you find i'll put a link in the
description that you guys can click on
go to that set the father's day one and
get it sanika five dollars off since the
last time we spoke they still haven't
invented a way for me to let you guys
smell this you can get your Razor
setting graved they'll send it straight
to your door it's great materials we got
one for Jen's dad for Father's Day dad
I'm not getting you one of these for
Father's Day no siree don't expect one
but if you're struggling for an idea for
father's day I think this is a great one
so you can personalize it put a little
note have it all taken care of today so
take it from my twelve-year-old face
they're awesome you need to make sure
though that you order before june
seventeenth for it to arrive by father's
day and then you'll be good this card
kind of cracked me up right now because
it says hashtag fist bump emoji it's
definitely one of my favorite emojis
this looks like a crime scene come into
your face those very good buddy oh oh oh
you just stood out that blackberry I
think you like the raspberries better
huh Steph chubby to hell then this is
called the wiggly worm length but way to
leave I don't know what is called oh
yeah yeah yeah alright your turn will
you read it
read it Noah started to show a lot of
signs of walking today like he wanted to
walk everywhere and dance and this is
pretty much the following that ensued
again since my bday dead copy yes very
this
it's like I feel like he's seeing are
going to if I were a rich man hands like
about to do it again do it again be
walking soon
oh ah the little things in life seeing
that little boy just jump go for those
steps just makes me so happy and proud
and it made me think over life there's
been different things that have pushed
me and driven me every single day
different things that have motivated me
to get out of bed i remember back when i
was in high school my mom used to wake
me up in bed like I was terrible waking
up I had to get up at like 530 go to
seminary and then school and my mom
would bring like sandwiches and like
mountain dew no joke to my bed she can
confirm this in the comments videos
don't believe it and do you me a
sandwich like a mountain doing that I
just sit there eat it and kick it I'm a
weird person that is for sure but what
drives you to get out of bed for me
right now it's definitely being there
for Noah for Jen making sure they have a
great life for you it might be summer
and summer you want to get out you're
going to the beach today you're the ice
cream man you're like oh man is it
really to p.m. I need to get out of bed
maybe you have to go to work cuz you
provide for your family maybe your mom
and your kids wake up early what pushes
you to get out of bed why do you get up
every day and go at it tomorrow I'm
competing in a race on a treadmill with
Google and I fit kind of random but I
got a text about it today and that's
what I'm gonna do tomorrow I'll bring my
camera vlog it it'll be a lot of fun
anyways hopefully you guys enjoyed
today's video those little moments I
don't know if it means the same to you
guys but to me how that makes me so
proud i love that kid even if he's just
a wobble in little if i were a rich man
i don't know why it made me think of to
learn the roof anyways we'll see you
guys tomorrow love ya please
and you're my real can reach if you
choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood no
shoe game on point
