sweet world morning guys Leilani and
this is really Bobby
good morning sweet world today is a very
very special day a very special day a
very special day
someone just FaceTime me and I said hold
on I need to get home we went to church
Noah's let's Dingle up noses sleep taken
an ever now we're gonna go see some
friends it's time to face time someone
back because today is a very great
special day I'm so happy I'm so happy
he's got a face seven back wait he said
oh you up in a minute my mom's calling
this person faced I mean when I was in
the car and now their mom is talking to
them so of course you know I need to let
that happen but I I can't wait for this
FaceTime back I couldn't face them in
the car and not Jenn one utility later
look at how pretty it is back here this
is our friends backyard and it is so
pretty
Noah is just lounging in this grass by
fist you just lounge in oh there's like
bugs all over that tree yeah my dad said
have him get familiar with nature the
more nature the more nurture the more
and I'm just getting to it their hands
all over that tree though babe he said
builds his immune system so eat as many
hands as you want no but he's like
literally just laying on this tummy oh
my gosh she's me covergirl
we're facetiming two very special people
right now answer oh my gosh my bangs
they're terrible
No thank you guys amazing oh wait
where's Aileen come on you've got but
she's got the rock oMG we like can't
wait to see the video when you posted
that that tweet animal started crying
literally we've been looking all of
death and refreshing my feet all day if
you see it come in are we totally
surprised oh my gosh oh my gosh it's so
beautiful oh where were you where did
you do it
yeah - well yeah but like the Colosseum
where eating gelato you put the ring in
some gelato you had it you had a gelato
and then she was like I was thinking
about like how much you put your camera
down so how easy it would be for you to
actually capture the moment you know
without her like knowing like wait why
is Tyler filming that picture weeks ago
what now because the time difference
what that's why I was trying to text you
I was like do work and then like about
the Blackhawks like I don't want to give
anything away you know okay and then I
said any you know
got my dead sweatshirt on I just wanted
to say that today has been a wonderful
day I'm incredibly excited for Tyler and
Hayley and the adventure marriage I've
been excited since Tyler texted Sam a
picture of that ring weeks ago before he
was weeks before I don't know if I
supposed to tell you but I told Jen yeah
I was nervous and then throughout the
day I was texting Tyler things like do
work and I'd be like I'm cheer for the
Blackhawks then I was like happy
anniversary and then I I said anything
exciting anything cool happen tricks and
stories like just various things to try
and cover it up in case she saw his
phone but we have been refreshing our
feeds all day today just waiting knowing
that today could be the day because when
Tyler told me he's the day well yeah but
we didn't know it's like he didn't say
today hey I'm gonna propose the Halley
right but a while ago he said that on
their anniversary was on the 31st and
that was a possibility so I know he
originally FaceTime to me and I was
driving the car
and I was like I can't do this without
Jen and I'm in the car I was like wait
calls back later and then they were
talking to their family and stuff they
wanted her but and then we went to
dinner and yadda yadda yadda but we were
dancing and going crazy in the when we
previously started to record oh so happy
for them they're gonna have the cutest
little baby someday too
with dreads and just little little
kittens we're gonna have kitten babies
and red babies Tyler and Hayley if
you're watching this love you guys I
love you guys so much so excited for you
guys we are hoping that maybe you know
we might get an invite to that wedding
so you can dance on the dance floor all
night bring know you know oh my gosh if
you guys have a DJ you ever have music
no pressure but
there's not I'll play a pit bull on my
phone ya know what we're gonna dance
baby
yes she can little food dance baby dance
shake your little booty what we gonna do
we're gonna dance dance dance dance
dance dance baby dance dance
Bobby Vince Vince Murray dance dance
seem to be those dancers out there
wedding reception say Tyler go Tyler
go go go Tyler you're Haley Haley go go
go Haley
donaga okay okay dance baby dance
mr. and mrs. Shelton I'm so excited
proposing take a post-closing take a
pose I'm so excited
okay lastly then the bog there's been a
different blog we got some milk and I
already you know I'm excited and I
opened it this one is from Chris Chris
you're the man ICSI happy birthday card
all the time oh happy birthday card
Chris how they got to happy birthday
cards on my birthday three three three
got three I got three one for my mom
ones my grandma one from Jen and now
what with you Chris Chris Cleaves
that's so nice wait
dude what what it says I didn't know
anyone who shared the same birthday as
myself why he sent you a present on your
Bert on his own birthdays I have your
address right here but don't tell him
what you're gonna do and maybe I'll I
hope you accept late birthday gifts
because I'm gonna get one for you oh my
gosh oh my gosh Chipotle in Oklahoma
oh it's berries colors yes
no oath is good oh that's good oh that's
weird when that what's gonna fit him
that's weird
no what look would you go no Thank You
Alison Alison awesome weather is a
finola so one day she made them herself
oh there are some in the shirt too so
this will be awesome it's just yeah
don't put this on test it out yeah
help me knowing yeah big noggin
exhausting and also welcome to summer
summer is the best I love Christmas I
love winter but there's nothing better
than a little summer break and now you
get to enjoy it so hopefully you have a
great summer thanks for sending that we
love you guys I hope enjoyed the video
we hope you're having a fun start of
summer and like cooking fun stuff and
going swimming and stuff yeah good
weather yeah this is something that I'm
interested in someone commented and said
that it's starting to be winter where
you live oh yeah yeah yeah I want to
know what is Eiland let us know if you
are experiencing winter like what you
know winter or summer oh oh let us know
if you're experiencing winter or summer
where you're at I'm interested in that
it's cool to me so let us know alright
say bye guys see you tomorrow say peace
don't kiss the camera see yes
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you bad understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood you don't give him
our kisses more kisses yeah
