mosha to the moans you see multi-use
with the Portland Oregon Bienvenue a lot
Amy hi my name is Mira I'm from England
good morning guys
it's kind of early for us on side
usually we kind of chill and relax but
today is my friend Maddie's baby shower
and I'm so excited I keep almost
obviously bridal shower but she's been
married for couple years baby shower and
we're really excited to see her and see
her cute little bump her baby's due in
like a month like the week after Noah
was due so we're really excited and they
actually live in Salt Lake so they're up
here for the weekend for the baby shower
and I'm just so excited here and all of
our friends it'll be really fun so you
ready to go I hear a singing baby over
here I don't know if I ever mention this
whoa he always sings to himself
I like catch him in bed singing to
himself like right now hey what are you
doing crazy boy she she's gonna have a
baby in one monkey chemica and have the
baby in one month best friends
may be girlfriends but there's also Veda
so I don't know I love your belly button
I know it's so pretty pregnant mama
sorry
down
yeah yo yo yo today is a great day I
just drove out here to Salt Lake I'm
about to go get my shoes hopefully
everything goes well Jen and dejan are
worried that someone's gonna like mug me
on my way out cuz that's what happens
sometimes with these sneaky releases but
I'm in Salt Lake I'm in a good area I
think I'll be fine
can be a good day Blackhawks play
tonight ooh game 7 today is the day a
lot going on let's go I got the shoes
I'm super excited about them but I'm
gonna show you guys when I get home what
they look like I am so happy I was super
nervous because they said a lot of the
sizes were wrong they were getting and
then he do when he's pulling it out he
like dropped my box and they were like
about to pour out it was like my shoes
but I got the right size everything
looks good and today might be the
perfect day hey guys okay so I probably
have sunscreen somewhere on my face
we're actually gonna go to the pool
again today huh buddy
Shelby and Hugh we're gonna come over
and we're gonna get the pool for a
little bit and enjoy the Sun it's like
three o'clock but it's so really nice
out and it's also kind of nice that I
like to go a little bit later because
then the sun's not as strong cuz I still
you know he's just a baby I don't want
him to get have too much sun exposure at
a young age
so probably ridiculous now since grab my
face Sam still in Salt Lake he'll be
home hopefully before his game starts I
don't know it's 43 and he still is not
done he hasn't left yet so Game seven of
the Blackhawks tonight winner goes to
the Stanley Cup what's lightning so also
you guys like this swim to top it's like
like a peplum kind of some suit top I
got it at where'd I get it lime Rickey
the guys are interested it's kind of
cute and fun they have it's hard to find
tankinis and like modest some suits
these days especially because the style
is to wear nothing really so it's taken
me a while to find one that actually
and that like it's like flattering cuz I
can't really do one pieces because my
torso is way too long so I try to find a
good pinky mean it's very hard ha no
it's hard to find a cute tankini these
days but I'm Ricky check out that store
it's really fun
and this doesn't sponsor anything that's
just where I got my swimsuit and I
really like that store so
I wanted to get
over in the floaties
oh let me Noah let me in you like
pushing the door closed so in
yesterday's video I complained about
these because we've had a couple boxes
and most of them were not crispy like on
one cracker but you guys good news most
of this box here you go
most of this third box snot third box
first box most of this box on it meaning
now is all crispy and toasty
honestly I they could be even toaster
and I would be happy
what up across camp across legend across
legends state champions they call them
across legend David girlfriend 2016
Brandon over here those your face
looking
bring it Danny Duncan my man yeah I was
I was live for my phone died
my baby's the best babe in the entire
world
oh but I didn't good just - he got me
three three bags aside from onion puffs
Jordan are you jealous well I'm gonna
love you because you look right by
Trader Joe's and he's watching them get
the trophy they don't touch it they
don't even touch it one little one
finger is that bad buck is that bad luck
I never knew that yeah Wow but do they
touch it later has been a perfect day I
got the shoes I show up there's another
pair of shoes that I wanted so bad and
they had
my size I walk in I go oh we got the
infrared airmax not easy what size you
have size 12
meant to be I get Chipotle I get
Chipotle Mazar an intervention people
help me I get your boat lay guacamole
delicious I come see my family cute as
can be know how to gradate the pool
we're playing and we're cuddling I play
some new game go undefeated than that
tonight and then the Black Hawks win
perfect day every day and I'm finishing
my day with a kit so you give me a kiss
perfect day but burly though he needs me
that man intervention there's no more
shoes no more shoes no more shoes the
dream I didn't know about the second
pair of shoes I just I found out about
it on Instagram
he didn't even text me a picture of the
second pair of shoes Instagram yeah I
know but we were never you know the
shoes yes fun Instagram we did oh you
write on your shoes in the vlog bin
videotape of me
wow I'm sure but right there or edited
because literally from morning till yeah
you were gone along you have gone all
day he was gone literally all day I
didn't see you until well you were right
no I was with me yeah I would've gone
but I went to my friend's name which I
saw that there's many people like Oh
Jenna together it's not you know we're
Taylor or no oh really yeah we're Taylor
more now than ever before
yeah it worked out and there's his
pretties right there see them yeah show
us show us but you know one pair piece
for Noah's College this week my Apple
watch that I bought is selling right now
for more than one more than I got okay
this is the one I'm very excited about
and this is one I'm excited about which
one first excited so these are the air
max maybe OG infrared which sold out
very fast online I honestly didn't think
I would have a chance
I thought there was a they might be at
the source still goes like Utah I mean
the sneaker game Unitas obviously it's
not you've gotten all the pears you
wanted one to st. people like oh people
right I'll cornea right right people
wise yeah so these are like a classic
and I actually no aunty just tweet post
a picture of those today yeah he warmed
today I was talking to him do you see me
through the bubble I see you back there
nice show was by shelf I basically took
a year off of buying any shoes and kind
of got crazy this month kept teasing big
feasts of my birthday but I kinda
actually had like the best birthday ever
so shelf by shelf I guess I'll be
changing they're nice I mean they're all
right they're cool show us but shelf
let me tell you something there are only
that I know of maybe two three possibly
four size twelve of these shoes within
like an eight-hour driving distance like
we could drive eight hours anywhere
I got a pair what a lucky week do you
smell the smelly shoes I can't spoon oh
my gosh it smells like permanent markers
I don't like that smells like new shoes
so these are the original og Chicago's
this is like a fourth time they've ever
come out a couple years ago they came
out they like the Nike or like the
Jordan symbol he's got the Nike here
Nike here he doesn't even care
doesn't maybe I should create a video
and they come unlaced like the original
ones and these are one of the like
honestly most iconic Jordan shoes ever
yes he played basketball in those yeah
this is like we're Nike and Jordan all
began with shoes these in the black and
red ones the band's anyways his last
game these are so important to Michael
Jordan but in his last game that he
played in New York he were these
throwback Wow
always came on laced so they got the
black laces and then they also come with
red and white and like these are
insanely hard to get right now but to me
like memories real excited so sorry if I
bored to you I know you did it there's
some sneaker heads that watch I know I
think I should just make a video about
some of these and then like I might
popery channel mm-hmm show us bunch of
bit cool okay now over in the comments
no more shoes sometimes Sam just gets
really excited but I am I have a lot
going on pulls the trigger what happens
is like when I do this like it forces me
to sell old stuff that I need to get rid
of so that's good this is the thing
though I've gotten very lucky these
shoes I should not have been able to buy
I should not have been able to buy due
to demand supply and demand these shoes
more of a chance to buy but I should not
have been able to get them today they
should have been anywhere those shoes
only one size 12 in the area and I got
it
I struck out on the hairs the other
shoes all four pairs like dejan dad to
get me the other shoes I mean I've just
got a monkey I'm lucky so now I need to
take a break Oh some shoes come out next
weekend I'll go start a lawn mowing
business let me go sell some lemonade
and do a car wash
yeah seriously you better collect those
quarters crazy so much bus y'all having
a kid will change you I feel like a
completely different person today than I
was a year ago waiting for Noah to
people
there's many parts of me that are still
the same but I feel like I've grown up
in many ways and maybe it's not always
noticeable in the vlogs because I can't
be a little crazy I can't do some silly
things I feel like I probably look older
I have more bags under my eyes
maybe I don't look older but I feel
older I feel I feel more responsible and
I'm saying this on the day that I went
and bought some sneakers you know now I
truly do and I was just watching a vine
that I loved a lot have a dad I'm
guessing it's a dad and two kids I don't
know if it's his sons but just seeing
seeing their excitement about this
moment I got to show you guys this save
their favorite player coming over giving
his batting gloves after the game and
look how excited they are because over
time they're so excited dad's excited I
Love You Man love you despite feeling
older more responsible more mature I
have a son I've we have a kid that we
have to take care of you know that's
crazy there's a lot of responsibility
behind that I still have moments all the
time where I feel young my sister calls
me a lost boy sometimes because I live a
strange life not the normal life of
someone my age but I wouldn't have it
any other way I love the excitement I
love celebrating things I get hyped up
for silly things sometimes that's who I
am and it's fun and I hope I hope to
share moments like that with Noah I know
like we've been pushing basketball and
things like that jokingly on him a lot
even just from the start and we will
always accept whatever he's into
whatever his interests may be but I'm
excited to make those memories with him
even if he's just 11 months old it's
getting late I need to go to bed we love
you guys we'll see us tomorrow
by the way someone found me on reddit
today but didn't say who they are so if
you're watching this start your profile
get some cool cool pictures of sneakers
