one of my favorite things to do these
days is to pick Noah up from school as
little preschool thing that he goes to
he's always so excited to show me what
he learned and what he did that day and
he's just waiting there and he thought
it's the best it's the best
guys I set up the camera so I could
capture the moment but it fell into the
seat and I was like what the camera go
well toppled over luckily it didn't
break but today at school no alert about
the letter S he made a snake and his
teacher said he got a sticker before
anyone else cuz he was so good anyways
guys I finally did my 23andme ancestry
kit take me a few months like almost a
year to do no July I got it for my
birthday not Christmas there for my
birthday yeah so take me a few months
but I finally did it
I don't know it was like pure laziness
mostly and just like with the move well
that's if I should just don't write when
I got it but I did it because I just
didn't want to like register hit the red
sugar kit and all that stuff but it took
me like not even less than like jamming
it through just as a kid she doesn't
forever sell what color on this one
PJ is currently doing some play-doh
she's getting better at it
I forgot we haven't done play-doh in a
long time and I just remembered was like
oh gosh we still play dough so the kids
have been loving not this week
well we can do a little bit played a lot
of time anyway I'm gonna go put this in
the mailbox I'm really excited I don't
know how long it takes to get your
results I think they just get emailed
emailed to me but I don't know we'll see
just letting you guys know cuz I I see
comments once in a while like where did
you did you do your kid did you do your
kid so I've got it
dinner tonight is chicken alfredo
tortellini I think I just wanted to find
some easy crock-pot dinners that I could
do this week I've been in that you know
like trying to figure out more dinners
so I just need something easy they just
throw together in the morning haven't we
done by dinner and have to like cook
when everyone's starving so I'm doing
this one I also got a honey glazed
chicken one it's like a honey soy sauce
soy sauce one I'm not sure if there's
like potatoes in it and green beans and
it looks really good someone do that one
another day that were just required more
hours so I did this one today hopefully
it's good miss wild hare Samms I was
like Jen do something to her hair but I
know I need to I never like make her
hair cute every day it's just she just
runs away it's hard at this age when she
wants it still what what did you drop
something
you dropped your bowl your ice cream
bowl awesome Oh put small pieces in
there another Bowl
another Bowl buddy say but say five yeah
yeah there's one word that the girl will
not say and I keep trying to get her to
say it but when I try to get her to say
she gets frustrated with me so I'm kind
of taking a break and that word is dad
but Vijay actually has been I feel like
she's been learning a new word every
single day we were kind of worried about
some of her words she's smiling and
laughing right now but as soon as you
hit 18 months we've noticed a couple
more words each day and then we realized
that Noah was kind the same way and now
Noah can't get that kid to stop talking
okay Noah let's hop in I'm gonna try and
clean up a bit tonight and we've noticed
that the house has well it just sound
like a woman a weird smell when we moved
in not like dirty but just kind of
almost like an old house smell and I
don't even think this house is that old
so we're gonna go get some different
fragrances to light some things up maybe
play a little bit of the Anthropology
yes that price game because that's my
favorite game in the world and it's
ridiculous we have some fun stuff coming
up this week guys our costumes come soon
we got a treat on Saturday which snows
excited cuz wakes up in the morning
asked me to Halloween Day I'll actually
say yes son yes yesterday we said we
Halloween costumes which we do I might
have kids so they can fit our costumes
we'll see if we keep them we'll see if
they really want to they don't want a
mortgage if they don't wear them then
we're gonna return up because you know
worrying about that life but I think
it'll be fun it'll be funny I'm mostly
excited for how I'm gonna hook Wow
because of the wig which is a hint I am
wearing my favorite my favorite thing of
Halloween is wearing fun wig
by right in the comments if you have any
guesses of what working for Halloween so
me and Sam are are joined but not
necessarily a duo you know so well never
go ahead for you okay so we're looking
for sentence for the house this is an
expensive scent though which one do you
think I wanted though yeah oh no I found
something what's that guy's name what
kind of animal is that the know what
kind animal that's a peacock alright so
anthropology did not go that well we did
not say long but we did get some candles
we just got some more pieces for our
Halloween costumes and now for the first
time ever Noah is going to throw a penny
into the fountain you know you have to
make a wish right did you know what a
wishes okay make one throw it in whoa
just like that how did it feel now you
have to make a wish
how does it feel
so you have to make the wish you must
not know what a wishes huh when we
visited Arizona in February you learn
something new
there's summer grass and winter grass I
think most people they usually only
plant one and so like for half of the
year will be either brown or green some
places they do both some people at their
houses they do both so this field here
it wasn't necessarily brown but it
wasn't alive and luscious and green
oh well they've been watering it like
crazy lately and I was thinking okay
that must be winter grass but as winter
grass what is normal grass that was
winter grass but everyone else's because
the temperatures drop to more normal
temperatures
so as winter grass but everyone else has
I don't know it's weird
well I'm glad it's green now here okay
let's get some workouts and kids you
ready to work out yeah hi
yeah
this like midfield by the way for this
soccer field
hey what a shot what a shot
hello and welcome to our beauty Channel
I'm s Nicholas Anderson this is Jay Ray
Anderson and we're doing a aging same
one he wanted to do a mask the other day
where Sephora does that look old really
old right guys looks old
when I get my hair cut like you're
definitely your age I wanted to do them
I thought we were getting like the cream
no we have that upstairs I'm peeling it
says to peel the pink part off oh these
are the weird ones look down at me you
can't even see look down at me don't be
a big baby yeah yeah episode of the
office when we put on my face and then
peel it now that's weird
oh it's cold last time I did a massive
this with my sister and mom a long time
ago looks so scary
oh yes give me all the extra distance oh
no my hair you know those babies are
aging me the excess on my neck wrinkles
cos I've got permanent neck wrinkles oh
but I just my mother-in-law says never
forget your chest also have a tight neck
and a saggy chest Halloween costume
complete this is terrifying oh it's fun
to reassure do you know we look in the
morning watching the World Series it has
been quite a game I did not watch Game
one because it hurt my heart and I'm not
gonna say who I want to win but I'm
pretty happy with that home run I want
the Astros and it's not just because the
Dodgers beat the Cubs like I said I
didn't think because we were in the
World Series this year but there's some
Dodgers fans that just driving me crazy
they're acting like they won the World
Series as soon as they clinched their
spot in the playoffs in like all year
and I'm just like man I don't like that
plus I hated one of the games I went to
last year during the playoffs I
absolutely hated it I had people
touching me shoving me a little a little
bit more aggressive than your normal
experience nothing like terrible that
you go to the police about but it was uh
it was not that enjoyable good night
tell me why aunt cut the face off the
dummy I didn't think it was very
realistic in the movie and it turns out
it's pretty realistic we had to pay for
it cost us thirty five hundred dollars
five thousand three hundred dollars for
a dummy
