good morning sweet world i krista from
christa channel and you're watching
sound go vlogs this is the house where
Sam grew up in this chair Jenica when
she was single had her 19th birthday
party
welcome to Sam akka blocks well is this
not the cutest thing I've ever seen in
my entire life of course once I know
what to say if I'm in the room he will
not cuttle Noah is never one to sit and
cuddle do do you never cut a like that
seriously this kid is always on the go
always that's why the only thing I'm
nervous about this summer is traveling
again because this is what it is
24/7 he's like oh dad's here I gotta act
tough yeah alright I wasn't calling mom
nah man I'm ready to go I mean that I'd
cuddly all day if I could
you guys are so cute it's okay knowing
you can cuddle mom I'd do it too I do
cuddle mom she's cute you're lucky you
have a cool mom well mom you're really
cool too he's always does that post nap
crazy hair too now watching a little
love and honor was this another chick
flick something dude okay that I don't
know about that Noah let's go upstairs
and watch sports
hey we hit the pool right the pool but
it's hard to film without Sam who
haven't gotten much footage cuz it's
really hard when you're chasing this guy
the whole time he like doesn't realize
that you can't someone just like throws
himself into the water laughs in fact
tomorrow I think it's so nice and we're
able to come we're gonna bring his
little floaties and let him float around
in that that's cute fun huh buddy okay
here's one seat back in no ironing that
was fun but no it's just like literally
it was fun no tomorrow I think it's
supposed to be really nice so I think
we'll come back and get him blow up his
little floaty and bring that with us
it's not what he actually just like
flipped by himself and flipped that
first poor little arms coming up they're
like up by his head the whole time so
that should be fun hopefully it's a nice
day tomorrow it's the first day in three
weeks it hasn't rained so let's just
keep the good weather going here that
subpool - this kid is a lot like me when
I was little love the water
love the beach love the pool high
baseball like his dad - ha hey did you
have fun at the pool my little water
baby did you have fun he's getting ten
out of me now it's a little tan baby huh
no that sign you were really under there
for like maybe 40 minutes if that
busting for two minutes but I said
perfect
Sam's trying to bet me saying that mo
Bubba's has a drive-thru when mo bettas
does not have a drive-thru
he's crazy drive-through
and yes we are eating out tonight we
might have Eno a little too many times
this week but you know I bought
groceries Sam just wanted me down so
they do they have one used to we've
never been through it
no we haven't we've never been through a
moat biters drive-through really I wish
I still did go pick go pick your hand
sighs they're a lot of people he just
had the basketball huh I was dropping
him in and he was like reaching reaching
reaching you tired of it you love it
see ball his life see beep oh he's gonna
really good at throwing balls bball
that's fun he's a boy I like it he is a
dude oh oh
bye-bye ball lay down again let me try
and get the best thing go like Canada
quick board today much longer one
tomorrow I wanted to edit this very
quickly I come from the future I just
added this the footage that you just
watched and I really want to get this up
because it's 1:00 a.m. and I need to go
to bed
plus I have like 20 to 30 minutes of
footage from today that I need to edit
for tomorrow because today was one of
the greatest days ever
not anywhere close to when Jen and I got
married or the birth of Noah but it was
a really cool day sometimes you know
everything just goes away and that was
what today was well tomorrow
so anyways hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog and we're gonna be spending a lot
of time at the pool it's heated we got
Noah tube it's gonna be a fun summer
doesn't be great
look guys thanks I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
secret clip you see that crack of my
phone that's also what happens at the
pool it wasn't me though but the person
that did it I love him doesn't matter
good night guys I'm tired see you
tomorrow
