what's up guys it's Gracie summer from
Florida and you're watching salmon
gravlax from a MJ vlogs I'm tired
I'll make the hoop you dunk it in ready
donkey this is side pass yeah yeah Wow
take a knee take a knee buddy take a
knee he's trying to trick you he's
trying to trick you oh you beat me you
did it whoa amazing the box-t hi
I did a major cleaning session today
clean the bathrooms well sometimes I'll
do like halfsies you can do like the
toilet one day and then like the mirrors
and everything else another day so it
was toilet day today clean the toilets
pick the balls no as toys although he'll
probably destroy it in like five minutes
you know that's okay I like to pick up
throughout the day clean the kitchen is
pretty clean our rooms are more
organized it's how long does it take for
these to grow out it's terrible it's
terrible
dad's uploading the video and I think
Samson you want to do a little art
project tonight so that would be fun
what a mouth breathing ah he's done all
of us today I think it smells following
him today I need fresh you today baby
yoga let's go get some the finger pain
let's do a craft painting a picture for
Mom let's do it now and wave okay
there's a picture your sister just
posted a little while ago and he looks
so much like you
like me I almost posted like a
side-by-side picture yeah yeah answer
yes no looks just like you I almost
posed to take a side-by-side picture
because it looks so much and then I
found picture of me profile but I don't
have the big version but he looks just
like both of us
crazy right look it doesn't it look so
much like Noah just blonde the blonde
version of Noah
I know slow dance man that clean kitchen
we're gonna go to the store right now
and get some safe paint for Noah and
we're gonna see if we can do like some
finger-painting or some sort of
watercolor it's raining again
we need more indoor activities to do
together so let's go do it
you ready do it let's go a little
Picasso that's a yet you're not
no just the darker-skinned babies I love
them I only chose those ones well you
married the wrong guy if you want a
darker skinned baby because I am very
pasty wait let me get that it's for you
he was like flinching away for many
minutes ago let me just it's behind your
ears what's down there not impressed be
pretty you weren't supposed to film that
movie grip you love glitter I'm really
attracted to these things I want to just
sit on my shelf or I kind of really what
I really want to do with it is to take
it in like make a design on my hand and
then wait for it to dry and peel it off
hey all right we stopped by two places
put our name in the raffle for a shoe
that we both really really want Polly
the shoe I want more than any other shoe
this year and our chances are what like
one in a thousand probably one in a
thousand around they're so small oh yes
the first second the second oh my gosh
oh my god
those shoes are some of my favorite ones
I come back like yeah I got your message
I'm calling them back come back no no
you're not supposed to like you don't
need to I'm calling them back shoes for
me you better sell them I literally had
no chance of a new shoes there's like no
chances and they get these Wow you gotta
be kidding me are you kidding me I feel
like we've never hire cars gonna hit me
oh my gosh I am in shock Linc
no way the sun's out it rain today but
the Sun is out and we live in a
beautiful place I'm so happy that I want
the shoes out of me Hey he's even he's
been freaking out since that call like
literally freaking out dancer I'm gonna
go tell de Haan because
you won't believe it I told day on that
people were complaining about us playing
Super Smash Brothers like the neighbors
and I'm like yeah the place they called
they called and left a message you gotta
listen to this so I'm gonna go play he's
in freaking out you like Rand here is
his house and you were in there and he
was like I did Bobby freakin do again he
just held oh I missed it he hung on to
the rim for like ever
strong oh I was barely holding I was
there to like support him but he was
holding out of it he's a strong kid he's
tired by do you see this see this going
on right here three boxes in here this
one's this one's like empty it was
really funny because the day after I got
Jenn that box she ate the whole box I
helped and then I went and got two more
boxes and she went and got two more
boxes so then we had four boxes I guess
you can never have enough food storage
right okay every box I've eaten has been
like a regular cheez-its box there's
been no crispy ones I'm annoyed because
they're supposed to be totally feet
Jesus step up your toasty game we don't
want have to throw them in the oven I
think they've been extra tasty though
they seem like different cheez-its
they're nice I like them there won't be
any finger painting today we're gonna
save that tomorrow
because we don't have a lot of time
until dinner time but we also did buy
something of a store that we didn't show
and we're gonna do our own little
challenge video initially we thought no
one had done this challenge before and
it was something we were coming up with
and making up on our own we just did a
little YouTube search and it is
something that people have done I also
realized how ridiculous it is for how
happy I get over winning the shoe
lottery I won the shoe lottery there was
only one in my size when we were filling
that out putting our tickets and the
people at the stores were basically
laughing at us at least the Foot Locker
in Salt Lake I'm so excited to get them
though this is the shoe that I've been
wanting so badly I know it's ridiculous
some people might not understand my
excitement but I'm so excited and
Saturday I will go get those babies some
people will get these shoes and never
wear them and that's always like the
first time you put them on it's like
nerve-racking because you don't want to
get them dirty or anything but I'm
definitely gonna wear these I'm
definitely gonna wear these I mean I
have to wear the shoes I bye it's gonna
be a good weekend until then guys we'll
see you tomorrow love ya
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood asleep before 11:30
nope
yeah you can get there all right
