yes sir here from the rainy Utah and you
guys are watching similar blogs please
good morning sweet world so we are
learnin Hannah from El rwf blog we are
currently at University in the UK and
you're watching
sanika bugs enjoy good morning everyone
Sam and David went down to SLC to do
something with sneakers and you know
we're gonna go but they're making them
look just like a really quick trip so we
are just going to stay here and play and
get girl shopping done and stuff like
that I'm instead of driving all the way
back down and all the way back up right
after that because no but not handle
that very well hi say good morning I'm
just having a snack and watching all doc
McStuffins and this is our mess from
this morning mmm kind of just laying low
today it's raining again third week in a
row until Saturday supposed in 80 so
hopefully Saturday and onward is sunny
but just not gonna get my hopes up until
it really is summer
yo what up we're on a special mission
here in Salt Lake today it's very
important that we get this done very
very important crucial to the success of
everyone and that is getting a sushi
burrito this is what it's all about
right here is this
first time you're ready for this I gotta
see what yours looks like unboxing of
the sushi burrito nice so while I clean
he makes a mess yep as long as he's
entertained I'm good whoa what an arm
what an army little hunk who's playing
with the basketball for a while he makes
me so happy you know what you the real
reason we're here is to find the Jordan
ones that are coming out this weekend we
had to put our name on the raffle
and then also get a couple
so what do you think of this year touch
it she just actually has like geez guide
you you can't get me he loves this game
alright we stopped by two places put our
name in the raffle for a shoe that we
both really really want probably the
shoe I want more than any other shoe
this year and our chances are what
like one in a thousand probably one in a
thousand around there but
we come to you amicus Hammacher in deep
need my birthday is next week and my
only wish is to get a size 9 and a half
and 12 in these shoes
the ones they chose you look so cute
this is his thing he throws everything
out everything and then he wants it but
you can't have it because he threw that
don't do that no joy a house don't throw
it out don't do that out of your crib
don't do it excuse me Hey he's obsessed
with this so he knows like but before a
nap or like if you can't go down don't
throw everything out of this crib and
beg you have to come back in now I told
you guys how much I love this piece
could you he really is so squishy you
guys these pink tulips are so pretty I
love juleps are probably one of my
favorite flowers
no he's how you get out for a little bit
sing some swings go around the stroller
my little hunk I mean we're both in like
sweatshirts but it's really not too cold
out here
looks like it's probably gonna rain
again tonight Saturday guys without
green the mountains are right now it's
like we live in another country or
something I've never lived in Utah it's
been this green it's crazy
yeah it'll be raining pretty soon
mmm look at those clouds okay wow those
ones are even prettier look at those
white clouds the dark clouds she looks
nuts looks nice Wow double rainbow all
the way so we're kind of terrible and
haven't like really put like throwing
out any of the boxes because honestly
I'm like we might need them again I
don't think this is the last stop but
they've just been like crazy and
everywhere so I'm trying to just like
get them like at least cut up like this
and just puff to the side something have
a little bit more room so you know we're
having a little clean-up sesh um
yay mm-hmm
it's weird when we're apart for even
like a couple hours yeah together so
often yes I know you've been playing for
a while no it's been going cray Oh gonna
miss wrestle pillow no reason at all
what that pillow ever do to you mister
what that girl who ever do to you good
get him Noah keep the pillow that's the
right thing he's all about that pillow
it's like he's wrestling it seriously
thank you puppy uh-oh oh no oh oh
Budda Budda Budda in the face
first off I'm the best wife ever that
allows me to act like a
sometimes and do crazy things and stupid
things and things I shouldn't even waste
time on but she lets me do it because
she knows it it makes me happy so Jen
you're awesome got my new drivers
license today when I originally got my
license picture taken I posted the
black-and-white version I think got
Twitter maybe I put in the vlog too and
not you guys are like you're not
supposed to smile on those kind of
pictures but at the DMV where I got it
everywhere I was saying to smile the
smile for the license I know for
passports you're not supposed to but in
the state that you live in are you
allowed to smile for your driver's
license are you smiling in your driver's
license right now if you have one in all
three that I've ever had I've had one in
Illinois and two in Utah I've always
been smiling also I got a gift card from
Jen's mom for my birthday I know you're
watching this Rhonda thank you so much
for that and I decided to do something
for Noah with it because well you guys
will see why it's for me too I love it
I got him Oh Patrick Kane Jersey this
one right here
knit arrived today and so tomorrow when
we watch the game together we'll both
have matching jerseys on it'll be a lot
of fun it's also Noah's 11th month
birthday
so hopefully that brings a little bit of
good luck to us because we need to have
a series go to seven games anyways hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog gemma's
the best mom ever she's the best wife
ever
but let me be crazy and a boy sometimes
love you Jen thanks for everything so
you guys tomorrow
peace
if you choose soon I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood
