hey i'm sanna from toronto and you're
watching
sanika blogs BAM today is Memorial Day
in America and I'm grateful for all the
people that I've served for our country
especially your brother I was like
thanks for serving Matt I cuz he just
actually has done with the Marines now
and he's saying yeah but Memorial Day is
supposed to you're supposed to remember
the ones who passed away yeah I was like
well good the pictures in of you yeah
that's a common like thing that happens
all people will say something about
people that are alive but it's you know
that's good day to be grateful seriously
they put a lot of time and effort and
work and time away from their family and
Jen's brother was one of those dudes oh
there you are hey and now he's done and
he's moving to Utah this week this week
he's not moving down the street from us
but it's okay it'll be fun to see him
out here Jen says I never treat my shoes
well enough so Jen I'm gonna spray them
with protective coat of water-resistant
stuff hopefully that will make them last
longer I'm gonna clean em more it's
funny it's like a double standard
because if I clean my shoes and go crazy
Jen's like oh my gosh you're crazy
you're cleaning your shoes and if I
don't clean them she's like oh my gosh
you don't take care of your shoes so
here we go
no I slept like a champ today so we
gotta actually wake him up unfortunately
I always think funny people be better
when they're like talking together
because like they can't hear you
hi sweetheart hi baby
if you have a good man oh hi please get
down there hi dad
it's cotton
he keeps me good
I keep trying that blue dog out huh look
at ugly or chubby legs
hello you they've got matching shirts I
love you character who is that dancing
on can you fix it to the board
okay this pepper is so fun dance dance
this dance this dance
sweet happy sleeper lately go change
your Nike it's amazing you know Han know
it's been waking up like super early
lately I wasn't sure if it's because
like the Sun oh I had no idea what it
was for but lately this lil nugget has
been sleeping till 7 again yay
and taking really good naps look at my
shoes I'm happy makes me so happy
Matt cam hi vada you were about to give
him kisses huh oh she does the little
motion oh oh I do love cats Soph Soph
know what they don't leave it kissy
Kissy she is so cute she looks so big
today oh is it like a lady pulling up in
a Corvette
seriously kovaydin know why you take
could be so heavy taking your girlfriend
on a little date round town your little
car you think I'm gonna stand up now I'm
feeling adventurous seriously is this
good again Oh quite the workout for you
wait the workout hey I made you Chinese
food you didn't make genders
Jen I have a special treat for you
extra toasty when jen suzi she's gonna
freak out we have cheese nips and the
new cheese it extra toasty which one's
cheese it nips and which one is extra
toasty
am I just going off is this cheese it's
or is this cheese it's extra toasty
people in the comments decide now what
do you think my professional opinion yep
she's it cheese nip based I thought that
is correct
Jen would be very satisfied with this
box of cheese nips because every like
look at this ok these are ones I just
pulled out look how bright they are
they're burnt I'll pull out two more and
those okay sure those aren't burnt few
more and look look how burnt that one is
like Jen would be very satisfied with
that that one is definitely burnt if
cheese what are those called cheese nips
if cheese nips did burnt edges or what
are these called extra toasty they
thought even be better than cheez-its
oh and I was shocked - shocked right now
that's OTV I got you something you
serious no I think you're gonna like it
yeah I think you know I'm ready for this
oh you guys don't know ya been medium I
can get more of you guys okay if you
guys know me but Sam does I like my
crackers burned like I like crispy
crackers yeah on the back it says you
asked we toasted what like these are my
favorite like in two zip bags I always
find like the extra crispy ones in this
whole bag is crispy cheez-its
oh my gosh wasn't amazing it's amazing
in scene with goldfish I love the extra
crispy goldfish yeah crazy they actually
came out with that I thought I was the
only one I thought I was the only one
there's more of us out there so may I
sit them in a box they taste so good
love you I found an effective way to
work out you bring your Wii U to the gym
you ride your bike and you play I'm
gonna be entertained for days I'm gonna
ride forever doing this this is like you
know it's people that have it like a
treadmill and they work and walk at
their desk I'm gonna play Wii you work
out that 100-mile bike race and ride my
bike are you ready grab your nunchucks
already let's go Super Smash Bros 20
miles in the books feeling it feeling it
but I feel like I could do more
I'm just not sure if I'm ready for a
team or got to work up to it and playing
Super Smash Brothers well writing with
the bike I was going fast too it might
actually work might be a really nice fun
easy way to train this is the ultimate
way to train we I feel like we're
creating like a new meme that guy that
brings his Wii U to the gym bikes and
plays hey you can make fun of us
but it's smart especially since there's
no one here I got a lot more training
until I'm ready for that bike ride and I
still eat you got a bike I'm renting a
bike for the race maybe I should get
another bike because I need to get out
on the road and not just be in the gym
but what you guys think of that little
training tactic I think it's pretty good
someone said well you can't have video
games with you when you actually do the
ride I could bring my phone and game the
whole time
I'm just playing but I liked it time for
bird
you play kazoo
got you tickets to barter for yet this
was that vulgar fare
so is this picture good memories sanika
50% off
