Oh among the women sorry but let's burn
yeah yes that's me a little time ago
welcome today's vlog from Ontario Canada
so today's vlog is going to be a little
bit different partly because the footage
that we actually filmed yesterday for
today's vlog we can't use until Monday
for that vlog because we're gonna
release a video on that day and we don't
want to spoil anything so right now
we're gonna hop on periscope and what
are we gonna do have a little Q&A well
live periscope Q&A maybe a little mini
dance party yep so a lot of people on
periscope will maybe you see this twice
or maybe they won't watch this vlog but
there's not going to be too many of you
that are watching this right now that
we're there on periscope so let's make
this let's go do you have a Q&A dance or
a live Q&A dance those are two separate
things there's the live Q&A and then the
QA so let's see the live Q&A dance no
this right now this is like we're doing
QA hey some questions I will also have a
couple intermissions of noah so let's
get to it
I'm setting it one two three no weird
well it's like Inception yeah you can
see people joining Wow I love carts
hearts hearts hearts hearts hearts
hearts first one sorry I just caught you
the heart smart search everybody
hearts hearts are you can see yes on the
actual periscope oh hello right here's
the deal
we had a very fun day yesterday but we
can't use the footage in the vlog that
I'm supposed to post today so I was like
crap what are we gonna post today what
am I gonna post right now so we're doing
a live Q&A on periscope and we're
recording it 263 273 people right now in
here this is kind of like a spoiler
alert cuz you guys are gonna be like
wait I saw this in the vlog there's a
lot of other people that aren't here but
you guys can help make today's vlog
right now right oh there's another
camera see you like it we're filming
right there cool
starting question number one first
question to come in good questions guys
come on what were other baby name
options for Noah okay that's a fun
question that's a fun question because
it was hard to name Noah okay at one
point I joked around and we said that we
would name him Taz but that was a joke I
would never name a child tag we okay
this for Noah were buh buh beh she want
to be a you I want to do but I thought
people make fun of his name was Bo sorry
for anyone watching this named Bo I
think you have a cool name we do we love
named Bo I might use in the future who
knows and what other name we liked
Grayson but we couldn't do s1 SOS
Greyson Anderson that's why we just know
um we also liked Finn didn't we yeah we
joked about Finn you also like the name
Agustin Agustin know that yeah so all
those names that you just heard we
probably won't name our second child if
it's a boy cuz we'll get a fresh start
okay next question
cool names thanks Haley hey
what speaking is bum no one but look at
you bouncing on his calf goodness I have
been fine
you've been really messy face if Noah
was a girl what would the name have been
Oh Sam loved the name Zoey but that's
also a very popular name right now but
so does Noah so his top was Zoe my top
was Lenny Ellie and I and I was like I
can't do money because that's the girl
that that was actually a guide that
catfished manti te'o so okay things you
guys have done individually they're
craziest things we've done we went in
together I don't know I wouldn't done
anything crazy I'm boring getting
married
nope I'm having a baby with the crazy I
think the craziest thing we've done
honestly is like putting our job like
our regular job to do so yes that's
completely against the norms of society
I feel like if my both my grandpa's knew
what I was doing right now they did a
hurry are you doing with your life but
we live in a different time and a
different age and sometimes I feel like
people don't understand like you know
you can do different things in life and
you don't have to always follow it's
like the normal right who wants to be
normal
sometimes I don't know one look at this
top but I'm not normal okay on your back
oh he's like he's like thinks you're his
best friend or something
yeah Jen when we reach next channel
video B we should talk about that
so stupid because we filmed a video I
was really I know
already been 11 months we stink for the
worst
I'm bad at it can you even call us
youtubers out a bit weird youtubers
honestly we're bad so let's do 10 months
how about this let's do you we should
make a goal film
challenged at least one a week that's
not bad
what are we because we're like behind
unlike for challenges everyone's asking
ok baby number 2 so let's do a challenge
it will be a challenge and then your 10
month because no it's me 10 months any
we're just gonna really we'll just get
rid of the nine months I mean 11 months
you guys give me one years old uh we
should do like you should do when you're
cooking videos just like a fun cooking
video fun they're asking about baby
number two a lot of those questions came
in a minute ago baby number two baby
number two that's topic it is it's a
definitely a personal question right
it's something that Jen and I have
talked more about now than five months
ago
yeah we're to the point where it's like
you know you have to think ahead nine
months from now what's life gonna be
like just cow there's always a
possibility for twins both sides of our
family my mom's a twin my dad has twin
siblings I've twin cousins
I bet everyone has a twin cousin yeah I
would say let's just say that baby
number two would be we're hoping well
say no we got the right answer it beat
sooner than later um how many kids do
you want let's just go probably four I'm
Raziel four or five kids
hello bruiser there we go you're going
so slow down come on pick up the feed
pick up the speed anywhere in the world
where would you go
Europe because that's my family's from I
wanna go to Italy and I want to go to
England and I want to go to Switzerland
and I want to go to Norway and I want to
go to basically all of Europe well that
happened in my life I don't know since
Jen said that I'll say I think South
America I cut you off but I wanna go
everywhere I think it'd be cool to go to
Australia that would be cool too
favorite non daily vlogger youtuber I
say Arturo Trejo what do you have to
answer that very desert Strawberry
Shortcake
candy chocolate milkshake or ice cream
Oh ice cream - oh I don't like am I ever
gonna be good at the claw game again no
ya don't know one fix any money yes also
guys I think the Sun has tanned a scar
on my forehead what good it's like
really dark I don't know what it is this
it's a scar sorry I'm just noticing it
right now favorite song at the moment
yeah
that's a heart condition always it's not
like a huge I love music but I'm not one
to just like turn it on I don't think
about it randomly so I don't know what
here's a teaser for anyone on periscope
to watch the vlog here is a five second
clip of one of my favorite songs today
Oh pick up the speed day I'm like BAM I
just answer that name and editing show
your nipples yes we didn't start
watching will you ever serve as senior
mission together so that's something
that a lot of people probably don't know
about I was served a mission in the
Dominican Republic which I've mentioned
when you're older you also have the
opportunity to serve a mission together
mission together
yes for sure amazing labor I was like
push that baby took me for every push no
out and she's like bam bam bam
got him without ya I hope I was six
pound baby just like that oh my probably
freaking ten day on asked what's
Calvin's blood type it's uh I have no
IDE yt+
salmon Jen what camera do you use we use
tons of different cameras right now but
we I phone camera but we vlog with the
canon g7x Maggie's living at everybody
else that's like the most popular one to
be honest I don't think it's the I don't
know I like it a lot it looks good
but like the 3:30 the elf 3:30 like
there's nothing like a if it's still my
favorite vlogging camera it's just so
noble not me homeschooled I could not do
that because I am NOT and bad and he
needs to have that social interaction I
enjoyed school nothing wrong to all the
peeps out in school no I think it's
great
my cousins live in Boston I can go there
I just dropped my phone in my face I
hate when the heavens to come on I order
chicken burritos uh yapping in chicken
burritos lately there's no point going
to volure favor probably yeah no it
won't be on a leash guys I used to like
shun those backpack oh my god I will
never do it but I understand never
some kids are wild and they need a
little you know monkey backpack leash
just saying it looks like you're trying
to do not try this at home
someone said pizza topping pepperoni I
like that yeah I like white sauce is
like artichoke or something favorite
color blue no orange green I like no
orange yellow purple I like all the
colors last question do you think Noah
vlog yes cuz he already has Rangers are
lightning lightning just because if I
think it'd be awesome to have oh sorry
Brooke I know you probably want the
Rangers oh gosh
Brooke Brooke why is such a tough
question okay I'm indifferent I just
think it'd be funny and cool if the
Blackhawks
and lightning faced each other because
the only hockey wager that I've had this
year was between the Lightning and Danny
Duncan and I need vengeance I need I
need to get him back because there's
nothing better
heck no so if it was blight nning and
black hawks
it would be amazing Danny Duncan I'm
coming for you the Blackhawks we have to
win this series okay that's that's good
oh I thought no what who are you
well she said lightening your pregnancy
brain no it's just my brain into a bad
brain okay we are now calling one of you
guys from the periscope help end the
vlog so this should be fun and it is
Paulina let's see I feel so honored josh
is gonna be so jealous he actually he's
the one that got me to watch your blog's
oh really
yeah I started watching Shaytards and
then he told me about you guys and then
I started watching y'all and now I watch
y'all literally every day we should make
a sign that says hi Josh
and then you can buy Josh you can oh
yeah if he's watching yeah yeah snap
right now too bad you're not in this
Skype oh I guess you're kind of excited
snapchat don't mess this up I just like
the pressure alright guys we had a fun
time hanging out with paulina we're
skyping right now she's gonna help us
end the vlog right now all right you
ready for this do it take two take two
all right
all right go for it now sound effects
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
