hi my name is Daniela I'm from here
January Brazil and you're watching
Seneca box bye hello sweet world
we are out in the family I'm Alec I'm
Michelle comlinks and you're tuning the
Sam o'clock thanks really
I know go on a long morning walk because
it's really nice out right now and I'm
trying to take advantage of one it's
actually nice hopefully just a train
today but uh looks like you feel it's a
good morning everyone good morning
little bright morning he always hangs on
to little click ins with like we click
the car seat in he always hangs on to
those he never like sits back and
relaxes in his stroller
unless he's like really tired he just
sits there and hang on hello those
clouds are you know I like that so I
think last night is rolling over into
today what and though is being more
support more support for Sam oh he wants
to come push the buttons who's gonna win
Oh
so this be disputed these boys go crazy
over this game who's winning all tied up
now
whoa-oh
they own that again how do you feel that
that whole cross the street go outside
why you know what I want personally
around me I gotta pick up my head I'm
worried about does garbage I would train
for Super Smash Bros no one ever was it
done each Pokemon to understand I just
skipped some toys like Pokemon stopped
raining is you yogi I knew it what do
they do did they tell their mother that
the cat came I don't think so I think
it's a secret they're gonna keep a
secret aren't they no yes you're cute
I read these books since like I didn't
know so they're kind of fun for you to
read
yeah they're a tongue twister he's
enjoying books today I was reading to
him this morning yeah he's getting a
little more interested it's fun well
this is a ham cooking today with my
little shadow on my back Mary hi I'm
just getting Dinner started and Noah has
he's in fin will offensive I think he's
teething I gave him some teething
tablets but he is quite emotional today
so at least just sense he woke up from
his nap it's really weird it's like
sometimes he'll wake up for a nap like
super happy and other times he wakes up
things like crying for no reason so well
obviously those reason to him I don't
know what that reason is though right
now he's watching me cook I almost
started this the other night last night
when I was cooking but and Sam got home
right in time
Sam a little bit late to getting the
blog up so Sam's editing and uploading
right now actually Ellen Jackson or
Ellie and Jared and Jackson might be
stopping by because someone may be going
into labor
we'll see so her family's at a town so
they're gonna drop Jackson off with us
while they go check things out make sure
everything's good and you might have a
little sleep over here so yes I'm
cooking dinner for all of us
so I'm cooking a creamy spinach pasta
but it's there's no cream involved it's
just a little cream cheese and tomatoes
and whatnot so it should be good
hopefully I really hope this boy
continues to like want to help out in
the kitchen as he gets older she'll be
fun bonding time you know like when want
to help Mom cook in the kitchen so I'm
excited for that we'll see huh
right now he's very interested in it but
we'll see if he's interested when he's
three and five and you know sometimes
the unexpected happens and you always
have to be ready tonight
guys and we're having a sleepover stay
baba sleepover sleepover you ready have
a sleepover these guys it's so fun for
Noah because he's usually bigger than
kids and he and Jackson are like the
same jackal know they're like the same
size so it's like fun for no house on
the playground yeah Jackson can
definitely carry his weight yeah even
all his own look at all right guys don't
compete over it I'm so sad for Ellie oh
my I know me too
I eat in labor I was - I was like like
makes me is like oh my god I rushed to
Walmart to grab a bunch of stuff and I
was like oh my gosh I can't believe this
is happening for them right now
this fast it was a couple months ago or
they said they were pregnant and now
they're having a baby tonight tonight
guys hey dude you're gonna be a big
brother you're gonna be a big brother
well probably not tonight but tomorrow
that's crazy
it's so crazy because I was texting only
this morning like hey I'm like Valentina
isn't forever can we come in like I got
for a visit just come hang out for a
little bit so the boys could play and we
could like catch up and then like we
were supposed to get together but things
that work out yada yada
anyway she ends up text me when we're
supposed to get together she's like I'm
just not feeling well like I kind of
think I might be in labor and I was like
oh my gosh so it's just crazy that like
the day I'm like hey let's hang out the
day she goes into labor
nothing to do today hey you guys still
get to play uh oh I think a dance party
is about to break out a new dance I need
a dance
Noah's dancing on the bike Jackson's
dancing over there well maybe he'll
dance with him if he's walking so much
look at this kid know what go get him go
get him
they're playing tag right now it's so
funny Oh cookie Jackson he's behind you
go get him Brent Jackson ride oh did I
seriously miss the cute tag game
these kids are cute it's almost bedtime
though almost bedtime I think Jackson's
almost ready for bed he's getting tired
Noah
go get him he went over here Noah's
never walked so much either I think
seeing Jackson walk and climb on
everything Noah's like I want to do that
too huh should get you boys together
more often
no one oh goodness what are you boys
doing Sam's trying to get a cute
sleepover picture of them Oh
the little dudes are beg Ellie's has
reporter and she's getting ready to have
a baby I passed out on the couch Sam did
pass out on the couch we're actually but
early tonight
well kind of midnight that's early
breath
I so tired today was a very good day
that guys little dudes they played so
good together yeah they really good time
Noah was everything but bored
seriously seriously I'm like oh my god
oh man you guys are so nice to help out
but to be honest like it was fun yeah I
loved it that's what friends are for
right
their family had gone out of town and
because they weren't planning on having
a baby this weekend we'd sit in yeah
that it's like a seems like just
yesterday they were like rabid Haiti and
you're like oh my goodness then it's
like as divine intervention today that
you guys yeah I get together we had our
day set aside for knowing them to play
and I was like it
here's Jackson okay good baby go the Big
O Hanuman make this the next best day of
your life yeah it's crazy I'm so excited
to see the footage I guess I'm just
excited extreme oh yes I yes are you I
was super excited and I still AM like
I'm trying to get a set excited now
again then I mostly it gives me like
butterflies thinking about like when we
had our baby I know that's I was
thinking us that feeling that excitement
just carry everything about it I was
such a boob I was such a baby that day
yeah whatever still has a baby it makes
you more baby hungry what was that oh
I'm serious nice I know she's dog Sam
wishes don't lie
no if I were to say Sam I'm pregnant he
was so still of course I would cuz I'm
always close are you doing it is I'm
always excited and happy but mm anyway
we're just gonna cuddle here in bed and
hope that the boy sleeping
by the panel by the time we wake up
there's probably another baby in this
world
Calvin is gonna be here by the time we
wake up crazy we their world I was I saw
them before they left was like your
worlds about to rock that's not the best
thing to say you're so gonna be fun okay
yeah in a good way right any we don't
want anyone kid so we don't know in a
good way it's just like a whole new
adventure for them better or not here he
comes
good night can reach if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood
