hello sweet well this is Naomi and King
saying hi from Australia enjoy the
stomach of lugs
we're from Empress rose TV and your
watches Samak vlogs Noah's a little
obsessed with this horse it's got pretty
good balance on there too we're here at
out another park we're just waiting for
them to get here huh buddy
that's almost nap time so he's getting a
little tired so I figured so I come to
park now because you can't tell there's
lots of clouds coming in it's supposed
to rain today
later this afternoon there's like a 50%
chance so hopefully it doesn't we can
come back to the park but I'm probably
well because it's been rainy every day
hey random cowboy ride him cowboy
Noah Noah hey the grounds a little hot
from the car lot to help him kind of
walk around but he's still well I can't
really do it by himself yet hey Noah he
was just staring at other kid 12 seconds
later he's seriously still on this thing
he won't play anywhere else but on the
source
and you just haven't went too much spy
on this horse he takes for crying
seriously serious business people for
you to go so I think this steering wheel
and that horse are Noah's favorite
things to play with that this part right
now he looks so big he's got fine all of
the ground and stuff is a little hot so
it's he's having a little hard a hard
time crawling so I'm kind of helping
walk around but there's so much walking
my back and handle oh man you guys this
storm that just rolled in is nuts I
suppose there's hidden cameras I'm lovin
it is like so windy and so rainy it's a
downpour right now what would you look
at that it's raining just look at what
would you just look at it so gloomy out
right now and there's lightning and
thunder it's crazy out there it's crazy
out there Noah it's just nuts because it
was so nice and pretty today and I even
showed like the skies like oh no these
clouds look like it's gonna rain and now
the storm is here Noah stinks for him
because now he's stuck inside again but
oh well hopefully tomorrow it won't rain
in the morning and we'll get to play
outside for a little bit huh I'm done
with the rain guys I'm done with the
rain I just wonder son
pounding chicken this should be
interesting
I really hate dealing with anything brah
like hazing with uncooked chicken
uncooked uncooked seafood to anything
uncooked I hate it I just feel like I'm
gonna get salmonella or something so she
taught me a baby and having to like hold
him all the time like I just hate it
even raw eggs I hate cracking eggs but I
don't have any mallet or anything so I'm
going to use this spoon in one hour
later two hours later three hours later
six and a half hours later vegetarians
don't look Sam Senser this even do it so
I just put a piece of plastic wrap over
it two thousand years later one utility
late oh no it's gonna be pounding the
chicken man was started laughing and
then tried to start pounding his other
pencils
he's been founding that little cup
measuring spoon for like a whole minute
straight I obviously don't know if that
did anything
I mean after skinnier or anything but
whatever yellow you think you can just
take your shirt off and eat dinner do
many rules in this household who's
running this place huh
ooh we got chef Jen on her her cooking
ways again look at this look at this
beautiful meal you like things like that
nice and crispy it's good to eat
the Blackhawks lost it was a good game
the Ducks are good I really like how
both play styles contrasts against each
other most you guys don't even care
about that but it's gonna be a good
series I think it's gonna go to seven
games if I was a betting man I'd
probably have to go with the depth right
now because they're up two to one but I
think the Blackhawks can still pull it
off they'll have to win Game four though
behind the scenes of day on Jane and
what's this what's your name what's your
name again what's your name again
toasty bagels is that a secret I talked
about it in a periscope I tried to tie
these to the drone and fly it and I'm
gonna do it again and film it and you
guys will see just exactly what happened
today's vlog is extra short it's been a
weird day today the day I'm editing it
that's just how it was today real life
sanika Jen just worked out you guys will
know more about why I was short and why
it took me so long to get up tomorrow
anyways hope you guys had a wad see you
through
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I will be happy I'm a weak good you got
understood I will be happy I'm good you
better believe it
now do together in corny
