yo what's a family kuppusamy family my
name is Antoni I am from casual vlogs
and you are watching some curved locks
Dahle
one woman Wow
Wow
last night was a historical night in
hockey it was the longest recorded
Blackhawks game ever nearly two full
games it almost went into four overtimes
and I wake up this morning and it's on
and it's seriously like a minute away
from them scoring and winning at all see
that longest Blackhawks game ever and
they are one of the original teams ever
in the end age and they are one of the
original yeah and they are one of the
original NHL teams it's crazy dude this
was history you're witnessing it not
necessarily alive but close to it
there it was the game-winning goal we
went nearly an entire game without
scoring that's how long it was look who
came to play today that you are you
gonna share we just went to the park but
I forgot to film so whoops no his little
cheeks are all pink from getting sweaty
he crawls everywhere what do you have
Noah oh what's that crazy guy doing over
there what's that crazy guy doing over
there huh hi marine or his wolf sides
coming out with this bed head Wow what
do you think Jeff a good nap say woke up
and had a bad dream but I went back to
sleep okay
what should we do with your hair this
summer should we give you like some sort
of hairstyle for the girl ah okay
wow the amendment yeah you can okay
how's a good one oh thanks just can't
get over how much I love this baby I
love you give me a minute
double chain double chain double Jim I
love you
he's so in thought pondering while
looking out the window one thing that
I'm very happy and excited about is that
Noah gets even more excited than you
when I get the basketball out
does he like freaks out he seriously get
so excited and today this morning when
we were sitting here playing really
early this morning he took a ball and
threw it into that like sand bucket
nailed it just nailed it yeah he's got
good night pronation with the ball we
need to get him a ball dude
maybe you should go get one maybe I
should go get one right now look at he
wants this so bad
alright you got it you got steal it away
from you though you got steal it away
from me nice work nice
that's it like so prevalent so he knows
what's up hey I'm gonna pick up the ball
he's good oh my gosh it's raining again
and we're on our way to we're gonna get
known of all we're gonna go ball he
really loved snow Sam's basketball sorry
man ball also my husband says I played
at 2 a.m. and watched his Dance Moms
without me
I was hungry last night he was eating
burritos dance mom you were out when you
work out sometimes you have to replenish
all that work and so but that doesn't
mean you replenish your Dance Moms I'll
tell you what quite a bone to pick with
a cup of those Dance Moms and Abby I'm
very upset with him because he watched
the new episode without me without me at
2:00 a.m. who what man watching Dance
Moms that too an he says I'm not in it
for the dance I'm in it for the drama he
says I don't like Abby and I don't like
Jill and Melissa he's dead serious you
guys know immediately Melissa she's
getting on my nerves
oh my mainly a be mainly Abby you know
I'd be able to connect a little bit more
if you had waited and watched it with me
Oh watch it
no he won't never barely
but good it's your size ball bunny
my balls do need man this one man we're
trying to decide we should go in just
like a squishy squishy basketball or
like a real basketball or just squishy
balls this will give you a body missing
yeah okay we'll go with the soft one
this is why he tackles little kids
yeah that's basketball you guys so
exciting basketball was on TV
because football oh my gosh I got on
camera oh my gosh
my arse that's the most he's locked Oh
all because he likes his ball I think
it's gonna be just like you you like
that ball okay Oh kick it kick it come
on Oh Oh ball saved is forgiving is it
thank you oh that was cool let's go
let's go go go your dad God you look at
that face look at that face new things
you wanna wrestle X you ready you think
if you wanna wrestle
let's go let's go let's go hey some part
of your legs
why do you grow
you know when you have a ball and you
start making up games well we made up a
game that you can't have it on your side
of the family room for more than three
seconds or else you lose no I'm giving
Jenna free shot in the face okay you
gotta go back to where you were far away
give me the chest okay here we go
did a little didn't really get me listen
to the rain slam against window eating
fruit mangoes and chocolate mangoes and
watching the survivor finale and family
knows who won cuz what have you guys
tweeted him and spoiled it so would you
say no was officially walking no no be
officially walking when he's not
crawling anymore
I'm he's still crawling oh really yes so
we said he's starting til we ask people
to put a day down it's been six days
does is it officially six days or should
we wait no it we should wait he won't be
completely walking I think for another
week or four days which would make my
attend a prediction correct well soon
find out he's progressing really fast
I think he'll still be calling for a
while well they always call a little bit
yeah but as soon as he's walking more
than he's crawling then he's walking
yeah we'll see how the mirga's does
unless he's that for what can't you say
that
oh yeah I think he saw a little bit more
apprentice yeah he's doing great
definitely I was just watching our video
from Father's Day last year and he was
inside of me and he said and he here
will have an almost one year old and now
that years almost here and it's crazy
it's almost like it's time for another
one okay have fun getting pregnant CS
mom
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood can I go in Survivor
sure if you want a million dollars let's
make an audition tape okay
