it's time it's time it's time it's time
it's time for the word of the day it's
time it's time it's time it's time it's
time for the word of the day what's the
word of the day can you say toast toast
toast is toast it's toast hey yep it's
time it's time it's time it's time it's
time for the word of the day
bum bum bum bum bum BA bum bum
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
bomb pop I love the all red red shirt
red pants red socks
this is a perfect ski outfit bum bum bum
bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
ready
ba-bump ba-bump ba-bump are better damn
spunk fighter buh buh buh buh buh buh
duh buh buh buh this is all his idea
oh that box with all the foam and stuff
he made a jail he made a fort
he made skis transformers
he even said he was fighting zombies and
he had like a bow and arrow and weapons
and stuff crazy the imagination of a
young
jeesus pjj I also Salvage trip the
neckline I put elastic around it to make
it smaller and it kind of worked so
fresh and so clean I was able to mop and
vacuumed and pick up everything it looks
so nice
feels good have a clean house pj is
feeling a teensy bit better she's
looking better right now hopefully it
stays that way she slept really well not
really great but she slept in so that
was good she was coughing a little bit
last night woke up to check on her a few
times it's still a little wrong but not
fevering I think it's very if anything
is just like many men doing good like
take her clothes off when she does have
a really I think I do strip her down I
put her in cooler jammies she had just
gotten out of the bath so she'd need her
fevers kind of broken at that time she's
had gotten warm later that night and
then I stroked her down out of those
jammies have put cooler jammies on there
and then she's up next to me the whole
night - so we got our taken care of hot
sis we got you taken care of huh
she still this has that sick sick look I
feel like her eyes are still like puffy
and sick okay figured it was about time
I take the pinecones out of my face and
actually get the fake flowers I've been
wanting to get for a while
we're here buying flowers for a giant
base in their kitchen it's time we
follow me
egg saying I have a bouquet of flowers
hopefully and make them look pretty
expensive good thing they last forever
and don't die yeah okay so I went to
Michael's last night take them out it
might be too many I am NOT a florist
I don't do floral design but what look
pretty do you think I don't know how
that's just kind of guessing on what to
do but I think it looks pretty I really
like those ones and I put little white
things in there I don't know I need to
get the beads and fill it up with the
beads so you can't really see the ends
they just were like row he won't so I
had to like break off half of the thing
but it's hard to like measure perfectly
you know there and I had got an extra
one to put in this little vase over here
I thought it looked really pretty I
don't know I think they look pretty
together but I don't know what I'm doing
when it comes to flowers so let me know
your thoughts I know some of you
probably are really good a floral this
is not a design I have a really good
friend who did that for a long time it's
about time now it feels like fresh and
spring and pretty in here so they're
just pinecones thinking about using it
for like real flowers I don't know how
my father's that just wouldn't die and
that could just be pretty on the counter
for ever and Michaels was having crazy
discount all the flowers were 40% off
and a lot of them were even cheaper so
all the tags were saying like $6.99
whatever for one flower and I was like
you kidding me 5.9 for one flower
through 99 I tried to find like 399 in
low
if I felt like just okay saying that
much once would be a pig's and they
would never die but then I got to the
checkout and they were all ringing up
for like $1.99 $2.99 and I was like yes
so I spent way less than I thought I was
gonna be spending which was awesome and
now my house feels pretty laying low
with my girl for the rest of the day
Jenna and Noah are out doing things they
forgot to grab the camera so I'm just
going to end the vlog here guys the
third sanika Olympics has been confirmed
I texted Monica and Elliott they said
that they are in they're down Monica's
already saying smack like she's gonna
destroy me which is great some people
had commented that it might be unfair if
we do past events - you guys I say I'm a
three-time Olympian now that's yeah you
know that's just the I'm just playing
that's the perk of being in the Olympics
so many times no we'll probably try and
come up with new ones I don't generally
wanted to do the peanutbutter ping-pong
with one but what I said to them was
each of you guys come up with an event
and we'll find like a night or two to do
it I kind of want to set the green
screen for some interviews and maybe a
little introduction kind of hype video
like you guys saw I probably won't be
its own standalone video but at least at
the beginning kind of an intro to the
Olympics so we're gonna start working on
that and I'm pretty excited I'll try and
come up with a brand new game so it's
fair I'm a little nervous I'm all
nervous this year the competition might
be stiff we'll try and record some of
those next week today's vlog was
probably a little bit all over the place
but I hope you guys enjoyed it and hope
you are having a great weekend
it won't be posting on Sunday but we
will see you on Monday I have to teach
this Sunday and I need to go prepare my
lesson now so see you guys then
with a congratulations
