what's up guys today we are at Sephora
supported PC Sephora and what are we
doing can we share it no what don't
spray it you don't eat it do you like
ice Mariana it's mommy here you come
from Las Vegas with my go-to scent let's
see through the ages middle school have
her coffee and bitch he basically just
walk into that store and you know how it
smells
and then I evolved I was a New York City
of my sister I got Marc Jacobs I've been
wearing Marc Jacobs exclusively since
forever at least fascinators but they
don't put it in stores anymore so we're
looking for something new although we
got my Cubs girls right here both of
them got their Cubs gears on
no they're already open hey should we
get a face mask Sam and I are gonna do a
mask night and that we're going for
anti-aging and smoothing because we're
getting older now I don't know if you
need one you got some Gatorade on your
face we having a little snack a little
shopping snack what do you eat in
nutrigain bar
well I won't show you what I got it's
before so I got this I saw so I watch a
girl named on TV she's a makeup guru I
sometimes watch her videos I don't
really watch many videos these days
watch some anyway she did a this little
review and they're all nude lipsticks
and I really like that so I got that and
then two masks for Sam and I for to try
am a speech
the basic dream to try finding a new one
see let's see oh it's just like a fresh
brand fresh something youthful look
youthful
hey are you being it um I think that's
under that and then Noah really wanted a
chapstick lipstick whatever he wanted to
call it he wanted to call it lipstick
but it's just a clear chapstick when fun
a little spontaneous trip to Sephora
well I hardly wear makeup these days I
wore something yesterday I need to wear
makeup more often it's just hey girl
knows what she likes she wants to go
into the coach store don't go in no too
expensive come on come on she just sees
all the purses she loves purses and bags
come on baby girl let me hey look at her
she wants to go in so bad Sam
no we're not going in but she just wants
to go I know they're so pretty today
we're at the library
feeding some ducks and nice nice family
had birdseed and let us feed the ducks
with them which was the kids love that
part also he refuses to put his t-shirt
on in 90 degree weather here's one for a
sweatshirt oh you're getting higher
today is a beautiful day the weather is
slowly cooling off it's actually 91
degrees right now but it feels to me
like 80 something you want to show us
something what what did you find
what kind of footprints are those
dinosaurs are these real dinosaurs what
I wanna see how big my foot is compared
to it here let's put our 4 next to it
let's see so it wasn't the biggest
dinosaur what know where t-rex so it
appears that everyone does their family
photos over here we actually took some
and posted on Instagram and printed them
out for our wall but I know something is
this what fall in Arizona and the desert
it looks like cuz I swear these are
agree in the last summer here and now
they're like a purple reddish color does
this fall in the desert
Jennie's this fall in the desert I'm
saying like is this is this what we get
a set of leaves yeah it's hilarious uh
cuz I think there's at least five
Instagram moms out here right now
take a picture we're gonna come get ours
cuz Rachel's flying out isn't she reach
a little photo Rachel the photographer
net the sister yeah can you take a
picture mean from the big cactus cows to
it I think I haven't seen these cactus
before you getting a shot of them I'm a
little aspiring photographer do you
wanna be a photographer when you grow up
no I do you like taking photos here's
what it looks like Lucy Oh a nice butter
chicken sausage because my butter
chicken is my favorite at our favorite
Indian restaurant called oh my gosh
right I just read the name of it anyway
our favorite interview place in Logan I
always get the butter chicken
he found my sauce mix and you just like
add cream to it and you just clip the
chicken up so I cook the chicken and um
it's not the healthiest you cook the
chicken and butter and then you add this
entire like sauce season to pack it to
the chicken but that's currently kind of
it's supposed to be simmering not really
boiling I'm gonna turn it down a little
bit more this this burner right here
gets like super super hot the other ones
take forever to heat up but this one
gets like real hot so once that's done
something I'm gonna add the cream and
then I've cooked up some rice and it
should be done soon it still says it's
long white rice I don't know when it if
it beeps or something it beeps I usually
cook it on the stove but it's like oh we
heard the rice cooker in seems like it's
a rice cooker I was like yeah really
sure because I have rice cooking anyway
it looks really good it smells amazing
hopefully it tastes just as good and I'm
gonna add some you add heavy cream so
it's not the healthiest but Noah last
night said that he would sleep in his
own buddies got a dog so
so that happened you think dad if I had
a crypto to sleep with me I wouldn't be
the you could protect me from the bad
guys who really is terrified of the dark
you guys it's like so sad he now wants a
dog to protect him and sleep with him
hey it's I'm tempting because like sleep
in your own bed all night dog well
realistically he would end up in our bed
with the dog so yeah probably not gonna
happen
but tempting all right
finished product well let's some are
just a little bit more but I love the
sauce the most oh oh that's spicy
oh that's supposed to be spicy just mild
so dinner was really really good but
very spicy I'm gonna add more cream I
didn't know if I could get the rest
didn't call for it but I definitely have
just added it because PJ really wanted
to eat the chicken beverage bite sheet
or just like oh so spicy cause you kept
trying to eat it it was like it was too
spicy for me and I was like hurting my
tummy I like else but then I just like
one two I'm more cream to it so I did a
ton more cream say I want to have a guys
night tonight some peeps
some other people in the creative
atmosphere and I had a really good
Halloween costume idea but someone was
like can't keep it a secret you have to
tell me
so never doing a couple's which is not
what I wanted to do with couples so
today I wanted you to come up with it
this year but I just didn't want to I
didn't want to force you into doing I
feel like I always decided and then make
you this oh yeah he's just very creative
but I finally we find figured about I
think our idea is not that creative it's
not creative at all but it'll be funny
he'll be fun yeah I'm excited I'm
excited to I'm right hopefully we can
get it together I might have to swing by
a Halloween shop tomorrow morning to see
if they have our things yes one of the
things we were trying to buy it sold out
within the last second which means
everyone and their mother are gonna be
for Halloween but whatever yeah and the
kids this year I think we'll just let
them do their own things their own
really sad because it would be fun if
they were that what we were but it's
okay they're pretty excited to be what
they're gonna be they're very excited
it's me have fun we have fun the fun
starts on Saturday we have a
trunk-or-treat
party yeah church different parties and
a neighborhood party probably the same
day if not probably Monday or Tuesday
when Halloween is every single morning
though Noah wakes up and goes today's
Halloween mom
like today Halloween day say Halloween
today
no honey keeps the time TV or Internet
so excited he and Penelope loves the
decorations every time she sees the
decorations we have to go on five walks
a day to go through the decorations for
both the kids because there are
obsessive decorations but it's fun it
gets us out and it's it's an it's an
early fun now we're gonna move it
because we're tired and
we'll have I hope they have yours I hope
they have what I need to his door we'll
see Simo good night
