hey no act like you're sleeping it
because I did it go when you're acting
like you're sleeping ok act like you're
sleeping what different from last time
hmm yeah we doing in the boro the bed
got like a really bad job acting like
you're sleeping good morning sweet a
year ago all Noah did was sleep so this
was a lot easier but in a couple months
we'll be waking up in Noah Jenica and
myself will be going to vlogger fair
that theory and we can't wait to go
again it will be our second one you guys
we love blog refer that was our first
mention ever but it was going now
oh it's so much fun we loved it we love
meeting new guys so you want to see us
and hang up and two other people come
it's in Seattle it's August twenty
seconds it's gonna be a lot of fun is
right near the Space Needle I felt like
I got to know Seattle very well just by
being there and if you guys want to get
a discount on your tickets you can get
fifteen percent off by using sanika as
the code and that way you get there
cheaper and it's just going to get more
expensive and it sells out so better get
your tickets now put your ticket yes by
then he'll be sprinting around and it is
just going to be one crazy madhouse for
us he's gonna be crazy last year I
played Austin in basketball typically
good I know I know I've still
disappointed you I'm sorry hey will Blue
Dog be there I guess not it's so nice of
Chris and Diana to host vlogger fair
every year we're so grateful for them
and this is gonna be a lot of fun
there's me a ton of family vloggers if
you've seen a youtuber in one of our
blogs they'll probably be there guys get
your tickets were excited to meet you
were excited to hang out you went to
blogger for your last year we're excited
to see you again if you're going to
vlogger fair this year post in the
comments and let us know so that we can
get a heads up and that way we can try
and recognize you when we see you there
yeah and shout to live yeah we love you
chuckling we'll see you guys this is the
best alright guys we'll see you there
blogger fair
please also be posting a blog today you
live anywhere close to seattle area like
within a thousand miles that means you
people in new mexico mexico thousand
miles away you better be there too
