good afternoon everybody oh okay hi I'm
Kurt I'm saline and this is Jack's and
we are with Shane even Curt vlogs
welcome to Sam o'clock can you say peace
out up hello my little hunk hello my
little monk what's up YouTube them my
name is Fernanda and I'm from Brazil
aveda Ebola enjoyed today's luck Chad I
seriously can't get over how cute this
little onesie sweater thing is you have
oh it almost sound like you just said
hello you yesterday one notice of mama
it wasn't a fluke he said it today again
but mostly just says that when he's like
upset he was mama mama mama or when he
wants something from me like the remote
just like you just dad dad dad dad he
says dad more obviously and you know Sam
like he knows Sam's dad like he'll go
dad dad dad hasn't done that to me mama
I'm waiting for the day though I'm being
a good boy today he's just enjoying
bashing his play area I'm just a hunk
opinion i'm gonna bet either hugga hugga
burhan that out of that baby all right
now say mom mom officer are you saying
you know
hey mom signs on my hands but hey Dad
hey Dad
okay i know i have a moment myself um no
is napping and Sam is working so i
decided to run and get some errands done
um while the baby sleeps and kind of
just have them to myself you know
sometimes it's really hard to shop with
a baby because you know there's only so
long you know last so my first stop is
that my babes club where's oh wait nope
nope nope there we go my babes club
Sam's I'm Eric sam's club giving some
groceries and then I'm gonna take that
home and see if knows we can feasibly
then I'll take him with me to walmart i
was really ok i'm so pumped and so proud
of Katie and cullen they just did this
huge like month-long detox thing and
they look great and i thought they
looked great before there's some of your
friends and we just love them to death
but they looks so good and it made me
blind like oh dang i need to like get my
butt back in shape i was doing so well
before i moved me my cousin we're at the
gym every day seemed progress and i was
doing a lot better eating and a lot
better cooking i felt like after Noah
came I was in before no came I was like
you know I go like this through my
cooking this I try I really do sometimes
I just had them not a great cook mostly
because I don't always enjoy cooking you
know I'd rather put take up the food I'm
trying to get better at that and Sam
loves cooking and I want to start
enjoying it morphs I've talking to Katie
action on Twitter I was like what is
this thing you did and so she was
telling me about it so i went to
pinterest last night i was like Sam I'm
doing this I'm gonna get some new
recipes because I'm always like what do
I cook for dinner I don't know what to
cook that's why I don't cook I don't
know what to cook I have no excuse i
want to pinterest i found a couple new
recipes that i haven't tried let's see
what happens tonight I'm making chicken
avocado burritos but they look really
good and then I have a couple opens plan
for the week I know I'm unlike this
guy's you've been through this before
i'm like i'm cooking guys and
like I'm cooking again guys let's hope
this phase lasts a little longer this
time okay sam's club with a success I
mostly just love Sam's Club for their
produce um I actually saw his bag of
nectarines not like Halle all fruit is
my favorite like I love fruit and I love
nectarine so much so I got back I
nectarines look at this surprised Sam's
me so excited I got a box of mangoes and
they feel like really nice and ripe then
I got raspberries and blueberries and
tomatoes like it's an assortment of
different color tomatoes lettuce for
salad and I got my chicken for some of
the dishes I'm making because I'm making
so tonight I'm gonna make these chicken
avocado burritos and then another night
this week I'm going to make this chicken
it's like almost like parmesan but it's
not it's it's that it looks really good
and then I'm gonna make creamy tomato
spinach pasta but it's not like
unhealthy cream it's a healthy or cream
creamy pasta whatever help me keep going
guys help me help me get this done help
me make this a habit of cooking make
cooking a habit here's to get more
creative with food and now i'm gonna eat
one of these mingoes because they look
so good I stayed up incredibly late last
night working on sanika shirts and
everyone smile I'll get a wave of energy
and just motivation like I'm gonna get
it done last time I designed a shirt it
was of Noah writing a rooster holding si
Racha you guys thought it was a little
too much some of you guys liked it so
I'm working on something a little bit
more ordinary I guess a little bit more
basic I'm hoping to have it done by the
end of the weekend there are two shirts
that I own that I love the quality of
that are from things like YouTube and
that is the playlist live shirt and trap
tyler's so I found a bunch of different
colors just like this like these Heather
colors like tribe tyler's and I'm going
to try and get a bunch of those shirts
because I think Lily sweet so I'll keep
you guys updated if I have more than one
design I want to probably do a vote
we can choose which one we liked the
most I just want you guys have something
cool and not something crappy or
low-quality either way I'm excited
because if I could wear trap Tyler shirt
every single day and it would be
acceptable i would but then I would
stink and smell so at least I'll have a
sandwich assured kind of alternate with
two if there's one thing that my mom
really taught me um about cooking um it
was a clean up as you go so here we go I
have my avocado I did two avocados
because we love avocado and avocados up
here in Utah are so teeny tiny i'm about
to smear of it chicken with mustard
randomly I'm not changing myself right
now so this is a good sign guys good
here's my mixture of my chicken in there
my avocado my cheese it's all like
getting melted together so looks so
delicious how you liking those tomatoes
are eating um he likes it he's probably
getting himself all dirty he's your son
yeah a veggie fruity type of kid veggie
a pretty kid pretty good he's my son
okay how sexy kaif it don't quit let's
go do you like it I think so it's like
mmm what should I go for first oh you're
gonna share some with me thinks is
really good well ma'am I think this is a
success I'm enjoying it um yeah really
good they're yummy yeah so good oh
you're dead you want some you peasant JK
it's for me yeah it's so good i'm not
even like dropping any of it i have some
oh no aah i didn't get any I just got
baby spit disgusting what you're teasing
me last process frying the edges a
little bit with some oil that's probably
the only unhealthy part about this meal
is frying it
that ready yeah Sam liked it success
here we take this okay good Wow amazing
good work 10 Wow yeah but and he looks
pretty close to the picture picture my
burrito they're good yeah a success
success
I'm tired the house is clean the kitchen
is clean toys put away Noah's in bed Sam
some basketball so I'm just going to sit
here on the couch and watch some acting
kids counting also my friend just texted
me and so that they're going to a movie
tonight hopefully Sam's home in time so
i can go cuz I movie lacoste like five
bucks Jen's having a little girls night
well it's a lake girls night she left
pretty late to go see a movie I played
some ball tonight I didn't wear my
jersey in Game one in the blackhawks
loss I thought we played really well
better than we played tonight and we
still lost this is about to go to double
OT hoping this bring some luck and this
mango is delicious going to triple
overtime it's been a crazy game the
goaltender's have been phenomenal the
longer this goes the board nervous I get
this is a big game for the series I mean
even if the hawks lose they could win
the next two at home but I think it
carries a ton of momentum triple
overtime the longest game in Black Hawks
history oh wow that's a good one to win
honestly that indeed flip of the coin
either team had so many chances triple
overtime almost two full games and that
my brother calling you yeah I'm not
gonna save me hey we won and this jersey
continues to bring good luck game 3 is
gonna be great if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you're that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood act
like you're sleeping me because I did
ago we were acting like receiving ok act
like you're sleeping
