saludos de Veracruz Mexico via Houston
Texas and welcome to semuc blogs good
morning guys ready for like a half an
hour big tree life I'm a mom we're
currently eating breakfast now some
yogurt and I just picked up some oatmeal
hi Noah
here what's more you can't stick your
fingers in a yogurt okay touch the
little spot of yo girl Malaysian okay
good morning sweet world I'm trying
something new today I want to call it
like the Netflix of cooking I have a
cooking pitch so I'm on salted TV right
now and they have like everything you
can learn pretty much everything on
there from common kitchen knives skills
let's see what else I was looking at
earlier like how to cook pasta perfectly
every time how to steam these are just
like the basic skills that you can learn
which is awesome how to fry food
caramelized onions then you up to brows
you got skills recipes chef's what's new
chefs they have like something like
seventy five professional chefs here to
teach you the cool part two is the chefs
are from everywhere I was watching a
video and they're from places that I've
eaten that in New York I want to cook up
a fun lunch that Noah and Janica will
enjoy today so I'm looking up their
courses Fried Chicken masterclass the
ultimate salad course cooking for date
night hmm
game day food staples pretty much all
these appealed to me so far I love me
some Thanksgiving classics but today I'm
gonna do the grilled cheese masterclass
and make them the best grilled cheese
sandwich they've ever had in their lives
I'm looking at this right now Oh looks
amazing what is that chicken bacon well
I thought we're just doing like straight
cheese though this looks
good I'm launching this course okay
all right the secret now is that you use
mayonnaise with butter because then it
won't burn and you can put more
ingredients and it will make your taste
alright so it's pretty cool just watch
this first video it shows my progress
there's like other more elaborate
grilled cheeses I can make and then you
can go back and look at the steps if you
miss something you could just like click
on it I'll bring you back to that point
in the video
oh my goodness you're feeling it this
morning you're feeling some type of way
break dude over there I can see your
body oh you like your people back here
from an ad movie Oh buddy guess he just
won't stop you just won't stop dancing
Oh whenever I do these cooking things I
always learn something new that's what I
love about this I'm using a little bit
of mayonnaise and butter
difference-maker
I know grilled cheese might be easy to
you but just having no little change
bring it to the next level no I'm not
realizing I should have tried to use the
Syrah to Mayo instead of doing just
cheese I added a little bit of Turkey to
yeah I'm excited to try this new style
that I got and watching that video baby
and agrees it's gonna be delicious just
a thingy
salmon a very singsong you dancing mood
today the one thing I miss here and I
was like a big cast iron to put on top
of it I'm gonna need one of those for
next time maybe I should just put this
guy on top of it best grilled cheese
really yeah it's really good I made you
into I'm very excited to try it so this
is a really fun way to learn to cook
they have everything from grilled cheese
to your Thanksgiving favorites if you
guys want to try out salted TV I think
they usually just give you one month for
free but by clicking on the link and
using sanika you get three months Jen
and I were talking the other night
because we've been trying to cook more
it's so easy to just go out and get food
all the time and then you get fall into
that habit I'm gonna be using this to
learn to cook better and it's fun
there's a difference between having a
recipe and then also having a video to
go side by side along with it it's like
being in your own personal cooking class
so you guys can go try it out three
months free sanika let me know what you
guys are cooking I look like a dad right
now hold on
now I really look like a dad you are
done it's raining again surprised and
I'm really excited because well it's
been a while since I've gotten some
Jordans and there's a pair that's
releasing this weekend but I really
really want so we're gonna go put my
name in the raffle and Jen's name a
raffle and know his name in the raffle I
think my name was in the rap well why
not
doubles my chances I bet they only have
one pair in my size so let's do it
let's go buy me lots and lots of shoes
oh hi Noah someday you'll appreciate
everything on this wall no you think
these are hideous
no these are cool I like some of these
some of them oh those are the lifestyle
ones all right my name's in the drying I
think on Wednesday I'll find out if I
win and I live here oh you guys know now
we just drove up to the fun park which
is a place that I haven't been in in
years and I'm gonna see if they have the
crane game here because I wrote down all
the crane game money that we just got in
the mail and I'm a trying when you got
some stuff hopefully we're lucky I know
these things are slightly rigged people
always talk about that like Charles
Trippy worked for a company that did
them or something I'm not sure but
hopefully we have good luck today do you
want to play
well it doesn't look like they have to
take me so I have to go to Walmart or
somewhere else look at this first crane
game we stumble upon it's turned off the
hunt continues success this is always a
good sign to Chicago Cubs alright I'll
give this one a couple plays we'll see
how it goes if I'm not feeling it then
we go somewhere else maybe but just see
how this goes first on the list
she'll be $1 let's get it that's Clayton
Kershaw over here
yes sir yes yes help help help
what was that what was that wizardry
you're for real that's witch a witch did
that to you now it was garbage Oh get it
Tommy tries to get this ones that she
gave $1 okay
you need to call someone Desiree I'm
sorry I just gave you 50 cents so so my
predicament golfers life
I'll get 54 cents okay Katrina one
dollar another go she got it
no got him got it sue all right he's in
a better position now for energy
Oh
Oh step well $1
so turn up turn up
yes yeah yes
do alien oh jeez what is this is it for
this Rancic reason
yeah
this right here cursed us all I am on a
bad streak people a losing streak that
stupid Wild Thing whatever the heck that
was cursed me and now I'm gonna rest for
a little bit stretch my fingers out
watch some crane game YouTube videos and
then give it another crack somewhere
else all right round two
where's that garbage the places of all
places their crane games and I'm feeling
not like myself today you got this one
this one oh wow this was a huge so
there's a prize in every Cup
this one's lights is off so I mean that
was pretty weak and then this one where
you can like open closed their things
now Alexis we're going banger we're
going home
one dollar that hand which one the green
the dunk I think in this isn't John Cena
handy that's way too hard
there's a wild card $0.50 I can't
remember who it was from I need to go
back watch the vlog so this is yours
take your time relaxed cake cake cake
cake oh my god and cry what's one of
these big hands I swear this is John
Cena John Cena I think that you can't
see me I don't even know what this one
is this is what we've been waiting for
straight witchcraft we had it and then
it didn't know I'm gonna give up until
next time I need to hit up the gym the
crane gym but what are you laughing at
where's dad dad I heard him laughing
where's dad
where's dad a new box hey it's fun to
crawl in hey little finger hi
over here he's trying to pick up all the
like all this plastic oh you finally got
it all and he's like transporting it but
it's hard to grab the other plastic when
you already have plastic in your hands
here there you go you got it all right
go for it go deliver it to
three-touchdown hands up hands up are
you seeing mom everything what do you
think are you booing he's calling the
boxes mom you're not calling me mom he's
playing the boxes mom oh my gosh Sam's
obsessed with this cork
he came crawling over to me and stood up
on my oh my gosh you almost look like
you're 600 pounds we just watched The
Bachelorette it was kind of silly I'm
female
Jenica Jenica also I've a hundred mile
bike race in less than two months so I'm
gonna go write on a stationary bike the
best part about riding a bike instead of
running though is that I can watch vlogs
and other videos while I'm biking
to work if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood just let it cook ten
miles had a twenty mile per hour pace my
legs are feeling that body's feeling it
I definitely need to train for this
thing because I got to do that times ten
with everything else that comes along
with it
