good sweet world my name is hold coming
to you from Ames Iowa and you are
watching samick vlogs good morning sweet
world my name is Lauren from Scotland
and you're watching sanika folks oh now
look here those make your head look
ginormous and superscript Fingal go get
dad come on guys we're finally doing a
very delayed I'm very high like to spray
the video we're gonna do a little mail
vlog for ya we are so behind and we
apologize the move was just kind of
crazy and hectic move just trying to
settle and so we're finally getting to
open your mail really excited my cheeks
up Betty you would all see I look like
philly d from jersey shore that's not
how he talks guys I'm growing my hair
out it had a very awkward length it's
ignoring and we put our vlogging camera
on a track treadmill treadmill we do so
that red milling I can do some no hands
let's open up the mail it's mail time
melton mace oh oh
way over to its kind of inexcusable when
we moved we put all the mail in a
package and now we're just about impact
so let's open up goodness gracious Emily
are you gonna do there girl it's a
pumpkin carving knife oh look mom Emily
sent you cookies mini maple cookies
which we love which we awesome for the
guy big maple cookies which relied for
the first time at vloggerfair yes and 0
let's play basketball Emily you're
saying here well that's been a stop girl
he gonna look stylish and this thanks
Emily we can't wait to see you this
summer it's the summer yeah as in like a
couple months do you shoot like at
blogher bearson what yeah you like mr.
Potato Head oh yeah cool kid in the box
cookie's in the box no I oh oh oh my
gosh that's good that's in there with
you this package is from Katrina it was
sent a long time ago and I feel terrible
right now but I'm very excited to eat
these zesty jalapeno chips and you sent
me choc Carbineers but they're like a
non imposing kind Thank You Katrina and
Oh a gift card and a crane game dollar
my
okay I need to make a stack probably
more courteous oh my we're gonna Katrina
Katrina good luck with school we're
excited for you my your compliments were
just which I needed to hear Everett just
was complaining about my hair thank you
these hey cutie steppin in the park
booster tip out the park this is from
jessica who i went to high school and
we're insane seminary class together
great now lives in houston jessica this
package is way too nice how many times
can we say way too nice and one blog
what we just ate way too many times look
no give me Charlie Brown's head oh my
gosh okay there's some little pain girls
are better at shopping to Noah than I
end oh oh yes i still have not gotten
this back Oh double si Racha Heinz
ketchup chocolate brownie cookies says
it's the best almonds ever toasted
coconut whoa about that mixture oh those
are great almost 0
wow thank you so much Jessica hate
trying to lean down now I'm going the
wrong way oh yeah and she got stuck wish
right and enjoyed the nice weather
because it's been so poopy out lately
and this kid sure had a good time huh
both all the big kids look he likes you
know big guys yeah he does he thinks
he's bigger than you this is from Castro
vlogs to open this box first name is box
there's something you've been looking
for si racha ketchup oh man I think
Tim's gonna be go oh it's my job oh my
god great oh my gosh stop on C rations
gotcha gotcha gotcha you got spunk so
sorry don't you catch up anywhere auto
but I did find it on amazon.com turn
over
I've been wanting more oh you guys I've
been wanting to get any more books
because i just read the same ones over
and over and usually dr. Seuss on
schedules are my favorite and look at
these ones i have not even read look how
cute they are cool guys oh my goodness
Thank You Castro blogs to gift cards
when the Barnes & Noble and when they
look for a while lives I think I have a
date night seriously we're going on a
date night and it's gonna be because of
you guys seriously we don't go on going
to go to barnes & noble we're gonna get
buffalo wild wings we're gonna go to
thank you target r you everything about
the real feelings is traffic oh my gosh
this from Shelby in Modesto California
ok u badan hot chocolate hot chocolate
some hot chocolate cookie money ok so
Toby let me make sure I save this week
yes I wish I could try your vanilla
cupcake they found amazing made her
family's cupcakes this was made by Malia
and this is Lisa Bella Isabella I want
to say ISA Bella Isabella and they made
this their sisters and they're very cool
sisters and their letters nice thank you
so much guys Oh Gert come on think it's
done buses on let's work this is fun
let's walk this is fun once better came
on put sunglasses on sunglasses on why
did like mr. Potato Head I feel like mr.
Potato Head I feel like I gonna mr.
Potato Head I feel like mr. Potato Head
Oh
oh my gosh a little funny how you know
they say Noah green eggs and ham because
you're like this is like a 50 degree
make him sign the real book about sports
cool guys these are a bunch of magic
cards oh I think that I was gonna be
really jealous the gens brother was
really into magic and then lost interest
and so she gave him he gave them all to
her to give to Sam the Guerrero brothers
it's gone thanks Jen huh Tess you guys
I'm wearing a gift test shut some
clothes for Noah but most importantly I
la si Racha khana to try this letter and
your mom is so sweet too I feel like mr.
Potato Head just look at those chunky
stars
luck is from caitlin miller in north
dakota cute oh my gosh what whole cup
pinhole lens for canon DSLR camera what
are you freaking serious oh that's gonna
be so fun this seriously look to attain
that is so cool she that she graduated
in photography at 12 Abby and George
eyes look got some joke saying that
she's here giving me like 10 bucks cuz
my claw game has been off she made me a
camera strap so this like goes over my
camera strap is so cute Abby I hope your
trusty racha by now I'm putting your
claw money there we need to have a cloth
field trip thank you so much this is
pretty sweet too oh now look here that
was make your head look ginormous and
superscript angle it's a good from but
is that a name oh my god gotcha to go
Bob you guys don't know how many people
have tweeted that oh my goodness oh my
gosh who's the piccolo I feel like we've
been working as a team tonight and I
have a whole new bottle of sriracha
which I can put in this little bottle
and then put this on push a check with
this on my keys engineers are in
seriously show that side I don't know
who this is from but whoever sent this
thank you and I cannot wait oh my that's
hilarious Oh see rush to go anyone show
Meyers going continuing with the theme
that sends me to see racha hot chili
sauce pancakes muchas gracias very cool
car binky card they paint themselves a
car car
yeah looks like it's painted and the
handwriting is like perfect oh my gosh
it should be a funny yes it's so cute
i'm thinking like my cry look at this
look at it cute wolf all day Emily you
have amazing handwriting seem like an
amazing person they were made a drawing
seriously and thank you for this thank
you so much my baby's not a baby anymore
might as well this is from Nicole 1000
yes latah here to do this what is it
habanero ketchup habanero original
habanero pepper sauce bold and spicy no
thanks I won't be trying that hmm try it
right now Noah's a baby spoon oh okay
well I mean usually you don't just like
Oh
it's got some kick to it is it really it
does it's not like Oh get me a good so
what look you want eat some french fries
with it oh yeah that's cool thank you so
much i can't wait Wow haha I'm set for
the summer he's stuffing his face Noah
loves this chicken oh my gosh he just
had the bigot licking stuff his face ah
we have a large stack of letters so
we're gonna read right now and that
would take us a very long time to read
all of them here's a little bit about
each letter Jamie thank you for the
third eight pages about Roseann and that
it's an all IMDB page and that she was
born in Salt Lake City sweet and look at
keep looking little picture nathan is
Stan bold turkey dude fridge thanks for
considering me like family are least
helping out during the Christmas evening
that's awesome Steve Pope Steven Brenda
I know steve is Steve I think you
submitted a welcome to the blog I'll
have to put that right here good morning
sweet world i am steve from torrington
and you are watching the Semak applause
please enjoy what please enjoy this
little gift
you guys seriously chipotle thanks
Steven Brenda Amelia from Berlin we're
putting that we're putting that magnet
on the fridge you wanted us to say hi to
you on the blog and love magnet good job
a good time putin da bruises hello in
English shootin da Germany that would be
cool okay seriously you guys you guys
there's a cool magnet for our fridge
where you're from very cool so full
fridge Megan's really from where I feel
that RL gearbox is still open um we need
to go up and check it again because we
checked your right when we left hanging
on the fridge we're going to put down
the fridge right now he's still like a
huge fan of me all the time but I wanted
to test this and see if he liked it and
he likes it it's just chicken and salsa
this is Mary Katie thanks for the knife
fighter everything about this is very
humbling so thank you thanks Hannah
there's another postcard from Istanbul
Istanbul and Nathan this is amazing
Mackenzie this letter was first off
congratulations to your Blue Devils for
winning the national championship and
beating my Spartans it was really
interesting to learn about you and I
feel like you're doing everything right
in your life right now and that's why
you're receiving so many blessings so
like you said in the letter keep on
keepin on I hope you're going to
Australia it says you got accepted for
summer programs hopefully that goes well
thank you so much too great and Lauren
buddies awesome drawings thanks guys
Samantha great letter and also great art
I know you had to fold it but it's still
really sweet thank you so much mari I'm
a look at this a look at what you do
she's like I just want to do something
nice Oh
it bears with 100 numbers are and what
their position using Alexis crane game
taping this this is something else from
t Myers that's them Christmas 2014 oh my
gosh love it I don't even happen but
it's seven nope I should just go to bed
go to bed thanks Emily we got your
letter and your cute little John look at
that let's see that Dad right job
desirae you're already my favorite
because he made this for Jen which are
my favorite sport team going on right
now it's anklet and there's fifty cents
for the crane game no uh okay last
letter amazing and writing Stephanie
Lowe I think it's amazing that you're
studying sports management that's
something that I would have loved to
study four quarters cream game stephanie
has two black belts pick up buns between
kick your butt yeah she definitely and
definitely know it hopefully I will win
I'm officially ready for anything I've
really easy to walk around like that
with that shirt and that thing hooked
you guys don't worry I'm equipped we
have loved having you guys do the intros
for the vog oh my gosh we've loved
reading your letters I was dying today
oh yeah you look the chance from I was
dying sanika and we're very grateful
have you guys around you guys don't know
how much you guys have helped us over
the past couple months and year
especially when Noah was born up into
this point we got date night planned out
it's absolutely unbelievable so thank
you guys for being so generous too much
too much too much feel like I feel
uncomfortable like because it's just so
generous of people and I I'm already a
bad
eyes we're hard-pressed to receive gifts
from each other I feel / well thank you
so thanks guys thanks for being there
for us and I think tomorrow what I'll do
is take that money I'm gonna make a list
of everyone put their name on it and we
will play the current game see how it
goes just let know what let Noah do 1
i'll let them do 1 i'll see you guys
then thank you good really appreciate
you if you choose soon I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood
