my family has flaws
Oh last week including Mexico
bienvenidos looks the same Iike Sam
dally
hey buddy I can't hug you you are good
morning sweet world
I just watched that see ratchet
documentary that I think a lot of you
guys have seen it's on Amazon Prime for
free right now so the only good thing to
do right now at 6:00 in the morning it's
what Noah what do we do we got to eat
some see Roger I am gonna cook up some
eggs I need some see Roger you know when
you're watching a documentary or a movie
or something and it makes you super
hungry for something that's what that
just did good morning
not sweet world because it is a rainy
world today still it's still raining I
feel like it's been like a week or
something are you playing with your
little trike do you like it I think so I
think he can push and walk with I think
he likes he's it more like a walker
currently but you know whatever
nope there he goes what are so bad and
so I'm like sprinkling it's still just
like it's like wet outside it's like all
wet you're okay no just like climbed up
on the couch by himself I'm like how did
you just do that I don't know if he
strategically placed that bucket there
or Sam or it was by accident but he just
used that to come up on the couch oh
gosh and Sam said he started doing this
this morning getting up on here he just
wants to go up on that windowsill so bad
look at him look at him get up there oh
my gosh so this has become a thing
oh hello hi
here's that there you just gonna leave
us goodbye
alright it's golden rainy yeah yeah cool
are you proud of yourself how long like
a wolf another rainy day I'm starting to
think we move to Washington State this
much I know my favorite time for rain is
at night right
like when you're inside you can hear it
on the roof windows maybe a little bit
of lightning and thunder yeah but thank
you should we go do our laundry day just
for fun
that's where cookies and sweets all
started yeah
we just don't need cookies or sweets we
just don't buy cookies or sweet you
might have to get a couple of these Jen
this is what we use for the rain here's
how we get past it let's get matching
matching rain suits as soon as it warms
up buddy we're gonna put you in this
thing
huh the funniest thing just happened we
were cooking dinner and snow was
starting to save mom mom mom and Jen's
like oh my gosh he's doing it he's
saying mom and then I say she said come
on see mommy goes you know a gray whale
wolf that's what you are no water until
I got hung out like am I
that's you one more remembers your teeth
your mission yeah you do
okay let me see does anything we're
doing he's got a little teeth so we
should start getting used to it yeah one
more time you think you prefer to this
chew on it but okay get those top teeth
coming you're not we kind of had a small
dinner tonight so I'm making myself a
sandwich right now and I just noticed
something whenever there's something
that says for example you this hot
habanero
cheese there's four peppers there extra
hot I bought this today for our meal
tomorrow thinking that it would be hot
and I try some of it let's it barely
tastes spicy to me I'm also gonna put
some of these hot and spicy pickles on I
put sriracha mayo on my sandwich there's
a bunch of like spicy things but I've
noticed to the general public
you know brands like Kraft they'll say
it's hot and it's really not I like
going to Wendy isn't getting their
habanero or jalapeno spicy chicken it's
kind of spicy but it's not like hot it's
not like oh man I need a drink
so just interesting how things are
marketed because maybe just some people
it would be hot but I don't even notice
the spy sometimes then again I have been
known to drink si Racha no really but
I've noticed that when you go to places
that maybe aren't like McDonald's a
restaurant that is unique its own self
it doesn't exist anywhere else and they
say something's hot it usually is hot
but in a normal store just like in the
general public if it's as hot
it's 3:00 a.m. and I wanna go to bed I'm
cleaning up my room instead I mean my
life organized I've checked a ton of
things off of my to-do list but I'm
still I still a lot going on it's kind
of messy there's all my hard drives a
phone I need to sell cameras I need to
sell I'm transferring a ton of files off
of my phone right now and I just watched
tried Tyler's first EU video look it
list of the producers Sam Anderson
Jenica Anderson if his videos are
anything like the first video this EU
trip is gonna be insane that video was
so good two years ago I went on a road
trip of my sister wasn't quite a trip
through Europe but we try to do a
similar style of video with music clips
this has reminded me of that except on a
much larger scale because he's in Europe
he just landed in Iceland it's freakin
sweet tonight I also booked our flight
for New York we're gonna go there in
July we'll be there for Jenna's birthday
I'll be our second time in New York on
Denikin's birthday I'm super excited my
sister who vlogs glass Posse they just
built a house in upstate New York so
we're gonna go visit and stay with them
my mom and dad are gonna go
my sister Lindsay and her family it will
be a good time and also the Cubs are
playing when we're in New York so I'm
gonna go the game I kind of tweeted
about all the different places ring me
going this summer and some people said
that they want to do meetups so we'll
have to figure out the timeframe for
that we may not be in New York City that
long but I'm gonna see if there's a time
saw that we can put together so if
anyone's in New York we can meet up I
just cleared all the photos off my phone
and for some reason this is the only one
that's left Barack Obama has subscribed
to you on YouTube this is always the
scariest part here we go hey guys hey I
just wanted to say could you uh stop
favoriting and tweeting it's 3:00 a.m.
over here I'm about to go to bed no I'm
sure I'm trying to clean up I'm almost
done
check this out oh my gosh dude you must
be freaking out what time is it there I
just watched episode one I'm happy to be
officially on the cast slash producers
dude that is sweet hold on let me put my
camera down sorry boy that's all you get
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
boom what do you think of that it's kind
of a weird thing I like the texture
