that's a Danny Fernandez Aminta rain
earlier feminism commodities Africa
espero canoes frozen hamburger very good
morning sweet world
my name is Amanda this is Gisele and
you're watching say Michael Boggs
good morning sweet world it is a rainy
sweet world day it's very rainy which is
cool because well although we have to
stay inside it doesn't rain here that
often so getting these little storms is
kind of fun and good for the earth it's
also a lot more green these days the
mountains actually look green
Noah's spilling his raisins all over the
carpet and we just got another blue
apron box this week we've been cooking a
lot at home it's been a lot of fun the
hardest part is always trying to plan
what we're gonna eat well right now I'm
about to find out what we're gonna cook
up this week we're gonna have two meals
in there let's see what they are the
first one turkey meatball sliders with
red leaf lettuce and cucumber salad and
glee steaks whoo roasted carrots again
and garlic ginger rice that looks
delicious
we went on the website and kind of
marked the things that we liked Jen's
like not the biggest seafood fan so we
didn't mark that so then they send you
things that are kind of according to
your taste which is awesome yes and then
they sent it to you in this night cold
we've got all our fresh ingredients
measured out and then you got your meats
steak for me and Jen and then that must
be the turkey for the turkey meatballs
yo chef Noah you ready to cook all right
get the pans out get the pans out no
that's not where the pans are you know
they're not in there no that's not where
they are oh my god so we're gonna cook
tonight I'm not sure if we're gonna do
the steaks or the turkey sliders and
what are you feeling bull fighting we
also have a special deal if you can get
your first two meals for free the first
50 people to click on the link get that
two meals of your forever free and you
guys it's really a
try try this delicious I really like
with it
it feels like we turn our home into a
little cafe sanika and it's delicious so
we're gonna cook up later and let's show
you I find the result no this is my
sandwich don't come find my sandwich we
want damage okay you already ate your
food feed me Mom Oh dad's in the kitchen
wait maybe dad will feed me
dad's in the kitchen now dad feed me
what's kids Hey you're in jail mister
stay in there that's your timeout box we
can't actually that's way too fun of a
timeout for him you enjoy timeout well
too much of that no you're gonna eat
your face on that don't do it don't do
it okay
Oh oh gosh oh gosh oh gosh we watch this
sweetie play it in slow-mo whatever
happens
you're gonna flip under that he's
actually quite graceful he's getting the
hang of it
look at you Noah
look at you you out of that box what
good job buddy
I guess if you can get the box don't
need to be in jail you know walk your
little trike 2,000 years later you're
just gonna lean so freaking big
you're such a big boy he's so cute he
wants his mommy he wants his mommy
look at that hair is there something so
long oh come on mom come on come on come
on come in Noah you just woke up from a
nap teeth are coming in oh I think I'm
ready
today's been like a chores day I've been
doing laundry all day I vacuum the
upstairs for the first time since we
moved in she was kind of gross
so me and Noah are sharing an Italian
ice actually out right now cloudy and
gloomy but we had to get out of the
house so we're going for a little walk a
little hood baby well I should hide to
everybody
say I'm going for a walk and I'm so much
happier out here except for he's
probably gonna get mad when he realizes
we're just walking and not going to the
park
sometimes the clouds get really low and
they hover over the mountains like that
and I think that would be the perfect
opportunity to yes fly my copter through
it and also lose it no I'd be really
cool too and I think up there and fly
through when I have the chance beyond
right Matt for a little outing and to
get a new trashcan because our still lid
just flies off and there was a little
troublemaker and he tries to get in so
we need one that like just stays down so
that he'll learn how to hit the sensor
or whatever there is I don't know but we
need a new one cause it's gross wait
what'd you find
oh no I'm nervous
no it wasn't me man
as your mom oh you're such a pretty
princess love you some crazy rat to
figure that out
they're way too expensive Bed Bath &
Beyond so we're checking out Walmart now
hopefully we'll find a cheaper one right
little man and inside your scan number
one there's popcorn chicken so we
decided on none of the trash cans
because well I'll let Noah tell you why
why did we decide on oh the trash cans
exactly they just didn't seem that nice
and they were kind of expensive so I'm
gonna try and find something better on
Amazon for probably hopefully cheaper
than what they are there now to make
dinner that's what it's gonna look like
I just put the carrots in the oven I'm
chopping up some garlic and ginger it
smells delicious meanwhile we got some
cuteness happening but your leg leg down
buddy I know I'm working on dinner Noah
I have almost all my ingredients cut and
prepared fun is about to begin
I need to recommend a few skills though
I mean to watch them you gotta go like
this right it's like a I just need to
become a better cook whatever you enjoy
seems like this it's easy the one that
give you like step by step and like
everything you need it's awesome okay
this is happening alive right now guys
I'm trying to decide what picture to
post an Instagram
I'm debate debating between this one no
one this one or this one but by the time
you see this little already be posted
he's so cute and both of them I can't
handle his cuteness sometimes I can't
leave he's my kid but then he's a
monster I'm like oh yeah you're right
kid what are you doing are you trying to
like balance on there you're gonna fall
and hit yourself homie
how did you get yourself in this
position oh my it's like a jungle gym
for him on these stools except for he's
getting too tall and keeps doing his
head now Bobby you don't fit under there
silly boy you're funny this is real
cooking baby I feel like I'm a master
chef and the smells delicious
carrots are done rice is currently
cooking just add the steaks
give me a great meal should I make a
pattern on the plate yeah from dots and
swirls and I usually love this there
because all the ingredients
are measured out and also I'm always
afraid to buy cool like new things I
might be normal to people that cook a
lot like the ginger they just gave it to
me already ready to go
I know tada completed me a little baby I
think it looks pretty good I gotta look
at the picture I need to work on my
presentation but still it looks
delicious smells delicious this is our
second video that we have ever done
talking about blue apron delicious meals
it helps me learn how to cook I feel
like a chef it tastes delicious I like
doing it though it's kind of like a
puzzle to me so if you guys want to try
a blue apron like I said before the
first 50 people to click on the link
will get two free meals off of their
order and that's pretty cool so you guys
can at least give it a try I'm not gonna
lie guys it tastes awesome I've been
taking little samples I cut that steak
already because I had to try it and I've
been kind of eating everything sorry
every time I do one of these recipes I
learned something new about cooking and
this time we put cornstarch on the steak
before we cooked it some BS probably
maybe already do that but I had never
done that and I think it helped kind of
build a crust and also attract the
flavors in but like do you about house
another day in the books we've almost
done 500 blocks that's crazy I hope you
guys had fun watching today's vlog and
we will see you tomorrow
tomorrow what about the camera hey give
the camera high five high five the
camera
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you got understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood
