good morning sweet world happy for
comment so semi collection igloo cells
doors and phone Johanna come on a sweet
world my name is oshkosh from Woodbridge
Virginia welcome to sams Lux the
birthday hey good game dick game day
game good game good game grey shirts on
this gu yeah Tyler out there probably on
an airplane right now yeah they're at
the airport already okay we're having
turkey no but turkey bacon cheese
sandwiches with some matches hot chips
SI hasta Mia yeah these are like perfect
crispy your time I like crispy bacon
crispy was time to take the nerd bird
out for its first road trip love how
these fit in like super nicely just
would let's go nerd bird
alright we just started our hike it was
raining about 15 minutes ago trails
pretty dry we'll see if we can take the
nerd bird out maybe get some cool shots
today it's arty beautiful we live in a
beautiful place but this is both of our
first time ever doing this hike and it's
one of the i guess most famous hikes
here in logan so we'll see how it goes
about halfway up I'd say it's really
green because it's been raining a lot
normally this would be green but also
kind of brown very earthly tones even
got a little snow I'm there's someone
snowboarding up there I'm not this video
does it justice I think the wind cave
isn't this one so that's where you going
let's go tell metell
Oh
beautiful
we made it we made it we're on top of
the wind cave right now we'll hike down
you can actually like it down in there
let's see right here there's the Winkie
to my like this baby right here it's
beautiful how is this more with less
water went straight wind someone out
there shaking their head like oh my gosh
these guys are idiots someone needs to
tell me how this was formed like water
forms most of these but they call it the
wind cave so
two years
Oh
compared
so
I'm gonna lie that kind of got my
adrenaline going a little bit I was just
worried about crashing it a little windy
up here or windy they can probably
notice this is way high the road is down
there just flying this baby around on a
beautiful thursday afternoon 6060 feet
6060 feet loves above sea level 11
Logan's probably what 45 on her feet
yeah I know it's pretty up here next
time i'm here i'm going to start the
drone here fly down through and out
there into this just gonna take that
risk this time just can't take that risk
how perfect is this it's so cute he is
going to be obsessed with this this
that's the goal right don't look there's
just a little storage thing he'll have
fun putting stuff in and we'll see these
little petals pop out when he gets
bigger hopefully he likes it keep your
fingers crossed guys look it's a same
school you push yourself pissed yourself
like this how we gonna do this okay it's
probably hard on the carpet yeah what
like what if we put it on the hardest
thing oh yeah you trying to peddle he's
too advanced for this you're all use it
instead
he likes the idea of it yeah ready Thank
You cantina good feet I think the hike
went well the footage was pretty cool
and just watched some of it one thing
that I didn't realize is that all my
flight so far I've had the copter in the
air aiming down at me but in this case
we were at a higher level at times than
the nerd bird so the camera sometimes
was almost like tilted more down and so
I need actually let me show you this
right here controls the gimbal so if I'm
aiming it down I go like that if I want
aim it up you know like that I almost
wanted you to hike over again and I'm
sure we're going again and going
somewhere hikes but I need to have the
gimbal facing more up and then I can get
all of the view then maybe you're not
insane but are you okay buddy did a time
we'll cook it up some food having some
company over and we're gonna watch Game
six of bulls cat hopefully the Bulls win
a series is just about over but hey
anything can happen always a fan and
I'll always be rootin going ham we have
baby friends best friends ever and
that's first of the butler's honey and
it's worth the price Atwoods wrench this
is not I don't know I don't know I hate
ranch all forms of ranch except for cafe
rio green ranch Oh something going on
two guys we are going crazy these are
all real reactions to looks like real
life well you might tell me they're
going crazy maybe they're going crazy
and that's so funny dance made it did
yeah but the Bulls lost so now it's time
to put all my energy towards the
Blackhawks and cups the hike was a lot
of fun flying the quadcopter around was
sweet I'm getting a little more
adventurous with it I feeling a little
bit more comfortable and so far so good
no hopes you guys had fun hope you guys
had fun watching this and they had a
wonderful day we'll see you guys
tomorrow can reach if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
you
