hello my name is Ivan Santi Liam and for
Michael or buenos Diaz at mon-sol mundo
enjoyed his blog
kamusta that's the garlic for hi I'm
Julie and I'm from the Philippines and
you're watching the Seneca vlogs
what
it's another birthday it's nice out and
we're cooped up so go into the pot and
he's just so cute we come to the park it
all he wants to do is push the stroller
it's like a really nice day though it's
really not like hot nice little breeze
perfect park weather because I'm always
worried about his head getting sunburned
aney will not keep a hat on look at him
what are you doing Noah where are you
going
should I have brought your Walker
goodness yeah Sam had Gandhian mail and
said that there are some of it our
neighbor neighborhood kids like guys you
know likes to play with here but I think
everyone to eat lunch and we just
finished lunch so only us here at the
park but that's ok he's not even going
to the park he's just pushing the
stroller around and probably wants to
pick up trash and the aerated grass
pellets he's making a little circle
around having fun yeah whatever
entertains him I'm finding this whatever
will entertain him go Bobby go he has
never done this before what what are you
doing crazy what are you doing that's
not safe all he wants to do is push the
bang strong like well will you just do
that by our house we're not to be in the
park he will literally cry if I stop if
I put the brake down and don't let me
push it babies are so funny
mm cracks me up okay so today we are
working on a picture that is going to be
included in a booklet that will go to
every single person at VidCon the funny
part is were kind of doing a silly
picture and like 25,000 people will see
this if they look at the booklet so
there's a little bit of preparation
that's going to go into this I can't
show you the entire picture because I
want it to be a surprise in two months
but I think it's gonna be pretty funny
don't you think it's a good idea that
when we came up with it incorporates all
three of us me Jen and Noah so hopefully
it all comes together
I needed a darkroom mustache for this
though you're the meed but he wants no
you told me no I had to tell you Oh
guess who's coming over to play no
that's not who's coming over guess who's
coming over for reals that's close you
and Shelby are coming over and I think
my other friend is texting me and we're
really excited to see them hi hi Bernie
little angel baby no angel baby oh did
you want to say hi I see hi well he was
here and this little monster baby hi oh
yeah I'm so exciting it's so exciting
oh my you're excited I'm feeling you go
swimming
look at those arms oh my gosh that's a
crazy boy
no he's been standing up on his own
today and he just now took a couple
steps oh oh that's right I can't see him
try again come on I'm going I'll look at
him look at him who's gonna go for it Oh
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
okay these are real sets these are real
steps look know what look at Noah no one
no one look we got it come on oh my gosh
Oh we'll go get you one of those okay
those are first real steps and like you
kind of took some steps and feel like
real steps but those are real steps good
attack good it down let's give them
something to walk okay you want your cup
you want your cup come get your cup he
wants Hugh's cup you might see his cup
oh gosh oh gosh he just wants his cup
she's ready first kiss 90/10 no I do
you're gonna watch this oh it's okay
iris you go to him Noah ten years from
now you'll be watching this very upset
with yourself yeah beta has a boyfriend
he missed it with a motorcycle
he's too tired so there they were Noah's
first probably real steps it's exciting
times for us as first-time parents
because our life is about to take
another spin for craziness in that Noah
will be running around before you know
it today he opened up the front door by
himself for the first time just opened
it started going outside so we have to
keep that locked at all times
he is just an adventure adventurous
child he loves hanging out with the
older kids he lets go to the park he
loves exploring he loves doing probably
all the normal things that a kid should
do and it's cool that's awesome
we love that kid to death we can't wait
to see him take more steps I think if I
had to place a bet I would say two weeks
and I think he'll be walking two weeks
for sure he's getting really mobile now
what do you guys think how many days you
should have like a competition or
something post in the comments how many
days you guys think until Noah is
walking I will say ah days days days
days days days I want to say 10 because
it's like one of my favorite numbers but
I'll go ahead and say 14 no I'm going to
say 10 that's really soon I don't know
if that weapon mustache is back I can't
wait to show you guys this photo that we
took I know on Twitter and just tweeted
out and everyone's like it's Jen
pregnant no she's not pregnant right now
but you never know knows almost 10
months old I mean it's almost time to
have another baby right buddy we got to
put a lot of thought into that he'll
have a sibling before you know it though
guys time flies thanks for hanging out
with us tomorrow I'm gonna go on a hike
with my friend Brayden who's gonna be
spending the night I'm gonna take the
quadcopter out it's gonna be awesome I
can't wait to do that hopefully I don't
crash it apparently Jen found a sale on
my hair gel today cuz she bought me
three of them so I use right there got
to be playful texture cream pomade I
don't know why I'm even talking about
this it's not even it's not that most
expensive stuff but when it's like $1 to
on sale you just gotta buy a bunch of
them anyways it made me really happy
that you guys enjoyed the quadcopter
footage because I think I'll go on more
hikes it'll be good for me like exercise
it'll get sweet footage and try and
bring it on some
trip so I can just get a different point
of view even just the living in this
area you know I think I know all my
surroundings and then you get that view
from the sky
and it's crazy it's cool I love it I
don't know about you guys but a part of
me has always wanted to just be able to
like fly and the quad the nerd bird kind
of called the nerd bird that's the name
the nerd bird allows me to fly this is a
really big mirror I think this is the
biggest mirror I've ever had in my life
it's kind of cool anyways hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog can't wait to go on
the hike tomorrow it's gonna be sweet
love you guys see you then
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I know some of you guys
are ducks fans I got my jersey ready
it's gonna be a great series
