hey Simon to viewers its aaron from
chicago and welcome to this black she's
good you doing keep going i think it's
like a crab walk kind of no I think
supposed to be better no things that
need to be better all right you just got
another nature box we got a couple new
things to try out I'm excited to take a
look help me open it lift up the lifted
up no I okay okay yeah no hey you got
some blueberry Greek yogurt pretzels
yeah whoa mango orange fruit juice yeah
parmesan garlic hot pot yeah
sourdough cheddar pretzels do you really
want those ones I was just really
excited because Jen nut the box opened
it acted like we hadn't got it yet and
she was already eating these well how
are they they're really good
honestly the pretzels are so good try a
pretzel oh you've had these two no
what's that
no no the others
I really tried I tried so hard to not
eat them but it was this way too hard
it's just too tempting it's the orange
packaging and the delicious snacks would
you
Wow look at all these goodies every time
we get a new box I try to pick out least
one of the new things that they're doing
like the salt and pepper of pistachios
no sound good anyways you guys know how
much we love nature box
it's delicious all I he hasn't tried it
I've only ever heard good things from
you guys
so if you want to try out and get your
own free samples you can go and click on
our link in the description it will take
you to their website and then you just
have to pay for shipping and then it'll
go to you so you guys can try out some
of the same stuff that we are it is
delicious what it's true come on try it
something there take a bite so if you
are interested check out the link in the
description let us know what you get
show us your boxes we love seeing your
pictures good morning sweet I'm Josh and
I'm Joey
it's the Bogside magical day
good morning I got to sleep in nice and
Sam got but Noah and he's still waking
up really early random way like today
was 5:30 he was awake and yesterday was
six and the day before I think was 5:30
I have no idea what is going on with him
why are you waking up so early
he's been spitting a lot dancing all
actually you've been dancing a lot today
we're watching some of the voice while
we play and he just loves the music it's
so fun
hopefully it's warm enough maybe we'll
go to the pool but it doesn't look like
it's warm gonna be warm enough anyway I
hope you guys are having a fun day or
fun night or a fun sleep whatever you're
doing
he's been attempting to stand up on his
own a lot more lately keep going keep
going keep going
look at this oh you can stay up longer
come on oh he can stay up longer
honestly you guys I think he could walk
if you really wanted to I just don't
think he was such a boy just spits all
day long lately anyway he can sip a lot
more and he's been like letting go over
the couch more and just standing for a
minute and then like grabbing back on
he's just faster on his knees so he's
like why walk when I'm fast on my knees
you know he's totally big enough and
strong enough to walk he just doesn't
feel like it hi dad
guys I think some you think that Noah is
just an angel child 24/7 and doesn't cry
or whine but even though he is my angel
child
he definitely whines and cries and
screams and spits and throws fits
no one's gonna fly it for Sam we were
walking over here someone said got the
nert what'd they say
nerd bird out got the nerd bird out
because you guys didn't know Sam's a
nerd
football UFO you little nerd bird
good luck now if we can like see what
enough like what it's looking at the
camera that crazy
creating oh my god
alien robot
