on check from Shane and baby and I just
want to say good morning sweet world I
put sriracha on everything I'm GC this
baby David we're from Florida the ever
after and you are watching yeah hey I'm
sitting in the boyhood room of sam
anderson wishing you a very happy day
heading to the park Sam's on a work
meeting so we're here because it's so
nice today fine I it's like fine there's
not any storm clouds in the sky so
hopefully it gets warmer and start
having store for days hi baby what you
fine Oh a rock of course you find a rock
it's so funny it's so cute how us find
everything so interesting like oh look
what is this thing I've started to just
like sit with my front door open and let
no just go like in and out I just sit
here and kind of watch while he plays in
the dirt and just crawls around so he
enjoys it it's kind of fun and it's nice
and shaded so yeah this could just head
over no fake laughs going hey it's so
fun watching babies explore it's like
you see things that see before it what's
up guys I haven't really blocked much
today at all because we've been doing
really boring stuff planning for a
boring summer so now we're celebrating
birthday mother's day dinner no his
birthday it was birthday it's a birthday
mother was Mother's Day dinner last
night this is birthday mother's day part
two you have to up two dinners now a
brain so read takara
hi guys she's got been fishing a couple
where'd you serve south korea oh my gosh
aren't you Korean yeah I did start
speaking
sticking to me
always got to get that sushi shot always
got to get that sushi shot I always got
to get that thin I'm trying that was my
first time doing one of these I'm the
hero dreams of sushi they just grab them
with their fingers self and bite one
bite no no sauce or anything William cuz
it like fish and rice that's like you
just reached ran into my aquarium fish
belly except i'd rather have food july
eleventh 100-mile bike race we're in a
100-mile bike race in two months today
is May eleventh and this is the bike
that daehan's gonna be riding like this
yeah hundred miles on that that is
actually the bike that Aaron will be
writing tho you gotta Casey nice tat
spin that oh yeah you knew yeah shout
out to kc nice debt bike skills and then
i'm gonna be on one of these that you
just connect on to another bike and I
haven't decided who I'm gonna connect to
yet but either way it's gonna be an easy
read no actually Jen's mom said i need
to get my bum ready i followed or else
I'm gonna be feeling it so see ya again
by a bike we're gonna rent one for the
race though oh you only have to jump sir
Sir sir oh you have a good help they're
gone how
Oh your watch got me i can do it
one-handed did you better than me
ok CrossFit
you got a gold dang oh those Deion
Sanders was great all right I've hooked
up the gimbal on the drone as you can
see it's very glowing I'm not sure what
the footage look like but this is gonna
be my first video test flight here on
your test at University here we go you
know how to flight do you want I just
hold onto that first I can just get it
liftoff we're ready for takeoff lady
yeah a little windy stance you and Mom
I'm looking Skyler look it's UFO wanna
tell you what after you are a culture oh
my god
Georgia
by my side
I
the quadcopter is amazing i love it gen
best birthday ever yesterday has amazed
i'm going to next year no no no you
don't have to match anything i just am
obsessed with it right now it's really
fun to fly go fly whenever you possibly
can I have to go fly again tonight if
I'm findin I'm trying to get another
battery cuz i only have one battery so
i'm so excited it's a lot of fun i want
to take it on is good and all our trips
this summer and then we can get some fun
just like aerial footage incorporating
the vlogs when I can I know you guys
will probably be seeing a lot of it in
the next coming days just because I'm
fooling around to trying to get used to
things so enjoy it's cool it's so fun
it's pretty cool it is really cool I
just can't get over what life is like
right now that you could get a drone a
quadcopter I mean and fly it around and
record it like what's life going to be
like in 10 years or 20 years it's scary
and cool at the same time if someone had
I mean if I had one of these ten years
ago and I was flying it around people
have been like you have foul UFO can I
like Aaron we saw that remember we saw
someone finally join a couple years ago
for you is about for you yeah it's right
when we got married we it was the first
one we had already ever seen me know
when the lights and just the motion of
it were like wow is that a UFO mm-hmm
that's crazy it's super cool though who
wants a PB&J you know I go make one now
that looks good I haven't really flown
it around no way yet so we'll see how he
reacts if you saw the other blog the
other day whenever Jen vacuum she's very
attentive very concerned kind of just
taking it all in I beg killed you the
same way with the quadcopter kind of
like yeah I'm scared of it he also
whenever the garbage truck comes by or
any big truck he really looks at him and
kind of what is it tries to figure out
what's going on nice I think Jen
mentioned earlier today that it's just
fun to notice you know kids and babies
taking in life taking advanced new sites
new sounds things they don't understand
but I feel like he knows that he's not
listening me sometimes I will be like
Noah Noah no just sit there and play and
ignore me blatantly ignore me it's
hilarious you shouldn't be speaking to
us yet you know
be putting on ton of words together but
he he's kind of knows now he knows how
to get her attention he knows how to
ignore us getting knows when he's
misbehaving and he's only two months old
it's crazy babies are smart and it's
scary yeah every day I'm like wow I need
to make sure i'm always behaving in
front of Noah am I crazy cause like when
I'm watching a game or something I don't
want him to be like Oh dad's aggressive
no I don't want no what like how was I
at that age it's like was I sneaking off
across to the neighbor's house when Mom
was funny that's the cool thing about
recording all this he also feels energy
in the room oh yeah i feels our Energon
totaling about one of us is maybe like
upset happy excited he feels any Jaffa
reciprocate that emotion for sure mm-hmm
so even at a young age kids yeah they
paid off their parents they feed up the
people around them you can influence
them a lot yeah we love that kid anyways
shutting down the vlog for today I got
to go fly the copter tomorrow in the
daylight I'm really excited about that
we'll see how Noah reacts and we're
working on some things for VidCon which
I'm excited about oh gosh this joke to
me angry Oh purpose everything will see
us tomorrow love ya see you later bye if
you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood who
likes you chocolate drink and if you
like you do you think it's better in a
bottle or no it's a glass bottle box or
can Oh jens's box what do you guys think
or maybe you don't like you at all you
in a box is way better because there's
not as much I feel like when I drink it
in the can there's just too much I could
hear that first real problems all about
the box baby I just like sipping from a
strat to
