what's up guys I am very excited to make
this video for you today because I feel
like in today's digital age we are all
content creators most of us have a
mobile device that we carry with us
every single day we're taking pictures
we're taking video sometimes voice
recordings and then what do you do with
that stuff do you put it on YouTube do
you put it on Instagram do you tweet it
out do you have a blog do you just keep
it to yourself put it on a hard drive
once your phone's full or maybe delete
it and just never look at it again we
are all creating content after you
create that content you can actually do
a lot with it and it's not that hard an
intel powered all-in-one computer is
amazing the intel core processor inside
is powerful it can handle anything you
throw at it and they might just be the
perfect thing for you at a very
reasonable price so I want to show you
guys kind of some of my favorite things
to do when I'm editing video photos also
show you that you can do web design on
this and other things but first off
shout outs are best by an Intel for
hooking me up with his computer and
sponsoring this video I have had so much
fun working on this computer playing
with it the kids have loved it I'm a big
guy in reviews and anytime I see
something with like almost five-star
reviews I'm like oh man it's got to be
good and the reviews were right real
quick though the computer is beautiful
it looks amazing it looks great on my
desk I love the colors of it there's a
nice speaker right there
all right let's keyboard and mouse very
large monitor this is the entire
computer right here there is no tower
it's all right there it's actually
pretty thin considering that the monitor
is big it actually has a drive right
here for CDs and DVDs pretty cool so my
opinion when you're looking to buy a
computer you want it to be able to
handle everything you throw at it you
also wanted to fit what today's
standards are most video it's still like
1080p but a lot of cameras now and
cellphones they're all pushing out 4k
video this computer can handle it
working in high resolution photos not a
problem
video games drawing all that good to go
I've been using this computer for a
while and I just want to demonstrate
some of the things that I love to do
when I'm creating content and just show
you guys what this is capable of ok so
right now I'm working in a video editor
one of my favorite things to do with
video and editing especially with the
kids because they're always moving so
fast running around it's hard to capture
all of the emotion of that but when you
slow it down
you can't you notice things that you
hadn't noticed before when editing on
this computer I've noticed it's been
super responsive and doing slow motion
Clips is actually pretty easy as you can
see this clip right here this is Noah
playing soccer in fast pace you can
still see what's happening it's fun it's
cool he celebrates right here very cool
but what happens if we slow that down so
I just go over here I change the speed
duration right now it's 100% I'm gonna
change that to 25% so it's gonna be a
lot slower and in my opinion stuff like
this like when you're making a montage
or anything like that just like look how
look how much more you notice okay so
here he is he's coming for the big kick
he goes for it
boom it's going it's in the goal pretty
normal right but the celebration in slow
motion you notice the emotion how
beautiful it is he's so happy in
real-time this is so fast you don't get
to really notice all of this but when
you slow it down it's just like oh man
these precious moments so as you can see
edit 'video is on this buttery smooth
it's beautiful it's great I love it now
what about photos just as good I
actually love the display the colors
seem very true and rich I really like
color accuracy when I'm looking at
photos and editing them but yeah this
thing is awesome you guys see that we're
kind of going for a cactus theme outside
in the family room we want our pictures
and colors to kind of match this and
simple editing tools you can actually
just play around with the temperatures
to try and get that and since the
computer has an Intel Core processor
inside it's powerful enough to handle
all the tools and programs that I
typically use you guys have requested
that I make more videos about editing
photos and my process this computer has
met all of my expectations and more this
summer I actually like got a scar on my
face from a car door it cut my eye and
left a scar and at the time I was like
that is so cool man I got a scar but now
I'm kind of like ah I'm gonna have that
fluoresced my life and it it doesn't
look that cool I'm okay with that me it
doesn't bother me in pictures let's say
Jen's like hey could you Photoshop touch
her picture up for a family Christmas
Card she's already beautiful she doesn't
need any touch-ups but just for the sake
of this video I'm showing you something
fun some people really do like touch ups
like these
Papa Papa Jen's got like a mold here or
something doesn't bother me
thank God with Noah the other day we
were playing around coloring his hair
because he's been coloring his hair for
all the different soccer games I was
like so do you want to know what it
looks like if you had red hair for the
next game we can do that I can show you
okay what color here what are you
thinking purple purple
I'm I have green hair
mm-hmm I don't have yellow hair yellow
hair and yellow he loves this stuff he
has so much fun to know if he loves
coloring and drawing on this thing this
computer that I'm on has a touchscreen
so that's pretty cool I know a lot of
them too
some might not but that's been a really
fun feature for us now that we're
getting settled into our new place too
we're trying to get our website up a
place where we can post more photos Jen
wants to sell some of her art she can
post that on there we could also put
merch on there if a computer is capable
of video editing doing photo editing
it's definitely capable of creating
websites as well and that's something
that we're working on you guys kind of
saw that maybe in our video hoping to
roll out a website within the next month
so stay tuned to that in a typical
workflow for me I might have multiple of
these programs open at the same time you
don't want that to bog your computer
down but that's actually been one of the
things I've been most impressed with I
currently have our web page up
I've our photos that we've been editing
up I have my videos that I'm editing up
I have this up as well
multiple programs and it's actually
doing a phenomenal job of multitasking
and being able to handle all of that as
you can see I love the computer if
you're looking for something an
all-in-one computer powered by an Intel
Core processor is just what you need
processor is so powerful and fast the
multitasking was amazing it handled
everything I threw at it you can dive
right in and do what you want and not
have to worry about anything else if you
guys have any other questions for me
please feel free to post them in the
comments if there's something
specifically you notice in my videos
with the editing how I record it or
photos or anything like that please let
me know and that will be my next video
thank you guys for watching I hope you
guys enjoyed it and took something away
I'll see you guys tomorrow
