what up guys my name is Tyler Cummings
and I'm a singer-songwriter from San
Diego California I'm Emily and I'm from
Memphis and this is the next Annika vlog
good morning so I'm Gabby from
Manchester New Hampshire and you're
watching samokov vlogs enjoy the video
good morning everyone it's Sam it's also
Mother's Day selfie mother say to
everyone look I walk downstairs to cute
little flowers cute just three it's
perfect
okay so I got a happy birthday banner
that's sparkly I got lots of balloons
and some wet stewards to stream up okay
the best part is this card seriously
it's hilarious ready let's go man
balloons in the morning is no joke so
there's a little happy birthday sign
they create the kitchen balloons
streamers
and his pigeons excited I wake up right
now something to see everything are you
waiting for dad where's dad dad huh be
right they dad it's his birthday
come on look it look at your birthday oh
happy birthday
well streamers and balloons can do very
much the Kaiser it was hard by myself
it's no it's very excited
Thanks oh yeah it was a good little nap
yeah let's open presents right now I'm
too excited I can't have you weigh all
day teachers no are these all from you
no the blue ones from your mom but all
they go together I just wrapped them
separately I just wrapped them
separately so that it looked like there
was more
yes no comic I've always talked about
wearing this on my head the GoPro thank
you hopefully mom's present me tenth
1980 it was best of our lives
that's daddy's car don't get card soon
it's almost your birthday but these give
me crazy
he's been very curious about that blue
bag I know it was double packaged yeah
baby that's cool
look at that Noah okay no no no you got
open this dad going to flow unboxing
something great never gets old was I
success yeah okay I did some hardcore
snooping when you weren't home I was
like on your facebook messages looking
at what you were talking to Eric about
and like finding out which one you
wanted
so I there's like so many to choose from
but I think that was the one you were
looking at
do you like it well this just goes this
is like part of it I just wrapped it up
or so it looked like there was no love
me happy birthday have a really good
birthday no one likes it - I'm blown
away right now uh Jenna always feels
like she doesn't get me like good
presents and then I usually know about
paintings and this was a complete
surprise
I've always wanted a drone
I've always wanted a GoPro Chun's like
you were just gonna get yourself one
anyways which is not true I did not get
one because she had said not to and then
she surprises me with one he has know
what that means
sweet aerial footage this summer I've
had model helicopters before so I've had
a little bit experience but this is a
quadcopter there's four there's four
blades maybe that will help me maybe it
won't we'll see but Jen and Noah are the
best we need to celebrate Mother's Day I
was planning on being down here and
cooking breakfast this morning when we
all woke up but she did not want me to
go downstairs because this there's a
surprise and I know if I had gone
downstairs she would have killed me so
I'm gonna make breakfast now we made
some bacon and hash browns breakfast
food is probably one of my favorite
foods ever just need some toast and it'd
be perfect by the way these aren't
really paper plates the fake ones look
at the back from church
Sam's in a bulls onesie and we're eating
good welcome only holy moly you're a
crazy boy oh my goodness
Oh bowls made a comeback insane
it's a tighter and now there's still 20
seconds left I feel like Cleveland is
due for a game winner like a ridiculous
one I'm kind of ready to get
disappointed but either way it has been
a great birthday great Mother's Day I'm
not sure if the Bulls ones he's lucky
yet I just feel like the calves are due
for a game winner I feel like they do
for it black it's in I called it I
called it I called it guys I feel the
flowy game I called it guys and another
year I would be super sad and be like oh
that ruined my birthday but this
happiness happiness this is extra this
is just extra to me when the Bulls win
it's all extra a little disappointed but
I knew he's gonna make that shot I knew
they're gonna hit a game when I called
it you guys saw it here first
I felt the floor of the game time for
the Bulls that win Game five this game
should have been a blowout need you to
blown him out but we'll come back
fighting
we'd better excuse me what are you doing
in that box he keeps pushing this box
down and now he's decided that he wants
all the flaps closed if I give him the
dog he just throws it back you want the
dog you want the dog oh you want the dog
now nope too cute look at this beauty
Joey made this for Mother's Day and she
came over they came over just sell them
exams birthday - hi you know that your
face come on guys wow you guys are all
there's so much space between the couch
like I just really like dive into the
middle of it ah don't go there he's
probably getting stink like poop oh you
stink like poop seriously
in my favorite rocketship the closest
thing to something that we had but your
Utah
what do you mean like little other beers
no way are you serious
butterscotch beer non-alcoholic flying
call oh my gosh is it like okay it's
like Hogwarts yeah so we could like
freeze it and then a little bit with the
with the whipped cream or just by ice
and just doesn't so want to come from
want to come I'm taking the quadcopter
for a spin hopefully I don't wreck it I
tried to watch a couple videos and read
the instructions I'm in a grass field so
hopefully it'll go well I actually think
this might be easier than flying the
helicopters I used to fly since ads for
propellers a little more stable
especially with the GPS is awesome
oh look alien I love it
first flight was a success tomorrow I
mount the camera to take a bunch of
nerdy selfies which I took today as well
and now but you like the nerdy selfies
now that no is asleep we're gonna enjoy
our night we're gonna have a little
birthday Mother's Day dinner I'm gonna
cook it up sorry let's open up your card
first you're one hot mama no one can
read read says Noah send it - that was a
good day
felt like Christmas that's like we were
both celebrating being really good to
each other they're like hey no we do
this really no that's how every day
should be except don't get me a
quadcopter every day yeah that's a once
in a lifetime the fish is in the oven
we're having a what's it called circuit
Serpentor surf and turf baby surf and
tear Holly baby and the steak potatoes
yeah we both decided that we think we
like pan better than grilling on the
grill because it's just so juicy
hinder totally open your mouth yeah open
your mouth
we're gonna put it on the news Oh baby
oh yeah there we go that's the money
shot nice little char juice for telling
ya it's all about that pan mole it's
good that me Mother's Day come over then
Thanks
I think mistake we've been cooking in
the pan taste bed in restaurants take I
would have to agree
we are the restaurant cafe sanika we
forgot to film the fish it's almost gone
now it is its own and delicious this was
a successful meal I think it was just
standing cuz you're like with one blade
I'm pretty hungry actually this is just
to taste you can even set up anything
seriously well I like this I like
sharing happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday be
Samuele happy birthday
oh no doubt
Oh smokey yay you're 27 how's it feel
surreal I'm excited for you my little
geez come excited for you to eat your
little cheesecake oh you have to do it
man
have a little birthday dance one two
three four five six seven eight thirty
sixteen eighteen nineteen Twenty twenty
two three - four - five - six - seven
and some pinch to grow in it happy
birthday I love you have a good birthday
mmm what's your favorite thing about the
day spirit you guys it's really fun the
first time I fired up quad quad copter
and it was like I was like what no love
defeated yes I love you I hope you had a
good birthday I had a great Mother's Day
no I told them it was so relaxing got to
take a nap on the couch wouldn't have
another day like this where we share it
for awhile for seven years right I don't
know I don't know could be sooner
hmm who knows but I enjoyed it I thought
it was fun sharing it with you I liked
it first Mother's Day 27th birthday my
favorite moment of the day giving you
presents and sowing time with you guys
okay and dinner what's really really
good and no in the box
oh yeah no in the box was just a really
good day all together I think today was
one for the books that was a positive
day it was a positive day think happy be
happy oh good you better believe it
you can reach a few too soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood secret clear beat
it's so good
once again it's more icy than like one's
there but it tastes pretty similar
mmm mm-hmm
