hey I'm Ellie and I'm from Alabama and I
wanted to say good morning to my sweet
Sam of cafe mocha enjoy the blog hi
Rachel oh yeah Chicago I love you guys
morning sweet world where's my rabbit
use me up YouTube channel come pick us
out Noah look game I sent you taco card
for Cinco DeMayo isn't that fun I'm
gonna read it to you
so cute I know uh do you like tacos one
day you will I hope you're enjoying your
summer lesson soon you'll be walking it
miss you candy oh thanks Grammy it's
Saturday in the air that means it means
that tomorrow
what is this gonna fix itself guys I'm
sorry it's so gross and I hope that hate
it
tomorrow is and I'm really because I
have some fun secrets well I guess you
won't know that before Sam but kind of
because I'll film well he did leap what
okay what exactly I don't know he's
talking money so yeah
not wedding dang it I mean wedding
shower five years six years six years
six years us Noah is having a lot of fun
flirting with your niece we just don't
buy cookies or sweets marshmallow
frosting so delicious with all the girls
he's manly yeah yeah okay so Jen lecture
camera while Sherman took Noah back so
we decided that we would show you some
embarrassing pictures from freshman year
like she's gonna put these on anyway
yeah so we were her roommate at
testing freshman year I've got a nice
picture of Jen one morning we woke up
and we decided to do like this
razzle-dazzle there we go
that's Janica at her finest there's
another one of her I'm on the side but
you don't need to see that you see Jim
so here's a good one that my way I think
all four of us slept in the same bed we
did it was setting a queen bed I mean
Jenica woke up like that well it's for
Wallace we couldn't think of like any
embarrassing stories so we just figured
that we would show you smoke
embarrassing photos she told us we could
do whatever you wanted one
I guessed how many teases Rayna and I
won really
how many was in there 270 she gets 187
now you can cheers cuz it will be in
there I guess when 87 and there was 207
Wow you know I don't like I know I don't
like chocolate kisses but I just really
wanted the glass cups I thought it'd be
fun right love yeah I just wanted to see
that I once I was very excited to win
very hey hey guys okay so my sorry
little ones thing um so my friends
bridal shower is over it was so fun to
see all my friends I don't see all the
time I'm so excited for her to get
married
but I had to stop by Best Buy because
you guys the worst thing ever happened
the one time the one year I have like
the best presents plan for Sam freaking
Amazon decide so like use a really
crappy like transportation service they
didn't just use like UPS you know or
USPS or whatever they decided to use
this really crappy service I can't
remember the name of it and I ordered
like like fast shipping so I it made
sure that it got here on time his
present but supposed to be on Thursday
and here this Saturday I'm like where is
his freaking present I was like starting
to freak out last night because I I just
wanted him to have his prints on his
birthday cuz I'm really excited for him
to open these presents so I like emailed
them like the place where the present
like the package is supposedly at
emailed them I called them like 10 times
this morning they never picked up my
calls never called me back
I was so frustrated and never emailed
them back either and it's just like
sitting there like I have no idea what's
going on they have like the worst
ratings in the entire world if you were
like kept saying that they never got the
packages or they're like ten days late
and a whole bunch of really scary sad
things someone caught the guy jumping
off one package and stealing another
package off of their porch because they
had that cameras but didn't like the guy
didn't notice really sketchy service I
don't know why airs on even like uses
them for anything
and so they just refunded me and then I
was like okay well now I gotta go to
Best Buy I made sure that what I needed
was there and I was so happy I was so
success I have part of its present right
here and I was so excited for him to
open it I hope Sam always surprises me
always always surprise new things and I
never surprise him he always picks out
what he wants but this year I'm like no
I'm doing it right and I'm gonna
surprise him gosh dang it so hopefully
it's turned into a good day it's
birthday tomorrow and also I got like
happy birthday streamers and stuff like
that so I'm really excited I'm the rare
occasion that Noah sleeps really long
for his naps we have to go wake him up
oh the goods dredge Oh
Jerry good nap hmm I'd be yelling - hola
hola
wow wow wow
someone's a little chatty lately
yesterday in the vlog you talked a lot
let's go find 9 yeah I did good nap I
didn't I didn't even want to wake up I
look like babies already know how to use
an imagination like I'm like what's he
saying over there what's he talking
about
Wow uh-huh oh oh here comes destruction
Noah maybe not maybe just want the Frog
some flowers
we're at my club and we are deciding
what we're gonna eat tomorrow for my
birthday and Mother's Day which is a
joint decision at this point don't you
think right we're really celebrating
Mother's Day know whose birthday I think
a little salmon and mashed potatoes
stuff salmon I can hear him from across
the store can you from across this door
let the record show that these snacks I
ruled the flowers yeah I try Jen said
she wanted flowers but she'd rather have
this I said both but no for me with
these every couple years my birthday
falls on Mother's Day which really I've
never had a problem with I always
thought it was kind of cool this year it
falls on Mother's Day and I want
Mother's Day to be a great day for Jen I
want her to know how much I love her and
how grateful I am for the great mother
that she is Jen basically said she's
been buying a bunch of things and
sometimes she gets upset when I buy her
gifts I really don't want to upset her
but I'm gonna go get something that I
can cook up for breakfast and for dinner
and then I really want to get all the
ingredients for the guacamole from
Chipotle Jen usually doesn't want
flowers and then today she kind of
mentioned it and she ended up making me
put the ones away at Sam's Club so
hopefully they have some flowers here
because I'm gonna end up getting her
some because I know deep down inside she
really wants them this time all right
you can see that it's darker now kind of
took me a while in there but I think I
did a pretty good job you guys was left
to wait until tomorrow to see what
exactly I decided to do I'm excited
though and I know Jen's excited remember
that it's gonna be just like a good
selfless serving each other day it's
gonna be great
although that's what everyday should be
like and I kind of it is I'm often
rapping Sam's prezi's yeah you guys want
to see I want to tell you so badly when
I got him
I can't because he's one who edits
videos I got some fancy wrapping paper
at Kmart but I'm so excited so this all
kind of got those two things go together
and these two things go together but
they all go together and then that box
has something you put this into I'm
excited like how cute Sam's mom parents
sent him a present and they like asked
for Amazon to like gift wrap it and
they've wrapped it in this like cute
little Santa pouch I love it it's so
cute some you guys I think this is all
so excited I've ever been to give him
something I had a couple other ideas I'm
gonna save those for future events I've
had some major snooping in his
conversations with people and I hope I
got what he like what he's been wanting
we'll see we fingers crossed I was
cleaning that giant goblet and it was
filled with water and I was seen there
fine
and then the soap started to overflow on
it and hit broke I was so excited to
drink by a blast out of it tomorrow yeah
I keep it under the bed this will soon
be the most delicious guacamole and I
won't have to pay extra I have added the
salt I've added the lime juice and I've
also noticed that this sounds like
something you could use for sound
effects in a movie listen you know what
I'm talking about like the behind the
scenes of the movie where they make all
the noises for cartoons animations or
other things like that like they punch
watermelons and it's like and they were
to use that for someone getting punched
in the stomach or some banana as if you
just charged coke
here 27 what are you doing here tend to
i7 I met Chuck someone oh that's what
he's doing his 27th birthday yeah Chuck
and coke present under this under this
table right here that he he's not
allowed to peek under the guise of you
this song before my church oh we're
periscoping and I just came back from a
late Walmart ranks we forgot some stuff
like chips for this huge Bullock walk
make me cry no I was just telling a
story let me meet this that when I work
to the prep cook I'm like immune to the
oil thing I mean the oil dynein thing so
I don't tear up like a real fun fact so
they
yay I love till tomorrow not till
tomorrow
well too bad it is tomorrow it's already
tomorrow alright happy birthday happy
birthday hi hey blog hey happy brick
thanks guys thanks Samson some type of
way on this 27th birthday guys enough
red onion I've liked all the ingredients
in there I'm missing a little bit of
cilantro but I'm thinking of Jen and I
won't put it all in because she says she
usually picks it out success people I
have successfully I've successfully
created chipotle guacamole and now the
secret to keeping it fresh I think the
lime juice will help a lot but I cut
these pits and you throw them in there
spread them around cover it up if you
get fresh for tomorrow and I cannot wait
to eat it it's kind of fitting I made
that because we used to make that a lot
when we were dating I think more so and
when you're dating then since we've been
married we used to cook a lot as like
dates which now you just do when you're
married you just cook you know it's part
of life back then and before you're
married you're like oh let's cook a meal
together this will be fun it's a fun
date and now we do it every single day
and these I have to whisper cos general
hear me these are Jen's favorite color
and so as bad you didn't think I really
wasn't many other flowers right come on
guys come on Thursday tomorrow
yeah every tip you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood like you eat it it's
a book up were to read but I can't
remember it's um rereading it because
the last one just came out and they
can't remember went to that
