yeah get out for the morning Little
Nicky boy oh yeah come here come this
way yeah come up with one we are just
about to do some laundry I went and
worked out this kid took them out now
he's naked what oh come on see it up
okay come on let's go let's go I don't
hear who follow me I live in New York
and they said with a blog for regards
actually real can't escape from Ohio
welcome to today's blog Hades longer
because Noah had fever sprawl out when
we were done this weekend and his pants
are just ruined yeah I am scarred
because oh my gosh do you guys don't
chew Bonnie yogurt well I hate to run me
over no offense of you I like it I hate
it I hate the smell of it and watch your
money okay I don't know why it just
melts gross I had fun and funny over
that morning yes not like okay okay his
pants just smell like rotten chobani
yogurt you know I'm trying to clean your
clothes mr. ah ah definitely definitely
wash those clothes Wow oh boy nothing
nice to see
I'm getting your poopy pants yeah okay
we're all done for now come on the
little helper let's go it's like what do
you mean we're done I like it in here
you're so cute when you're just in a
diaper somebody come follow me 3 2 1 i'm
pretty excited right now because i just
got another shipment of my Harry's razor
set def shun you guys in the vol you a
couple times it is the secret to my
mustache and also maintaining no unibrow
hmm as well so you guys know I love
Harry's that's what I used shave my
facial hair although don't really have a
lot I always feel special though when i
get a shipment and i always liked the
little cards i feel like they always
change like I've seen that one before
there's mice foaming shave gel and all
my razors hold on it's hard to do with
one hand yep razors case hold on I might
have to put the camera down Oh nope here
we go ah today it's a reminder in how to
take care of my blade whoo the purdy I
should call that number or email them be
like yo can you help a brother out I'm
really not growing that beard facial
hair that i would like to is there any
secret to how I shame shame in it oh
that's right here though is my razor of
choice I love them it is so much cheaper
than going to the store and buying your
own razors and things and they'll ship
it right to your door free shipping
they're awesome I know a lot of you guys
bought some for your husband's for
yourselves I let Jen use one of mine she
loves it too so you guys want to get
this same exact set i will give you guys
a coupon code that you can use click on
the link of the description to go to
Harry's website and then use the code
Sam akka a check out you'll get five
dollars off so like a whole set like
this you can get for 15 bucks but it'll
be only 10 if it's your first time
ordering one before we gave one of these
sets to jen's dad for christmas and he
loved it so check them out guys I
love me some Harry's amazing quality cuz
i do everything themselves and it's a
lot cheaper than the way you'll get I
like the grocery store and your stores
like that on top of it being really good
quality I also love the smell you guys
have to smell this look how pretty and
clean the kitchen look back to have our
friend Brayden calm fizz he's coming
down tonight which is really fun women
seen him in a while um and convince him
oh we're all gonna watch the bulls game
that's fun Noah was a little stinker bum
today and didn't want to take an
afternoon nap it's like between 1 and
yuji up and down it too and so like
anything around one it's like if we're
home it's fine he'll stay awake but if I
get in the car with him he'll fall
asleep and I went in ranting errands and
he fell asleep at like 120 it feels like
okay I'll just drop him off at home and
then go to the rest of my errands well
he didn't go back to sleep so he had
like a 30 minute maybe 30 minute
afternoon nap which never happens he
always has at least an hour to two hours
well you've you been up to today Oh
cleaning or being up and work done gotta
go return some speakers is one of the
speakers didn't work that I got oh well
yeah it's not frustrating yeah so just
trying to get organized I almost feel
like we're completely moved in which is
take a long time but it's been bits and
pieces cuz then we go out of town come
back go to town I think that we've been
pretty good we've definitely moved in
more than we did at our last place and
we were there for a while and we've only
been here for like six weeks so that's
kind of nice I'm gonna vlog baby he's
been singing all day here's no Oh Bo
because I've been watching a singing
show all day Bobby you can keep singing
he's harmonizing with the voice a song
for you it's called you know for things
he's like loving this little spatula
thing I don't even know that's for well
talking for something I told them how
you did yes hey would you like me to
cook your jeweler Oh Bobby address on
the barbie hey that's your finger men to
juice Jesus me know nothing really
wanting Sabri used to be cup hahahaha
thank you for sharing with me Oh fellow
game playing Asik maybe style
well you found me yeah well he sees me
where do I go what I good you're gonna
get me I'll baby treadmill Oh a baby
treadmill over what we do on rainy days
bubbles inside pull out the best idea
here let's do it over here come over to
the kitchen with a lot
it's another bulls game little losing
right now pretty bad I kind of expect
them to lose game two I do that the
calves would come out punching fighting
they're giving it their all right now
100-percent we got some food going on we
got oh this guy flew in from Chicago for
the game what's up Tina that is a sweet
shirt though cut it in the crowd you
know oh my gosh and it's not XXL and
it's actually cool it's probably the
kids and I fitted I think every time
I've ever got a shirt at a game it has
been an XXL and like the worst shirt
ever got my Chicago Bulls shirt on no
what shirt you wearing see Oh Chicago
Bulls say let's go bulls let's go both
we'll see what our team has tonight kind
of worried I don't think we win tonight
but I will continue to cheer and we win
come with house money on this game the
Bulls lost as I expected but game 3 is
going to be huge fizzle be there
tomorrow the Blackhawks play and if they
win it will be a sweep and I can promise
you a sweep dance sweep dance like no
other we have to win though keep
submitting your Clips introducing the
blog you can be like good morning sweet
world my name is Dion Jane and you are
watching say mikov log's anyways love
you guys see tomorrow thank you can
reach if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
Showtime
