good morning sweet world
oh I mean the little guy I've been
watching a little bit of ESPN this
morning doing a little bit of wrestling
playing with blue dog and our cars has
been a fun morning yeah yeah you've had
a good morning
this kid is getting smarter every single
day like yeah you're looking at me you
know I'm talking about you huh yeah it's
just so interesting to watch it's crazy
how much sometimes they'll just wake up
one day and awesome know how to do
something game I know you're doing
you're gonna throw all your toys back
there so then I have to grab them for
you huh yeah that's not smart
no this kids grown up so much every
single day it's crazy
Noah is definitely my child because
we've been sitting here sharing this bag
of goldfish for the past five or ten
minutes and he loves them as much as I
do
I love crackers and I think he loves
crackers too
you like him I'm trying to teach him to
sign language for more like you tap your
fingers together oh my oh my what are
you doing sure we're getting there but
he sure he loves his goldfish huh and he
also took a couple steps by himself
today say I'm just like a let him go and
he like took a step and it was really
cute I think we need to restart this
video
whereas the mundo
Boothbay always a Cinco de Mayo and
we're celebrating with some burritos I
was like single a mile we gotta go get
some good burritos and that's what we're
doing right now John's got a sweet pork
quesadilla and we are today Brando como
vamos l√° Brad
remember people that kids even at 10
months old are very influential you want
to see what I'm talking about this is
what I'm talking about
I think he thinks that again
damn you're a terrible influence
oh yeah that's funny that funny yeah
it's so funny because he like wants to
talk right now as you can see but he
doesn't know words so he responds with
the grunts like right all right you kind
of understand this sometimes kind of
maybe he's like I just want to talk
my sister Christy was telling me on the
phone yesterday that I heard a little
one PIPA is starting to talk about
things
no he's not okay that's okay yeah yeah
yay for head-butting we're talking about
anyways do you say that PIPA is talking
about things that like memory she goes I
remember and she'll say something from
the time that she couldn't speak she
wasn't talking but she remembers it like
a good jack yeah I mean I I think that's
a good I like a good idea
let me live above above oh hey what are
we doing here
currently at Walmart just turn out in
can't eat some groceries in the toy
aisle
I wasn't I'll cuz I just what haven't
had some fun stuff it's like he only has
like a couple cars he likes you
explained with that little neighborhood
friends little car that like makes
noises they don't have me here looking
later huh buddy huh let's go dig em a
little bucket and pail it was like 90
cents because you did have fun like
flinging it in the dirt but your
birthday is coming up we'll get you some
quiz step for your birthday huh I don't
think it'd be easier just to have like a
little stroller I don't know don't feel
bad not using my extra stroller but it's
just so big sometimes like just to go to
park you know so there's something that
I want to start doing at the beginning
or end of every vlog I haven't really
decided yet I think it'd be fun to have
some participation from you guys so this
is what I think we should do at the
beginning of every vlog instead of me
being like good morning sweet world you
guys can say something like I'll make up
a name in this case I could be like
hello my name is John Smith and I am
from Kentucky good morning sweet world
yeah that's it what do you guys think
about like submitting clips of you guys
saying your name you have to say your
full name it could just be your first
name kind of where you're from you don't
have to give your address or anything
and then you could say something like
good morning sweet world or welcome to
today's vlog sanika vlog whatever you
guys you know get creative and then what
I do is put you guys saying that at the
beginning of every vlog it'd be cool if
I had one for each day a different one I
know that might be hard but what do you
think should we start doing that I was
thinking about maybe doing like the
whole like piece and then head about the
camera but that would be a little bit
more work so let's let's try doing this
why don't you guys start sending me
videos of you guys saying your name
where you're from good morning sweet
world or welcome to Samak of logs or
whatever you want and I'll put it at the
beginning
video the first person to send me one
today you'll be the beginning of the
video tomorrow I still have all your
clips of you guys dancing I need to get
the same wicked dance attack I also need
to finish editing Jenna's video which I
want to double it on Friday and we left
for Park City and I just didn't get it
done I'm in my little office right now
trying to get as much done as I can and
I think this would be a cool way to
start the vlogs out so email me at San
Marco vlogs at gmail.com a clip you can
use wetransfer send it to me on there
I'll put a link in the description that
you could use and yeah let's do this I
think it'd be a fun way to start it you
know I will seriously use every single
one that you guys send me like I'll just
you know each day try and have a new one
no one sends one that'll just be me
also if you speak another language or
you're in another country be cool if you
did it in that language it's a little
shorter vlog today but I hope you guys
enjoyed the footage I just can't get
over how much know it changes and grows
day by day it's just like sometimes he
wakes up and he's doing something
different and I was starting to like
copy us you can tell he's trying to
communicate there was like grunts and
words he doesn't speak English or any
language right now but he's starting to
kind of communicate with us and it's
amazing I'm so glad we're doing this
because I like going back and just
seeing the progression and I can't
believe it like Jen said in the vlog he
will be turning 1 year old in a month a
month and a half will have to throw a
nice little party my favorite thing that
I'm looking forward to is baking him a
little cake said he can just go crazy in
it because I think it's gonna be the
cutest thing ever
hope you guys had a wonderful day we
love you guys and we'll see you with the
long haul tomorrow
carrot if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood oh he was so little
look at him he was so little he kind of
came out big actually but he was really
little there also don't forget I've
started to include one year ago and the
inflate so you guys can go back and
watch exactly what was happening one
year ago especially if you're new today
is one year ago we're moving to our old
apartment we just graduated tomorrow's
the graduation video but it's crazy
Noah wasn't even born then huh there's
my dad
