hey guys it's friday woo yeah friday
Noah eating lunch Sam's working upstairs
we're getting packed up and ready to
take off to park city for a work event
yeah we're excited because again this
kid is really cranky today he went to
bed so late and then woke up really
early he's doing a little better huh mr.
Hyde everybody yeah oh excuse you say hi
hi everybody happy friday woo this kids
a happy camper oh you're watching Daniel
Tiger we just played outside for like an
hour straight I just waited until he
told me he was ready to cum inside you
Jeb Raymond before he wants to come in
so like I will just without here until
you're ready let me find it's like okay
I'm done and now we're just chillin
watchin a little Daniel tiger huh Ruiz
sitting cute
I can tell he needs a rest because he's
just sitting there he like doesn't even
like me your address so get a little
rest in huh y wsup peeps I have the best
wife moral that's been taken care of me
and taking care of the little man I just
have such I'm weak sauce I got sick
again I have this like little cold thing
it's just had me feelin all that blah
blah Noah's kind of got it to the right
now we're heading to park city I got
dejan in the driver's seat reason to be
a really fun weekend and we're competing
in this CrossFit event I wouldn't say
it's competing for me I'd say it's just
surviving especially held I'm sick I
just want to finish whatever it takes
Jen might do it Jen even for you do it
yet doing it I don't know
yeah don't you think Jensen do it oh
yeah don't do it I think Noah's should
do it to know me will tag team it so
heading down there right now a question
came up today that my friend asked me he
posted on Facebook in this little sports
group we have that we just talk about
whatever and here it is I don't ask you
guys the same question okay beautiful if
someone offered you the opportunity to
take ten half-court shots you make one
of them you get 10 million dollars if
you don't make any you go to prison for
five years would you take the
opportunity can you do it I hit a
half-court shot one and five he's you
took five shots oh ok I would take the
tip I think I'd make it one out of five
general would you take it I can't risk
that for having a child gosh see that's
one I would like of course I would do it
of course I would do it because I I'm
gonna do this without I'm gonna do this
without like the repercussions but I've
definitely made I think I can make in
five like for sure technique for sure 10
but then if i missed final being without
these peeps for five years my family I
don't know what do you guys think would
you do it do you think you could do it
would you take the 10 shots and go
that Milt are 10 million dollars overage
you turn it down let me know I'm
interested after further debate talking
and also looking at Twitter I've decided
that really wouldn't be worth the risk
even though I'd make the shot because I
think I'd be a little of myself cause in
prison for five years while these do
and growing and learning without me we
super sad does yeah what we're running
up that tomorrow you're running up the
ski jump right there from the Olympics
are you kidding me
oh my goodness that's where it is oh my
guys that's where they had the Olympics
and the ski jump and 2002 they've the
Olympics you can see the little thing
right there I wonder if this was part of
Olympic Village
who knows but I'm not ready to run up
that we made it to happen the funny part
is my great aunt has a cabin that's just
SAT with strength but of course right
now i'm watching the blackhawks game
currently four to three third-period got
my jersey on for a win tonight all right
here we go date on this secret to your
performance high performance of
everything you do I would drink this all
that kind of lot even though I'm still
crap up but there's not a lot pedialyte
you mix it with water though yeah it
tastes like syrup I'm dumb so here's
daehan's key to success and then here's
my key to success oh SI racha casey
brought two guys that's my man we have
these tacos over here a little pregame
meal before i die my last supper good
times Thank You Casey fish taco that's
pretty good luck I think it's a pretty
good way to go out did you guys this is
a good friend when they bring you see
racha yes those fish tacos though
and that's the only kind of fish tacos
you can eat now though at this point I'm
here I'm checking out in the button I
think yeah he needs a doozy of a cooking
channel does even cooking channel like
you've gone to the Food Network on big
time Rachael Ray yeah watch out rachael
ray this is exactly what the fish tacos
were like wakes up your taste buds with
fiery flavor amazing eventually did it
did it did it edited in it didn't
short vlog today unless the day was
spent resting and just getting ready for
this weekend I know tomorrow we'll
probably have a ton of footage so that's
something to look forward to hope you
guys are having a wonderful weekend
hopefully I don't die tomorrow love you
guys please I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good you better believe it I'm gonna
be happy I'm gonna be good get that
understood I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good you better believe it I'm gonna
be happy I'm gonna be good get that
understood ha he's eating tomatoes and
rock with a little cheese and
blueberries any already pound like a
pouch and a half a pouch
