my sister Christy started a tradition
years ago during Christmas I can't
remember how many years ago it was so
long ago and I will never forget how
funny I thought it was have you guys
seen those like JibJab
key cards that you can send and put your
faces in she sent us one of us dancing
as elves five years ago five years ago
well you remember that too oh yeah
that's right that's right
so Jen and I decided that we're gonna
make some for our moms right now hello
doing a feeling when I made for Grammy
so me and my mom we almost stands to
Ricky Martin song at our wedding and so
I made kind of like a salsa version for
her this is one of the best parts right
here funny I did the disco mama one
because my mom is a flower child she
thinks she's my mommy so that's why I
did this one
nobody is laughing me because I'm a mom
- yeah well I'm not gonna show you that
- Rosie we only like to team up with
cool peeps and JibJab sent us a link so
if you guys go ahead and click on that
you can go ahead and make your mom a
JibJab for Mother's Day you can send it
to her
listed on our Facebook they're pretty
funny I think that's a fun way to say
happy mother's day so go ahead click on
the link in the description you can make
one no and I are gonna make one for mom
later right buddy I'll let you pick it
i'ma let you point at the screen decide
which one okay
hey guys it's the afternoon Sam's really
not been feeling well and Noah's still
like super chopped nose and snotty mess
he's not feeling well and even I'm
feeling like kind of like cloudy brained
you know I feel like as a mom you're
just always tired for the rest of your
life right we're on our way to Salt Lake
cuz we gotta go clean out our old face
we've been a transition period you know
but our lease is up there and so we have
to go down and finish cleaning it
I want to guess to along everything's
basically moved out we gotta get rid of
a couple more things but it'll be fun to
see my cousin and who they'll maybe wow
that was really fast say I'm just got a
sandwich and he's already done Jimmy
John's so that's what we're doing we're
really tempted to not even go today
that's freaky fast Jimmy oh that's true
here we go back for one last hurrah and
our old apartment and for some reason I
am I'm not emotional but this is where
Noah was born so it's kind of like crazy
that we're not here funny and now look
at you you're a big boy 10 months old
this right here is where Noah crawled
for the first time right here are you
gonna crawl go get it go get it
good good oh my gosh oh my gosh he's
crying
he's calling oh my gosh you guys he just
crawled oh my gosh
here boo become good over here come over
here and get it come get it go get it
come on oh my gosh
so there's memories there's memories in
this place this is where we waited like
going back and watching our birth clog
it was like right here we're like all
right let's go do this you ready Jen's
like keeled over it here another one
between that but it's not as bad the
hospital see what happens hopefully they
keep us you know when you're in labor
that's for sure
you are you're not ill no no yeah let's
do it
you know just memories we have great
memories in this apartment and it's
weird to have this chapter officially
end I mean it feels like it's ended
because we moved but now that we're here
vacuuming doing final cleanups further
inspection it's just weird
like it's over like I thought this is
the coolest closet ever it's also really
dark in here compared to our new place
our new place has so much light the
first thing we said when we came in here
was like whoa it's kind of dark and this
it's how I finished my cleaning with him
on pit back because he's gonna be coming
ever asked a mop right now if I'm up
he's crawling up all over the ground all
that stuff is on his hands and that's in
aggress look at me I'm all sweaty and
gross and nasty we got really cute back
there why he's so funny so Sam just went
to get some Chipotle because you know
when we're nestled Salt Lake City this
tap tap will lay so weird like how empty
it isn't you know but it's been good it
was good we just took a little break and
went and visited with my cousin in my
aunt and now we're gonna eat dinner
bench cleaning and then be done and then
we're out of here forever dear we really
enjoyed our time here we did it's weird
that we're already gone
I'm in love with Chipotle
we are burrito for the whole family and
some rice and beans for the little guy
you just fell asleep in my back got food
you can resting in bed you did yeah
that's so cute no really likes this
thing but when he tries it out he just
flops over the side and tries to get out
himself
he's dude oh boy oh you say now Shawn
and Jordan here Shawn the back of his
head
I'm missing my Adri this is my dad's
sister I thought I heard you but I
thought it was just my imagination
Oh yours
she'll antenna Beto let me thank you sir
perfect
you up try to get it try to get it try
to get it no what's her food Oh step no
he loves sour it's because I like sour
thank you that way most babies are
always like you made a face keep looking
away every time doing anything yeah it's
me buddy
yeah ready mm-hmm
oh okay favorite memory in this
apartment having him of course well more
than just that like a specific memory
one of my favorite memories is having
absolutely no clue how to be a parent
ya know what to do this guy we had a lot
of night night meetings right here on
our bed smiles at the poop smells out
being like alright do we go in do we not
go in is he warm enough did he get
enough to grind
is he okay is he okay should he take
another nap I just loved learning
struggling crying
I don't know if I could I had lots of
grind that lots of guy all the growing
experiences that occurred but this guy
appreciate because this is where become
a family like three exactly what have
you so do you have a memory now that
I've given you a second
you learned to call here I was ruining
your favorite memories yeah that was fun
as I kind of freaked out you learn to
roll over here you learned to breathe
you breathe or you learn to talk yep and
we're learning to swim so we make
memories everywhere you go
so goodbye apartment our first apartment
as a family of three gonna say goodbye
it's been good
you served us well you're perfect for
the moment that we needed you
thank you apartment oh yeah we all
signed it a lot of likes you have been a
1 photo of me I love that view thank
goodness I wasn't here when they added a
dog park to the basketball court they
took half of it away
and you I love you I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you're
that understood I see you I see you I
see you I see a big boy up past his
bedtime
