one two three this is a football today
you guys are gonna enjoy it
Jed told me that she meant to talk about
the first clips but didn't the kids went
and saw the baby again
Noah actually held re for the first time
also I'm uploading two videos today so
there is this video of the vlog and also
a bonus video that I put a lot of time
into I would love it if you guys went
over in support of that and watched it
we did a little livestream the other day
where we talked about editing photos in
the go and I'm trying to make more
content like that on the side not to
replace the vlogs but to supplement them
so we'll be doing tons of different
things not just about technology but
that's something that we just made also
I'm doing a giveaway a Super NES these
are actually pretty hard to get all you
have to do is watch that video leave a
comment or comment something that you
want to see more of not on this video
but that video that if it's not up yet
it will be soon I'll have a link there
anyways comment on the video watch it
and I will be selecting someone from it
and giving this away I wanted to give
back to you guys for always supporting
us thank you so much enjoy today's vlog
and that video as well who are you
hoping I really think maybe re even
wanting to come holder huh can you feel
your bottles and change your poopies say
high BP oh hi you're so awake are you so
happy right now
here's asleep Noah do you know you held
sis like this when she was a baby was he
holding you want to hold her - yeah you
gotta wash your hands again though she's
staring at you you could be holding your
future wife oh you want to move my arm
you gotta hold her head we're starting
the day with some pumpkin painting the
colors - kind of turning into a gross
brown color the other green yeah that's
right daddy's not strong enough to open
that green well I could dude perfect it
is kinda like a dude perfect color huh
that turquoise it does look so pretty
doesn't it that's what he said it looks
so pretty oh my friend Kaitlyn and
Brandon raised enough money with their
little fundraiser to get a cuddle cot so
they donated that to a hospital their
hospital of choice and and now they're
almost able to donate a second cuddle
cot which will be really exciting so if
you haven't gotten a necklace or don't
either anything you want to go to her
blog freckle I fancy freckle I fancy
check out the details of a river
Instagram Katelyn Robbins yeah I'm
really excited for them so proud of them
you said check it out andrew is gonna be
coming back out sooner than later
I believe what are you gonna be for
Halloween Power Ranger who's gone from
ninja to PJ masks to now power under
they wear their costumes like like every
week all the time so it's not a big deal
to just like you know dress up so it's a
new Red Ranger he's literally obsessed
with Power Rangers right now and it's
pretty hilarious and I've seen more
power Angela never have seen my life I'm
going to show you guys a picture that
Sam just that to our group text with me
I get it okay Oh sneak peek to the vlog
you're probably you probably saw this
vlog but look at that picture oh my gosh
I'm really down for a little bit while
this kids painting
oh boy we've got a PJ masks now Garrett
the finished pumpkins they just turned
into like green blobs it looked like
wooly ghosts it looked like goblins
boogers
when pull outside it's really nice and
breezy today one thing I'm starting to
miss about Logan I really love being
here I think it's where we're supposed
to be it's great but I am starting to
miss my friends huh love my friends and
you too I do really miss them and just
being over the bag
hey tend to jump zone or like what babe
I know I miss his tail I mean like hey
Stace like let's go to the park in the
morning being like hey and the bounce is
live Tati you know just like having
things like really really close we go to
the parking lot here and we go on walks
and bike rides and stuff but like the
kid like places like jump tones and
stuff a little bit farther which is kind
of frustrating but yeah I remember
bouncing slide like we love those places
they were super affordable and great for
both of them both their ages they both
bounce that and jumps on had like places
for smaller kids and the places up here
just more expensive which kind of stinks
but they're great like they've got more
than other places have they're just more
expensive and there's not like a head
kid area we're stuck in there getting
used to everything it's still been
really fun we still go out to those
places and do those things but I'd like
planet more although I have made a few
great friends which is awesome and you
know think Monica like I hang off my
phone every day which is wonderful
because if I can't Monica I'd be like
okay dad the next morning how are you
good morning little sweet world
shake shake shake you can imagine shoes
today today's gonna be amazing you tie
for your game today I'm excited to have
fun of you what about you what about you
honor Pink Ranger nice you're Power
Ranger custom tell me about your power
ranger can see what's going on yeah is
it supposed to come today you've changed
your mind about what you want to be
following a couple times what about you
Anna you'll be honest for Halloween yeah
you really like you really like people
calling you honor last night huh and the
color of today as Noah said before is I
know he wants them yeah okay you're next
today we're we can just having fun yeah
not using that anyways we were throwing
that in there yeah this is probably the
most fun he has right now during
practice probably only time we'll see
him keep it ball
he has so much fun I'm glad he is
wondering this part I don't think he
likes the pressure of the games not bad
- we're having a little guys outing
where are we going that's a hockey baby
who are we gonna see play
I wish Jimmy Butler gonna see Patrick
Kane and Jonathan tapes and Brandon Saad
the Blackhawks go Hawks
we're in for the red team huh hey you
got the Blackhawks they were pretty
excited this is this will be they're
gonna be here twice I think this year
and I've seen about actually going in
February but the ticket prices dropped a
lot so I picked up some tickets and
we're gonna go to the game and have a
good time okay I know Jen's gonna go see
a ballet or she owned the beauty and
Jen's going to mommy's going to Beauty
and the Beast of the friend soon did you
know that and then we got to take sissy
to Peppa Pig is it a Power Ranger movie
uh oh you might be too young for that
yeah
okay well let's go if I didn't know
better I would say this is a home game
right now because all I see our
Blackhawks Jersey got a Blackhawks fan
right here let's go come on do it one
more time one more time okay and then
let someone else go okay let's see hit I
want to play this game so bad
around me into this
hey did Noah
we made it through our seats look at
these like five rows up this is what
happens when you forget a jacket you
gotta get the other teams apparel
luckily they gave it to us for like a
half off
middle up to the game they want to go on
that was fun that was fun we would yes
we had amazing seats for like a tenth of
the price that I would be to go to a
game in Chicago
a lot of fun let's get out of here for
two how was it first hockey game I liked
it a lot we made it back from the hockey
game got back kind of late it was like
10 o'clock
I talked with Jen got some stuff for us
for our dinner and meals today so I made
a mistake okay it's so it's been so hot
here
the weather has actually been pretty
nice is pretty nice yesterday is like
high of 80 something Oh would you get
peppa pig huh
you bought kisses anyways the weather's
Benina like really good or once we
parked at the stadium I was like oh my
goodness I forgot to bring Noah a jacket
or a sweatshirt or something to keep him
warm so I was like searching our car
sure enough there's nothing because it's
been worn so we went in the first period
he was actually doing pretty well and
then I could tell he was getting a
little bit cold because he was trying to
put his arms behind his back so it's
like are you cold are you cold you get a
hoodie or a blanket and we went got him
a hoodie of the opposing team
the home team because that's where we
were but he thinks well who's on your
hoodie let me see what is that a wolf
playing the drums at the game and when
we played the drums what would we yell
let's go marks huh
did you have fun at the hockey game yeah
Zamboni what was your favorite part of
the game the Zamboni did you like
watching him play too anyways when he's
around large amounts of people and noise
sometimes I wouldn't say it's
overwhelming but he and I just like
taking it all in
sounds like he enjoys you having fun and
then as soon as we left as soon as we
walked out the door he's like oh my
goodness that was so fun he's like
Elliot did you have fun I had fun and he
kept talking about the wolf the coyote
and just all the things that he saw and
how such a good time as we're pulling
out of the parking lot he's asleep but
Jen said this morning that's all you
could talk about
yeah talking about everything he ate and
the drum coyote and how he was just I
was so freezing I'm so free I won't come
home I swear sure yeah
overall a good experience first hockey
game maybe one two three so we have fun
what I mean you going on a date soon
okay I love you
you're gonna win mom's the best mom ever
