Hey what are you doing in here this is
known as new favorite place to play he
discovered that their stuff in the
drawers in the kitchen and even he
discovered that the pans are under the
freaking oven you want that little one
here and he knows that there's pans in
this one too
but he loves to pull everything out of
this Oh so far it only has two things
out but you know it's okay it's
controlled area I found with him pulling
everything out over there he's in good
spirits but he's still not feeling too
well
there's no the stuff so whoa where you
going no not by the trash can and that's
yucky bubbie let's check you if you
think it's spirits but he is still not
feeling well his nose is still really
crusty and yellow and gross I don't
think it's moving I think it's a cold
more so so that's why I'm not feeling
well either like when they both got last
time I didn't get it some reason I don't
get it again
I think it's Gordon's lunch
you've got potato so I tend to just give
Noah the leftovers from the night before
for lunch the next day if it was like
something he enjoyed and he was like
downing it look at he even even drop any
on the ground because he loved it so
much I think you like the broccoli even
more the second time he's so cute but
you just you totally got potato all up
in his hair
are you ready dance
we're day in baseball the White Sox and
Orioles are playing the first game
without anyone in the stands literally
zero fans I think I read that the
previous smallest attendance was six
fans at a major league game today zero
12 seconds lay down perfect day for a
little trip to the pool
stirred great will whoa
he's loving these little Mountain things
he put it right in his face do I get the
right angle it look like he's peeing hi
quick trip to the pool before naptime
how was it how was it did you enjoy it
yeah was it long enough I mean did you
want to stay longer
oh yeah well maybe we'll go after a nap
time to when we do pool again oh yeah
okay we tried to attempt to read stories
usually goes like this me reading to
myself well he takes the other books and
put some places he's still not a huge
fan but I've got to say I think dr.
Seuss is ABC's is one of my favorites
because it's just so fun although what
are that's called when it's like the
same letter in a row do you know that
like scissors ooh it's so fun I love it
I love this book and I'm trying to get
know to like books he still doesn't have
the attention span for it I don't
when kids like books at this age I'm
like that's amazing because this kid
he'll sit there for like a page or two
now maybe four if you're lucky but then
he's like I'm at here I'd rather chew on
them I'd rather play with them I'd
rather put my cut wow that is some
talent kid that is some talent right
there did you do that true try another
one she read another one what other one
do we have what's this one hop on pop
let's see favorite look okay ready
Oh oh boy up oh wait oh my gosh I've
never seen this page oh my gosh you guys
this is a crazy guys I had no idea this
page was here I found a new page in the
book oh my gosh
I literally have been reading read read
they call me read like as a first page
and this page just opened up
all thanks to Noah Wow look I like clean
this pages cool no a new page we haven't
seen up wait up pup pup is up cup pup
cup is up wait what popping Cup this
one's a hard one it's too advanced for
me dad dad dad that's behind you
oh not knows yes not knows who's got a
snot nose
you guys know I already got a tan line
today look at that you see it kind of
tan boy Oh Danny Boy I found another
sealed page oh my gosh how many other
pages am I missing oh my gosh there's
another one I haven't seen I have not
read this page there's another one let
me get to it let me get to it
oh another mystery okay
the entire time I've been reading this
book the pick it's called hop on pop and
I'm like this book doesn't have anything
about hopping on pop I found the page
about hopping on pop oh my gosh now I
need to search all my little dr. Seuss
books to see if I'm missing any pages
feel like such a dork this is awesome
it's time it's been time it's overdue
it's time to get ear cut good bye afro
see you again in another month and you
need some music over here
my ears oh hey there's my face again but
what do you think I look more like you
now think cyan if you're watching this I
like my haircut now you can kind of see
this tan line from one hour it's always
hard to get used to like a new york' oh
dude we can dance so we just want a
little post-dinner walk and I found out
that today is international dance thing
I know we can dance I think we better
dance
we're actually putting stuff on our
walls tonight no I've ever gonna be
there he's actually really good
where as buried wild very lemonade but
this here this here success I like that
it is looks good doing this by hand
actually this is the thing that we've
realized too is that Noah is only gonna
get taller
he's also standing up in the couch
cushions need to be enough leeway you
know mm-hmm well reach things and get
this framed in white white frame you
deal with that bit one listen like a
gold I was trying to find a frame just
now yeah where's that gonna go above the
TV alright so we also got these that
we're gonna hang up still working on the
frame so we're gonna put this up that's
where we were married then we got some
pictures that Jen took and developed
time ago film that's a cool one check
that out Jen take that and then that one
too I mean yeah you know and then we're
gonna put those up like right below
Wrigley Field so it'll be like Bam Bam
but we're probably gonna to raise
Wrigley we're gonna fill these walls up
that'll be cool we've lived here for a
month and we almost already have
everything up on the wall I think that's
pretty good compared to last time they
get tickets like eight nine months this
place will come together and it's gonna
be great
think we'll love it don't you yeah I
think once everything is that building
awesome we're gonna make that like a
huge just mural of stuff like the state
pictures that Jen did at watercolor and
then the funny part is we don't have any
pictures of us like at all so we're
gonna print those out maybe put those
over there too I wish you could point
the lights on to it it'd be cool that's
it for today guys once we get everything
hung up then we'll see you guys in the
house
I know it's been a while but I just want
everything to be looking nice spic and
span because then I got a walk in the
room he'd be like you know so welcome to
my crib all right we'll see you guys
tomorrow
love you peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood shout-out to Brooke
gave this to us at playlist live it's
hanging in our kitchen
