bleep weeks later
it sounded like you were saying car you
just said dad dad ingested a car it's to
where he's a car
he's been glued to his roll cars ever
since we bought them yesterday I think
there was a good idea look it he hasn't
even touched anything over here
hasn't even made a mess because he's
like you know I like my cars better I
don't make a mess because making a
messes only thing he found entertaining
when L snotty-nosed boy me not feeling
good today it's got a runny nose and I'm
not sure if it's from teething which I'm
hoping it from work is actually sick
because our friend's little girl has a
double ear infection right now and we
saw him this past weekend the Sam said
he woke up with a sore throat - so I
don't know I'm hoping hoping it's just
eating because he's - breaking through
that and I think and he's chewing on
everything
okay so this past weekend we were at Old
Navy there was this really really really
cute sandals I really wanted but I
didn't have my size and color I wanted
them online no Nanette Lepore but you
know I really like them now is what I
said because well maybe just doesn't
have any cute clothes right now like all
the dresses are too short and so take a
look at these they're really fun I'm
pretty sure Brit bought these in black
britain ole finite most ahead silver and
the black ones didn't really look good
on me they're like it was too much black
but the silver ones were so cute they
just didn't have my size I've never had
silver pair of sandals Hey thinker what
are you doing
this is currently Noah's favorite place
to play what are you doing
plastic bag
here we are at you my friend have
become a pro at these stairs you guys he
keeps wanting to go off the edge of this
like he keeps backing up like he's gonna
go downstairs cuz he wants to go off of
this so we're sticking with stairs
although he's not very happy with me
that's fine dad dad look who came you
join us at the park is that dad said dad
hey this is kinda hot right here though
we found a new park and it's pretty
sweet because everything is on Noah's
level like everything's low so you can
climb around go around all these
different obstacles and of course will
be here to supervise him but it's a
little more safe for him a little more
enjoyable
hey who's home this your house Noah oh
he lives a lot more than his own little
swing oh you know Hawaii maybe Hawaii
he's so cute
nothing sweet that was a cool Park I
think we'll be back yeah it's very I
don't know unique baby friendly fun the
only downside right now is that there's
a lot of bees and there's like jumping
spiders jumping on my leg that's kind of
stinks but maybe the bees will go away
it's a bee season right now on Sunday I
can feel my body telling me get ready
you might be getting sick last night my
throat was sort of itchy and then this
morning I woke up with a sore throat I
hate waking up with a sore throat cuz
it's just like a tease of what's to come
like get ready you gonna be sick and
like Jen said earlier no I had a runny
nose so this morning me and him when we
woke up were just like although he
doesn't really go back to bed
so I went to the store and bought some
Zicam because the one time that I caught
my cold early and did that actually it
lasted like a day or so so hopefully
it's the same with this I don't want to
be sick for this weekend when you don't
feel well doing just the little things
sometimes makes you feel so tired like I
was like
I've seen it'll set on the couch for a
minute and catch my breath and all we
did was go to the park reading some more
comments about the vlogs the past two
days some of you guys still feel like it
feels more staged now which is ironic
because that's completely what I don't
want it to be like I feel like sometimes
when you pick up the camera and talk
like this you know I watch some vlogs
and I'm like holy cow that seems so
staged to me and so I'm trying to make
it more natural by just placing the
camera and capturing moments that I
normally wouldn't film each day just the
little things in life that maybe I
normally miss so it's a work in progress
I guess I like experimenting and I'll
continue to evolve this is what we call
Piggly Wiggly we got daehan's Moms I
can't remember what these are called but
they're really good some potatoes it's
like some garlic parmesan potatoes and
steamed broccoli success its eating
broccoli yay I knew last time I
overcooked it and that's why he didn't
want to eat it but I'm so glad he wants
to eat it now he's even trying to get
the piece that fell down by his diaper
this is good guys he ate mixed
vegetables yesterday's are you okay do
you think up a bite and now he's loving
the broccoli yeah I need to cut them up
a little smaller I think you really like
this death hey baby wake him up a little
smaller there's no butter on it uh-huh
so Noah is already in bed he was just so
tired like he was like laying on my
chest and it was like the sweetest thing
ever and it made me so happy but also
really sad because he's really not
feeling very good
hopefully he sleeps better tonight but
there's one thing I need to tell you
guys about it's really exciting so a lot
of you guys know that my mom wrote a
children's book called there's something
sticky in my shoe that you can go on
Amazon well she wrote second one so this
is part of the series it kind of goes
together and it's really fun and cute
story it's actually based off of stories
about my sister this one's there's
something sticky in her shoe in the
loose school and my mom kind of short a
story about it about the experience and
then this one my sister actually made up
a superhero for Halloween last year and
my mom was like oh I love that so she
added that to the story so it's kind of
fun and it's about being kind to others
kind of how to deal with bullies the
right way which is kind of just like
being kind to them rather than being
mean back you know and it's a really
cute story and there's like really fun
pictures I won't do it all I won't show
you everything but look how cute you
know so if you guys are interested in
either one of my mom's cute little books
you can get them off of amazon.com or
Barnes and noble.com just search my
mom's name or the stories the story
tales there's something sticking in my
shoe or super to to the rescue it's
really exciting mom has always loved
reading and loved writing and so now
she's writing children's stories and
it's really fun and I'm excited for her
so if you guys would like to support her
or you think those books would be fun to
have or your kids would like them go
check them out
thanks guys love you mom this summer
will be the year of the parks water
parks national parks hiking parks
playground park
Noah loves all things parks he is
happiest when he can go out and explore
climb and do whatever much happier than
one he's just at home so we go to the
park at least once a day and that new
park is pretty sweet so we're happy that
we found it wrapping up today's vlog
there's a new end slate by Michael I
want to say struggle struggle that right
Struble struggle he is only 15 years old
he made her at last and slate he made
this end site - I love it it's awesome
so go check out his Twitter if you guys
want to follow him it's Michael
underscores trouble I'll type it right
here
I don't even ask me to do this stuff you
know it just makes me cool graphics cool
and slates and I really appreciate it
he's a super talented kid he's gonna go
places in life that's for sure my goal
for the vlog tomorrow and the vlog on
the same day that it was filmed because
this is the next day
Noah's drinking his water you want to
sign us out see you guys tomorrow love
ya
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
are you mr. gray oh I also know some the
comments lot of you were like why do you
guys call him Bobby say bubbie okay
bubbie Bobby we're not really Bobby now
we call you Bobby what's up Bobby
