good morning good morning it's great
sampling good morning good morning to
you ten-month-old what the ten-month-old
are you waving your timothy hmm dad my
mom said that all of us her kids started
walking at 10 months old so we expect
this month to be the month where this
guy drops us crazy ha ha ha you know
walk little skateboard dinosaur baby
spider went up the spout again
Wow you satisfied
tada and just like that were dressed
we're just were just so fresh to death
yeah today it's a day unlike any other
just kidding what's that song today
no is ten months old
you're ten month old bubby can you
believe it
I sure can't believe it ten month old
look at this 10 month old baby and I'm
going to be filming a 10 month update
video today hopefully why no I'm feeling
it this week I know for sure and I'm
gonna like make a schedule or else I
haven't uploaded videos so I'm gonna
make a schedule and have a day that I
upload videos but it's a little bit long
like that I always feel like he's like
going to get a haircut or something or
has a little cape on or a little shawl
or something yeah cute mister
our time is kind of spread out these
days I'm gonna start doing something
simple which I think will actually help
me get everything done it's quite simple
a to-do list first on the list by Noah a
car
hi
guys wanna know why we're buying NOAA
car because yesterday at church he's
acting crazy and then this little kid
was playing with some toy cars and Noah
went up and stole him
I felt bad but the kid was like oh no
you can play with my toys he was like
two three years old he shared him with
them and Noah was sliding him around was
he really exciting than like pushing
them yeah that's really cute so I think
he's graduated from the baby toys and
he's into like big kids or something mom
where are you going
everything about getting some hot wheels
but they might be a little too small for
him we don't want him to choke on it
he's very much attached to this little
truck already like watch if I take it
away he'll get really worked up these
are the cars we probably should be
getting him boring see say ball is life
say ball is life like frozen lemonade
hey hey okay
all right chick-fil-a because a lot of
my friends okay well one friend my
friend chubby isn't raving about the
frozen lemonade and I want one it says
Ross of lemonade Joe frost of the made
whatever give me it now
oh my gosh it's like a lemonade's it's
like a lemonade milkshake oh my gosh
it's like a Dole Whip but lemonade style
is so good Wow Wow mm-hmm frosted
lemonade so delicious still get chills
Dole Whip Wow look sad and it tastes
like a lemon creamsicle it's like a
doughnut here's a game which car will he
grab first the blue car
the monster truck over the little person
car Johnny think um the yellow one
yellow I'm gonna put them over there
which one which ones are gonna be mom
for the win what OH
one for each hand okay we both win I
didn't even say we tried I thought he
ran well I'm surprised isn't one with
the big wheels and we were think you
thought he likes these little cars you
said me yeah yeah there you go
monster truck okay I think you like
something
good how are you that yummy you did a
really good job feeding yourself mister
three minutes left down six not sure if
that Bulls will win tonight I get really
worked up during sports games probably
too worked up I was like seriously mad
and frustrated for a good hour tonight
when the Bulls lost Genesis that put up
with that I don't like become in a bad
mood yeah actually I'm less annoyed
since having a kid Noah he puts
everything more in perspective like
things that are important in life back
when sports were like oh man
sports your life then I'd get really
frustrated and then you see stuff like
this on TV and they're like why am I
even getting super mad about this game
although I am kind of still mad we
didn't win but we'll win Thursday
Thursday now we got two chances Oh put
him away we'll put them away now I need
to go run and work out I think I'm gonna
do ball night tomorrow night I just need
to get my body moving ready for this
race slash event competition this
weekend I just want to survive I want to
blend in I don't need to shine I just
need to live I need to live then it's
gonna be a really fun weekend though
late there's two treadmills in here I'm
usually on this one but I've realized
how much of a hazard that is that's like
right behind the treadmill so if you're
going really fast and you slipped you
would fly straight into that I have a
little bit more leeway here but still
kind of dangerous really though look at
that like that's basically my foot in
between that
I usually run to music but today I ran
to blogs it was a different kind of
motivation usually I like pump up songs
that will push me this is just kind of
entertaining yes Bobby dates dance baby
dance there's bourbon dance this is the
end of today's vlog thank you for your
feedback about yesterday's vlog wait
how'd you get that chocolate out Oh in
the candy oh my goodness the past two
balls I've edited slightly differently
we've filmed a little bit differently
I've been putting the camera down and
killing for like a long period of time
and then I go and see my reaction I'm
like wow you're such a goober some of
you guys feel like it's more scripted in
a way I don't know I'm trying not to
really make it scripted sometimes I'll
grab a shot after something happened for
example like today chick-fil-a Jen said
something about the frozen lemonade and
I corrected her and then I filmed like
that little piece afterwards it's just
like more fun for me to edit that way
and I feel like it kind of sets up the
scene better eating chocolate what's
going on he's not feeling good deserve a
treat anyways you guys don't really care
about what I'm saying anyways this is
what matters in life no eating this cute
little kid okay he's gonna bite it off
Edie you didn't and you you're the best
man I guess that's it for today we love
you we'll see you tomorrow
have a wonderful what's today gonna be
when you watch this Tuesday maybe
Wednesday
soon I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be
good you better believe it I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good
you better understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
okay iPhone charger inactively crazy
back in there really yeah we got to get
you a basketball hoop right
