ah miss you wait oh I did it's really
you know who are you are you distracted
I'm going don't you oh I remember you
you or that Sonny said that will tie huh
it is you if you don't look as I say
yeah I see you daddy eighth you hey
Debbie see
by myself keep me grandma shine for my
girls
shorter
my son I
sure I
me
back from church church is forever
different now because I spend most of it
chasing Noah he's a crowd pleaser
sometimes he likes to please you know
hey what's up everybody I know i'ma call
around see how to use they had to use
they how to you try and grab your purse
and your person your coat in your papers
and keeps us on our toes so that's why
church is different because we're
chasing them around and it's just a
matter of time before you start walking
and running around and that will just be
even more fun but today was a good day
at church oh
juiced up his face
have you got in there by four this is
mom baba you saw one in there yeah oh
boy oh boy oh boy
we've got a date the bikes are gonna
dance the by top what that how about
these toys get over here are you guilty
or if someone else guilty of throwing
all these toys over here huh right how
do you know the mess come from the mess
area to the mover you guys have their
toys open it I'm sure okay can your son
let's get ready throw that one throw it
it's a mystery a mystery yo when we are
the world we are the children that's a
child right there we are the ones who
make a brighter day so let's keep live
in family
hey hey yo hey yo fam occur what's up
fam akka I'm glad my man he's a lot
hipper than me you kids these days in
your hip eNOS say something I'll back
you up with height jar be charged in the
building what don't we are here and now
back to what you really want to see the
baby now back to me back to him eating
raw almonds hey damn that's a wrap yeah
this is the best place that no could be
right now because he is almost an
unlimited supply of shirts in there to
pull out and he's loving it he the shirt
pit some of a ball pit you got a shirt
pit yeah good idea damn yeah majestic
that's amazing
you have to watch out because this can
easily end up like this it's super easy
to eat like an entire bag of Doritos not
even knowing it I'm just watching his Oh
Ella documentary and also a lot of Lexi
Walker videos she's like the most
amazing singer in the entire world
honestly go check her out because she
could did little bit on the edge Jenica
just went upstairs because no has been
having like bad dreams tonight he was
kind of letting out little cries so
she's gonna go comfort him give him a
hug let me know he's okay in today's day
and age we rely on our computers social
media and various things like that to
stay connected with our friends and also
just to remember certain things about
them for example birthdays my birthday's
in two weeks but I'm thinking about
changing my birthday on social media
specifically facebook to me 11th a day
after my birthday I want to see who
actually remembers when my birthday is
it's kind of mean but i also think it'd
be kind of funny like everyone wishing
me a happy birthday the day after when
it's not my birthday anymore however my
birthday falls on Mother's Day so since
this Mother's Day is even more special
to me since a Merry to mother I think
I'm gonna move my birthday back a day
and celebrated on monday anyways I guess
I will work but we'll see if anyone
actually posts happy birthday on my real
birthday I continue to live on the edge
SI r % how's that even possible I
thought you wanted to move the bed
because of spiders I do I like having
the lindo mehendi but there's too many
spiders thus ends today's somewhat
experimental vlog which will continue to
experiment with in the future I use if
you liked it car continued babe continue
beautiful hello handsome before and last
night i binge-watched the nav knowles
their vlogs and I think Austin used to
always film on his DSLR awesome you
crazy for that one I'll see you got some
good hair goin oh I never I don't know
about that before Jenna and I started
vlogging I used to carry a DSLR around
feel like almost every day and we shoot
fun little videos on that it wasn't
really like talking like this though
just sounds music and clips I think a
new vlogging style for me will develop I
know Tyler's working on one I'm gonna
try and develop my own little thing and
this is just the beginning I definitely
won't be filming on a DSLR all day this
is just to end it good kind of it's kind
of different well that's a little too
close maybe I should always feel my eyes
to close anyways I'm excited to try a
couple new things out love you base oh I
have to head but the mic can reach if
you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy
imma be good you that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you're that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it
