good morning sweet world Noah you still
tired it's a little sleepy this morning
Jen's doing her mommy and me hang out
I'm gonna go spy on her it's about to
start in about 20 minutes i'm just gonna
film through the door i usually never
wear ugly yeah why not it's funny
because anyone watching right now
they'll just see like the top half of
gin which is dry stuff but you still
wearing a pj pants that was pretty funny
like those people that do interviews on
skype and they're just wearing like
short instead of a full suit
okay so i just finished a little baby
league google hangout talking about
sleep environment and it was actually
really fun I was kind of nervous because
I was like oh shoot like these are like
really experienced mom's a sleep expert
and stuff those so but it was actually
really good because I learned a lot as
well and if you guys missed it go
subscribe to baby League and you can go
watch it again cuz it's just gonna be on
the channel for ever oh my gosh that my
lighting was not doing me justice I feel
like oh gosh have a like one right now
mmm like I look like a vampire in the
video I'm like really really pale in it
for some reason the camera was making me
super pale a portion but I was like oh
dang I was just like staring like I look
like a vampire right now it was really
fun i'm so glad i was able to do it and
i would love to do that again i was
awesome really fun to just chat with
people who are in different stages of
mommyhood you know what I mean all right
I oh yeah I feel like I'm going to like
prom or something hey let's go to prom
I'll let's make a bond I must say my
eyebrows do look quite good right now oh
wait so you're not going to sleep you're
creating a fork looks to me like that's
just an excuse to go sleep welcome
welcome to the fort all right welcome to
zoo it's about nap time for all of us no
for Noah and we're building a fort maybe
they'll take a nap inside the port no
I'm taking nap inside the fort mr.
cameraman you can't see you know where'd
you go right there no I mean can either
wearing camo Oh what in the world is
going on
Hey oh I see what this force really for
it's not for knowing asleep it's weird
Sam to sleep Bubba let's say let's go
both let's go both let's go bulls let's
go boom let's see the back your jersey
oh dude you're gonna bring us some good
luck tonight is a big night because the
bowls are up three games to 0 I
predicted them to sweep the series then
when tonight bucks are done balls go to
the next round but the Blackhawks win
tonight they're going to the next round
two and they're up 3 to 2 in this games
in Chicago so it's I wouldn't say it's a
must win for them but they got to get it
done tonight so we're rooting on our
teams I'm wearing the Blackhawks Noah's
got his bulls jersey on we're ready to
roll we both have what could be
considered lucky socks i'm not sure if
these are lucky yet knows got his
michigan state socks on which have been
very lucky over bowl sees me he doesn't
quite understand the magnitude of this
game yet it's just kind of like chillin
over there oh look what I found you guys
do you think they'll be it uh well not
as good substitution but a substitution
for my trader joes what are they called
puffs wha not good no really good uh-huh
he's like just the same oh yeah baby hey
guys you're on our way to our friend
Joanie's a little birthday dinner that's
Sam's very into his basketball game and
bowls are gonna win and we're gonna eat
some system wave it wasn't right now and
no one's really tired but he's really
cute in his little jerseys don't know
what hey Noah hi baby taking a tired boy
out to dinner this should be fun but if
this blurt witness yes smile you e to
the head till two
let's clap clap your hands bat bat clap
your hands how was dinner oh you want
some more green beans yeah we're eating
raisins Oklahoma he'll eat them is that
the end of it overtime overtime
sneaking inside the restaurant you got
you girl oh you should have hit him hit
them with that shot it's kind of dark
you can't probably see me too well I'm
in the car driving there's something
incredibly relaxing to me about the
sound of rain especially at night and
especially when I don't have to drive
through it and it's like really coming
down hard I love going home when its
rainy night time and just sitting there
and just enjoying the night it makes me
feel like it's like a comfort sound
thunderstorms are that way to me too
sometimes if it's not too close we don't
have a lot of storms like that out here
in Utah really doesn't rain that much
either so this is just like peaceful to
me anyone else well that way Sports
update it was an intense day my Bulls
lost with one point four seconds left
we'll just have to do a gentleman sweep
over the bucks on Monday the Blackhawks
won it was an amazing game but we're
losing by ton came back kind of like
Game one and we're going on to the next
round and I am so excited and I feel
like every time I wear my jersey we went
mad a distinct set but I honestly like
can't remember a time where I was
wearing this and we didn't so I think
it's pretty lucky it's probably the
nacho stain that I got on it from the
game this year
one thing that I'd like to start doing
and i think i'm going to start this
upcoming week is posting the vlog from a
year ago today because we've been doing
this for over a year and I just went
back and watched the vlog from a year
ago and I was wearing the black hawks
jersey i also had better the camera
really hard what's up YouTube fam I
don't know if you can see it but I
actually got like a dent in my head
yesterday from hitting my head on my
camera oh well uh uh Sammy yeah Sam's
home now his presentation went great
Nick look at that like put this business
man
dark that what were you did your head
yeah that's what I was harry potter jen
essence told me that I'm not supposed to
head but the camera again sometimes I
get very upset I get in head-butting
camera time out and i'm currently in it
right now that's yesterday it was just
like a little little tail out head but
ever again I won't be so mad at him all
you're allowed to do is it's a fake I
might have to get a camera old camera
just solely for head-butting alright
that's fine but head betting the cell
phone what do you mean I don't know like
this yeah you just did that that's fine
yeah just not this camera okay well
tomorrow I'm gonna try a new style kind
of a flogging I'm gonna switch it up it
might not even be that different to you
but I'm gonna try a couple new different
things just to mix it up throw it in
here and there every other day maybe
every day you never know you'll never
know what to expect change in it that's
keeping things fresh Jim this is really
comfy yes a week in with the couch I can
say that it is incredibly because only
in a week yeah Wow made me want to take
naps I feel very relaxed I'm happy that
we waited a month didn't sell yeah very
tempted to settle but we got a good
couch good counter I'm grateful we have
a good coach this is the coolest ketchup
ever had I know we waited four years for
this you did yeah love you guys see you
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow I love ya
garrett if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it it's only a day away
