alright I'm in the doghouse I just woke
up on the couch Jen made me sleep it Jen
made me sleep at Ellie and Jared's last
night day 81 now we just had a wonderful
breakfast
what was that biscuit and gravy great
and there's a recipe whoa slow down
turbo
hey there's a recipe for that isn't
there
yeah so go check that out it was
actually really I usually don't
I'm not a breakfast person I usually
don't like wait now that prepared for it
but it was delicious this emoji and then
whistle energy BAM got him yeah it's
okay I know I'm gonna start doing that I
got breakfast in the dog house is
awesome yeah do that again that wasn't
recording now it's recording and the
narrator it's been really cute watching
in like pick out one string of spaghetti
and try to get it in his mouth oh that's
a bigger bite good job and normally I
feed him because I don't like mess oh
he's doing really good right now you're
doing good feeding yourself that big
bowl of spaghetti I think he just likes
touching it ah and yes I have realized
that I always felt when he plunge but
it's just so cute come on come on people
can you not look at look how cute that
is
you guys you just pick that spoon up by
himself and put it into the bowl and it
was so cute now put in you get your food
put it in the bowl
you did the right end the first time
okay it's so you
I'm really not in the doghouse maybe my
hair will put me in the doghouse but I'm
back home with my little boy we're
matching today we both have blue on and
Noah and Jen were there with me just
because know it takes a nap then he
usually takes a really long nap in the
morning so all right bud
so you couldn't play with your friend
daddy
hey where's mama where's mama he looked
at you he looked at you you said where's
mom and he looked at you you say where
it's dad and he looked mean
Noah's foot officially fits in big shoes
more than like better than the new baby
shoes well they're a little they're like
beige yes it's right now right now he's
just distracted Sam I know we're both
napping so I decided to take a little me
time and come to a little shop that's
nearby I'm really excited because they
had some stuff online that I really
liked but I'm terrible online shopper I
really am because I just never know if
it look it's gonna look at it and I hate
the process if I wouldn't return things
so I decided to come and see if the tops
are here and just have a little shopping
alone Jen time because there was a very
hard shop with these days now that he's
mobile and people's everything off
shelves and wants to touch everything so
it's kind of challenging it's kind of
fun to be able to come back and actually
look through the shop so I'm excited
I understand my wife's name store
oh I should have known this was gonna
happen oh well and fun this kid
seriously just learned how to climb all
the way up these little stairs and then
come all the way back down like he knows
that he has to turn around and put his
feet first now it's so you just keep
going up and down up and down up and
down
now you just play with some sticks kids
are so funny it's so fun to watch them
explore and like things just having a
ball just playing with sticks like he's
having the best time playing with
woodchips right now
chocolate bum
he's sitting like such a big boy toes
first feet first buddy feet first turn
turn turn around
no okay all right yeah that was a close
one if I look tired it's because I just
took my first nap in a long long time I
haven't taken a nap and I can't remember
last time I take a nap
that's theirs again there's been a
reoccurring theme today that is that
Noah has started to say Dada
like he looks at me and he says dad
he'll start to kind of repeat things we
say but not too much but he knows that
I'm dad
originally he had said mama first like
back in the day be like mama it was kind
of maybe an accident the ironic part is
that he should be saying mom first
because gende
is the best parent she really is she is
the best pain I don't deserve to get dad
first I'm going to show you guys but
this is happening ready for this
hi okay but you know what he was
standing here when you were upstairs
when in the bathroom and every time I
said mama he would give me a kiss so at
least that's something right and then he
gave me a cuddle he wouldn't say but he
I think he knows why he's been seriously
today when I woke up from my nap he goes
dad like curling all over it lay down
and go back to sleep and see you feel
ready it filled it here who is that well
you should've recorded at women in
progress we will get it for you I
promise you that it's happening and he
says it very loud yes dad I don't have a
kitchen band 101 with Noah all right
here we go it's the worst when these end
I just want to keep this running so
everyone that's been here hanging out
with me as I get the vlog uploaded
can say hi I promise you have the camera
out guys see it what's up guys this is
one of the highlights of my day we've
done these a lot of quick practice cups
and talking to guys it makes everything
more real in life almost sounds like I'm
about to cry but I just anyways good
times yawns are contagious cuz people
probably just joined after they say you
yawning the past two days him I wouldn't
say they've been that eventful we've
just been doing a lot of little side
jobs still don't have Noah saying dad on
the camera though I guarantee we will
get that I promise you that one of these
days now let's get mama first he said
that already awhile ago now he's a he's
moved on okay fine
you changed one poopy benefit well
you'll just have to watch this vlog
because I spoke very highly of you so
take that back missus you can still
change my diapers that's true so I have
been thinking lately and I've got kind
of been switching up the intro and doing
different things of the vlogs I'm
feeling more inspired to change my
vlogging style every single day
haven't really done that yet sometimes I
don't watch other vloggers because I
don't want to copy them like I really
don't by hanging out with Tyler we were
able to bounce things off of each other
like hey what do you think of this what
do you think of that what do you think
of this what do you think of that it's
fun to be around someone else that
thinks the same way as you about many
different things sometimes Jen's like
Heather so someone we're able to be
completely sarcastic with each other
without offending the other we're also
able to criticize each other without
offending the other we're able to do a
lot without offending the other which is
amazing what was it chemistry no it's
just it's a great relationship and it's
inspiring
I like surrounding myself with positive
people that will also tell you the truth
but also inspiring everybody yeah I love
it people that are about thinking
outside the box doing things that are
different even if it's not the popular
thing so I don't know if any of that
made sense but I'm gonna start changing
things up it might not happen tomorrow
but I want blogs to be different I want
it to be that you can expect certain
things and you come and watch a vlog you
can expect us to be in it and Noah but
sometimes you might not know what the
style is gonna be like the mystery
no I it's hard to really explain how I'm
feeling
that's the bet I'm gonna try a couple
new things and I know when we first
started going when I had more time to
edit and not have a little baby running
around you know I was able to do a
little bit like that you'll see what I'm
saying
I'm excited to see I'm curious is that
cool no I just like it's good to keep
things fresh keeps me on my toes and
lets me have more fun when I'm editing
as well there's no more of making fun of
Jenna just going that's all it is that's
not it's not making fun of the driving
you uh-oh
for the way you feel why what no I love
everything about you that's good right
yeah all right here is happy rambling
man bling tomorrow no yeah peace oh dang
it - okay we'll know step Jen doesn't
know step side yeah buds
if you choose soon I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
