bye wave bye bye say bye bye Taylor but
I letting it double ways to waves yay we
had so much higher
well sanika ferrika sama cafe mocha
until next time this is tribe Tyler
saying have a good one ha
or didn't hear nothing like a little bit
arrayed show how we really feel about
that
wait laughing at mr. Carlton
Carl Fresh Prince of bel-air
boy is wrapped around her neck dad your
dad
hey everybody and yeah we haven't filmed
very much today we dropped nuh Noah we
didn't drop no off we were dropped Tyler
off at the airport what you guys saw and
you know i have just been hanging out
he's been teething pretty bad today I
just like woke up like screaming like he
woke up like freaking out i don't know
if it was his teeth or like a night
terror or what but he woke up crying
really bad and did not want to go back
to sleep i tried though I tried to get
him to go back to sleep but it wasn't
happening so we'll see how swim goes
today I want you guys to see his front
tooth that's coming in it it looks so
big do L babies front teeth look really
big when they come in and kind of like
look smaller once they're out because
his front tooth looks ginormous let's
see if you let us ship let it you see oh
no hey Casey your front tooth can I see
your tooth is coming in babe no I don't
try know what maybe you guys can kind of
see that right it just looks so big
let's look a girl up to goodness ready
teeth you see that I good as well I just
like literally I could just watch him
all day and I do usually he's just how
or he has an imagination it's like what
are these things he's so curious about
everything and also just wants to stick
it all in his mouth too also I don't
want you guys to think that you just
stick to it and plays with these things
all day I know that tell kids like can
hurt themselves I this is literally the
first time I've ever let him play with
these things but you seem super bites
you know like I'm not just like leaving
him here by himself to choke or anything
ha let's get together yeah yeah yeah I
have the coolest job in the world do you
guys want to know why because I get to
teach a little guy about things in life
like this Noah that's a ball you throw
it you throw it oh not behind you that's
a baseball don't throw it anything
valuable oh dude you keep throwing it
behind you throw for words no not like
that towards me nice
mom won't like us playing with this in
the house that could bake something did
you gotta stop throwing it behind you
how cool is that though that I am the
one that gets to introduce all of these
things him like this is a ball you've no
clue about that until now and then I can
teach him how to do on these different
things someday we'll be we'll play catch
yeah alright now throw it oh dude you
keep throwing it behind you like it you
see like this forwards whoop he's
running for first throw him out throw
him out thermo oh nice throw man nice
did ya get through I love sports and I
don't want to jinx anything but every
time I've got into basketball football
soccer ball baseball out he's gotten
really excited and picked it up and
tried to like throw it dribble it and do
something with it so that's kind of cool
nice also I think he's right-handed for
a while we thought you might be
left-handed but so far looks like he
might be a righty picking it up with the
left thrown it with the right she's
throwing it like three inches I'm a
proud dad
we love you very much what I'm my party
people so for the majority of today well
actually no for the majority of the
night because no hardly nap today that
Fred tooth man turton him and these ones
are coming in right now oh it's a
nightmare the majority of the night I've
been working on editing my foot the
photos for the tricks and website and
I'm just gonna give you guys a little
sneak peak until you know go check out
the website you see my work up there um
this is just like studio product stuff
it's not like creative and like
different you know it's straight product
but look at this petite one of you not
able to see it very well but there's a
lot of and of course legs not right
because it's through another camera from
another screen but stuff to look out for
I I redid some of the old product stuff
just to have everything like more
uniform and then shot some of the new
designs a little sneaky sneak a little
sneaky sneak peek of something new
coming out but yeah it's kind of fun
also you guys should go check out tribe
Tyler's latest video imma be happy ah
this this guy does this really isn't
that fun cuz my eye could see you guys
in a long time I we actually we've hung
out a lot just this year already we've
already looked kind of three times this
year it's really good it makes me really
sad that he's gone and that what Haley
never got to come out this time and um
he put a lot of fun punch in there from
our whole week that we spent together
and you can also see how no is during a
ha no really is during diaper changes
and stuff like that yes there's a clip
of us changing his poopy diaper in the
car before dinner and he is screaming
but it was a really good video to go
check them out and secret message to
Haley my love i miss you see you soon my
friend so there was a lot of talking in
this vlog just kind of hanging out we're
trying to get caught up in our lives we
do a lot of things that we probably
don't record i know some people like are
not
fan of all the tricks and stuff too but
that's become a big part of our life
because her job we are the creative team
right here and it's been a lot of fun to
work together yeah I'm really proud of
jen and her steps as a photographer
you're learning and growing oh you are
that's really cool I think it's amazing
that you're able to be such an amazing
mom and yet also develop these skills
that you've worked on it's cool you're
nice I'm proud of you number one fan so
today is kind of a little bit different
but this weekend this weekend guys
saturday Saturday I'm doing a google
hangout chat on baby League it was
sewing to the actual like hang out yes
don't even click it and it will take you
to where we're having to hang out on
Saturday and we're discussing babies
sleep environment so which is actually
something that i wouldn't say we've
become good at but no but we have had a
lot of trial later right so i won't be
there it'll just be Jen and three other
women and it's a nine o'clock mountain
standard time ten central 11 eastern go
okay okay eight o'clock should be
nervous just because kind of its live
yeah it's like an hour-long hang out so
you guys can go ask any questions to Jen
you can type a min she'll see them all
she'll be sitting there chatting and
it'll be a lot of fun this is kind of
like the first time you've done with us
yeah I'm scared I don't I'm bad I'm not
always the best talking to adult like
Pete other adults people turned out of
the people i'm not good at talk having
like conversate like that type of
conversation yeah well you just do
yourself we'll see how it works the
other thing is is that that baseball
video that we worked on um there's a
couple of them that are out and you can
see one of them on shaycarl channel the
other one is on the tricks and channel
and it's one that Tyler put a ton of
time into
I was sitting here watching him fall
asleep remember those times when I'm
filming him when he's like falling
asleep he was editing so you guys should
go check that out it's a lot of fun
there is no isn't it shenzhen it i'm in
it you'll recognize a lot of people's
faces snapchat Tyler he's like in the
beginning of the beyond the scenes yeah
it was just cool all around I think
you'll enjoy it so that's it for today a
lot of talking and and now for more
attacking not some more talking tomorrow
is a new day and we're excited it's a
new day it's a new dawn it's a new leg
and we're feeling good see you tomorrow
love you hey if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it let's see what's here what's
your smile face like if someone's like
cheese oh ok I guarantee I'm gonna see a
tree to that
