I just want to let you guys all know
that dreams do come true do as in
Mountain Dew mountain dew sent me a
direct message this morning they said
hey Sam thanks for being an awesome fan
we have a surprise for you we'd love to
send you some free swag if you're
interested all I need is your mailing
address this was all because they saw
want my pictures that I tweeted out how
awesome is that over time the miracle
worker like Iceland triple OT I miss you
today hey mister i miss do they come
okay thank you stinky bedtime breath
baby so stinky breath once I start
eating real foods they're like grown-ups
oh you dick huh nobody don't owe me made
a face oh good news this kid starting to
like green beans a little bit so nice
out today so I figured one more time
let's go outside because it's just so
nice and he loves it dejan thinks know
as we were walking in two weeks I think
more like three three weeks three or
four weeks Sam he didn't say and tired
and say but what do you guys think when
do you think knows me walking and now
he's doing a little boo Jake I don't
know we'll see but you guys think I can
kill me walking oh yeah what's up it's
dollar hot dog day at sonic so we gotta
try them we're just gonna you know do
some samples we might not eat the whole
thing but how can you pass up on a good
looking dog I can't even see him
for a dollar am i right we're really
partaking in a lot of fast food that
means you have to work out extra hard I
put extra work in the gym all right we
got the New York dog Chicago dog and the
bacon cheese pretzel dog oh boy over
here we got the chili cheese dog the New
York dog and the pretzel bacon g-dog and
the chili cheese dots and the top and
the price and the baby holding on to my
leg I'm gonna change change yep horsey
good beat and I see the dynamics of this
family never cease to amaze before here
hold on okay baby let's go boys go ready
mmm yah yah horsey giddyup horsey let's
copy is our last hurrah dinner before
Tyler hits at attend
so we took them to Noah's favorite place
to eat no what's your favorite place to
eat
yep you know why because right here I
can get this right let me pull down the
lever ice cream I want to hijack the
video for a second just to say how how
well these two have treated me
and every time I come visit you guys to
take care of me so anytime I live
somewhere you're always welcome since
that you actually come yes you come down
the techie you guys should be a lot of
fun this guy took me out for dinner my
last night here that was not your place
man isn't a right guy don't let
eight-way tie you guys different culture
and not to mention that we are matching
shirts twinsies my life I know I'm most
worried is to actually make a little
baby onesies maybe I'll make now is the
specific yeah a special order last night
from the festival's oh you like the turd
she's like soon oh my
Paul good job
Scotty Jim Yong oh my gosh oh don't drop
it he's made a pit
look at flow having fun
oh the funniest machine in the whole gym
that look like a crazy man date night at
the gym we got a babysitter in same
stripe Tyler he's babysitting so our
date was us going to the gym to work out
cuz we both needed to do something run
let's see that no I'm so we hurry now I
knew the gym or tran two and a half
miles an hour lifting weights Jen did
the elliptical now she's doing craziness
and what a perfect date no we're gonna
have to break away and do some more
dates soon we've been to a movie in like
forever what was the last movie that we
saw in theaters
no although I never thought movies are
the best date because you just go you
don't even talk to each other like we're
like talking spending good quality time
together although movies are awesome I
just don't think it's like the most
ideal date mainly if you're trying to
get to know some I better we know each
other pretty well
whatever so like
thank you that's quite the workout
I'll get I you do it babe it's really
happy
to Noah's it's the eve of tribe Tyler's
departure which means we should make the
semen rolls from the last time I see ya
not this time but the last time this is
this do you have any uh Pam no really
pam pam pam are you sure no my gosh if
you're cooking anything Pam five
computers sweet continue looking you
sweetie pie cookies you don't make them
playback or we doing what kinda don't
mean fam so that's what's happening
right now we're gonna watch the latest
episode of Survivor spoiler alert if you
watch survivor last episode Joe got
kicked off not with my dude now I
honestly feel like there's no one on the
show that I even want to work force Joe
is my dude hey it was your favorite
person on Survivor this season Joe dang
it exactly how's your beer but so is
your favorite books like none what what
was funny was there was a heylia Tyler
in a gin on the season and people
thought I was looked like Joe even
though I really didn't like too much
like Joe you've shaved oh you did shave
what did that taste like two days ago
yes yes I did her yesterday no I did not
I see you see it we roll back the clips
i did not have facial hair yesterday
yeah oh I know the pictures I looked at
you took me I look like I'm in eighth
grade yeah I just taking a facial hair
oh man look at you ooh yummy like how
fast i dunno i would never you're
becoming a man
family gone through puberty what's funny
is when Haley watches this she's gonna
be like yep that's definitely Tyler what
are you knee in the united kingdom oh
you're not going there your aha I'm
avoiding uniting them strictly for the
dietary reasons we're uni in Europe
whatever comes my way I mean to branch
out I really will so this is tribe
Tyler's diet formula seriously well
cinnamon rolls look baha blast and
frosted flakes I'm in the environment
all this premium one of any environment
I adapt like I'm survivor what would you
add survivor i think i can do survivor
dead serious i feel like i probably
could do that hey be cool to be on
Survivor just cuz I want to get a
cheeseburger after having I eating a
cheeseburger for like a month or he's
not right here no because oh and I never
get sick after they eat real food but a
lot of times they eat candy which is
yeah like that's gonna come on can you
get me a bottle of C wrapped up last
night in town cheers Cheers baha blast
all around it rhymes Oh chopped out a
movement hashtag party tribe thanks for
watching everybody go have a date night
in the gym and stay yeah we gotta
go on somewhere any dates yeah but just
our gym although we do need gym time
yeah we got going a real date take me to
dinner for me to dinner I'd love to I'll
make you dinner taking it in there ever
you want but mine is baby we need a date
without the baby although we do love him
when you don't love it we always miss
him go on dates when we miss him but
we'll do some more date nights very soon
love you guys see you tomorrow thanks
bye
if you choose ooh I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you're
that understood I'm gonna be happy imma
be good you better believe anything
snacks in the couch well that's what
sounds like no big baby weight we ate
too much today
