good morning sweet world hey hey puppy
what you doing over there buddy we have
a busy day today jenna is our photoshoot
welcome to st mia steadyoh quick did DD
yeah yeah I'm really excited who knows
what today holds there's a lot that
would be happening and I'm excited about
hey cute bum where are you from one of
the toughest things that we faced as
parents is knowing what works best for
Noah we've tried a lot of different
items and we finally found some stuff
that really works well with Noah that we
like because it's clean healthy
something that we can rely on something
that we can take to our in-laws and they
won't even criticize this about so we
just recently teamed up with the honest
company and they sent us a few products
to try out Noah has really sensitive
skin and so the diaper cream in the
healing moment have been a lifesaver
seriously I know their products are
healthy and safe and they actually work
though like they're so good and that's
my second come on look at these diapers
look at them they're so cute do you
member that cute little swim diaper Noah
swimming in the other day the kid just
got these sweet little speedo things he
looks like the flyest kid pool and he
has on these stunner shades
the kid loves the water
so for Mother's Day we've teamed up with
honest company there's a link in the
description if you click on it and by
one of their bundles you can get a free
aromatic soy candle which is perfect for
Mother's Day wouldn't you say should get
my one maybe yeah I don't think chicken
here so go ahead and click on the link
in the description it will take you to
their website they are awesome we love
them we love the style it's something
that you don't even have to worry about
because it's clean and healthy yeah so
go check it out click on the link in the
description use the code Sam akka when
you check out as your coupon code and
then that's how you'll get the free
candle why you hungry all right we need
to go physics kid welcome to me to you
I'll show you a little bit of a teaser
one quick intermission of skating if you
drink Egypt in I've always wanted to
film someone skating let's go
you guys are getting in this business
look all right we got no American meal
guys set spicy orange Wow combination of
both corn doctor hey Groser burritos
brick okay yep so you finally got your
corn dog yeah this is good chicken it
was a perfect is mine just live on
periscope wha what up I'm vlogging here
we got blue team soon oh my friend too
yeah you're right that's all I just swim
hey just so the whole world knows this
is the new way to spell talent tal amt
or is that retrying to say tall aunt
it's pelant it 02 want I started this
this morning and like 420 you just typed
it Oh 420 on 420 420 that's med school
good yeah we taught me about hair this
way yah yah yah yah cuz I still can't
see the chat but I think it's working or
you tell me for being angry yeah first
verse for medicine yeah menacing like
that hold on behind the scenes
everything looks normal then you look to
this out there's Derek you look like but
others Jeremy hey not talk about looks
awesome
in case you hadn't noticed today's vlog
revolves around Danny you see jen's
revolving around any other way by the
way met Danny's family at the rosette
baseball game the other night see isn't
the nicest people I've ever met in my
life I need some oxygen yeah that's a
wrap on the shoot pictures came out
really nice you guys gonna really like
I'm Jen did a good job Tyler was good
all around ji ki jai hands always
interesting Jin how was your nap chip
fun with your babysitter yeah yeah the
good boy buddy
day 13 still hiking day 12 was pretty
good we ran out of water until we found
a water supply close to the hill and we
ate Bobby and we had to eat bobby bobby
was a dog oee dog huh I'm just kidding
not me bobby was a chicken and when I
mean chicken I mean he was actually he
was a turkey chicken nugget turkey when
I mean turkey he was actually a pheasant
so Bobby's gone de 13 de 14 we've built
a shelter it's a cave and we found new
people did realtek do you look super
picturesque right there you're kind of a
shadow though that's pretty cool
this is where we marked the days we also
found a foreign bag going to examine it
Wow sunflower seeds but who knows how
all those are this might be all we have
to survive JG they took the life day
teen everybody's kinda getting sick
plugin and another lock up we'll just
came up here there's a zombie Mary's
boiler off that word a 20 Danny's
brought reinforcements morels low we
found Pride Rock Simba dude if you got
no one held them off it
j48 I'm losing pounds by the days okay I
don't see any hostage it you yeah when
you do I feel like you're gonna how I'm
gonna get down how are you getting it
down well look at this we're invent a
teleporting machine oh man I totally
 he do it whoa daehan's no longer
with us well he'll literally looks like
you're defying gravity right now danke
get done don't again duh the copyright
driver you good doing a spider curling
it behind the scenes of the life of
jarvi that's his vlog climbing with a
big camera just to get the shot do it
for the vine I ain't gon do it guys I'm
kind of nine day 70 we've run out of
water and this guy's going crazy oh
sorry I don't know if she'll make it
through the night jkt they got us we
have a truck some guns were free gee
arnon this man vs. wild
all right we are here at village and
we're playing a game that supposedly is
a Utah which explain it please Aaron one
acquire sugar packet to being in village
inn or something similar I on acquire
two people from across the table he then
take turns flinging this across the
table ultimate goal get the package to
balance so that it can be flipped the
opponent if it does balance on their
side and they can flip it up they have
to eat the sugar packet all right let's
do this I really don't want to eat sugar
that's like drinking pop but no Baja I'm
going with the ihub Oh No thank you
gotta move the camera how's your fault
I'm to move my camera what I want the
record to show that I made it first try
I don't know about that I mistress I got
you baby oh my gosh dude with no fear a
little bit left Aaron ladies gentleman I
feel like I need to hit one up now two
bros let's do this
oh that's a good one Finn oh it
inevitably goes everywhere you got big
seven bring water down some water hotel
swamp another glitch I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy imma
be good you better believe it I'm gonna
be happy I'm gonna be good get that
understood imma be at me I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good I'm gonna be
happy get that understood get that
understood
