hey good morning oh are you gonna be
cranky for the camera there we go good
morning everyone early but not that
early cuz no actually slept until eight
which was wonderful high-waist always
little you're going zyk mom I don't want
to be on camera this morning but today
we actually have some fun stuff I'm
going on well I guess fun to me and kind
of stressful at the same time cuz
tomorrow we actually have a shoot going
on so today I've got to really make sure
everything set is set up i'm like ready
to go locked and loaded in the studio
cuz those um this past week and when i
got everything like assembled i left my
camera at home one didn't have time to
let go back and get it in like test
shoot stuff if your that's what we're
doing today we're gonna get it all set
up it's that way tomorrow we can just go
boom boom boom boom and just have it all
done uh-huh and I hear no is still
asleep and okay so he went to bed I like
10 this morning and it's almost one it's
almost three hours that's the longest
morning I he's ever had I think missing
his afternoon nap yesterday really threw
them up and I'm so tired my kind of
worried because it's almost like his
afternoon nap time maybe I should wake
up you're never supposed to wake a
sleeping baby 2,000 years late hmm oh
are you gonna try to read that book I'm
gonna find it ticklish spot God give me
a hater give me a good giggle belly
laughs no no dad that mama what is up
YouTube fam just look like my studio
welcome to my studio studio to do a
little test run today got some light set
up and look it's like we're not at
school we're in like it's so weird
because it's like my studio yeah here
you stand there I'll take a picture of
you in it so we got the lights all set
up gents got most of the settings I'm
gonna take a picture of right now ready
which we looking there together there
she is I see you snap oh good yeah
that's cool hey here you go swimming the
cool little chunks you got on gonna let
Noah seem around them a little baby pool
here you ready you guys he's got the
gauges little swim diaper on today pink
flamingos yeah it's cold
you can stand in this pool we're really
excited about this because there's a
little baby pool so throughout the
summer I'll be really fun to take in
there yeah obviously enjoys it diaper Oh
daddy gay for summer he loves those
let's give a kick oh you can see it's
good yeah cool dude yo smooth chillin
baby
daily services available that Denton is
having some mashed potato with little
sweet corn it's single on addition air
sing a little song Tyler yeah oh you're
filming yeah it's funny because that's
what you actually do even when the
cameras la danse I just thought that was
real that's a little bit real like
that's real do you see what I have to
live with yeah the face Dean and that
voice it's beautiful I really like your
chance whatever you should make a single
here Noah potatoes wow there's
houseguests and then there's really
really really great house guests Tyler
he's just a house guest just get he's a
really really great house guys just made
them one steak and we're all gonna share
this steak yeah oh no there's actually a
bunch plus mashed potatoes and gravy how
those the cable plus dinner rolls plus
corn it's all about presentation people
look at that 94 sorry now it's really
all american and all ya been hey uncle
Rico come on steaks with the mountains
hey you let's see your new jammies what
kind of style you rockin well rocket
ships Jenna was just saying I really
were like wow he's actually gonna wear
these one day and now what a big boy
you're wearing them they fit for a while
just get those are a little big alright
so can I wave goodbye so I go to bed
when it's still light outside
Oh rep loading our vlogs it's kind of
late Tyler's here why would that be damn
so we're gonna home where else like me
why is that so funny boy you're ordering
Tyler be you know what what you can be
at home you could have I couldn't be in
psych that left but I feel like we
probably would have acknowledged that i
don't know people so i was like you died
last time you left is it really the
tripod the music you upload times gone
again what is this since we're in the
car and it's late we have to go to
walmart dannon we might not make you go
unless you really want to you're good to
go for a quick trip because I want me I
heard it through the grapevine that
there's some pretty good stuff there
what's that mean that like men that
lighting though I feel good things
around this corner good vibes I feel
good oh my goodness Wow
like 3oh 3 33 dude oh my goodness let me
weigh down on this
excuse me sir where's your thoughts on
haha oh yeah that's how you know it's
good someone had their live wire and
then they showed up and they were like
that no that's why I'm not going to
drink these are ones but I'm literally
about to get like 10 cases because for
three dollars and thirty-three cents
let's go see what expiration date is
October first and wait wait here excuse
me sir
shout out to me the Kings all right up
settling I'm forward for that's good
let's see 369 12 24 bucks about 26 27
that's your last a while though don't
worry I'm gonna ration these uh maybe
one a day if that if and I got a
watermelon for Jen did you good he just
got a bunch of stuff on yeah I reached
down to a little mama made of cardboard
water Oh culture the Dolphins matey whoa
another day in the books of my life I
start looking back at old vlogs and I
realize how much changes in so little
time whether it be mustaches baby's
growing bigger like Noah used to be like
this little dude with barely any hair
then this guy I mean picking your nose
what I look for a moment every day to do
a zoom in on your face there's
definitely one of this vlog can
guarantee that can guarantee that I'm
proud of Jenica she set up her studio
for the shoot tomorrow that's something
that she's been working hard on she
studied in school and now she's able to
do that and it's pretty awesome while
still being the best mom that I've ever
met in the entire world so we're excited
about that tomorrow it's gonna be a lot
of fun what my xbox is just as tired as
I am it's loading up fifa 14 I haven't
played fifa 14 since 2014 stop listening
xbox and you will see you guys tomorrow
love ya
narrative you choose soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be at me i'ma be good are these
baja blast cool enough to try are you
really in heaven right now if you feel
it and I'm not but you can know I know I
will but if its cold enough that's
friggin I won't be warm
