and impromptu semicolon fix continues at
conch the crow first up Jen who's been
practicing we're going to the pumpkin
patch is kind of I don't know if it's
near our house or not I don't really
know where it is Monica Miller behind us
they're gonna lead us there because
we're not sure where to go and we want
them to come with us
I'm really excited okay let's go we are
here at the pumpkin patch snow is so
excited there's lots of activities to do
BJ you want to go down she beats glides
other things know was like zooming like
oh my there he goes Noah's going up the
big slide he's climbing it he's using
all four hands hands and feet
I'm pretty sure those are regular steps
but he's going hands feet
oh hey that was fast
oh okay just kidding I'm going is insane
okay you go II go first
okay then come with Mama put the rock
down we'll go down the side with me
okay jam okay oh I see donkey find you
and I've also never been to a pumpkin
patch that has cactus cactus pumpkin
patch getting some food to feed okay go
up to their mouths you put your hands
higher baby so they can reach higher
put your hands higher don't drop it then
they can't eat it you can't drop it suey
say please say hey I was just saying
every fall man tradition go feed the
goats ride the train what kind of train
are youing what kind of car is that
right bye I know you didn't want to
write on it so it's a it's us boys us
boys riding actually kind of fast we're
sitting in big blue barrels that have
been cut open damn you look so crunch
are you supposed to push him or get
inside of them oh boy
survivors ready on your mark get set go
okay I don't even know who won for
breakfast we were both pretty scared I
thought where the kids is gonna get in
front and then I was gonna play it run
it over eat the he'll be home and it's
like whoa curb stopping
you do realize that for like a survivor
judge the parallel rays hilarious now
we're playing play around it's
inflatable putt-putt golf but soon in
ladies and gentlemen this is hole number
one par 3 as you can see pretty
easygoing
the shadows might have played a part
there all right well Monica's had a lot
of excuses while she's been pregnant but
now that she's not and the baby's here
not even a week ago
come on now that's mine she throws miss
names wins but she got sissy girl they
hit them all in one you actually the big
ones won't be easier I'm fine
now there's someone saying that that's
right
if you knock them all down it's sudden
death your husband setting up the pain
I'll watch the baby
so posting the comments you think you
know it you see me compete in the
Olympics come on oh I bet you can eat
daddy say no you have only two up yeah
we actually got a alright okay here goes
PJ oh hey ready
- brother-sister later tonight is the
first thing any activity I've had in 10
months
I can strain myself here just do it okay
here goes Jen aka clutch City I'm the
strongest baby
she looks like a little pilgrim looks
like we have a beam years on the other
it's a wash bottle hot stuff see I ain't
so cute what's my shirt say Bob made me
well I'm making
there we go
meets her pigs came down it's the meat
he's gonna blame it on the knees injury
coming back you still did okay we all
kind of tied to fur dress I'm up you
guys he's got blue eyes so much but I'm
actually really better bowling I like
having the bumpers like he spins it and
it looks like it's gonna hit the edge
and then I like Sam tries to do that but
it never works what's real and what's
not
Sam heads bowling shoes you did bowling
college no he's actually really good
early from high school Oh we even have
bullying in high school I was like a
college I'm a bully in college we had
real sports ready he did take curling
and they were in the school newspaper
yeah because they won they literally
they won from was the high school or
college so he actually did curling no he
did Wow curling is a rose for Ok Go know
what this reminds us of those big blobs
that you see in the the lake
yeah hello are you cheating because
we're about to compete think she's
cheating over there she's practicing
muscle memory right now and impromptu
semicolon fix continues at conch The
Crow
first up Jenny's been practicing post in
the comments who's gonna win conch The
Crow yet three you get three let's go oh
pressures on babe all right one for
three I really did go up next who's up
next
now it's time for oh okay one one is
that you yeah
hey you were calling me out for cheating
and you already cheated Wow way to call
your wife out you know I believe me one
more yeah okay Monica's up okay three
it's between us three now then address
three hey you're gonna win on while
you're dabbing you did not win one
higher higher all right here we go
tiebreaker time Oh
who is in the lead house throwing it
where the DB's couldn't catch it here we
go ladies and gentlemen Wow his own wife
talking smack here we go
throw one best you can do is tie for a
sudden death the last one connected
that's how I was aiming high and the
winner of immunity is where's my
necklace safe for one more night on the
island Jen just said two things come T
to my totter and I've always wanted to
be the light one one of these things
both very seductive so many pumpkins to
choose from oh my gosh she seems like
huge
