I got yellow to sleep myself bad hello
everybody welcome to the Idaho
experience today on that who experience
I have to pee
actually that's a real channel that
Blake has really cool videos so this is
the sanika idaho experience I'm doing
stuff I'm making the baby laugh so
freakin bad I just
Hey snapchat Tyler what's up gasps who's
that here with my son that's right
Goa he's got that baseball tee on I like
it Jen oh my gosh dude dust in the face
dust of the face he's sliding in a
second he might go home he's run in the
third
all right we're playing baseball today
there's snapchat Tyler we got key grip
Dan from Idaho experience dude if you
remember snapchat Tyler posted the
comments that you remember snapchat
Tyler I guarantee they're at least 25
people at least you look great down
there
Jen's applying the is this do we call
this makeup or man-cub man-cub
nicely done Jen thank you we're gonna be
playing a baseball game today it took me
a lot of fun Casey's actually gonna be
drilling over there these stands should
be filled with friends and family
Tyler's getting a little tricks in Logan
logo going over here hey bud oh hi
what's up dude that looks good that
looks good this guy
batter up I'm gonna try to not here's my
goal I don't wanna hit all the balls out
of the park because I'm gonna be able to
play so I'm the only hit like that's
true I mean what how far is that fence
it's only about that's got to be at
least 300 got my baseball pants on I got
my psycho knees team ciccone let's go
put this on the man cup well yeah
I'm on Team Red I hope I like team red
because dave was on Team Red and he
actually played baseball so I'm hoping
to read is a good team I think it was my
first pace
all right here's a little
behind-the-scenes I'm here with kicad in
Europe Danny we're capturing the pickle
scene that we call this I'm sorry I'll
never do that again
Kim hey I'm gonna get stuck in me a
little pickle here we go oh we're doing
a pickle hey who is this oh man Oh what
you do each other ball at me Sam got him
very careful Sam got him again baseball
who said anything about playing baseball
about soccer today we got both both boys
and baseball tees oh that's a big bite
oh I must be cold this kid's first
author pop ever
yeah Dejan explain what is going on the
rear podium barbecue Korean barbecue I
wish you guys could smell this smells
like
it is amazing look so good
what are you talking about Korean soap
operas
we play the game I'm a little tricks and
family barbecue yet some Korean barbecue
got burgers hot dogs
we got the tastiest little Cheetos
Jerry's here Bharath Melanie and Tyler I
asked them if they wanted to eat with me
they agreed so now we're eating together
she needs some credit this is filling
the fourth of July right now how are we
feeling I'm ready to hit some bombs
right now hissing bombs yeah I'm already
dirtied up let's do it all right first
game is a little bit of everything we
got people doing back handstand Springs
got kids in the field you know we're
just actually this is the competitive
game isn't it this is like the next
one's the fun one yeah yeah this is the
competitive one Joe give us some
baseball device because either there's
absolutely no advice whatsoever coming
from this guy that's why I'm we're and
1/2 this hat
hey this is a competitive game Tyler
come on man you got to throw that kid
out we got a million people out here
playing every single base we're making
up positions as we go we got Kaylee in
the outfield over there Dejan over there
KC's pitching I think Derek I'm first
Danny's got the drone up in the air I
don't know if you guys can see that but
you know we're just having some fun a
nice little spring day a little spring
ball he's got it boom oh come on Butler
all right we got Jin up to bat that's a
walk yeah we got Sam we are Sam up to
about here Jennifer's on first there it
is
Oh ever see Noah's shirt is gonna mess I
just wiped his face off since two months
older yeah
dance baby dance dancing okay that's
enough buddy that's enough
oh dang oh dang Mike it looks good in
the baseball uniform keep going it's
like a little baby elliptical or
something baby treadmill he's trying to
climb crawl up it but it can go go go
hey guys just playing some baseball
being lager
here Mel Oh Tyler don't lose it
look at that loser just walking daehan's
but up to bat do work
um struggle how do you feel embarrassed
cuz you should feel embarrassed that's
great that was embarrassing
so guys this has been the most surreal
day so first of all Sam invited me to
come play baseball well to do this
filming thing my aim for the tricks in
as you can see I'm sporting the tricks
and gear and it's kind of weird I feel
like I'm in a 3d vlog like I feel like
I'm watching a vlog I'm watching a vlog
but I'm in it as well because I mean
they're shaking
car over there there's Sam Iike there's
grandpa tard there's you know I mean I'm
living in a blog I'm living in YouTube
it's weird so this is my beautiful Bay
melon look at her eyes pretty nice just
focus
it just looks like space that's what
they say
space dust beautiful all right
game one is in the books the winner was
everyone including snapchat Tyler wait
what's your snapchat name
what about Instagram hello ty lo at
hello Tyler h-e-l-l-o T why I told you
we'd get someone KC kind of played a
joke on me Ubuntu Belgium at the same
time while I was diving so they get
something back here oh yeah I told you I
get you back you're gonna keep throwing
balls at me you want to keep their home
balls at me
like no over here to terrorize Winston
sorry bud oh my gosh I missed the pies
in the face dang it
prank wars are still going who's idea
was that I was Sam no I don't know
actually was it that was dude boom whoa
all right that's a wrap for the baseball
everything Tyler's been filming taking
pictures making everyone look good it's
been a fun day I'm kind of sore getting
ready for that CrossFit race gotta watch
my back now because I think Casey's
coming for me like everything's bigger
online and now these look like really
small you can't don't look at everyone
else watching this vlog these look
really big though no show your hand
let's do it okay here's my hand next to
is my face there you go hey that looks
that's better no actually people on the
internet use bent bananas for references
so I'm dead serious
so here you go here we go banana for
scale my hands much better than that
tree your very large hands this is not
gonna work dude you're so entitled when
it comes to eating and pizza well life's
too short to eat yeah yeah if you're
gonna hit up the calories might as well
be good yeah we just got back I was
gonna say I think Tyler said this in the
car I don't even know if you've logged
this today it felt good it felt like we
were all just hanging out like one big
family Dan isn't that true did you feel
like what didn't it feel like one big
family today like meeting Dion's family
I felt like they were my family
a lot of great people I had a great time
like 100 Kuwait great fun great all
around look like a mess Indy go shower
and go to bed
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
trap toilet peace out please I'm gonna
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
bad understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be at me
I'm gonna be good did he look like
you're in heaven so foggy oh that's
crazy it's been a great day oh man
