and she was supposed to be taking a
shower and then said through the door
right here I'm like what are you doing
is some sort of
good morning sweet world it's noah the
binky boy and his pups got the boys over
for lunch we got a what's your name and
a Ryan no Andrew Andrew uh wha horn and
keep reading Bob Marley okay and we got
the NBA Playoffs going on this is this
is life to me NBA Playoffs we got point
for seconds let's see if anything good
heavens ready here we go Greivis Vasquez
oh my that was close go bulls someone is
being a baby wait what reading someone
is being so naughty you guys I'm reading
didn't even last a full week I didn't
even last a full week your mother smoked
pop your take I citing a sip of it no
just you guys here tasted for me and no
you already tasted it I saw you tasted
already like my tongue it's not red yeah
it is you tasted it I saw your rooms in
a little sick no babe you said you're
gonna go two weeks I know it's really
sad I knew he would not last really I
really I knew you wouldn't last a week
I'm surprised I'm surprised he lasted a
honestly yeah like four hey I'm a little
sip it's just like to remind my body
what it feels like to feel lazy and full
of sugar and pop I'd want all that
stuff's disgusting the and the two week
of absence from pop is over and his
drink of choice was sangron Gina what's
his sang ring something rare that I had
all these fun drinks wall Martin you
just kind of resisted you you just
couldn't resist it I did it for the
people guys don't try this it's gross
it's kind of Sarah tasty someone needs
the other gym tonight Stalin excited
every time I love can it last I mean you
can't left we're talking about good clip
good that's a wrap on to the next on the
next school location oh good i could
start acting like myself again yeah
that's from once a book pop after four
days of no pop no
saying cuz he said it's a rat so i could
start being like myself again on the
vlogs oh my goodness oh I don't you're a
weird zombie like me hey Jen's watching
walking dead again secretly watch me one
in bed I like one upstairs and she was
supposed to be taking a shower and then
said through the door right here I'm
like what are you doing is some sort of
dude stop no I'm not watching off oh
yeah watching walking dead pop what you
did like Sam's not drinking pop oh we
just uploaded some vlogs and we're
watching the cubs game and I'm calling a
walk-off home run right now you ready
for this isn't it cool 2015 we're
sitting in parking lot in Utah you're
watching your Cubs I'm watching the reds
actually the game just ended we lost but
then we're borrowing someone's internet
for us they're our friends the crack of
the bat is the heart of the game good
looking good huh it's good like a ball
player so is that beard alien fingers
hey dang it oh not a nice it would not
so it sounded and look nice it went far
it sounded and looked nice it's not like
wow three if the wind was blowing out
yeah you'd have been fine yeah tennis
look nice
wow that looks good watching the bulls
game right now my phone it just started
Game one of the playoffs pretty excited
about that even got my Scottie Pippen
socks on see that job in basketball Oh
behind the scenes of trap Tyler go check
out cinematic Sunday that's it what's
the biggest key to this much quarter in
holding this thing out take care of the
ball really got something I got a monkey
on my back hey monkey hey feel like
we're like I'm papa monkey I got baby
monkey on the back of my back flashback
to all those vlogs where you're working
in the city on campus that crazy now
you're setting up your own little one
it's crazy I like technology do you like
technology do you like technology yeah
but I really have no clue what any of
this stuff is it really does
whats up its cinematic some day here on
Sam a good luck
we
so we just Pokemon snapped sunset it was
crazy because we actually saw the ball
of the sun gobbled down and dip down in
the last part of it moves it seems like
it's moving so fast and usually don't
Tyler made a good point when there's
that mountains it's hard to you can't
see it like there's nothing to contrast
it again so like when you see it just
like in between the mountains it's kind
of like it's always kind of like going
like this and then just barely I should
tilt head asplode hottie what Tyler was
trying to say is that it looks pretty
cool yeah that's raised trying to say
look at that it's beautiful Sam just
looked over at me and said have you
 today and I said yeah and then he
said really and I said I don't know so
I'm blocking out late it's like almost a
clock or something I just ten o'clock
and these two are doing this hockey
games and i'm currently finding noah and
amber teething necklace yeah I think I'm
gonna do it I don't know what lucky ball
have mixed emotions because it's a
necklace and then you know you don't
want choke and stuff which is kind of
scary but you'd have to find the right
fitting one which is kind of scary too
i'm doing i'm just going to see if i can
find a good one and then decide if i
want to buy it today i also got the
studio set up at tricks in will kind of
some things it's kind of using and hard
to explain but i'm excited i have all
the lights set up what's really exciting
you know never thought in a thousand
years that I'd actually do photo outside
of school I was like I'm not gonna be
fun i'm just gonna be a mom and vlog and
stuff
and now i'm doing photo which is awesome
it's and really fun and it's been kind
of crazy because now like we have a
studio a studio pound it pound that pop
what is that what is that I'm so he's
pop eyes danica this is a pup is this
concern up up yeah that's considered a
pop juice really well it's actually so
natural i guess Tyler yep what was your
favorite part of the day spending time
with friends okay boring what was really
fair for the day Oh more specific more
specific it's not those from cool
sunsets i'm sure sam will put in some
footage of that it just happened
actually well replay some of that
awesome footage what was your favorite
part of the day playing hockey without
disturbance Victoria Buffy who's winning
note is shot you probably won't include
any of this footage one man i win and i
get a controller go away likes it no no
I'm just want to get up your live
reactions what's dead reaction a horse
that was a live reaction also i know a
lot of you guys wondering when my next
main channel um video is going to be
coming out and i'm gonna be filming a
new video this week i was gonna do a six
month update video for noah but he's
almost seven months so I don't know this
don't want that refuge want me to wait
ten months oh yeah what was the thing
whoa where's my brain um so I don't know
if you guys want me to wait till he's 10
months of student update then it's guy
feel can i still even doing updates
because he's already 10 months old or if
you want me to do like my like a makeup
my everyday makeup might be a video
coming up even though it's really this
which is nothing but if you have any
other suggestions tweet me or comment
and let me know what you want to see on
my channel um yeah oh shoot Sophie's
just calling us out tell Jenna that she
needs to walk more I'm sorry I feel like
I do but then I feel like I'm just all
about no and then I
sometimes I'll work on it it's late at
night which means one thing we're at
walmart i go to walmart more when
Tyler's here in town than any other time
in my life and today we are buying
whipped cream and pie crusts or pie pans
because tomorrow we're gonna nail
someone you'll just have to wait and
find out who that is Oh redheads guy
fieri it makes pants we got her stuff I
know you guys are going to enjoy this
gonna be really good we're gonna make a
really fun video too it's been a tiring
day medan right now i'll show you how
tiring today's been oh you just woke up
did you fell asleep all importing your
footage tomorrow and I know it's gonna
be a fun day we're gonna get a lot of
friends and family and peeps together
make sure to go check Tyler's vlog out
he did it a nice cinematic Sunday it's
gonna be really cool up with a link to
his channel in the description and we'll
see you guys tomorrow love you if you
choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood I'm gonna be
at me i'ma be good I realized there was
like no noah i miss fark today as i'm
editing it so tomorrow I'll make sure
that there is a lot of Noah sound good
