hey how much did you wait hey sorry no
red spins allowed
good morning everybody we are just
getting ready to head out to know his
first doctor's point with his new doctor
I just can't get over I just can't get
over this view Betty we have a couch and
it's so big I've never had a couch this
big ever in my life I don't think and
squishy I wish you guys could all sit on
it fits a lot of people so that's kind
of fun
I was really stupid and planned actually
this might have been the only
appointment available but it happened to
be like right during that time I'm like
dang I hope he wakes it because he's
been sleeping in until like a art time 7
o'clock California time all week so it's
been kind of nice last night was like oh
crap
his appointment at 10:30 which is
basically a nap time you guys he's
getting his front tooth it's really it's
really cute and really funny because he
only has these two side teeth this one
and this one those are the only two
teeth he has right now he looked like a
little hillbilly if he opens his mouth
and then he's getting the other thing on
the other side
uh-huh have you guys gotten those amber
teething necklaces have any of you
gotten one of those because I heard
they're amazing but I also heard like
you have to get like an actual one like
there's a lot of phony ones that don't
work but if you have let me know because
I'm kind of tempted to get one because
he's just like when he was teething I
mean no babies happy on the ceiling when
they're teething but like he is really
not happy when he was do you think and
his front tooth is coming in so he is
not a happy camper I have told him I
can't sundown watch what happen it's
really sad and kind of cute we're gonna
even drop to his knees so dramatic
hey how much did you wait this little
chunker week 24 you wait 24 pounds
hey you don't test that you weigh 24
pounds
22:23
man you're a big kid sometime avvocato I
love avocado and a little quesadilla for
this little baby boy
can you tell he loves avocados got to
grab my chicken please date press and
take a ticket pressing and take a ticket
I'm about to go pick up a friend who's
visiting in town I haven't seen him in a
couple it's been a while so this should
be fun I'm glad that he's here you know
he's a good guy I guess hey sorry no red
spins allowed right again let's go I
love this he's easily distracted
aren't you all did you find another rock
did you find another rock not put it in
your mouth okay I think the broad
Castleman drawn on it let's see it does
hopefully it there's one mound of snow
and he's a little curious by it so let's
see what he does
what is that what is it
this No
yo what's happening I got my Bane Black
Hawk shirt on we got the Reds
represented Brandon Phillips Home Depot
it's time to get our hands dirty and buy
an orchid
hey go for a hike is that fun
how long have you out of mic they're
vintage in front back side so funny he's
just like hanging on dude shake it off
your feet hey do you know what the
saying is about drivi know anyone else
know this thing about Jovi again rivers
parties Jarvis what no that's why we're
going to a party right now yeah wherever
there's a party or is it wherever
they're starving there's always a party
there the moment we've all been waiting
cameras going let me get a close-up of
that let me get it close-up of that yeah
I get all these cameras out all right
pepperoni chicken artichoke something I
don't know
barbecue chicken Tyler what's going on
people in the room understand I mean
we're in your that's a monster pizza how
many inches is that 37 36 this is a fun
little dinner though we got a nice
little dinner group going here we got
dejan yeah what book are we discussing
today Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants
and there we go
we got these little dudes that are being
good because the pizza took forever long
they've just been hanging out eating
crayons
the aftermath listen here watching the
Blackhawks game zero for Crawford's
gonna
spring these are spring pastels
there's red ones over there but these
are spring tulips well take out order
who you taking that to myself my sorrows
away there's one too many cameras right
now honestly this is what happens when
everyone gets together for dinner that
has a YouTube channel is that there are
many cameras and many of the same things
yeah look at it it's beautiful no Darby
this is a true photographer and a true
model and a true background we cut
beautiful that's guys how many times
have I said that there it is all right
we're getting organized here in the
warehouse for building a bunch of
shelves Tyler's getting to work that's
why he's here he's the shelf expert as
you know the flaming hot cheetos could
you cheat on me oh thank you
oh wait is that we got Darvey editing
vlogs on his phone
films and it's on his phone you film and
edit on your phone and upload you don't
need a computer just get a phone of
course when I'm trying not to drink soda
this is what happens it's back but it's
empty so we're in the clear you guys
know that bad luck fryin means it's like
bad luck Sam try not to drink pop and
they bring back baja blast dude are you
kidding me black berry ginger ale one of
those last time you saw that cool flavor
of ginger ale when was last time you saw
a cool flavor of ginger ale
what's funny is I just saw you edit zoom
in on my face I said uh yeah what's up
with all these fun drinks coming out
while I'm trying not to drink fun drinks
oh I bring this up in the blogs a lot I
want to be that guy that designs these
we have that on campus and they built VA
out of Pepsi boxes I'm usually team
coca-cola but tonight you win Pepsi
where do you do it in there that work oh
my that's it for today it's been a busy
day it's late we need you get the bed
cuz tomorrow is another busy fun day we
have a lot of fun plan for this weekend
it's kind of a surprise I haven't told
you guys anything but I have on my
channel Heather sighs I guess it'll be
fun see yes tomorrow love ya
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you got understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
you're that understood I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good
get that understood oh my
