hey Bobby guess what we get our couch
today I'm happy but I don't know why but
I'm sure happy about getting cats today
so long pillow couch you will not be
missed
just getting it with my bad wouldn't
that bad huh if it's sunny today and
bright and clear and the snows melting
really quickly and this kid is looking
just as fine as ever
look at that beautiful view we just
drove up I'm not even that far up in the
Logan I think this is called as a screen
valley we're gonna gonna take some
product shots or tricks and there's a
lot of new products all kinds of things
so we have Jen's friend want to know
what that's gonna take major it's kind
of crazy because in the past 24 hours
we've seen more snow that in all winter
at least for me and yet it's still
really nice outside today
I think it's 50 55 degrees feels really
warm the snow is all melting and for a
lot of people I don't think anyone in
Utah but probably some people I don't
know in different parts each actually in
Idaho they rely on the wells in the
ground for water so having this snow
really helps out kind of a blessing we
are hikers snowshoers animal tracks
Dejan doing impressions of people in
class making mark we got wolves we got
all sorts animals out here the
wildebeest
it's beautiful though I take this for
granted I really do are we live in a
beautiful place dog poop might be moose
poop actually pellets no your animals
your animals I don't hunt moose nice
moose what's the plural moose
Mike loosen all right it looks like this
will be the first place for a picture
it's pretty picturesque it looks like an
American Eagle ad to me I'm being
summoned by the way this is perfect
packing snow snowman snow packing
snowball fights no I mean watch this
your look at that branch is there oh
oh dang
alright flex your butt spring shoot in
the snow baby work a day on we got
flowers on that background like sweet
you know it's almost a wrap we found the
official hats doop do this perfect for
it that's a wrap CrossFit for life Dejan
just moved the trailer outside by
himself because jenna to take the card
to swim lessons I'm gonna catch up with
her in just a minute but the couch is
here it's still wrapped up though it's a
little bigger than I think we imagined
it'll look at the others the ottoman cuz
there's all this space that will push it
back into the wall so I mean it's gonna
take up a large portion of the room but
it's gonna be good it'll be nice nice
place for our company to rest
I guarantee tonight right here Jenna
will be sitting there laying down
reading her kindle guarantee that shot
is in this vlog guarantee it
I made it to swim
hey let's see your new tricks today no
tricks at all
he just wants to be on the well that's a
new trick how about a cannonball
man this is a fun break from this now
hey not me
here's the new trick today the
bear-crawl this is the first time we've
ever seen this out of them the first
time you've ever done that because he
doesn't like the surface of the concrete
just a man floating with his dinosaur in
mommy
Oh
these kids pretty funny I'm glad we
signed up for these it's a good little
outing getting them introduced to the
water I have the time they're just
chillin
well guys it happened we got ourselves a
couch this is that's gonna be my spot
here fill me on my lounge so I already
told everyone that I guaranteed that
there'd be footage of you sitting on
this today it's hotter than Hades in
here with all these bodies it's just
daft you have anything else you want to
tell the YouTube world jet fuel can't
melt steel beams I think we should have
an errand ism every single day I wanted
to bring this up with Gen around but I'm
ending the vlog today by myself a little
over five years ago Jenna and I would we
were dating we'd go on lots of dates and
we'd usually end the date
sitting on the staircase in her
apartment complex talking you know it
was like delaying the goodbyes like
goodbye just for the day you know I was
like ah man goodbye for the day it took
forever it took us like an hour to say
goodbye we'd sit there and talk and talk
and talk and talk
I remember in one of the first couple of
weeks that we were dating gentlemen me
in the eye and she said to me you know
what make a pretty good team and
immediately after she said that she's
like oh my gosh that's so stupid of me
to say that sounds so silly and she felt
like she had said something dumb but I
still remember that to this day it was
kind of corny but I thought it was cute
and it's interesting to see that years
later over five years later we're
married with married for four years and
we make a pretty good team together
parenting vlogging together we have a we
make vlogs or a little team making vlogs
we do photos together we edit photos
together we do all this things you know
all these things together and I couldn't
agree more with that little statement so
Jen I know you're watching this right
now
we do make a pretty good team love you
girl I love you guys to the fam'ly cut
we'll see you guys tomorrow I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm a scat man
