today is April fifteenth 2015 Noah's
looking out the window standing there at
the window ledge and what is he looking
at let's take a look oh dang that's a
lot of dandruff you know that birds like
what the heck did I just wake up to what
I yo yesin son did you have something
you wanted to tell me son son did you
have something you wanted to tell me Oh
Rock yeah snow it's now he's still
doesn't know how to say snow season rah
yeah what up it's tax day which means I
mean back in the day when I was a nice
cock like I get a cheeseburger for 39
cents we thought there was like some big
magdiel we go in for one cent that's why
I saw google we just got way too much
food probably got enough food to feed a
family of 18 but there's four three and
it only cost $13 so 59 side
cheeseburgers today so if you're looking
to get unhealthy go for it actually your
daylight it's today only all right
people is what $13 can get you a
mcdonald's don't do it it's not good for
you we just got it too so no one else
can eat it right nice thing I got a
workout double time tonight now yeah oh
geez Rick here in one bite Sam's gone
for one bite and then tells me no to
bike there it is it is easy well easy
easy do you find fit to in there it was
only 67 so it's okay yes man how are you
know you finished that at six like as
much as an airhead you just hmm alright
it's trickshot Wednesday
I want it done what did you say I tried
oh goodness
hey balmy this is it this is it with my
ah you know how that should go I call
this one sitting on the toilet cash lush
cash it's called rock baby to sleep
niklas owe you man this snow is really
putting a damper on things isn't it that
that phrase is there's no stinks it's
been so nice lately and I just we come
back in California and then its nose for
two days in a row okay well yesterday no
but was just really weird gross weather
so we didn't go out and then today it's
like just been snowing it literally has
not stopped snowing all day long we've
been inside all day this could just woke
up from his nap I probably should have
taken a nap but I didn't this is the
most snow we've seen like all winter
literally like all year I'm gonna get to
you hey can you clap for Mom you guys
you clap today and I didn't have the
camera you can app yeah good job dance
baby did dance fairy dance dance baby
dance yay you clap yeah
no he's gonna come grab the camera she
look huge patootie oh he's enamored with
my button on my chance it's kind of
hilarious hey we should go out or
something let's go lookie lookie guide
some water Manning he's attempting to
shove his face with watermelon we
decided just go to the grocery store cuz
a couple of our friends were busy
sinatra leading out today but that's
okay we went to the grocery store and
got watermelon a buddy and i think this
time I got a better one I was tapping a
bunch of them and I think I figured out
the hollow sound well at least it made a
sound and a lot of them didn't make any
sound at all so we picked it and it's
actually pretty good some quite pleased
with myself I think Noah's pretty
pleased with himself to he gets water
mom for dinner don't worry he'll get
other stuff too whoo tonight is a big
night for me because my Black Hawks have
their first game against the nashville
predators I know somebody's probably
predators fans sorry go Hawks I'm
excited about the series also the Bulls
are playing their last and final game of
the season which will determine a lot of
the playoff stuff and the Cubs are
playing the Reds which is a little
rivalry between me and trap Tyler winner
wins the series so that's all stuff that
you guys don't care about but to me I
love it I'm excited I'm really excited I
wasn't sure what to wear today but I had
to put my Patrick Kane jersey on because
he's back he got injured in February I
didn't think you'd be playing the soon
so that's pretty awesome no more monkeys
jumping on the bed yeah they're all at
the same time I also had this miraculous
idea of wearing hats nah I'm just
kidding it's not wearing hats like this
but I actually have this fun idea that I
think could be something that's really
cool and I'm not gonna tell you guys
about it until it really happens so it's
kind of a surprise excuse me mr. stinker
sit down
how much looks about right i have this
here bathtub hey i love this look on
purpose yeah don't update oh well it
gets busted like crazy and laughing yeah
my Blackhawks losing three to 0 they're
getting spanked right now it's not
looking good the thing after members
that it's just one game my cubs are
winning and the bowls are losing at
halftime so one out of three of my teams
are doing well I just can't believe it's
the Cubs this is this is a team i get
usually can always rely on we could
still come back 801 bien I didn't vlog
it because I've been on the phone with
my sister it's my niece's birthday hey
agent evil oh happy birthday shout out
anyways the Hawks have tied it up it is
33 going into over time the Cubs won the
Bulls won can we pull off the perfect 3
4 30 would make me very very happy no
hey uh eternity later Ross long over
time we did it really though all right
here's proof to Cullen and the rest of
the world another day in the gym I'm
going for every single day weekday poly
Saturday too if I can and we just did
two and a half miles Aaron's gonna drink
of water it's nice having a workout
partner we got a long road ahead of us
because we got this CrossFit event also
catching up on all my sports 3 for 3
tonight baby all my teams won I can't
remem the Cubs hawks and bulls won
feeling good even though it's a 1204
it's midnight comment of the day Jay
house vlogs I love the new clips of Noah
and the intro you guys catch that yeah
did you catch it
it I got it you got it yeah you showed
me the house he didn't catch it now you
showed me before you even put like you
didn't give me a chance oh that's true I
was like I put some new clips of knowin
ensure i want to i like it i need a
completely new intro though it's kind of
fun that you just integrate new ones
yeah it is kind of funny like it I do
like it too you never know what's gonna
pop up next some peeps miss the magic
intro which is like an OG Sam ago almost
I just know I do that song anymore guys
we'd get in trouble every single time if
we did ya can't do that I'll play by all
the rules I realized there was a lot of
me in the vlog today so I'm going to
turn it over to Jen to finish this one
it's that time where we say goodnight to
you Oh day oh my gosh yeah oh he's kind
of good at that robot arm know that damn
I'm not my me say goodnight to you oh
tae bo do you uh Billy Blanks you uh see
us tomorrow love you love you nice
anything you can reach if you choose to
imma be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you're that understood I'm
gonna be happy imma be good you better
believe it remember ISA film in the
microwave
