I believed out something the other day
I'm not pregnant you guys roll your eyes
yes are you bringing I'm not pregnant
hey sure guys I know I have been
slacking people that you're pregnant as
i bleeped you out
I look good go it wouldn't be a sama
comply without a little bit of food in
it if someone can find a vlog without
any food in it you win a prize I'm sure
there's some out there but I feel like
that's half of what our vlogs are guys
we just got our second nature box from
this box that we got this time can you
see this yeah si Racha roasted cashews
we already ate all our big island
pineapples we also tried this time
double berry fruit peels we can meet on
the way home yesterday from the airport
yeah we got blueberry nom noms this time
and Asiago and cheddar cheese crisps
mm-hmm delicious moving on through this
whole thing
hello but you guys sent me your pictures
of you guys getting your nature box
because one I think it's cool and two I
like to see what you guys got a channel
got the si Racha something she brought
you last time and I was like gosh why
don't I get si Racha so there's some I
got the cashews they have like a little
bit of kick but it's not really spicy
there's no icing on Jenna
yeah those are perfect for you I think
I'll stick to the fruity ones you
journey at all Terry it them all Jen's
like but it's perfect anyway no oh
that's really good
I pretty much like everything so if you
guys want to get a free child nature box
I'll put the link in the description you
can click on it you can get a free
sample box sent to your house a lot of
you guys got it last time we loved it
and it makes me feel like yeah and I
feel like I'm eating delicious food but
also staying a little bit healthy which
in the last of all you guys saw that I'm
making another push I'm working out
tonight Wow
but yeah if you guys want to try to try
out major box click on the link in the
description and get it send us a picture
when you get yours which one was your
favorite this amount I'm thinking the
fruit peels or the blueberry on them
like a granola bar bites
chillin there we go there we go
we're huh
hey buddy yesterday when we were in felt
like you saw it we went on a Trader
Joe's run and today I'm not only got me
one bag of my favorite sour cream and
onion puffs he got me two bags I have
some really sad news
I'm Sergeant for Mia but I'm no longer
watching Parenthood I know I'm on the
fifth season and I just I had to stop
because it's just repetitive the same
thing keeps happening over and over and
over again and I can't stand it all
those dang Bravermans cheat on each
other and I can't handle it anymore no
no what I just had my friend tell me
what happened instead we're also eating
a little trade
Troy girl or trainer to a soup potato
milky for lunch and Noah has swimming
today and I'm really excited because we
only have to go once last week before we
went on to town it's kind of bittersweet
that was back I'm so glad we're able to
go out and see everyone huh you got to
see how your aunts and uncles and you
left your lip balm I'll get my fingers
messed up
sanika you eat hot cheetos make sure you
do a chopstick so your fingers don't get
all that's the best part is looking at
off did you want one of those extra
flamin hot cheetos not yet
we had one before I know yeah the whole
bag but you never ate them with
chopsticks but if it were chopsticks
there for you oh you have to use I kind
of like it I like a little bit of
seasoning on the fingers someone sent
those to Noah I want you pretty good
first take first date it is quite a bit
but good though thanks to playing hot
baby so I lost the bet
I don't know if you guys remember about
probably a month ago I placed the bet
with Danny Duncan that the Blackhawks
would beat the Tampa Bay Lightning
well the Blackhawks got spanked and the
loser the bet had to get a shirt of the
opposing team and post instagram
basically saying that they loved that
team so I didn't say I'd been doing a
video but if you see that photo on
Instagram and you're confused it's
because you should be because I love the
Blackhawks and not the Lightning see I
can say that in the vlog we never said
in the blog I you know what we had to do
there you go Danny hope you're happy
this is the first of many bets to come
because I must get revenge
it is super windy today I don't know if
you can hear me if the wind filter is
going crazy but you should look at this
and now it's snowing yo look at this
right now are you serious so it's today
April 12 13
oh man looks like the perfect day for a
swim lesson whoa we're here at the
little swimming lesson they warmed up
with some songs a little bit of five
your hands if you're happy all that jazz
and now look at this guy
he is just Chile's gonna be today
instead of wanting to jump and he's just
like what is going on mama
the babies is dropping in the
well the kids are working on their
kicking but it's more like the moms
making of cake look like I look like a
bunch of little lazy boys
working on their elementary backstroke
mr. gros al
you're not enjoying it today a little
different today it's like when he has to
get in he's not a big fan but when it's
something he shouldn't do he's like oh
yeah get me in there
whoa
there you go buddy oh man he's not
enjoying it today
there we go No
what's up smooth chillin baby
move there we go there we go there's a
lot going on there's aerobics here many
Pacquiao was there warming up for a
second now we got some kickboxer he did
it all right now they are going to jump
into the water and then do a little
swimming on their back
jumping no jumping
Podcast go it was pretty good I think I
get a little nervous by myself or with
the seahorse seriously lions and others
of the he's all about getting in the
pool when it's like freezing cold and
the water and there's wild creatures
there and wild creatures but when it's
like we go in a warm pool with a full of
people he's like in the life in a
lifeguard yeah
he's a little nervous it's a little
nervous all the people I think because
he loves water I'm tempted to see how
you are in the baby pool yeah I think so
it'll be really fine now that I know
that the moves we don't really meet
classes anyone huh that just ain't right
that ain't right either all right
workout done Collin you see that stay in
sweaty what's the best thing to do when
it's snowing outside next push-ups
push-ups
oh my perfect time for a hot tub do my
heart steam did your steam in my crazier
no I can't remember how much I've said
in the vlog or if it was on snapchat or
whatever I challenged Cullen and he
challenged me back kind of to be
healthier to work out we're doing it
together and a couple of tricks and crew
members have been helping me out too no
pop today for me I think we said that in
the vlog earlier today yeah how do you
yeah hi dad one day I look pop I just
love drinks and I went to workout -
mamas are doing the same thing it was
kind of nice to have like a workout and
then a little reward with the hot tub so
I only took an hour to do that it's been
good because I go in the morning during
his nap and then Sam can go at night
yeah we can always swap that we can do
it everyone I know you like drying in
the morning day yeah
also gym etiquette when we were at the
gym tonight me and Aaron I think we're
gonna be working out a lot together just
I'll push each other he went and got on
a treadmill and we got there right
before some other people did and then I
was from my stuff away and I wasn't hop
on the treadmill next to him there was
only two treadmills and this dude he is
pretty well built came up into the air
and hey
I mean my wife had me running on these
treadmills like get off basically I
don't feel like that's right no I can't
believe you did that
that's so rude she was like looking out
of a movie seriously an arrant got off
cuz he's a nice guy you know he's but I
was like dude you should've told him
that me you had to run you know Chuck
here I'm like hey me and my boyfriend
it's just joking yeah I've been funny
see that guy thing but I was like dang I
didn't know people really are like that
I'm sure we all run into interesting gym
etiquette everyday yeah yeah tonight was
hoppin a lot of people yeah so I'm gonna
keep trying to do that I've made a goal
of two weeks without soda pop I got to
get ready cuz I'm I was entered into a
CrossFit competition and I'm not ready I
just want to survive that's all I just
want to survive there we go I've been
just a little bit of weight training
tonight there yeah gotta get ready for
this summer day get ready for this stuff
right all right guys that's it for today
tomorrow I think we're gonna go and get
bits and pieces of our couch because we
find out it's finally kind of in town
yeah most of it at least
so willies have somewhere to say happy
yeah so happy it's more like alright
guys see you tomorrow love ya
a few too soon I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it so there's no
confusion with this it's all about this
baby Patrick Kane party watch
