all right the greatest debate in the
world red versus green green red tag
team red green
that's greenish Bariba and Rio Verde
Rojo what's up fam oka today we are
hanging out with Jen and Sam and Noah
just for the last little bit today we
are with Bonnie and Clyde literally yeah
this is we paid for these tickets Bonnie
to go Donnie tickets to go to lunch with
them yeah is they were expensive tickets
there's Noah I know you really want to
see him and not my people here do got
the book no pop you been down there for
three days no see you were so
enthusiastic about that one of my
favorite restaurants is called Albert
tacos and I eat there way too much and
it gives me my hurts my inside so that's
like real Mexican food actually it's not
I don't know if it's real because I hear
real Mexican food is pretty healthy for
you no not true
defend okay so I eat it a lot and it
like it's I can feel my arteries
clogging every time I eat a California
burrito so Sam swears by Roberto's and
he says it's better so I got a
California burritos did you say Andrew
that's what I thought you said that we
play that yeah Andrew that's what I like
to hear
I wipe your butt my MA
so we're just gonna eat lunch and then
we're gonna decide which is better at
verticals of Roberto's and hash tag team
red dad dad
you wanna try Johnny alright I'm about
to try this there's a rule I have it's
called first bite free and you take the
first bite without sauce so you get it
just the natural taste of everything
yeah I'm not gonna say anything I think
I like this one yeah 3 burritos and 3
delicious sandwiches later I am holding
myself accountable this week actually in
the next two weeks I'm gonna go with out
pop for two weeks
and you're just getting competitive ma
you don't think I can do it no way no
way I'm gonna do it yeah two weeks for
that pop I'm allowed to drink yerba mate
eh though and water so green sauce is
better well going without pop for two
weeks and I'm going running tonight I'm
gonna actually work out every single day
this week there we go I said Albert
tacos is nostalgic but this is way
better thank you
you can be my brother okay
you
Hey we moved back to Salt Lake we're
back in our own place no how's it feel
to be home checking the mail and
everything I still need to come back and
clean a little bit I realized that we
left our Christmas tree here and a
couple other things so often grab that
for watch this I'm sliding in nose
deanne's lag I'm being a tenor for
example by sliding into junk mail yeah
look at this look at this mess look at
what you've started look at what you've
started these guys have to get some
stuff done yes look at that
oh you guys are cute twig do into dad
dad and let know all around for a while
before we take the back home but in the
face comfy the only time I missus
apartment is when we're flying and it's
just so convenient to live therapy but
now I have to drive all the way back
um he's so cute Bubba oh he's just
smiling bumpy Hey look I went lay on you
now dad fingers up good up now I keep it
up oh wow oh wow
we're in Salt Lake so we're checking the
peel box and I know a lot of you guys
have been telling me to check it we just
haven't been back so we'll grab
everything and I think we should just do
one male blog dedicated to all of this
Sam is currently running well walking he
should be running into Trader Joe's for
doing a quick Trader Joe's run because
we just have to we miss the food I miss
living by Trader Joe's you guys I went
every week they have a lot of fun stuff
that we miss cooking for dinner and so
family I had to run really quick him
though Noah's exhausted he just trying
to fall asleep back there yeah now back
about this four day on extra extra
flavor a lot to give till tomorrow yeah
myself a little bit left I got him a
back there your day on my man - I was
feels good to sleep in your own bed
traveling made me realize something
today I realized that many times people
are unwilling to help strangers and
strangers are sometimes unwilling to
take help from other strangers three
instances the first being that the guy
in front of us
he was like having a hard time finding
all this stuff and the girl sitting down
the aisle like reached over and pulled
the seat flap like the pocket so that he
could search in and then I have to
reduce like shocked like oh my goodness
that was so nice of you thank you like
you didn't expect a stranger to help no
I'm like the guy no this is from here
about to get off the plane and even like
the guy next we both ordered waters and
they hand in mine first and I was like
trying to I'll pass it down
like I'm just trying to be a nice person
you know yeah the other act of kindness
was when we were on the bus today and we
had two huge suitcases three backpacks a
car seat a baby a carrier and your purse
tons of stuff our we were just totally
like overwhelmed with things and we were
making it work but as we were getting
off the bus you know it was taking us an
extra minute and this guy was like oh
hey let me help grab one of your bags
you know take it off the bus for you cuz
this your stop like little things like
that
go a long way yeah yeah but I feel like
sometimes we're afraid to help strangers
and that one lady left her bag and I
grabbed so one guy helped us grab a bag
and then one lady forgot her buy and
she'd be on her back on the bus and you
saw it gotten saved so much hassle yeah
but there are a lot of strangers there
that would have been like oh she forgot
her bag by you know it's like sometimes
we don't help strangers when we should
help strangers because we're afraid of
strangers yeah I think people are afraid
of strangers like reactions how people
are gonna react to certain things I mean
I don't want to when I go on a plan I'm
not I don't get on the plane to be
friends with everyone and like learn
about everyone you know like I give
everyone their privacy and I want my
privacy sometimes too you know but it's
good to help other people every single
time that one of those people was helped
today
we felt good that lady was so relieved
dude was relieved just for someone
opening up the well I was pocket I
didn't have to grab that suitcase off
the tram yeah that's I'm saying yeah and
even a couple times ago when we were
flying and that lady fainted everyone
kind of just like stands there oh that
lady just fainted and no one does
anything you know I were just like Oh
someone should help her and then some
people started help her and then you
gave her a pillow it's just interesting
to me it's interesting how humans
interact especially in airports you know
that's like one of the biggest mixture
of justing people well the Salt Lake
City Airport it's not really a melting
pot it's like everyone likes the same
but it's just interesting it's just the
thought I was thinking about so stranger
danger
be careful out there but do something
nice for someone to always feels good to
have someone help you out
although
I remember one time in San Francisco and
there's like a homeless guy and I tried
to give him a sandwich and you like
cussed me out
interesting interesting though it's just
interesting how people react some people
get really offended when you try and
help them if you don't know any guys
where do you guys think about that let
me know in the comments it was just
something I was thinking about today and
observing in the airport we checked the
mail today back at our place there's a
ton of mail it was just interesting to
me how companies work this company used
to always send us samples they probably
send it to all like new moms of the milk
that applied to Noah now that he's older
it's like transition milk and coupons
for that I was in the marketing class
where that freaked people out that
companies know so much about you
without you necessarily telling them
there was one case where Target was
sending out baby registry stuff to
people that they knew were pregnant
based on things they were buying and
various things like that there was one
scenario where there was a girl that was
like 18 years old living at home with
her parents she was getting all this
stuff from Target just in the mail and
the parents were like what the heck this
is so offensive so they called Target
said cut it up I mean you're healed
she's not pregnant
and then the 18 year old talked to the
parents and said actually I am she
hadn't told anyone it's hard to figure
that out
is that creepy we made it home it's good
to be home
got a lot of fun happening we're gonna
have a visitor this week too good times
ahead as always so yes tomorrow oh yeah
so just hold on
you you're everything that I see our
johar love and emotion and the speed I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and he
won't show it see all right team green
salsa it's also bad a day don't my deal
whatever you want green or red let me
know
