we're just waiting for my dad and my
stepmom and my little brother to eat
some lunch you just eating some banana
and fishies right now and then we're
gonna head in to show and I'm really
excited good
are you and Dad hugs are you just
wanting to look over the edge
okay guys we're running up to school to
see Andrew performing body includes my
little brother scabies
David's here with us and we're gonna go
meet my dad and my stepmom and Rachel
and her man friend and we're really
excited and we're kind of nervous cuz
it's like a big role and her excited for
him so we'll see how it goes
Dave how do you feel you excited
fantastic yeah excited never heard him
sing before no one more weekend of the
show no right weekend Thursday through
Sunday this week come to for one ticket
ding do you know you got a cool uncle
pushing you around
the best kind of walks or Sunday walks
especially after you've had a pick-me-up
I'm experienced from us is it whose
handwriting you that are you retinol
captain hi
oh you guys I know you don't play it
feeling did ya
happy show we were gonna get you flowers
but then we feared money was better love
yeah you did great
I'll pay you back for the gas but I got
things yeah yeah yeah good oh yes you
don't like cookies your speak time three
does too
touching and eggs into your ice cream so
we saw Bonnie and Clyde today and I have
the pleasure to be standing right next
to
Jenica oh and glide what's your favorite
show you've ever been in it's just one
of them this is yeah cuz you've put a
lot of time into it a lot of thought
yeah favorite song you sing in the show
uh what was always good enough that's
the one when I sing to my dad gen what
was your favorite song in the show oh
gosh what's that
anymore no remember me that's what I
remember me you and this actually I
think my favorite song was a preacher
song I thought she was hilarious
yes Gaby super fun I'm so proud
look how proud I am of this he was a
very excellent neighborhood bank robber
bank robber yeah he did shoot his way
out he was like a dog back in the corner
she was way out making choices children
make good choices ha ha
don't get yourself you're stuck in the
corner dream big just dream big that's
it that's what Clyde did Clyde dream big
thanks for coming guys and thank you for
for coming down above people there
Thursday through Sunday I can't wait to
see the rest of you there are a couple
people there at the show too and they
said you're great they've seen you guys
they've met you guys before 200 so
Thursday through Sunday this week guys
come check it out Bonnie and Clyde
Saddleback College knowing you'll
remember him yeah oh we've logged it we
gave Andrew a card that basically said
high five
take it easy so cool our channel is so
emotional the fields around fleek
there's no what fleek me what I I'm
literally doing old now are you kidding
me I heard about that word the other day
someone said it knows what is laughing
are you kidding me no this is this like
right through them or not Oh sweetie
what's on fleek that's the dumbest crap
I've ever heard in my life
it's funny because in different cultures
when I was in the Dominican Republic
people would say things like dude that
mole today which is you're like a
muffler no Katara's a bow a Caliente to
Tommo flare your muffler you're behind
yeah like on the trends and everything
dude a muffler
yeah it's just funny how like there's
different yes I think fleeting CC never
die in stop that crap no more fleek both
nextt what's nextt you should create
something that's nice at least three
months already
thank you kidding me what's next let's
create the next like buzzword let's
connect that yeah that's like BAE sleeps
like BAE no yeah so what's next what's
next and let's create it
um shop that was so shop that was shop
yeah it works
what does that even mean it means like
it means good cool it's like sweet I
would that work
why do you say fleas that invented fleek
yeah who didn't invent who was the first
person that said the chocolate Bonnie
and Clyde is that remember me you and
this world will remember me and then I
kiss bang bang bang I think the most
kissing I've ever seen in any production
need to I think it's a really good thing
I've ever done in my life that such area
and now nice get off a fish how you guys
doing
where's the cat I'm still alive what's
up guys got anything to say okay yeah
yeah I mean I lift her at the deadlift
from the ground I know when you go down
no they get you from the bottom do it
from the ground do it from the ground do
you get tired during that scene at all
and you like dipper down oh yeah kisser
and then you walk up stage with her oh
yeah
and you know we'll be a little pitchy
Jen a little pitchy little off-key
lookout you do kind of get nostalgic
like I should vlog again or something
we're watching old hft vlogs this was a
sibling challenge video like it's Santa
holding the right this is before we
started vlogging yeah pick up my hair
like I'm nasty it is look at this this
was a nose we need to bring back each
fge vlogs no today's the day right yeah
I kind of miss it
yeah I miss it too kind of I say wait up
all night for the night now in like 1
a.m. and where's the vlog it's so fun to
go back and watch the old footage really
needs to bring it back you know why
because because he is know why because I
fine take it easy such a song
there we go back to Florida I can't
here comes Noah kind of felt good to do
again huh okay I can't haven't done that
a while
