I wonder if they'll think it's nap time
because this is the noise we plan is
sound machine when he goes to sleep
do you think it's nap time
good afternoon targhee Noah do you see
the kitty do you see the kitty oh yeah
it was not sure how he feels about the
kitties quite yet he's just aimed like
standoff who was gonna shoot fast no I
just woke up from his afternoon oh no
his morning that morning out but it's
afternoon he's just having a little
lunch he's still staring he's hypnotized
by the cat you tease buddy where's she
going wait a kitty go where Tiki to go
where'd he go so pretty today so nice so
today um we're actually going to another
wedding reception tonight my dad and my
stepmom Diane and my brother David are
all driving down from LA where they live
and they're gonna pick us up and we're
gonna head down to Vista where I grew up
and we're gonna go to my childhood
friend's wedding reception and I'm
really excited I'm so happy for her I've
literally known her my entire life 24
years 23 years my bad I'm 23 still yeah
that should be fun and we really good to
see a lot of people haven't seen in like
probably over seven years I haven't seen
a lot of people from down there cuz when
I transferred schools I didn't go down
there very often so here's my mouth I
feel lizard i solicited the widest oh no
it's gone all right whoa oh dang it that
thing went so fast up there dang o their
stripes oh wheres for a second I thought
that owl is real but it's not maybe
we'll go do something fun maybe we'll go
take no to the beach or something good
morning sweet world I am sitting in
traffic eating a carne asada burrito
with guacamole of course and some green
chilies I don't
okay hop salsa life couldn't be better
yes traffic and freedom
we are at the beach we take our going to
jen's favorite noise in the world I
wonder if they'll think it's nap time
because this is the noise we plan is
sound machine when he goes to sleep
do you think it's nap time do you think
his nap time no he sees water money gum
ok mr. standing for twenty thousand
seconds dang it i wasn't recording
because i was helping out there we go
here we go walk walk oh do you likee you
get on the sand yeah he hated it now
he's a little water monster no a gray
whale
go that is cold water wat more white
we got to go back to Florida here comes
Noah oh my god
alright I'm going to pause this and get
some photos that's the problem with
blogging we have to stop sometimes and
take pictures so maybe I'll put some of
those right here all right I think we
got some tapes no is loving the waves
what the and there's the sea lion on the
beach oh crap
okay and just like that there's a sea
lion on the beach
the heck
poor guy
this is the stage of the world I feel
like this guy who probably lights one
yet everyone is circling around them
those hats
yeah watch out man these waters are
infested love the beach we have to come
back
noah gray whales
I'd say that was a nice little
successful quick trip to the beach oh
yeah he loved it 50 cent he loved it I
think you could figure all day we need
to come back put our suits on although
it's so cold in the water yeah my feet
were get used to it though and watch out
guys I've been to the beach a bunch of
hands I think I've ever seen those
pop-up seen fish I've seen sharks that
seemed barracudas all sorts of things
sea lion and rose that I don't know okay
I go check check up on my mammals yeah
he's always got me to ended his vows oh
yeah I do starts to get to any hand in
there good right hey so chillin over
here but it look at you luckily you got
from Grandma and Grandpa for Easter
right now we're at her birthday Tampa's
place is right back there I grew up with
her I've not like her ratio of new
Joseph's diaper see them in 2004 so it's
a big reunion thank you everybody
together fine
no are you enjoying the reception thank
your enjoying all these receptions
because you get so much candy and junk
food never good face is blue it's like
dude I want some more of that lollipop
hmm another fun wedding in the books I
apologize about the late upload time for
this one I've been pretty good at
getting them up during the day while
we've been gone the past 24 hours we've
just been with friends and family didn't
have any time to slip away and edit our
time is very limited here with everyone
so just want to make the most out of it
anyways hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog Noah loves the ocean I'm so glad we
haven't signed up for some classes
because he is loving the water and I
know this summer he's gonna love
swimming in our pool at where we live
it's gonna be great hope you guys had a
wonderful weekend see you tomorrow
thanks such a song time going home
eyes on you you everything that I see
our Johar love an emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion see
