eve of water hmm oh it's good goody
goody pretty good oh all right you're
about to try this on it
let's get my pickleback pickle the arms
ya know we're a team what hey mom don't
make him choose you know he'll choose is
it funny oh good morning sweet world I'm
going right now to try on one of those
Apple watch devices and I'm going to
test and see if it bends
Apple watch depends yeah but I don't
love that means like the big iphones
everyone was like seeing your friend so
I'm gonna see if to watch bent laughs do
you think it will Bend I have one dream
in life to own a product it's a Tesla to
what do you think about the Apple watch
before even seeing it waste of money I
probably probably huh yeah a lot of
people just get it because it's like
Apple
all right we're about to let you not
comfortable a gold macbook cool can I
touch it yeah
against your skin and that they get
likes everything
loose you can obviously go a little
tighter
so yeah event her been gate
it's a good anyone is a min on oh yeah
the camera set up the camera nearly tree
or the group shot okay then run over on
your phone and make sure everyone's in a
good place and you can just be tapping
on the screen on the watch
blogging right now
alright Apple watch any nap employees
are cooler than watch yourself on the
macbook this is a lot more actually look
at this it's like all black skinny tiny
look out thin that wait look Oppidan
this is the new house a new macbook
there's a back boiler yeah it's an air
it's awesome visit on the air no its a
Mac the new macbook dude you got to get
on it you can't really tell them in here
right now but it's gold yeah I think
this is cooler than the watch guys this
is a good use of money if you're rich
which I'm not Tesla you can watch
youtube videos right there livestream I
monster me right now oh this is what's
up baby i'll get a Tesla hat everyone
here hanging out with me at the apple
store say whistle it's moving a little
fast do it Apple watch reaction cool
little piece of technology kind of
expensive what would I use it for
notifications cool taking pictures now
showing people pictures i'm not going to
do that that was hard to navigate health
yeah could push me I was worried that it
wasn't water-resistant that I would have
to take it off every time I wash my
hands but I found out that it is water
is a sense that's cool I think the
macbooks a lot cooler though the macbook
doesn't have USB Drive says it does it
so I forgot to look but I was kind of
underwhelmed still undecided whether
i'll actually get it which means i
probably shouldn't get it i don't know i
love technology hey guys national
sibling day yay a little scary and
because it's national sibling day i'm
here with my sibling a younger sibling
my older sibling younger and address
28 years old he's the oldest of us all
he really is 28 years old I'm not joking
he's really 28 but I don't act it or I
don't look it but you do look to me I
don't look 28 yeah I look like 22 yes
high-five you guess that's a you're 31
shut up we also have other siblings but
then I guess they're not cool enough to
be here right now they're not cool
enough they're too cool Matthew who does
the g life which I'm sure some of you
have seen then Rachel Andrew Matthew
Rachel Jenica David yep that's the
morgan he'll do you know i'll be
twenty-four of this summer no you're not
24th this summer serious yes are you
kidding me wow I didn't know that Jedi
thought you're gonna be like 21 only
what no he doesn't know anything about
me i shagged ap poopy brother all right
let's for sibling day for national silly
me let's take a nap okay okay three
facts about each other she was a
cheerleader in high and middle school
middle school and high school oh yeah oh
no facts about me she knew she was gonna
marry Sam after two weeks she gave me
fifteen dollars for gas today those are
stupid that's my Andrew he is very
loud and very quiet at the same time huh
likes me the best not true I like mad
the best he likes my son more than me I
that that's very true good one right
that's true and he look probably exam
more than me too that's very true too oh
okay Jim's favorite color is purple nope
what changed yep when did it change pink
no blue nope orange yep really when did
this happened Lauren come fickle Jen's
favorite color was purple her whole life
I like yellow too I like lots of colors
wow this so does the grocery store has
become
disney world to noah because he loves
driving around in his little car okay
mr. taxi man where to be kind of looks
like DD we need something for no one to
sit in and just relax in the pool oh cuz
i'm looking for like an art what a baby
went down there she's needed water that
should be one right there yeah that is
one but I want an ark he needs an ark
dude don't you need an arc teaching
ready
touch it here deep grocery active touch
it ill give ya think you took away my
boss gave me this nasty thing hmm going
to a wedding and we're gonna eat donuts
at ya look at this little guy you okay
can I just can we just play admire this
cute little known as little monster
shoes cuz he doesn't fit into any of
these dress shoes yeah he's so handsome
can't handle it alright we're going to
my cousin's wedding reception right now
and if there's music no one's gonna
dance we're all gonna dance bust a move
goodbye
whoa okay
like in the
oh there we go he go dance my bed dance
pantsed above advance I didn't with that
me
make sure you get lots of pictures in
this doesn't happen I told you that
because it'll never happen to do
Gordon
exactly we're dancing all night
yes God
what was your dessert that you chose
that's your favorite
Oh
hey don't say that about my baby
obviously
to the right this one
I think oh no has the best move this is
Sam's cousin what's all this is mark and
Jen should we stay with when we come
here won't even come in over here Derek
husband no they're not our cousin no but
like there are sex cuz we're related
does that make nor my third cousin yeah
right right second Hill I don't know
what for a second cousins her in or
third cousin
this whole time going home
you everything that I see our Johar love
emotion endlessly I can't get over you
you're everything that I need I want
your heart love any motion that's really
catch Ashley on fire
