you know what's going on guys
if you were in advance right now I'm
inside your head
estoy dentro de tu cabeza como estan los
cachorros loss oops those doors de Melo
chat is done
ie Comic Sans hurts my heart hurts my
heart see that's I read this can you see
me I don't think so
but can you hear me ah I mean your
speakers bang bang bang bang Bing Bing
Bing Bing okay
am I talking to Eliot I'm talking to
myself was that funny no wasn't funny
let it go oh hey guys um welcome to
today's live stream now your turn
oh you want you got to come over my mom
I can't find the chat like I never had
time finding the chat say what's up
peeps happy Halloween
let's see it's been a while since we
have been live I can't remember the last
time of your life a couple weeks ago
but oh yeah can you guys hear us and
everything see us I'm just making sure I
haven't a little chat I'm missing like
my other chat like my streaming got
reset or something okay I can see you
guys kind of anyways I was thinking that
we would just say hey what's up
no guys don't make me turn that off
not another day one more about needs one
more bad news
one more about needs okay
and it's turned off well yeah anyways
we're just gonna say what's up and also
I was going to show you guys how I like
to edit photos on the go because I've
been wanting to do more videos like that
please behave children yeah yeah and
yeah this is kind of a bad time because
we are about to leave and the kids are
acting crazy but hey we are live let's
do this thing
Jen how are you feeling today I am
feeling wonderful thank you very much
how are you feeling I'm feeling great PJ
hair you feeling today cute we got
Curious George fruit snacks that's a
snack of choice today and our plans for
the rest of today is PJ just woke up and
Monica and Elliott are coming over any
minute with their baby already yeah so
we we are going to go and go to a
pumpkin patch farm thing and just do
some fall stuff and pick some pumpkins
we learned that we can't pom are Oh
Christie Smith received the Legos
awesome
the person other person that won them is
from Canada and I had to felt like a
customs form and all this other stuff
and I didn't feel like I was filling it
out correctly so I messaged them and
they haven't got there yet but good to
know what was I saying oh yeah
here in Arizona since it's hot still up
this time of the day or this time of
year we can't carve pumpkins too early
or else they will just mold and be bad
yeah so gonna watch the dough Dodgers
celebrate at Wrigley congratulations if
that is the case don't sleep on the Cubs
we've been there before you know I said
going into this if you watch the vlogs
this playoffs I was just like you know
whatever happens happens I feel good we
won last year it felt great I didn't
feel like a dire need to win oh I didn't
feel like a dire need to win this year
but I will feel a lot more pressure next
year because you never know how long
your team will remain good um let's see
your someone said they're gonna throw up
when the game starts it's vanished they
said that gotta get home for the Cubs so
don't spend too much time at the pumpkin
patch what time does the game start
today is it in three hours or in two
hours I can't remember let me see if you
need to help them with anything that's
funny cuz I can show the photo stuff
guys it's really hard to vibe shame with
children and a sitting position
oh five oh eight so the game starts in
two hours and eight minutes
Oh predict the score Kershaw who is
pitching Kershaw and his friends Quintin
Quintana I I don't know I I mean I could
see the Cubs winning tonight I have not
been impressed by Kershaw ever in the
playoffs he's always worse in the
playoffs so he could also just go of
complete game shutout go to pumpkin
carving
the insurance creepy my son that has
watching a horror movie what's your
go-to pumpkin-carving yeah this you have
no a job yeah we're thinking we'd have
the kids straw-like designs on the
pumpkin and then we'd Karim obviously
they need a little bit of help I know
it's getting pretty good at drawing
though I think preschools helped out
with that I was surprised the last thing
about baseball real quick I was
surprised how many people that follow
watch baseball like the Cubs and the
Dodgers I didn't think there were as
many as there is so that was pretty cool
what's up Nintendo 2009 Karin Alexander
sokurov UMP khun's and bleach or vinegar
water will that help it last longer we
might have to carve pumpkins twice or
something PJ is singing PJ can you sing
let it go let it go
what's your favorite oh oh what's your
favorite song to sing lately oh okay
yeah alright so I was just going to show
you guys really quickly this won't be my
official like how I edit photos video
but I thought I would show you how I
like to edit at least when I'm
you just took that out of my hand I
predict the future water all water all
over my laptop like I was saying I
predicted the future there I saw that
coming
we should have put a cap on that you
think we learned after two kids um
anyways let's improvise how I edit
photos
no it's gonna be a Power Ranger PJ I
still undecided this is how I like to
edit photos and I'm just an idea is like
a quick little overview there's like no
secret to it and I think this is like
the best way to edit photos when you're
on the go most cameras allow you to
transfer your photos here wait a second
you have Moana maybe I should have done
this just by myself
real life guys it's easier to vlog than
to livestream solely it I can show you
my phone actually my favorite program to
use and I've seen some people already
commenting someone said snap see but I
do I like to use vsco that's how i
pronounce it vs see oh let me put my
iphone on the screen yes and see my
iPhone whoo
nice there is my background what's on
this page well very nice um so yeah I
like to use vsco it's an app store it's
actually free maybe I can make this
bigger now can you guys see that and I
think most people like a lot of people
that are into photography already know
about this app it's pretty popular oh
wow there's me let me take a picture
I've never actually taken a picture in
this with the selfie feature amazing Wow
look at that do you guys have like a
face that you make at the camera when
like your as a selfie I swear I always
like kind of like like close my eyes a
little bit it's kind of dumb I love
visco I've actually purchased this is
not sponsored by the way I'm just this
is all not sponsored I'm not getting
paid to show you guys this or talking
about this people just always ask I've
bought a lot of these filters over time
hello livestream I do not do not deserve
I thought that would cancel out texts
hello Dan Jake why so many unread emails
because I get so many emails like it
some of them are like years old probably
I need to clear that up and I have so
many email accounts attached to it okay
so I like to use vsco and I should
organize these into my favorite filters
but I haven't you can actually shop and
buy different sets but the app is free
itself and it does come with free things
that you can use I also like to use
these on the computer too Oh awkward
Ariel said you show me visco years ago
and I use it so much you were the one
that guessed visco in the chat this is
not an ad I swear it's not an ad I just
this is a thing like whenever I talk
about something in a brand deal or
something I do already
I like that product like I won't I've
gotten five emails today of people
saying hey we want to work with you and
I've said like no to all of them because
like I only talked about in Jenna's well
if I post something on Instagram or
on YouTube it's something that we like
okay so like I'm gonna be authentic with
you guys embarrassing story real quick
I'm working on my biggest thing ever
and I've already posted part of it and
then today I got an email saying hey it
looks like you didn't send us the right
video and it's I accidentally sent a
bunch of like outtakes
and clips and I think they forwarded on
to the brand and I'm just like oh my
gosh very unprofessional of me so I
quickly got the right one over but
anyways I'm not getting paid to talk
about this and even when I do get paid
to make content for someone I like it
okay will Jake Arietta resign I don't
know I don't think so it depends how
much she wants this old lady is so
fangirling right now oh well I'm looking
see you look how happy I have you just
cause you said that and here's this what
I like to use to edit I encourage you
guys all to try it out if you like to
edit photos yeah I took the head selfie
live they have my favorite sets to use I
should use like an actual photo but I
like to use a six and you can always go
back all these are like pretty good
black-and-white features anyway so I'll
go into them see - is like always one of
my favorite look at this photos already
glistening glimmering f1 f2 f3 I love
the look of those K - I like these these
are like like an analog look m4 and I
don't just like apply it and then I'm
done and you can also like select how
much you want to use if right you can't
see my thumb but like again you know I'm
saying so this is always a this is like
my go-to for editing on the go and
sometimes even when I'm not in the go I
think it's great I use the Photoshop app
I use Photoshop on the computer I
haven't tried the app and when I edit on
the computer I typically use Lightroom
and sometimes Photoshop but typically
larium so I can go into that right here
I just wanted to show you guys this here
let me move this so you can see them
because they're a lot cuter than me
sama it's all our photos but visco like
basically everything you've seen on
Instagram lately has been that way and I
don't feel like I have like the cleanest
Instagram feed I don't I definitely like
mix it up but not all my pictures look
the same but and sometimes I like do a
special theme and stuff but mine are all
over the place like hey there are some
photos look at these photos you guys
don't don't even see ya
loo these photos edited for day on so
let me just take like here I'll add like
a random one Noah has is that I think
I've checked right you haven't told me
anything sorry Vijay I'm blocking your
face you want to say something I don't
mean to block your face
what's my preferred photo storage my
phone is like 128 gigabytes so I usually
don't fill it up but I do have a client
line I have a huge Google Drive drive
but sometimes I feel like the speeds are
slow Dropbox there's way too slow for me
so I usually just put them on hard
drives after a while available for
Android yes it is available for Android
I have an Android phone right here I've
used it on both like exclusively okay so
here's a bunch of pictures I took a PJ
they all look kind of like the same
thing but this is kind of an example
look at the lighting was terrible for
this photo it was yellow
there were like no lights I mean you
don't bus out lights for like every
photo you take but I can show you what
am I in right now
how do I get back to like my normal okay
here we go so yeah you can see this
photo so you guys probably don't care
about this but to me it's interesting
it's y'all like yellow it is you can
actually edit that pretty easily on
Instagram right like almost anything but
with this I just like visco they have
all these different options your
exposure contrast you can straighten it
flip it uh oops crop skew sharpen
clarity saturation make it extra color
re shadows I boost I lift the shadows
and a lot of photos I'll have to go into
this more exclusively another time but
anyways to get it like Westlaw yellow
this is like really basic to people have
edited lots of photos but you can just
like adjust the temperature so see how
is the the white balance was super just
gold warm that's the word I'm looking
for
if I just take it and I move that over
this is the blue so like the right side
is yellow left sides blues yes we need
video achieved under John I see reading
the chat tell us Jen can you do makeup
routine I saw someone say lol so I
wanted to see she's playing with the
cord that the cameras hooked up with oh
I just wanted to get tangled up yeah
so you see how like I clean that up like
it was this and then I took it to that
and so like I wasn't a huge fan of like
the coloring and like composition of
this photo itself but like I feel like I
was able to clean it up a bit and then I
think I lifted the shadows just like
slightly probably didn't even need to
but do you see what this does it like
makes it so there's no shadows I
probably added a little bit of clarity
which is like the textures basically
sharpened it a bit and then this is
without even selecting something right
and then I can't remember which one I
went with it's probably like c2 or
something that's like way too bright for
me so I just like toned it down a bit I
don't think this is exactly what I did
but I feel like the before and after is
like significantly better it's still a
little too yellow gosh I I reset my chat
and I did not mean to turn this on
Janice thank you
we miss you it is fun running into you
so much Anita but thank you
we'll get one that when we go to the
pumpkins uh so yeah that's like how like
a very easy way to edit photos on the go
this is on your phone if I could
recommend like I said the filters if you
guys are looking into getting this I
recommend man can I see all the packs
that there was I bought mine so long ago
I do like oh I can see the ones I've
downloaded so a four I like a four
through eight six a six definitely you
can refer back to this
I think vibrant classic is definitely a
vibrant classic and mellow fade
definitely good packs looks like they're
bundled so I think I bought one of the
bundles bright and clean is good I do
like some of the moody underexposed but
that's just like a quick way on how I
edit photos on the go on my phone I
don't know if you learned anything maybe
this will change your life so
I'd love to like do like really in-depth
stuff but I think that's like a pretty
good little quick overview are you
reading something trying to read the
comments yeah put your glasses on yeah
there you go
here's the comments over here PJ just
left she just went into the other room
both kids it's interesting like how kids
act when like when Deon was here the
kids were significantly and then as soon
as he leaves they're like normal and
like live stream it's like oh wow this
be crazy I'm gonna like punch everything
you know PJ's more much more difficult
than no Elizabeth's age she's just very
dramatic Nicole do you send me one of my
inspirations keep doing photography
thank you awesome yeah I think
photography is something it's just like
drawing you get better and better the
more you practice so a lot of people can
pick it up get a nice camera and do
crazy things but it's definitely
something you have to practice I'm high
from across the street
Don look at my window I see your front
door just completely changed
this changed my life Oh Gina awesome
yeah the app was called visco so I'll
type I'll type today visco not paid to
say this I just really love this go on
the go and I use it often when I'm like
I added so much on the go because as a
parent and taking photos of kids and
when we're traveling or even just like
putting the kids to bed and waiting for
them to fall asleep or be nearby I'm
often just editing on my phone yeah
and that makes much more sense like from
a normal person like and not just always
having a computer to edit
guys I highly recommend afterlight for
editing over visco you can stack filters
good for an indecisive person like me so
there you go after light I feel like
I've checked that out that would be I
swear I've used that before I would like
to use the Lightroom mobile app because
it is connected with I'm checking out
after light now oh yeah I have after
light it looks like they've updated a
lot so yeah that's cool so yeah you
check out which one fits you best
because I mean we're all we're all
definitely you know like different
things I don't really cook I just need
to put my filters closer together and
visco so I can have one from the other
to see which one I really like
after lady's been really good bet it's
been really glitchy recently what's up
Christian Jay wraps Chris when he has
coming to Chicago again oh you saw us at
Brookfield Zoo when are we gonna be
there again I don't know we don't have
any plans in the near future because my
parents are yeah and then Christmas
we're gonna make your family so HP one
is my jam Julia hope I love HP one and
HP to setting photography in school and
I'm loving it that's awesome Jen any
tips for that what if it's a photography
in school I have a tip and I didn't even
study tip just like I it seems like art
school sometimes sucks the creativity
out of people something sometimes so I
think it's important to like do your all
do your own stuff and also like not be
afraid to go against what your
professors saying at the end of a your
professor is not here I mean if they
don't like it it like its identity it's
your art and like don't make them
changing I feel like that happens in
YouTube too like sometimes people don't
like something you do and then I feel
like I've changed over the past like
couple years and I sometimes wish I
hadn't as far as like different
how do you handle a postpartum
depression better wow that's a good
question
let's see how to handle post-prom
depression I'm still working on that
I've had a postpartum depression talk to
your spouse definitely don'ts to let
them know how you're feeling although
it's really hard because I tend to stew
and not talk about my feelings but
definitely look get help you can't do it
alone that's my tip don't do it alone in
that the next time you have a baby
you're gonna get I'm gonna trash you yes
yes well I'm gonna like yeah I'm gonna
yeah I mean your friends is experiencing
right now and you're talking to her all
the time it's good to have some yeah
yeah yeah yeah it's definitely good
because I don't experience it it has to
help fun if you have someone to talk to
you yeah like someone definitely knowing
that you're not alone and stuff yeah it
seemed really difficult though because
it seems like a lot of the thoughts that
yeah we'll get her it's like they're so
you manipulate your own thoughts really
with post-punk cuz your hormones are
just crazy you know anyway I hope that
you start feeling better soon
cuz it's not fun comes W today I hope so
umm Libyan situation we have we've seen
as there was one in the garage oh yeah
we said one in the garage they're
supposed to come spraying in this month
and then I killed two on her neighbor's
house like two days ago
the neighbor in the law they was on
their house and I saw him in the same
place like one day I was here so well I
think it's because it cooled down they
went away now it's warm Rebecca I'm the
same way it's hard talking about my
feelings especially postpartum
depression yeah so maybe I might get
this but it's not like it's easier to
talk to me about it she feels like I
used to felt you feel weak or something
yeah I like generally have like a
positive yes
even when I'm upset like he's definitely
and I was a pretty upset a couple like
thirty minutes ago with myself yeah but
I I never want you to feel like yeah
like I always tell Jenna I was like cry
when it out it's like you just gonna cry
like no yeah it's go away so I can cry
oh yeah do we ever argue legit argue oh
yeah yeah definitely way more since
we've had kids oh yeah yeah that's
usually like me getting in trouble
no it's usually me I'm always like the
pushover is the pan yes Sam is the
pushover parent and so I get a little
frustrated sometimes dr. Sir Francis are
I see that you're busy have a great
evening
we're busy talking to you guys but thank
you yes you too as well let's see
someone else that something real quick
who's your favorite cub Zobrist
mine was like Wilson Contreras for a
while this year yeah man you Brazeau was
your favorite brazil oh yeah they really
let me down though this playoffs been
absolutely terrible if they get the
their act together we could still be the
Dodgers and I know it's a long shot but
it's so possible my husband begs me to
come to him and try so hard to make me
happy but it's just hard talking about
it yeah so you never alone Jen feels the
same way like I don't feel like I'm hard
person to talk to you know he's not
I think you I think sometimes I make you
feel worse like like it feels worse I'm
like well you not intentionally not
intentionally but like if you're like
I'm just making things up like this
doesn't even happen but let's say you
said like the baby doesn't love me right
and I'm like of course the baby loves
you that's just silly if you like that
doesn't help
right right right do you feel bad no
thinking I've thought about maybe like
getting like a therapist or something
next go-around it's like sometimes even
it wouldn't no matter what I say third
party right right
yeah well because with my postpartum
it's like everything he does is wrong
which is not good no I just get way more
frustrated after having a baby maybe
actually I take the kids up
no that would make me more mad cuz I
won't be on that trip tomorrow oh I
don't know maybe possibly I really
really want some of the chinos yeah
it'll swing by for a minute
Oh Gordon Hayward injury I watched it
today did I ever see that person that
looks like me I there's been like 10
people that look like me I'm apparently
very onion eek looking no no it's like
half the people that I've tagged with
her I have their life much more together
however how did you get into filming and
photography and do you like creating or
editing better I got into in high school
and I started with like film photography
like black and white put the film in the
camera photography like old school and I
loved it and I should I wish I could
have just stuck more than that um yeah
that was really fun
miss Brewer was my teacher and I said
that getting a therapist is a good idea
it helped her a lot yeah I think it's
something that's like totally good
Howard on it Monica Elliott Nick are you
getting on there they're doing there's
like just it's so hard to be your first
first-time baby all of the struggles
real cuz you just life is a 180 and
you're trying to figure out like what is
life and you like don't know what you're
doing but they're doing great they have
no one staying with them and they're
still cooking and like cleaning and just
living yeah so they're doing amazing
well I was saying that when Noah was
born though your mom came in she was
injured too yeah take care of her wonder
if your next baby will be blonde like PJ
brunette like Noah I know means one
blonde one stop it no oh my god you said
we're outside who wants to see the baby
who want to see the baby should we have
him come in or should we just go I
looked at my wrist because I always have
watch on it I'm sure
I'm an idiot just find my dad's old
cameras Jen can you do a video on how to
use it like film that would be pretty
cool
are they really outside um I got in art
like not all right but photography video
whatever I just have been making stuff
forever and I wish I'd studied video in
high school because all my friends did
but I like missed the intro class but I
still okay I can wrap it up I still did
I still did projects with them so I feel
like I gained experience and then I've
just always been editing and creating
and then I did like little videos on for
a company a website called tout and they
actually paid me to do that so then yeah
I never imagined this though therapy's
great everyone can benefit from talking
to someone to deal there should be no
stigma or shame to it yeah for sure and
I think we'll push that for sure the
next time
oh yeah jelly creating or editing more
um oh I like a combination of more I
think I like the creating part mmm it's
like it's really 5050 sometimes I really
enjoy the creating part but then it's
like as I'm editing and I everything
comes together I really enjoy that too
like when I get ideas so all that stuff
do I miss I know I never lived in Idaho
but sure yes I miss it now honestly like
I feel I don't really miss you tell that
much I have I don't think there's been
one day where I'm like oh man I miss
Utah but it's not that I don't like it I
just don't miss it um okay well they're
here are they staying in the car Jenn
I just saw them alright guys well I'm
gonna get ready to go I definitely don't
want to delay them and the baby that's
my quick Legos everywhere for editing on
how on the go editing on the go I hope
you guys were able to pick something up
and enjoy it we love you all
visco it's really cool try it out try
the filters that are free and thank you
both
Thank You Lorna never been on a movie
set just TV Emma and bits and Clips
what's up I miss you guys
I always see your post on Instagram and
stuff and I'm like aw man I missin
hearing my own voice over and over yeah
I'm definitely that way I I hate like I
was gonna make a whole vlog about this I
get cut the thing the comments that work
me the most on YouTube or Instagram or
anything like that are the ones that are
like you just are egotistical you love
yourself and you I don't know all that
kind of stuff or narcissist or whatever
it doesn't happen often but when I see
him I'm like if you only knew like I
sometimes just enjoy being behind the
camera and I I have confidence in myself
but I definitely don't like to promote
myself which makes me sometimes a bad
person on social media because it's all
about promoting yourself right I just
hate those comments because I'm like oh
that is definitely not how I feel by
myself anyways okay yeah I'll leave this
up and we'll be back I got my stuff set
up so maybe I'll do some twitch tonight
and I'm gonna bring my nice camera and
try and get some really cool video and
shots at the pumpkin patch I don't I'll
of your voice I actually like I hate in
my voice forever I I think my voice has
gotten better like I I can handle it
more I think cuz I've heard it so much
editing so thank you rev war
for being here Sweden Sophie Thompson
Casey what's on my man Samuel best luck
to your Dodgers tonight and we'll see
you guys again very soon if you have any
other questions feel free to tweet me
and yeah we'll do some more in-depth
stuff that's just quick tips on the go
editing I love you guys we'll see you
guys tomorrow peace there might be two
videos tomorrow if you're lucky a vlog
and other stuff see ya
