oh my goodness it's a wild Californian
strawberry well
good morning sweet world we are here in
California the weather is nice the Sun
is a little bit friendlier up here or
down here
down here feels good today is kind of
one of those more chill days for us
before we go to Andrews show and go to
all these weddings and festivities so
we're just kind of laying low relaxing
getting some rest maybe we'll hop in the
pool if it feels good and it's gonna be
a great day I always like the different
plants and other places of the country
and world I think these are oranges I'm
guessing it could be lemons but they
lick oranges like oranges to me
considering they are orange but they're
so tiny maybe there's something else but
they got a long way to go oh look how
cute that little Polaroid picture is I
think it'd be kind of fun to get a
Polaroid camera later today is also the
day that you can pre-order the Apple
watch I love technology kind of
undecided I think it looks cool but I'm
not sure if it's worth it yet cuz like
why wouldn't you just use your phone and
if you were to spend that much on a
watch it's like you should just get like
a really nice watch number day is coming
up pretty soon
look at this
excuse me are you going dunk that for me
you missed do this dunk it dunk it you
know what to do just dunk it dunk it
again okay up there up there don't get
up there
chunky uncle ap it's been a minute since
oh the way just looked at me what are
you looking at Noah he's like this guy
that's been playing like who I am dude
out a lot of people hold on I just
realized I took a screenshot of this
because a lot of people have been like
yours APA look at this Jen please tell a
P we all miss him he needs to start
vlogging again and then someone after
that said we'll play his APM again and
then below that someone said ap
high-five take it easy I'm gonna go
watch old vlogs now oh my gosh everybody
dead serious when I was those three
comments in real G's wicked mile so here
is here I am come back okay I will
I'm busy but I'll come back we're
staying with my cousins and they're the
coolest people and nicest people in the
world and they even hooked me up with
these cool stance socks I got dr. Jay
Scottie Pippen and Chicago Bulls it's
like what the jerseys like the old
school one how sweet is that
this is called the sunburn it has
buffalo chicken bacon all sorts of
goodness
that's the Malibu
we got one yesterday and then we're back
for another we shared one yesterday this
is my kind of place
TV's sports delicious sandwiches and
their cigarettes are there too
it's steaming hot there it's people each
at dally may possibly be my favorite
sandwich I've ever eaten not too much to
say I don't know it was a freakin bomb
sandwich it is so good but you can't go
wrong with any of the sandwiches my
buffalo sandwich thing was so good I
honestly want to go back another time
before we leave
yeah huge sandwich man yeah we are it
kind of takes me back to like it almost
has like a New York Deli style good kind
of expensive yeah but kind of worth it
because a big village and we're on
vacation and we're on vacation letting
out a scene always wake up face because
it's really cute
hi
what is he thinking like making going
further Oh too cool let's go put our
suits on this kid is for sure a water
baby
he's loved in the water he's freezing
it's like ice cold and he just doesn't
care
hey oh he's so funny
Hey bundled up like a little nugget I
gotta catch'em okay mom I looked out the
window and what did I see a cat in the
window just staring at me
let's get him trying to get through the
door that's true
scary sorry stripes I think so Thanks
we had a fun evening swinging time with
my mom and my brother Andrew we even
took oh no you guys did see footage of
no swimming right I know but I just hung
out and lounge and then we decided to
come put Noah down to bed where we're
staying just because it's really hard to
like transport him now that he's bigger
and it wakes up really easily
so we wanted to just have a one good
night of sleep because these next couple
days he'll be up pretty late cuz we'll
be partying at receptions oh yeah I know
we're playing with stripes stripes and
Noah's passed out in bed times in these
drapes I think he wants to come in and
eat the goldfish what do you think of
California do you like it oh you do do
you like going swimming do it yeah you
seem to don't I know the water is cold
but you don't seem to mind it you just
like diving in
yeah it's pretty crazy anyways anything
else you want to say before in the blog
today yeah oh what was that oh okay yeah
that's cool
all right well tell them bye
well I know I don't end the vlog either
but I have to I just try and I try and
keep it around like 10 minutes long
what are you gonna watch on TV you don't
know survivor well people think I look
like that one guy in Survivor do you
think that - well I mean kind of I guess
all right say goodbye to everyone
hey bye what hi bye bye
okay I'll let you do what you want to do
I guess we're gonna go dance sounds good
to me
alright bye see you guys tomorrow
I love ya pace
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion see daeng makeup on fleek though
