maybe the airport's being harder when
they have one kid
miniature seats last row Jen how many
places this for no no no a four or five
there in back hey where we going
you say
Oh
as long as stars above you
ladies and gentleman Jeff Malone Airways
welcomes you to Long Beach where the
local time is approximately 1:15 p.m.
for your safety please confirm she fell
fast and think you're not enough
you made it it's kind of a rough flight
I think that was the worst flight that
we've ever had Noah he had started to
scream
luckily we had an entire row plus
there's no one in front of us so it
worked out perfectly
we're here we've made it to California
and we're with my mom and now are you
jealous people living in the u.s. like
four months old then five month old look
how big he is
man look a big me this is OG huh between
groceries the car was way too bulky oh
my goodness he opens the car one horse
he wants the car was the fun one oh
he'll get to set forward he'll actually
love that that's a great don't break if
it looks like she's grown she's like you
know what I'd be able to do this none
because he sits forward
hey you deaf eyes so your smella know
what hey are you trying hey banana sauce
are next to the sea Racha
hi guys we're tired we're in California
California hey we're here we've just
been visiting with um Sam's family
family and my mom I in a place called
beach hut sandwiches Joey deli
now we're just hanging - my mom's my
sister's coming up so we're really
excited and I was really really tired
guess who's here
my beautiful gorgeous beautiful lovely a
child astir but they were makeup close
your eyes look at this guy shut up Tom
there's the other one to you so pretty
yeah do we look related we look so
different
give me some glad look so tan I hate you
give you some glass sometimes my family
makes irrational decisions about like
diet very something that we say I'm on
vacation and I'm on vacation so I'm
getting olives yeah we're here with Rach
we're at the store getting water and my
whole family is like obsessed with
olives and green olives and purple
olives and I eat them I can't do it I
hate him no garlic olives that is so
burning some of that garlic um I love it
no it's my sister so pretty it's known
that my resume kick in some action no no
you guys are the breaths me kick in the
pepper pepper adds ease no Rachel you're
getting Greek green hot peppers no
that's what you're getting
yo check this out that's the same thing
that you just Brody this is not their
Holland's like it those are stuff
through the garlic
these are that's you guys antipasto many
this whole thing here feta is a good
that's blue cheese
no can't Blue Jays can maybe we should
just go pick up Andrew with all these
dollars scooping them up I only like
black olives from the candle
Thanksgiving Day this is a pepper olive
explosion of Ambrosia stream live but no
sugar I want to get sugar gives you the
last sugar
waffle meets doughnut a waffle nut
waffle man chocolate or sugar or there's
a the children Oh vanilla dough for
anyone dark I want oh okay we are
currently trying to find our brother
he's somewhere in this school there when
there's a walkway waitering we're so
lowering right now as you guys know my
brothers playing Clyde in the musical
bonding Clyde at Saddleback College in
Mission Viejo it's this weekend and next
weekend you guys should come see it
we'll be there on Sunday here it is I
wish whose name was on there it's
starring Andrew Paul it is watch Andrew
Pitts right here Bonnie and Clyde here's
the date and all that jazz
okay so you're coming it's not even the
preview is still sorry yes sir I'm sorry
we've been filming the whole thing
there's like three minutes barely not
even the whole song not even a whole
song yeah yeah you made out some girl
just now don't watch the rest of it I
just thought we got here during your
intermission my only complaint is that
your name isn't on the big poster we're
whole posters I want you to be like
starring and recall watch starring
Andrew Paul there it is he's upstairs
he's asleep Oh
like my kids okay I get changed
number-one fan I love I love how
rebellious they are they came before
preview even you know how there's a
projector up there and it says something
we're gonna change it to pictures of us
do it you know I'm talking about that's
right
where is that oh right there yeah that
we're gonna hack into that I'm getting
the ball got before midnight but I
perform a night but follow me
best type woman there is cuz I will see
tomorrow
love ya sometime
you everything that I see our Johar love
and emotion endlessly I can't get over
you you're everything that I need I want
to I love anymore Sean it's the offer
you in pyramid is it's all on TV
