good morning I can't take myself
seriously this is gonna have to cut this
later today hey let's see your new trick
your high five show us let's see what I
mean don't know by sudden the vlog but
the other day is like yeah we taught him
how to high-five in like five minutes or
I mean it was a minute and I was kind of
joking thinking maybe just a one-time
thing but he really knows how dude dad's
mom I kind of kind of burned him a
little bit not really just made him a
little bit crispy but they are so good
and I'm about to dip them on sriracha
mr. gray hi I'm just hiding the
vegetables in the sauce he'll never know
he's eating him and green beans hey what
are you having your mouth there oh just
like huge drop it I'm sick of cutting
him up so I had to just give him one and
see what he did with it and you know
he's taking bites from it which is very
good good job Noah good job hey you have
a friend coming over who's coming over
my friend safety and Sam we're coming
over are you laughing at that
Sam's laughing at that no doesn't love
when I do that to him
no laughing over here to here
Sam that's funny
no one is not laugh at those things
hello fat guy hello my channel first of
all say hi to each other family Co day
home yeah yeah so we're showing the
manager right now hold up sneak peek
bill look at that picture of Sam guys
look at that picture of Sam that is
quality and the feet right how are you
we were chilling in the in the railroad
like deep in country I don't even know
where we ran down those horses and you
put the tricks of hats on so I've just
been uh facetiming with my brother you
guys don't know who that is
okay and no is that and a really fun
package just came a really fun package
just came and you'll never guess what it
is the hipster look at all the ways you
can wear it it's right there on the box
I'm so excited
Sam is there any sport you don't follow
cricket I have no clue what's going on
when I watch that or really anything
that's happening in the sport but I
would like to follow it guys I'm so
excited because we're getting ready for
a first swim class yay bubby he's really
excited can you tell got a little swim
type a new little swim shirt we got this
last one that we took the place I've is
already too small yeah and this one look
at this one's already riding up and it's
12 months shirt but he's really excited
and I'm really excited actually I'm just
saying he's excited who knows how this
is gonna go um Sam can't go because he's
been super busy today working on stuff
so it's really sad he can't come film
for us but um we'll see I'll try to get
a few clips but we might not have
anything until the next his next some
classic Sam's gonna come the next time
that's okay we're excited and let's go
let's feed you a little swim paper
what's up fam Iike it's been a busy day
just trying to get a lot of things done
before we will be
for California there's been a lot going
on with tricks and been taking a lot of
pictures just working on things it's
been kind of fun I'm sad that I didn't
get to go to Noah's swim class today I
don't know dads are allowed to because
it's like a Mommy and Me class so we're
gonna find out today and then I'll
definitely go with the next one I'm
really excited to hear how it went
I'm wondering if no I liked it because
you know being in a swimming pool is
different than bath time where you can
crawl around and go crazy
so hopefully mom and Noah enjoyed it
how we swim class it was good yeah fun
eh I went under the water and it kicked
oh man I can't wait to be there at the
next was so cute he was so unsure at
first he was like where am I who are all
these people he like would not let go of
me like he was like like strapped to me
oh he's hungry we've really been working
on this one ready hi boom you just did
it so we're packing and prepping which
means this guy's got to go Logan just
sent me a text message and said that I
needed to check my door immediately I
know that he just got a new drawing
tablet I told him to drop me a
caricature on Twitter and I kind of like
made up all these different things that
he should include in the picture let's
see what's there part of me wonders if
this is a trick if there's like
something dead inside I think we're safe
that would be me with the straight face
emoticon having just done leg day but
also gone to sonic twice and si Racha to
Sam with love
Logan McKay I must say I do see a
resemblance the shirt the shirt is a
very nice touch I don't know if I would
ever wear shorts quite that short I
would definitely love to have a bottle
that big of Si Racha and I wish I was
that handsome I'm impressed
it's definitely fridge worthy
Danny just kidding
that says maybe I should pack first and
then maybe shave it she kind of wants me
to keep it kind of hey guys let's give
the blog we had a really fun time
swimming today I think no one's really
gonna like it
I had fun and this guy just shaved it
the most are you happy no I'm kind of
sad because happy I like the mustache no
anyway now I really look like a weirdo
yeah you did oh thank you
we're gonna do play tomorrow okay look
yeah bye mm-hmm we're going on a trip in
our favorite rocket ship Simon to Cali
for ya peace so just hold on
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion it's the
