don't run you know either hi hi yo soy
el zombie feet huh hi babe haha
hey guys me you know at well I'm not
Walmart we're at old navy all of his
pants and things are now two small he's
basically in 12 month clothes and some
18 months that we can fit in and I've
been trying to bite my stuff because he
grows so fast he just had a huge growth
spurt he was fitting in these pair of
shoes and literally a week later he like
couldn't fit them Oh crazy so we're here
you went too high say hi I've been a
little tipping speak today but I love
you guys we're gonna go find me some
clothes that fits these little pants oh
he's wearing you know like all this
leggings like all he's like sweats and
stuff for all a to shore and the cp's
going so fast and use me to be walking
soon I just can feel it I feel like
he'll be walking within like two or
three months like I think by his first
birthday help for sure be walking if not
sooner than that look who we ran into
that old navy haha you came up and
scared the crap out of me hi geun-hye
O'Hara spontaneous date with Noah yeah
hi nothing cute no yes you are doing so
cute whoa okay that was a challenge Noah
is not feeling his best today and you
basically screamed half time we're in
there that was really fun he's ready for
a nap I'm ready for happy also i forgot
to mention i drop my blender on my face
today so it's in a really good day so
far it was great this morning i went
into my workout but when you have a sad
Omri baby kind of excuse at an honoree
as well it's just one of those days you
know not every day being a parent is
easy breezy beautiful covergirl you know
some days are a lot harder than others
and some days
just wanna cry love it haha being a
parent it's art it's not always easy
guys sometimes you know we put we i mean
we don't really put like window is like
screaming or sad you know that's not
really fun to watch but it happens he's
not no we're not perfect or anything
it's okay to have those days those
things are gonna happen no that's his
hands which is good and some shirts for
california and let's just make Russians
j great i'm not feeling too good guys
hola hola amigos time here in the seal
is so as you look just like emoji dinero
amigo de se siente como otra para un
frisbee o el calor Azula no no no no
para mi dinero amigo de se siente como
tarun abrazo a mini neo Kimiko day oh
you think you know you're here you
wanted Apple I'm gonna let him teeth on
this Apple for a little while I'm gonna
make don't worry I'm and make sure he
doesn't take up too big of bites or
anything but I just put one of his
tutors in the freezer just to see if he
enjoys it you know sweet and maybe else
do this gums I don't know hopefully
we'll see you in likes apple I don't
think he knows what to do with it you
chew on it seat you yeah oh that feels
good huh gonna bite it eat some apple ah
thank you
oh okay we tried a new method of cutting
it up into slices I think he seems to be
enjoying it that's good that's going on
I'm just gonna be gone for a couple
hours but I miss you already just
chomping on my Apple am I love you oh
yeah mutt I get upside give us hugs bye
hola estoy gone adhan I don't be it I
pulled you guys earlier today I said
should I shave my mustache and most of
you guys said yes so I kept it
so funny I was cracking up he was
laughing so hard now he's trying to do
it he's trying the blue now he's dreams
of water but like I was babies are smart
you're smart mister oh my goodness my
girlfriend my girlfriend my girlfriend
knuckles the past like it'll give oh
we're just out for a little walk huh go
for a little walk mr. let's get some
fresh air thing no no don't bring the
grass oh go talk to bum go don't run you
don't mean it he's trying to love this
thing even more now that he's like wine
to walk more it's you I thought he was
doing sick of it but he still likes it
and he keeps getting back up every time
you put tumbles a little bit sometimes
he goes a little bit fast hi hi yo soy
oh you got it you got it high five yay
okay you can continue now he's so
determined hallo legs are getting too
wobbly you so cute I can't stand it you
did so well and the fun continues inside
yay lazy Wow coach kagan excited you
don't see that you don't see that often
did you pick them to win oh I didn't
know I pick Kentucky but I'd rather have
a Duke went over who's constantly I
wanted was a good just because of the
Big Ten
before he's from Chicago Coach K he's
from China I'm at before even though we
had spaghetti last night we are doing
ravioli tonight this kid loves his pasta
and mom loves when kid loves food and
pasta is easy we're gonna see if this
could likes green beans cuz I like him
like this I think he does too you're
buying them in your metal done it is
yummy these are today's really good
that's one vegetable we're still working
on broccoli we'll get there hey how'd
your Brett how'd your bracket dude I'm
doing so good yeah I think we need to
look it up right yeah absolutely let's
look at this stuff who was Rick's tank
bracket challenge it all came down to
that I know a lot of people didn't pick
duke i need to get my laptop right hey
everybody big news we have a winner for
the tricks and March Madness campaign
I'm so excited congratulations to the
lucky winner Alberto Elvis it is 80
knots aveda unfair it oh here's the big
prize everybody was wondering who and
what is the big price for the tricks
march madness aaron in you win two
kitties we're going to ship these to you
right away they both have tricks and
stickers on them and you win alberto
congratulate just kindle sign you sure
mustache is still here we're heading
back it's a little bit of a drive so
sorry John okay I'm meeting some fast
food actually I'm sorry to my body
because I might be participating in a
classical are participating the dam is
now officially entered in the park earth
as I am I really entered yeah we were
switched out sad was officially entered
in across the competition we are doing
in one month no three weeks so yeah I
I've had this bad habit of waking up or
still being awake i like to 3am and
eating and watching Bob's Burgers my
son's fellers want me to watch it and
I'm trying that so I was supposed to go
running with Aaron
and I might still do it we'll see but I
really I need some motivation to get
back in shape so my marathon in october
plus this race might help me do that and
i just can't stop looking at this it
looks ridiculous you look at that look
like I look like a car tuner I'm
inspector clouseau with your cheeks
perfectly pink right here you've
inspected so that's that from don't
worry guys mustache will be gone soon no
I like it kinda like okay I like it it's
kind of it's kind of sexy oh yeah right
guys I apologize with the blog has been
going up so late including this one I
mean I don't have any excuses it's been
busy and things have been happening i'm
working on a lot of things but i'd like
to get him up earlier like okay so
ghetto I just kidding thanks for having
patience with us always that's all I
really wanted man you guys are really
nice to us and Jen she's a great mother
this will make you guys happy though
check out that check out those pregnancy
things mmm I wasn't really bald well I
like this is as good as that nothing
seriously no look like a mustache on my
head forehead mustache for stash fourth
there you go well I'm gonna get this
vlog uploaded I'm gonna run up and get
it up to you guys so that we can talk
and you're watching this right now
because it's all mine I realized that
like I keep a lot secret sometimes for
someone that vlogs every day I don't
talk a lot about what's always going on
like what I'm always why did I I don't
know let's talk about tomorrow okay love
you guys by such a song time going on
eyes on you you everything that I see
y'all Joe Hart love an emotion endlessly
I can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your love and he
won't show is he I like an eye patch
