okay Bobby I think a visitor cake I
think a special visitor stopped by last
night do the Easter Bunny go
I think the Easter Bunny came should we
see if you can find your basket so
Easter Bunny publication of these
somebody probably should have left a
trail of snacks follow daddy follow dad
yeah I think so right over here shake it
what's in there are there treats in
there oh my goodness Easter Bunny
brought you an egg
this kid is getting smarter
aren't you getting smarter he's only had
to push more buttons on that phone and
he literally just was holding it up to
his ear like to his head like laughing
like I was like what the I always take a
picture and it's like the weirdest color
ever because he always puts a filter on
it anyway happy easter everyone I hope
you guys have a wonderful Easter oh my
gosh was it holy I think he was calling
he is Grammy you calling people now are
ya this is kind of new you getting
comfortable this is kind of new usually
don't just lay down and lounge you comfy
yeah you like the couch
hi hi come on Jimmy dance moves
I love you
we're teaching Noah how to wave hi and
bye which is a fan favorite hi either
way shoutout to Noah's El Padrino for
hooking me up with some Ciccone e's
usually Sam gets sent my sneakers and
their shoes and same with Noah I know
this scent shoes all the time but I
finally got some shoes fit to me from Al
Pink's out there like definitely
different and out there not something I
would normally wear pick out for myself
but I've been wearing them every single
day because they're really comfy and I
really like them and I love the color so
thanks Alex
I was so nice of you it says Happy
Easter you know that's from it's from
Grandma assemble for me a great grandma
she sent you a card it says Happy Easter
and there's five bucks a pair of pant
okay so I just like
I went to the store I wanted to get
Jenny Easter basket because for my
understanding at least her money only
visits kids and not adults I didn't want
Jen to feel left out so I got her
something you guys will see that in the
vlog tomorrow picked out a couple of
goodies
it can nailed it I think I nailed it but
ain't no Easter Bunny okay Bobby
I think a visitor came I think a special
visitor stopped by last night do the
Easter Bunny come I think the Easter
Bunny came should we see if you can find
your basket that's good the Easter Bunny
probably don't see somebody probably
should have left a trail of snacks
follow daddy follow dad yeah I think so
over here there's something over here
what's honor there buddy go get it go
get you cheat what's in there
what'd you get come on pull some stuff
out what is that it's not a toy for the
bag we had some bout toys Easter Bunny
must know how much you love your bath
time look at you guys oh cool wow those
are gonna be so fun in the bath yeah
what else did you get in there make it
there dude oh you see some eggs
shake it what's in it are there treats
in there oh my goodness the Easter Bunny
brought you an egg
oh dude
what since up egg have mom open it open
egg that's what's inside yeah you like
to eat
oh wow the Easter Bunny knows you well
okay let's save those for later what's
in this one
you got another egg shake it gonna like
to shake em more no keep your keys in
there
yeah oh yeah more treats more snack okay
come on there's more in here what's this
okay what's this oh those are some cute
summertime shorts these are some sweat
shorts yeah those look comfy what else
is in there boy Cup look there's a
monkey on it and there's a strong
whatever mom look at this guy why did
you get an Easter friend peep and duckie
oh man peep and duck your best friends
he's eating all of snacks baby Easter
but what you get from the Easter Bunny
my favorite white mystery oh the Easter
Bunny said those were hard to find some
tropical starburst jellybeans Wheatland
and Amazon giftcard for your Kindle hey
you're such a good mom
the Easter Bunny heard about how great
of a mom you are and wanted to bring
some things by especially when you're up
with this little guy I need to read a
book sometimes and this is why Noah is
so rough with other kids because of this
Turkey I believe we have a visitor bunny
Taylor oh my gosh dude I'm sorry
take your little bunny tail ha future
Noah I'm sorry from father to son but
you did like really think you tanned
sometimes you got to do stuff for your
mom Bonnie sama kibrik oh it bounced off
bunny dude I'm staring at angels they do
you mommy
me you it's a pre-easter picture oh come
on come here
oh he sits like that outside perfect
pose come on let's go
Noah oh gosh he's gonna try to get in
the dirt but today let's try it around
okay
today's our day he'll probably find a
way to disappoint me today but cubbies I
believe I believe every year I don't
know if this is our year maybe next year
might be the one after that but at least
make the playoffs and that leaves 100
games this year
Noah has resumed his leg a position of
eating really I don't
tails tonight first out of the season
first out of the season and like that
it's 1-0 Cardinals come on my amigos
tango Makoti in manana les voy a X
bigger birthday okay okay it's been a
wonderful Easter I love Easter I said
then previous day that I love every
holiday it's so great to spend it with
my family that's here right now and we
didn't die our Easter eggs yet because
well the Cubs lost and after that I
soaked in the corner for a good hour
just sitting there and then fell asleep
yes and then woke up at 12:00 and
watched an episode of two of Bob's
Burgers I don't know if I do enjoy it
Jen's brother is watching it so I was
like I'll catch an episode so yeah that
was our Easter hopefully you guys
enjoyed it hopefully you have some fun
and we're still gonna die Easter eggs
we'll just do it after Easter again how
we roll sometimes we just won't eat them
we just won't eat them maybe we'll go to
the store because like all the Easter
stuffs have to clean off now so we can
have a double Easter or save some for
next year anyways this guy he's having a
great day today life I love bonding with
this boy and I love my wife Jim we'll
see you guys tomorrow
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love anymore
show your walk to mommy come on come on
go walk come on go on come on that's my
leg what no these ones that hurt me
