happy Easter to all we are doing a get a
one-take today and Jen is eating what is
it white chocolate Easter Egg I'm done
recently Arden lard and sugar yeah would
you learn about white chocolate the
other day it's not really white
chocolate there's no such thing as white
chocolate I guess some chocolate places
use like cocoa still in it but most of
the time it's not really chocolate what
is it then
lard and sugar I think I said welcome to
it that's why I said it happy Easter
hope you and your white chocolate today
your lard and sugar I am dick your
little bunny tail
happy Easter happy Easter happy Easter
we're gonna die eggs later tonight yeah
again we're dying eggs not the day
before Easter not the morning before or
not anything before but the day I've
it's just I guess how we roll that would
be a nice little evening Easter activity
tonight you excited I just wanted to do
a quick get a one take I thought it
would just be easier to upload today
this and then do Saturday and Sunday
combined and a vlog on Monday that you
guys can watch I know some of you guys
get confused by that might get upset but
this is just easier on us today we want
to enjoy the day together we just took
some cute pictures of Noah it is Easter
outfit he's been playing with the bag of
dye for the past three hours but we've
been sitting here enjoying conference
general conference we've heard a lot of
good messages today one of my favorite
messages came last night or was just
talking about how families are so
important today but they're losing value
like people don't you know people don't
value families like they used to and
this right here is what I'm most
grateful for every single day this is
why I do everything I do yeah yeah said
family isn't like part of the plan of
salvation family is the plan of
salvation exactly I tell Jen every
single day making the family happy right
here this is all I care about every
single day when I cook up a tasty
cheeseburger it's to make my family
happy when I dance like crazy but this
guy is to make you happy yeah he's
pretty happy we're all pretty happy so
that was one of my favorite messages I
know a lot of us have been watching it
we've been tweeting back and forth Noah
got an Easter basket today and we'll
show you guys that in the vlog tomorrow
someone else might have gotten an Easter
basket to you no not me but I did
surprise Jenica a little bit yeah he's
trying to get me off track more
of Jack but what eating healthy people
sobbing oh I like the ring move that I
know I know what he's selling at the
Easter egg day say daddy knows been
saying a lot of different words today he
has said dad today
thank God dad mom a lot of us sometimes
like it sounds like he said I love you I
don't mean things comes out and it
sounds like it I don't think he's
intentionally being like I love you
right but I love you a new wave now wait
let's see you're waving mom hi mom hi
dad hi like I said this is what it's all
about right here this family I know it
all come from different backgrounds
different situations with our family
even me and Jenna would come from
different situations with our family but
work on that let's all work on that have
a United happy loving family that's
something that Jenna and I definitely
that's like our main focus every day and
I know we'll get tougher is we have more
kids and as things become more complex
in the days you know just it's a tough
time to live in but right here so that's
all about we all have different reasons
why we celebrate Easter one thing that
we recognize and I'm not saying that you
guys have to believe in this either but
we see it as the day that Jesus Christ
is directed and because of that we can
be with our families together and
forever in that one day we'll be able to
also overcome death so that's why Easter
means a lot to us and listening to all
these different talks has been very
uplifting I'm ready to take on
everything that comes my way I think
family is the most important and I love
my family the mostest yeah you've been
said today hey ones number two Connor no
I
yeah you did no I I was jokingly saying
jokingly we love we love Easter how
about you I told you guys that you could
tweet us with any comments quotes
pictures anything like that
let's go to some rapid fire right now
where's the giant bunny ones onesie I
think I was teased yeah what was your
favorite conference address my sister
Burton and elder Andersen what exactly
does that mean it means that what's your
Easter tradition anything
we used to do Easter egg hunts at
weekends but we haven't done any with no
on well it's an Easter egg hunts
yeah nice meal doubled eggs yeah well
we're doing next year I'm gonna be
honest too when did you become sports
fan day I was born
talk about Canada Oh Canada you have
some good candy
and maple syrup too what are you gonna
do another crane game hopefully soon
what are you looking forward to the most
when Noah gets older that's from Jess
having conversations with them my cat is
hyper attacking me and says what do I do
um stick into the rope give it some milk
where'd you serve a mission Dominican
Republic Santiago mission would you ever
check out your subscribers channels if
you go back five years and give your
today's so one piece of ice what would
you say I kind of butchered what Meghan
said but yeah I mean yeah we were dating
30 years ago
we were we're just I would say don't
love it bad thing yeah don't stress
about small things how has life changed
from starting vlogging as your only job
I thought it would be less busy it's
just as busy and if not sometimes busier
but it's nice to be together more often
yeah that's definitely the biggest buzz
hey Julia yeah all right
those were the first tweets that came in
little rapid-fire question answer here's
some pictures that you guys also said
what happiest uh
oh my hi finally a cute Easter Bunny
okay so this fog might be a little bit
shorter today I want you guys to go
spend some time with your family if you
live away from family or friends hit him
up give him a Happy Easter
and we're gonna die some eggs tonight
that means tomorrow's ball game might be
a little bit longer since it'll be kind
of like two days combined yes but so
we're gonna go down these eggs it's also
Cubs opening day don't hate on 1908
hopefully the Cubs win today here's how
many tips on dying eggs because I feel
like they never turn out their marble
and it gives you instructions how to do
it so I'm really excited try it and see
if they come out pretty last year you
gave accents and had some designing
faces all you know also a little buddy
Kellogg today and shake shake his booty
so maybe I'll put a little clip of that
right here
dig your little buddy down I'm sorry
mayor that's the shirt I got him like a
couple weeks ago when Jen's like go get
me some clothes for him have a wonderful
Easter if it's already Monday morning
and you're in Australia or someplace
like that have a wonderful week and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
love ya say peace feel like it guys go
ahead but sometime
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love any
motion excuse me mystery are you taking
your old shirt off now yeah
