what's up guys I'm Sam and here was my
lovely way no one cares ambika what's up
this is the bus
dance baby dance dance movie beyond yeah
shake it shake it good dance moves oh my
gosh you guys he was dancing for like a
couple minutes and i went to cover
camera and i would thought i was filming
but there was no space in the card so i
missed a lot of his dance moves but
Kelly Clarkson's on American Idol and
that's what we're calling watching this
morning and he was literally like he let
go one hand he let go of one hand it was
like bouncing up and down and it's like
this like past week he's been like the
first time he's really kind of like
showed us that he's like knows what
music it's a little bit but it's been so
fun to watch him dance it's been so fun
to watch you bad boo-boo hey the booty
pop right there go to pop booed pop so
funny I love that you starting to do I
think than this past week I swear that
is good crazy just chewing on some wood
and a little beaver what's up guys I'm
Sam and here with my lovely wife no one
cares ambika what's up this is the bus
cuz you guys want to know that what's up
what's up guys you didn't just walk on
campus I student
yo no one cares situation we've been
filming today kind of goofing around
with Stewart I can't tell you guys
exactly were moving I were working on
because then you know if it's in a video
I'm completely spoiling it but we did
play one-on-one and Dejan commentated
the whole thing for Gilbert yeah he was
alive live streaming the shoe phones at
the same time it recorded to my phone so
here's a little bit of that footage
that's about to go one-on-one with
Stewart hey folks right now who you
thinks gonna win meet your Stewart yep
oh you're a hit man
damn is filthy satisfied oh yes sir k 22
tied up
whoa
that is between the players on me
a win
mixtape out soon that's how we do it
that's the three gohardorgohome I'm
gonna take my jacket off take my jacket
off Shelby and Hugh are coming over and
I'm so excited she's on her way and
we're gonna have a little play date I'm
mommy play date and a baby play date cuz
I don't seen her in forever we live in
the same town we've been literally
trying to get together every single day
since I've moved back and like our just
Hugh and no asleep at different times
like literally they are on opposite
schedules so we have not been able to
tailor so I'm really excited that
they're fighting coming over if only I
had a couch let's just pretend I'm
sitting on a couch also thank you guys
so much for your love on my new video on
my new channel its kind of still weird
and crazy that I even have a channel but
I like laugh every time i watch the
video so I hope you guys are enjoying it
I had so much fun making it even though
when we made it it was super late at
night and that's why I look ratchet in
the video cuz I wasn't even planning on
like putting it on my channel but I'm
glad we did it's a really fun first
video where you have fun date he's still
chewing these two teeth still haven't
popped through dance baby dance then
little dense body rolls by the rose
since hair dance dance baby there shake
it shake what your mama gave you shake
what your mama gave you shake what your
mama gave you she could your mama gave
you seem so funny you're funny buddy
three bucks
yep
my
Oh
ok
yo hashtag stay sweaty when they know
will be playing two hashtags stay sweaty
team C racha wonder what the walks for
to walk for something something about
res r o kind of have Oh Easter we also
did a little game of horse which we
posted a Stewart snapchat i think is
snapchat is a Stuart edge but here is
that snapchat what's up guys
specialized
ok
Rachel's on the grass no we're here at
my friend Katie's macho look at this
okay it's so pretty Sam's here I'm going
to show some of the work yes okay so
these are these are called dumb prints
gum prints so they put one layer of
color down and you like expose it yeah
not gum it's like pigment stuff you put
one layer down expose it another layer
down of color like one layer of color at
a time that's why they all look a little
different and each one takes a week to
make so each one of these take a week
yeah but isn't the best so she used
older photos so they look like
watercolors didn't Shh touched it so
really nice now she's graduate she's
gonna go be a teacher and Idaho just
crazy like them they're so pretty and I
like him because I like watercolor and
they look like that
two of you
oh I think Travis wanted to be hung on
the block Travis is filming got to look
at we're gonna family Jenna this is
Stacy's husband Sam baby Sam's parents
Messier and this is Katie in the white
her show she's an artist behind is easy
oh thanks and Rachel's here and best
here with baby please oh excuse Oh whew
you sir let's give it away you're not
talking oh yeah thank you sir honey Sam
no hi guys I know you guys hahaha it's
like a little mini photo reunion
different offline go back to screenshot
there and tweeted and Sam alright here
Hannah call this banana tree
oh yeah
stop the music even this is clever it's
light bulbs with wires and they make
spiders where's Noah where's Noah hey
where's Noah you look you look here hi
where's Noah
hey
viola bye bye bye week boo they know
daddy let me out do you know where no
one is I'm Sammy explorer do you think
he's behind the door let's take a look
oh you want to get up okay get back here
okay bye bye bye comment of the day
Tanisha I'm jealous of all people on
periscope they get all the fun stuff I
hate it actually Tanisha I'm sorry
that's why I put some periscope footage
in the vlog today also because i wasn't
able to vlog what we were working on the
film for Stewart mainly because my
vlogging camera was locked in the locker
room so there you go Tanisha there was a
little bit of the periscope that's what
happened to playing basketball and maybe
I'll slip in a little bit of periscope
you know 20 30 seconds here and there on
the blogs I personally love holidays I
love holidays every single holiday and
it's Easter weekend so I hope you guys
have a wonderful waster you get week we
eat get a wonderful we stir me get a
wonderful easter weekend if it's
something you don't celebrate or
whatever just have a good weekend just
make the best of this weekend and have a
good time I think he's running might
come this weekend really for me i hope
so um for Noah what that for me is there
an age limit on that oh I don't know
I'll talk to him ok guys that's our
video we hope you guys had a fun day we
had a fun day and this kids running at
me and it's kind of good so just hope
I'm going home
eyes on you you're everything that I see
our johar love an emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion he's glad he can fill up and be
a
