hey my channel is up and my first video
so go check it out if you want to guys
and I hope you like it it's whisper
challenge and it was really funny and
I'll have more videos up weekly Thanks
say good morning good afternoon
zamak ah I've said a rump started by the
camera because he's really cute eating
his watermelon out of this bowl and I
didn't have to show you guys
he loves watermelon uh-oh uh-oh
I think he's officially done with baby
food he's over it huh you're over it say
mom don't give me that crap anymore I
don't want that baby food stuff anymore
that mush although I did try to give him
like real squash the other day like you
guys saw and he wasn't even of it but he
loves pureed squash so are you good are
you ready to dump that out oh that was
really cute tipping it over so you can
get the rest out watermelon can
watermelon can
you guys have any good things that your
kids like let me know Noah guess what
we're going today we're gonna go see
baby animals today huh I guess there's
like little bear cub and stuff so that
should be fun but we'll see we'll see
what happens do we get there baby animal
days where the vloggers these guys are
kinda cute oh yes the Buffalo Dan eyes
are supposed to be our baby animal
expert there what oh my gosh Santa
real-life reindeer people look up look
at the magical this is like a magical it
is tow hello buddy that's what I call a
real fish and experience
guys look at this backdrop for the
animal days see much better than that I
don't even think it's cold enough to
snow but it's happening and hawin dude
stay still cuz there's snow in your hair
it looks like dippin dots no like ice
cream of the future snow these bears
which is bigger a baby mare or NOAA
guesses
Noah Noah Brooke Brooke uh will go baby
bear how's my bad baby bear I'm gonna go
with baby bear Noah I don't know I'm
still undecided all you guys
monumental but but you answer the
question no one you're bigger than a
baby bear I don't know I think is it a
tie really it's pretty big sighs wearily
the sides like like old our pet okay no
you're the same size as a baby bear look
like possum oh we got that pole dancer
in the house no actually no super scary
but I've calmed him down his heart his
heartbeat has come to the resting
harpists in fact he might not be alive
super chill
the bunny whisperer the bad kids Noah's
in there right now no one needed a nap
so your day on the rest of the crew we
still want to live it up here at animal
days
I see the wild peacock look at that
masterpiece of a bird
show us your tail feathers dad's like
dude those are the horses from where the
rings fun fact they really are they flew
in my go to Utah I'm just kidding hey do
you think those horses are doing
Crossfit probably that's Gandalf hold up
 oh my gosh the real horse of
Gandalf with someone right now is like
screaming the name of the horse so
Jenica went home but no to sleep because
he was kind of upset yeah you really
needed a nap and since Jenica wasn't by
my side like she usually didn't my
grandma happened
I know right
it's okay
Sam just getting hit on my nerdy old
lady
Jenica watch out she is going for Sam
check something off the bucket list get
hit on by an 83 year old woman you got a
girlfriend that's a no-no I'm actually
married that's dull now say like he's
just irresistible No
so baby animal days was kind of cold I
wouldn't say was disappointing the Bears
the bear cubs were a little
disappointing they were just hanging out
with this old man and a little booth
area with a super long line and I
realized that this dude right here dude
you're hey you're cuter than any baby
animal you're cuter than any bear cub
you're my little bear cub I just walked
into the kitchen and I was like wow
Jenica is really overachieving tonight
we have tortillas hard tortillas and
soft ones
I didn't mean to cook those pregnancy
brain you have to be pregnant
brain meat for me each kitty was more of
your brain hmm either way I kind of sad
at these little baby animal days for
like the animals like those Bears
that's not right mm-hmm feel bad for
those guys look like they're treated
really well though they're cute yeah
those old men and
fold it up again during today's vlog
we'll see you guys tomorrow love ya bye
on you
you everything that I see I want your
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you you're everything that I
need I want your hot love and emotion so
just hold on just hold on
