today's vlog is a little bit different
I'm putting little music in we've been
trying to explore new places to eat I
like finding hidden gems this isn't
really hidden the place grown today but
it's a place that a couple of people
like see that also Jenna goes channel
will be up and running very soon tonight
I'm uploading the video after this vlog
goes up so it might be a little bit
later you might not catch it before you
go to bed but check it in the morning
I'll put the link to the description of
that channel trying to mix up the vlogs
a little bit do different styles on
different days make things fun and
interesting anyway this guy eats or this
foot up funniest thing to me he always
like awesome slips his foot up now he
takes it down of course once I start
blogging hey put your foot back up oh
there's the foot enjoy today's vlog it's
a little different love you guys
any pro Dalai
good morning sweet world but who is that
right there captain and that kangan
who is that that didn't I'm Becca hunter
can she look so big when did you get so
big it's just still playing on his head
is wider than his face yeah yeah yeah
who is that one foot is so big I
realized the other day that he knows who
he is when he looks in the mirror
because he was wearing a hat and she
didn't know it was on until I showed
himself in the mirror and then he took
it off because like are you pregnant
no way fools yeah you're getting so big
little bunny foo foo
guys when I was at Walmart I decide to
buy a watermelon because they look
delicious I really wanted one I can
never tell if it's like how would you
know if it's ripe because people are
like oh you have to wait and see if it's
hollow you like you tap it and see if
it's hollow I don't know what that means
I feel like everyone sounds the same so
I just picked one anybody know if that
sounds Hollow I don't really know the
hollow sound is supposed to sound like
also it was really mean because he
bought cookies and knows we don't buy
cookies and you don't like freaking
favorite one so yeah I've eaten two or
maybe three
we just don't buy cookies or sweet what
do you think guys does it look ripe and
me am I supposed to always just write
can't tell I need a bigger bite I think
it's right okay no piece of watermelon
for Noah I think you just ate the little
people do you like it buddy oh my gosh I
love that sound
I just love melon I think Noah likes
eating stuff more it's like I'm eating
it too cuz he knows like oh that's big
people food oh you know hey guys it's
just uh chilling relaxing with my bottle
of milk just chilling with my gut
hanging out and one pant leg rolled up
on this really squishy pillow oh I can't
believe I pulled the trigger I'm so
excited it's finally happening guys I
ordered a my mini horse my little
Sebastian Oh me this guy's little dusty
and he cost three thousand four hundred
ninety nine dollars I just got my order
through order number three zero four
four zero two four four seven eight
let's see a live feed of my minimap
horse you guys wanna see what he looks
like
what what what
well dusty why are you pooping like that
it's hard to be sarcastic on the
internet a lot of people fall for things
and don't catch sarcasm in this case
bonobos I don't even think I've ordered
from before send me an email and said
thanks for your order and I was like oh
man did someone like steal my
information and then I look at it and
it's a mini-horse
and it says the grand total is $0 I got
a good laugh I thought it's pretty funny
it's fun marketing I'm sure someone
though is like what I mean I didn't
order this many horse it's supposed to
be here in 122 225 business days and
like I said before right their previous
horse credit Grandal $0 hello there are
you in your big boy chair I guess that's
a yes
look guys I need help this is like a
pretty Japanese restaurant this the
consistency of the soup is very
interesting it's almost like jelly or
fat just like a kind of it's spicy sweet
or something like that my entire
birthday those at night yeah very much
and now we like them I'm not shocked
he looks like you right now
so what's this like as a bowl cut a very
short full gut
we live here very much
- that means anything else
to the bedroom sometime
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion would you get that flexibility
from I don't have that hey be sticking
your tongue out at everyone
