no is all about that booty poppin lately
he's just been popping his little booty
today huh shoot him know what I missed
it it's been since yes my doing them
twerk twerk work work work work work
ah it's over he missed it he was
seriously just dying like laughing and
giggling that's all i could hear from
upstairs what's up peeps we're packaging
orders right now i'm currently looking
for a box big enough to fit the latest
order excuse me sir do you think you'll
fit in this one no guess not Jen be
leaving any presents in those bags for
people buggers and our supervisors just
getting on our case she's like oh gosh
running a burger right now this is we're
gonna take this Polaroid of will hold
all these KMS okay I don't think there's
any field left but we'll try it ready
beep yep there's Oh why'd you say I'm
gonna go upload and get some eight no
just woke up but hook i haveta know just
look up and oh my gosh look how little
he was right you were so little in the
turtle outfit look at his cheeks
no loves to laugh at
absolutely
he's got marina
we are back at the park yeah I decided
to bring go to the park for a little
while before we have dinner and stuff
who move up from his nap and I realized
he has only been much today we just went
to the warehouse you can't really crawl
around and come there so we're at the
park to get some fresh air and some
sunshine on our skiing also watching
babies crawling skinny jeans probably
the funniest thing I've ever seen no was
all about that booty poppin lately he's
just been popping his little booty today
huh junam know what I missed it I do
that twerk twerk work work work work
work twerk Buddha pop that booty pop
that booty
this crazy turkey just knocked over that
entire bucket of toys look at him he's
still working on it he's still working
on getting the bucket off of the toys
like what I didn't do nothing mom I
meant anything you do not see me over
here you don't see me Mom but this is
usually how the floor ends up everything
left in the cubbies is out of the
cubbies he literally pulled down every
sip in will he owns and now he's tipping
over boxes good news he still likes his
Walker I'm very happy about that cuz
usually when we get him a new toy he
stops playing with it like the dang
jumper I really regret buying nothing
some babies love it my friend Joanie her
with aveda loves her jumper this kid not
fan kind of a jumper what's going on
everybody hopefully you're having a
wonderful day we may be having some sort
of guerrilla tonight or we all bring our
meat throw it on the grill the pan and
see which one tastes the best I'm not
sure if that will really happen but if
we do what you know and you guys up to
judge based on how it looks and let us
know which one you would like to try the
most no on the other hand is having some
rice and applesauce and semester when
he's Nelson zucchini and some zucchini
and squash and he's like mom get this
show on the road where's my food to eat
off the dread just want to lick it off
mmm yeah the same a nice and crusty
steak I just flipped it look at that
look at that
this is my secret people I learned this
from blue apron right here right there
baby all I gotta do here's the mistake
offering three pieces I'm Aaron diggin
ticket it's a steak offering one of
those like fancy wrappers steed bite and
smile there you
dan fighting smile oh no mams the
creepiest guy ever he's periscoping and
he's pertaining to play that wish look
I'm scary no one likes my face cuz it's
scary you look like bein I want what is
it me signing okay ready seems ok I lost
my pulpit all right Jen how many of
those have you signed do you think
staffs we got stacks we got lots of
stacks I think it's pretty cool that
these little postcards come with it look
that's a whole box Oh sign tonight we
need to go relax have some fun so we're
gonna go to sonic half-price shakes past
eight I think hopefully it's still open
I'm working on it all right do something
sweet something sweet yeah too okay okay
okay i'm working on this game okay I got
you after your 5 yeah what's going on
right now dude Thank You Man comment of
the day Britney Wilson asks anyone know
what Jen's channel is do we have a link
yet first off I apologize for all the
music and noises in this vlog I got a
little carried away and sometimes I just
started laughing when i add things like
that Jenna cos channel I'm gonna put a
link to it so you guys can subscribe to
it right now if you want to I've never
told you guys to subscribe to this
channel but if you want to subscribe to
jen's that'd be cool i will be uploading
the first video on thursday so thursday
my thursday not your thursday australia
it might be your friday actually in the
world a weird place in a cool way of
course but yeah i'm going to upload the
whisper challenge on Jenna cos channel
Tyler post the whisper challenge between
me and him today on his here's a little
sneak peek of that is why i gotta look
at my barracks on ok ok i guess i can
hear him dunkaroo knee dog dog treats i
like i like doctrine I like to do
dunkaroo knees in donuts we had a lot of
fun filming that I sounded ridiculous
guys I don't drink and some people like
it Sam's drunk no I don't drink I just
had the music up so loud and I was
enjoying it and just being obnoxiously
crazy loud so go watch that video it's
pretty funny I'm gonna upload Jenica and
Haley's version on Jenna cos channel
tomorrow Thursday her channel might look
a little bare bones right now I might
not have the channel or and everything
else up but believe me it will
when the video is there don't you worry
the next video after that she's gonna
post a nine-month update and we're just
going to continue to kind of roll out
fun little videos as time goes
challenges things that Jenica wants to
talk about and I'm working on my own
thing it's kind of cool to see this all
to come together and I appreciate you
guys patience because I know it's
something we've been talking about for a
long time also if you have any ideas on
different challenges you want to see us
do feel free to let us know I know
there's a mr. and mrs. challenge with to
do egg roulette I think the like what is
it backwards challenge would be funny
but if there's any ones that you guys
would love to see us to let us know i
also want to film when we go to
California next week with like Jen's
brother or something so let me know you
guys think hey where do you guys doing
over there you can watermelon without me
on that camera this is a sneak peek into
the future of watermelon mm-hmm YUM but
it's not like not ripe it just needs a
little bit like another day looks like
tomorrow and the future will be eating
watermelon hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog we played some mario last night and
we got to start recording that and
posting it because it was hilarious so
funny it was also like midnight so we're
all kind of like see you tomorrow guys
love ya we love you please kiss the
camera moves when watermelon kiss such a
song time going home
eyes on you you're everything that I see
y'all Joe hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your heart love any
motion
