wait would you say hey baby looks pretty
gross oh I can hear to get it coming
back oh my god
and now I got to go in the sprinklers
yeah like some weird poop in your hand
yellow
yeah you sure Wow
oh gosh I think this is gonna go for it
in those sprinklers Sam just dunked his
whole head he just dunked his whole head
in the sprinkler
oh where she got you good just named to
feed her and because now that the milks
come in can you say hi where did you
come from
where was she look at manga doesn't have
a baby in her belly anymore hey who is
that what's her name
re you CRE you don't want to wake her up
what would you say would you say what
did you say baby yeah we don't want to
wake her up just look okay hey PJ just
said baby she just walked up and said
baby okay
okay let's let her be let her be we can
when she's awake we can say hi okay what
is that what is it you say baby I know
you can say it is she holding your
finger do you like her
oh just one hand
so little huh isn't she she's so tiny so
cute she's got dark hair like you have
blonde hair the brown re re little feet
no they're not stinky two cute little
mm-hmm she's cute huh
I stink you toots you show Dad your arm
so dad your arm give him high fives you
did so good she got shot today just a
little one PG header well check up today
for 18 months it's pretty good I'd get
new doctor's office and which is always
fresh thanks guy transfer all the
records over yada yada but she only get
a flu shot today which I was all for
because she's been sick a lot already
I'm hoping that helps Jamie looks like
my head my head is your head oh you're
so mean I was like she was like 96 and
height 97 and height like 79 something
weight right how much does she weigh she
was like 25 pounds or something
I know it's 38 yeah no I got Noah
checkup for Friday to get him a flu shot
because he's a preschool now I don't
want those just stuff travels fast this
age so brilliant him a little food
sorry neighborhood has a ton of
Halloween decorations like more houses
than I have ever seen in our
neighborhood isn't even that big no one
wanted to show me a house and I'm kind
of like maybe you shouldn't have seen
this in the first place it's his
favorite thing to ride around oh look
what do you want to tell him about the
Isle Sean tell me about it real quick no
look at me look at me skeleton oh yeah
it's just pretend though I feel bad as a
parent that he's seen this specific it's
okay hidden little person he got this
spider and this like possessed thing on
a swing and then holy cow oh okay so
buddy he screamed so loud I don't know
if it was turn on fast enough to see
that what she's doing it but daddy's
going a little slower let's spin dad
Noah
Wow Noah you're doing a good job
climbing that
don't let her fall don't let it fall
hold on tight sister you're going faster
you are don't let her fall babe
well baby look at you go good job so
happy together wave PJ wave hi okay I
cooked one pot pasta tonight it's my new
like it's just like egg new easy go-to I
like it so much better exciting is like
chicken broth and vegetable broth and
some water and then like garlic and
peppers and stuff and so I'm just like
using water so way more flavorful I
think
oh my goodness yeah won't the doctor
dinner okay her activity tonight family
home evening that we kind of forget to
have a lot that looks fine so cute you
ready to eat some dinner so mom do this
yourself oh look at this look at you
look oh she sees yourself in there you
so cute
you so cute are you so cute I needed to
spend five more dollars at Target to get
a $5 gift card so ended up spending
seven that's how they get you right but
so this actually only cost me two
dollars technically when it does cost
seven but we're making this skeleton guy
is what I have done so far let me just
say hmm I'm not sure if I recommend it
it's it's a lot of pieces there's a lot
of stickers you see all this all these
sticker pieces I got a pickup there's a
little guide here of all the different
stickers that you put on each piece for
some reason I thought it would just
already have the sticky part on the back
and you just peel it off but no each
little sticky piece huh
yeah how are we doing on this we're
doing pretty well it's looking good
though we'll see when it's done
I'd say maybe just go with the wall
decal I saw it wall decal similar to
this that'd probably be a lot easier Wow
what did that time for them denying dish
me except I was throwing things away
we just got dingdong ditched go look at
the front door someone left something go
get it come on PJ go grab a Penelope
oh that's so nice
oh that's the best I love this as a kid
we've been brew dude that's who this is
we've been booted so I'm guessing we'll
have to boo someone else but I love what
they what's in there show me let's see
what it is so excited happy
yes you guys got share everything so I
got to go put this back on the door
that's actually I mean we've been saying
different things about our neighborhood
everyone we've met has been so nice they
watch football outside on Thursdays like
hey you come watch everyone from our
church has been super nice and we just
got booed
we just got booed oh this has to be the
coolest neighborhood we lived in just
because like of all the decorations and
stuff there's a lot of kids and families
I finished the skeleton man I was
actually I was short a couple pieces
what do you think did that awesome
gentle our gentle
