look at that boy up there Neela I hear a
noise then look up mighty Noah's face in
the window
good afternoon everybody
we are just about to have some lunch I
just got back from the gym a little
while ago because I've been slacking and
I can tell I've been slacking yeah I've
been really slacking with my gym
exercising so we're eating some leftover
broccoli no didn't do too hot with
broccoli last night he was not feeling
the broccoli or the baked potato I don't
think he liked the sour cream I think it
was like to like pay me for him but he
just ate two little pieces of broccoli
just now like he's handling a little
better I think I steamed it too long how
do you guys steamer broccoli it it's not
the screen right now it's a little more
brownish it's not as green and pretty
and I don't think he likes the flavor
cause I think I cooked it a little too
long but yeah and then I'm gonna do just
like a little piece yeah that's just
quick and he's hungry right now so
that's what we're doing we're doing
healthy and unhealthy we've got
strawberries and a little bell pepper
I've had him try a little bit he's not a
huge I mean he's eating it but it's not
a huge man and then we have some string
cheese now some broccoli so he's being
so silly right now he keeps trying to
smash his face and eat it from his tray
but we're gonna strawberry everywhere
I'm gonna do that that's usually how the
four ends up to like confetti literally
you had a lot cheese day I love cheese
cheese we're trying something new
it's called almond milk it just came out
yesterday well I tried it friend when he
was younger
instead of doing formula I tried to
switch to almond milk but he wasn't a
huge fan I'm so glad he likes it now you
like it today
we don't eat drink regular milk not
because like we're against regular we
don't like it I like milk I don't like
milk okay I don't like milk so we drink
almond milk basically
the drink that instead of regular love
20 turns one you know someone said the
other day Sam thanks a lot for making me
want that ice cream I'm lactose
intolerant and are allergic to milk it's
interesting I kind of am too but it's
usually like processed stuff like
McFlurry so I'll get like a bubble and
my throat it's like hard I mean I just
feel like I've to burp and it will last
like 12 hours so I just kind of stopped
drinking a lot of milk
I drink almond milk and stuff like that
but I kind of feel like I'm allergic
sometimes to look at that boy up there I
hear a noise then look up Makino its
face in the window I'm dying so I see it
again oh my gosh I'm dying right now I
think it's like he's loving this game
right now
I guess hear noise I'm like what the
heck I thought you could open the door
and I see a little baby face up back
he loves it would you do that oh oh he's
just so funny customer for life
yeah that's CrossFit right there
seriously 20 over 20 pound weight whoo
your daddy must be a sheep if you can't
carry you mister
delivery for me look at Grammy Finch's
upgrade your package can open it what
I'm gonna open it what's in there - Noah
look granny and Papa oh it's so cute I'm
so glad I did I almost bought him that
book seriously
and I didn't I'm so glad I didn't he
loved the little ears I love you honey
bunny oh oh okay you thought one of
those amuse you and then freaked him out
so let's see if you like like a ball
inside hey textures he hates the texture
of this item I was like noise he hates
the texture forget you so disgusted the
curd disgusted he is the figure watch it
watch and pick up did you know I am I
hate that texture I wouldn't touch there
with oh that's so funny this is the only
thing I've seen him react like this to
that Dexter so much which is malarious
you think people would love this it's
like squishy and he's warming up to it
now yeah but still he's like the only
time I've ever seen that face is when
he's holding an item of this like see
this it's just like rubbery it's cool
that like lights at there yeah
like that so funny yeah I'll get one
finger finger see thank screaming Papa
things gave me I really like my little
chicken breasts yes Sonny but bad oh I
guess it's that Papa cuz I realize that
Papa eat Grammy gracias
megusta remember we looked at this at
the store yeah what's up YouTube family
just that I hang out with some peeps who
talked about vlogger fair upcoming
conventions just YouTube things it was
pretty cool
I was watching daehan's vlog the other
day and he bought a bunch of these guys
because they're dollar each and probably
terrible for you it's a shout out to day
hun because I'm gonna have one of these
right now
and hopefully it will power me through
the night the reason being is that we're
gonna post the first video ever on Jenna
cos you know so I'm gonna go edit the
whisper challenge video it's already
10:30 I look like death Bay hon I hope
this powers me through it I thought I'd
grow up to chicken fried chicken but I
got a chicken fried beef steak a chicken
fried beef steak we'll see how does
sound terrible sounds delicious mashed
potatoes and corn yeah by the way this
shirt right here aside from it being
glorious and wonderful and kind of
fading away I love to wear it because it
was a gift to me from this girl
you went on a road trip here I went on
the road to Murray's dating engaged yet
or engaged yet
I remember you guys and I was like I was
kind of weird know what they were they
were just friends yeah but is generally
that much for a girlfriend like three
guys no you guys you guys exactly three
girls guys they're friends of mine
lifelong friend whatever it was nothing
like that I look gross anyway that looks
disgusting
enjoy does he get the beef ones though
he said he got the beef one one time for
the chicken one time and he didn't even
notice a different cover from beef steak
and potatoes yeah I'm most excited about
the great universe it's like just on the
freezer burn okay here we go
three minutes oh gosh entertain me for
three minutes
by the way we did another periscope
dance party Sam I could dance attack it
was kind of weak but we're gonna
continue to do periscope streams oh so I
think I just finished season two
apparently shows so depressing
no it's not I can't I can't watch it
because he walks and I walk down it runs
like oh you didn't know anybody talking
about well I'm fixing my delicious meal
that shows what you did at the bedroom
you so did that people are seem to
return it but like I watched it I
couldn't return I was in a lie so you
soda I moved it no yeah I stepped it it
was way too big for that washer and I
did it anyway Jen does get a little
gassy and one gasps where's the washer
yeah but she stitched it it's no good
bang poles that are in the washing
machine
why do they even need those in there
well it's part of the mechanism that
loves it spin know if they should come
home that doesn't need that because
that's why I couldn't fit in there
because it's hard to wrap a huge enemy
another idea came to her head and she
created the first washing machine
without the thing in the middle better
face forward that like growing this
instead of this well let's check in with
my meal it's kind of like Bob Lynn isn't
this might be my last walk okay guys
don't make fun of my sewing job I had a
hand stitch because I don't own a sewing
machine but there's still a little hole
here that I didn't feel like sewing cuz
it was just tiny but this was the
biggest hole kind of had like fold over
the fabric I'm really sad but it doesn't
look terrible you can definitely tell
this ended up stitching up a little bit
better
oh you guys I'm so mad at myself I was
so excited about this bed I mean is
Blanco we haven't had a nice like
comforter ever and then I go and ruin it
I mean at least we'd have a blanket
still that's really comfy and a really
comfy bed and I'm very grateful the
minute and a half until my palate my
tongue is tickled with ambrosia
Nick's acidity not making up woods
I had to stir the potatoes at a little
secret if you look at this sample whoa
calories 1803 it would be the time
that's less than a hot and spicy year
double cheeseburger
oh my god oh that's some good fiber
feeling good oh my that so do they hunt
sit on his vlog
what if Santa's vlog it's not on this
one what do you think is like good
source of protein this is more like a
good source of diarrhea a good source of
clogged arteries that's just all time
maybe I think you need some salt some
more salt on there wow that's good look
at that cut I don't even need a knife
check this out yeah that's Christie
Creek davon you like these things right
unless you gotcha
doctor I thought you ought to first you
probably like it mm-hmm
quite good may be honest it's salty is
it really how does that roll right there
got all three in one bite whoa that's
hot good seriously yeah I kind of like
it you would you would be end up liking
these things also I finished the tonight
dough
there was hardly any luck you ain't so
much of it this is my new dollar menu
yeah oh my seriously
together I'm not serious I'm not gonna
just I know something you're like it's a
one-time thing
I won't tend to try it though don't
think about it thinking behind the
grossest with a lot of salt
think about it like as a chef Gordon
Ramsay just brought that to your plate
and that's what it was and he's like
this is a delightful trait from the
Netherlands isn't really talked like
that
shut up to Bayon army you know please
don't do anything they be hmm
sweet corn oh my gosh I thought it was
Greece oh my gosh I was literally about
to gags I thought you're like drinking a
Greece from the dirty years anything you
look at you guys he like licked it clean
that'll really help the figure guys just
check out the description there's me get
these for 50 Cent's he's lying look how
much I ate of it he's lying guys I
actually enjoyed it I'm alive I'm alive
12 hours later I'm feeling good feeling
kind of refreshed other than that I
stayed up way too late
feel good that meal tasty so go get one
today there's a promotion code okay so
Jenna cos Channel though I almost
finished editing the whisper challenge
we're also working on her nine months
ever even split up some of the duties of
editing and various things like that the
video should be up this week I will let
you guys know it could be up tomorrow or
today if you're watching this tomorrow
and I'm just excited to get the ball
rolling it's hard to like jump into that
but now that we have first video working
on various things and it's like boop
boop boop
I'm really excited for the channel I
hope you
like it it's gonna be a little bit of
everything random I mean I don't know
it's like what schedule I'm gonna do
it's probably only me like one video a
week we're gonna start slow because yeah
we're start slow yeah all right we'll
see you guys tomorrow
you do everything that I see our Johar
love and emotion endlessly I can't get
over you you're everything that I need I
want your hot love and emotion paper
towel first spider
