go green why go good good all right he's
got out of church I we had church at the
same time as the game so I've like
missed the whole game except for what
I've seen on social media which I wasn't
following Michigan State Louisville
we're up one look Louisville Louisville
Rupp one with 21 seconds left we were in
the car I was driving Dennis got this
going and repel like stopped in the
middle of our parking lot just to like
start watching and we made a point to go
up one or two points oh baby here we go
here we go it's just a matter of time
before it all comes crashing down
you
you
12-point gamer of one this could easily
go either way right now Joyner goes to
the Final Four this is what it's all
about uh no fans no files no powers no
powers no powers no phallic free-throw
shooter burn moving in the fly over time
three seconds left so they make is they
make both it's like over hey sumo
stretch to his plan yeah Canadian boy
junior once the Dean duck Shels career
never burn the scorekeeper is manually
taking care of the clock today I don't
want to watch the pretty edgewise the
day
ah it went in it bounce all around if he
makes this Louisville is gonna win look
at this bounce look at his bounce see
that oh yeah miss it miss it go leave it
yeah go hit it sitting here watching
this back it's funny to look at just how
ridiculous I look sometimes when I'm
watching sports Noah can I have a
perspective when he sits there just
laughs at me like dad what are you even
doing it's fun to think though that
someday soon knowing i will share these
moments together the agony the defeat
winning the glory hopefully our Chicago
Cubs will win the World Series okay I've
lost a couple clothing items we got what
which I just my type up to 45 seconds
left michigan state's winning ah yes
Branden Dawson right win-win each other
up for up for 23 seconds up let's go
boys I'm feeling it no foul no fouls to
it boom spotty bugger yes no yes no why
yes it's over up 5 10 seconds left he
makes this is over
every time I say boom Noah smiles at me
boom sparty party may be on to the final
four I am so happy for this team last
year I thought we were that was our team
be all the way and this year you know
people know you it's tom izzo in March
we do people I don't like basketball
you're like what are you talking about
oh look at that magic johnson and down
missiles wife hugging dude you did it I
got chills right now I got to see you I
love sports love basketball go green
green bottle for you see what's up next
I'm sorry
here take this
did you sleep good you have a good map
big nap at his face yeah what's so funny
I know it really means when baby wakes
you up like that or whatever turn a half
hour nap okay what are we having for
dinner buddy ah well that's good sewing
off with an appetizer of string cheese
and strawberries because he took a late
nap and now it's in her time and I don't
want like him a bottle you know one just
wait for dinner so he's having a little
string cheese strawberry appetizer and I
want to get this thing of broccoli going
we're steaming broccoli we're gonna have
some baked potatoes and then Sam got
some steaks and I'm so very excited I
gotta cheat with my baked potatoes
because they take they could I take
forever to cook and so Sam sister
Courtney had taught me actually that you
can just poke holes in your baked
potatoes and put them the microwave I'm
telling the best thing to do you like
rinse them off from stuff so but today
because we're under a little time
constraint that's from doing I'm
microwaving my video so you can judge me
all you want but you should try it
because it cooks up 20 times faster this
will be at noah's first time trying
broccoli so I'm really excited I hope he
likes it because I wanted to start
liking more real like real vegetables
instead of just created baby bitch tools
yeah you keep spilling your berries on
the floor not on try cooking like I have
a zucchini that I got the store anymore
fresh unless maybe puree and just keep
those for like when we need be on the
road let's go let's do with it it's a
little smoky in here which can only mean
one thing cooking success my darling
right he is making that broccoli I got
the stakes going on there you got some
baked potatoes we got some orange juice
one thing you do lack a little surprise
mostly that sour cream we got smiling
faces strawberries we bout to have
ourselves a Sunday face bring a bit of
alien but let's go we've been having a
post-dinner wrestling match going on
over here well I clean up dinner no
likes to copy Sam now all the time
whenever Sam does no likes a copy it's
really cute you missed the pillow he
loves his dad cuz that's the only word
he says it's WrestleMania oh here we go
up the ropes in tanoa open all reverses
it somehow was on top of them he's going
for the pain 120 ah oh so comfy haha get
him know getting all right let's go
let's go push it man push it we don't
got all day we ain't got all day mr.
it's just a matter of time
meebo it all comes crashing down
it's crazy how much intro because just
like three days ago he couldn't even
reach that yeah yeah now he's just like
Oh yep well get any flirting and be
probably could
oh my gosh laughing I always joke like
lately and people two streams like take
your shirt off and call it justice haha
dang we miss ya there is i just got a
screenshot i got tweeted out there ah
before named the vlog today I just
wanted to invite you guys in Southern
California to go see a show with us
Jenna cos brother is in Bonnie and Clyde
he did he eased now Keith next week
we'll be heading out to Southern
California for a couple different things
and one of them is to go see Andrews
show we're really excited we missed his
last show but this time we will be there
and he is Clyde in Bonnie and Clyde he's
the lead so if you guys want to go with
us I'm gonna post a link to the website
reading get tickets i'm about to buy
mine right now I think there are 15
bucks or ten dollars of your student we
really want to do the saturday one but
looks like we'll be at the sunday show
230 p.m. makini theatre Mission Viejo
California no pressure guys I know a lot
of you live in the Southern California
area though i was looking at Twitter and
they say who's following you and where
the most people are from and it was Los
Angeles four percent of you that follow
me on Twitter are in Los Angeles three
percenter in salt lake city and three
percent in Chicago there's like the
three places I go the most that's cool
and you will be there Sunday April
twelfth i'll put a link in the
description if you guys want to go see
it with us i'm just trying to show some
love for andrew i know he's been working
really hard on the show will be there
it'll be fun hopefully we can pack the
house standing ovation Andrew no
pressure you better be good we've got a
lot of fun planned this week I think the
weather may be nice enough to to maybe
go swimming and we've never taken Noah
actually in the pool like in a pool pool
plus C a swimming lessons which I think
might start this week or the next week
i'm not sure but to me a fun week can't
wait hang out with the edge we'll see
you then love ya place such a song fun
i'm going home
eyes on you you're everything that I see
our Joe hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you do everything that I
need I want your hot love and emotion
