sure enough it was it and I have it and
I cannot wait to try it you look so sad
hey took your cheeks are you too
so I said up really late last night I
stayed up till yeah I don't know when I
really fell asleep I got in bed at like
4:00 a.m. I was just on a roll we were
cleaning up a ton it was it was good
though
I was productive it wasn't just like
staying up playing video games all night
we're starting to get our bookshelf
figured out it's kind of cool I mean
it's not gonna be exactly like this but
I'm pretty happy how everything's
panning out we're gonna turn this into
like a play area for Noah we took one of
his shelves downstairs and we're just
gonna have that like in the corner there
we're also going to be getting rid of
our card table or and getting something
a little bit more permanent when we can
still waiting on the couch which we'll
go from here to there and do nice oh
there's actually our couch right now Jen
and I cuddle there every single night we
cleaned up a ton in fact our room is so
much cleaner hold on let me take you
there oh this area right here there are
boxes everywhere now when we have one
more box a suitcase and a stack of books
this is what my hair looks like kind of
like when I wake up it's super thick
it's part of the reason why I buzzed it
for so long too is because it was just
easy to manage I don't know how I'll
organize this area but I've put my hats
here for now some of my hats this one oh
GG choke ah go bulls 1998 championship
hat with the tag and everything this is
a basketball from when my grandpa played
at Princeton he was the captain of the
basketball team there and I got this
last year when he passed away which is
actually like almost I think it was a
year ago from today which is kind of
crazy and I got some my shoes and stuff
and Jen she's it's cool that the place
has so much built-in storage it helps us
a lot cuz we have a lot of junk and I'm
just trying to organize all that I'm
starting to feel like I'm finally moved
in we've had a couple days here to
finally get everything kind of unpacked
and we're starting to make this place
feel like home hey dude hey dude
how was your nap you look so sad
hey took your cheeks are you dude oh you
guys wanna see something interesting
from all the teething I don't know if
you can see it but there's bite marks
like all along the crib alright let me
get you out let me give up man let's
party ain't Noah excuse me
these are bubbles dude never seen those
before
probably not not interested he's like
too distracted by something else I don't
know dude what do you think of those
bubbles not the Powerpuff Girl I'm
disappointing your reaction bubble what
but both he never makes that noise he
doesn't care not yet what can change in
a day in a week in a month maybe next
time I'll try again next time we're at
t.j.maxx right now just borrow there
yeah just looking at things usually
maybe just look at things just it's like
yellow and fun and bright no Ellen no
we've just got like the duvet but not
like that
duvet cover so she's no white white
blanket looks out of there
hello oh oh hey don't see yourself
that's where you in that's
watching conference centers teach a
woman's bad guy I was nimble to go
understand if you guys have ever
wondered what we as members of The
Church of Jesus Christ of latter-day
saints or Mormons believe in our General
Conference happens twice a year is
taking place next weekend so you can go
watch it it's on YouTube it's on Mormon
org it's on it's basically everywhere
you can find the links on Twitter you
can find the links anywhere teach you
new tricks it's called laying down a
very comfortable trick ready go here it
is ready do you need to see it again
ready like scratching right neck he
comes up and he's like hey hey no bath
tonight I'm sorry
snow bath tonight everyone every night
man we can have a bath every night I
know it's sad he sprinted up the stairs
and ran straight for the bathroom he's
like guys come on the water supposed to
be on my now no bath tonight I'm sorry
yes your track yeah okay so you went to
t.j.maxx we finally decided to buy
something we've been looking for a
bedspread for our bed for forever and
we've just kind of been using this
blanket we finally agreed to one and you
know it's pretty cool it's pretty nice
we pull it out as you saw playing in it
having fun and Jen wanted to wash it
which I was totally cool with she just
thought it smelled funny yet you know
whatever and it ripped it ripped in the
wash Jen was pretty upset so I was like
I'm gonna get her something to cheer her
up well I think I ended up cheering
myself up and I'll show you why
not only were strawberries 99 cents for
a carton but I finally found the tonight
dough we just don't need cookies and
sweets
we just don't buy cookies or sweet
watermelon sour patch kids those are
ball one has my heart
I just don't buy quickly they're sweet
has anyone watching this vlog ever eaten
a hide you finally finally there was a
website to locate it every time I typed
it in it didn't say it was in stock
anywhere near me or that even carried it
in stores and finally I walk up and I'm
not I'm at Lee's Lee's marketplace okay
my weeds these is a place you know it's
not that mainstream it's kind of local
to the area and their selection of ice
cream is usually the local ice creams so
the selection of Ben & Jerry was really
small I was like oh there's no way it's
gonna be here although at least look for
the one that Jen likes which is a Greek
yogurt like strawberry kind of thing
didn't see that then out of the corner
of my eye I see one lone carton
sure enough it was it and I have it and
I cannot wait to try it finally Jimmy
that's a night though I just want to be
like oh the tonight dough though I
cannot wait to try this so we will go do
a taste test at home right now and bag
number one chips I got this like clear
mountain dew dew shine it's not alcohol
I could just looked interesting okay eat
some strawberry treat there only $0.99 I
said he didn't want on the ice cream so
you know bad you had ice cream today
they're not eating it until tomorrow
looks like I'll be doing the taste test
tonight love you Jimmy
here's that wheeze they couldn't believe
it there's only one left
I'm just read it come on chocolate ice
cream with chocolate cookie swirls and
globs of chocolate chip cookie dough on
peanut butter cookie dough when I love
gems like don't get me an ice cream
cheese eating some ice cream
no I'm trying it tonight I've been
trying to get tonight taste test
let's go
this is my spoon no put it back caramel
chocolate ice cream with chocolate
cookie swirl and gobs of chocolate chip
cookie dough and peanut butter cookie
dough what tastes like ok the same bite
was a lot better than the first the
worst when I was like yeah the second
one I was like huh yeah half-baked
peanut butter I think I need a couple
more buts no you know what I really
think let it be known that Jenica got
her fair share of bites of the ice cream
she got some bites my reaction to it
tasty there's a lot going on in that
carton there are a lot of different
flavors of chocolate gooeyness in
current
the bytes with the cookie dough are by
far the best ones that true but I mean
you know there's a lot of things that
might draw you to the tonight dough so
the cookie dough bites really good the
rest of it pretty good I recommend
trying it if you're a big chocolate
cookie dough fan or just a fan of Jimmy
Fallon hey guys Sam is currently in the
back with this laptop profits on a chair
with it may have you go get chips and
dip for him I wish I get so funny anyway
but Saturday hello goodbye my hello
goodbye Nana here I thought you've had
common of the day before didn't know I
say Dada
at 43 seconds in I guess but neither
Sandra Jen reacted so I don't know it's
let's ask the man himself did you say
Dada Dada at 43 seconds into the vlog I
think he did he's been saying Dada Dada
Dada Dada so when you brought that up I
think it probably was because he's been
saying that a lot in yesterday in the
car yeah he looked at me he's like dad
died in the car like yesterday just like
I think you actually knows who you are
which is kind of cool but he says he
died that day
all the time so anyway so hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog that tonight though
though I'll see you guys tomorrow
love ya
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion hey where's dad - OH
oh there he is yeah that's me
