we're coming for you
good morning sweet world it's been like
24 to 48 hours since I've said dilate
every go BAM you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good it
smells so good like chick-fil-a sting
teeth you had some sweet cheese culinary
route to eat it almost looks like a long
booger it's not so good like chick-fil-a
it's not so good like chick-fil-a hey
I've never seen this movie but I keep
doing this to Noah who's trying to see
what's up right now hey hey you hey are
you look at me look at me look at me now
Hey look at me I just keep saying that
line I've never even heard it said I've
just seen the image and you know it
keeps laughing which is kind of funny
for some reason the cutest thing to me
is still when he just takes his little
hand and tries to grab a little case of
Dilla oh dude look at you
that's so cute your little finger got it
oh that's all gone already
hey are you are you look at me look at
me
yo mom give you more quesadilla now get
down
head to the chopper get down
thanks thanks mom
say I have the greatest mom and the
words giving me a deer though I some
buen provecho dolly
hey little feet hey little feet guess
what glasses
we're really excited that's all
I'm finally gonna learn how to swim
thanks mom for the deal Sam's on various
pairs go Aggies that's still not focused
oh here we go
hi blog hey what up familia what's up
family I youtube hello I love you hey
you're making Noah laughs you know I got
these and they're really cute and I
might have gotten some other fun things
I want more but I can't show you
Sam says I can't show so we'll just have
to wait and see but I do get some Easter
egg dyeing an easter egg dyeing kit
maybe this year we'll do it I'm such a
nerd it is way too late I need to go to
bed earlier than the night before Easter
or the date of Easter I think that's
what we did last time I were like I was
pregnant we just did that night Eastern
I think I don't remember anyway no no
one's down for a nap and then we're
gonna go to the park because that's what
we do these days which is really nice
that we live by a park because we go
every single day cuz he loves it
well we were looking for bubble soccer
yeah we were gonna go support our fan
base on but we can't find them so now
we're letting him walk a little bit cute
you definitely do not match today mom
fail on that one that's okay
you guys he's nine months today nine
months old hey Noah Noah how do you feel
about being nine months old cool look at
that guy you gotta get you nine-month
photos Noah every month we've taken
photos of Noah on every single day of
his life
we actually tried to take like a good
photo of him every like month
anniversary of his birthday so that's
what we're doing right now that's what
we're doing Jen since it's been nine
months she wanted to have a picture of
her with him like in her belly again but
she's holding him okay you gotta get a
pic look at this setup though it's
beautiful
should we do it again oh I found the
book of ball soccer you guys ready
finish missing me give you a glimpse cuz
we gotta go
yeah
it's date night and Noah is currently
waiting for his date not right bad are
you you're gonna stand me up I've been
waiting here for ya sup guys welcome to
my crib we got one of these tables wall
of TV's just thought I'd give you guys
the house tour let's get it did it just
kidding this is a place that students
can live near campus it's pretty nice
date night date night way versus pandas
oh I was like I don't see you saying
this date night felt bad for know the
other night so we let him go on a date
tonight we're the we're the third wheels
just can't get rid of ya Alina I did
that stream today and she found me I was
really fired
my little baby my little baby my little
baby
Sparty Sparty Sparta's bunnies bunny
spun is bodies bodies body let's catch
up on things number one 50k dance party
yeah it's no longer just 50k so what
we're gonna do and I mentioned this on
my periscope stream I've been doing a
lot of periscope stream for you did like
for yesterday
if you want to follow us on that the
user name is Sam I'm like doing and
thank you guys can read it but it's
backwards it's Sam for nd it's the same
as my twitter handle we've been doing a
lot of students on there we're probably
doing today at some point I thought I
heard Noah waking up but we're gonna do
something called Samak a dance attack
it's inspired by one of my friends will
include all of your footage that you
guys submitted for the 50k dance party
it was to be called the salmon and dance
attack and then we can do it more often
it'll be more about you guys so it'd be
a lot of fun secondly Jenna cos channel
is gonna be going up in the next 7 days
it could be even sooner it could be
Sunday Oh
Noah's Lake let me grab oh I got Noah he
just woke up he's kind of confused I'm
recording
Wednesday hi so Jenna Coast channels to
be starting in the next 7 days it could
be as soon as Sunday or Monday the first
two videos that we'll be uploading is a
nine month update on this guy you're
nine month old can you believe it
and also the whisper challenge that we
did let's see we'll be uploading Haley
and Jenna cos part of that and then me
Tylar our part will go on Tyler's
channel so that's kind of exciting and
that's things that we're working on and
I can't wait to show you guys ah dude
kids right after they sleep it's like
the cutest thing I'm sorry for sticking
a camera in your face Jeff do you wake
up you gotta boogie I need to help you
with that
oh I love this guy now I also wanted to
say thank you guys for all your support
in yesterday's video things you guys
said about Cullen and Katie just
thinking about them praying for them
reaching out to them saying nice things
it goes a long way and I really
appreciate every single person that
watches this video I feel like we have a
really awesome group you guys are great
so no anything else you want to say
let's take your tongue out when we're
done
guess not we'll see us tomorrow love yet
please such a song time
on you you everything that I see our
Johar love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you you're everything that I
need I want your hot love and emotion
you're looking at us huh you're looking
at us we're coming for you
