good sweet world hi everybody hi ready
to take on the day let's get it
you
what's up peeps I'm my office and it's
very bare I'm gonna move that desk into
our room I still need to clean a bunch
of stuff up and I'm really enjoying this
new space it's not that sunny right now
and still the light in here is pretty
good it's pretty good my lights not even
on this is what I'm looking at right now
got my desk I'm going to put my printer
somewhere else it doesn't even need to
be in this room because it's like
wireless got my speakers got my computer
got my phone and I'm gonna put I'm gonna
set this up and have like another
monitor I'm just really excited to have
a place dedicated to getting things done
and there's also a desk downstairs where
I can like move my laptop be in the
kitchen it'll be really cool we haven't
done a house tour yet we're still
getting everything organized i like to
have things a little bit more cleaned up
we still need to go back to our old
place and there's a couple more pictures
we need to bring over a plus i need to
check the p.o box and close it I don't
know when that's going to happen and
we're still debating whether we're gonna
have one here a lot of you guys have
been saying like wow the natural light
yeah I like the natural light it feels
good it's got a good feeling in here
most of you won't even care about this
but I'm trying to figure out too if I
want to film like this and 60 frames per
second it's a little different or 30
frames per second which is what we
normally do I just put you guys on the
ledge of the window and it like matches
up perfectly so I can sit here and talk
and work at the same time I'm weird
yeah this has been Noah's new favorite
thing to a in the entire house when he
discovers these in each room he just
goes ham they're fine he loves that oh
and you always pulled off a little white
thing so I take that from him very very
quickly huh hey you could sit and do
this for as long ago he will sit here
I'm right here oh and there's not let
these outlets are nice though because
they have little blockers inside of them
already every place to come with that so
I don't have to go around the entire
house plugging them up hey guys we were
actually at my friend Stacy's house
right now he's lining hang out with my
photo friends and little Sam so it
should be fun so let's go buddy do you
like those pearls no he looks it was so
much care but people really why should I
call why'd you take them off I'm just
getting so fabulous gonna love Sam come
give me on it hey Nona barista that I
see em your blog no he's tired he's just
staring at this camera hahaha I've been
keeps wondering why why Noah gets the
necklace in he doesn't know I don't ruin
that that's Rachel's look we're here
with Rachel and windy and it's like a
photo reunion kara people get offended
if you don't include every oh I think
it's a mini photo reason Matt what's up
peeps it's about bedtime Noah you ready
for bed he cheeks like a little red and
uncle daehan's over help him put the
crib back together a little team effort
cliff thanks okay take the village to
raise a kid a lot of you were like man
you gotta get that crib back up did you
know though that Noah's never slept
better than when he was in his little
pack and play he loved it slept through
the night slept in
nap you've never taken such long naps I
can play smaller so I can't move around
as much yeah when he's in this crib he's
like rolling around it's just like a
game so when he wasn't that he was
comfortable we'll see how tonight goes
hopefully sleeps through the night again
it is like it is almost 2am I should be
asleep right now I want to get up with
Noah when he wakes up in the morning
I've been cleaning up Jen's really been
carrying her weight I've kind of not
done my part she's cleaned up most of
her stuff and I still have a lot of
clothes and things to organize still
have our couch over there couch update
we still don't have a couch well we
ordered one it takes a couple weeks to
get here tonight I've been thinking
about one of my good friends we've been
doing this YouTube thing for over a year
and we've met a lot of good people I've
met some you guys online I've met some
be as in person tonight I'm thinking
specifically of our friends Colin and
Katie Granberry the whole family I
haven't met Granberry but she's awesome
and I hope to meet you soon graduated if
you're watching this colon and Katie are
two people that are filled with life
they bring a smile to my face whenever
I'm around him when I very much of their
videos they're funny they're great I
love him they've been going through a
lot lately and I know a lot of you guys
that are watching this video to could be
going through a similar circumstance
Cullen's dad passed away tonight and man
it just like hit me whenever someone I
know has a loved one that passes away it
reminds me of how delicate life is ooh I
was just looking at pictures of him
target balling a couple weeks ago you
know and I try really hard to stay close
with my family I call my parents all the
time my sisters and different family
members it's definitely something that's
important to me and I want to challenge
you guys this weekend to reach out to
someone that you haven't talked to in a
while whether it's a family member a
friend just see how they're doing tell
them how much you love them thinks it
happened really fast in life and we need
to take advantage of every day that we
have together I this is kind of personal
but every night didn't I kneel down and
we pray together we say a prayer the
internet is full tons of different
beliefs I respect to all your opinions
this is something that Jenna and I do we
believe in prayer
and we alternate on who says it and
something that we do is pray for you
guys you guys watching this right now we
don't say you by name sometimes someone
will leave a comment a tweet or
something like that and will pray for
you it's something that I enjoy doing
it's something just praying at night
with Janis it's something that's brought
our relationship together we don't go a
night without saying a prayer together
it's a good time for us to kind of talk
just gotta regroup at the end of the day
and think of others and like I said we
all have different beliefs and I'm not
saying mine are right or yours are wrong
but if prayer is something that you
believe in say a prayer for Colin and
Katie and their family tonight and say a
prayer for everyone in the family oh
that might be coming through something
similar or have gone through something
similar in the last couple weeks days
months years I love you guys I love
everyone that's watching this video and
thinking about you calling a kitty
tonight we've been thinking about you
guys a lot I personally believe that
you'll see your dad again Cullen I know
you're busy you might not see this video
ever but love you man and we're praying
for you we're praying for the whole
family and we'll see you guys tomorrow
love you peace so just hold on
on you you're everything that I see our
Johar love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you you're everything that I
need I want your hot love and emotion
see
