so I'm just sitting here minding my own
business when this kid gets this thing I
want to try wait are you bringing this
down here because we're getting rid of
it how am I help you how's that was that
bad let me try a try sure you get rid of
this should we get rid of the mattress I
think it's time that's why I was
bringing into everything it's not that
fast
he probably ate now right like a sled
just inside of it yeah
all right we're keeping the mattress
logging just started to you now I know
he's kind of taking it semi seriously
lately so I'm gonna go run over and
silly-string him you won't see it coming
hey guys while Sam works a little bit no
and I are heading to the grocery store
I've been slacking on my motherly wifely
duties like Sam's gonna do like all
grocery shopping and all that like
everything basically I'm just doing the
cleaning like I just said need to find
my rhythm again in this new place and I
am working on it I haven't found my new
rhythm yet I still feel like I'm not
don't live here quite yet we're talking
about on track I say we had a successful
shop the shopping trip weren't you buddy
didn't you have a good shopping trip
it's hard being creative with meals
these days because he's eating a little
more adult food in a way so we're trying
to get really creative he loves
everything so that makes it easy but
it's just hard knowing exactly what I
mean we're trying we're trying some new
things I got some news veggies for you
to try it's broccoli and stuff like that
so yeah fun experimental two weeks
mushy food I don't get this why why I
couldn't even get in my door and like
you try to get in your car thoughts
function the other person's car but when
they like blatantly park like in your
lane like in your parking spot it's like
oh well if I hit your cards on my fault
I'm just gonna say that they were in a
hurry they're like in an emergency and
had to run in a Walmart really fast
so her body Sam just made me laugh
shout out to my buddy Sam I guess he's
watching I don't know if he's watching
but if you guys notice them as soon as I
went live Sanders tweeted me this do you
see it ah Sam makes me laugh Logan just
started to you now I know he's kind of
taking it semi seriously lately so I'm
gonna go run over and silly-string them
if you won't see it coming
I can't go pee I'm rod casting
Sanja Stan just just busted the party I
hope that reactions not on camera
2003 met out I was like I told Logan
take your shirt off
I'm going a video bomb Logan T now he
won't see it coming for real though just
look for my silly string give me five
minutes here we go that scared me so bad
I thought you were Aaron it burns but
time is it I'm trying to push fun time
no bull Sam what time is it game time
whoo Sam question the Bulls game and I'm
gonna take this kids to the park for a
little bit because he took a two and a
half hour nap and probably would still
be sleeping if I hadn't left him keep
sleeping babe you had some practice
working with you two and a half hour nap
high-five
hey buddy these are big stairs Oh huh
she's up the stairs he's gonna come get
you now go go where you gonna go buddy
are you gonna go
oh come over here come this way we go
over the bridge there's a big generous
tranche 'la yeah I have oh this kids
getting more adventurous at the park he
wants to be climbing up with the big
kids on the jungle gym now instead of
just playing in the wood chips are you
climbing those stairs a little green
bean my orange beamed nice little wood
chips on the stairs
ball genin over at the park I was
cooking up some dinners very simple
tacos I like doing our own little flour
tortillas though you know you get them
raw cook them up they're delicious got
some cheese mister we're making it we're
making it right now we're making it and
most importantly here's the best
ingredient actually got a different kind
of Si Racha whenever I see a different
kind of Si Racha on sale like not the
normal one I'm like yeah I'll give it a
go so I grab this for like 75 cents the
other night doesn't expire soon either
which means it's either terrible or okay
but Texas Pete hey I'm cooking you
dinner you hold up Joey okay Cedella
going on right there dad they know what
how's that quesadilla buddy still need
to grow a couple more teeth to bite that
one off
that's funny this is how Jenna usually
goes and lunch and breakfast on the
floor here we observed the photographer
and a natural element as Noah tries to
climb the walls
oh yeah hello
I've been watching a lot of trap Tyler's
videos he is trying to post a video
every single day in his 20s he just
completed one year and made me realize
how much you can do in your life in one
year a year ago from today I don't know
what was happening exactly this day but
I can go look it up I think I might
start putting that in the end slates
like a year ago what was happening just
to kind of look back there's that app
called time hop and I'll get
notifications and see pictures of things
are happening three years ago four years
ago five years ago and it's just crazy
time flies before eyes and we don't even
realize it sometimes so just my thought
right now just something I'm thinking
about hope you guys had a wonderful day
today
we can't wait to hang out with y'all
tomorrow we'll see you then please
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion love yes that natural light
though right it's not even that bright
right now
