bigger than my wiener dog sounds very
weird yeah you know who these guys look
at this
he's told her the hernia
oh hi good morning what do you eat
that's I'm pretty good honey dude do you
like that wait did you sleep in today
till 9:30
I believe swing nein nein it's funny
though because you think sleeping in and
be like awesome right yeah I use my mind
because then his whole nap schedules
there's everything start up everything
huh but you need a little extra sleep
yeah
Dadda growing hello I just left and
upload the blog I'm back and head back
and Jen was nice enough while I was gone
- make me some see Racha shrimp which i
just got from Sam's Club I'm gonna give
this about your shrimp a taste test they
look like so you have two balls
interesting looking shrimp have you
tried one yet no I yeah like Buffalo
bites I've noticed that si Racha is
becoming like a very cool hip thing like
everything see Racha when really it
doesn't even taste that much like si
Racha
this has a hint of spice I mean these
right here see you ratchet pubs this kid
will not stop eating I think he's
growing or something he has to be like
he will not stop eating food look good
to you and daddy said he was laughing so
we have to operate when he wants to be
us he's got to get things done I don't
like when the carrier hey did you grab
the cabinet for me
oh gosh nothing glass I know what put
this on the top shelf dad
you always hold time you won't let go
no no want to force him hey guys we just
woke up from really good nap huh
we just had good naps didn't we yes we
did and it was like storming like crazy
cuz I woke up a couple times it was like
pouring rain it sound like it was
hailing and it was just like the loudest
thunder and lightning yeah you stay
asleep
you slept really well huh and Sam is at
the warehouse and then we were actually
heading up to Idaho tonight I'm not
really sure what time we're gonna have
there with dejan and everyone cuz I
guess there's a meeting tomorrow and
yeah we're gonna go up there huh
oh excuse you little Burpee boy but man
I that felt good I was really tired I
guess
also this kid loves Daniel Tiger's
neighborhood probably as much as I love
parenthood
it's a twat you like Daniel Tiger's
neighborhood don't you he like doesn't
really sit and watch stuff anymore cuz
he like just loves going around but
he'll sit and watch Daniel Tiger look at
him
don't you you love being a daughter you
do you're doing Dean on a little mini
road trip I got dad John oh it's day huh
it's day huh
Jonathan car we got Jenna Noah in the
back yeah I'm going on a little road
trip bus and we were out in this area
Jen ran in a race not to bring up the
picture because she became the overly
with me like photogenic girl running
girl and like she was finishing her race
and she was just like flex it's like
smiling in the moment and it was great
and you'd only remember that that race
you don't remember anything about the
city it was to my friends first
marathons the chief runs from Washington
and like my friend like collapse at the
finish line I remember and I was like
taking pictures I was like oh my gosh
what's going on he was fine though
that's just you know that runner's high
you get there to the end of the race and
then it's but uh yeah we're about to go
party ain't that right down
I mean dads they understand he's giving
me a taste of pokey and get all the
facts down dang Pocatello look at this
we got Marilyn Monroe in the bathroom we
got this flat screen TV got the mirror
there so you know much tell you baby
dang Pocatello living right advil ads oh
don't eat it he's Manning the he's
strong he's put doing that my himself
doing muscles we have a visitor and I
rim you can help but know it asleep he's
asleep y'all play ping-pong
let's go let's go mean you
the biggest dog I've ever been around in
my life bigger than my wiener dogs oh my
he just wants to sit on your lap he's
looking you just wants me a lap dog I
love this dog is seriously the first
thing when I came in here is like ah and
then I petted I started petting him and
then and now he's like with your lap dog
okay basically Sam's a dog whisperer
blondie blondie I need the girl come you
know the day Rhoda
nope from first grade teacher sent home
no isn't completing his assignments I
don't understand why every time a
student gets a drink he rushes towards
the fountain and makes strange animal
noises and beats on it your input would
be appreciated thank you mrs. Baker for
some reason thinking about talking to
Noah's Future teacher's and
parent-teacher outrace is one of the
sweetest thoughts I could ever have
hopefully he behaves and he's a good kid
but I can totally visualize that
happening the way he lives his life
right now as a lover of all things water
have you guys been enduring the meerkat
things my last couple meerkats
kind of failed I guess the connection
has been bad I haven't have yet to do
one on the Wi-Fi so maybe I should just
do one from home but we'll continue to
do those throughout the day it's kind of
fun to do so hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog tomorrow will be another
really fun day and we have to see us
then love ya
okay I had bet the camera this isn't a
head but just a hat head tap
you do everything that I see our Joe hot
love and emotion and this be
I can't get over you do everything that
I need I want your hot love and emotion
it's the secret clip hello goodbye 93
nose cheeks to defeat a small family of
three through the entire winter ha ha ha
hey I didn't headbutt it I just had
tapped it very lightly what is this
you're built and made and trained and
everything else to be asynchronous look
at that is exactly what they do but in
the water do something with the arms
I'm sure tired process you need one of
those legs you tired across this
