I love Sunday and Monday because it's a
time where I hit the reset button think
about the coming week think about things
that occurred to me in my life and
prepare for him lots of times Jen and I
watched motivational videos especially
on Sunday we just watched this really
cool one about these brothers that were
born without hearing my favorite part in
the videos they talk about the doorbell
like I was magic there's like there's
this magical button but whatever my mom
opened up the door there always beats
someone there and then when we open that
the dart no one would be there it's
interesting to learn more about people
and how they grow up my life has been
super normal my life's been pretty
normal too
and then I watched these videos and I
learned so much more this is about
listening with your eyes more than with
your ears it's super inspiring I know
there are some people that watch our
videos that can't hear you there because
people have said sometimes like time
slower or when the camera is not on our
mouths or our faces it's harder because
we don't have subtitles and various
things like that our family is diverse
it's awesome
I think this video will inspire you guys
so go check it out it was just
incredible because like these guys
they're all normal guys like they do
everything that everyone else commits in
fact I think they do it better
incredibly motivating so I'll put a link
in the description I think you guys will
really enjoy it check it out
leave your comment and feedbacks about
the video and what you liked about it I
personally enjoyed it some people say I
don't wasn't enough to genuine were
actually ugly cam'ron I get a little
excited so babe I'll do better at that I
remember each other we both get excited
he is really good at listening whatever
all right let's start the vlog to watch
the video
hello naked boy looks like it looks like
you're naked
this is outfit you even get a really
good picture of it I got one on my phone
which I'll show you right here know
where next week and we'll get a really
cute pic
hey nigga boy looks like you're naked
you thinking you ready Thank You diaper
in fact just got at a church we went to
the wrong hour of church it's hard to
explain but it was fun because we
actually went to church and our friend's
parents were there and we didn't know
they would be there and then we're like
hey what's up and then they met Noah and
now no it's going up the stairs sitting
here eating some spaghetti and meatballs
watching my boys party do work against
Virginia do all these meatballs
spaghetti no is always hungry fun if you
have Noah hey didn't anyone tell you not
to speak with your mouth full
anticipation me that's dissipation
as my cousin mark would say and Matt
Sparty's parties party party party party
party parties parties parties party
that's a chant they made up it was
actually the first day we ever vlogs
they made that up and that was for the
footage that was lost yeah let me watch
the Rose Bowl are you you're smelling
two seconds to go just went to the park
did our usual
play with the wood chips now we're
walking around actually I'm halfway just
holding them up
we just had bath time Noah is obsessed
with water we need to get him in the
swim classes because even during church
today there was a kid that just went
over to the drinking fountain and turned
it on and no it was like when he gets
excited he breathes with his mouth and
his little heart was bounding super fast
but I just took a bunch of photos off to
post some of them in the vlog of bath
time they were super cute night times
going hello hello nighttime nighttime is
by far the hardest time of the day last
night last night Jen was like maybe we
should record nighttime so everyone
knows how crazy yeah you don't like
going to sleep on you just want a party
it's like bad time party minutes like we
I thought that time was gonna last till
forever and then no we gotta put the
diaper on we got to put our jammies on
put a lotion on it's really fun really
fun yeah I was thinking maybe one of
these times left to set up a tripod I
wish I did GoPro just a document the
night time it's definitely a two-person
I'm the uggs in here it's definitely a
two-person gig sometimes as Jen puts his
it's like a rugby match if you can't lay
him down man
no that's the same effect of putting it
changing his diaper as he fights it now
it's like dude if you only knew man I
only knew if you just lay there and
we're good it would take half the time
right
but he doesn't know that so if you ever
were wondering if you're a parent or
you're just thinking about it you're
like man no it seems like a really good
kid all the time night time and I say
this week okay and I say this and it's
been like going pretty well
my time is interesting it's the worst
time but it always ends in hugs
Oh a hug I'm tagging in I'm tagging in
yeah yeah yeah and on that farm he had a
chicken
yeah yeah it's been a struggle to to
find Jamie's that fit these are like
18-month Jamie's controller Jamie's
right now like they're super tight in
the arm they are his arms are I've had
to stretch him out like crack a few
strings he doesn't have like Michelin
Man arms either I don't know why they
just don't fit through they don't so
small
got a big torso bud all right let's run
over to the thingamajigger and make it
thingymajig I can't wait to look back at
this
in 15 years and be like oh yeah I don't
I feel like this dude's got to be doing
something crazy like physical not just
with his energy so energetic and always
looks like tackle things I'm not saying
football but I think you can be a
competitive kid Jen better be a nice guy
that don't I don't know dad it's gonna
take you to the Final Four yeah let's go
Sparty on three one two three
dooba fit for me go so should we see
party body another song ready basically
I've been been watching on Parenthood I
did it you guys so me my friends like
cuz people know I love TV and some of my
friends have been telling me Jenny I'm
like yeah I started watching it like a
million years ago the first season then
just stopped there's like God too
dramatic but I actually love dramas he
doesn't he's like I love it every
episode is so depressing anyway so I
started watching it and basically more
down season two and I just started like
been watched binge watched all weekend
you never know it was sleeping I know I
just started season two kind of bad but
kind of love it it's like the only show
i'veseen on Netflix that has five full
stars filled in so I'm watching it and
I'm already hooked and looked first
season is done and looked so she um they
just keep going like eat after he
finished an episode the next one just
like starts playing it's like oh why
stop now
they're like I like folding and why
Ching and folding some more and watching
so any of you who are ordering these
feather shirts I'm touching them all and
no share it's never skins come across
well guys as you can see I'm really good
at going to bed I love you all and I'll
see you tomorrow
hey okay I don't want to everybody can
we have in that register that I'll let
you do it so just one
on you you everything that I see y'all
Joe hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion it's the tango you beautiful
damn girl you beautiful look at you guys
tell him stop head-butting the camera
you're perfect
