it's free here it comes this person been
to the mill there's a machine over there
oh he's stuffing his face
we're gonna be you every day huh buddy
he loves it he loves being out here and
playing these dang wood chips I'm
wearing shorts today to hopefully get
some color on these white white legs
he's definitely a boy's boy I'm just
actually just a baby
he loves dirt and try not to be that
like and asleep and it's like I hate
dirt and dirty stuff you just covered
and he's having a good time so I'm just
letting him enjoy himself okay puppy dog
for those of you that were around for
the meerkat stream last night on Twitter
I said I wanted to go to sonic it ended
up being closed I'm here right now and
you guys should look look at this line
there's a huge line here one sonic
strawberry lie made to come in right up
only took an hour to get but totally
worth it I also got Jenna chicken strips
sandwich and cheetah Boing Boing boy
yeah we're just taking Noah
well actually just ourselves their trip
down memory lane that's where you are
conceived ready oh just get what no one
that's where I was pregnant with you I
was bringing with you in there I mean
you made me feel very sick in that house
hahaha smiles now we're just heading to
the park that's over here it's a pretty
big park that we just walk to exchanges
people people still drive like mania
in this part of the neighborhood yep
should we gonna see the sheep meeting in
the back there's a rock back there oh
it's totally a rock
fluffy rock our old church building that
one interesting okay madam Park you look
like a big orange
we're here at PDA Park there are a lot
of people here like I would be able to
playing volleyball
Oh barbecue
he's just like mom seriously I can swing
by myself done embarrassing mom I
thought you were getting that cone for
me it is for you
circles for all three of us the guy
excited yes so you trying to get out of
it
is shaking the whole table he knows he
doesn't get that
don't get too much
yeah okay you got something you got
something that you cool I told Sam I did
not want to give him ice cream oh now
look at this kid
like what what are you wrong
there's no going back now babe
he loves it of course he does a little
little it might be a poison light thing
hey there yummy it's free here it comes
as far as making the meal there's a
machine over there
oh he's stuffing his face but the ice
are you saying you could yeah you could
see them grabbing your hands oh my gosh
oh my goodness oh no you guys this isn't
an everyday occurrence don't worry it's
an everyday never day okay this could re
means way too much food as is hi manga
by devil oh yeah if I go Conan gosh
feels good on this deep like as oh yeah
this tastes good look at him
it's past my bedtime yeah fun fun fun
fun lookin forward to past my bedtime my
OG famiiy would remember this some
nights when I was in school I would rush
up to campus to upload the vlog because
the Internet on campus is super fast it
takes literally three minutes four
minutes for the vlog to upload and then
the processing takes another you know
ten minutes sometimes it takes forever
depending on how you tubes fill in that
night I've been doing that lately and
when I've been doing it I've been doing
live broadcasts live hangouts I did a
you now a meerkat you guys been hanging
out with me and it's been a lot of fun
if I had a goal I think for the next
couple months I would love to do a live
like hangout broadcast you know like at
least a couple times a week
I was si every day but every day is kind
of hard but now when you can do it on
your phone no it's kind of cool you can
just go be doing something do a little
live hangout but you guys have kept me
company it's been kind of fun it's been
funny that I'm back like 200 days 300
days later uploading in the same place
that I used to it's kind of nostalgic
and I like it for some reason we're just
laying on our couch right now the
loveseat watch some catfish and I last
that two catfish episodes we watched one
was from season two the other was the
new one with Tyler Oakley spoiler
spoiler alert spoiler alert don't listen
to this if you haven't seen it yet and
you want to watch it they both ended
happily with the right person
yeah and we're like why's the last one
the known each other for eight years
don't get it I don't I don't understand
why I don't even exist because I'm like
if the person refuses to talk to you
obviously there's something wrong with
them I guarantee that there's something
watching this right now that talks to
someone they refuse to show you their
face stop talking did you show his face
and then it was actually I don't get it
like why would he do that
timid but like what if she doesn't like
me send me a picture like snapchat me
something there so sick sorry baby
social media is harder to hide now so
you're trying to hide these days
everyone hurts and hide everyone video
camera to like on your phone right
everyone there's like a friend a
roommate like there's no way they can
get in touch with you I don't get it
someone till if any of you are dating
someone online tell me about why don't
you understand it I don't understand how
someone could go that long without
seeing the person's face get emotionally
tied to them they're that remember the
most I might say that people always say
it there they were always there for me
you know in that sense and that that was
the one stable part in their life right
they don't want to give it up right so
why don't they want to see that why
can't do fee but you know that's why
they go to it what's really funny is
that like the last couple of since I've
watched the person who was doing the
catfish always end up in a relationship
right after that their relationship
ended because a lot of people are like
oh you're not who I was talking to I'm
not talking to anymore and then the
catfish is always really funny no not
the people like getting catfished the
catfish yours are always in a new
relationship for she's well we've talked
a little bit too much about that we're a
little addictive right now can I do you
are I just my brain doesn't understand
you can I'm watching you guys let me you
probably be catfished right now Toyota
say that without Papes its shout-out
sunday I know the last time I did this
it was shout out some day and someone
just sent me a tweet let me show you the
tweet
it's from Elly and she says you guys
inspired us our very first vlog sure
enough it is their very first vlog look
at this Meet the Robinsons and you see
that number right there one subscriber
this is the Robinsons they are moving or
I should say they've just moved in this
vlog you can watch that they move from
the UK to California how cool is it that
we can shout them out on their very
first vlog they have one subscriber it's
probably themselves just subscribing to
themselves from another account let's
see how high I can raise if I remember
what I created account I like subscribe
to the my other like original YouTube
account anyways how cool would it be to
see how high we can raise that number
the 1 subscriber and I'm excited to
actually see how this goes the move from
the UK to California I'm excited to see
how they adapt what they think of
various things in the United States
they've got a great name meet the
Robinson
Peter Robinson so that is this week
shout out guys I'll put a link in the
description go check them out let's see
how high we can raise that number from 1
why don't we what a sweet way to start
vlogging yeah go go go go do it we just
wanna sing good night do you for making
up the song right now we'll say it
tomorrow Jack Black facing you think
it's not like Jimmy Fallon Jimmy Fallon
doesn't sing like that
yes he has arounds love you love you
spike such a song time going home
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and he
won't show it see he looks like Jimmy
Fallon doesn't he know that's not sure
at all I don't know why she says that
it's not true crazy
