it's so long right now
we got snacks today this is our week for
snacks I got these because these
reminded me of playing as a kid you know
these are the best you rip off the top
got that nice little drink put those in
yeah got some healthier fruit snacks
oranges Noah's getting his hair done
how you feeling you feeling good about
today's game what color hair you're
gonna have green how many good goals
against for today five maybe more PJ how
you feeling good
coach daehan's here
rough day at the soccer field today
hi-yah nice about a throw the way
through the game today mr. mr. gray back
here decided that he was just done for
the day just didn't really want to play
and you know uncle D came all the way
out we tried to get him back in the game
he decide he want to but he said he
would play next week he's only three
can't push him too hard so we decided to
come back to the field after the game
we've been just running around playing
soccer football for the past hour this
way yeah
now no one day hon look like twins Noah
had to take his shirt off be like
seriously hey I don't want to say this
but he kind of looks like your son right
now
stand by me so until next week my man
and then we waited in line for 40
minutes of food that good as we choose
yeah look at Dan look at this they line
and give me four or five people
you know what kind of triangle organic
soda they just are getting soda so does
that mean it's healthy this something to
licorice in that bag cream no got a
hotdog pj8 before we can make goodness
well babe okay let me show first thing
you can do it
we finished our decorating so I'm just
blocking out our address
we've got cobwebs we've got the lights
up it looked kind of crazy but that's
okay because it can be crazy it's
Halloween see it look spooky let's do it
sis let's make some ghosts you guys
we're at the hospital we're about to go
meet baby Hawks and we're really excited
I'm like so excited it's like after nine
Cubs lost but we get to see a cute and
brand-new baby timing was perfect
because the babies our babies fell
asleep right as the game was ending yes
like baby Cubs baby comes baby Cubs
right so they changed her name from the
name that they had yesterday they were
named for poppy no no how can you say
that yeah they're gonna name their in
the name of Erika what they're now they
were gonna name her uh Fiona no Elsa no
they're you're named her puppy but
they're not on your puppy anymore
anyways let's go mate
it's kind of new daddy really special
like I broke down crying so hard to do
this after you slipped and her better
before you slept in her bed
are you okay Barre chord hey what did I
say I said like 8.6
all right crypto or the baby here there
you go congratulations I was like so mad
I was like you're kidding me well you're
not good how much authority do you have
no idea so my water broke and it was
like literally a gallon of water feed oh
hell yeah and then she came out it's
also she came out no I'm like walking to
see the baby oh my can I turn over and I
see him just like pull something out and
then right after the placenta popped out
it was just this yellow
no I was so drugged the doctor was like
wait who does she look like
guys I'm just so happy I like no this is
your baby
yeah embrace it embrace it embrace these
weeks forgot to end the vlog once we got
home but it was really fun meeting baby
Hawks our hearts are just so full I was
like getting chills as I walked in as I
sitting there as I see them I was like
Oh PJ do you think do you want what do
you want to be forever man what do you
want to be for Halloween huh what about
you buddy we were watching some power
injury up so does the other day and now
I started singing the theme song and I
was just like my childhood
the soccer Jake's my son it's really
life is good
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog we'll
see you guys tomorrow
I never it's awesome they go in with the
Halloween decorations
