when I yes Tamika let's get a mucho get
it i see ok dad that bad yes hang on
we're by
hey guys it's Friday the weekend and
it's really weird because it's the first
day Tyler and Haley out here it's quiet
I just cleaned up and back and stuff
today actually my friend Shelby is gonna
come over with her baby Hugh but I go to
the park or something and I don't know
probably just be unpacking we'll see you
guys have a good day see I this kid very
afraid of the vacuum very afraid of the
vacuum huh yeah that's okay we really
only come to the park for the wood chips
we like the wood chips here don't you
know what the only like those wood chips
big build the pilum throw them away this
might be the prettiest first day of
spring I've ever had and Logan Utah
usually the spring is like really cold
and rainy and stuff but it is like hot
today like I had to take his jacket off
but so warm out I love it which means
the pool isn't open soon our complex has
a baby pool shabbos honest because Noah
just loves so much no I guess what he
turns nine months old next week nine
months old days he was out he's been out
as long as he's been in practically
which is just nuts because i'm thinking
backed like that last week of pregnancy
and I was just like please just come out
and it was like the longest nine months
of my life and how this has been the
fastest fastest nine months
wood chips oh great what chips in the
book when I find wood chips with his
butt and then a little bit crack it's
date night date night with Noah and
jenica yeah it's a double date two
triangular date we're going to sushi
really bikram yoga Jen's favorite sushi
roll which like we've said a million
times happens to be in utah a state that
is landlocked how do they have conceived
she doesn't really make sense about Jen
loves her french kisses the sushi roll
well I'm gonna want to use these likes
in red potato he's like where's my dang
oh dang it that little girl oh it what
mom what I'm under anything
hey mr. third wheel mr. third Dale
you just keep staring at everybody
yes Ali took our spicy next managers
like that Jen's favorite sushi roll oh
you have to use no hands back straight
in they're gonna
this is the Takara yeah
these are first-place lead or supper
like the head that funny you black okay
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah messy
messy messy messy messy messy messy
messy messy messy messy messy minimum
investment business mess mess mess mess
mess the next couple days are gonna be
all about getting our stuff moved in
because we kind of just came flying in
started doing a lot of things and still
haven't put things away but one of my
favorite things about putting things
away is actually looking at things that
I have that I usually don't look at like
this stuff this is me when I lived in
the Dominican Republic I'm on my friends
that beautiful sunset picture I just
love looking at there's also me in a
jumpsuit rollerblading with an American
flag on the fourth of July my family how
much we've changed its crazy like
there's only three grandkids in this
picture and I think now we have eight or
nine I'm right let's see four plus three
seven eight I know there's a couple
people of the family that lived in
Dominican Republic oh I'm Huertas oh I
thought that was my survivor shirt no
it's a harley-davidson truth my
Dominicans I love your country me and
Jen went back once already I want to go
back again I want to go back soon I love
just hanging out with everybody in the
Dominican oh man the food thank goodness
someone invented pictures because I have
all these memories that I can you know
there's images that i have in my head
but just to be able to look back at them
is amazing and video because then I'm
talking to you guys and I can put on
this little turtle head and talk to you
guys I don't think it was necessarily on
the vlog but when Tyler and Haley
here I spoke a lot of Spanish just
joking around because they thought it
was funny and they were like how did you
learn Spanish like how long did it take
you I know a lot of you are probably
taking a foreign language some of you
guys already speak a foreign language
one thing that helped me was to just
take this little Spanish dictionary and
learn like five to ten words every day I
would usually learn them while sitting
on the toilet and I actually dropped
this in the toilet it was it was clean
it was clean but that's why it's all
like crazy the room that I am most
excited about and I think that I'm gonna
put a lot of work into over the next
couple days is this room my office room
which yes I think it's time to get rid
of the mattress and I think it's time
some people have been like I can't
believe you thought of that mattress
well let me just tell you if this
mattress could talk they would talk
about dancing they would talk about all
the cool peeps that have slept at our
house on this mattress and that it's
been comfy it's been good to us but it
might be time to part ways it might be
done I also need to figure out the desk
here in this corner with the light five
or against alone but it could can't go
this way you know mix huh maybe oh it
stick out kind of well when this may be
backwards but the light that comes in
during the day is going to be amazing so
I would I want to do is have the desk
here have like this stuff obviously not
in here but put like I'm bed so guests
can have like a decent place to sleep
when they visit because we just kind of
throw people on the floor sorry guests
will try and fix that and then we could
have like the lights and stuff in the
closet which we can just pull out film
do fun things cool things on the wall by
the way though fam ago that we were
hanging up do you know what happened to
that wall it shared a wall with the
washer and dryer area so when we turn
the dryer on everything fell off the
wall except that things that were
stapled and like nailed to the wall well
our dryer was
not the gravest and made everything
super humid it's like steamy yeah that's
how isn't that like mold forms II so we
actually still had that washer dryer
sitting in that apartment if anyone
wants it hey I would depend on once in
the salt lake area we will give it to
you just have to move it yourself
because it's okay didn't do it I think
we should just donate it to the next
people it's nice in this place actually
comes with a washer and dryer yeah I'm
41 I want to cry every time I love that
washer injured a lot better huh I like
literally almost here up from joy we
thought we were just so happy to have
washer and dryer old place it was our
first one we don't have to run to the
coin-operated laundromats anymore like
in four years of marriage are we like
just got our own washer and dryer for
the first time it wasn't good it was not
I got here this is a much better
situation except for except read the
crib that's in yours I know see this
season well maybe have the crib and this
nice holding area
this room makes me want to cry we just
have to break the sound up all of the
storage
I want to cry out this room it's the
little things the little additions the
garbage disposal no longer having to
just you know just like little things
like that make life easier we didn't
have a garbage disposal off first year
marriage yeah like I said the first
place favor lived in it was hotter than
Hades no AC and now we have a washer
enjoy a good one where I would it's so
exciting yeah get that crimp build two
minute packing all right we're going to
work see you guys tomorrow love ya face
such a song fun I'm going home
on you you everything that I see our
Johar love an emotion endlessly I can't
get over you do everything that I need I
want your hot love and emotion is the
countdown to how many days until Noah
where's this suit wait did you say
tomorrow Oh tomorrow right now tomorrow
sunday so two days
