I'd like to dunk
it's not so good
hey Jenny it smells so good it's not so
good like chick-fil-a hey see you guys
is not the same because II took the
board y'all furboliche this fish her
bolus is fresh horrible is just rest
rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest
rest rest rest the wood chips in
building will piles
no don't even think about it don't even
think about it mister the upload speed
at our place is very slow it takes like
two hours to upload a vlog if that
that's like on a good day so we're back
in one of my older classrooms actually
was in the classroom above I've logged
during that I even vlogged in that
classroom I think for a little bit I
used to have class I think every
Thursday in that room from like 4:30 or
5:00 until 11:30 p.m. yeah that was a
really long class and it was really hard
to pay attention sometimes and I
remember I would be uploading vlogs
during class sometimes and like doing
thumbnails and the insight good times
but that's a big TV that's a camera
this is like a distance ed classroom
it's pretty cool don't you think I think
it's pretty awesome
there's Lee and that class right there
if you flipped like the switch if you
put a key in it it'll become clear right
now it's opaque we're having a family
night guys it's family night the boys
have been the girls have been doing work
Nora's been teething
just leave let's go get some taters
rolls steaks watch some people to go
we're gonna go home we're gonna party
we're gonna do some challenge videos
tonight which challenges should we do
then let's Jimmy Fallon I think we're
gonna do the whisper challenge and
anything else his nose cheeks challenge
oh hey guys we're going on an adventure
right my stick this is your stick
welcome to the tribe alright so I'm
putting this on snapchat hello here we
go guys it's like a tour guide hey let
me bring you to the link hey you lookin
at me hey you look at me hey you looking
at me now for my next magic trick I'm
holding you guys right now here's one
hand here's the other hand holding you
see this I'm holding you we're moving
around and I'm going to simply for this
shaker what go simply come back simply
since amicus blog Sam's blog years
really my cells got one people here
validate look at you can see my forehead
and where I've bashed it so now I've had
a dance party you really missed out wait
you got to each other blogging yeah this
is I was like I broke my camera is that
video up yeah I stopped it at my video
Genesis officially sitting on my
shoulders we are filming challenges
right now this is our challenges so this
is our setup
I mean Haley just do the whisper
challenge and other boys are gonna do it
it was really funny I had no idea what
she was singing they gave her a really
hard things to tell me anyway we win
thank you a little little bookworm Jun's
my little book where I'm I don't know
how much we've documented it but every
night she reads we established that you
read about one book per week whatever
two weeks and depends you have any
samples be read a week and what are the
samples like chapters it's the first
three chapters above these are examples
and then she's like
giver decide actually get him yeah you
know of course let's grab the rid this
able to see if I wanted the book yeah
she loves her little kindy I'm looking
forward to getting unpacked cuz we've
been super busy things aren't
necessarily slowing down but we should
we should be able to unpack a little bit
more kind of it
feels good to be here yes the one
problem a lot of people have been like
where's their couch where's their
furniture well we wouldn't looked for a
couch for a long time and it was really
hard we just couldn't find the one that
we liked wanted something comfy we
wanted something that wasn't too
expensive then we finally decide on a
couch a little like sectional thing and
they're like oh sorry it's gonna be
three weeks so we decided to try and
find a place that would ship it and
match the price
well they too later told us that it
would be three weeks and then today when
I went to the store to really find out
they said it would be like a month so
we're gonna be without a couch or
seating area for a while they'd we
didn't want to just like settle on one
that we didn't like especially cuz it is
kind of an investment with the first
country bob was just like whatever and
we didn't want to do that again so we'll
be waiting a month probably three weeks
for our new couch in the meantime we've
been using our body pillows as couches
and we might have to look for a little
alternative till then I'm not sure we'll
figure out you know what's cool about
our new place there's a place to put
shoes comment of the day comes from same
Jane Sam are you guys still going to
y'all's pl box even though you guys
moved because different people that I
watch end up closing theirs when they
move I'm just wondering before I send my
letter end up having the peel box be
closed so I went and grabbed everything
on the peel box and I put it in a box
that has taped and packed and in our
room right now we're gonna go back very
soon again I still haven't decided what
we're gonna do will for sure close that
one I need to talk to Jed and see what
she thinks because you guys are just way
too nice I just finished editing this
and I was crying because I was laughing
so hard because it's really late right
now
my words are slurring even right now for
am right now
3:30 and we gotta wake up a little bit
early tomorrow I gotta get on a better
sleep schedule I say that all the time I
think the challenge video is gonna be
pretty funny so I'll have to get that
edited and posted soon someone the other
day said that Samak of vlogs is ending
which is not true so don't even tweeted
me that like you guys stop doing daily
vlogs heck no the daily vlogs are just
picking up and so will the challenge
videos I was so easy to set up like
shooting in here and then when we have
the dedicated room I'll be even easier
because it will always be set up and
we'll just walk in and be like BAM
what's up let's get it done
so hopefully you guys enjoyed today's
vlog hopefully you guys in find me - no
because my voice I mean dude the
headphones the music I just got there
all's in it I got lost in it and it
sounded like I was crazy but Jenn and
Hali really funny on their part so we'll
have to get that going and upload it
soon anyways we love you guys we'll see
you guys tomorrow
peace song
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion see do Harry Harry
