plus I fell in the toilet open the time
this is weird made earlier I think some
leprechauns are trying to sneak away
it's a monumental night because there's
gonna be a basketball hoop in here soon
hello everybody today we are trying out
new food it's cold costa vida Oh wits
excuse me Yuri aside please I knew I was
wondering when you got your ass in from
a new opportunity it's not even a real
accent him making up ok or costa vida
this time traveler have yet about yet
there's nothing because i want to know
which one you like better cafe rio yeah
their rivals I like the lettuce
butterick costa vida it's good yeah
here's oh it's good so calm enjoyed
we're here at first dam there where
there are lots of geese and ducks and
now has been looking at all of them see
all those ducks over there huh you want
to go see him again hey you two dang it
there is a duck right there he's about
to he's stretching his wings there's a
duck were there that's like a little
like to pay I know if you can see it
let's see we can see the one to bay
right there right there are there other
they all think I have food they're all
coming over here drifting over guys I
don't have any food this is just a giant
baby I know then they'll come over here
they're trained to run to the humans
Brad redress women actually at first dam
a year old I found a finger hole he has
ever seen a duck before it no what about
a utah Ute odd duck hey get over here
turducken you sure you want to come up
uh-huh yeah bad brother Oh get the
camera
have you up a few splinters
you can find me in my club hey how do
you feel for our first trick will make
tower disappear no
baby come back make it no commit commit
commit commit oh my gosh Tyler are you
saying let's go it's good let's go
bye-bye but I know for our second trip
imagine if a random shopper we're to be
like oh hi hi what happens when there's
a buy one get one free jamba juice
but by now by now have fun love ya bye
don't forget your basketball when hard
when hustle what vessel and sweat cuz
that means you're working hard being
here you want some catfish cuz i'm
addicted to catfish right now i'm
watching catfish all day what we're
gonna catch one of you we're gonna
catfish one of you guys i've been
slacking you guys i've just been too
distracted hanging out with my bestie
over here we've discovered that mean
Hayley are literally the same person and
Sam and Tyler are a little bit like that
we think the same as each other this is
awesome earth so we think before we came
to earth yeah like we are together in
heaven yes it decided to one that goes
like I'll put these two actually came
from San Diego even company Paul isn't
weird you and Sam like literally an
obstacle military and now like you're
together I know and now we're in Utah
we're still in utah that's really and
now you're a newcomer look at your
innate all right now haven't you done I
mean you never thought I'm gonna marry a
guy from Chicago no I never thought that
he won't be like daydream like oh I
wonder my future husband's ding right
now I never thought he would be in
Chicago so far away or that we'd be
living in utah one day with the baby
name no gray that range ok we're going
some catfish now it's a monumental night
because there's gonna be a basketball
hoop in here soon
all night little did I know you just
tasted term how many guys does it take
to put together this basketball hoop
damn so far we have we have 12 we got me
345 Derek six will pay someone to come
to send block yeah we got it you know
it's a little bit more elaborate I think
that we imagined but it will get
together all right we're like 10 minutes
into the construction we already have
the rim on back of the net Derek's ages
ten minutes going absolute Haemon this
is wet well now look at this ten minutes
and we're almost done yeah so if you're
ever offered like someone to put your
basket together for you turn them down
it's easy super easy call up let's call
us what's up tricks and fam it's time
for the tricks in bracken challenge just
make sure that your entries are in
before the first game let's play let me
turn my cam em where you've been
recorded
dun dun dun dun dun and there it goes dy
and it was over 20 minutes later oh I
like three others might not funny you
can dress like come on of the teams meet
you in there you can't wait one chooses
repertoire Jesus Facebook ready we go Oh
air no air what are you gonna do what
you do two points equally make it or not
oxygen wanna be extra awesome are you in
were you at upson I think Evan hurry it
oh my bracelet says I'm oh I was like
720 okay we're ready now so the camera
dropped and i think it's repairable but
I'm sorry Jim it's okay I'm crazy
sometimes Charles Trippy is broken like
three or four of these cameras so far if
I wasn't even mad when you told me I
have to check on that warranty hey where
they say when I say do it for the vine
do for the blog I probably have the clip
here of it happening let's watch
oh we're I didn't score at all you have
to watch the video to see how many times
I accept oh oh who won I didn't read it
Robbie a hold on guys just let you know
Sam scored every point for our team in
our country um who keeps a phone coming
soon the showcase showcase Maggie the
showcase whooping oh yes always like hey
what we had some teamwork we're the
fiscal jackhammers on three getting here
do you again you little jackhammer is on
3 123 this little jackhammer oh that is
hi buddy like you bend the bugs enough
can you put my shoes on huh I always
like to touch dead shoes yeah so I'm
pretty excited because I'm helping out
with tricks in and doing a bracket
challenge where you guys can fill out a
march madness bracket I'm gonna put a
link in the description to that group if
you guys want to participate we're gonna
have cool prizes tricks & gear and all
sorts of things like that we're also
going to post a video today I'll put
that link in the description tube it's
not there right now it's because it's
not up yet but you I should go watch
that it's from last night when we were
playing basketball to me a lot of fun so
you should sign up you can fill out a
bracket who's gonna wait it off who's
gonna win it all who do you guys think
they're gonna win march madness starts
really soon so you guys gotta fill out
your brackets if you want to participate
all right that's the comment of the day
you want anything else to say you turn
the head but the camera let me go hang
out with my little buddy here I love you
guys see you tomorrow please just hope
I'm going home
on you you everything that I see our Joe
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you do everything that I need I
want your heart love and emotion it's
the hmm
