have a question have you guys ever video
chatted before have you ever talked to
them on the phone before I want the
world to know let it show
hi guys out and about the baby
hello everybody I'm feeding my baby
there are men there are nannies for the
week um we're gonna go upload some stuff
I'm gonna check out campus I thought
what really go first and I only have
time what I have a little uh drink so
this is clearly American you enjoy that
Sam
I like I was charged why do you talk
like that
Tyler is about to go absolute sand us a
look anything this cut thank you
Lighting's like really nice right now I
know it really is welcome to the vlog
welcome bye hey ready and internal
burger
we're in search a faster internet for
Tyler to upload his vlog so here thought
building what Jen did most of her
studies Jen this is where you do most
your studies hey no this is where your
mommy did most of the studies pretty
cool huh
let's see how the Internet is what'd you
say Sam go to class with your kids we're
still we need to just come on campus so
walk around and show them or respect the
majority of our lives the past five
years so I've shown the art building and
now I'm gonna go to the quad I moved to
the library the quad is a big green
grass lawn that you can sit on what do
you think of campus so far I like she
likes s spread out but it's really not
like some other campuses like the other
you talk campuses if like Drive all the
round candidates yeah okay this library
is like Monsters Inc they have this huge
like hundred round crazy thing that like
the arm claw that goes and pulls books
out really yeah this is why I worked for
five years oh this is library right here
that's a big library yeah that's a big
library
Wow those of you oh gee seeing a family
uh probably like howhow is this like
seeing me on campus again as you sit
them on campus all the time whoa lots of
it I became part of the family art so
that's pretty yeah here we are though
okay my baby daddy's going to class
anybody remember this from videos or
pictures we're here at Old Main yeah I
thought it was a lot bigger
you have to pay me don't mean say
anything else okay I am NOT gonna do
that there's nothing you turn around you
cannot beat these visas though from the
quad that's why I love going to school
here this is the walk I used to take
every single day I'd like Instagram this
shot about 20 times a year cuz it looks
sweet just like this view as homies
reading a book just walking up the steps
people in hammocks are there this is
what I was spoiled with every day walk
into class we're about to party with hot
dogs mac and cheese apple sauce mandarin
oranges and water the boys are off to do
work at the warehouse
Wallace girls eat ice cream and watch a
night sale cuz Hailey's never seen a
night sale hopefully would you get and I
got peanut butter half baked Sam got
Jenna spoon so timings get hailey a
spoon love you what's up guys
so today I'm helping put in these into
the bags and then those were later be
shipped out guys
we're also doing a you now broadcast
right now so I want to get some of the
people that I know watch the vlogs on
their mu this is a panda or monkey it's
a bad dude what kind of like a red
pancake almost looks like those crackers
like those bear crackers do you know
someone else will know that's watching
now he's getting white now it's a panda
man yeah I'm vlogging I know there's
some people here that watched Sami coat
say what's up hey tribal seeds that was
their name that's funny listen I can
assure me hi yes I'm Richard I see all
you guys Matt Philly
I don't know we're having a mini
competition where we all each have to
draw a panda and then ever is going to
vote which one was their favorites
here's Logan's that looks like I asked
you actually kind of impressive I mean I
don't think it looks like a panda but
all right guys this is round number four
did you put this I put this in the video
okay yeah and my gosh I can't remember
his name now surger than him I think
Matt No
we're just gonna let him say hi to his
wife camera really is it gonna be him
let's play roulette is it gonna be him
yep it's in it's in
so you do move back dude say how do your
wife yes it's happened we did it
hey we came by last night shut out
oh wait to do again yeah I noticed you
guys got Chris yeah he's like playing
some pranks on me
so it's this midnight McDowell's run
this is our fourth every night ever I've
been here I've been here four nights is
their fourth night in a row
correct colleagues man Sam my wife knows
your name but I can't remember your name
what's your name I'm Tyler Tyler your
name starts with an M money ransom just
kidding start to the beat now your
clothes Oh
Branson we'll never forget that we love
Branson McDonald's corporate if you're
watching this give Branson a raise raise
make him the manager of this McDonald
Branson runs because it's McDonald's
he's he's the reason why we keep coming
back they truly literally he actually
nights in a row we came back last night
whenever we ask questions like is there
breakfast
he always eat he lets us know it's a
limited breakfast there's a limited
breakfast it's not not the entire
breakfast it's everything but the big
breakfast platter and let's ask him when
it gets back to the window sausage no
sausage no biscuits big riskiness skits
but it just those two I think it's
something like that is that all it's a
scam yeah what are we asking what what
does the limited breakfast
why did it I call it breakfast breakfast
it's just breakfast brick we'll ask them
next time was weird were the more you
say yeah thanks
Neddie Neddie yes yes have a good night
I mean our Branson Branson Brinson
you've made us smile these past couple
days we just wanted to thank you dealing
with our antics I mean that comment of
the days from miski 69 convinced Tyler
to move to Utah
now you feel like you've done well I
don't know should we share anything for
charity whoa what are you trying to say
well think about it
no I don't you think Tyler should move
to Utah you like his hair you like him
hello hi I know I see you I see you
well another day another day older this
guy right here we're going on a fun
adventure tomorrow you guys do not want
to miss it it's gonna be a good time
we'll see you then
I love ya this whole time
on you you're everything that I see I
want your hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion and see
