Oh
like tears guys my mascaras running like
I'm crying you know when you remember
stories from a long time ago
and then you just can't stop laughing
that's it happen to meet no good they
just told you what was the story so Jen
was like doing this thing mister like
Superman what no legs all the way up
yeah I was just too lazy to lower back
and then your sister was like gin let me
do it yeah okay man your sister was like
no oh this camera okay given straight
like a rocket launcher this is so funny
I didn't hear the part part everything's
funnier when you involve like you know
farts we just had a huge laugh attack
you have let's check out Tyler's video
doesn't see it though
I'm still here Wow with the tribe sit on
top of it all the way come on Jackson
Jackson
all right hey lovin it I feel like a
playlist nois didn't understand like the
concept of chasing now he like gets in
Jackson kept running away from Noah but
it was like what's going on but now he
understands they like the texture of it
I think yeah they're grunting
look too fast now that's like going
you're wearing me out man yeah should we
do it yeah I think Monday I'm signing
Jackson up so I think that'd be fun oh
they're head-butting each other and then
what would that babe mean Ellie are
going to some classes and I think my
friend Jody this kid
look at him climb that chair it's gonna
be a good dancer dude oh it's like my
girlfriend's will make me walk seriously
that's what it was it's like girls girls
oh yeah
the girls seriously he has a whole
different like wind up when his with
them no what do you think of that he's
like let's see the routines synchronized
funny dad hang on with your buddy
woodchips hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
hey hey hey hey woodchips alley builder
can she build it janda builder yes she
did and it fits so perfectly in the
crack
Jen Jen the Builder tell us about your
latest project okay so this is what
we're gonna use to the first cut don't
try and look at it I don't even know
what put this right now
oh yeah I got I got most that oh that's
it all right so this is the third day in
a row we've been to McDonald's at 2:00
a.m. and we are here to say hi to I
think it's husband
apparently his wife watched him steal
the video so we're gonna say hi because
he I mean you're probably sleeping right
now so we want to check on your husband
this is already been insanely weird
you better believe that clip this well
we tried we tried we're gonna surprise
you did let us know if you're gonna be
here tomorrow extra sausage comment the
day five low level of the night but
we're teaching them Spanish what is it
oh my goose debate not that is finished
allez vous parlez francais that's not
Spanish
oui oui si si dalle hasta manana
nos vemos te amo peace pass some time
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion see my goldfish isn't enough
what do people eat whales
