all right maybe we should go hang out
somewhere else
he's literally climbing it climate you
guys you add both feet on the fence
anything good hilarious
I need to show them how your what you're
doing because I thought the gate was
supposed to protect you
he's not gonna do it now but you guys he
was literally guy I look over
like I turned away from one second look
over he's at the fence
turn away from one more second look back
his feet are like dangling cuz he just
hold himself up it stands up well I'm
gonna do it I need some evidence eating
monster so this tooth finally came in so
now this opposite one is trying to come
in
no sign of these two of oh of course
who's my little vampire boy Jim lady hi
I got a banana oh but not today has been
an interesting Saturday filled with
furniture shopping we're just trying to
get a new couch and every single
furniture story I go into I kind of they
just feel so somber and sad and I've not
enjoyed it have you enjoyed it I have
not enjoyed it at all no television
Tyler enjoys everything hashtag my
snapchat story has stories trapped Tyler
we are going to go get some food I'm
gonna take him to a Utah staple which is
spreading up to California and other
areas like that Tyler is doing a
snapchat story of me vlogging right now
we're gonna go to Cafe Rio
we might have to go in heal against or
two because we're gonna pick Haley up
tonight and Noah's been teething all day
dude I'm sorry man
you can't say I remember how it felt but
what do you want either I can feel the
pain in your face as you make those
grimacing looks forgot to bring a camera
to Cafe Rio so you'll have to watch
Tyler's vlog to see how that went
this is a new trick that Noah has guys
this is impressive the stuffs just fine
yeah dude come on you've only got like
two steps with you come on Donnie go
Noah go you know a HG egg why Noah gray
tell her I think I'm gonna hear
something start in a minute
he's pick up speed because he hears the
bathtub
I use up
we're taking photos of the sunset right
now it's not even the best sunset but it
looks pretty cool tonight we're picking
up Nala right I mean Haley right now got
your help knowledge with there all right
and back and let the gin out of the box
maybe we should go hang out somewhere
else like a creeper filming this
unprecedent Stu smooth out you know he
wants to
I'll just meet you tomorrow
but I would always a space you do is
very tough
she's just maybe even more so we are
back at Walmart for the third
consecutive night because we have not
been buying everything that we need
we're gonna be grilling tomorrow night
which will be fun thoughts
snaps travel pillows snap dad-ish the
two practical things too dad but I think
it's kind of practical at the point my
life where I'm kind of just like I used
to think those were kind of weird like
but Jen I got gentlemen for Christmas
like three years ago and she goes
everywhere with it there's a Clady that
fainted on our last flight like before
we got on in security line and Jim Mike
ranter aid and put it underneath their
head to somewhere nice away where
we going we're going back to Chicago
okay so I guess it wasn't the last fight
but it was in Chicago flying back to
Utah Wow
we should go in for Noah huh
well the baby wernicki imagine like a
little doughnut Hajer event Noah has the
cutest morning face ever comment of the
day do an impression of Noah's morning
face
my god that's good man that was morning
face once this morning face that's good
there's my impression arey terrible that
was terrible
okay we're ending today's vlog that I'm
about to post it takes forever to upload
because our upload speeds are terrible
and so is my hair last night we met a
guy at McDonald's he might have worked
there he might have been either I don't
know it could have been like 2:00 a.m.
but his wife watches the videos these
videos so hello wife we met your husband
he is really cool really nice guy and
then tomorrow will be a great day I
already edited most of the vlog that
you're about to watch and there was a
lot of giggling and just giddiness so
that's pretty much what Jenna's Haley's
here now we'll see you guys tomorrow
love ya
I love me some hey wait hey Weez my
favorite person in the whole world knows
everywhere I'm diving right into your
nose whoa
