hey buddy hey this your new home this
your new home this is where you live now
did you move hey you're kind of confused
today like where am i this carpet feels
a little bit differently does your new
home say hi
Teddy Cox recently said hey sanika
whatever happened to the book club
I finished all the maze runners but
never got to talk about them
love the vlogs and hope the moving
process has been smooth Teddy we did do
a book club for the first major in there
but we haven't for the last ones cuz we
didn't choose to read that for a second
book club book but this time around I
think we're gonna read interject movies
I don't like to go to a movie without
having read or listen to the book so
this time I think we're gonna do
insurgent right cuz that version is
already come out with the insurgent
movies coming out and it takes place in
Chicago yeah so will forgot I'm gonna do
like five or six seven people but if you
want to listen to the book you can go to
audible.com slash sanika they have
thousands of books last time we have
about this I was listening to so Ella's
book but you don't like you don't have
to get inserted into whatever book you
want yeah really you can get anything
you know what you're getting because I
need more books like we've said in the
past audible makes it super easy to go
download your book you can listen to it
on the go on your phone on your computer
there's so many different ways to use it
it's really awesome my favorite feature
about the audible app is putting it in
sleep mode because sometimes I listen
and I fall asleep but then it won't
continue to go and I won't miss a lot
and I can come back to where I was
we're happy that audible wants to team
up with us one more time so go to
audible.com slash Amica you can get a
free audiobook to listen to like I said
we're gonna be listening to insurgent if
you want to be a part of the book club
but will probably create like a Google
forum where people can put their names
and then we'll figure out like a good
time to do it
here at the trixin warehouse today we're
doing some photos some meetings and
things Noah should be asleep look at
this guy up there let me let me zoom in
on that look at this guy
I can shave
those are that glare Sam don't Sam
modeling but that's all I got in color
it's the Rolly thing going dude I saw
your modeling earlier today you're the
guy they flew out tomorrow right
professional model let's see a little
hair twirl hair flip
there we go there we go let me show you
let me show you right I posed ready
here's one of them
I always go with the extreme it's pity
that is one of your poses for sure
damn what's your go-to pose no I got one
right here
yeah what we can tell you know you show
up and the cameras work it girl work it
hey Lee where you at
how do you feel how was that you look
good from the camera
No you've been a good guy these best two
days so you're always a good guy the
shoe we were there some randomness what
were you saying it 7 hours 7 hours I'm
trying to copy try pilot no no that's
fine there's Romanian you did a bit of
somersault
I just took a two-hour nap with Noah
wait you're actually I'm still really
tired it's been a long day and I think I
might all merde over here and they oh no
we're okay Tyler just fell asleep on the
ground for like a minute I did no want
some attention
no hey you hey Jake give you a house he
just climbed every step of the stairs
with my help of court mano I was just
and he did not even miss me he cut up
every single step so I put the game baby
gate up cos you
dragon look how much light is in here
Wow Jen where we yet moped us where
everything is mo bettah
look at that teriyaki chicken steak
pasta noodles rice sauce si Racha and a
cute baby
you know we just poured a bunch of this
teriyaki sauce on the rice this is how
it's done
diners drive-ins and drives that was
gone
her dives drives dives I don't know if
this is delicious
it's incredible take a bite how I said
how is this you top booty pad so far so
far so good
Jen's happy hey what's up and hold
another stick alright do you like this
whoa
can they all see me there's there's
three cameras in Nigeria hi tribe
- Hans and hi Santa that tribe in Africa
I'm here to report to all of you what we
are currently doing cause I'm here to
update all of you this is what we are
doing right now I will turn each one of
you around separately we're signing
tribe we got bae han oh my god hottie
over there we've been saying for about
two hours okay
next camera hi tribe we're here with
tribe we're here with them
hi by Hans can you see me and I know
three of them I want you guys to know
that if you get a package next week
because me and Tyler actually Tyler did
all the work to use package how many a
thousand boxes
in fact we package a lot I actually I
practiced one of the kids who watched
our videos I could practice box I knew
this kid on the back of one person's car
to reset package by Sam and Tyler so
probably you're not even gonna see this
video probably but I hope you do
and I hope it's I'm back to your car I'm
showing Tyler around campus this is
where we went to school and quick story
you gotta watch Tyler's blog actually I
thought this green laser well I didn't
really think it but we were joking that
it was a promotion for green lantern you
guys got to see this green laser coming
out of the building
it is vibrantly huge they gotta be
eating at something right you see it's
pitch black do you see that line you
gotta hear that building it's kind of
hard to see for some reason look at
rubble no record you can't see it it's
huge
here's to another late night early
morning wherever you are in the world
watching this vlog Tyler
it's laughing at me do that air mattress
t-that's a percent either in their
matches we'll see you guys tomorrow we
got a lot of fun Flint flooding Flynn
dead fun fun fun fun
