so long farewell Vita say I do what you
think of this place
out of all the days for no to take a
two-hour nap I am so grateful it was day
because we still had a lot to do this
morning and I was like freaking out
because he usually only sleeps like an
hour half an hour you never really know
sometimes and saying he's long like it's
almost been exactly two hours and I am
we are will to power through and get
most of our bedroom stuff done or like
the rest of it from last night and all
the bathroom stuff packed up because
that's what I really wanted to get done
while he was asleep because he loves we
have all this stuff like it was just
mountain of boxes here just stuff I'm
going to throw into the car most of the
kitchen stuff is done kind of
everything's empty we still have this
apartment for a couple weeks so we're
gonna come back down and get it like
really clean because we just don't have
time today so I'm kind of I hate like it
gives me anxiety knowing I'm leaving
this place a mess I'm grateful I can
come back and clean it like properly
I just I need have it really clean
everything almost packed up and yes I'm
going to my new place with dirty laundry
it seems like let's just do one we're
loading like no I'm just want to get
everything done I don't wanna have to
worry about laundry closets pretty much
packed up it's just clothes that we're
just gonna toss in the car really feels
good to be almost done now if the hard
part is gonna be the loading especially
with Noah because he'll be awake so I
think I'm gonna take him over to
Jordan's house have her watch him if she
can while we kind of load up just to eat
done quickly and that would be helpful
Sam's about to go pick up someone from
the airport and then go get our u-haul
and then we're loading up and leaving
good morning sweet world it is a perfect
day to remove today it's raining a
little bit and I'm going to go pick up a
good friend it just happens to be
showing up the same time removing so
let's put them to work
you probably already know who I'm
picking up if you follow me on any other
social medias hello all dude this is
your whip
yeah it's kind of lag just there's stuff
in there nowadays you see I was gonna be
sitting there with this on like Danny
Duncan oh yeah
hashtag tribe Tyler dude my flight got
in like SLC 2030 means really wait so we
flew Tyler and just elbows move okay and
just take a B just to try and get out
this is uh for those people on the East
Coast or the United Kingdom Dubai
Australia
okay the fries do you guys have stinking
traitor I don't but I love second shake
shake you change my love Steak and Shake
I actually would eat the peppers out a
little like oh you didn't you were these
coasters do you like those friends hey
now it's fries taste almost exactly the
same as steak and shakes but they're
thicker his snake and shakes you like
this whole thing's will actually hated
enough fresh for a while and then they
grew on me and I actually really like
them you don't even like these I didn't
like him for a while and now I love them
Oh probably that double double - that's
why I should have gotten today it's good
first bite first bite give me a bite and
smile very would string
oh man you taking it straight out of the
wrapper oh yeah you do whatever you want
though you do whatever you want I just
don't once I get to the wrapper that and
I think I usually eat half the wrapper
just it's like I think it's made that
way I'm not gonna do ketchup
I just get what's that stuff
oh that's a little spread that they're a
put spread on yeah they put a little
spread on there yeah hang 2,000 years
late whoo
progress baby almost there hi almost
there almost there doing anything so
long farewell fetus a I do what you
think this place is like did any last
memories thoughts you want to share with
everyone I'll be here in a week so to
clean what's your favorite memory in
this abode baby boy Oh bye guys love you
travel safely
hey love you we got a little bit garbage
there but we'll come back and clean this
up man it's weird it's weird to be
leaving this is it
sanika history right yeah I'm just
having this a part of it in this
apartment
we'll be back there to clean it so I'm
gonna say goodbye see you later
apartment just to do you all trek eaten
grapes
we're taking off baby
yeah is that an Instagram hashtag moving
day here we go here we go
do you look up in like four this is what
you do after you've been moving all day
you get a crazy bread cuz you're crazy
and I'm hot already crazy bread gels
good to be home
feels good to be home feels good to be
home I'm home you recording while you're
moving sniffing that man yeah it's kind
of just prefer so recruited you drive
Tyler go check out check if you want to
get the full if you want to get actual
mimicking there you go because we
haven't done too well we just moved all
our stuff in and now I'm trying to get
Internet to upload the vlog yeah real
life like editing dan will you will you
edit this for me yeah sure I can yeah
see what do you edit on it's perfect
that's perfect
this is a teller would you rather than
I'm getting this vlog up for you what
time is it it's a little late 10:05 so
this place was an absolute like it
wasn't a mess but there's just boxes
everywhere and I came home from helping
out and Jen had already cleaned like
everything up it's ridiculous this girl
she built a high chair I went upstairs
and like our rooms like already impact
just like yeah I'm just barely starting
to like sit down right now wife of the
Year guys yeah I did getting you
crackers but you did a lot more
you're the you're the real MVP go I'm
tired no you guys load in alone I just
play the real MVP tomorrow we're doing a
fun photo shoot Jen's gonna be taking
some pics I'm fine whitewall when you
defend some sleep boy we need we need a
comment of the day is Sam really a teen
or was he joking asks Maddy Fraser
what'd you guys think I was 16 come on
27 feet or Neverland 27 in a month then
a month oh my gosh my birthday's in two
months moving was crazy didn't gets a
record quite as much or we were just
pushing things around it took me and you
tell her what like seven six hours to
get everything loaded up yeah yeah we
got this done well get it started like
one hour and we'll be done
and it like a full school day later we
just need more boxes and there's just
random crap that took forever
Tyler was the man though helped out it
was great the best part is we show up to
Logan we have like the whole crew like
dejan Erin Logan Derek Bree Shay came
for the pizza yes no everyone was so
helpful and we unloaded the truck oh and
trying to Joanie our friends and they
helped no and also helped unload and
like how long did that take 30 minutes
yeah 30 minutes and we were done yeah
Joe there's been a great friend yeah I
owe you more memories just answer some
questions no we're not gonna be
uploading vlogs at 1 a.m. or 2 a.m. like
we have the past few days we just been
moving and then the next day you should
do the photo shoot other question we are
going to do a house tour it'll be like
this would be our third MTV Cribs house
tour I just realized like right yeah
well good we're not gonna get it hurt
you guys know how long it takes us to
you set up sometimes this will be faster
that we've been in hyperdrive Jenn's
like in a whole nother mode of setting
things up but that's gonna be fun
Saturday
you know we're gonna think I think we
can knock this out in an hour
no it's been good we like this place
good vibes this place is good but the
place is awesome really homey really
homey it feels you know some good vibes
I can't wait to show you guys everything
and the office where I'm gonna be able
to shoot at it is perfect
the lighting is just perfect we don't
even need those box lights or whatever
oh don't not do that okay Danny Danny
hey everybody my snapchat with the
Dallas okay this is going long guys
moving day is complete we are here it's
gonna be a great time great memories I
can already tell great memories should
be made here let's just get this started
this is the beginning see you tomorrow
love ya
another stone I recall in our just a
know-it-all it seems
Wow tribe tellers in Utah
I didn't think I'd ever see you here hi
I'm glad I didn't think I'd ever be here
it's been a treat salmon gin they've
welcomed me into their new home and
they're really great people
he's definitely put into work yeah hey
Tyler
let's go work
