trip in our favorite pocket sorry
the Jenica food farewell tour is still
underway pizza really Mon my favorite
pizza I've ever had in the entire world
it is your favorite we're here with josh
and kelly some pizza how was it how was
it first timers hi but they've lived
here for like the whole lives they're
showing ways your life can be you've
lived yet there are a lot of places yeah
welcome back it's good i still order off
the menu um yeah yup yup was my best
friend so there we go last time Jen say
goodbye we're never coming back ever
just good I break it will probably stop
here every time we're in rent there yeah
that way I will be eating pizza really
moment what do you do when you move you
get more stuff yeah that's a terrible
idea oh that's what we're doing we're
going to get a exactly we're gonna go to
a high chair for Noah because we've been
bearing my cousins they've been super
nice letting us use akia has really
cheap in this yeah let's just really eat
the clean ones so we're going to ikea
like i'm very pleased know where that
let's go here right when we're moving
yep and crazy of course you're look at
everything else because that's what
you're doing your tactic turn you go hog
wild i have a favorite couch acai have a
dream couch Jenna's a drink at 60
million we're gonna look at it just cuz
she's literally been dreaming about just
like jesse in person and it's because
it's called the Noah couch and that was
before we even named Tamila like we saw
that couch right
can't say the master I don't know but I
just wanna go see in person we're
definitely never gonna get it thanked so
we actually rises what luxury feels good
grief does not a cow G kitty is
ridiculous this is not the Noah couch my
dreams we're just shattered yeah I'm
glad because we were never gonna get
that and no it's so ugly in person ugly
and it was uncomfortable no a couch and
it was uncomfortable I'm really sad now
you're sitting in luxury turn on dead
worm I did take a break from packing
real quick to try and edit and get
flogged up and held I'm doing it just
did it's just like making faces a new
hey you hey you mr. cute a distraction
I've ever had in my life the way you
feel inside is so cute this is how you
entertain a baby who's getting into
everything by you mother dead we tried
an experiment we were like let's put the
socks ever know if its attractions and
see like if he flips it over what do you
what he's gonna do and within five
seconds he's calling out laughing at us
just laughing at us
Oh boxes ends up and Noah 02 seconds
later I'm free good you're too smart
good night no tomorrow you're sleeping
in another room in bed well not really
it's the same bed but a different room
oh wow no sleep well Noah sleep well no
but enjoy your last night in this room
because they're gonna sleep in another
room but we might come back but no
you're gonna actually be another room
have fun get as much rest as possible
and sleep good sleep well my son so when
we're at ikea today i got in Jenica an
ice cream cone but she didn't get to
finish it because Noah was being kind of
crazy and he was hungry and kind of
crying so I wouldn't got you another ice
cream cone I don't know it's such a
dinky when I started by then too it was
thank you because I shouldn't eat ice
cream it's not quite the same as the one
for my Kia that one was awesome ones
really that's just to mcdonalds i love
mcdonalds ice cream I did wow we have a
lot of work to do and i think i just
bought everything at target that's a lie
but to be sad not having target and I
feel like if someone's on my cart they'd
be like what what are you doing moving
to Mars like not gonna live in
Civilization anymore I grab some stuff
that we needed towel was kind of back
there's most of stuff I got we could
have gotten in logan might as well have
more stuff to pack whoa good job blues
butchering it's a disaster yes it's a
disaster we're gonna have a semi late
night with that Jenny did great okay I
have some fun while you're packing gotta
have an ice cream cone gotta live it up
and I also ran into someone at target
wearing a tricks and shirt the funny
part is i like walked about it did a
double-take I was like whoa apparently
he had seen me earlier because he was
like oh nice hat and I was wearing him
backward so I was like how does even
know and then we took a selfie together
cuz that's what you do when you run into
strangers way right Turkson
this is pretty funny i love how like
things with that and youtube and various
things like that like instant bond the
new step is really awesome is cool in my
biased opinion i think it's a lot better
even than the first release like the
quality designs are so great hats so go
check it out because things are
launching this weekend you sought to
take pictures of it ok something for
time right but check it out when it's
posted on the web oh I should show you
what I got for Noah for Easter I bet you
got my Peter Rabbit onesie already well
I got a church outfit did you really
yeah oh it's not complete though we
might have to go online let's think of
the rest what do you mean cuz well
you'll see Sam got something for Noah
for Easter and I already can tell it's
good really oh yeah so what weight and
it'll do me of white ones yeah you can
wear the way I want to take away back oh
good this is part of this outfit
wonderful said no you didn't you got him
a foot to him oh my gosh oh I hope it
fits a little couple in their little
smile hope it fits him huh no you didn t
know you got 12 months that's good
that's good oh but they didn't have my
look it looks like a little like he
should be in the whole quartet or
somebody says oh my gosh so we're going
tourney common well the blue pants a
match perfect babe it's busy yes true
all right i mean they had actually like
the whole like seersucker suit oh my
gosh no the plates all look good the
movement is rough oh my gosh i think i
just melted oh my god Sam to it I'm
tired either you or him oh my what about
you forgot you went crazy
infants get like to go go a little
overboard when I'm not with him let's
see now he knows how I how what happens
to me when I go to target I always come
home with a shirt for him back in the
mall oh my that one's really cute oh
don't you love with dads go shopping for
your babies look at this little frog
shirt so there's a lot of negative like
there's a lot of great things Atari and
the thing is is I was like I'm seeing
they have a Walmart they don't have
anything good for kids and art the logo
moma is better than no one moment is
there I got this year oh yeah how's good
sounds like cool who's not make trips
down and gone traitor run halt trader
rent fair Joe halls and targa I'm not
gonna week do it getting a huge cool at
all that I forgot to get like a
styrofoam just get when I come back down
so we can fill up with trader joe's
stuff we'll have to come back and make a
trader joe's target yeah right moving
that far we're really not but it's far
enough that it's not like hey let's go
to Draeger Jones hey oh my that little
outfit it's so sure yeah the Fedora is
only a dollar I told you there's a
dollar I'll I was like this is in the
dollar I oh yes guys here's my target
trip to Mars we're moving to Mars target
haul got some stuff for the new place
and now got to be prepared wanna make it
feel homey the minute we move in I
wanted to feel like home so there's some
stuff and for our visitor we had to get
some towels for our visitor guest
bathroom now yeah room is still pretty
messy but uh we've got pretty much
everything packed and tomorrow we're
moving and tomorrow I'm picking up a
special guest to help us move and he
guesses on who it might be Oh him I did
be
I way movie you guys have seen this
person before so I'll be a lot of fun
it's kind of last minute you saying that
the gender is no you're up 11 hit
bye-bye now in that YouTube world I'm
tired it's almost 3am time to go to bed
no wakes up soon till tomorrow guys
hopefully everything goes well Carlos
danger so much today like garlic
parmesan garlic popups I don't try those
next oh yeah I mix I'm gonna sleep will
be in our new place right here yeah
we'll have to do like a no was born here
I was pregnant in this house this is too
we'll be back to this place yeah all
right guys Olivia see you tomorrow nice
such a song fun going home
on you you're everything that I see
y'all Joe hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your heart love any
motion let's see ah but I feeling you're
doing that
