when as the yards hola fan me gah say
hola hola hola buenas diaz oi bueno
vamos a comer read by Larry que mas que
vamos hacer hoy no aqui vamos hacer y no
hacer booboo Jesus como esta mi familia
espero que esten bien danica que quiere
decir si tu lo la dolly a vitro
oh baby that where is he I should take
not sitting hey just slide off though
he's legit Peter Burke we're at the park
is beautiful day snapchats on he was 60
degrees turn 65 which is better yes duh
Noah love the wood chips we wish this
part gets in some swings it doesn't yeah
that's the only thing this park is
lacking literally our swings so there's
some slides and most importantly widgets
which Noah is all about right now Sally
wants with wood chips he's only trying
to put me to death once which is good
armistice play with them right I know
what we're chips wood chips how much ok
two times charm okay how much could know
chuck chucka panocha chuck could chuck
wood chips wood chips he thinks her at a
whole chips yes he does he thinks
there's how specific plantain chips he's
smiling villa hey hey I'm ready
I see you why is he loves doing in there
Noah hi baby was it fine buddy you guys
it's like a freaking so I still say you
guys a lot peeps people you in their
internet friends you guys is sooo sooo
summer today we were just at the park
for a while and then we're like we
should grill something and so we're
grilling Sam's out here being grill
master Shawn and Jordan are going to
come over and grill up some food for
themselves to this kid is excited to
grill he wants the grill to it is
beautiful today hopefully this isn't
just a tease I know this feels like
summer right now literally perfect day
perfect you could not have better
weather seriously it's like a nice 6570
which is perfect to me in our house I
cleaned up a little bit it's gonna get
crazy Loco in here as we start packing
the boxes yep we're so happy he's
starting to like music
this is a perfect summer day music
playing the grill smell in the house
dance no this little google kills me
that Jen just got rid of three bags
worth of clothes the move will be good
for us when we first moved here it'll be
hard I moved a ton of stuff when we
moved here or threw out a bunch of stuff
actually I didn't throw it out I donated
it tonight we felt like bags and bags to
get will know our di is what it's called
here so we're packing and our room is an
absolute mess it looks like a hoarders
room right now so we're just trying to
get this done as quickly as possible
because we literally have how many hours
to pack not a lot tomorrow's gonna be a
busy day I think we can do it quickly
we're becoming experienced home movers
packers hardest part is just getting
started I think my least favorite part
is just like the paperwork of like
moving into a new place and just all
that stuff and changing utilities and I
blablablabla it's not even that big of a
deal but that's my least favorite part
Jenny hates the packing part now I have
to pack two people our family just keeps
getting bigger and bigger we just grow
out of our places and now that we have
Noah I can't even believe we thought
about having a one-bedroom apartment or
initially like when we were moving into
here we're like maybe we should just do
one bedroom whew dodged a bullet there
that would have been terrible I'd have
been terrible he would still be eating
through the night yeah you would have I
don't know how we would have done that
you wouldn't have done it it just stuck
him in the hall we would have had to
figure something out this has been very
nice at night you know it's good for
both of us he sleeps well we can sleep
decently well and in our new place I
think will go pretty well too because
we'll be we'll have an upstairs and
downstairs we won't wake them up
sometimes I get a little bit crazy
watching like Dance Moms sporting event
something like that or we'll just start
dancing doing something crazy and then
worry about waking them up even just
right now what I'm talking I'm kind of
talking about so it's gonna be good our
new place will fit as well it's just
crazy that who knows the next time we
move we could be expecting another
person in our family you know it's true
though ah I know we just keep getting
bigger and bigger and that's how it's
gonna continue to go I just keep getting
rid of more and more stuff that's good
okay I make a bag of things we can
donate that we have three back you're
gonna get rid of awesome so we're
packing really fun stuff guys thanks for
being a part of it comment of the day
what's up Lindsay you guys I'm sad to
say goodbye to this place so many
special memories little heart big heart
little heart big heart little X big X
not a Libre it's so true we've had so
many memories in this apartment already
and we lived here I mean the time of
fear the time just flew by and I can't
believe everything that's happened to
your including Noah's entire life know
what your entire life very he's smiling
right now still packing I come from the
future I also wanted to talk about one
more thing before ends today's vlog I
think the most asked question in the
comments is how old are you oh yeah
that's 12 but I'm 18 Jen's 23 ok keep on
stop interrupting me so it's who's easy
at row and who seems like half of music
in our videos and that is jesse daniel
Smith
homie ever something never for me the
space to grow it's just a simple Friday
night we
I need to do a better job of putting
like information in the description it's
there it says like out your music jesse
has it soundcloud and everything but
jesse is working on another album his
group called bride and groom it's jesse
and caitlin and they're working on
another album they've set up a little
page where you can like help out if you
want the full length album you get there
for ten bucks you guys possible killer
good skype date you can get a lesson a
guitar lesson and you change the tribe
Tyler's doppelganger yes he and tripod
focus look so alike trap tellers
doppelganger it's Canadian truck Tyler
basically basically what's no dreads hey
hey we're back that's then hey Chad's
Canady try to Heller well Jesse and
Tyler both super talented that's a sure
so I just wanted to give Jesse a little
shout out here because he's working on
the album if you guys want to help
support that i'll put a link in the
description i've been putting tons of
links in the description lately but can
go check it out show some love i'll put
a link to a soundcloud there too so you
can lose just freaking amazing yeah and
he told me that you know as they work on
the album will be able to continue to
use his music in our vlogs and that's
huge because his music is sweet i'm
predicting right now i come from the
future and i'm predicting the future
jesse is someday gonna be Jimmy huge he
deserves an award already that guy's
voice amazing his musics great so
excited for bride and groom hopefully
they can create an awesome album and I
can't wait to listen to it I'm gonna
have to get one of these packages right
now guys were packing got some exciting
things coming ahead of us this week oh
yeah be fun I'm gonna tell you guys
something a little bit more tomorrow
probably oh yeah well there's a special
visitor flying into but you guys will
soon find out look guys by see tomorrow
such a song time going home
on you you everything that I see our
Johar love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you you're everything that I
need I want your heart love any motion
see I'm in love with that laptop Oh
goodbye Oh stephanie is that funny
