good morning sweet world today we are
packing getting ready getting organized
and shaving off any ugly remaining hair
on our faces no what where do you where
you going you guys look at his first bed
there's even his old baby hair still in
it that was WOW was just kind of gross
look I won't put him in it and see what
he does look no you slepin this was your
first bed man was your first thing what
do you think yeah chillaxin we're ready
for vibrations Oh looks like a hammock
it's like a hammock firm now you know
just like yeah they got chilly air for a
while there it is Noah found yeah that's
fun
hello hello is someone in there did you
wake up from your nap sir good morning
sir oh yeah two good naps today too good
to our ABS that's huge it's even gonna
sleep tonight wow you're like an angel
at that light many of you guys have been
asking us for months and those laughing
about it now would you guys have
naturebox you guys have a link for
nature bucks you guys today we finally
do after watching so many people yet
naturebox I've been got nature been
dying to get naturebox especially cuz
there's so many SI racha free option e
snacks everything that we like and if
you guys know me you know I freaking
love snacks it's like Apple wouldn't eat
during the day that's half of what I've
given her as presents throughout our
marriage and no one's living snacks now
too because I feed him i see i can open
this up because i gotta try some of this
stuff
oh yes okay let's see what we have in
here ah we were filming outside because
we're taking a break from moving it's an
absolute mess in there right now okay
okay we got so there were specific
plantain we got orange or mango orange
fruit chews oh wow they're rapin you got
peanut butter nom noms I'm so excited
for those Sam's choice of pain Roger pop
pop pop yes and we got the big round pan
because everyone freaking loves it so we
want to try it too all right we got a
trace on these out okay you're gonna try
your pop-pop's oh here we go SI racha
pop-pop's discover delight nourish enjoy
I mean hurry up I want to try something
whoo just dump a little in your mouth
nose oh wow that's like granola but si
racha only they look like puckering oh
yeah that's definitely a copper it's
like it's like um corn wait what are
those things called no pop rocks it's
like pepper no i knows but does it taste
like um what are those corn things
cornet through the corn nuts waiting
coordinates and cornet this is oh my
gosh these are amazing okay really yeah
carolyn you would like it i know you
would like it's not too spicy I don't
know if I wanted to I thought try it you
would like it Hey naturebox would you
like to try some si Racha pop-pop's here
thought you were importing around Oh got
one here you grab some well that's nice
all right fighting smile good time out
yeah that's good stuff now we got the
big island pineapple yeah oh man yeah
okay no no no wonder one web sees pretty
good mm-hmm is it real Pam hmm I thought
they'd be drier mm-hmm I'm glad they're
not Wow how's you things pretty much
anyone buy it so enjoy it mm-hmm knows
like can happen okay I really want to
have to learn on them Wow we pretty much
love everything and I feel bad because
we're not sharing with you guys if you
watch other videos you know that nature
box has free samples that you guys can
get I'm gonna put a link right in the
description that you can click on and
you can get samples of major bucks try
planting if they taste like the McDonald
mmm really good is actually the best
little n teens have had like like that
mm-hmm so I'm gonna put a link in the
description you guys can get a free
sample of nature box I'll have to do is
pay two dollars for shipping for them to
ship it to your house and you'll get
like a box full of stuff too also I know
I to get some tread naturebox already
but tell us what your favorite naturebox
item is because this is definitely gonna
have to become a regular thing yeah my
god these are so good okay wait wait I
got to me when we were looking at all
the things I had were like okay yeah we
like that we like that feeling that we
like that we like that we like that oh
you love stuff like this oh do you think
know is that good mm-hmm that good
so guys get your free sample click the
link in the description check it out
it's totally worth it I will love it
it's got like it's definitely giving me
some moving life right now not one
woodson our stuff blankets in there
moving and Dejan and Logan when I have
to go to your trailer down help us know
what's up we're moving good it's a mess
in here go at it Noah you ready to move
I might have to be done this is going in
the warehouse our old microwave then we
had to get our first apartment I didn't
have a microwave look at how nice they
were to bring that trailer there's a lot
of room here I wish we had more stuff
packed babe I wish we had more stuff
packed yeah we're gonna head start baby
it's gonna be good hey on Sam said
you've never had chipotle I've never had
chipotle I we're gonna go get something
I'm really excited it's going good dance
baby dance body
now he's not every time I turn the
camera off it dances so we're stopping
at all our favorite places to eat before
we go because like we don't have them in
logan and that's kind of really sad
we're gonna to go to pizza really moan
over there soon but how was your first
capote lee experience i was blessed with
some amazing burritos are you feeling
full I'm very full that's a good thing
and that made well he gave me the extra
guac but we had to play pay extra that's
the one downside to Chipotle you gotta
pay for that guacamole but that's
probably the best part there's nothing
better than holding that breed in your
hands taking that first bite getting
some guac there you go oh there's so
many boxes in the way he's getting
faster oh yeah good way to go oh yeah
look at you getting so much better push
it lawnmower huh no you know you
can't lean forward like that when you
really look push it oh oh you're stuck
man you gotta turn it around you're
gonna love this family room being open
you're gonna love the new place oh
here's the water and he runs gonna go
concerned I was just like seriously
right now he's seriously trying to climb
in the tub once he's like one inch
taller you'll be able to look at look at
look at look at babe who just wants to
get him so bad comment of the day whole
grain kid Sam what makes you think your
nose is so special that you think you
should underline it who are you talking
to you talking to me do me Walt Disney
hey guys moving is going we're not done
got a good head start yeah yeah good
little head start we're gonna head out
in a couple days we also took the good
old DSLR out because Jan's gonna be
firing her up taking some tricks and
bigs coming up he's so weird that
mustache just does things to him but we
did take some photos of Noah and I
wanted to share some of those with you
guys cuz we actually took it there's so
many that turned out so cute here's some
of our favorites remember how earlier I
was like I kept staring at his face in
the vlog and I just kept thinking that
he has two eyebrows here and do I proud
to hear it's like you've got four
eyebrows hear those pics are talking
about
we hope you guys had a great day we had
a good picking and start off packing and
just hanging out with us okay I hope you
guys have a great day tomorrow we love
you bye
dagger
