oh I'm in love whisperer games again I
gotta have spaghetti
pretty got aa again aa happy sunday
everybody he just got home from church
Noah and I were matching today he's got
his green shirt on I got my green tie on
and daylight savings kind of hitting
this feeling a little bit tired that
anything too late that lack of hour of
sleep yeah little teeth oh well as easy
as can you do a little teeth smell look
me right I do a little chief smell I
always loved this little outfit yo let's
get your outfit check it out homie yeah
where's Noah uniform dead buddy go
decided we're just getting some fresh
air let's be a little Sunday so nice out
here seriously so nice he pushes a
little cart oh you'd love me out here
pushing it around but he just wants to
bloat the grass oh I'm gonna push it no
it does this work test test 123
dingleberry test test 123 okay I don't
know gone on there I also don't know
what's going on my face Lee I need to
trim this off guys he looks like the guy
from princess bride Jackie comes out to
me she goes you killed my father are you
going to kill you that's like oh yeah I
think that's exactly how that iconic one
of most famous movie quotes ever goes
how does it he engine you killed my
father and now I will kill you yeah you
guys seen that movie I don't know if I
am look like Zorro and then I and then I
quoted that and he's like that is not 0
oh yeah princess bride still not
participate huh well not how that's how
the court goes well it's just right yeah
yeah don't baton there's also
our thugged out oh he walked jumpsuit
blue baby we're talking about the first
time we took him for a walk on this
street his neck was like hopping around
and I was so nervous and I was like
trying to stabilize on her see on every
single bump i have 0 q and now he's just
hanging over let's see you hey you hey
you what's up chillin his our time
relaxing it's always like ready to go
it's pretty beautiful sunday little
chilly but I'm gonna say it again sun's
out mountains are pretty bunt out it's
free spring is coming oh yeah there's a
little bit of sprouted sprouted we're
gonna go see a little rig hopefully he's
doing well I still I keep forgetting to
ask if she's changed his name so we'll
see if he's still Wrigley and our hearts
is I've missed him a lot i keep having
like I hear i'm running around dark Sam
goofs dream that night that he's taking
care of a dog I know I do it's bad the
past two nights I've been sleepwalking i
miss the guy like it eat this kumasi
he's not interested yet he's not
interested yet betcha so hard for dogs
to learn everything I took my pond is
just like teach them you know oh wait
yeah that you know their don't have to
show you yes this is the little puppy
he's now officially mozzie and no more
pride a farm dog which i think is the
coolest yeah look at this where you
going come here sorry mr. go get it Oh
mozzie ok G anyone watch white collar
that's where he got his name yeah this
is his mama right here yes she's taking
such good care of him madder up with
cows which i think is amazing cool thing
ever really is mozzie come here mozzie
promised Hanna
Oh Eric it's hard to boys love it wasn't
about me was talking here transceiver
like you so we just saw Wrigley who's
now named mozzie and he was very happy
we were very happy that he was happy
he's with a great family she's got a
great place to live don't think Jen I
said it multiple times my favorite part
is that he's gonna be growing up next to
some cows so I told him I was like as I
expected Christmas card of mozzie and
the cows it's really good you know he's
got grown up with a nice family with
some animals he's gonna be a great he's
like a little farm dog and he's so happy
skip it around playing with us so I'm
really glad that he's doing well so
happy he's with they're taking such good
care of him this whole time things kind
of throw this up especially when you
have kids that don't really know the
time I made some spaghetti and meatballs
though I got meatballs so we're excited
and Noah's hungry and we'll see how
tonight goes because like i said the
timing changing an hour throws him off
completely i'm in love wit again I gotta
has to get to getty i'm in love with
spaghetti again I gotta have spaghetti
day I'm in love with spaghetti again I
got a esta Getty spaghetti I'm in love
oh I'm
happy birthday I gotta have spaghetti or
baby food when the kid is counting sheep
we're cookin ice cream we just don't buy
cookies or sweets dreams of melodies
eating cookie didn't sleep it's time
that we do some comments of the day and
also a shout out it's not shout out
sunday i think someone actually
recommended a new name for the day
comment of the day by jazz in general
the kid having a tantrum at target is my
spirit animal hello kike says fun fact
samick i means peaceful and hindi it's
actually a popular name for girls if you
guys remember in yesterday's vlog when
we were at target and i was holding the
two blue Daleks there's a kid just like
going ham in the aisle is a blue tag the
screaming for his parents remember
telling jen i was like oh man that might
be our future kid seven tantrums you
know that goes this week shout out i
want to give a shout out to friends
vlogs there's two kinds people in this
world ha two schools of thought no but
really there is more people hate
daylight savings because it completely
messes with them and the other me i
can't tell a difference you and my mom
she's the same way okay guy for like a
week before daylight savings okay guys
now remember right now i actually feels
like nine o'clock but it's really only
you know like just further a whole week
before daylight saving she's like hey
hey what's up but visiting mazi
considering mossy green you've nowhere
right Bubba hello his face hi they
actually lived pretty close to us and
that's where we walked yesterday to go
see Wrigley now named mozzie their
sister is actually Wrigley's mom now
mozzies mom and so if you guys want to
continue
follow wrigley / mozzie and his
adventures I know they'll be visiting
them all the time because he's part of
their family now so I'm going to post a
link to their vlogs right in the
description you guys can go subscribe
check them out you can follow mozzie
around there to really good people they
helped us move in our washer and dryer
when we originally moved here it was
crazy because we didn't know them had
met on Twitter kind of and then he
tweeted me josh de and he's like I think
you guys just moved in like a block away
so I think we're probably gonna go get
lunch this week together too it's kind
of sad that we're leaving but if you
guys want to continue to keep up on
mozzie in their lives they post daily
vlogs and all like I said post that link
here so go say hi and tell them what's
up I come from the future where our
family room is a mess because we are
moving moving this week and she can't
wait to be there get it all unpacked
it's gonna be really fun week so that's
what's happening we'll see you guys
tomorrow love you peace so just hold fun
eyes on you you everything that I see
y'all Joe hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion it's the our couch is gone
