kanima's again let's do so quo baby
loves it
oh hey guys
it's huge Tolman of Legos look at that
now
ha
Legos buddy spread them all getting our
cousin a present for her brainchild
good morning sweet world I'm about to
eat this wrap I'm about to go in and I
have my year by math day love your
birthday not just like a plane kind of
like it with a little bit of flavor
everybody's having a wonderful weekend
I'm gonna watch some survivor I started
watching Survivor again an amazing race
which is something he needs to do
probably eight years ago
I remember in Survivor first came out I
was like super into it and then tribe
Tyler talks about Survivor a lot and so
I was like yeah I'll give this season to
go so because I'm gonna do right now
while I eat my Road they are currently
on our way to our cousin Brees bridal
shower cause she gets married in those
months and these houses are freaking
nuts up here we're up in Alpine
currently and uh they're huge
oh now I know I'm going up a hill where
you don't see any of the houses babies
those babies see that baby
but you think of the waterfall bubby
this house has a waterfall that's when
you know you've made it in life I'm
doing on your face
here's the KDS babies they rock on
CAHSEE rock on told her when she saw it
she's gonna wear it for the wedding
flirting up a storm is so
goodbye I love you goodbye
I love I'm not gonna do that to you
though that'd be gross
look at the prize I won okay I didn't
really win it I just took it and then my
aunt's that I could take it as long as I
showed it on the video so I okay I never
buy anything from the store
no look it's that's full of stuff I
can't remember the last time we had like
nice right soap we always get like the
generic yeah that's a mean Alexa we're
talking about um Josh's wife I was like
she's like I just go to one get the
dollar sign I'm like you to look at this
so frou-frou II yes soap and this
frou-frou soap and why I love frou-frou
soap it is a beautiful day and we just
took a nap when you know I took a nap
provide an hour
you know did you say and we had the
windows open it felt good you can just
feel the warmth of the Sun coming in and
I'm back and talked about getting
another sea route to quesarito I tried
Cerrito but is this chicken one it was
gross there was it was a all not to
achieve sauce there was nothing in it
she didn't get it here and she knew guys
throughout you one enemy in the Baja bus
I did get a couple months spent a couple
months and said about a bus I didn't
film I turn up cute talk we're going to
turn you into in search of a walker for
knowing Big Mama why you doing this to
me come on excited oh yeah I don't feel
like go of those now it's so nice maybe
you should get one for him
I hope the Easter Bunny brings us to
know it's got basketball a little
football and a baseball thing are you
hoping daddy builds your little Walker
please no excited look good huh dad the
builder and the Builder hopefully Jen
the Builder doesn't have to step in haha
this is probably one of the cutest
things I've ever seen no helping dad
loves his nice watch Oh give me a
courtesy giggle ready so excited legit
guys today at my sister cousin my sister
my cousin's bridal shower
eylem stand up and he's stood there for
like a full minute and then the next
time I did it you tried to take a step
it was really cute huh
you're cute
go dad Noah go get it
oh he's so cute
okay ready grab the handle and go
pushing it I'll help you are ready oh
okay oh my gosh see there I got the hang
of it almost look at him good here we go
here we go yeah he's dying he doesn't
know what to do go go go go go good job
good job
again he's so talking good job hahaha
well that's what he wanted you think
give me the front of it dad
okay was I candlelit so quo baby was it
I feel back from a workout and you guys
are pulled I pulled something I tweet
something am i back out doing touch
sorry I was doing tuck jumps and
something I felt something I felt
something I don't know what I felt but
it was something
and there still pain this isn't good
guys I like fine like bending over
actually feels better it's true I can't
turn to the side at all I can't twist my
back either direction yeah I feel like
when you put on the the sad montage
because that's how I feel right now I
don't know hopefully it feels a little
better tomorrow and I'm able to like
pick no up and stuff but to drown my
sorrows after my workout Oh cuz I don't
like cookies last week and they say it's
a cookie and sweet I just don't buy
cookies or sweets this is what I would
always get from like I don't know where
I would get these things store and stuff
it's from Trader Joe's PS is it
beautiful everywhere today because today
in Salt Lake it was freaking gorgeous
and it was so warm a psychotic I could
feel the warmth of the Sun can you know
one winter like you feel the Sun and
still kind of cold well it was hot and
it was awesome okay say I wanted me to
record my reaction but tomorrow
this is so naughty
these are so freakin good hey guys I
lost the comment of the day it was
someone saying the outro music was
bothering them so I'm gonna change it up
today with some nice classical music my
goal is to start like following through
different outros and intros kind of like
I used to do in the past so if we can
get towards that it's gonna be a crazy
week coming up we are going to move we
need to pack we're gonna get into our
new place it'll be a lot of fun I think
you guys are gonna like the new place
I'm excited to be there too
so hope you guys are having a wonderful
weekend the shout out Sunday I kind of
mistimed it I would rather record it on
Sunday and post it on Monday so we might
have to call it something other than
shout out Sunday so just wait for that
tomorrow and we'll see you guys then
Libya peace
you do everything that I see I want your
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you you're everything that I
need I want your hot love and emotion
see it's me Mario
AHA personal
