hey guys recently Noah has been waking
up at night crying and then eventually
goes back to sleep so we were wondering
if it was many night terrors but then we
discovered that night terrors don't
start until like age too but some of you
may actually be dealing with this some
of your kids might have night terrors or
they have had night terrors in the past
it's a pretty common thing we discovered
I love technology and there's actually a
product that was made cavalli as the
only proven solution to night terrors
what you do is you stick it underneath
your kids bed it actually sends out
vibrations and kind of helps regulate
their sleep patterns so that then they
eventually after about four weeks to
learn your sleep pattern you don't even
need any more right so it like vibrates
right before they're about to have a bad
dream so it kind of wakes them up and
like they don't even have the dream and
then you don't even have to worry about
it so I know there are a lot of parents
have to worry about this some of you
guys don't even have kids some of you
guys are in high school middle school
but some of you might be experiencing
this so this is definitely something you
should check out because you can control
it from your phone and like check your
kids sleep patterns on your face you can
see how they're doing it's something
that's supposed to help out a ton I'm
gonna put a link in the description if
this is something that applies to you go
check it out watch the youtube video
there and let us know how it goes and if
it's something that you experience like
and you know some signs of it but it's
not you because I furniture yeah and how
young you notice your your kid um having
night terrors for sure parents unite
parents let's start the vog jet dancing
did you did it ddddd big it's got the
finger dance up the Nash the mustache is
back will then notice
hey guys rock up Park City at the
shopping outlets and looks so good my
tribe Tyler T doesn't it oh we're just
having chosen it always finally asleep
oh I feel like we need the thrift store
song on by Nakamura haha how's it go
how's it go you guys the birthday song
oh my gosh that looks awesome I never
been told again Oh way they are mesh
looks blue Britney look at this she's
the other thrift store she looks like
she's in the NOC more video Jenica is
heading to park city with her cousins
and noah and kezi and I have to get a
lot of things done but I think before I
get everything done i should probably
die my mustache and beard too kid I just
want to see if Jed notices this time so
I'm gonna go for it and we'll see if
it's as noticeable as before because
last time she had no clue where you can
surprise us I feel like we need to have
some news video right now I'm gonna do
it so long I love it is you thought well
no it's shorter
oh yeah I think this one's just shorter
ok ready Brittany for the reveal ya know
mine doesn't have button that's totally
style right now forget you guys oh my
gosh impromptu dance session oh no um
Sarah Borelli Bareilles bra it is it is
thirty percent uh oh it's so beautiful
out like I don't know if you guys heard
minstrel rep at park city at the outlets
up here it's it's like nice out to it's
like feels good outside i know i brought
like my big winter coat and a winter
coat for noah and Bernie's putting on
shoes that she just bought and i got two
skirts gift card to danny's no you need
to use your gift card to down east Oh
from your pants you'll go back and get
one of those skirts once you're feeling
like it's perfect on you kicks you off
your shoes now do a little spider-man
jump off here come on come on drop your
shoes show how culito you jump real high
on those shoes they finance jump flying
you're fine it's come on right here
fly refinance three two one oh that was
nothing just keep closing your eyes keep
them closed keep em closed keep them
closed keep them closed
okay look I thought they'd fit a little
better there's still a little big for
her face look at those oh yeah a
little-little sunbathing baby thank you
she is sticky tack look at how big you
buy up there mister yes little poopit
better why are you cuz ii I can't see
you oh there you are hey you did you
have fun shopping I said time to time
are you walking up the stairs not you
her sisters as a kid yeah are you
walking up the stairs or more his dad
just fling me love this date his face
looks like he's trying so hard day for
baby there's nothing cuter than a baby
in a day per man really runs making rent
things have been kind of hectic crazy
busy lately and it's every night it gets
to the point where it's like oh my gosh
what are we eating for dinner which
doesn't really gone grocery shopping
lately so I'm gonna take care of all
that tonight go get some food and make
it up for the family because Jen does
such a good job of taking care of me
every day so that I can get things done
Noah loves noodles Jen loves noodles we
just started to eat meatballs so I'm
going to try to get some speedy any
balls i think maybe i'll get something
else but we'll see
you but I would oh my gosh wait relax
your face look like the guy that plays
iron man do you guys see this watch this
will start swinging it I'll start
swiping right fit swipe it's ripe it
type it swipe it dude I'm a bad
influence I never get sick of that what
keeps like screaming like yay baby I got
the most surprising tweet today I
thought it was pretty cool it surprised
me it was response from a tweet that I
did last night where I said Jenica is
having a girls night so no and i are
pulling an all-nighter and playing xbox
sorry for tired tomorrow babe bad boy so
xbox then responded with this tweet Sam
we see a probe gamer in your future
hashtag Xbox worth it achievement
unlocked boys all nighter they probably
were hoping that I would then share that
tweet like I am doing right now and it
worked because I thought it was so cool
that a big company like that pays
attention to their customers and then
drip their own custom image of Noah and
I on the cat
and gave me my own achievement in Xbox
for those of you that don't even know an
ex-boxer from playtex baking Xbox before
you probably like whatever but I thought
was pretty sweet good job Xbox you made
me an even bigger fan today I can't sit
with my back the wall with her me
straight it hurts keep your back
straight oh this is a really funny angle
you look hilarious I can't do a meet on
the other hand my father whenever he saw
me like flashing he date strain your
back Jenny cuz he's a chiropractor so he
always gets me on that I really need to
work on my flexibility so what are some
easy ways to like get more flexible
because this is the only way to get more
flexible is to stretch hey I know I need
to look at what do you mean it hurts I
can lay perfectly straight with my back
straight hey let me go against the wall
I can't do that it's terrible I have
issues I know it was inflexible hopes
pretty much all the mayor has issues
with flexible we're gonna flexibility
I'm gonna start sitting like this hey
you always 15 minutes of it not you
won't is in I just like you were gonna
train for a marathon it's my mom all I
can stare is your facial hair just do
one leg at a time it's painful what one
like a tree get one leg at a time sit
reach was the one event never did that
was one event I could do oh because I'm
a really long torso least tell me you're
not flexible though is that you gotta
warm up for that motion actually that's
a sergeant yeah do you want to see me do
that you feel good okay let's see here
I'll do the same thing as y'all holli
ter something don't tear anything babe I
need your legs to work oh yeah he needs
meant up hey ya la oh yeah okay I'm
gonna work my flexibility guys so let's
all do that together because I'm more
flexible you is a more flexible what
I don't know this is scary I think it's
good it's being flexible like
flexibility is an underrated thing in
life that that's probably better that
you are flexible so yeah there we go I'm
gonna work on this put your butt to the
back wall yeah II really cute comin of
day yeah we need to say hey we need it
yeah we need to sound bid for coming out
of the day maybe jen's it Brooke comment
of the day no his first word ya know
girls night ever do you know I bet you
guys have missed this one it's that time
of night where we say yeah goodnight did
you come to you are you all u haul
u-haul wow I needed you how so he can
move next week don't you think whoa you
all guys let's get u haul to sponsor us
and help us move gu all you call you
Holly Hall good night we love you sleep
sleep sometime tomorrow morning to both
of you maybe I should cut the message
she said you liked them mustache yeah
just some fun
eyes on you you everything that I see
our Johar love an emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your love anymore
show it's the funky funky I brother ooo
I wish I can mean whatever else but I
can't really you do away with your
eyebrows
