well back home ain't that right mr. ah
good to be clean clothes huh we had a
really good time with our friends Tran
Joanie and little beta and we did end up
finding a place guys we found place I'm
not really sure though when we're gonna
be like moving moving I think we're just
gonna slowly start putting things in
boxes and just getting cleaned up and
organized you know and just getting rid
of some stuff ah it's favorite place to
be you guys just mean look so big lately
like you just look so tall to me and big
and hey Noah also I totally forgot to
mention that this kid got another two
it's not these ones this one so he's
gonna look hilarious in about a week
he's in his own world right now he loves
watching these pictures changing the TV
my dad owes its mavin I don't pick up
his phone calls or his face towns and
now so we're calling him out of time
that he probably won't be good so that
we can be like why did you pick up you
bonehead mm-hmm hey I know great hey
we're just out gangs fresh air doesn't
have them playing the grass and stuff
but I forgot those your snow until the
grass is so come what so that guy stinks
my buddy so might just go see my cousin
and also me my cousin having a gno
tonight girls night out we're going out
to a movie beginning you were just
smiling smile again smile on come and go
look they were trying to sit up you guys
hi know what he keeps trying to like get
his face bashed in by that Gianna Gianna
Gianna help gee I know we're really
excited I feel like we've like sneak a
treat in or something I feel like you
know how we're doing our sugar but oh
yeah have you been doing it good they
feel immediate watch y'all know what
you've gotta let her swing go over your
buddy like I'm gonna get at you John
just called me and she said come outside
with the camera so here I go I'm going
outside with the game around
hey buddy we just walked almost all the
way from Jordan South would you let's
see you get in little steps are you so
proud of himself let it go and just soak
you we need to get you a little thing
that you can push ya little toes always
get stuck you going buddy she has to
like what this foot oh he's so cute be
proud of your accomplishment of walking
with Mama I'm strong yes you're the cool
shoes ya doing and now we're mmmn I have
a very very very very very important
question for you guys what causes earwax
to be yellow this is a minus isn't what
I'm get it cuz just like dust and stuff
right why is it not like a clear wax in
your ears ill this is so girls right now
so I clean them out with baby q-tips but
why is it so yellow no I'm look at me
it's like you're from risky business
it's like you're from my mom that's like
you're from risky business look it's
like you're from risky business so you
want those things off of me Oh playa
there's honestly nothing like a baby
sitting crisscross applesauce eating
treats from their car look at his little
legs he did that all by himself you guys
he does cell by himself hello legs are
crossed don't know how is it undo them
though come in here you guys are trying
chocalate on your pizza so good joke I
suppose on my vinaigrette I'm doing
that's awesome for first to feed noah no
doing it
laughing at me it was like me no yeah
you look no was eating and Sam's like
singing or dancing or something he will
not eat he's just so he only loves his
mandarin oranges are such beautiful oh I
want mom's beat that I get mom's beat
then this is a little bit of TMI but
we've kind of been playing this game
lately when we change his diaper and
that's guess what the meal was because I
didn't know this and I guess this is
normal and he said is for Noah that he
digests his food he's so country that's
an Izzy's done eating something he's
like hi mom I more but he digest his
food in like a couple hours and then
Allison you're changing his diaper and
you see what he just ate for lunch and
you're like what the heck man would that
kind of metabolism is that you lovelies
actually he looks all food he really
does we've not yet found a foodie does
not like yeah peas and green beans Oh
peas and green means hey guys so I'm
about to head out Sam just want with
Noah to the store just to like kill a
last half hour and kind of distract him
so when I leave he won't be like to
upset because I usually put him down
every night so he's out with him and
I've just been cleaning up getting all
of his stuff organized and finishing up
laundry and stuff like that before I
head out to my genome with my cousin so
I'm really excited it'll be really fun
we're going to go see the Deaf I don't
if I mention that if I'm real excited I
love cheesy little chick flick movies
like that high school I'm all about it
dad's going solo for bedtime tonight and
so far it's going well what'd you say
Noah what's in the bowl game hopefully
he'll go to bed dwell for me Jen usually
does like the milk and rocking him for a
second then putting them down then
usually lays down and falls asleep after
that so hopefully it goes well
do ya know G&O so we thought we were
going to the right theater and turns out
we went to the wrong feeder so the movie
is current it has just started previews
we were lost in the freaking parking lot
movie theater hey I should take forever
yeah that dang good we're very bad at
directions me and Johnny's is it's right
there and we were right here gonna turn
you know to suggest you hate maps G&O
anyway so now we're headed to the new
movie theater to hopefully make it in
time oh I just miss like the first half
hour it's okay it's still GNE up gia no
I'm so excited redo I'm so excited to
yeah yeah oh man I should you should God
Oh stupid gia no extras we both have
been bulls and we look related we r do
you look related guys do we look more
related than our sisters highlighted to
ask how come my head looks way bigger
than yours cuz he has your little pea
head no has my future hello there yeah
okay there we go haha yeah I want to
treat ya know meet you clearly I'm
finger treats
i know but i have a thirty dollar gift
card that we're using so and she's a
popcorn bowl popcorn bow no papa I just
sang to him gave him some milk and I'll
check on him so I just put him down and
told him I loved him and to go to sleep
um he's almost asleep and with this dog
he'll fall asleep very soon now all
right enjoy every kid yourself enough to
get dinner this is bring buy the tickets
are outside I'm so worried oops G&O okay
Jenna still let her movie maybe they
went out for ice cream I don't know it's
been a while but I just watched the
bulls game which is really fun and
meanwhile during the commercials I was
like reading comments responding to them
let's see one comment here if you cared
as much about the way you disrespect
your wife as you do about the see Roger
crap then maybe your video something for
interesting oh good good times you know
what's frustrating though some people
will say like super rude things and then
have their replies disabled so I can't
even respond or say anything sometimes
people ask questions to another repo is
disabled and that's kind of frustrating
cuz I want to answer your questions but
I can't another thing that a lot of
people are asking is whether we're
buying a house and we're not buying ass
we have been renting an apartment and we
are looking just to rent a townhome you
know go from there although I definitely
don't like paying rent it kind of stinks
we have some see raja mayo fans in the
house i made a sandwich the other day
with SI racha mayo is pretty good a lot
of you have said Sam just mix here ah
chai and ketchup and I'll be honest that
combination i think maybe better than
the hind sea route to catch up i've been
doing that I just like to see people's
interpretation of things like spicy
ketchup or see Roger ketchup from heinz
the one that everyone kind of recognize
this as the big ketchup manufacturer
that's why i was really excited to try
it oh another comment from the same
person that doesn't like me who i can't
respond to your FirstBest day should be
getting married in your second the day
your son was born of course I was being
sarcastic hi this is the greatest second
greatest day of my life I'm sarcastic
sometimes and I know sometimes it may
not come across that way i feel like if
you watch enough of the vlogs though you
you'll catch
to the sarcasm hopefully it's more
obvious I know that's kind of hard to
catch growth ah oh you're driving back
home from the movie and we actually made
it on time I let Xiao lost it and it
like literally just started and we
thought we were like 15 months later
movie yeah we thought we at least miss
the first time yeah we didn't so good
with nobody on the character in it are
Larry yes perfect for their place oh my
gosh I was shocked at how good it was
yes there were some inappropriate parts
so you know ask your mother if you can
see it gianna you know it's pg-13 by one
of the men to 430 era I wouldn't take me
there to you you know then it is so good
it hasn't it in purpose really now wanna
go we want to go by sure to say I'm
waddup because they do have those shirts
because I felt like I was a tough media
means you guys can just log out the
donation or just okay anything right
exactly it's like i mean you have those
friends obviously
you're like whatever we could you're the
death this cushy job you may not know it
you know that's okay i'm sure some of
you guys were a deaf too could never
really know i felt like i was enough
we're all depth to someone I wasn't leah
was about we're all does just what I
still think I'm a death I heard that
he's way hotter than me whatever aired
and now was a boat ha their babies
really cute let's go buddy Jeff shirts
no I really do you get a line and see
how much they can I go see it again I so
I would do i want to buy that one teeny
I know that was perfect feels fake yeah
they do it again yes we do but guys
before or five or six or seven like
every day before I leave whoa I think
you guys have yourself a gno cheek egg
room filmer we shouldn't epic dance card
on you now we had an epic dance party
with all these peeps on you now me bring
you back
okay guys you're in the dance party now
hello good people of the Internet's
comment of the day let's get to it
comment of the day goes to Lauren
Franklin who is a longtime samick a
viewer she said just wanted to let the
family know that finally it's baby time
yay i'm going to be induced at nine days
overdue thank you for the prayers and
support Lauren you probably won't see
this until afterwards but we really hope
everything went well with the baby and
that you're holding the baby now in your
arms that is such an amazing day and we
just wanted to congratulate you hope
everything went well you'll have to
tweet us or post a picture or something
like that so we can see what the baby
looks like congratulations Lauren I
can't say it enough we love you guys
thank you for being positive thank you
for having fun with us thank you for
being there with us throughout this
journey life is a crazy thing and you
guys make it a lot more enjoyable so
thanks for being there for us we will
see you guys tomorrow love ya pase such
a song time going home
on you you everything that I see our Joe
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you you're everything that I
need I want your hot love and emotion
it's the I got my eyes on you everything
that I need Oh
