I'm in another city and I realized that
there are reports of si racha ketchup
spottings here and I'm gonna go get it
right now and they better not be sold
out and they better have it in stores on
the shelves or else I will be completely
disappointed
yes
I'm kind of mad that all the labels
though at the store like I were checked
every single wonder they're all falling
off come on hi this is the greatest
second greatest day of my life ahead of
getting married just ahead of getting
married second to Noah being born it's
always a head of getting married I'm
just kidding sriracha ketchup is better
than asking married you look gross ah i
mix in a bar it tastes more like si
racha what ketchup taste us with a
friend taste hyssop a fry it was not
Sully mm-hmm haven't been able to find
it anywhere no I click here on the
MasterChef for the 1st time in that's it
first time here my palate I was actually
quite delighted by the tiny sweetness
okay to be honest I need a more bite
smell it Oh Huntsman's like Tabasco yeah
it tastes like ketchup spicy the taste
my ketchup remarks here I don't know
whether I'm happy or sad well of course
I'm gonna be spicy because it mixed
ketchup is like a very non spicy things
more sweet than spicy I was looking for
some cake hmm what's it taste like just
like mellow down si racha it hold this
oh I can't help my arms oh how he's
heavy tray try no longer I see Roger it
doesn't really taste like si racha
though that's the thing Oh what just a
sec let me see Rochester view Tabasco
Kesha yeah it is more like Tabasco yeah
one more but can't decide just today
whether it's meat
jay says mess up there's guy there's a
kick in there it's just your tongue is
needs extra extra extra kick I taste
spice oh no I mean like you probably
need to put all opinions on top or
something interesting what's the verdict
yay or nay I need more time Oh
turbocharged which means it's more of an
A than a yay turn no it's really good
look it to memory yeah you big oh this
is so good it's really good but doesn't
really taste like sriracha me alright
doesn't that's my face of disappointment
right there well this is day three of
wearing the same clothes and the thing
out of our bags and having nothing but
trying to join you have an amazing
letting asleep at their place while
we've been trying to figure out where
we're gonna less I'm not like extra like
stuff for Noah let me ahead we're like a
girl's pajama that's what I wouldn't got
him some little outfits to her you'll
have to show you I'm like a Peter Rabbit
way actually funny so in that shopping
you comes up with surprises but never in
the shooting yeah and I've been wearing
this hoodie with like a tank top
underneath for like two days straight
but that's not the point the point is
that we're back out looking at places
again pretty much the same ones we went
to yesterday we might like three days
yeah we just want to make sure he liked
pick the right place yeah
that'll even living here I mean we've
lived here before so he keeps on Logan
for five years yeah this is going on
this would be up in here first thing you
can you like 7th year like said look
here yeah and so we wanted to look for
something more like better for our
family in this case yeah then there's
like a smaller apartment yeah so we were
looking at townhomes but it's hard to
find the right one for us anyway so
we're taking our friend Johnny to go
look at look at them with us and see
what she thinks good a second opinion
yeah because I'm done the sensing an
outsider's opinion yeah we'll see what
happens hopefully you're there in the
moment it would like the person that
wants you to take it they're like yeah
there's everything are the best if you
let me tell you something occasionally
you turn on the water faucet and it
comes out orange soda that's how cool
this place is it's magical you should
live here right and so everything then
every time you go to a place like yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah like the one
place we were recorded where we were
there alone the funny part is like if we
had someone there like convincing us
about it we've been like on your place
yeah but like it just didn't have a head
like a dark vibe yeah so this is enough
like we just want a place lots you
finally want a place with white I've
always lived in like dives hey dreary
places because they're like dis
apartments you know we're probably gonna
move out same two weeks soon to a TV
tuner so I'm here hanging out at a case
Yuma beers house you guys know I'm not
at caseys I just do that joke every
single time I'm of my buddies house what
are you gonna show your uncle Matt how
much you love your giraffe he made you
oh you miss him how does that thing did
you miss somebody you're back get all
your toys again did you miss your
giraffe love nothing Oh making out the
dress we are back we're back in salt
lake city and we found a place that we
are going to hopefully live in and Logan
we submitted our application so now
they're running the whole background
check all that sort of jazz they'll find
out that Jenna cos actually an alien
and hopefully they're okay with that
we're pretty excited about it our number
one thing that we wanted was to have an
extra room that we could dedicate solely
to like editing kind of like an office a
place where we could finally put our
lights and film and just make it an easy
go-to place because right now like our
place is so messy and it's just yeah
it's not good the other thing is that we
wanted a place with a lot of light a lot
of natural light we've just been living
in these dungeons and when you live in a
cold climate where it gets super cold
like Logan in salt lake if you're in the
dark it kind of is depressing I mean we
haven't gotten like depressed because of
it but it's you know having a bright
place really changes the mood of the
whole thing Stewart contacted me
yesterday and was like hey you want to
help film a video today but he got sick
in the night so I was kind of bummed
because I was pretty excited to work on
something for him I haven't helped or
filmed with him in a couple months I
don't think so that wasn't be a lot of
fun hopefully we can do that another day
oh this week he actually wanted to film
it in logan so that was gonna work out
like perfectly I was like dude did you
know I was already down here he was like
no I didn't actually so it was funny how
that happened but I have something that
I'm kind of upset about and that is I
left my si racha ketchup and my friends
fridge so to kind of fill the void I'm
gonna go try out one of those SI racha
key cerritos that you guys have all been
tweeting me about and we'll see how it
tastes I'll be honest the SI racha
ketchup I was kind of disappointed I
don't know if you could tell my face
like probably didn't hide it but it
wasn't that see wasn't that good like it
was good i would totally eat that over
regular catch up but i was like dang
this is it what i wanted
you good how are you doing could I get
one SI racha quesarito great looker
looks good all right thank you okay so I
got the case cerrito right here if any
of you guys have been around youtube for
a while i'm guessing you have stumbled
upon Dame drops i think that's a say his
name there was a while that I would
watch his food reviews like all nights
video after video after video after
video so this is a tribute to Dame drops
or i think is still doing food reviews
this time it's a sea racha quesarito
sooo i'm parked taking my seat belt off
just getting more comfortable guys he
always does his reviews in the car so
that's what I'm doing today you'll be it
okay I'm unwrapping it let's just take a
quick look at this baby hey hey looking
good some fresh grill marks for Taco
Bell looks like there's a little sauce
coming out I go in for that first bite
ready for this
dang dang dang dang I'm not gonna lie
that's pretty good and it also has a
nice little spice let me give you an
inside look at this baby he's got a
little like creamy sauce I'm si racha
sauce a little steak rice pretty good
I'm not gonna lie i think this is better
than the super achi ketchup if I was at
home right now i would add more si racha
to it to see what it you know see what
that does but in this case I'm and a
little bit of fire see how it tastes
with that fire sauce superfish that fire
sauce that's good stuff it's funny when
i ordered this the lady was like joining
me sauce with it and I was like a prolee
di sauce and this was like nah that's
okay she's like are you sure I was like
I guess I'll fire sauce she's like I
knew it I need get the fire sauce and I
was like oh okay all right yeah you like
creamy she brought you sauce this is
pretty good I would definitely go back
and get it something i would definitely
crave fourth meal for sure I like it
it's good I'd give it like a four out of
five I don't know what a five is but I
just need to have that room for
something that's super good and this is
this is awesome alright we're back i
just edited today's vlog there's a lot
of SI racha i know no other is not
enough know end the vlog today but we've
been filming today and there's a lot of
Noah oh oh oh and it spread out here
guys thanks so much for all your support
I'm not going to do a comment of the day
today but tomorrow we will Mallette Jed
head but the camera Jen head but the
camera with authority what some people
say haven't been head-butting it well
enough lately okay but me we love you
guys tomorrow such a song time
on you you're everything that I see
y'all Joe hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion let's see should be busy busy me
is very very busy glancing exit maybe
this is oh crap no you don't
