sleigh bells ring are you listening in
the lane snow is glistening a beautiful
time we're happy tonight walking through
and run the land March we woke up in a
winter wonderland in March this is the
most snow we've seen all winter guys
crazy
it's so there's so much powder on the
floor but the ski resorts are so happy
right now
now we need to go find a place to live
but you can do the job while you're in
town
later on we might see Ellie and Jared at
Toro Viejo where I like to eat burritos
we have you f ef ef ef ef ef ef we're
moving back to love in Utah
removing which means we need to find a
new place no do you think this is the
place
Oh does it go a little bit does it let
go a little bit
ah ah this is one of the options here's
like the family room area you got the
kitchen we've already been to another
place today I think I like that place
better didn't you yeah this is uh I like
the hardwood floor and like nice and
open and things was it like a garage
over here I think yeah check it out cool
so the place where we're moving it's
just the cost of living is so much
cheaper that for the same amount of
money that is much nicer and bigger you
guys are getting a little house tour
right now although to be honest that it
would be this is probably where we're
gonna live because we went to another
place today and I already like that
place better than this one here we go
upstairs
whoa this is a big bedroom no what do
you think of this bedroom ah bathroom I
don't think this is the place either
isn't that weird how like it just
doesn't feel like the place nice big
closet though
yeah it's weird how like I'm glad you
said that there's things I really talk
laundry yeah got another bedroom last
one it is a really similar setup in some
ways but yeah check it out house
hunters' same a good dish okay except we
don't have the same budget as all the
people that are on house hunters on HGTV
oh yeah by far my favorite thing is the
floors there they are nice you think
this is it
I don't think this is it I like the
little place better know what do you
think of this place see if there's any
drinks near if there's like a baja blast
then this is the place well you never
know if there was a bus it's destiny
let's go oh we better turn the lights
off all right we're having a discussion
here you know when you're eating chicken
and you get that one part of the piece
and you bite into it and you're like and
I really need a napkin right now just
spit it out you know I'm talking about
you're like oh okay what let's everyone
tell us every what's how do you describe
that what's the name threat Jenni you
first the bunny
oh boy oh boy like like like boy me Jen
what do you call that
I thought boy you did all-time wait
why'd you say you've got a tough piece
of chicken actually I was trying to
think myself I don't think I have any
name for it I just called rules crappy
pieces yeah like we just got to spit out
give a name for that piece of chicken
where it's like he's posted in the
comments apparently she calls it a
staring contest go hey yo that's gone
forever
I'm staring at your eyes in the screen
then I'm almost about to blink sometimes
you feel like you blink but you don't
your mother said no I'm just moving my
eyes you know
oh my so I wanted to fill in the cracks
give me the rest of the story as Paul
Harvey used to say some of you guys
probably don't even get that reference
it's an old radio show I don't even know
if it's still running we are moving back
to Logan removing back to Logan which is
where Utah State is the freeway we
graduated from college not too long ago
we lived in Logan previously for like
five and he was there for six years
other bikers no no I took me a little
bit longer to get through school thanks
for reminding me
and we have a lot of friends that still
live there all those different babies
that come in to visit Noah
oh my girlfriends they all live in Logan
they all live in Logan so that it's
gonna be a lot of fun I know you're
looking forward to that yeah I love them
the way it all came about was kind of
crazy the timing was like what this is
basically our lease was about to expire
and we got a note from our front office
here and they're like hey at least
inspire you gotta tell us like what you
want to do we're gonna up your rate a
hundred bucks and I was like what
we should go east go west well further
15 minutes 30 minutes look for somewhere
that was more affordable we just really
weren't sure what to do then literally
the very next day after we get that
letter she was like hey Jen I'd be
awesome if you could take photos and
like I could help out with different
things that I can do even from our own
home that'd be a lot of fun who wouldn't
want to work with friends right I was
like this is cool and we can still I
told Jay I was like dude I think it'd be
a lot of fun but I really want to still
be able to do like the YouTube stuff
today
having fun channels where we can talk
about our interests and Jen can do her
thing and he was like yeah that's
totally cool he's like you got me like
yeah of course cuz they're all you do is
hang of course I understand and I was
like that's awesome because that's one
thing that we really want and that's why
we ended our previous job exactly any
fact I was like I'm not gonna just like
go from one thing to the next
so just trixin alone isn't pushing us to
like want to go to Logan no we took into
account all our friends that are still
there we've friends here in Salt Lake
who we see more and Logan because that's
where they're from they always go there
on the weekends when they have free time
yeah and plus the cost of living is
awesome before we got married I had an
apartment I shared a room it was really
big we even had a secret dark dungeon in
it we should try and go back in he said
and the rent alone was $350 and now
you're thinking well three and fifty
dollars a month you know it's for a
college kid it was $350 for like four
months for like the entire summer it was
super cheap in our first place that we
lived in it was like honestly super
cheap super cheap reason why able were
able to like get by right like in
college and working crappy jobs and the
cost of living is awesome so for what
we're paying here we can get another
bedroom more spacious a better place for
Noah and crawl around and filming in all
of our filming so right now like in our
room
it's like lights and tripods a mess
everywhere is a mess our kitchen is a
mess we didn't have places to put our
cereal it's crazy that we're still in
Utah
yeah I said like multiple times like oh
man
want to go back to look I'm like I'm
kind of sad to leave there's many things
I'm gonna miss that's all like yeah I
really am i coppola there's not a
Chipotle five minutes away Trader Joe's
and my cousin that lives next door yes
but she used to live like 12 hours away
so that will be an hour apart right and
there's a lot of family functions coming
up so we will service weddings and
things Hey trying to get Jen's brother
Matt to move to Logan coz he hasn't
decided where he's gonna live like we've
been pushing for him to live here and
now that we're growing like dude come
with us I'll be so fun I'll do what's
best I'm still keeping my fingers
crossed there yeah that's what's going
on and we don't know quite yet what day
we'll make it out there right it'll
probably be pretty soon we've been
spending time with Trent and Joanie they
have the cutest little girl and we want
to marry Noah yeah and we went out to
lunch with Ellie and Jared the other day
and Jackson and know I was so cute we're
gonna look for a place that's bright
I'm excited to be able to go to football
games again how many times have we told
people in our videos yo you've never
heard of a like you thumbs up like
subscribe I'm a terrible youtuber right
I don't even like being that board
saying I wanted to start YouTube I said
I don't want to say like our subscribe
but people to do that know what if they
like our videos there's a lot of things
that we don't even do well because we're
all about having fun and the fact that
we can like continue to do things and
support our family like this right now
is awesome they're so great and we're so
good so you guys I wish you guys could
spend 24 hours with Jen and see how
wonderful she is we love you guys and we
just my dad I just wanted to clean our
selves it wasn't the crap we didn't
really explain ourselves we kind of just
sprung it on everybody you know what
what did you know where we were coming
from and so everything happened
you knows where we'll be this next year
yeah I think it'll be a lot of fun you
guys will probably see a lot more of our
friends from college all the babies so
we're gonna have all those babies around
before you guys will see Day held a lot
that's my boy Dejan I was hanging out a
lot with aunt Erin that can say really
cool kid and we're just excited for all
the fun that's ahead
yeah so that one we're grateful for you
guys to support yeah thanks for support
thanks for being there thanks for being
nice doesn't need to learn more about
Twitter I'm sorry I'm so back to three
guys it's our money every night I got
like 20 favorites and like my tweets I
like cooking anyways guys that's what's
up and we'll see you guys tomorrow
hopefully we can find a sweet place to
live we're excited
on you you're everything that I see
y'all Joe hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion see I like a night
