yes regular you start peeing now that
I'm recording you this is this is Noah's
like real first time interacting with
wrigley because they've been asleep
and now it doesn't not a feel about it
are you smiling buddy look at that babe
I give me buddies gentle gentle that's
me the hardest thing cuz he's nothing no
it's playing the whole time there's been
many accidents many pooped no he has not
paid for like no like two half hours and
I just keep taking him outside to see if
you go pee and he won't so I'm like so
worried he's gonna decide to pee now
make me he's trying to play with Noah
and the remote this is like wait I want
the remote gentle break gentle rig guys
can I just say that mom mom Jen is the
mom wife everything of the year the best
she's open out while I add it real quick
like warmer tilt towards a some stuff
like what's up YouTube fam we are 24
hours into having the pup home and it
has been a rollercoaster just like you
might expect I know a lot of you guys
are probably saying I told you so Sam
and I never denied the fact that puppies
are crazy it is something that probably
I don't know we are crazy ourselves and
that's why it happened but we have loved
having them here it's been definitely up
and down there's been more good parts
than bad and so far him and Noah are
getting along well that's the most
important thing I was talking to Jen
this morning and I said I do not want
this dog to cause a divide and our
family so the first you know we could be
crazy last night he did not sleep a lot
at all and I took him out a lot and that
was expected hopefully night two goes
better and hopefully the following
nights after that as well I got like
semi emotional this morning
Jen and not because of the
responsibility of the puppy but more so
I just was like and I make the right
decision for Noah because he's my number
one and I want to spend time with him
and also obviously have the dog be a
part of that right now the dog takes a
lot of that time up so I felt bad this
morning I was like dang maybe this
wasn't the best decision and I'm being
open with you guys about that but so far
we feel like you know this is something
that we can definitely make work out
we're going to continue to evaluate
because we want to have a healthy
relationship with our family so we love
little Wrigley Jenna check them out oh
he's coming in right now are they gone
right now okay you're just bringing over
to meet his little puppy friends is he
yeah which is weird because he like
lived outside I think getting the puppy
was somewhat of a selfish decision which
is something that I feel bad about and I
really want to make it work so we're
gonna do our best to make this happen I
know the first couple days are crazy
we'll see how it goes we want him and
nobody get along which is hard I mean
Noah he's a good guy I love that kid no
it was a little rough but so is the pup
get it what bad joke I've come to
realize that puppies are super cute so
that you can tolerate their craziness
Jenna and I are gonna have to make a big
decision coming up in the following day
could be Monday could be Tuesday could
be Wednesday will tell you guys along
for it I think you guys might be
surprised it will definitely I don't
know it's a huge decision for our whole
family this whole week well filled of a
lot of things happening I can't explain
everything that I'm feeling today my
love for my family has definitely grown
it really has
you still sleepy been taking them out a
lot don't say anything to the family
knows that's pretty sleepy to Wrigley
excuse me
where'd you go hey rig I must say
there's a new alpha dog in town just
watching our vlog and Sam company being
alpha dog
you only get nervous and then you get
bubble guts like as a good that's what
that's what Austin calls it bubble guts
but like you get nervous bubble guts and
then it comes out the other
you get mad diary yeah like humans get
so he was just having that last night oh
good he had bubble guts slow but good
but he's been a lot better today
he really has yes he's been so good and
I can still be like semi local but
better than last night
so nothing's gonna get as bad as the
first night you never know this is when
we need GoPros we need to go pro on each
one of us know wha the pepper
I just think tonight would be better
because we have been crate training him
today so he's been in his crate like
multiple times today like took naps in
this create ate in his crate you know so
yeah we're trying to make it like I feel
a good place right the crate doesn't
need to be oh my god growing up now the
search Thank You noble heroes she would
run there but like it was also a good
place like she loved going in there and
sleep and rest but just like a good
place a good shelter so yeah I've been
reading so much lately so much just sand
was up on the outing things I'm sure
doing poopy version every man and then
every night midnight midnight Brinkley's
awake all night really though awake all
night at midnight all night from
midnight to 6 a.m. all night from their
night to 6 a.m. right place awake
we only had two accidents today though
to be honest the toughest thing I think
we can fight through the potty training
mm-hm our biggest concern how he reacts
with milk rice sometimes dogs don't get
along
no is our number one no we hope that
we'll have a good relationship we can't
be selfish like just because we think
could be awesome for Noah to have a
puppy
and like we want a puppy in a dog like
we can't yeah right you need to be smart
but he said something you might say well
then you guys shouldn't have gotten the
dog if that's even a possibility but you
have you don't know either you know you
don't know how things are gonna go and
like I've seen it go both ways
mm-hmm yeah these are the very plate
he's more a lot more playful today so he
was cutting you know like he's teething
so he wants to like play bite which
scares know a little bit yeah but no has
been super energy oh yeah today got one
super well yeah day by day day by day I
checked your family and if I had to rank
my children no it has my favorite son
with mommy doing the seven last night
he's hurting to get playful all right
when it's time to go to bed do we need a
place we can get tired who is that who
is that comment of the day when wrinkly
was in the tub Noah hey bro
it's cool I love it Rick you sure know
what I'm kind of scared Noah trust me
it's fine
this whole time
on you you're everything that I see
y'all Jo hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion and it's the
