all right everybody in your position
let's go and we'll answer entry info and
by 8 and 1 a 2 a 3 a 4 a 5 a 6 a 7 8
a.m. 1 into ready put your hands in DJ
put your hands in one two three team job
whoo game time whoo yeah gotta get fit
I've gotta get fit I think I've lost 5
pounds the best two weeks where's the
light
I'm on track now to lose a 20 28:25
mover yeah I gotta make the deads of
we're gonna make the dose of Disneyland
feed gotta get fit get our first family
workout kids went to kids club they have
awesome Kids Club in there for something
together yeah I mean they do babysitters
there baby
yeah and we had so much death oh my god
send in my room we can like work out
watch a movie and it's half the price of
our last gym yeah they had superhero
toys this was sad for like a minute but
then she stopped crying I tried to get
that's gender for me running and stuff
so she you guys could see how fast I run
how hard I work out how much weight I
lift but she forgot
I just forgot it I he told me at the
house we're just guys secret message on
Sam salad that's hey sambuca hey whoever
said that she said hi so funny and some
ranches look at how cool these little
kids boxes are grilled chicken cucumbers
and strawberries want a healthy
alternative salad to go okay so you guys
remember extinct I was an extra on the
episode of supposed to be epic episode 7
flew out for the premiere we were so
excited to watch the episode and I had a
feeling that I might bat make the cut
remember that day there was a lot of
extras that were there like trying to
make a living as an actor and so they
were more assertive than maybe me and
dejan as far as like trying to be in
front of the camera when they're editing
and stuff they pull and move a bunch of
clips just long story short I didn't
make the episode you can see des odd but
they did send me the clip of like me
that almost made the episode I gotta
work I'm gonna work in my acting I'm not
an actor
but they did send me a box that was
actually this thing is insane and they
gave me another one so I'm gonna give it
away just post in the comments here and
I'll randomly select someone with that
tool again and I'll send you this box
let me show you what's inside though
it's actually pretty cool I'm not like
getting paid to say this either the show
though 400 years after annihilation
humanity gets a second chance this is
the only thing I've seen so far it was
just so cool there's like a little one's
like a player in here like a DVD players
a little USB so let's talk about the
show and stuff so anyways that's amazing
watch the first eight episodes now on
the BYU TV app we were in the episode 7
well they hung that looks like that's
probably southern each eye but it kind
of looks like Arizona a little book
about everything she was actually she's
one of the voices of assassins in
Assassin's Creed food this is the food
they eat on the show there's samples
different things like that looks like
that looks like spices what is that
right there they also sent a canteen
this is actually really cool material
it's it's looks like a nice canteen
there's a light I feel bad like this is
so nicely packaged I feel bad ripping in
destroying it but wow a mag light an LED
when I was living in the Dominican
Republic electricity would go out every
other hour and we'd have nights we had
no power and I had a little LED light
like that and I would just point it
straight up to the ceiling and it would
light the whole room and everything it
was amazing let's do it up okay a little
charger I think that's for the screen
and movie thing we got what is this
flint and steel that's amazing
guessing this is a compass compass and
then it looks like there's two shirts
I'm guessing one for me and one for Jen
and then some background information
about the show I think this show is
doing well so it'd be cool if I was an
extra on season 2 and maybe I'll
actually make the cut this time whether
you like the show or not this is a
pretty cool box so post in the comments
and we
mail one of these to you because they
sent me to one for us and then one for
you guys
we're at a new park today we're gonna
play date with one of those soccer
friends
this park is really cool this crazy like
rope contract I don't even know what
that thing is and then they've got this
little one and I've got like a cool
swing over there
it's pretty cool don't you guys love
when like you're at home before you go
anywhere anyway hey Jeannie go potty
hey you haven't pooped awhile do me go
poop no no and then right when you go to
that place they're like I have to cop
and they're freaking out I just happened
to us and I've never been to this park
and I have like no to a poop home like
10 mins ago we found one it was nice
bathroom thank goodness but man that's
where that always happens know what a
typical potty no in the car at the place
I go potty okay where's the library I
don't know her at the books to her the
Harry Potter like section of the library
of books or is amazing look at this
look at this is the book sissy got she
got Peppa daddy got basketball and other
things it's about a car Malone and if
you swap places with the bear again
really cool really cool let me back to
my favorite area this Harry Potter
section is amazing you guys they have
the third book does anyone else collect
these I for Christmas I asked for like
the big box set it's like a huge box
like that but with like the older book
looking ones I didn't know that they had
these ones I will just ask Sam for these
ones oh they're so cool so I have a box
set and I collect big ones could you
just have to like they're amazing I
don't know if I should get an hour until
Christmas
I don't think if you know work Sam's not
gonna believe it but maybe feel
exactly what you just said you gonna be
surprised too
why can't you just let them do something
fun like you can actually drink this are
fun I hope your brother actually breaks
now no excess water basketball my gosh
she's bigger than that though yeah like
you guys how do I get this baby out
she's five days overdue look at this
five days overdue and they won't want
have any fun trick
one suckers fun suckers seriously think
it hears whispering conspiring out here
and we should just let him come out and
been like I know but we should just let
it be a part of it we sure like Sam you
can't trick same with anything I really
hope your water breaks now okay she's
met her induction is tomorrow at 3 a.m.
it's gonna be like three gallons of
water feels so empty I'll be great right
here oh my gosh oh my gosh gonna be a
chunker mom watch her foot I feel it
right here Oh mango Oh where's your
thing it's in your rip yeah it literally
oh I feel her in there I feel feels like
it's that big
it's be crazy and also know that
no one's lived in like any of the names
we had a cute name picked out we like
Kennedy but the boys don't like it it's
like this is almost okay do you see the
vault we said I can get this bulge on
camera hurt this bulge right here do you
see this
that is a foot you have no idea I won't
as a bolding foot right there so
lopsided oh my gosh this is insane look
at that foot right there that is just
crazy what would you say is awesome last
night I woke up in the night she was
like moving a lot and literally it was
like like a bump that's sticking out and
I'm like oh my gosh
it literally felt as though she had came
up and was now laying this dirty right
massage your back oh my gosh it's so
perfectly around in this camera right
now oh my gosh she stops on a pregnancy
belly no there is baby in there I feel
her oh my gosh this lump right here
though that's insane Monica thinking
they're gonna trick me I we were on baby
watch they actually have decided on a
name now I don't know if it's a name
that any of you guys recommend it I need
to run through the comments and ask them
to if that's the case I'm gonna let them
tell you what the name is and not myself
because I don't think it's posted
anywhere and I don't want to share that
information but these past couple of
days I feel so bad we got sillier
texting hey the baby here hey is the
baby here history that's like the worst
I've never been pregnant but I can't
imagine as you pass that due date and
you're waiting and then everyone's like
let me know let me know it's like bull
let you know let you know but we've
tried to be a distraction sometimes I
don't think we've been helpful hopefully
most of the time we have I think once
the baby's here we'll have like a
photoshooting maybe get some video for
them or something Ellie and Monica have
been so good to us since we moved here
like so selfless and just helping us and
it's been very very refreshing I asked
them who's gonna be here first the baby
or day on because daehan's flying out
he'll be here soon
we're super excited for them they're
really ready to be parents they're gonna
be amazing parents they're so good with
our kids and I've seen how they are with
their nieces and nephews anyway so hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog it has
been all over the place you guys are
awesome thanks for saying hi when we're
out in public even on the styie those
hilarious I know one time someone saw
Jenna at the grocery store I'm like PJ
was crying until they didn't go up and
say hi because they're letting Jen you
know deal with that and that's that's
awesome too when you guys are like that
cuz we're real life we're real people
things happen we'll see guys tomorrow
before the baby comes
