you
you
okay
arrow and the row here normally to pick
up tiny baby
we're talking about my brother
really
thank you
 any son to me a lot of work I'm
ready
Jen's going out tonight with friends
like she's driving farther
away so to be in the hub just me in the
pub tonight and I'll basically be taking
them out all night right and I can't
wait
I mean he's gonna be here and there but
that's part of that's part of a puppy so
we're really gonna try and see what we
can do tonight how many tents
yeah I'll be taking about all night I
think he's asleep a lot though - my legs
out let's just come over the toilet
judge him to be in the toy
you
see any woman want to come with me show
you thing my little Bobby
Chitti lasting so break in another lady
ready looks kind of sad
we're good boys got your heart changed
gonna love you buddy
I never yeah it's cold outside
yeah yeah it's your puffy no I just woke
up
and I'm not getting well I'm going to
that's alright with me
I can't see what I'm recording but look
at these tires
this little guy is pricking up now ah
Wrigley yeah oh you get a little more
playful so sweet we love you already
we love you welcome to the family
there's lots of people who already love
you
dealer dogs I like huh there's new
Ponton we're giving him a little bath
Denise he's not a big fan of it which I
mean he's so obedient already just kind
of for a while he was like oh I think I
want to get out for a now he's letting
us feed them it was pretty excited about
it too
Oh
be nice you know it's so sad when you
first get a puppy so you have to take
them away from their their family and I
can tell little Wrigley here misses his
family already and I'm just trying to
I've literally been cuddling them all
like all night because I know ones like
cuddling them he kind of gets sad give
me a rough night it's like having a baby
over again but uh I'm just trying to get
him comfortable here at home and mama
den and Noah are out with friends it's
been a crazy day for them but this guy
he's kind of sad it's kind of sad so I'm
just doing everything I can to make him
feel like home and I know after a day or
two he'll definitely feel like this is
home probably fall asleep with me area
right here little does he know he
already has a family that loves him so
much 8:01 be at the Harry Glee this guy
won't leave my side and I'm totally fine
with that cuddling him up up all night I
keep taking him out every like 20 15 20
minutes just so he can get used to going
outside and it's snowing so every time
we go outside after about a couple
minutes he's like done wants shelter
buddy I know it's hard it's hard for
dogs to make that transition into their
home for the first time and poor little
guy needs all the love that he can get
today mom's home
so Jen went out tonight with friends she
went over an hour and a half away you've
been in the car a lot today
no I'm poor guy he hardly crawled today
and she forgot the camera so she didn't
get much there we were like rushing the
a you out after with the bath and
everything and I've been hanging out
with Wrigley tonight I did a 30-minute
live you now with some of you people the
cool part though is like as soon as we
brought him home and we put him on the
grass like to the bathroom he just
started following me around like I was
walking around with Noah and he just
like followed me everywhere yeah I take
you out yeah you want to say hi to him
let's see the middle name he does not
have a moving nominee so it's like going
live just talking webcam there's chat
all sorts of things and I did that
tonight I think he's grown attached to
me already every time I take him outside
all he wants to do is he run to my feet
so I can pick him up he's like seriously
almost like a baby like now I mean just
like a toddler yes he's trying to get
used to you know just being in a house
and all of you guys I have dogs or
puppies can relate to that with puppies
that you've had before and he's been a
good guy so far but he's been really
scared at certain things like I turned
the TV on turn the TV on he was like he
saw someone on it and heard a man's
voice you so scared and every time I
open up the door kind of like creaks a
little bit and he's like and just like
little noises yeah it still reactive
used to just being outside yeah he's
just he's still outdoors his little
puppy siblings and parents there's
probably people that are against taking
puppies away from their parents but I
mean most dogs it's pretty common you
know they come to live with your family
and then you love them and they love you
back and our cousin Shawn went to like
pet him and he was kind of like scared
and I was like whoa what the heck
and they like ran over to me cuz like
I'm am alpha dog I'm alpha dog I'm his
new alpha dog now he he likes you he
really is I think he's also sleepy and
like any interesting I was trying to get
things done like I just wanted to get
some things done and all I wanted to do
is cuddle every time I even move to my
hand or anything you can I wake up and
be like dad come back alpha dog alpha
dog so now I'm stepping in to cuddle so
dad can get some work done
yeah rig you so it's so sweet that I'm
so tired right now
look at him brother he's it puppy sleep
a lot I can barely keep that eye open
they're just like babies I know he's so
tired
sleep eat p.m. poo he's so tired right
and tomorrow Noah can really get to know
him better they kind of put it around in
the car a little bit and then Noah
helped give him a bath now it was like
loving that
no you're so happy about it right now
we're gonna let a little Wrigley get
some rest and then we'll check in with
them later see guys I'm tired I'll be
back don't worry I'm here for the
Famicom I'm here to hang out with you
guys I think Greg Lee has found his
favorite person hey guys it's been a
busy busy 24 hours and I'm happy that I
was able to get this edited and posted
for you guys I need to get back into my
editing at night and that's what I'm
gonna do tonight when I know one the
puppy's asleep today doing oh my gosh
next Sunday we're gonna have another
shout out for shout out like doing
shoutouts on Sunday I didn't have any
time really to go in-depth and watch
some you guys's videos this week so I
just wanted to give my sister a shout
out really quick she did a really cool
thing she's been working really hard on
this project yarn bombing a playground
in New York City and she and her friends
they all put on these little like you
know playful masks like they're burglars
yeah and they went here and bumped it
Burger burglar wait the Hamburglar
Hamburglar
and then when you're about the
playground and I know she put a lot of
time into it and so if you guys want to
go check it out that'd be awesome
you can go watch it she post a lot of
fun videos with their kids I know I
mentioned like in the future I don't
want to just shout out you know like
family members and people already know
but I just I didn't have time to really
look for anything today and I'm just
trying to get this up because managing
about being a baby like me still doing
it you it's it's intense I'll go more
into that tomorrow but it's acute
intensity so go check out our video well
plenty of footage Noah's been hanging
out with the pups today and I'm setting
this real quick and posting it for you
guys so we love you guys thanks so much
for being there for us and we'll see you
tomorrow
hey hey up some fun
on you you're everything that I see
y'all Johar love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion
it's the love you guys
