Vanessa shake our left a voice message
for you last night Shaytards Sam a
jeddak are taller though and better
looking so I guess I understand this is
shay carl butler by the way back it
sounded pretty upset about that Vanessa
the white ranger and gold Ranger get it
you're gonna clap some more music trying
to clap over there cuz he's so excited
to be on the dog bed oh oh oh please
plant good morning uptown funk you
up uptown funk you up that song someone
was singing on American Idol and he was
like I decided to me to him he was like
China clap and it was so funny if
anything the rhythm sup YouTube fam
today I am eating Chipotle because
sometimes you don't know when you'll
ever eat Chipotle again because we might
be moving
guys I think is the biggest chipotle
burrito I've ever gotten it is so huge
and long it's huge do you like to pull a
mm-hmm dirty bean face pretty soon I'll
have a little puppy out here with Noah
running around and try to get into
everything I just remembered like 10
minutes ago that this kid is now eight
months old today he's a month old babe a
month old he's almost been out as long
as he's been in see this this was the
fastest 8 in 9 months like when he was
in longest eight nine months of my life
I was just laying on this couch like a
beached whale just saying come out
trying everything I could to get him out
eating pineapple running on treadmill
going on the elliptical oh my goodness
you're gonna hurt yourself and now look
at him he's almost no he is a month old
today and crawls and stands up
everywhere he doesn't need help to stand
up you like stand-up on the Wallach you
just saw hey know what you know how do
you feel about baking my silks hey hey
how do you feel about being a month old
hmm well today we are headed to hang out
with friends get the little
eight-month-old here i also have a very
important wager today me and Danny
Duncan did agree on Twitter that well
our teams are playing tonight in hockey
the Blackhawks and tampa bay lightning
and whoever loses has to post a photo on
instagram with a shirt that they bought
of the other person's favorite team and
basically say I mean when Danny loses he
would say I love Patrick Kane in the
blackhawks that's basically what's going
to happen so I need the blackhawks to
win tonight because I mean I don't want
to buy another team's gear and say that
I like them besides
my boys will pull through for me I know
they will 12 seconds later the Black
Hawks lost and Danny uh I couldn't even
talk smack tonight because they lost 420
420 he had his ways with me on Twitter I
was like ready for somebody come back
just waiting for my guys to score and
nothing so I have to buy a bolt shirt
post a picture on Instagram here's my
warning right now guys if you see if I
sure me on instagram i'm wearing a bolt
shirt saying go lightning or something
like that I don't mean it but I think
this is just the beginning of many
wagers because I'm gonna have to get him
back I'm officially rooting for a
Blackhawks lightning Stanley Cup final
so if you are up and watching this and
within the first 301 views you are up
way too late go to bed I wanted to
upload a vlog for you guys from
yesterday I cut out a lot of footage
just because I wanted to get this up as
soon as possible sneak preview do you
guys want sneak preview into what you're
gonna find tomorrow should I give you
guys a sneak preview cuz we're gonna go
pick up our little friend and he might
already be here is he ready here jen is
here to here is he ready here oh you
might already be here so you guys will
just have to stay tuned for that that's
happening tomorrow I just wanted to get
something up for today I put a lot of
time into fixing the birth flogged I
can't get over this guy right now oh
what's that might be a long night for us
but that's just a look into the future
you guys will see that tomorrow we love
you guys we'll see you then peace so
just one fun going home
eyes on you do everything that I see our
johar love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you you're everything that I
need I want your heart love any motion
it's the hi everybody I'm Langley and
I'm in love with chipotle it's my life
