spoiler alert our baby is here and he's
8 months old now the moment that I'm
recording this I'm posting the birth log
again because the original one had one
track in it they got muted but the whole
video got meted because of it yeah crazy
so I redid it changed some things and
I'm posting it right now there's my
magenta do we look different enjoy the
best day of our lives
RJ hey he's got here supposedly every
time you do it it's just taking a step
closer is here
when did he get super blue Oh yours even
either they are hidden oh yes I will go
around and show all the homes ya know
I'm right you think you can fill a baby
I think I fell in the baby for the first
time
one thing about to begin seriously yeah
what does it feel like it's like a no I
think it's looking a little bit bare
hand right where - whoa did you feel
that yeah what was that that's maybe
though I I think I just don't first baby
little bit oh my gosh keeping an egg is
freaking me out
yeah he felt that yeah I might cry even
answer that he's breakdancing in there
and now seriously the basketball gender
test
I'm making it's gonna be a boy I miss it
the girl
yeah it's gonna be a boy it's gonna be a
boy can you tell what is it hi ain't it
Shane is a girl we're yeah yeah everyone
oh my gosh oh that's so no one can
believe that I'm the only person that
that is a boy we have more names you
know hopefully those are athlete's feet
I'm shocked I'm seriously shocked look
sensor definitely I'm in shock
our family is not going to idea no idea
no idea I'm so excited
oh my god
ba uh-oh bad road today is one of those
surreal days it's like everything else
that's happening in the world and
everywhere else like doesn't even matter
because all we can think about is how
excited we are to know that we're having
a little baby boy take care of that
little boy it's like so real now I'm so
excited I was think about like the camp
outs and the fishing and playing
basketball and going to sports event I'm
not even the parent yet I mean I'm kinda
cuz like the he's alive
but it's just so crazy to think about it
I'm so excited can't wait for this like
next stage of my life to be in it's
gonna be crazy it's gonna be hard at
times but I can tell it to me worth it
about finish minutes apart right now I
lost the rest of something and now it's
going quickly looks like this guy's
gonna be joining us in the next 24 hours
SATA 727 sound for birthday I mean a
stick six thirty seven six twenty seven
fourteen it's probably gonna be the two
times seven equals 14 I don't know how
do we incorporate the six though uh I
love you I love you too gonna cry
already he's holding them back the
contractions are good a big time we're
heading to the hospital my contractions
are about five minutes apart now I have
like a really big one every 10 minutes
and then I have like another one in
between that but it's not as bad
when the hospital see what happens
hopefully they keep us you know when
you're in labor that's for sure
you do you are you're not you'll know
you'll definitely know are you in labor
we're gonna have us all as a barber
let's do this let's do it let's kill
before have another contraction
I'm almost already K baby ready for this
ready you ready to have a baby I'm ready
you're really calm right now I feel
really calm which is which is really
good
I'm feeling really cool let's do it you
feeling cold yeah that's yeah yeah I
feel good
I just missed the hilarious moment we
did the buzz and Emily's like how can I
help you just like hi I'm in labor
oh I don't think it was on this what's
doing
oh my cast he's really low like so we're
in the room something is what we're
saying I think this might be it it's
kind of dark in here right now but we're
in here and I think this is worth we're
gonna have a baby what am i doing okay
how to get my coaching Reynaud should
write like a clipboard in the little
marker so I could draw plays up but oh
man this is crazy
a quick update we're not moving quite
yet we might actually go home depending
on if things progress
but jen has progressed since she was in
the doctor yesterday or Wednesday so
it's we're getting there we're getting
there that baby is coming sooner than
later
you don't want to do it naturally like
food so you are pitiful a nursing is
only look so cute when these Hospital
get-ups thank you my favorite ice chips
about you boys
oh really she brought me this just in
case a dream friend she's not allowed to
eat anymore
so pebble ice no I don't agree better
than pebble dodging obstacles you're the
prettiest person that I've ever seen
that's about to eat birth it seriously
what places ours I know but my goodness
Jenica is taking it like a champ she
just had her IV though the lady the
nurse had to poke it in twice like the
first time did it work so they did go
get another needle and I was like ah
2:30 almost 3:00 a.m. we're here at the
hospital and we're here to stay the
night it's in the morning I just can't
believe tonight's the night this morning
that's happening he's coming so here we
go this is really happening
thank you just keep Jenna bracelet which
means she ain't leavin she having that
baby here you got your IV wait she try
to get this thing but kept rolling so
she had to go it to a different Lane
yeah her so this is where a little man
will be boring he would come out rage
here make his way and I'm guessing do
they put him here next get him all
cleaned off you know maybe later he'll
be carted around right here actually as
soon as he comes out hook oh wait let's
really get so hooking up right here then
make his way up right here yes no
gimmick is a nice gooey slimy kiss I
only have a tremendous amount of respect
for women let's go right here I already
achieved more in your life than I have
just need matter of hours and minutes
you're amazing every contraction that's
what hurts the worst
Doudna video hey everytime jen has a
contraction she says little man is just
like moving a ton does
oh no he stopped as an attraction Tovar
little man don't like those contractions
he's like get me out of here are you
gonna eat after birth after hear birth
like you're being born like what are the
options pizza salad cheeseburgers ideas
Wow there's desserts we just don't buy
cookies or sweet oh I can get a
snickerdoodle ticky can you get je vais
seriously
my name is only get discharged hey
strawberry shortcake
you love strawberry shortcake I lost my
girl cookie as well we just don't buy
cookies you're sweet I must say the food
here is John's quite delicious yeah this
is get a grilled turkey Pro bonus damage
okay predictions hair or no hair uh some
hair oh I'm gonna say some hair is well
not bald
what other things how much do you think
away I have no idea at least seven make
seven seven times I don't know wait how
was that I'm gonna go with a 7 10 how
big will be I mean it just 20
and let's say 20 and a half your arms
getting cold they're pumping in the
extra fluid what's going hmm so you're
gonna get your epidural right now yeah I
feel like I could last longer but it's
late so we should probably sleep you
don't have to be tough
mommy into sleep because I'm really
tired
yeah it's 3:25 and it'd be good to get
you know a little bit of sleep in before
we push this baby out
I say we like I'm maybe a sink too
though cuz you're new wait just as long
as me I think it's gonna be emotionally
exhausting yeah I'm good so Jen just got
her epidural and I was watching him put
it in that was fine
like totally cool I'm back over to the
side bye Jen to like help comfort her I
started to feel super dizzy and almost
fainted I did sit down and put my legs
between my knees because I was like my
head to to my knees cause is like whoa
I'm gonna feeling a little funny
they've got me worried for a second
because I thought he was gonna be sick
I'm the wuss I'm the chicken gentleman
that's fighting through this and just
like taking it like a champ so can I go
out feeling funny my legs feel so weird
my legs my butt no it's a 4:15 a.m. and
I almost fainted good times
like it's so late and you probably eat
that's true we're gonna try and take a
nap for a couple hours we'll see it's a
5 a.m. so if you can get her nap how you
feelin Jen thumbs up for rock and roll
I'm not gonna faint
love-30 other little gray outside okay
well a gray kind of an interesting
choice for the color of powerhead they
have at the hospital for punch red how
you feeling
just got my water broken although they
said it kind of broke on its own already
which was good but feeling some
contractions so I had to do a little
pumper you're loving the apple juice
which is a sign because you love that
during a pregnancy and let that was
easier it's about 8:00 a.m. probably got
like an hour or so of sleep I don't know
I don't even want to think about it cuz
it felt like more I almost feel like I
slept through the whole night I'm
feeling good and I feel like there's a
lot of prayers and blessings coming out
right right now okay we're gonna rest it
to you as much as we can yep I'm gonna
hit the light and we'll keep resting and
keep waiting the leader said hopefully
something new come on start pushing is
that a tenant about pretty much that is
about to go down
me too I'm I don't know if I'll be able
to say much yeah I just have to keep the
camera rolling and capture that because
plenty ready Luther there this would be
great little jittery
we've been waiting a long time so many
emotions yeah I need this guy I look
lovely great you've been great
Ethan great it's been a lot tougher than
I am the past jars are just been like no
we both couldn't sleep husband once
month so great the last five centimeters
and time someone's come in and there
like people keep coming in one lady
brought in and Genpact out a hat and she
picked it out based on his name we got
it because of his name and because my
mom made a blanket that's in these
colors I like the first time use of that
you know sir right yeah there you do it
hey to be a dad thinks are you ready to
be a mom
yep well now there's not go back he's
coming
let's see how its heartbeats turn good
they just set this up other stuff that
is artbeat or is that yours at is that
be too fast or asleep right now look at
all little guys asleep right now they're
gonna have to wake a mom oh my but yeah
when he's asleep it's a hundred thirty
two beats per minute yeah these are
fairly general my emotions right now
I'm just crying what about no it's not
just that that's way that this is
actually I don't connect turn expecting
he push it freely two more hours
well I mean we're expecting right on the
side though initially initially she was
right on the yeah she really was first
nurse who's an excerpt d2 progressed so
far trying to like money from her cell
because I wasn't likely prepared for
that
okay one two three four five six seven
eight nine and ten
great lot of those artists yeah it is Oh
oh yeah you both are two three four five
six seven eight two three four good good
ten Oh relax
he's got here supposedly mmm your hair
okay what kind of thought he'd look more
stark ethnic like me every time we do it
it's just taking a step closer so proud
of you Jen you know you can do it got it
ready let's do this let's do this you
got the same six seven so good 9 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8
he's coming Jane we got this we got this
girl we got this I don't know I was
almost here so oh I need to push oh
you're doing so good Jenna this is the
last stretch remember like it's all
happenin know what's happening you got
it do it don't you got it he's coming
they're getting everything ready
Oh ready okay
oh he's so cute
oh he's so cute he's a how it Jen sighs
you did it you did it you did it Jen I'm
so cute you sure there yeah right there
it's here yeah and you did it did it
discreetly I can tell
it's a big sea how many how many
eyebrows how many fingers is yeah these
are five lookie you thought it wouldn't
end and then BAM you had it just like
that
yeah dude even move in this whole time
oh my gosh nine pounds one happens
people told us that he wouldn't be like
9 pounds 1 ounce oh yeah dude you're
good guy
cuter stud 9c 8 and a half I think so
hey doesn't know I have a middle name
Noah gray and we do over there that's
good look at you
9 pounds 22 inches long so cute it's
really cute was Artie he's here made it
and people thought that we would have a
small baby you're so cute flower turn to
look at me so good I'm just gonna do it
footprint stretch those legs but you've
been inside for so long I can stretch
you can stretch out although you've been
hitting your mom
two years so it's got a little pouty lip
going right now Jen it's okay mom we'll
be right back
so Pam you happy birthday happy birthday
this is the best day of my life okay
oh go away that's great
oh man it doesn't matter just one of us
in nsy buddy hello kitty yourself every
ounce of that boy now you can open up
your eyes huh
now you like opening them up now that
the light's gone I'm tired I bet yeah
yeah yeah you deserve a good rest and so
much thank you for your dad a baby yeah
this office here we have a lot of fire
weight kneeled down a little bit so I
can see ya oh that face is so oh yeah
you'd open his mouth he's looking for
something to second yeah baby here we go
which one it's hard to tell Hey
one kind of figure uses lips yes no
she's a little swollen so it's going to
take a day probably with he definitely
has your little scale between your
eyebrows I think oh hey what are you
doing look at you you're so cute oh
happy birthday little man oh man
I love this guy so much friend did it I
don't know how she did it but she did it
9 pounds 1 ounce I pushed that thing out
of me oh this guy oh honey here's my
bottom lip though oh dude you just want
some milk don't you welcome to the world
Noah gray Anderson burrito baby you look
beautiful
how do you feel now it's like over you
did it meline it was insane he's a big
baby
right oh you're so puffy and tired I'm
proud of you baby hard it's really hard
you're upside it hurt really bad Jenna
get a moment said like all right rest
she's like no I got a push
well it hurts so bad I didn't push and
then it hurt so bad to push was not fun
I'm glad he's out that's so cute huh
good idea
chase
you just don't want to sleep look at
he's got he's got my ears it's crazy
the only thing Jen wanted in this baby
was for him to have my ears and he got
him gonna sleep in order to stay up all
night like me oh it's you
bless you think that's your second
sneeze of your whole life I'm so puffy
gosh you're really not my eyes my eyes
are pushing out a 9-pound baby is no
joke you just ran home to get some grub
to your shower get some food for Jen I
haven't slept in like 24 hours so birth
it my little family back here getting
some rest
oh he's perfect
ah stretching stretching bud
okay got some different little bigger
such good dad already I'm proud of this
guy yeah
faint pass out you let me DRAM my head
into his head huh
I mean yeah I came a kiss I don't give
him on either yet kisses give him
another kiss oh wow I love you why don't
we have a baby he's coming home with us
you know he's like I know that voice you
recognize my voice and I was behind you
in Spanish look at a mine you love you
look good on you yes so eyeing you right
now he's like oh hey buddy is I
recognize those voices to be the same
here's mean you oh I love it
what was it like inside of your mommy's
all dad is that you
dad don't look at me like that dad
you're so weird it's me bud
that's me hey Noah how does it feel to
be only a couple hours old today's your
birthday what do you want to do to
celebrate true get some shave ice flamin
hot cheetos we're gonna go shoot some
hoops I may just take a nap
today was truly the first day of the
rest of our lives and I think I'm
finally tired because it's been like two
days mm-hmm we're gonna sleep good
tonight well I'll be I'll be up enough
slipped and I hit look at him
you just had his first boobs and it was
like tar it was like silly putty and
he's just like sitting there just like
this just chillin just chillin we're
cleaning it out and he's just like which
I understand deep current parents that's
normal but to me I was like laughing so
hard kid kid coming out why were
changing everything's just in the most
innocent well just chilling yeah
say good night Noah join the world today
yep how would you rate today Oh like
there's no way to rate it it was amazing
best a really painful but amazing best
day of your life
oh yeah even through all the pain yeah
oh yeah I would do the end for him was
it worth it oh yeah it was painful but
it was worth it look at him I mean
goodness gracious I apologize in advance
for some Oh screaming in the video I
just think my epidural kind of ran out
on me towards and their Jen was the
champion of the day she was absolutely
amazing I like had some points was like
oh my goodness I just can't believe what
you're doing but this this is why it's
worth it right here look at this body
came out of me just like this Jen was
doing the elliptical super fast the
other day oh you
this you're gonna hurt yourself with
this little body inside crazy there he
is
Noah great Anderson nine pounds maybe
two ounces now no I think actually was
my Slater
nine pounds one ounce 22 inches long
born on June 27 2014 at 127 in the
Africa welcome to our family little guy
not too little but we've so much we love
you so much love to the family community
loves you guys too maybe that big I'll
leave this me on a little bit oh okay
we're gonna wrap him back up you love
you Noah and we love you guys too thanks
for being a part of today today who was
the best day of our lives and then next
one comes will be another best day of
our lives we have more than one best day
for sure I'm a firm believer in multiple
best days of your lives today was one of
those we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace
