do you see blue and black or white and
gold because that has been the huge
internet debate today Oh what I'm in a
reaction he's like the first one a
little bit he wants more
you
guys we finally got a baby gate I'm so
happy because this kid loves climbing
and playing like the furnace that's the
furnace right there there's a flame
right in there and he loves playing here
and it freaks me out so I'm really glad
but he's kind of upset because now he
can't run into the bathroom wherever he
wants and run up to the furnace whenever
he wants makes my life a lot easier
because I know exactly where he is I
have to be chasing him constantly
exactly is a mover and shaker he's on
the move now I just gonna get something
for a fireplace they have the chairs
here which all right it's really nice
it's distracted him this morning he's
going to try so hard to be able get over
this thing I also feel like Noah's way
more himself today that he's been its
entire week he's been sick for a full
week now he's finally on one center hot
buddy you're coughing a little bit I
didn't actually believe the reports when
I said it would snow I feel like this is
like the third time it snowed all year
all winter you can't even see it you
can't see it but it's snowing right now
well I thought winter was gone you guys
I thought we were legit now humming
winter I mean I guarantee that none of
this was steak but still Bobby look how
pretty the snow is why my puppies okay
he's okay can't wait to get home what's
up YouTube fam it has been a very busy
morning today the busiest say Thursday
and act like Jen Thursday Marie up you
turn or thursday so the treadmill is
gone I no longer i'm an owner of a
treadmill the reason being is because I
me or may not have sold it to someone it
just wasn't gonna work out in our place
too small not enough room for that plus
we would drive our neighbors insane if
we use that super cool treadmill though
so I'm kind of bummed about that but I
do what you got to do so I've been
working on that cleaning everything up
this morning and just thinking about our
future our future what does our future
even include you guys might get couple
surprises are these next couple days but
really the future the next coming days
and weeks we got a lot of big decisions
to make there's a lot of different
random opportunity
that are presenting before us that we
want to include you guys in on can't
quite yet but my hair says it all really
crazy my mind still is wrapping around
my things I said today on Twitter there
are some days in your life where you
realize that your wife is being
micromanaged by a higher being at least
I believe in a higher being lately
that's all of that has been happening
and you know sometimes you look back at
your life and you realize holy cow
likely these different sequence of
events and the way things happened
sometimes you realize it in the moment
and it's crazy anyways I'm gonna get
some here by Monday so cool though today
is the first day were actually feels
like winter outside what I was gonna say
was in my culture growing up yes I
consider it my culture because it's just
some patrician thing my family group
like we grew up with my dad and grandma
and everyone like we grew up drinking
Mattei it's like a herbal tea I like
literally my mom said that she would put
it in our milk so I've literally been
drinking this since I was born and I
haven't had it in a while and I it's
usually the best in my dad and mom make
it just because it's so much better when
someone else makes for you anyway we
just got a new kind of try cuz there's a
whole bunch of unflavored you can get it
I used to just drink traditional not day
but we got this chai spiced one smells
like Christmas and I put some honey in
it and it's like storming out and it's
just so cozy day huh Bobby it's a cozy
day he was jealous that I was drinking
something and he was not so I gave him
some milk he's just lounging across me
on the pillow I love him one day this
will be my future one day this will be
my future no definitely not no will be
older though but one day I'll have a car
seat and to be seen with you yeah this
is a logical future it's kind of weird
though pushing in a more I look at the
game doing this is funny you say oh do
the baby got dairy yeah okay exact there
okay look hang it on we're here to get
dog food and Dom bed and stuff like that
no I does have the chill apparently no I
you want to try this
no I try it tell me you got enough he's
too intrigued Oh what I'm in a reaction
he's like the first one a little bit he
wants more he likes it I thought he was
in his to flower I think it's too sour
it was really turns you have to know
yeah I know who he likes you and 30 30
t-thank you know three birds right there
oh my gosh whoa what the bridge in
Glasgow it just happened around haha get
into the dog food yeah hey you know uh
he's in the lowes he fellows cheerio on
the ground looky yeah oh he's too
enthralled with Jesse contains glasses
this been at costco was the same price
as this tiny bread no cheaper than this
bed right here from target it's for
little Wrigley is his name in Wrigley
have we decided I guess we'll decided
once we get in shout out to Jessica take
Oh hates us oh my gosh you're too big
for him he's like as soon as I was
putting him on his face at all he's like
oh so this is off oh and there we go to
tumbling down get back on there Noah
let's do smooth chillin baby mucci I
want our puppy now chillin guy stuff let
the puppies bed Noah and you can sleep
there with him if you want Whammer it's
me
you ready for bed tonight yeah joining
at your puppy this weekend you excited
you wanna show everyone your puppy pjs
look at those I'm feels kind of cool got
your little puppies Scott yellow blue
collar I say goodnight everyone bueno
Tomica te quiero mucho so Noah eat tengo
tengo sueno then I know what we hope you
sleep well tonight healthy dinner Matt
hey who we're talking to jen's favorite
piece from right okay everyone and Bob
zoo to this is by far the coolest part
of the internet we know each other
before we never met then we meet at
playlist live hit off best friends
talking on skype it's awesome Noah's
besties Liam you guys remember the kid
that went up snuck up and gave him a
kiss and no I tried to claw his face
yeah that's their kid he's the cutest
little thing ever yes they're two
Swedish so you guys got to go check him
out there awesome you guys are the newer
sages we just did our blog little clip
and we were just saying how out of all
people with that we met honestly like
you were just so blown away by your just
your authenticity and your genuine
genuine this and what's your paypal
account Ian so I can send you the
details later are you guys are so sweet
yeah oh so what you like oh that's
awesome it's definitely one of the
coolest parts of of these events like
making friends like this and then we can
still talk touch yeah yeah we were
joking that like Liam and Noah someday
we'll skype with each other cuz they're
the same age there's same grades awesome
he's gonna you guys gonna go to like
VidCon or blog repair or anything I said
he fell yeah we want to get it boy all
right are you using this better be at
one of those he'll be so fun to see how
they've like changed too I know it'll be
one they're probably maybe both of them
will be walking maybe yeah oh my gosh
that's cool so guys go check him out
great
link in the description they're awesome
say hi from the fame ago do you know
that a dress picture that's been
servicing on the internet I've looked at
it multiple times now Jen what do you
see now ready I see blue and black I see
white and gold yeah I've seen it at
different colors today and I feel like
my mind's playing tricks on me it's blue
and black white and gold now green red
it's creepy red unless you live under a
rock or don't have twitter or just don't
follow the stupid crazy internet trends
tonight everyone has been talking about
the dress I'm going to show you a
picture right here I want you guys to
say what color this dress is okay post
in the comments right now let me give
you don't you know don't push people or
persuade i'm gonna give you as a couple
seconds to post what color you think it
is that you can even pause me if you
want for a second okay we're back do you
see blue and black or white and gold
because that has been the huge internet
debate today I just started watching a
show called brain games or mind games or
something that's on netflix and this is
obviously to me kind of like one of
those mind games things that you can see
different colors I've seen both actually
Jen's only seen blue and black I think
the verdict is that it's blue and black
because people found the actual dress
and blue and black but I want to know
what you guys see cuz it's driving
people crazy today crazy bloom bike
don't know as you saw we also just got
done skipper with a from Justin I love
them I can't express how much i love
that those people that family you guys
should really I know I already said it
but just go watch them because I love
them and they become really good friends
and just appreciate them I've also kind
of made this dog bed my home I was
thinking about it like they need they
need dog beds for people and then I
realized they have those like being
bagged and lovesac things but this is
just way better it's smaller it's kind
of like nice and cozy and I could sleep
here I'm gonna sleep here tonight sup
peeps yesterday was a crazy get to work
get things done day I almost have the
birth flogged completely fixed and
edited
so I'm going to re-upload that hopefully
probably late tonight so you guys can
watch it tomorrow morning but let's do
commented a real quick Vanessa said when
you start to look forward to samick of
vlogs instead of Shaytards what an odd
feeling I told her that I would tell
shay and I'm a man of my word so here we
go hey Shay I'm doing comment of the day
right now and Vanessa says that she's
looking forward to sanika vlogs more
than Shaytards bollocks these days the
world needs to know how do you feel
about that did it the that was on
heytell so it might take shay I while to
respond I will let you guys know what he
says especially you Vanessa tomorrow go
check out April and Justin what color is
the dress it's only been discussed a
million times bloom black no no no no
and yeah we know when we're gonna get
the puppy it's official will tell you
guys tomorrow tell me you then birth
sometime
on you do everything that I see our
Johar love emotion endlessly I can't get
over you you're everything that I need I
want your heart love any motion it's the
beep let me tell you bout my best friend
