okay but lucky daddy are you freaking
kidding me
you guys wanna see how fast kids pick up
on things Noah has he's not gonna do it
now of course cuz I the camera out but
he grabbed a diaper out he grabbed the
wipes and he's literally trying to stand
up and walk away with both of them cuz
he knows well when you got the diaper
most the time you gotta have the whites
too cuz all the poopy diapers it was so
funny he was seriously standing here
trying he had the diaper in one hand
he's like trying to pick these up but
they're just way too heavy for him whose
bum you're gonna change hey whose bunny
you're gonna change you trying to tell
me you have a poopy bum is that what
you're saying give a poopy bump it is a
monumentous occasion that is about to
occur see really don't think it's very
monumentous yet but I think it's very
very monumental because this kid is
getting his dry Schrute bangs cut today
I'm sad I know but there's only like
five of them Jordan actually went to
Harry school and his hair which makes me
very happy because now she can just come
here buddy
Sam find him a toy get in his little
giraffe and maybe the hair by his ears
need to be trimmed a little bit kind of
long and holding though Kizzy
hi girlie hi sweetheart
no I know are you excited are you just
trying to hold on to them so you feel
like you
there they go oh you moved Hey okay
buddy
lucky daddy he doesn't really have a
specific part it just grows for me yeah
I wish he had a part make it easier
right GT you're no longer do I true
let's see yeah there's a few regulars Oh
can they see it really quick just really
quick can see Mike falls balding right
here he cut his own hair and you just
but just growing a mushroom cut all
right mama look at them still good I can
see your face now guys I can't handle
the new hair look at me look so grown up
maybe that face hi buddy you have no
more dwight shrute hair it's all gone
it's seriously his favorite toy is a
remote control you give him a remote he
will occupy himself for like over an
hour no joke he loves him so much
you know what to chew on them he clicks
the buttons he now knows that it works
the TV and he will click the power
button and
Madonn he was just f forwarding a
channel he also knows randomly that
diapers go with wipes because he's been
seeing me carry around the wipes with
diapers he grabbed them both today it's
really funny
okay I got my room Oh goodbye hey I love
you no uh no uh
I think he knows it control Stevie he's
pushing fast-forward and rewind and no
one to ring the buttons right now we
just take a battery out but I don't feel
like it
we're going on a trip in our favorite
rocket ship hey you little remote
control man
you need to I know it's very
uncomfortable crawling on hands knees
no wonder babies like to stand and try
walking strong it a baby is to you like
there yeah actually kind of strong do
you know that upper body stuff and yeah
other that's still freaking 20 pounds
muscle little chocolate crack this is
know a second favorite toy seriously
laptops tries to type like literally
tries to tighter
he's a hold about typing good bowtie
collar accessory
we used but Noah's on him because know
what his neck is always too big to wear
them got a collar notice currently
eating it got to leash imagine gluten
college or something cousin get a
different idea there how's it taste
this is like the catering version of dog
bowls you put a little flame underneath
and just let them a little scrumptious
meal we've gotten all blue stuff
peekaboo
I know what I've done here hi mmm is
easy to crisscross in there peekaboo his
legs come up for here babe somebody's
excited about the pet bed
face
can't wait to see his puppy smolder this
is what making babies do at night no
basically gives us courteous laughs
courtesy a hat hi Craig very courteous
courtesy courtesy was is it courteous
they create know what back courtesy laps
no basically gives us prettiest laughs
see laughs bodies lamp hey dude you look
like a WWE wrestler are those pants met
shirt uh come on pin it down pin her
down
he throws them up for the piledriver Wow
it's reversed oh he's got both parents
down the pain one flex yeah yeah yeah
yeah thanks Socko
mind over matter baby
I just had music and adrenaline take me
through probably the best two-mile run
I've ever done in my life I'm not even a
hundred percent I realized that the one
thing I was missing for my recovery that
I normally have I used to work out even
when I wasn't feeling well because it
seems like the sweat just helped you
know just alleviate and like kind of get
everything out all the toxins so I was
like I'm running tonight I'm running
tonight I'm feeling a lot better than I
have the past couple days I'm just gonna
go do it my body like my lungs they're
feeling it but I just pushed it listen
to some good tunes and the music carried
me and I'll be honest my mind went to
another place where I didn't even feel
tired and I started to get like
emotional because I was just so grateful
for my body and being able to move again
and it's just something I take for
granted every single day so man
it feels good hopefully this will be the
turning point and I've talked to really
probably too long about this but Wow
hit me hit me hard tonight hit me hard
tonight stay sweaty people staying
sweaty is good it's a good thing wait
seriously I need to repeat myself
because he just opened the door and I
said seriously babe did you walk all the
way from the mailbox I told you to drive
are you freaking kidding me
oh babe you're still sick you walked all
the way from the freaking mailbox I'm
gonna kill you I'm gonna kill you babe
how have you is it that's pretty heavy
voice you're sweating it was a good
workout
freaking happy and it does put on my
back and just watch
babe babe I'm so mad at you right now I
reverted to my pioneer ancestors my gosh
you're freaking crazy just little box so
look there's only one little box it's
400 pounds it's floating into three
pieces oh yeah this is a treadmill from
Nordic Trek remember that video we did a
lot of fun that's enough babe I am look
look at this treadmill I fit in abled
you have mat training complete tracks at
a gold video lose weight that is great
44 workout apps is awesome oh no I can't
do the rest myself
trust me already dried yeah we got that
screen up top you got fans right there
and there's big speakers my problem is I
don't think we can use it in here
because the second floor like a rest or
something because this giant box 400
pounds
it's literally from here to there I'm
thinking all these pieces out and stop
trying to act normal
it's 11:45 at 9:00 people think I'm like
causing mischief and I put that on my
back in Omashu curves the jerk by me are
you nervous oh yeah better at night then
they type you know think you're crazy I
think you're crazy comment of the day
biz Foley Noah will have a real life
blue dog
like blue dock how cool is that no
you're gonna have a real life blue dog
and the Kindle that's so sweet
guys I'm uploading this way later than I
expected to some people that are
brand-new have been like when do you
guys usually upload well in the past it
was so spear deck I'd like to start
doing in the morning though and I know I
haven't because I've been doing stuff at
night trying to catch up I apologize for
that but I'm post this right now
beautiful sunset you guys are beautiful
too we'll see you guys tomorrow the
reason why it's going up too late is
because there's a lot going on and I
think you guys are gonna be pretty
excited about everything they love yeah
see you tomorrow
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion see love you buddy
