you're debating between two names right
now we're open to other ones that she
names it
hey you and your spaceship train Jojo I
should have known the sound better yeah
Jenica Jigga Jigga Jigga that space
makes my house is a disaster I feel like
I was oh okay no I totally clogged my
face last night you guys we are
currently in the car heading down
sensitive
as we did it for this last long say
attitude look he's in this camo pants
again
hey guys we're heading down to meet some
bucks how do you feel about this
and for a camera
I'm so excited you have no idea where I
go see some silver labs and I was in the
back chillin
there you go yeah we're here see these
guys are you gonna get your fingers yeah
Jen you like that one yeah what would we
call them they're so pretty
he's like a rule he likes ear watch this
is the face of a happy kid we are back
from seeing deaf pups little pups and we
love them we really love them we didn't
get a ton of footage it was oh my
goodness was the cutest thing Noah so
when we first brought him in I was
holding the dog Jenna's only Noah so we
couldn't record it and he was like so
gentle and just kind of like just kind
of petting them just he just loved them
all right they're gonna be good friends
very best friends because we got puppy
you guys I know I do you think we're
crazy
they're building a dog park here for the
dogs there's a dog meeting every 7:30
every night at 7:30 oh they're all the
dogs go and play together and I love
going for walks I love going outside I
look for excuses all the time like I'm
like Jen can I do at the meal hey Jen I
know maybe I should go to the store cuz
I just like Denny out and walking and
moving so I can't wait to take this dude
out a thousand times a day right repeat
that clip if I ever complained we
already have a clip of Jen saying she
loves puppies
oh he's so cute little oh my god that's
gonna be a big dude it takes three and a
half years for him to be full-sized and
we want the other thing is like we don't
want to live here forever like our lease
is running up soon ultimately we'd like
to move somewhere with a yard a bigger
place we can't wait for him to be a part
of the family
perfect there's two different puppies
but I loved him he was like a little
close the more timid one or timid but
the other one was all over the place and
I can't have two babies all over the
place he's gonna be a little bit all
over the place
I know predicting it now we can repeat
this in the future he's gonna be jumping
around all over the place that's true
he already but he was crazy kind of note
we're gonna name them you're debating
between two names right now we're open
to other ones the Chi names are C Raja
and Chipotle no they're not no the two
names are the first one was Gus that was
a little puppy we were Lucas yes but it
was somebody cute but now I really like
the name Wrigley Wrigley it's a name
that we for one moment our lives that we
might name Noah it didn't happen because
why didn't we name him because we were
only reasonable but what did I always
say more of a dog's name I always said
okay let's be my first dog Wrigley there
you go and now we're getting our first
dog look at that I'm wearing a shirt
don't hate human even have to Wrigley
Field basically yeah you'd be named it
didn't honor of the cups and they're
losing ways so we're leaning towards
Wrigley right now but if you guys have
cool dog name suggestions feel free to
post them we'll read them check them out
see if there's one that we really like
because oh thank you page of dog names
oh yeah baby yeah so we could have them
as soon as this weekend tomorrow we're
gonna go get him
a leash and food and bed yes a lot of
questions we were there for a long time
I think the cool part too I know guys I
hate to break it to you I know a lot of
you guys are gonna be upset that he's
not coming from a shelter I think we
said on the you know we looked at the
shelter and did not find like a dog that
we felt like would fit our family yeah
and also it was kind of expensive which
I was
not very money which was which is good
yeah it was good
from that what time we went to Ikea -
and they had all those pups on display
in the shelter there so yeah but really
we just didn't feel like we found one
that fit our family - Simon it's funny
cuz Jen's all about Jenna let's adopt a
child at some point in our life oh
that's a whole other thing for everyone
to debate about it's obviously not
happening now when we were dating Jen's
like at some time in her life I want to
adopt a child and help someone we
haven't even begun to really look into
that we know people that have no no
we're not we're not ready to responsibly
do something like that but that is
something that you said you want to do
is love and of course I want to save
them but none of them really connected
with us so yeah and we're one of our
main concerns is Noah tuned we just want
them to do well so we'll see what
happens wow this has been a long clip
we're getting that dog there's nothing
better than a boy and his dog yeah oh my
gosh there's like my third dog and I
I've always been so attached to my other
dogs my last one passed away
well when my last one passed away from
she was super old over a hundred years
old and arcade dog years I think I cried
in deep I just of course I cry to me
it's a sad thing I could cry out just
think Chloe's dogs can watch vlogs in
heaven I love you miss you
Facebook page for my dog no love dummies
guys I love dogs Rick Lee we'll see
that's his name we love you guys I think
guys remember how earlier I was really
freaking out because the house was just
a disaster
look I cleaned the living rooms all
picked up and I vacuum I vacuum the
floors and I cleaned most of the kitchen
happy happier happier still need a
finish laundry and clean our room
signor their sock yeah and eating it so
net we are having the slightly
overcooked brained
Z lobster map what is this lobster
ravioli butternut squash ravioli and
have we told you guys about Noah and how
he just can never get enough of food
he basically eats everything that we eat
now and you know I tried to like go slow
but he's ready for it just like give me
more what's it do you like seafood they
do not do it he loves it and I know some
kids don't so that's great I'll eat
almost anything cuz he just loves the
taste of everything
hey you got a long enough chin he got
too little on your chin mister you got a
little on your cheeks there
literally races if he could walk he
would run sir get him some swimming
lessons don't you deserve it working out
everyday it was just so funny I lik I go
into the mirror and I see like other
corner my age and like eating ice cream
in bed like what girl you deserved it to
yourself they treat yourself girl
do you see treat yourself comment of the
day is actually an email today it's from
Manny who did something really cool
Manny emailed someone from Hines the
creator of sriracha ketchup and
basically said hey Sam has been looking
for si Racha ketchup and he can't find
it and look at the response that he got
it says hello so great to hear this I
will talk to the brand and will
definitely help out
Judy Manny told Judy how much I love
sriracha and how bad I want to try see
ratchet ketchup so they might be sending
us some maybe a bottle maybe it's a
little packet maybe it's a coupon I
don't know but that's pretty cool
so Manny thanks for doing that you are
the comment of the day in this case it's
an email guys I'm pretty beat down today
for reasons that shouldn't even affect
me but I am passionate about sports and
two of my favorite athletes got hurt
today Derrick Rose and Patrick Kane
that's like the equivalent let's say
you're in the movies and you have two
favorite actors and they get hurt or
something happens to them and you can't
see them in movies for a while or TV
shows
maybe it's an artist and their voice and
they happen to their voice and you can't
hear
perform for a certain amount of time or
maybe ever ah some of you might not
relate to this but as a Chicago sports
fan it hit home I happened to be wearing
my don't hate a 1908 shirt which is Cubs
related to the curse and today I'm
feeling cursed dang I won't go much into
it but Wow
I was crushed when I heard the news
hopefully my team's get bounced back I
will continue to root for them they're
awesome anyways hope you guys are having
a wonderful day
I love my family I love you guys the
fame 'cut we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion and the speed
I can't get over you you're everything
that I meet I want your hot love and
emotion it's the I don't have a little
oh
