they want to show you what the puppies
look like we're shaking the nape up neti
pot
guys Sam has a pretty bad sinus
infection he says his head has never
hurt so bad in his life so we just went
to walgreens and got him some
antibiotics so hopefully that will
finally get rid of this thing he's had
gosh don't it's been over a week and
it's really just nasty and we thought he
was almost over it but then he got stuck
even worse and this kids on the mend
it's like two in the afternoon and Sam
is still in bed if I was getting better
but then I just hit him with this bad
sinus infection and like more the virus
I think today he's just just blah so he
has literally been laying down like
almost all day I so that's why why the
video is not up and what she can't
really blame him cuz he just came think
straight and so probably up to later so
sorry about that but you guys understand
like when you get sick you just can't do
anything um I hope you guys start
feeling well and have a good day and hey
hi buddy
oh I just happened to stumble upon doggy
stuff yes Renee go see our puppy
tomorrow I think so we were to get Sam a
neti pot and some other things up like
you feel better and just getting out for
a bit because we get cooked up he's so
tired still vaniqa have been kind of
dead Miley it's past couple 48 hours I
have a terrible sinus infection and it
hurts so bad I've never had a headache
that hurts this bad in my life I'm
pulling out all the stops to join get
rid of this hyping up on vitamin C and
the biotics doing the hot towel
treatment shower there's everything
because I'm sike oh no I'm emotionally
and physically drained because I just
haven't been there for my family lately
and we had such like a momentous like oh
my gosh last week Monday let's go like
YouTube this is awesome and instead I
get hit by that little bug and it slows
me down a little bit Wednesday when I
went to casey's premiere I thought I was
feeling a lot better i mean i was still
slightly congested but I was definitely
on my way up and I think the air here
was just so dry in our apartment that I
I got an infection and wow it wiped me
out it wipe me out I've been resting as
much as possible and jen has been
absolutely amazing to me man so grateful
for her honestly I just can't wait to be
myself I can't wait to be there for them
some more Jen's getting me a neti pot
some hopefully some orange juice and
different things I know so i can get
this get this out of my face all right
I'm done complaining but that's where
I've been that's where I've been they
want to show you what the puppies look
like yeah I know how you guys have said
to like hey you guys should adopt and
we've totally looked into it we've been
on all the websites we've looked at all
of them yeah and to be honest we don't
assume we haven't done things just
because I haven't talked about it guys
yeah don't jump to conclusions guys that
being said at this point we I mean we
are looking at these ones that aren't at
the shelter but I wanted to show you
guys something it's like you guys
they're called silver labs they're like
a little more chocolate sometimes they
look cuz sometimes it's for the lighting
but right either way we think they're
beautiful sound pretty it would be so
cute really good companion to little
Noah
yeah because they make chocolate labs
with Weimaraners and so some time to
turn out more chocolaty than silver but
sometimes it really silver shouldn't
show them the really silver one no I
went through him on the ones that they
sent me these are the ones they just
texted me yeah Oh aren't they so cute
they have the brightest blue eyes and
sometimes they have green eyes and oh
we're gonna go see them tomorrow I'm so
excited if Sam feels better and if
Noah's feeling a little better we're
gonna go see them yes I'm excited I
think it's time to do the neti pot the
one time I've done this before I hated
it really stung but i think it's try
prime time to do it again because i need
to really clear my sinuses out we're due
in the neti pot neti pot we're shaking
the neti pot neti pot we're doing the
may pop neti pot not all nasal passages
are created equally I just made that up
but um I've told him I saw her nice tune
any pot in a video and she took it like
a champ and didn't even say a word or
complaining Sam glassing he did it said
it burned and some really bad so I feel
like he's gonna act like hope he doesn't
act like a baby 0600 the bubbles coming
out uh well I was quick you got some big
nostrils little three toes yes are you
supposed to do to both sides heard oh
yeah oh sick there you go yeah that's so
nasty he hasn't big nostrils I think
you're gonna show up in there hey
they're solid all right Nettie success
the first time I ever did that I did
years and years ago I was at my sister's
house she had when I was like oh I've
always seen those I want to just try it
and I didn't do it with really any
directions and no seeing this map
figures that right now
anyways I think we use like salt just
table salt mix it up I had half of it
going through my throat it was so
painful that was so much easier no no no
I used you know and now I feel I can
really feel it feels like it's pretty
clear right there so neti pot for the
wind Noah Noah what are you doing down
there smiley haha good again daddy again
again do it again again again go go go I
feel I feel you know uh no hahaha
looking up they down they weighed Noah I
the doctor yesterday and he's over 20
pounds now he's a big ol baby one thing
that we've been doing with the little
guy i mainly Jen I've been holding him
down and Jensen second out his boogers
every time nose Frieda you guys familiar
with this any of you moms and dads up
there you basically stick it in their
nose and and the picture of the box goes
from the picture on the box cuz it lies
babies are not happy when you set
boogered I don't know see what the
picture on the box is here's the picture
on the box babies like ah so the buggers
have sucking up boogers out mom it feels
so good and smart at Swedish it's maybe
a little strange it's completely
hygienic thanks to the included filters
yeah there you go miss Frieda we did
just get a lot out of his nose though
really just I feel like I just ate his
booger so let's sing a song the other
four mom puts your little baby vixen
it's that time of the night where we say
goodnight to you d um it's that time of
the night where we say goodnight to you
Oh literally new OS time of the night
putting jammies on is the worst but
every were told you guys that Noah has
no chill no chill he really doesn't like
to just hate skinny as pajamas put on
hey
what's the party how about comment of
the day is Bailey an extra hahaha I will
dress either right ah-ha-ha-ha ah-ha-ha
I love how you always go back to that we
just don't buy cookies or sweets clips
whenever you show cookies or sweets the
crazy thing is that someone not just one
person multiple people this could be
your first time watching our vlog or you
could have been your first time watching
yesterday's vlog where we put in the I
just don't like cookies or sweets are we
just on my cookies or sweets we just
don't buy quickly you're sweet so you
might be like what the heck is that even
about I'm gonna put a link to that vlog
so that everyone gets kind of a reminder
of where that clip went from some of the
posts that in the description you guys
can go watch that it is the original
vlog where Jen goes we just don't buy
cookies or sweets when really we do get
a lot of cookies and sweets so that is
the comment of the day I just wanted to
bring that up so you guys can you know a
lot of you people could be two brand new
so you don't know what that's all about
but uh Jen did say and sometimes I bring
things up which she did say in the past
because they're hilarious anything else
you want to say to everyone today I love
puppies thanks for taking care of me
time what I'm trying to do time sorry
can't imagine like when we have more
kids and if one of us gets a ball or
they else gets them and how do people do
that we step by step it's the first time
learn to grow yeah yeah Oh guys I am
feeling better though so let's get ready
to party really soon cuz I need to let
out a lot of energy wants I'm feeling
good love you guys see you tomorrow
puppies piece such a song fun
on you you everything that I see y'all
johar love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you you're everything that I
need I want your heart lovely won't show
it see you look beautiful darling thanks
beautiful I'm not putting on it but I'm
too tired
