oh my gosh you're acting oh I'm in
the water and there's ice
hello guys it's Sunday morning and we're
supposed to be at church right now but
Noah was awake last night again I ain't
missing church cuz I like church but
he's been Sam's feeling sick again like
it's like still in his head we're
supposed to go to Logan today again we
keep pushing the day back like further
and further brother but I don't know it
wasn't nothing feeling and how Noah's
feeling I don't want to get beta sick
this sickness is really wiping these
boys out I'm just like playing I don't
get it a tweed can't forward feeling
sick friend another week he seems happy
but like I can feel like the cough in
this chest like when he breathes like I
can like feel it in him I can hear it
which is really gross and really sad hi
guys just prior to being back here on
our way to Jordan's dad toss for dinner
and hang out
bureau
so they find the guy on the house though
it took a really good nap and now we're
going to get out and have a little fun
with family ain't that right race Potter
boss potty boss Oh for those of you that
don't know Utah's a very dry place and
then all places get dry in the winter
plus when we have our heater on in our
small apartment it makes it super dry
and it's hard for your body from what i
read your sinuses to actually fully heal
because the dry air and everything just
slows everything down so i decided to
get another humidifier if he has been
watching the vlogs for a long time we
almost got the starry night humidifier
about a year ago this is the only one
that they had that was cool not like
cool but had cool air and the store
which is good for dry places i also got
these vapor pads to put in they said
they can use those with little kids kind
of helps them clear up their sinuses and
things like that so i'm gonna try that
out and we'll probably swap humidifiers
and do this one to noah so that he can
hopefully breathe clear through the
night and me as well with the humidifier
that you uses oh my gosh you're doing it
michael just got virtual reality glasses
you gotta put phone a phone mostly you
buy every toy imaginable didn't matter
lottery if it's a new toy he bite look
at this thing for easier what's me i
don't want to have you watch anything on
there you put the galaxy put the phone
across across right there a super easy
to just 3d well hold on I want to show
them this one I don't know what it does
this is do 3d please yeah I want to put
the camera
seriously we just don't buy cookies or
sweet you got mommy soon oh hey Oh cream
Oh what's it like during that I knew
that's the dinosaur oh is it like you're
in there like you're in there run away
get that thing percussion Jen because
you the cushion because she was like
falling on you oh yeah is it luck in
your eyes oh it's like I'm in again hey
let's take on that phone is it it's okay
you got turn around so I feel so weird
look what because you I ok I don't like
my the grounds up here yeah feeling of a
little bug oh that's weird oh my gosh I
feel like I was like fall over look it
up all over yeah like I tried to like
see thank you seriously you can't hey go
she smells so good I know this case now
we have the right bone on dinner and
then okay soso and put on the head
actually no we got to put on the oculus
first okay so you want to try it try it
oh my gosh your gig oh I'm like oh
my gosh I'm 8 1 i'm in the water and
there's this there's no sound though are
you sure oh yeah i'm gonna turn the
volume up for you there it is mm-hmm key
here now okay the vines up I don't hear
anything wait that's really high that's
really high but I still in Harry think
one or ears Apple kept resume press play
is it working okay yeah it's working for
this myself oh wow they're silly yeah
dad is there oh you know what it might
have not worked because you had to do it
from the beginning oh my feel everybody
a quick attack can you hear it yeah okay
push do hot is it good good that's it on
the phone there's a volume on the front
don't walk around Jen cuz you're gonna
run into things yeah look around
basically
yeah it's just like happening out there
huh oh my gosh there's no need to go to
see rolling no this is so cool you have
you just keep watching to the end you're
gonna see some cool stuff I'm swimming
bye buddy hope you find your dad normal
you hit the wall that is the coolest
thing of every day you feel like you're
in another world I know yeah the world
for me when I was trumping with the
dinosaurs this is better this one's
better than 40 oh my gosh oh yeah cool
they like tells you what your team with
the lady's voice isn't that cool do you
see the whales yeah theres two now walks
fansedge me out this thing is sweet
charge so enthusiastic there's a shot oh
there's another shark well no but we
love you very much and you're gonna feel
so good in the morning good evening I
think tonight was a great night for Lady
gaga man she's gonna see me if you
didn't see her perform she's actually
really good I know she was good before
tonight but we went back in to watch
your how could she baba Baba alive and I
my mother man no I mean like you don't
hear everything she can do we went back
and watched her before she became lady
gaga I'm Stephanie and she was
incredible it's funny people are saying
that she had to do this whole shtick and
craziness just to get noticed and make a
name for herself and now she can
actually do it she wants to I don't know
what to believe anymore but you can sing
that I have a whole new respect found
out is it her some pieces so you can
actually think I've been ringing some of
your comments check out this shirt also
yeah check that out says game over it's
got a little video game things on it
cook it yes Ok Go Sky a lot of you guys
are team puppy which I love so many
people have been like you know what Sam
and Jen I think you're jumping to things
not just like walking down out getting
something and going up with it the life
decision and you guys need to think more
about it we have thought a lot about it
we've actually been wanting a puppy
fervency got a since you have me so over
four years we never got one because we
were never in the position to have one
being at school and work nice i'm
whenever being home google it for
smaller apartments we will continue I
mean there will be moments / of course
they'll be frustrating yo absolutely
like a baby's fresh paint isn't
absolutely someone compared it like it
well if you're not really have a baby
shouldn't be your pond already have a
puppy though it's different that is
totally Jeff and saying that the dog
lovers like that since I've had dogs and
I've had a baby and one was a lot more
painful to get out you're telling me
what no I was talking my dad today and
he's like it's like having another
family member of the family which is
completely true so puppy update you're
probably not getting the show we need to
weenie but we have our eyes on a
different dog that we think would be my
greatest prayer for Noah and for our
family yeah there's one that we can I
joist emotions about the shine although
I love him and he's so cute um we were
gonna name them get on with it work no
no thank you were anywhere cuz maybe the
next time but you know I just I've been
feeling very nervous about it oh yeah
we've been doing research on the side we
just don't include you guys on it cuz
it's not like hey guys come cop on the
computer with me as we watch videos and
read articles about Liam assuming the
puppy is an email I'm emailing we've
been youtubing we've been reading
articles how to train like all these
different things about different dogs
and came to conclusion that the shaming
is probably not the best fit probably
not right now oh he's renowned he's
super cute but we do have a dog couple
dogs that we're really interested in and
someone's gonna text us photos tomorrow
of them because they're not ready to go
to a home but they will within the next
week week or so so we'll see how that is
and then they're close enough that we
can also bring Noah and buy it and just
see like how that would even go yeah
lots of them where the shamini was for
shows so sorry to disappoint sigh
happening right away but we really are
putting a lot of time and effort into
this and we think it'd be a fun little
chapter of our lives and I just like
have always dreamt of having a child
grow up with a dog and then being best
friends and I know that's kind of like a
dream and not easily possible takes a
lot of work but I think it'd be a lot of
fun work a lot of fun family moments
that we can have together yeah so I'm
excited we'll see what happens and I
completely understand all your asses
opinions no just awesome so thanks for
posting that it keeps us keeps us
thinking
keeps us studying keeps us oh yeah
everything comment of the day is Karen
and she says totally ditch the Oscars to
watch this fog what do you think about
that Noah good idea great idea some of
you guys know that I have a terrible
sinus infection so I'm just adding in
this vlog right now can't even hear
myself talk and he took out these
headphones oh man these past 10 days
have been kind of crazy but jen has been
there for me every step of the way she
is the best that's all I gotta say but
Karen that was a great comment I know a
lot of you guys were watching the Oscars
and said that you left to watch the vlog
so thanks for being for their first guys
I can't even talk we'll see you guys
tomorrow love ya purse such a song
I've got my eyes on you everything that
I see our Joe hot love and emotion
endlessly I can't get over you you're
everything that I need I want your hot
love and emotion it's the tomorrow we'll
show you some pictures of some puppies
that we are going to go look at this
week
