are you having to vote second guesses
hi guys Saturday morning and we are just
hanging out me and this little guy
Sam was really nice and let me sleep
this morning and got up with him when he
first got around like 7:00 which is
super nice because he was up a lot last
night nights are always way worse for
him lately while I being sick and
teething and stuff at the double-whammy
guys his teething and he has an actual
coffin i cold we actually both went back
to sleep when he went down first first
nap but he's still resting we were
supposed to cook to Logan to visit with
our friends to Nanjiani and other
friends but it's not gonna happen now
because he's so sick and their little
girl and like Joey just got over the
same thing and I don't wanna get them
again see hypomanic also yesterday
Sam totally got getting a puppy into my
head and now I want a puppy I'm so sad
I was just thought to show you the puppy
I wanted and now it's gone there was
this cute little boxer collie
his name was patch and he was really
really cute and I wanted him he was
white but there's this little miniature
dachshund that's really cute she's
really cute guys is bad I should not be
looking at puppies but they're just so
yeah I can't oh wait what patch is there
no not found look well Sam did in here
now I want a puppy bad very bad
I'm we're taking care of my own puppy
right here who just turned the TV on by
himself so do you guys think puppy or
not puppy or not so I don't know I know
a lot of you're like have another baby
and we will eventually but now right now
we just need I just need a little time
to like enjoy this one while he's still
a baby because they grow so fast and
then I think of my eye he's gonna be one
years old and it's gonna be really sad
so I'm just trying to enjoy my little
baby and take care of him before I even
think about having another baby I'm
still thinking about the 9-pound baby
that already came out of me sue Lansing
was like fine he's like let's get
a puppy he's like now I'm puppy hungry
and I'm like seriously I can't he's
cracking me up oh my gosh he's like
changing the channel right now he's just
chillin - pillow changing channels like
true - boy years took we don't let puppy
house yesterday as you saw on the vlog
and I was about like I was like yeah
puppy and then last night I decided to
get on I forgot to show you guys what I
was doing last night I was getting along
ASL and looking actual puppies which is
a bad idea because then you find
something you like and then you're like
oh my gosh it's under $300 I want that
puppy for under $300 that's really cheap
why don't you be really cute with the
puppy running in the grass he would be
really cute I felt bad I found the
puppet that I was like in love with last
night he's okay it's a really weird
night he's like a boxer collie but dude
I know in this picture you look kind of
like a little rat but oh my gosh look at
him yeah for some reason I just love him
his name is patch and it's so cute that
little mini Aussies Corgi Corgi I don't
know look like little bears guys I was
pumping up my primer and I made a duck
completely on accident look at that
there's even I 20 minutes later we might
have a new member of the salmon command
okay pretty sick I think we might be
getting a puppy
are we crazy are we crazy Sam yeah yeah
but this little puppy which we have
already picked a name out for that shall
be his name sure yes well no once we
pick him up but I want to buddy's all
the way in Idaho
look at him he has big blue eyes
he's a Joey Nisha weenie and he and Noah
can be best friends
Noah you want a puppy do you want a
puppy
do you want a puppy yeah you want a
puppy where's your psycho here changes
but forgot to buy this yesterday it's a
sign it's a sign
go go if Noah likes the book we're
buying a puppy he likes the book this is
where it all began people in this aisle
yeah in this hour I would have thought
you're the one that was like oh look at
those cute little beds
no YouTube hashtag puppy hunger you know
you said look at those cute little beds
all right guys we're not going today
though if it happens if we are getting
one the lady hasn't really been
responding it's hitting late and it's
kind of far away so if we do get one
it'll be tomorrow or the next day we're
this bed
there are chiweenie the two weenie guys
- we need not a bulldog or a pitbull or
whatever he's the size of this burger
you want this no excuse me excuse me
we're at Petco now and we've noticed
that target is a lot cheaper for things
actually really affordable at Target
yeah Jenna wants him to have a little
crossbones leash I almost like keep
saying his name it's really cute name
guys you're gonna that for sure gonna be
his name yes so we are getting a puppy
are you having a book second-guesses
there are a lot of different options
that is for certain be tough let's go
across those guys mesmerized by the
birds you probably watch them all day
let's not show you in there
so operations Amica puppy has taken its
a little time out you know the the
adults have decided think no no I just
played you know ice that was that
advocated about us and different
questions about different things I'm
still for it but Jen guess what you know
how dr. Seuss is coming out with a new
book because guess what the book is
called let's cover yeah I just saw it
today dead shoes all right guys
shout out Sunday I've spent the past
couple hours watching your vlogs in fact
I have a long list of vlogs that I would
love to mention and I can't wait to
mention every Sunday one thing I don't
want this to be a reason for contention
competition or like why didn't they
select our channel or what an ace like
their channel I want this to be
something good something that we can all
enjoy and I don't want it to be
something like oh my gosh I can't
believe you know doesn't think like that
we don't have to do this but I want to I
know some people can get offended and I
don't want that to be the case maybe at
some point if we've on forever we can
mention every single channel that exists
so you guys made a lot of good
suggestions this week I wanted to shout
out a channel that I haven't before okay
so someone I've never even met and
someone I've never mentioned in the vlog
I thought it was fitting to select
someone that has been here for a while
it's always super supportive of us and
that's J house vlogs
we're brand-new family bloggers with
four little kids can you enjoy sharing
our lives are fun family moments we love
getting out into the community with our
kids and serving others we spend our
time learning together through
homeschool adventures and field trips a
lot of people nominated you guys and you
guys have been very supportive of us so
I wanted to say thank you and hopefully
everyone can go check you guys out check
out one of their videos if you like them
you can subscribe if you don't then just
move along I think this is cool I think
this is sweet that we can do this every
week every Sunday we can check out a
channel that we might not know about I
know some of you guys are probably
thinking man Sam's only gonna pick like
cute little families and babies and cute
couples and no I'm gonna choose all
sorts of channels whether you're single
if you do magic tricks all sorts of
things I am open to it all because I
enjoy it all so thank you for nominating
other people I think it's cool that
people can do that for others instead of
being like hey watch my channel you can
be like hey here's the channel I enjoy I
would love to do something cool for them
I probably spent a little too much time
a couple hours watching some of these
and I'm not sure Jen's probably too
happy about that because well the vlogs
you want up late and yeah I kind of get
distracted when I start watching these
videos I just like watching YouTube
videos so sorry Jen that kind of
replaces comment of the day because you
guys were nominating a bunch of channels
so go check out J house vlogs also do
you think we should get a puppy I know
it's crazy I know how much work a puppy
takes we've had two dogs as a kid my
parents did most of the work and I know
that would be the case for us because I
obviously know is so small but I think
it'd be fun I think you'd be exciting
especially since I'm here I just think
it'd be so cute to see Noah grow up but
the little dog what do you guys think I
know some of you guys are pretty against
and I know some of you guys are super
for it post in the comments what you
guys think
puppy yay or nay cuz it might be
happenin either way we'll see we love
you guys see you tomorrow peace a song
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love any
emotion it's the Honorable Mention this
week
Thakur life they just had a baby I'll
post a link in the description you guys
can go check them out too
