we've decided the video you mean for you
now baby announcement we've decided that
we want to have
good morning sweet sweet world to help
my god slay world that's good isn't his
happy place if we let him loose and just
let him go wherever he wants of the
house he come straight to the bathtub
and like star just how not pounding on
it like yeah what's up guys in spite of
it so now he's happy sickness to connect
if I come as long as he doesn't like
fall back and hit himself definitely you
always requires a little bit of Mary
supervision but good morning guys hope
you guys are having a wonderful day I've
do it the car looked at because every
year God did state inspection here he's
a pretty common I'm up there to keep
sliding but you know I don't let mom
that for you sooo cute he hit his face
oh sorry surgery agreement don't let mom
laugh at you oh ok give up like I was
saying though we got to go get the car
checked out so I'm gonna go bring the
car there walk home I think blue again
taking the car in is always it's almost
like bringing your body yourself to the
doctor you get a check-up you're like
well just read it I hope there's nothing
wrong cuz in both cases financially it's
like dang it oh that was that what tub
your feet away never been happier so you
just hope for the best so Rufio our car
I hope you're doing well and I hope you
feel well cuz we're gonna get you a
checkup okay well yeah refuse kind of a
kind of an interesting car these days
love you I'm sorry
it's that time tonight but we'd say hi
new tires don't you just want to pick
all those off did you ever want to do
that as like a kid I think I might have
actually done that as a kid like to it
not to a car but like my bike yeah took
my bike rack we're targets find it
sriracha ketchup hopefully they have a
year mission mission see how to catch up
but judges points on the out that the
dr. Seuss books like that's a different
a third is it the same person though
because I feel like there's different
aliases always mm-hmm Jen that's what I
want remember 53 well by the time it's
your birthday in a couple months agobe
now 50 55 right in my expedition to find
SI racha ketchup I haven't even made it
that far yet and I've already we've made
new friends Rochelle and Mark look at
the sea get this yes hello everybody
hello look at this little baby my name
is Dexter Rhydian and she is the
prettiest eyes and we were just saying
that like Noah was never that that small
Noah came out nine pounds she's just
chillin he was a nine-pounder nine pound
one ounces so she was only five pounds
one ounce and the doctor said if she was
any figure they'd have had to do with
csec so my gosh he was 9 pounds I warned
me that was the day I warned me truly
respected I mean I always have respected
women but that was the day where I was
like wow like this is amazing gotta buy
some help I really want to get Noah this
duck to sit in and it's like a ship it's
Noah's Ark much what's Noah's Ark which
was a splash I thought think that thing
will even fit our tub what any more even
we need to get one of these though cuz
we need to get rid of that Maddie's
using any when he's in it without it
he's sliding around like a madman
probably should get that to cover the
spout too there's only one option for
tape dispensers here and it's the Oscar
wiener dog get it looks like an Oscar
shiny did you get a puppy okay you want
to you want to donating keep he'll have
dougs another matter okay so I'm out to
eat after watching Austin's birth video
today we've decided the video you mean
bring out baby announcement we've
decided that we want to have kind of
want a puppy we would love to have
another baby genuine do we have another
baby uh not until he's like one or two
but that's all you learn or two to
probably too seriously we'll try like
any year oh that means we'd have the
baby when he's too so that means okay
here no bad can i really want to get a
puppy now that i'm at home with you i
could take care of it you need to have
your puppy and I'd have my puppy ohh fry
want more dope with this puppy okay then
Noah could help out with this puppy you
need to do you want puppy doing a puppy
would that be fun you are you willing to
get up with it at like two and more into
poetry and may go pee outside yes you
are I wanna be part of the exclusive
club that meets every night at some 30
on the tennis court I think we should
get a puppy okay well it's good puppy
that's really a little is I'm feel a
little baby hungry today seriously like
how much he's still a baby hi do you
feel baby hungry with a baby oh you
still a baby
all right here's the moment we've been
waiting for and
no there's a Tabasco jalapeno what the
crap
let's go to walmart this will do for now
but we got to go to walmart come another
day Carly Sanchez hola familia Sam eeka
hola Kylie como estas estas bien Noah
esta dormido c/s bueno okay guys today's
WOD was a little bit shorter because
Noah he's still sick and we just that
kid is amazing though that kid that kid
inspires me because he has so much
energy he still tries to live his life
and do his normal little thing when I'm
sick I'm like babe I need to sleep more
bed help me and I was just like Diddy
diddy date runny nose doesn't even care
but last night he called me a lot
because he just had our time sleeping i
think that's when it affects him the
most so in today's comments i want you
to look around at people that are
posting in the comments or nominate a
channel that you enjoy and that will be
the first sanika mini shout out on
sunday i just want to mention channels
doesn't have to be a big deal but every
Sunday I mean I used to kind of do this
every once awhile and other people have
done in the past I think it'd be fun to
just support you know a smaller channel
or whatever on Sundays and also would
you guys think of the snapchats a lot of
you guys sent me snapchats I couldn't
open all of them but I think we should
start doing that maybe have like
snapchat Saturday something like that
where you know we just have a little
intermission of snapchats and you guys
can have fun with that and be a part of
the luck let me know what you guys think
so many people intersect like we have to
do it now ever what wait Rach doing it
what what oh my we were planning on
going to visit some people this weekend
I don't know if that happened just
because we don't want to it to get more
sick or get other people sick so we'll
keep you guys updated you'll see it here
in the vlog we love you guys we hope you
guys have a wonderful weekend and
hopefully we're all healthy soon I might
have to go to the doctor something you
like I feel like I still have a little
bit of a bug I need to do something
about this go running sweat it out
hashtag say sweaty I'll figure it out
love you guys peace
just hope I'm going on
eyes on you you everything that I see
our Johar love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion let's see I really want a puppy
