good morning sweet word it is soccer
Saturday those games earlier today it's
a couple of hours earlier so we're about
to head out it's 60 degrees you ready to
play yeah should we do another post game
interview today no yeah you have fun
what color your hair is your hair gonna
be blue all right let's go do it
I am Vijay you ready yeah your soccer
ball okay let's go okay what we got here
today what color is that
blue all right let's go let's get to the
game go practice before the big game the
plane orange team today
good kick buddies looks reparable know
it seems enthusiastic this time so I
can't take it good that ball Noah go No
Go Go Go Go Go Go kick it bud get it no
I get it Torian go Charlie go kick it
kick it Joe I got charlie go go Charlie
go
go get it Noah put your Lily come on
Lily over here rock hey guys when I say
three you guys yell Lions okay
moments later where are we Pinterest
put your calling up inner dinner's
dinner sinners conference Oh
introduce me like hey look at this
there's just rows and rows and rows and
rows and rows of Instagram stores
basically this is Q I want the bad we're
still here
I bought PJ address if you Jade bracelet
oh look at these quotes monocle
having been halfway through there's just
so much to look at too much to look at
too much to mine yes I've bought these
if he thinks I need to get no with
something though so it's not left out I
like that one we wrap one's pretty too
this place is ginormous and there's so
many people here so many people here I'm
gonna show J Griffin both my friend cami
package came I got some socks with
lychee you got a new dress okay okay
that PJ and this little dress too which
is like really soft and really cute look
at this dress PJ this one's softer you
like this one - this one reminds me I've
got one brand what's that one brand with
the scoop dresses Wow cool I got PJ and
then last thing I got we know we're
gonna want to date soon and I got PJ
this little bracelet I can't really see
so pretty
let me see you your twirl are you
princess you did it oh hey let it go
look it look at this little bracelet you
want put on that's what come here come
here
they had no boy ones I always looking
over PJ your prints these are many of
the dresses online that have the scoop
back that I really think are so cute I
can't remember the brand I love it
beautiful leave it on and try your other
dress on you look so pretty
yeah we're gonna go on a date huh no
okay you can wear that one
twirl dance unless you dance in it
beautiful it'll last it's a little big
so I'll grow into it
Freddie
my friend cami from Bali grew up gal
designs
she sent me bows before I've shown you
guys she was actually there which was
really fun she knows my cousin really
well so John was at that Pinterest
Instagram boutique convention thing for
a couple hours she had the camera
setting gets a record much more will do
a postgame interview next week Dejan
will actually be here for the game he's
flying out on Thursday we'll be here for
I think four or five days so it'll be
fun Noah was super timid during the game
and we asked him afterwards like why
didn't you want to go up and just kick
the ball and steal it and go kick it in
their goal it was like this little
conversation and I was proud of him
because for the past three years he's
been super aggressive around other kids
and sometimes you know we're like making
sure he's behaving and being nice kids
will be kids but he was always kind of
like an extra not up so we've really
been working hard with him on playing
nice with others being nice to Penelope
and he's actually the past six months
have been great he's done such a good
job we're so proud of them part of that
I think is growing up but it's just been
great so oh yes they were like well you
just go steal that ball I did your ball
you steal from me you kick it because
sometimes he doesn't want to kick the
ball and he said no it's their turn to
play with it I'm just letting them
finishing and let them kick the ball and
when it's my turn I'll kick it but it
was it's their turn to play with it
until they're done and I was like oh my
gosh
kid you actually listening to us it was
such a cute little reaction and it put
the games in perspective just how fun
they are and these kids are just out
there to run through the tunnel get the
snacks at the end of the game run around
to have fun
and it has definitely been our highlight
so far so
we've moved here we've been really bad
at posting blogs on a regular schedule
and I'm hoping to do better at that with
the move and costs and everything I've
had to focus a lot of working with other
brands and I've been wanting to take
kind of a month off from that sometimes
opportunities arise that are just so
cool and so awesome that you take them
I've been working on something really
big probably my biggest project ever to
date but we have a lot of fun and a lot
of surprises for you guys coming up it's
gonna be good
thanks for hanging in there and being
patient with upload schedule because I
know it's been crazy I feel like we're
in a really good place though and I
think that we'll start to reflect in our
videos as well we will see you guys
tomorrow love ya
peace
