hey bubs that's like them a few times
you smiled this morning
there are three things I want to talk to
you guys about this morning number one
if you need a reason to smile
asleep hmm if you need a reason to smile
you need to go watch our friends Austin
and Britt the knive Knowles they have a
very exciting
the other thing is if you ever need a
sincere reaction about anything just
tell Jenica she will tell you and give
you exactly how she feels
go watch the video is so cute it -
that's how I feel about music and you
guys are gonna love it and you're gonna
love them yeah yeah you loved it - did
you know something a link at the top of
the description you guys can go check
that out and secondly we have a new
outro and chat
I know those are my teeth but what are
you doing to me we have a new outro and
channel art it's something that I didn't
even make I can't take credit for that I
got someone who helped without me even
asking they just sent me this and
they're like hey check this out and I
was like wow that's really good can I
use that somebody open will strap my
phone Michael is your last name Jubal
Struble thank you so much guys this is
his Twitter handle go give him a follow
he's super talented how old do you think
Michael is no 22 you think he's 22 how
old do you guys think Michael is well
I'll tell ya he's 15 15 making the outro
the graphics dude that is the new 22 23
- Jenica Michael thank you so guys go
follow him on Twitter he's been posting
a lot of cool art and stuff that he's
working on and he deserves some
recognition
thanks Michael it's awesome of you and
thanks for just doing that for without
me even asking you just sent it and
that's that's pretty sweet I got to work
on the intro next and clean that up and
start getting a rotation of new ones and
I'll be a lot of fun right Noah because
there's not enough no one intro by the
way on Sundays donuts are doing shout
out Sundays where I recognize a channel
in the family cut or one that I like and
then you guys can go say hey but my
sister also just posted to you the video
this week that's pretty fun and you guys
sure you won't watch it too so I'll put
a link in the description just go and
say hey
but I get what's up no pharmaco rubbers
on and we have a sick baby let me into
the intro I'm dancing into the intro
crazy that yo mama crazy you mama crazy
hey your mama crazy
good morning everyone good morning I got
dad sickness but I'm taking the way
better than he is
housing mom let's watch any cartoons but
I he's feeling sick so I put a little I
put some cartoons on I thought babies
get tired when they get sick and wanna
sleep yeah yeah took my car some
breakfast this morning how to start the
day off right
babe you're so nice felt good to sleep
in for a little bit oh wow so that was
kind of nice
I am breakfast you know people say when
you have the hiccups you should try and
scare them so then they lose them does
that apply to babies too because Noah
has big ups right now and I'm gonna try
and scare him and get rid of that the
verdict is in
I'm either terrible at scaring babies or
it just doesn't work with babies Oh Sam
was just telling me that notes didn't do
parkour rock climbing this kid I'm just
sitting here doing my hair he's like
okay I'll stand up then he
he grabs this and he's literally trying
to pull himself up he's like yeah look
at him and I I'm I probably shouldn't be
helping them so they kind man you hold
on to that you teaching him that no you
shouldn't it breaking news gen channel
oh yeah okay but first we're here at the
mall we're gonna go surprise I said you
should make us a for a video on your
channel and she said well my first video
is to get to know you
what are you gonna record you get to
know you this weekend okay
okay Monday tonight okay Ricky dude dad
by Sephora dad life I just slapped
around the mall like three times okay
that's no big deal
I'm buddy I'm glad to be able to browse
and look around you want to show what's
in your bag okay
people just have to wait and see we go
yeah what about this new vlogging angle
huh you guys are in of my steering wheel
right now mom I just wanted to let you
know that we use the Buffalo Wild Wings
gift card they gave me for Christmas to
get dinner tonight right here I'm
driving home right now Thursday is
boneless wing night we had a huge
discussion when we were in Florida about
how you're supposed to describe
different wings traditional boneless
bone-in yeah
what do you guys call wings
sort of thing can you work out a
regional day it's time to treat yourself
boneless being Thursday thanks mom for
the gift card for Christmas I just
wanted you to see that we're enjoying it
this guy is still a little bit sick baby
you never ate your Syrah chocolate I
think you should have a mango habanero
that's when you want it to be you just
let me know I was going to say I was
ready mr. Marlowe today all the poopy
diapers instead of every other one okay
tomorrow yeah so that means if you're
okay we need poops in the morning I'm
waking you up to change him yeah I'm
ready if it's 5:00 a.m. I'm up 5 a.m.
Santa's coming to town I mean that's
nice of me to give you a mango habanero
that's like a gift you should try one
what's you guys favorite buffalo wing
sauce I'm a traditional you know just
buffalo sauce kind of guy but these
mango habanero mm-hmm we have found
another way that Noah actually might be
my son and might look like me
I get rosy cheeks - mm-hmm look at you
you got rosy cheeks I don't think mom
has ever had rosy cheeks sometimes it's
like oh my gosh I'm so red right now am
i red I'm like what are you talking
about
I like sensitive skin and you perfect
skin
God yeah this is the first time no has
really been sick it's terrible to see
your kids sick I kind of get it how my
mom was always so good to me when I was
sick I mean this guy I just wish I could
do more for him thing with the baby
sometimes age that's like run their
course with the sickness depending on
what it is
so buddy I'm sorry I gave it to you I'd
really try not I really tried you guys
I'm sorry not everyone has a super
immune system it's like when the
sickness is in the household
we're gonna get because you're in the
same house yeah hi mom
you're a pretty good guy Hey look at me
when I'm talking to you see I'm over
here hey did you like that give me up
yeah I was thinking we need to get him
on back for night didn't I see Matt chat
I think I need to get put a poopy diaper
in dad's face are you only talking look
at the person that has food so love can
get some nice everything - thank you so
much feels so much feeling better get
lots of rest breathe through your nose
and in your mouth if you want to get all
this knife out be the best okay be that
yes we can be like our baby hey guys so
I just edited today's vlog and I just
forgot to wrap it up last night I want
to do things to include you guys in the
videos more so yesterday on snapchat my
snapchat name is May I'm with Sam I
asked you guys to send me snap that I
would share in the vlog I'm gonna share
some of us tomorrow since this one's
already gonna run long by the way some
of the vlogs have been the kind of
longer like 15 to 17 minutes 17 minutes
you guys cool with that or like I try to
keep it on attendance any do I'd like to
include you guys more and so I think
doing snapchats everyone so well
including those just like even going
back and forth would be really fun
obviously we want to do hangouts
continue to do things like comment of
the day and like I said on Sunday I want
to give a shout out every Sunday to like
a channel that I'm enjoying or one that
I just recently found if you have any
other ideas - let me know cuz I just
want to make things fun for everyone and
Jenn still drinking lemonade I'm saying
you drinking straight from that
come to our house done drink the
lemonade or else you're kissing gent
okay alright guys hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog we kind of laid low just
because know uh a little bubby needs
rest
we did get out a little bit just because
it's good to get fresh air and he loves
getting out but we don't want to get him
more sick or get other people sick so
hope you guys had fun we love you guys
thanks for always being here for us
see you later peace a song time
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're everything
that I need I want your hot love and
emotion see dance I'll dance I'll dance
out the secret clip dance out dance I'll
dance out secretly dance out dance act
now I'm off my beat yeah just go use
them to us our rhythm yeah yeah you some
too are you Chad Oh what about it has
anyone under a video where you're
supposed to like mimic different dance
styles like dances challenge video
no just let's make that a thing guys
let's make that a thing
