what are you guys passionate about
though and are you doing something
proactive with what you're passionate
about all right put this going on the
internet how old do you think I am gonna
space look in space how old 424 kaylee
do you know how old I am in the back
knowing no way I know how old are you
know guys I'm
guys you've got a sick baby on our hands
will die we decide to venture on this
YouTube full time and then we all get
sick well besides me I'm still going
strong hopefully I don't get it next I'm
really hoping it doesn't last very long
for him because for sandwich lasted
about a week and people keep saying it's
been asking about a week and my friend's
little girl just had it into the last a
week and I'm just like no please don't
last week you're still in good spirits
today love you I hope you guys are all
feeling well and not getting this cold
that's just going around everywhere cuz
that's it for like everyone's getting it
right now Tameeka we have a problem we
got a note on our door not too long ago
because last week but they were immature
the water off and we forgot and some of
us maybe have to go to the bathroom like
that I have to go that no one ever said
that but Jen's coming up with ideas and
I did not like the sound of any of them
and you shouldn't either you are what
who are you I thought I hear you oh yeah
I thought I knew you know it let me
borrow one of your diapers that was that
one what are your ideas ya know feel
like I'm back on my mission in the
Dominican Republic nothing against the
Dominican Republic but my the time you
didn't have water electricity at least
we got electricity isn't Dancing this
around the house because he has to go
some bad do exercise where are you going
it the water's turned off don't you love
how you can buy every toy in the world
and me baby just doesn't care whole
thing of toys over there but then this
happens
and he's been playing with it for like
ten minutes so the sams on operation
operation flushed and had to go to the
store to get another jug of water to put
in toilet
most expensive trip to the bathroom
operation plus the toilet worked we
decided to get some fresh air and i'm
showing Noah kinda this a long time ago
a couple months ago but what a
basketballs like he was kind of scared
of it at first cuz I was dribbling it
really hard what is that sad basketball
go ahead touch it that's cool huh yeah
okay that's cool huh I dribble it when
you get older off to get you a little
mini hoop little fisher-price one that
you can dunk on now don't eat it don't
eat it hit it back to me I love when he
gets on his little knees like this thank
you to every nice good job buddy let's
see how long you can stand for it I
couldn't tell I thought your hand is
here no it wasn't there that was him the
entire time I really yeah i just made
him a jug tower but he doesn't seem to
know this yet knock it down get it Oh Oh
where's your one kind of teaching that
really him I don't know this is what you
find at trader joe's meatless corn dogs
jen is that a dream come true or no I
know because really what
anyways lots of meat huh Bobby imma miss
you tonight I'll see you guys soon okay
love you have fun yeah hollister alright
so I'm headed down I'm gonna go see
Casey's hush film premiere tonight I'm
really excited that I live close enough
that it's just so easy to get over there
I'm also excited because I know this is
something that Casey is super passionate
about and I love people that are
passionate about things and that
actually explore and and do those things
so I'm excited for that because I know
it's gonna be good and just seeing
people put their heart work and soul
into their passions it's motivating it
really is cuz that's what I'm trying to
do right now yeah thank you so so very
much making a bootleg copy of the video
you guys support us with more than just
support us we do YouTube videos we blog
our daily lives and uploaded to the
Internet and we've been doing it for
four years which is crazy but it's been
awesome and the reason I actually
started doing that for years ago was
because my brother che convinced me that
one day I could make a youtube hunting
chat and I thought he was crazy when he
told me that the reason that most people
don't enjoy honey or don't know honey is
because they don't understand it okay we
just had the movie how would you guys
subscribe what we just watched
inspirations cuz I mean we kind of I was
cracking a couple jokes before the movie
sir I was like hunter show up early I
was here like 30 minutes early and I was
like the last person here and I was also
joking that I felt like a fish out of
water which is kind of true too corny
jokes I thought that was intense oh yeah
it was good
yeah I almost started to actually but
you guys might remember them they were
at Jenna cos race when we did a half
mirror when she did a half marathon and
she was all sweaty apparently like the
worst rates of her life yeah you guys
got somewhere for it oh yeah it's nice
for us yeah it's for you guys nothing
too fancy okay well we won't read it on
camera but I want Jen to see that you
guys are here both of you for your
family they were hoping for something
like not another sweaty gin and they
said you're not even here general so now
you're being a good mom oh by the way we
found a crane game so I have to do it
one dollar at stake I've never done
balls before so I don't think this will
work out well I feel like the squishy
balls in the easier probably this is
terribly that lined up
come on come on oh that's why you don't
play ball I think they're impossible
that's okay dude look at that shirt he
wanted to look kind of what I miss you
look like a hunter he you look like a
hunter's wife don't know if the other
joggers bitter part i needa shouldn't
get my mustache he's josh's this is who
i went and visited yesterday and I told
you guys about there is now I can film
you except this really work wait now
this is all right Rick no time you know
we're neighbors though so I what I need
to do is actually learn how to hunt and
then let Josh grillak we've really good
at throwing together a 51 now have you
go have you been hunting I told everyone
say next me if I did win the bow that's
how I started like automated my calling
professional hunter started especially
that package they talked about like
creating a commercial about someone win
was a win guided hunt yeah what I'm
talking about cool good to see you guys
you everyone yeah we need to hang it I
want to take her in an alternator wait
there you go Holt's a field trip she
needs a girls trip I'll watch Noah oh
wait to new friends I don't even know
you guys names I'm Sydney but first they
have their priorities straight cuz the
first thing they said was where's Noah
yeah yeah like okay Oh Romo's
i dead from utah yes punters no no but
my brother is so sweet Davis story is
this blog shy vlog mr. now sure can blog
in that if you don't like me okay
alright if you guys don't hear the story
it's cuz I didn't like it oh but you
come so far okay yeah maybe I'll burn
him out oh okay keep going anyway I had
a dream I had a baby and he looked
exactly know what and if my life was
made because he is the cutest baby ever
good story I'm keeping it yeah good
little nose sick right now though shot
twice I cuz he's a go slowly I didn't I
know a relationship goals say hi to the
fam occur just at the house on fire and
sambuca showed up chef support much it
out I told everyone else I wouldn't
become a hunter if I want any of the
rascals I got a camera y'all good start
good start man hmm i'll see you guys
this weekend though probably say what's
up one word to describe tonight like the
movie the feeling get out of my mask
that's more than one word I just think
he's he is so passionate about like what
I passion that is my word that is my
word passion guys email tonight I was
blown away by how passionate everyone
was yeah and Carly still doesn't know
who i am i just felt we follow each
other we follow each other dude this is
my guy though this is my guy Best
Dressed Thank you Thank best-dressed
look at this yeah they told me movie
premiere hey I've been through something
nice right and then I come and everyone
to camel so I've been to three different
movie premieres in the past like three
months and I've worn one of them are
wear jeans is the biggest mistake of my
life everyone is wearing suits dude you
look good Best Dressed for sure for sure
all right but this going on the internet
how old do you think I am
look at this pace how old 424 kaylee do
you know how old I am in the back twin
owing no way I know how do you know guys
I'm my girl a mustache back out gotta go
the mustache back out that's what people
say sooo nice racks gun I can't see
Sam's legs though cuz he has on camel
how are you feeling by the way I feel
all right I hopefully I'm not contagious
I just hugged you guys slamming okay i'm
here with shailene and kurt i recognize
them because i read everything twitter
and on youtube and dude what's up guys
dietbet yep if you in the one right now
no I'm yes I even what I'm not doing too
good yeah i'm awesome like that is
amazing so i'm actually lost me too
sinemet that's awesome i'm at the first
week I don't know how that bass woody
Stacy d sx day sorry you guys just blog
to your hundredth all he said yep for
101 internally so what's your channel
shailene am Kurt shailene and kurt i'll
put a link in the description awesome
you guys can go check them out they seem
we just kind of met but they seem to be
so sure plus I need a diet bet slusher
that's awesome cool again
no awesome may or may not have one
worked together another one you never
know you guys have a crazy opportunity
come in come over here come over here
come over here come over here all right
so what's going on so contacting us the
other day and they want to put us on a
television series something that we want
to show the world can be anything be
anything something that so they've vlog
a vagina what is something that they can
show well what should it be youtube
related Yeah right is that do they have
other people on youtube yeah they do
it's gonna be it's all people from
YouTube oh ok so they live in Utah guys
we need to work together yeah them the
best two to three minutes I think of
something interesting that they should
talk to you keep in mind as you do list
really realistic and hunting Unchained
repeat just talking I'm just talking to
casey about that okay all right generate
ideas post them in the comments awesome
we'll look at every single one of those
guys if you come up with an idea want to
set up a skype date yeah figure
something out cool let's do it okay
sorry I've been m.i.a this was in the
video yes this week just so you guys
know this is actually a bowl I'll see
you once again good job Clarissa I
delivered your letter well I read it
with Jen I love this because
140-character tweet just isn't long
enough and we'll definitely hang that up
on the wall so that I get to see you
guys James like I look pudgy in this
picture girl you just run a
half-marathon I don't know what you
talking about no just let her though
yeah hope we see you guys again soon a
lot of you guys had some great ideas for
games samick olympics things that we can
do no that's one of them animal noises
no laughing I'm everyone I wanted to
talk first though about the movie
tonight this movie tonight caseys I felt
it and i'll tell you why I grew up I'm
not a hunter I grew up in Illinois moved
to Utah and I was like cool
there's a lot of sweet things to do here
I didn't get really too much into it
just because I didn't think I'd have
time like I didn't think I to be here
that long but I watched Eric in Casey's
videos tonight and I'll tell you one
thing you don't need to be a hunter to
feel the passion that was involved in
making those videos I was on the edge of
my seat for the whole thing just like I
loved seeing them go through the
struggle through the excitement through
every single moment it was amazing it
was more than just about hunting it was
about so many different things and being
passionate and sharing that passion with
others it was incredibly inspiring I
wish Jen could hang on I know i'm really
sad i dinnae i get to go gentle it's me
I have all the fun of course that's okay
hey you said you're gonna wake up
tomorrow nvidia yeah i'm waking up Noah
because Jen's let me sleep in and get
better from my sickness but this was
awesome and I think Casey's gonna post
his video on youtube so you guys will
have to go check that out when he does I
know some people are against hunting I
know some people wanting I love it I'll
be honest yeah you don't love it some
people are like really against it I was
with one girl tonight i didn't get what
her name was she was friends with diana
and logan and she's like hey I'm vegan
and I was like waffle in it and she was
feeling it yeah honestly it was
inspiring I just love people that share
their talents their passions they're not
afraid to I know I haven't always been
good at that but it was inspiring it was
pretty cool yeah made me think yeah do
what you love and love what you do this
is that so inside the other day the
coming like a look Jen gets crazier than
make your thoughts like loopy hired for
the night a sad baby all day yeah you've
been a good mama he was sad to me what
are you guys passionate about though and
are you doing something proactive with
what you're passionate about I can say
that I am cuz I'm doing this right now
I'm talking to you guys and it doesn't
have to be something that you're making
you're living your career you know just
hai kabhi you know that is a hot one
windy finally I i'm gonna show my art
yeah jen said today i walked and she's
like I'm ready to show my art
hallelujah I love you who don't yeah I'm
kind of tempted to like do more
portraits absolutely absolutely my dad
talked to me when I was younger about
talents cuz like i don't know i was just
a stubborn kid and i kind of wish I'd
done more with my life and that's why
I'm doing it now so I'm doing it now so
what do you guys know Jenna do what you
love and love what you do okay I got
some coming to the day speaking of my
dad let's hear the comments of the day
there's multiple dad 50,000 subscriber
dance party dad chill out man come on
dad come on man Lexi and Shelby said I
hope you guys got my letter we will
check the mail tomorrow and and share
more of that Oh what out in the cold
white Sam well I'm saying back Nicole
hey you never sweat or smell bad thanks
for hanging out with those guys we love
you whoa I feel like I'm cross-eyed
right now bad I need to work on my
animals will see us tomorrow love you
guys such a song time
eyes on you do everything that I see
y'all Joe Hart love and emotion
endlessly I can't get over you you're
everything that I need I want your heart
love any motion it's the we gotta but
now I do little teeth smiles
