are you as excited as I am I can't do
Summer Olympics I'm already pissed
this little booger is literally climbing
on everything like he had nothing to
climb on and he still was able to stand
up what how did you stand up there hey
how did you stand up how'd you do that
there's nothing to pull yourself up with
he's obsessed I hide it all the shoes in
the closet now oh there he goes
guys I'm a little worried he woke up
with kind of some snot and like he kind
of had a little bit of a cough and I'm
hoping crossing my fingers that its
teeth related and not Santa was saying
that although I'm so grateful he's made
it seven months seven a half months
without getting a cold happy birthday
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear mom's less oh gee happy we get
there I'll get there ha
nose here too he's saying in his head
he's smiling you keep smiling at the
phone happy birthday oh gee I think you
need to work on that I think you need a
little more work I think you need a
little bit of work on that singing from
that what's up YouTube fam I don't even
know if I can still call today the first
day of the rest of my life because I
still don't feel like myself
but I'm rounding that corner and I have
so much that I want to do but I can't
get it done all at once so I'm kind of
chipping away at the block one piece at
a time and today we're hoping to get
part of the famous koala but I'm also
hoping to clean up the edit of the birth
vlog we're trying to get materials to
get the family co-wallow up I'm really
excited cuz you guys have sent in a ton
of cool art things to hang up yeah you
guys see I shaved and now like it's
showing how like messed up my faces from
using so many Kleenexes man that's
disgusting
anyways I also got to stop by and say hi
to a friend named Josh who I haven't
seen in a while because I'm a terrible
person a terrible friend so now that I
have a little bit extra time I was like
man I need to stop by where Josh works
and say what's up so Josh thanks for
taking the time to talk to me hopefully
I didn't get you in trouble and I didn't
record it because some people don't like
showing where they work and things like
that you know this I'm hold on them
log in here look at that all the doctor
sees all the dr. Seuss books are only
five dollars at Target right now we have
to come back and see they're sold out if
there's a wocket in my pocket
so I went to the post office I checked
out the P o box I wanted to get
everything that was there so that we can
start getting this payment Kowal up and
get you guys art up Noah's gonna help me
open one right now
you know p'n it was a paper Oh
just kidding not opening it today this
is from Mara in Florida what is it are
you kidding what I have officially no
reason to ever leave this house again
are you excited you say it as I am
yeah we gotta get this hooked up I'm
gonna try this out maybe we should have
a little competition cuz I'm doing
diapers tomorrow Mara that is so nice I
got the crane set up I just need to get
batteries and candy and I think we might
need to have a little competition
tonight what do you say I mean when yeah
confidence that you can beat me well let
no doing - maybe Mara this is amazing
this is negative cause think someone's
ever given me in my whole life
how do they know what he was a pretty
cool gift - yeah like you said welcome
to my room so we've been thinking about
putting the fam'ly Kowal right there
obviously we can't there-there's a
window or worry that stuff will follow
them if it's there and that wall is kind
of small we've already changed our mind
nemco walls gonna gone this wall yeah
actually cool like from this door post
to that door post just had the whole
little area and then put his Jordan
pictured on this wall because the exam
gets nervous putting them on this wall
yeah I know baby so rightly so though
they're not gonna fall off for like
what's that movie that's everything bad
always happens found explanation I love
destination I've never even seen it what
is the picture frame fell on well maybe
we could put like a soft your canvas one
up there like like that's like something
above is better for sure okay I thought
you don't want anything like put such an
empty wall though shout out to Eddie
for this amazing drawing of blue dog
we're trying to figure out what we
should do like put them like this like
opposite or on the both the same side we
almost matches though like the squares
story I'll put the Chipotle hard-up I
want to put that up in the kitchen
progress okay this is taking longer than
we thought yeah we're trying to organize
everything that you guys have sent like
there's so many things I'm cutting some
of them out like so we can like overlap
a little Andy really sweet because ever
you know like that that's one of my
favorites I'm gonna so I love that oh
that's so sweet so I'm gonna run to the
store real quick because we need more
quark quark board more cork board and if
I want a little bit of a filing thing to
put all of your letter so I can keep
them all safe and nice because we have
literally every letter you guys have
sent us when got candy we don't like
cookies or sweets I just don't like
cookies or sweets a little no you ready
to play the King game love that baby
yeah this is actually really good
because now I won't eat the candy
because it'll be trapped inside the
little bit you have to work for the
candy you can't just grab it
Oh Jenna can't even grab any simply
catch me trying to shove my part here
that we get okay well we can't put too
much you're off the column move
you know it's really baby nothing get me
is you know how I'm spatially challenged
with like depth yes that's what's gonna
kill me because I thought I think you're
especially challenged with more than
just depth
whatever but I thought it was over the
little hole and it was remember you want
to practice round what are you talking
no one is gonna make sure the batteries
are working whatever I just we're gonna
go mano-a-mano tonight this might be the
intro to the next amico Olympics we'll
see
and on that farm he had a cow e-i-e-i-o
with a what does the Fox say
and what does the Fox say
and what does the Fox say yeah yeah yeah
yeah you know they're here everyone home
make done singing makes the diaper going
a lot easier abstractions distractions I
need like powder and things just like so
much easier so many buttons on pajamas
so many came the Sun and
we'd like to bring back to read you a
little stair up we'd like to bring back
the same echo and picks at some point
yeah do another round this is actually
like this is my Redemption the Olympics
we're going on the Sun last year no sir
tonight we are going to compete no you
guys aren't in the claw machine we've
decided that we're gonna do three coins
each whoever gets the most candy wins I
think you're gonna only get one candy
per coin I think once you get it in it
stops that's what we're gonna do tonight
whoever gets the most place your bets
right now in the comments who do you
think is gonna win
no cheating Sam or Jenna cannot it's not
sure this is a completely different
ballgame
Jenica is adding an additional three
musketeers makes it very hard to grab
will do Rock Paper Scissors to see who
goes first
yeah scissor shoot Rock Paper Scissors
shoot
perfect I didn't want to go first Oh
what so that's good nothing diapers two
days forever no because you still have
any doubts all do two days in a row
whoa or I'll just help out normally
there's no there's no costume no we
ought to put something on this put
something on this no yeah we got we got
to talk about something that we're
putting on this okay Jen said it the
loser has to eat one of these berries
with Si Racha no a little sriracha not
long not with my not put more scratch on
it
she we couldn't think of anything good
so next time
when we do something like the same
McCulloh because you guys can come up
with good things for us like right you
should run out in public and do
something crazy to get last time high
trophy and Oh checking everyone else we
didn't do one to meet Dre yeah one turn
each as you can see Jenna's for three
tokens
Jen's ready for her run wow I just
realized that you could get two candies
in one go thank you something one up for
me thanks Jen
begin okay you don't have to go all the
way over though
I set that up for you
seriously I do that for you I did that
that's my sucker yeah you are right now
okay I did that that's my sucker
I set that up for him I hate it I can't
do same Olympics I'm already pissed I
can't do this I can't I can't
one two zero no let's go round two you
saw two guys yourself do you coins
because I am just and fair I will go
next
I will go second just which means I
could set it up you know like she kind
of set up for me I could set it up for
her this time
so let me go second again just so you
guys know I apologize I'm oh really so
we'll do this again I'll go two coins
back to back then you'll do yours back
to back okay are you can choose since
your first I could won that one
that that doesn't which makes it hashtag
team save I'm bringing the same Huckle
and pigs back I know I'm bringing sama :
pigs back yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm
already over this come in here right now
I'm using the crane game machine sure
she's got cool shirt on
oh yeah her Bulls shirt on shirt
I'm going again if I need to go again
that's it you have to get two though you
realize that
okay I'm gonna go buy oh gosh seriously
I would drop it
it was my kidding no I meant to like
push it down this way no one can get it
comment of days from unboxing John it
made me laugh pretty hard it said I get
sick Oh everybody leave me alone nobody
talked to me close the blinds don't
touch me
like that Sam gets it I'm going to dye
my beard and see if Jim notices hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog will definitely
bring back the same ik a limp ik soon if
you have any ideas for things that we
can compete in you'll definitely do that
we're also going to start recording
those different challenge videos and
posting them on each other's channels so
you can sick you have a little smile
love you Bobby I'm able to kiss his pig
space and forever
okay daddy did love you guys I'll see
you tomorrow
say base just long time
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you and Oh AHG hey why
Noah gray
