Showtime
good morning sweet world today is that
some people say the first day of the
rest of my life and I feel terrible now
i'm rounding the corner and today is
presents day a little noah look at you
you wear an ape shirt your cousin Abe
he's wearing it for presidents sake is
Abe get it Abraham Lincoln and it's kind
of patriotic that's why I voted on a
mistake you had it seize the day people
has go we really don't get sick like
this that often this box expires in two
thousand eleven so that just kind of
shows you last time I used it it would
help you to fam my moustache is kind of
gone long I even shaved it since
playlist live and I kind of got a little
beard going it's pretty gross but I
thought it would be funny the diet and
see if Jen notices so she is hanging out
with their cousins right now with noah
and i just uploaded and edited the vlog
and i'm gonna die this and see what
happens my friend Alex sent me this
during november he's like dude I don't
know what he said but he sent it to me
so gonna do it and I will record her
reaction and see if she actually notices
to I just recorded that didn't record
hey cuz it was lots and memory locked
well my dinners in it we're here at the
present Jordan's house with Jordan with
jordania in China and breathe freeze
here's what and her fiance here's what I
guess with his name is Bradley Bradford
and Noah come here let me know why
trippy oh sorry no one crime shot no oh
I can see your teeth in there
no uh hey maybe I can get you guys to
see his teeth villa smile look at my
side let me knew it no I smile oh did
you see my name how can you see Ellie
I'm so obsessed with his teeth it's
really funny ya know what look in your
mouth stop chewie he's kind of obsessed
with Brad like really obsessed with all
right it's funny baby that doesn't like
him either image Cassie okay so you guys
know no one's happy right now I have it
on this is it this was a terrible idea
what the runny nose cuz i have to sneeze
so better now i can't oh I don't even
know if this is working yeah they're
about to get married in like a month
when they're never did you eat just
getting march twenty ha hey guys that if
I can wear his belt I want to see it but
you have any pictures of it yeah cuz he
was alone and you're sure is really
creepy it looks darker I look like a
mess look like I just had a chocolate
shake are you game TV off the rag guys
to Jesus I don't know I guess it looks
darker it's not that much darker this
this is just medium dark brown we'll see
if Ted notices terrible idea to do all
you have a cold by the way I don't know
what I was thinking let me see your
teeth I think we're gonna go to dinner
too I really take peek except for what's
with the back that you knew that they
can hire back oh that Hades that's me
the top of
oh one baby that doesn't like Brad he's
up there she's my baby I didn't like bad
no haha make some mattei and put a
little bit of honey in it hopefully that
will clear my sinuses because everything
I've done so far hasn't worked I mean
usually when i get sick like this it
only lasts like a day or two it's really
lingered I also notice that this is
definitely darker and jen is definitely
gonna notice and we'll see how she
reacts any moment now just like in the
movies I don't know that's what I always
think of when I see this Avenue you guys
her sweater is 3d the eyeballs their
actual eyeball no but they're like AB
July volatilize I like it it's kind of
creepy two eyeballs all of your shirt Oh
sexy can't I just hide in my man hey
let's deal with another pantalones
that's the cameraman now you start it
that's the cameraman yep oh no no you
get I'm gonna get it right now losing
treasure darlin so he's gonna film Noah
okay ready let's go yeah let's go no no
no oh no here's the puppy where you
going he wants that stuff no no you're
so close your n DS almost came out yeah
a date oh yeah there's mix it up onto
the bed okay epic shortly don't be so
cool
one people why are we going to roll over
your head over your hat oh hey hey hey i
guide you love your hat dad oh yeah he
likes it now yes I bet you would love
this in front of the TV seriously did
this thing before oh my god nobody's
high stone wall he's to you she's like
why is he in my swing do you notice
anything different about me do you mean
do I look different to you know already
hmm why what just wondering no I missing
anything just just pulling just asking
Jennifer with different at all ha
totally different you know what you do
it's nothing just just asking you look
you look pretty you look pretty you
always look pretty no fun thanks i'm
gonna better than yesterday I do I like
better than this way i think i look
better even than like four hours ago yo
you don't notice anything different what
did you do what did what is it did you
hear her cut yeah
dude I you're visually and I my mustache
not yet it just for men and they
inspired by Dejan and Logan did you dial
yeah I guess you know I just died
everything and for some reason it's just
like oh my gosh now I can tell hahaha in
the world your moustache looks the same
but that soul patch she looks beautiful
yo I'm apolo anton ohno baby hmm let's
go speed skate you die this listing I
died everything just didn't do two hours
the terrible decision is making my whole
face burn because it's all chapped yeah
that's probably a bad idea yeah my gosh
you're so weird took you forever to
point out million times yeah why
everyone else can tell yeah you can look
at our net baby no one has noticed oh I
don't know people keep their mouths shut
I'm talking about the viewers everyone
watching right now you know us how many
of you guys well because you filmed it
well maybe but you can still see a
difference I mean tell me tell me if
it's not obvious no no it's obvious as
darker but looking at you it doesn't
look Dirk no camera does know even
notice he was like dead your soul patch
is so dark well nothing that's gonna be
good day que paso it looks haha that's
the dark blue bottle bot you use your
soul patch that's the darkest part on it
we're here oh my I'm isolated because
I'm sick but I think that this will make
me feel a lot better at the lyc√©e
gotcha
steam the no I want some you want some
would you get done you save it whatever
is green water what kind of sandwich
sauce right here though same goes for
swirl Tim business twirl it tastes
better like this year then when we had
at home all right solvents doing
together here oh my that's what's called
oh my I don't really feel much better
but hopefully cleared up the sinuses a
goody-goody couple things my mustache
beard thing is disgusting it needs to go
tomorrow it's disgusting canary to keep
it going you didn't notice it yeah I
know that was like half of today's vlog
number two what are some home remedies
that you guys truly believe in I've done
a little bit of everything i really
think i'm rounding the corner i think
tomorrow i'll be a lot better but what's
something that always makes you feel
better when you're sick like this people
are saying ginger lemon and honey number
three we just watched one of our
favorite shows and he shows better call
Saul that and I love when there's Easter
eggs i'm gonna show you exactly what I
mean Easter eggs for example in a screen
capture from today's show there was a
number for James M McGill he's like law
office right there and it's a real
number it's not 555 so we're gonna call
it right now k we tucked it in 505 a
four to five six six two
over 30 New Mexico oh you've reached the
Law Offices of James M McGill Esquire
lawyer you kindly leave your information
at the tone and mr. McGill will phone
you promptly James you're on samokov
vlogs say what's up all right we'll talk
later peace how sweet is that you
actually call the number you see on the
screen in the show and you get their law
office I want to call nachos phone
number you gotta lick that up a lot of
you guys were cracking me up with your
comments a lot of you guys use canvas
that's amazing meron Bros what's up man
in structure is clearly a cover-up we
all know that Sam really works at the
CIA well I speak another language so
there's another tell that I might
actually work missy i would that be a
cool story someone that's vlogging there
every day but really they work for the
CIA don don don don she just head-butted
me like sorry twice turn yet I think you
have to shave ugly facial hair this
really needs to this is disgusting I
like it it's fun reading about all you
guys using canvas and blackboard and all
sorts of things I'm gonna try and get a
regular upload schedule going i'm not
sure what time yet it'll probably be in
the morning my time and then you guys
can just watch it whenever you want
during the day your time hope you guys
had a wonderful day we have a lot of fun
planned for this week on wednesday we're
gonna go see Casey's film i don't think
you're gonna go though i think you back
in time someone watch Noah I'm gonna go
on a mini road trip this weekend too so
anywho hopefully I feel better and we'll
let solid it put oh he's almost got like
a peace sign up please I'm It's Showtime
such a song time going on
on you do everything that I see y'all
johar love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you Showtime shut
