this is where I work this was like the
break room area this is pretty cool made
out of styrofoam boxes it's like a big
transformer beautiful views it's a great
place to work it really is and work here
again but part of my life I need to
explore that's the beauty of working
with people that encourage that this
place is awesome really is a great place
if you ever looking for a job you're
qualified come market and structure you
know it's a good place when they got one
of these one last shot baby the bank is
open and this first major foosball games
went down people are serious here you
got the handles taped they got those all
lubed up and ready to go it's just a
crazy competitive spirit there's even a
camera there you can see see that camera
so that the people that set it up they
can see if anyone's on the table and if
they can come play or like who's been
there too long and stuff but this was
actually a really nice way to just kind
of unwind you know when you're stressed
out it can play a game it's pretty sweet
you know things are right when you got
this in the table right you see that ya
see that yes say that the best gummy
bears I've ever had in my life right
there I don't know what kind they are
think they might be tropical flavored
but they are delicious just one of the
reasons why I gained so much weight get
like 10 to 15 pounds working here
some of you probably love questions like
wait where did Sam work and what did Sam
do I worked at a company called
instructure i nst are you si tu r e
located here in Utah in structure has a
product called canvas if you're in
college or even maybe in K through 12
school I guess I covers just about
everything you may have used something
online a lot of people are familiar with
blackboard that's like the number one
competitor but we have canvas which is
obviously the cooler learning management
system so yeah what it does is actually
I mean all you guys were like oh yeah
I've used canvas I don't like canvas or
I like canvas or I hate blackboard you
had blackboard stinks but what it is is
basically when you register her class
like for me when I was a huge on state
and I took a college course i would also
be enrolled in that on canvas that's
where we returned in our homework
sometimes we would have quizzes the
syllabus is posted there so it's a way
to have your classroom online and yeah
that's where I worked I didn't work at
an Adobe I didn't work at oh it's
everything else people would say a
parking garage it wasn't CIA I'm trying
to think of the other places where you
guys thought I worked Oh was it video
game design I wish that'd be cool now I
worked at canvas in structure and it was
a really good job it was fun basically
what I did was make sure that everything
was running while I wasn't like coding
or anything like that when problems
would arise I would go into the rescue
the work itself was you know it was
rather mundane the day-to-day work what
I would do but the atmosphere is what
made it really fun and cool the people I
worked with really sweet I enjoyed
everyone there just celebrate like every
single sorts of things that you could
celebrate it was just kind of like what
I like to do as a person as well and
like you saw in the past North nerve
fights there was the game room upstairs
which I it and the past you got feller
thought like oh yeah Sam Burgess
scooters around and that's fun all day
it wasn't even close to that I was
working all day and then everyone smile
you could you know have a little bit of
fun so it's sad to leave that behind
right now who knows follow her be back
there in the future I'm not sure I loved
working there it's a great place to work
so if you are
the atty area are looking for a job you
should look at in structure they're
awesome tell him I referred to you I'll
get you hooked up if you have heard of
canvas or use canvas post in the
comments as I'm interested to see how
many of you guys do maybe our paths
crossed while I worked there you never
know if you guys have any other
questions about that though feel free to
post in the comments I'll answer them I
can answer them in a video I can respond
to you right there in the comments but
yeah that's where I worked no longer a
secret it's not even that cool to secret
but I like I said I just liked it I
wanted to be professional I didn't want
to just like you know I feel like
there's certain things you need to keep
private so that was one of them just to
you know be good working professional
and now I'm really blue happy b sunday
everyone me know we're just having lunch
hey we just got back from church a
little while ago and now we're eating
lunch and just hanging out for a bit and
playing no was kind of fussy his bottom
teeth are breaking through not the
happiest of campers today but he's not
as fussy as I thought he would be I mean
Sam is actually still asleep it's
currently one o'clock in the afternoon
and he's still asleep because he's just
not feeling well still yesterday and
today he's been so sick I don't know
we're supposed to go to my uncle's for
dinner they invited us down for dinner
but don't know if we're gonna make it
cuz so sir sup YouTube fam I felt very
sick over the last couple days just like
my throat and everything that's starting
to clear up I've been sleeping I got
probably 12 hours of sleep today took
naps and stuff so I got 12 hours sleep
yesterday I'm trying to channel my inner
spirit animal I just don't have gym here
yet I think if she was on my shirt I'd
probably feel better already this guy he
just gone around playing with dad today
huh see hi everybody he said hey seddie
yeah anyone
hey hey aah hey I don't know how you can
say no to this little guys you see
something cute should be taking a nap
right now but and said I'm on them call
around and schedule Dwight Schrute
you're going I have to trim that up bubs
we might have to trim that bother me and
you dvds brighten up this bad again he
says you can't make him laugh yeah it's
good look at that hey by day favorite
it's been kind of a crazy day especially
when one parent feels bad I feel sick I
feel bad but Jen's really had to take
care of Noah this weekend I feel bad and
I miss you guys I've been resting a lot
trying to get better so i can be there
for y'all how's your teeth Noah you
won't give us an update yeah I see me
hardly fuss over these it's nothing he
did oh I just um I can feel how sharp
they are I just saw him when you did
that we sink through the camera I think
I kind of son ya know I think they're
through i don't know maybe this week
he'll be fussy i don't know i don't
expect that thought you'd be like he's
tired i can tell Tariana turned out
there he's ready for their names time to
sing a little good night Noah everybody
sing along let's go good night no we're
good night no
I know what you sleep on tonight sleep
well little know but I'm doing the
different parts no we love you very much
say goodnight my kiss his cheeks for you
there's the kiss for every single one it
you guys lap good night buddy he never
likes it when I tell good night at night
amen oh thank you thanks Cesar he pushed
his way from San cousins beards too so
he's like Oh get away from you dad your
kiss is scratchy we had but there are a
lot of good comments on this video I'm
not gonna lie but but Stacy and sub 0 on
you got comment of the day Sam woke up
looking like an inmate Jenica didn't pan
down for real look like Sam every looks
like an orange jumpsuit no shade though
Sam you clean up nicely I woke up black
dias another funny comment was Brittany
Wilson she's like oh quitting work
starting YouTube full-time no sleeping
tonight buying lots of sweatpants Sam
you're living the dream oh I hate
feeling sick guys I'm just gonna put it
in my head to feel better take all the
vitamin C rest everything I can and
tomorrow will be a great day tomorrow is
technically the first day of the rest of
my life right isn't that what they say
love my little family can't wait to have
adventures with them see you guys
tomorrow love you faith just long time
going on
on you you everything that I see our Joe
ha love emotion endlessly I can't get
over you secret clip if you're still
watching this when is your favorite time
to watch a vlog what it's like the
optimal time to upload a vlog is in the
morning 90 afternoon say a time that's
eastern time zone that way I kind of
know because i want to know because i'm
going to start applying the same time
every single day all right oh yes
