hey guys it's Saturday it's Valentine's
Day and for the first time in like
forever
I got Sam a present but it doesn't
happen often he had told me a few about
a few things that he liked - hmm
so I started to go try and find those
things here's my other little Valentine
he gave me the best present ever
sleeping through the night I'm
officially sleeping through the night
see it Noah I know I've been saying us
every day but I just I still just can't
believe it I'm in shock
hi stinker I love you
here's the bag of stuff but you can
return voice I woke up this morning
without a voice like I was like
anybody's dead weight he was gonna be on
the news but so I'm just gonna record an
album and Evan you hello everybody this
is Serbs I get your favorite jazz hits
so here's this by yourself deeper than a
fish on mckarrick don't want you I just
I mean you wanted this stuff if you
don't like it we can always return it
maybe Valentine's Day I think the rapid
or anything that's not classy I am well
I got a black pair in case you didn't
end up liking the camo pair this dance
is to try them I don't know you said you
wanted to try this fence well then I got
the sweat joggers that you wanted most
Richie band you supposing wear these
they're edgy back well whatever bed
right no one will be able to see me this
is my stretchy pants uh-huh are those
the ones you're talking about yeah
everybody's talking about my dark pants
I got my top pants
but no one can't see them hey cousin
camouflaging you can't see me you just
see the upper body and my head right
here they look good yeah I like them
everybody's talking about the top jeans
we got outside
everybody stop being bad I have got
attachments
oh wait where no ago you're such a dick
Sam how to go into work and clean up his
desk and all that's all that in jazz and
I think I might go over to my cousins
prove it look guys I bought a cantaloupe
oh I think I cut it open at the perfect
time
it's or to tell when these things are
ripe or not don't really know how this
works let's just do just like do this
today's my last day of work it's kind of
weird
it's kind of weird I must say I'm still
gonna be doing a lot but it's weird that
like this little small chapter in my
life is kind of coming to an end
well it was really important to
have you ever seen the game video game
portal this is the cake from it the cake
is a lie it's not really a real cake I
gave Noah some cantaloupe to try in his
little little fruit strainer pop thing I
can finally see this to bomb teeth and I
think they've been bothering him today
so I think this will feel good on your
little teeth let's kid will literally
eat anything
doors of opportunity right there
oh man
let's do this guy's hey hey mom are you
watching this right now I'm talking
about Jen not my mom but mommy you're
cool too
Jen will you be our Valentine Noah say
will you be my Valentine what should we
get mom for Valentine's Day I gotta go
get Jen something for Valentine's Day
I've been at work all day I guess I've
been slacking kind of in the past I've
had more robust things plans like last
year but we need to get to work buddy
we have a lot of work to do for
Valentine's somebody will get her
something right now
yo Valentine's Day is a funny day to me
it's a funny one because I've been on
both sides you know you have that loved
one you don't have that loved one how
many people really feel good on
Valentine's Day
no it's a great day it's a great day to
show more love to your peeps but you
should love them every day show
compassion love take care of them every
single day
some people like flowers some people
like chocolates some people like puppies
Jen likes fruit tarts fruit tarts is
that what they're called those little
pastries with like fruit on them
chocolate-covered strawberries crackers
last year I got her a vacuum that was a
good surprise I've kind of been slacking
this year I'm usually pretty good at
like getting Jen stuff for these these
holidays I'm kind of slacking so I'm
gonna go see what I can find that
so I saw what I wanted for Jen but it
was $28 for that fruit tart and I don't
know any free turn that's rich $28 she
would probably enjoy it but also hate me
in the process so I'm gonna check out
Trader Joe's see if I can get something
better
there that's cheaper Oh oh gosh oh gosh
oh man you got dust all over my black
pants pink dust mister mister you're
sure are cute Valentine I don't know
where my other Valentine is that was
daddy I think he's getting something for
me for Valentine's Day Valentine's
present ever
come on dance kissed it's all my prayers
I want
so about for half the price I just got a
whole bag full of goodies which is
awesome to ask mentions like sixty
degrees today what happened to winter we
haven't gotten it I know in Chicago my
mom and dad said it was like negative
1520 windchill today
yikes okay there's no like mega surprise
Valentine's Day gift this year maybe
next your first gift is right here I
think it's a print it off there you go
this is what else I got you right you
don't like the normal thing so I got
some snacks
I'm the reveal meets each one ready okay
this is from both of us so we need no in
here to come on things you never tried
actually except for this yes okay I was
really hoping we said you want these
yeah those are those banana and
chocolate things they're so good from
Trader Joe's this oh those are Power
berries yeah pomegranate berry it's
actually the time my cookies are sweets
we just don't buy cookies or sweets she
does
what's good oh we got some drinks
passion fruit mango yeah mix it up you
know baby I'm trying to be looting with
it sweets
well there was this like $30 tart that
was me it was worth $30 so I got you
like ten and eleven dollars worth of
cool snacks and goodies Sam look at
these yes no teaser s'mores frozen
sandwiches graham crackers with
marshmallow chocolate swirl gelato a
milk chocolate flakes we're just don't
buy cookies or sweet
this is when I wait for like like ass
thanks babe we're going out to dinner
all three of us it's a family Valentine
a bad time and Jen doesn't know where
we're going we're going somewhere super
special check around enough you just if
you dress nice enough for the bug it's
probably not something special at
McDonald's you know where are you past
McDonald chick-fil-a wow it isn't really
a bad assumption Flay I would do pretty
much anything are gonna I'm pretty
hungry give me a hint coming in you love
it I've been there before
didn't there before okay
I've been there before and perhaps
it sounds good do anything no I was just
thinking that that's like no I don't
wanna go there let's see it's really Mon
yeah yes on the phone I was kind of
hoping we'd get pizza yeah we're gonna
marry really Mon it's you know
Valentine's Day you don't have to take
the girl to the nicest restaurant you
just gotta take her too she likes
crackers look at
she is my cookies and sweets are still
get her some sweets and a little bit of
pizza really mo and her favorite BTS I'm
one lucky girl I get to Valentine
she loves that balsamic vinaigrette
Noah has started to figure out that his
little finger can feel and touch things
so he likes the touch everything
don't you know you don't eat that
I think you can be a right there yes
it's like what is this
you just tiptoes in them he doesn't walk
in well that's better buddy
do look so tan in this lighting
no no football
that's all this poor Wow mission get
Noah the show's chief you got a little
hipster outfit on his little lumberjack
shirt Mickey this was from one of you
guys has had his job and son all right
now we need to get him to open up his
mouth cuz he's got two little t furs
that are coming right here and he's in
slobbering all day I feel sharp this
kids getting teeth
you didn't teeth you're gonna get a
grill what do you uh I mean I could
strap him down and show you the right
teeth and it'll be easy for me okay I'm
about to get you a girl no never what do
you want Platinum girl
Valentine's date night watching I'm
still feeling pretty sick got your
little juices are so good having a
little sleepover love me
have a little sleepover in the living
room like we have to do we used to do
sleepovers all the time we do a mattress
mattress in the living room and then
just sleep out there and watch movies
and catch up on all our shows we've done
that a long time but I told him I said I
wanted to do it tonight and I said maybe
another time because I'm too tired
oh I just love my bed where it is do you
like Valentine's Day by the way do I
feel like I mean I feel like there's no
real point to it sometimes because you
love your whoever you is every day what
I'm sayin earlier today yeah yeah yeah
you need to show love every day it's
kind of fun that it's like well to make
sure there's a day to buy stuff for
someone but favorite Valentine's Day
do you remember any of the other ones
okay I really love last year because I
got my vacuum Veronica and I love the
year before teats they got Phillip
Phillip tickets no he's pretty big
Valentine's Day yeah not this year just
that yeah I love truth and that was a
good year to year before that or nothing
here
you're the box of crackers and stuff
that's right
I liked my treats oh my gosh so it's ice
cream is very pretty good this is my
first vonda yeah I'm wearing my pants my
first you're ever getting food
voluntours I think they treat me good
every day girl oh okay bye
flash-forward the next day we ended up
watching our shows going to sleep I'm
still kind of feeling achy which thinks
I hate feeling sick I just want to feel
better
ah but I did record myself at work and
I'm gonna show you guys that tomorrow
I'm gonna tell you guys where I worked
and I guess I'll kind of go into like
different things I did and I recorded
some there i justed included today's
vlog so so you guys that tomorrow say
hope you guys had a wonderful
Valentine's Day and that you loved you
OCS mom please
this whole time
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you you're enjoying it as
much as I am
