you said he was just Miley and laughing
at this it's not laughing you up I put
it everything all right buddy
no I just went down for nap and I'm
eating breakfast and ye breakfast of
course i watch youtube and i'm watching
Ralph and Lou right now we had like they
were in our videos over the weekend at
playlist live they're probably the
coolest people I've ever met what like I
haven't seen a lot of the videos cuz we
just want the minute I know who the work
and now i'm so happy that i know what
they are because they're felt like the
coolest people ever and watching the
video right now they're vlog from
yesterday well you guys are way too cool
if you guys haven't checked out Ralph
and we'll go check them out because they
are really cool Canadians I how much I
can I say cool but that's just what they
are they're so cool I think brick kept
saying that okay the words describe them
are extremely nice and sweet and so cool
uh yes I think I need to go have a
marathon of Ralph and Lou and blessing
at the best names in the world Ralph and
Lou come on I'm about to comment because
and I kind of like stopped them on
Instagram the other night I'm kind of
obsessed with Ralph and Lou right now
I'm think me and Brett are in the same
boat here I've been Rafa and Ralph and
Lou ified oh just walking over to my
cousin's house she called me just now
and I was like literally about to walk
out the door so we go hang out because
that's what we do movie France anyway
you guys it's official Noah sleeps
through the night can you believe it
he's got three nights in a row so we do
the night last night didn't wake up once
not once I'm so proud of him I'm so
grateful good job buddy which nd's
having longer naps it's crazy it's
insane maybe I shouldn't make fun yeah
ok guys my cousin's house is already
decorated hello someone commented on
there and we still have nothing on our
wall but it is because half of the stuff
they use for their actual wedding you
know for some reason we didn't Brown any
of our wedding pictures for our
reception which was really stupid
because we should have because then we'd
have stuff hanging up but look at this
it looks really cute and I love and we
have nothing on our wall stone was like
it looks so good now go help Sam a cuppa
up
seriously because we have nothing at our
walls wait what about the art would you
that are to make it so I made it oh wow
pumps are crappy i was when i was
talking outside was how he sleeping
through the night but it'll probably end
because i think his two bottom teeth
were brought to come through within this
month this next month i think they'll
pop through so good mine but he likes it
now he's you did that wanna try to roll
out fine I it's off Oh Kennedy's like
that what's happening here guys that's
baby my sweet yeah it's just look at me
look yeah it's juggling a little baby
he's just chillin it's like he's on his
throne yeah look at him heyo me hey
homie now we're at the mall I was at my
cousin's house and now we're at small
with my cousin brittany her friend Kim
and her cute babies I don't know what
we're shopping we're just going
you guys pass out
oh yes yeah no Beckett please see our
made out of Legos and their toenails are
painted red oh my gosh is hilarious toes
are painted red love it I like this
little scene oh oh I thought you could
put your hands through the holes and
play with them but you can't boo a hot
tub potty and potty and yeah then I'm
fun oh my gosh does she have like black
I'm like confused is she wearing like a
swimsuit or like what's going on back
there but ok he's even having a barbecue
did she do that who's your fun these are
fun ok let's go the next one Batman
princess the scary clown ooh this one's
cool is that kid that goes I should get
him some kid Legos that must have taken
a very long time to make Simpson Legos
the babies on the chimney ok Cece let's
see which ones you made what are their
names never named him yet they're in
love
yeah and so that look then oh girl get
it cute yourself ready CeCe said that
they're kissing she's living I'm here to
kiss Oh duck down duck down and pop up
where's where did TC go where did she
where did she go hahaha oh you crack me
up no was concerned about the crying
baby he's helping her just just Pinker
it was so cute he was like kneeling up
next to her bingo good friends no was
taking a ma'am he's had it is not for at
least 15 minutes I'm just shocked right
now you said he was just Miley and
laughing at this it's not i hope i put
it everything all right buddy hey
where'd my sous chef go i had my little
sous chef i'm a little sous chef in here
with me i decided to vlog myself cooking
since Sam always bought himself cooking
and I feel like people don't think I
actually cook but I do look I'm making
ravioli but that's okay it's like the
best bag ravioli I've ever had from
Trader Joe's and taquitos cuz it were
super classy like that taquitos in
ravioli tonight hope you have a good
dinner no but really this is probably my
favorite ravioli cuz it's fresh frozen
does that make sense but it's like not
like all combined like the sauce is like
in a little cute like it I don't know
why I just tastes so good I could
literally eat this pasta like ever
also I'm really enjoying leaving you
guys hanging right now he's like jen i
made a video in 22 and like hope they're
gonna be so mad here's Dwight Schrute
hair right now we jump forward to when
I'm editing this video yesterday I
really didn't feel too well I've kind of
been sick with that playlist live
playing I've seriously like this morning
I could barely even talk or blurt I
wasn't saying breathe I could breathe
one of the crazy things about doing
something on YouTube is just putting
yourself out there you put yourself out
there for praise for criticism whatever
might come your way and we uploaded two
videos yesterday the first one ended
with it to be continued and some of you
guys were like oh I can't believe you're
doing that to us and I could have waited
and drag this on longer but I wasn't
gonna do that to you guys um it was fun
though to kind of like put a little
cliffhanger a little telenovela
cliffhanger I am sitting here at work
I'm done working I haven't left yet
because I wanted to edit real quick but
this part it's over for right now it's
been really good to me and I'm gonna
tell you guys more about like what I did
at work and all that coming up I've kind
of just like hit it just because I
wanted to be like a professional
employee and you know just some
sometimes it's good to keep certain
things private I think even though I
felt sick and I've kind of been out of
it i SAT there we posted that video last
night then I laid down and I was
watching some basketball and reading
what you guys were saying it was
incredibly motivating it was touching it
was amazing how supportive you guys are
currently right now there's over a
thousand comments on that video i think
i read a couple that were like negative
a couple you know but most of them you
guys were completely supportive of us
you don't know how much that means to
have people behind you pushing you
saying we support you will be here for
you guys this is a big venture and to
have that kind of support from you guys
is amazing so I wanted to say thank you
if you guys have done anything in life
you know that it's so much easier when
there's people
behind you that believe in you Leah
people are still tweeting and I wish I
could respond to every single one of
these just know that we have read every
single one of them I'm going to continue
to read them and that's the other thing
I'm gonna enjoy is being able to really
get involved with you guys more with
like live hangouts just various things
like that it's gonna be really exciting
so thank you guys monday Monday is
officially the first day where we just
really this is what we're gonna do it's
gonna take a while to get things like
rolling because obviously we have been
busy but I can't wait to get it going we
have so many ideas and now it's just
putting him into play and making them
happen make it some fun videos happen
and making you guys happy because you
guys definitely have made our lives
better you've affected us in many ways
that you guys might not even know and I
and Jenna I know if Jen was here with me
right now she'd be saying the same thing
I'm reading some of the comments right
now and i mean ninety-nine percent of
you guys are positive i know there's
some people they get really upset when
people quit their jobs to do youtube
stuff thing is is that i'm not trying to
i don't want to just quit my job this
isn't about just quitting my job i'm
actually just freeing more time on my
career that I'm in right now you know I
want to be responsible person a
responsible employee give them my all
you know I sign up to work for them and
I want to be there for them Jenna and I
have talked about doing other part-time
work on the side for different companies
that will give us flexibility so it's
not like we're entirely just giving up
going home and like oh look at us we're
on YouTube it's nothing like that if
anything I've had a lot of creative
experiences in my life Jen studied art
and photography like I want her to
fulfill her dreams just as much as mine
we're lucky enough that they meshed
together and that it's something that we
can do together and I who wouldn't want
that who wouldn't want that I'm reading
things about people saying like everyone
struggles it's part of life and things
like that and absolutely and we're going
to continue to have struggles life does
not just become perfect and wonderful
for people in fact we're gonna have to
cut down on all the different things
that we do to make things work I
wouldn't have it any other way right now
and I'm not gonna die we're not gonna
try to be some unrelatable couple now if
anything I can't wait to do more
creative things that I've always wanted
to do the biggest thing in life is that
money is just so important to like stay
afloat you know I give to pay for rent
you have to pay for bills and pay for
the different things like that being
able to find creative avenues that will
help support that and I'm being real
with you guys it's just amazing to me
the fact that we can can do more
photography and art things this isn't
just like doing YouTube this is chasing
both of our dream things that we are
passionate about so I hope that we're
not misinterpreted with our intentions
or anything like that I actually have my
eye on some part-time work that I would
love to do if I could do it 15 to 20
hours a week that would even free things
up enough I like working I like doing it
I like providing for my family so I
don't know if this is all coming out and
making sense that's part of the reason
why I also want to have on top of our
channels just a podcast um I guess I
could tell you guys what else am I
should I tell you what I'm going to call
it I don't know but I want it to be like
more unscripted kind of like things that
you wouldn't find on the vlog that you
might find interesting I just was
reading one comment it's like then you
guys won't be living a normal life
anymore the reality is we're not living
a normal life right now working 40 to 50
hour weeks plus doing vlogs and and
other things I don't even talk about
church service and different things like
that like life is busy and it's gonna
continue to be busy I can't wait to be
honest like one thing and I talked to
jen about this is I can't wait to serve
others even more like I have no excuse
to not be able to be there for people to
help serve them to help people move to
help people paint their house to help
people to do different things I'm
excited about that and we're gonna
continue to talk about this we're going
to get things rolling I was in a say
comment of the day Oh totally I do have
a comment of the day though and I want
to share this Angie and Napoleon said no
way is her brother elder Guerrero and
did he serve a mission in Arizona if so
he was our missionary we thought we saw
him in the very small clip of you
getting your camera please let us know
Angie Napoleon Angie and Napoleon that
is Angie
true that's Jen's brother I when I saw
you guys say that last night I was like
oh my goodness I love instances like
this just shows you how small the world
is how much we're all connected and like
how much we can do for each other that's
amazing it's absolutely amazing that is
Andrew that's Jen's brother I'd always
like in finals for an acting competition
right now but I'm gonna send him a
picture of that so that he can get in
contact with you guys thank you for
being there for us thanks for caring
thanks for giving your opinion even if
you don't agree with our decision um I
love freedom of speech i love that
everyone has differences of opinions
that's what makes the world an
interesting place it would be boring if
we were all the same that's the truth
this is gonna be an incredible journey
um we'll see where it leads we want to
you know like i said leaving this job so
i can do more youtube I for some reason
I hate them the word like youtuber
because I want to do so much more than
that all right we want to be there for
you guys though so today's Valentine's
Day I'm wrapping up this vlog you guys
will see that tomorrow we love you guys
and we'll see you tomorrow please just
home
on you you everything that I see our
Johar love emotion endlessly I can't get
over you love where does Sam work lets
you find out
