I look like death dawn I've got what
people called the playlist live plague
or it could just be complete lack of
sleep which is probably part of the
playlist live plague yeah a little bit
of a nice luck they don't I slept for 12
hours straight at one point today I
still had a very sore throat but anyways
that is besides the point we need to sit
down and talk you me we have been
talking for months and months and months
yeah we talk every night we say how how
was your night how was your exercise
we've been talking for years how was it
wait you eat for lunch various things
like that I told Jen that in my life
more than anything I want to be there
for my family for Noah and her both
mentally physically and financially
those were the number-one most important
things to me to be there for my family
and I try and do that every single day
which sometimes you know means I can't
do different things that I love and
that's totally normal that's part of
being an adult with doing YouTube and
working full time it's has literally
spread myself too thin to the point
where I don't think either of our
relationships are in jeopardy like we
have a great relationship
yeah but I always worry about things I
prevented I want things to be fixed
before they happen in this case my time
has been spread way too thin it's
affecting things on YouTube just because
I'm not able to put in all the time that
I want to it takes away from time at
your home cuz you're at work all day and
then you come home at
and then you try trying to spend time as
a family yeah there's not enough it's
just been hard and listen this is a
decision that we made and that I would
not have any other way this past Oh
amazing been a great year it's been
absolutely amazing Jen and I have been
married for four years which means we
were married when we were in school like
we're pretty much went through college
together which is something that's quite
abnormal for most of America and school
I wouldn't say was ever difficult for me
but it was never easy for me because I
never really knew what I wanted to do
with my life yeah I love so many
different things I just didn't know what
I was supposed to study and it was hard
I changed my major multiple times I
finally found one where I felt like okay
this is good I can get a degree in this
I could do this my whole life but I've
seen so many people doing things that
they don't like for their whole life and
being unhappy about it you know that's
that's tough on me as a person I'm sure
lots of people experience this in their
lives while I was in school I got
contacted once by a social media company
that does videos 15 seconds kind of like
vine
a book Big Chief in public and I would
create literally vlogs brah he's not my
girl I was vlogging before I even know
knew anyone was doing it or that it was
or what it was and I loved it I loved it
so much that when Jen showed me what
voguing was at first I was like whoa now
the first time I saw the shade charts I
was like this is kind of weird
no of I'm down for this but I started
watching and I was like wow like we
practically almost already do this and
then later that year we got a camera for
Christmas and we've talked about this
before and we got challenged to vlog for
a whole year from Jenna cos brother it's
been awesome we've been doing it now for
how many months a year in two months
when I was young I used to love creating
home videos with my friends we would
stay up all night we would act good the
silliest videos and I loved editing out
it was just like something I did I'm
sure a lot of you guys experienced that
in your lives too it was one it was a
highlight of my childhood my most
exciting times and my college career was
thinking generating ideas about creating
with my friend I was always like hey
let's create a YouTube channel really
review sneakers or play fifa and like
gaming stuff or let's create a t-shirt
company with stencils we even bought
stencils we bought t-shirts there's so
many different times where I was like so
close to doing something and I just
never did it
Sam's really smart we're like you can
work a desk job but really well but he's
also like super creative like probably
been more creative than me but I feel
like there's like a pull in your brain
like no yeah I mean it's a good thing
it's like a really good thing to have a
lot of interest like that I just like
doing taking nothing and turning into
something and currently in my life I'm
working a job and I have to work within
the lines as I learned more about my
personality like that personality quiz
we all took I found out that that's
really not me that's not me that's not
who I am
although you're good at you're good at
what you do yeah I tried to do the best
that I can and I want
for my family and I want to you know
move along in my career you come to a
point in your life where you have to
make a decision whether you're gonna be
crazy and be a kid and live at home
or you're gonna be an adult and put your
big-boy pants on and make things happen
and that's what I had to do so I got my
degree and let me tell you something
when you're in college and you have a
pregnant wife and you don't have a job
you better get a job you better not get
a job well I'm talking about a big which
I think that actually kills right no you
know what I'm saying so I applied to
many different places I think originally
in my head of it we're gonna move to New
York I'm gonna work with JetBlue yes
gonna be so much fun but we stayed in
Utah which is something that we didn't
ever Inc never expected guys did not
expect it was no but it's been like it's
where we're supposed to be exactly I
wrote that down that it's been exactly
where we were supposed we were meant to
be here at this time and it's felt right
it was definitely the right decision in
that time when you get a real job and
you have a kid your time becomes very
limited and so I began to kind of ignore
my passion I didn't put I didn't have
the same passion for YouTube in the past
couple months that I had before and it's
not because I didn't have that I doesn't
have time I did I couldn't do it to
myself or else I don't make myself go
crazy and I'm sure something you guys
even probably noticed that at times and
it bugs me it bugs me I'm like 50 80s
video that should be edited
but you guys on the day of the life
there's not a lot of time and that was a
that was not a busy day I don't work out
I don't have any activities in that
church activities I didn't have anything
I mean I had two hours of free time and
that was it and that's that's when I
added the blog this may sound like
complaining and I'm not trying to make
it sound like that if anything I know a
lot of you guys can relate to this life
is busy life has been good to us - it
really has there's a quote and I have it
right here and I wanted to read it to
you guys it's this is it it says there
is no passion to be found playing small
and settling for a life that is less
than the one that you are capable of
living right now I would say we're
living our lives small but there's so
much more that I feel like we can do
there are so many
ideas things running through my brain
that I write down and they usually
happen at night which is why I see the
plate and I just have to storm in a
place where like it's like I may never
see you again it's kind of sad but you
do write them all down of course but
it's like will I ever see those again
right
like what if you have a great idea and
then it never happens I once had an idea
of creating a system and the restaurant
where you swipe your card and you pay
right there you might pay on your phone
went to Chili's today not today at
playlist live and they had it I was like
that was my idea just as good as that
one which I accept story you know it's
it's hard on me it's for the person I am
it's hard to put those away and not be
able to actually do them basically we've
had to make a decision and that's why
we're sitting here life has come to the
point words we have to choose a fork in
the road yep which way we're going which
it's just it's too hard to do both it is
it really is so hard and a lot of you
can relate a lot of you do work
full-time and vlog so you understand and
take really hard yeah I just come to the
point in my life where we need to make a
decision we've talked about this a lot I
feel like it's like the time that's
that's why we're sitting here today
talking to you guys this has been a long
like we've been thinking and pondering
and praying about this decision for like
a long time we have not taken this
lightly
this like whole decision so fam Iike
will you accept this rose we've chosen
you I'm almost crying I'm not gonna cry
my eyes are watering my eyes are
watering the tears we never ever rose
but we have above see Roger well you can
accept this rose means YouTube full time
make them cry guys February 14th
it's just restin actually he's hiding
the tears of last
yesBut February 14th Valentine's Day
will be my last day and my current job I
put in I'm really I'm teared up but it
was laughing for laughing is it cuz like
serious crying I just sometimes like it
depends what serious caring is about if
it's about like a serious matter than
you know what okay anyways alright never
your 14th Valentine's Day is my last day
of work I put in my two weeks a couple
weeks ago and it's intense its intense
it's been scary but it's exact what does
this mean for you guys
this means more exciting vlogs more
exciting edits it means I'll be able to
do this full-time
it means you get the changes more
montages it means more poopy diapers it
means more Jenica dancing it means
cool shirts for you guys I have a
podcast that I want to do not like every
week I mean depends how it goes I it's
not something I'm like one I have a name
for it outside guys about that - we're
gonna have a channel for Gen 4 channel
for me we have things already outlined
and designed about that shirts and we'll
be doing all sorts of fun stuff it might
mean we have to do a couple more brain
deals - I get contacted seriously
everyday about that and we turned on so
many of them we usually only do ones
that are interesting to us and them so
you guys like we're not gonna change
it's always gonna be me and Jenn it
doesn't matter whether there's 20 people
watching this or a thousand or 1
trillion I think it's always gonna be me
and Jenn and I mean we you do change
over life we're gonna have another cater
to everyone I'm already more serious
sometimes just because I've know alike
about things I just want him to have the
best life that he can add it's gonna be
on society you know it's scary it's a
big leap of faith
but we feel like this is what we're
supposed to do right now we don't really
know why but we really enjoy it and yeah
it's definitely it's a huge leap of
faith you just you know what one of my
main things is like you guys always come
and sing say like we make you guys happy
we bring you joy we make your bad days
happy and that's like one of the main
reasons I like doing this yeah it's been
super rewarding for us the fact that we
could support ourselves doing it too is
a huge blessing I already am planning
the summer like summer trips I at one
point I was like man I'd be fun to do a
little something summer same occur like
road trip to like major cities to meet
up with you guys that's completely a
possibility now if I'm not tied down to
a desk office job then we can do that as
long as we can you know financially
afford it we can I go to major cities
around the United States meet up with
you guys hang out do fun things not just
like stand around you know that's a
possibility we're gonna have a Noah
plush toy that makes no
we're gonna do more live streams
everything and if this is not just like
these aren't statements I'm just saying
that aren't gonna happen I know in the
past and unlike all of the 50 kids buzz
because I didn't have time didn't have
time and now we're making the time
people say you make time for the things
that are important to you you guys are
important to us this is important to us
we do we love doing this and I want to
be able to fulfill my dreams just as
much as Jen's she studied art she
studied art now we can do stuff like
that we can do more photography we'll be
able to both do things that we studied
and things that we are truly passionate
about and most importantly we'll be
doing it together yeah more poopy
diapers for dad batches you know I
remember that bet on the Yulin video he
still hasn't been poopy diapers for that
day it's not true whenever I'm here and
it's ready for a whole day
well I target I've got my whole day
Monday
okay we'll document that my first Monday
off we will have me changing that we
will let you guys know I'll blur every
poopy diaper you can do anything as long
as you have the passion the drive and
the support we feel like you guys are
huge support to us I know somebody you
guys would be like oh man you crazy your
job seemed awesome is awesome my work we
aren't we have a great relationship I'm
you know if something doesn't work out
there's always a possibility that I
could go back and I'll tell you guys
where I work which is the next one but
it's not where my passion is right now
and I'm not a hundred percent happy
mine is in YouTube yeah I mean it's just
a lot of things and I need to explore it
now I was like the time to do it we're
still young we have a small family it's
now it's really now so we're gonna give
a shot and see what happens
yep we're excited we're scared but we
can't wait to take you guys along for
every single step of the journey yeah
we're letting you guys know because you
guys mean a lot to us and you
has been there first before and it'd be
obvious seems in like the maze all day
long exactly we haven't always given the
vlog the proper attention it deserves
because it's always just kind of in you
know there's something on the side and I
realized that I really that we really
need to give you guys and the Volga
general more attention and so this is it
this is it we're doing it but today its
12:22 a.m. February 13th Friday 13th
Friday the 13th let's prove the Friday
the 13th doesn't matter
oh gosh well look back at this and be
like another day hey this is the moment
let's do this together guys all right
are you with that
the day Danika let's do it up for life
love you guys and we'll see you tomorrow
thank you for your support
we really appreciate it I've still a few
more days of work left let's make the
best of it
pig
it's gone
I've lost my brother I wanna further my
playlist we're quitting YouTube
