look at you guys jumping together
someone is not very happy to discover
that the cabinets
don't love me anymore this is this fair
place to be where he's not supposed to
be I feel like it's that every baby or
boy babies more studious
or a girl babies more serious I don't
know he just wants everything he's not
supposed to have and he knows he's that
he know he like literally babies are
smart they know what they're supposed to
have and when they're not supposed to
have he's supposed to have all the toys
that are available on the ground does he
want him oh he doesn't want that he
wants what he can't have
you're lucky you're so cute you know
mischievious little boy my best friend's
is in town so we're gonna go have lunch
with her and her love with you that'll
be fun oh you just wanted to see you Joe
okay yeah
yesterday I was like checking to see if
he was chipmunking any food and I
squished his cheek literally they are so
chunky like is it's all skin and chunk
in there and they're like so I can feel
how thick they are from the inside out
there's so much
Chipotle Gibson life fiercely you like
it huh
look how big he looks you guys a little
big boy
I mean they're yummy congratu Polly wish
of hitting you okay
no one's that your friend who just wants
to touch him no and they know I pay
attention to me
No it's so big they they go now there
you go friend
good job buddy Oh soft on the face okay
oh my gosh you
are you flirting now
Oh be careful honey gentle you guys so
cute
guys guys oh okay Jed no just no one's
to just go for the jugular your voice is
the cutest I hope you can sing and then
you'll have the most beautiful raspy
singing voice just destroy him oh my god
do you like are you what who says
pooping can't be cute see pooping
who says being done pooping can't be
cute no I got another Valentine's card
in the mail from Grammy my mom Sam's on
that cute we are $15 $15 this kid in the
car doesn't it's so funny cuz it's her
mom that sent the card
Sam's mom's mom so they think like with
cute puppies that marry my mom yeah no
this one's from Sam's mom confusing
but I'm these from things out those
front bangs or anything like when my
hair was like in middle school earlier
in the mirror look like it you guys my
my fall out hair is growing back from
Noah's pregnancy or from birth and it's
so bad
look at this we're here at Barnes Noble
to get Noah some more baby books that
you can enjoy for Christmas maybe you
get it I can touch and enjoy here's not
a read yet and he doesn't really like
you when we read to him you here yet
your legs touching them there's Alfie's
book and so whether it's just crazy that
their books are even in like Utah town
well we still have a lot more dr. Seuss
books to collect actually that was only
ones I first ones I had I feel like I
love I'm gonna do these small ones are
so like so nice pop look at it greetings
go go oh we have to get him green eggs
and ham at one point I was cuz that's me
where is it the Firefly that's cute
oh we've to get that one to read that
I've read this one before
this book is to be read in bed very long
book and I'm sure that's because it's
supposed to put the that's a zebra noise
oh my goodness these books right here
these ones the Bob books those are the
ones that taught me how to read
I still remember getting these at a Book
Fair and I read every single one I would
repeat him this is how I learned to read
these bout books and I learned fast Noah
that's how you're gonna learn to read
that book anyone else who's popplets
doesn't even see more Suzie's Magic
Treehouse of my favorite series Oh magic
tree house
shows we got we decided on our use for
bears oh no you want you want your books
these are the books that I can't wait to
get them like when he kind of knows
what's going on press here mix it up
don't push this got knickers yeah these
are awesome ah so many good books to
discover printing bears I've always
wanted to collect will not click just
like get one of these pop figures so I
figured since better call Saul just
started might as well get that one look
all these card games tell us if you see
a card game that you like yes I think we
should go new it looks hilarious so post
in the comments if you see one that you
like yo what's up the mote looking cool
guys Jen just admitted to me that she
touched Alex from targets face under it
oh hey did you cute little face I
completely missed that we need to sit
down and talk you me
basically we've had to make a decision
and that's why we're sitting all right
life has come good point words we have
to choose a fork in the road just some
fun
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
