right side right boyfriend you have no
idea how long I have been wanting to try
blue breaking paper
it's Tuesday night and the day my life
begins now no joke
this is what Sam does literally almost
every night but a lot of the times you
do that here in the kitchen or on the
ground he's from Memphis not every night
at midnight no not every night every
night I said no no I didn't save him and
I said it's just almost every night
that's true he's eating hummus while
watching a show or watching YouTube well
forty seven pm am Hey 12:47 am I just
pretty much finished editing the vlog
watching Tyler just wrap Tyler's wall-e
right now a little bit of emotional
music music brings up motion when the
spicy hummus always hits the spot you
letter to eat that like that right then
they go stuff kicking breath
hi bubby who did it
yeah we woke up like once usually while
Sam showers and gets ready in the
morning
Noah plays until we have to go take him
to work it's Matt right we've seen a
little bit before we take daddy Noah
finally he did it you guys he went the
whole night without food he finally he
ate this morning at eight o'clock he
slept until eight o'clock like that
hasn't happened in forever I'm so proud
of you if we're both so much happier
today like he literally I woke up to see
him playing no crying no screaming you
didn't wake up screaming or anything
like you woke up happy so it looks like
it's gonna be a half day
I was wondering why my eyes are like so
tired and I think it's because I didn't
have a contact in with my eyes this one
what I doing this one so I can see like
far away when normally if I didn't have
both of them in I can at all that's why
I found that contact to my bed last
night
probably fell out in my sleep yesterday
yeah day-in-the-life baby
love you baby love you
next no one that's eating food yes you
do no one loves you - how about you did
you ever have the feeling there's a samp
in the lamp or an ink in the sink or
Wasat in the cloth or was it in the
closet
sometimes I'm quite certain there's a
dirt in the curtain this is Gigi how
reading books goes he's not a huge fan
yet sometimes he'll sit this is his
favorite this one is clearly into it cuz
you can touch all the stuff and you get
more of these
poof snip of the day usually well
knowing naps
sometimes I nap it's rare but sometimes
I'll sleep but most of the time I just
clean up because I have dishes in the
sink or laundry to be done so when I get
the dishes taking care of course when I
get ready I always like you know a
little youtube or something you guys
need to go watch Kristen Wiig perform
with SIA
because it's she's so good like I was
not expecting this
she is hilarious
ever since I like a night that and just
like that he's awake again one day we'll
get there right one day maybe he'll
sleep for an hour I don't know maybe he
just doesn't need an hour in the morning
is that for noon naps usually a little
longer
you're just a little baby very to say
you know baby I know
oh oh hello hey smile there we go
Oh big hi
that was so bizarre Lucy on the floor
and no just like laid his head on my
thigh I got a picture of it was really
cute and I started reading a book and he
just passed out I literally just fell
asleep on my leg this kid just slept for
over an hour yeah you did look at that
happy face someone's proud of themselves
he's so much happier when he takes a
good nap does that mean you're gonna
sleep good tonight mom yeah stop growing
literally I feel like when like three
two weeks ago maybe three weeks and when
he started pulling himself up he
couldn't eat who wasn't even taller than
this he was but he couldn't even pull
himself up on that and now he's taller
than the chair do you guys see this he's
only seven months old you're huge and
you've got chocolate on your bum you're
so tall yeah
it's almost 4:30 it's 426 I couldn't get
the vlog up I work because the internet
was just really slow so slower than my
one at home probably and now I usually
like this in the backseat with this guy
because he goes the bed at like 7:30 so
most people down and get home from work
into like you know 5:30 6:00 I'm lucky
because I get to go in a little bit
earlier and get home you know 4:30 4:45
in this case but I only get a couple
hours with this guy each day I do
believe your feet are ticklish I believe
they're ticklish Nikolas Nikolas oh I
got it I got him I got him it's almost
5:00 and we are checking the mail where
do you see within the mail just the gas
bill you have no idea how long I've been
wanting to try blue paper literally guys
I've been dying to open it he's saying
if it's worthy of opening or not let's
open it let's open it what made you
think you hey new apron chefs we are now
chef's ingredients in recipes we have
someone that's trying to control the
camera because you pick like what you
want and what you don't want on the
website and then they send you to me
what foods you like so if you like
seafood chicken you have to pick the ink
that's like shellfish but that's kind of
fun it's like a mystery every time well
it's good for us because Jen can never
decide all right oh my god
this is here all the time oh my gosh you
hold on to that bubby look inside you
Brett look at this look in there it's
look in there like food this is like a
Christmas present to me because I am NOT
a grocery shopper Oh
oh my god supposedly all the ingredients
are set up to so you don't waste any
food and it's just right super simple
we're gonna create a meal tonight we'll
show you guys how it goes
so this is just part of it as you can
see this is already like healthier than
what we normally eat I think the cool
part is you're cooking with ingredients
that maybe you wouldn't normally buy
yeah I'd be like ah yeah that looks cool
I want to buy it but how do I use it
everything's even labeled and now my
favorite part the meat this is all super
cold too yeah look at that
that's some premium chicken cut I lose
some fish there we go some flank steak I
love flank steak Wow
Jen I think the knickknacks are like
this goes of the steak meal right this
one goes the chicken yeah so a bag of
things goodies no wanted to help daddy
put stuff away we're gonna do stand-up
it looks like such a big boy we
interrupt this play time for a Beijing
the video finally uploaded so now I'm
just doing annotations really quick I'm
gonna tweet the video out right now and
also comment it's a couple of you guys
oh 22 people have already viewed it keep
up the good luck say sanika first
comment turn up boys
I love your short hair Jen it looks so
great on you hello snapped to more
recent posts where are they Oh new sub
and yell are freaking awesome having
myself with Samak a marathon love y'all
knows leaving a comment right now that
is first no uh and before you know it
it's six o'clock time to cook dinner
today we are cooking pan roasted chicken
with mashed potatoes and maple glazed
carrots it should look something like
that if I do everything right
Sam's just chopping up
bang it looks so pretty I was a prep
cook at one point in my life really was
my knife skills could use some work
oh you know just chewing my diapie in my
socks all you need to wear these days
just socks you look so cute just socks
on
we had a little accident where I know
what kind of spit up but since you're
eating real food it's kind of like
barfy's days oh it smells good
dinnertime repeating nowhere while
pampers is cooking oh I just put some
yogurt on him yogurt I like how they
have like the little ingredients already
ready for you this is the heavy cream
just got to pour it in all the
instructions on how to cook everything
is right there and then structure on the
recipe it's too breezy I put some foil
to cook this this is the money shot
right here baby I just put a little bit
oil I know it sounds like there's a lot
but look at that
I'm chef Sam yo do you gotta clean up
for bath time gotta clean up for bath
some people are like what is that yellow
thing that's the matte like I posted a
picture once never ones like what is
that that's what he sits on pajama time
we usually start cooking dinner around
5:00 tonight we started around like 6:30
it's about 7:20 right now so we're doing
bedtime routine which includes reading
scriptures together then we sing our
song put little guy to bed we've already
fed him had dinner with him and then
we'll have our own dinner it's really
boom boom boom like the past three hours
have flown by love you Buffy mmm good
no good night no good night no you love
you hey auntie yeah we need a work come
on hope you sleep well tonight and then
we love you good no I study all right my
words we also had just got a noise
machine which I think we talked about
and the humidifier which we have going
for him you know this is when mom feeds
Noah the milk we have a small kitchen so
it's kind of messy but I'm doing some
plating right now I got the glazed
carrots mashed potatoes in the center
just cut up the chicken and look at this
you ready for this you ready place that
on like that whoo brought the plate over
here I'm gonna grab a little bit of
gravy garnish that I made it made it a
little thick I'm just gonna drizzle it
on top it's really a little too thick I
can't head they go how about Jennifer a
second but look at that yeah that's
great babe we do so many like frozen
noodles just because it's easy but when
they lay out the instructions like this
yeah
and they already have everything you
need in the amount right yeah I can't
wait to eat that I'm so hungry don't
even have to leave the house look at you
cleaning out the plate a little
presentation gonna have to Instagram
this carrot like that boy it's a little
maple syrup glazed there's a little
buttered lemon as well I'll try one yeah
let me know it is a little bit of
everything Gilbert mashed potatoes Oh
everything yeah how is it is it good you
don't like carrots but you like this I
know I'm not a fan of carrots but I've
been eating him as I cooked it and
they're really good so here's the deal
guys blue apron hooked us up we did this
meal like I'm not I'm not really that
great of a cook and it looks like a
professional meal looks great but it
wasn't professional to make because
set you up with everything we have a
special deal that the first 50 people
that go to the description click on the
link go to blue apron we'll get to free
meals from us so it's the first 50
people that go there do you try the
chicken or something is it good this is
really good keeping my girl right baby
Wow
it's a good date night good night baby
yeah hope to do this on Valentine's Day
yeah there you go we got other meals so
so yeah it's the first 50 go click on
the link you'll get two free meals on
this you can get some blue apron meals
they're so good so delicious I've been
snacking on it I got to prep mine up
right now I've been kind of going crazy
and we got to enjoy the night I know how
to film you eating this good meal like I
need to enter cooking show it's good it
made it easy of us like I said guys link
is in the description it's at the top
blue apron first 50 people to free bills
just looking the plate now I also forgot
to mention if you guys like sign up for
blue apron or whatever and you're like
ah I don't know if this is really for me
after you've cooked a couple meals you
can always cancel you're not locked in
for like a full year or anything so
that's pretty cool
7:45 p.m. know is finally asleep it's
pretty easy putting them to bed all
right Jen then you gotta clean up
bathtub and then we gotta do dishes too
so that takes a while yeah in the night
I know some of you guys are probably
like well why doesn't Jen cook the meal
cuz you've been at work all day or this
a night I like cooking and Jen does just
as much as I do during the day in fact
she does more she's gotta stay on her
feet stay with Noah she did laundry
today she probably talked about how
she's probably gonna help clean up the
digitus usually does a lot of stuff
without me even asking or saying
anything so I'm always very appreciative
kind of like spit up everywhere there's
having a weird night so I mean I read
one time they like
I cook all the meals or something
totally not true in fact the only time
we really record is when I cook the
meals cuz I might kill check up me a
cooking good night look at me I know to
cook but I like doing this day in the
life even though this might be the same
routine some of you guys are ready this
is like you can't hide anything
BAM kitchens clean looks spotless will
be I mean we don't have a lot of
cupboard space so those students up
there Jen you are a magician eight or
nine and I just posted an Instagram
photo day-in-the-life
day in the life I'm going to the gym now
and Toa will probably be asleep in about
it's 8:20 keeping you in the loop I have
like you know three nap hours to figure
something out do something with my life
I want to work out I need to go to the
store and I need to edit vanalai Sam's
gonna buy the tampons right now hey so
was a senior at the baby he offered you
offered you did you said you want me to
get you someone go the story I said yeah
okay I was expecting to say so you know
I got stuff like I said hey can I go let
me go get some
know like hey let me make a chip around
that no I'm I need to go get hair gel
said oh yeah um and I said okay she's
like me you asked me and I'm so grateful
so grateful so about the last time you
young man isn't ashamed to go get you
tampons keep them keep them keep him
around love you
he seriously offered you guys it wasn't
me
it really look like it's primed and
ready to go
nothing's for the driving right now no
I'm at Walmart Smiths is my Korean game
stomping grounds Guerra you praying
there's a day-in-the-life that's kind of
a longer fall you guys got a peek at
what every day is like I know we've walk
every day so you guys already see that
but you saw kind of our for our what our
schedules like it's busy I'm not
complaining I love my life I love my
wife but something's got to change
tomorrow let's talk okay oh yes peace
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you if I didn't get to
eat spicy hummus tonight so I mean
you'll kiss me
