oh you guys are so cute what are you
guys doing gonna see if you can feel the
baby kick was he kicking you did you
felt them how did I not know about this
PJ someone has commented that water
bottles we saw our water bottles like in
the best what I drink only then they
recycle Peter did you throw the baby
no good morning sweet world it is gray
and dreary out here I get we're getting
rain we've already said this the other
day there's like three or four days in a
row which is unheard of I've actually
seen some funny comics online of people
from Arizona kind of freaking out like
what the heck is all this really what's
going on what are we doing how we do
what this but it's also reminded that
this grey sky is what the rest of the
country may be press the world I know
what the weather is like everywhere but
for most of the winter it's like this
and I'm kind of glad that we didn't have
to deal with that this year because
sunshine definitely makes us all happier
got the kids at work this morning
PJ's mopping away say it's a hard-knock
life for us isn't it funny how like kids
at this age love doing this stuff and
then they grow up and they don't want to
help clean it all well she makes more of
a mess than she does clean what are you
guys making
banana bread muffins it looks like
banana pudding gook egg casserole I
don't know is there eggs in that I don't
think you have any eggs we do have hot
sauce no seriously where are my eggs I
don't think you have any eggs
looks like I've run into the store for
some eggs
I used to say egg egg did I just I'm
being mean to mom what so other than all
the eating out we did for like
Valentine's Day and stuff
I've actually been kind of meal prepping
especially for lunch I'd like to lose
like 20 pounds before the baby
this would be that you're my ballantine
you did it
watch out buddy it's hot let's look at
him oh man those look good you want to
see okay mom's gonna take him out
don't touch the fan delicious
golden-brown
what's the secret man you did it yeah
what's the secret to making it look so
good secret pancake the verdict isn't
really good are they so your first time
making this mhm
good job you know I love cooking
together mm-hmm he's really good helper
he loves it too probably gonna pull him
out like a minute earlier but no I fail
I love banana yeah you're going up way
too fast I can't believe you're almost
four and a couple months going for a
much-needed cure for late mother's day
to myself I could just say I just ran
out of time so quick before she wakes up
good you guys you have to note man now
before they even know you're gone
Santa's here with Miller though I'm I
would bleep it done got a few things for
dinner
what okay
whoa what the toy walk I think it's in
go in my room
hi did you just wake up you feeling good
you had a good nap how are you doing you
look my toes yeah we look pretty
yeah hi wow this is the best welcome
home ever did your dad yeah what's that
what it's really cool my room what you
do with dad did you play you watch the
emoji movie was it funny
do you like it there's a poop emoji in
it yeah but that was your favorite three
poop emojis hi Jim could not be it's not
baby I had a good dinner planned and
then I took the wrong recipe to store
and then PJs feeling well that makes Sam
go back to the store to get the bright
things I needed and then she threw up on
me she's okay though I tried to get her
to take some medicine she refuses to
take this why don't they make using like
chewable tablets do they do they're not
so let me know because to wilt happens
to be much easier than this liquid stuff
anyway I thought I tried to get her to
take some of this and it literally they
take little sugar beads they don't taste
like anything in she was like not having
it I'd barely put any in her mouth and
she like made herself gag I guess she
really did not want to eat them I don't
know if she would have already thrown up
or she says a sensitive gag reflex
sometimes that happened she does have a
little fever though she's feel so bad
for her
I think she's okay though she just threw
like it was like a cup of water spilt on
the floor it was like nothing it was
just water it's hard to get kids to take
medicine so we took a tub there goes a
nice dinner
I hadn't everything cuz she just kind of
needs me right now so Noah said he would
eat mac and cheese bless him he
definitely loves the chicken I was gonna
make Sam have some pre-made meals for
comfort we have stuff we can pretend not
what I wanted to eat but that's okay
everyone to be fine I panicked for a
minute are you playing playdough in here
yeah you've been okay
you good so she's a little better she's
just to eat your toast she's like mom
leave me alone playing playdough by
myself good morning it is the next day
we pretty much just made sure the kids
broke in last night yeah - good she
didn't throw up again I think that was
just like water like Jen said but she is
still a little warm and these kids they
just keep spreading the sickness back
and forth all the kids in the
neighborhood the park at church at
school and we've been doing so good and
making sure everything's clean vacuuming
washing hands thirty thirty million
trillion times and yet it strikes so I
think I would know ahead PJ - Scott the
same thing but I took a lot of likes I
came and stuff and it went away with and
yeah quickest quickest ever ed so
hopefully it's the same we did not post
the video on Valentine's Day we posted
the day after Devon sent Spock it kind
of broke the Monday through Friday we'll
end up posting a video tomorrow as well
so on Saturday to make up for it also to
end today's video we do want to do the
same I could Olympics a lot of people
suggested that Monica Elliot should do
with us we haven't asked them yet but
I'm pretty sure they'd be down because
they're both very competitive and Monica
would love to beat me and rub it in my
face so here's the question what are
some events from our previous Samak
Olympics you guys would like to see in
it because well definitely we can do a
couple new ones how many should we do
like five
keep it simple four or five I really
love the ping-pong peanut butter I think
would be really fun okay that one the
cream has been to last year but we'll
plant on five events we'll do two or
three repeats from the previous year so
post put your favorite ones were in the
top ones we'll do that if you haven't
seen it there's a playlist I think I'm
the main page or I'll put a link to that
playlist I guess in the description here
so anyways that'll be fun we'll hit him
up huh these gloomy days baby what's
funny is that Noah's been like creating
these cold days and yeah think you
realized that if we were in Utah it
would be months of this no and I have
been having a search favor this man
anyways I'll see you guys tomorrow make
sure to comment your favorite say
congratulations
what
