all right update still no baby still no
name here's a giveaway but here's the
name this is the giveaway person I don't
like giving giveaway you ask me my child
where are we at the template we're gonna
go jump for a few hours
get our Wiggles up for a nap time and
they're rough to get pretty bracelet
matches your outfit
show me big jump whoo peanut jump on in
hang on
they're running it this is funny there
you go
grab a pyre oh this foster look sissy
felt cuz you fell we got so high today
is a big day it's the Cubs first
postseason game and in the past I've
always been like this is our year but
I've been so nervous and like I don't
know but we have to win and I just had
so many different emotions I'm really
excited and I'm actually nervous for the
game but I feel relieved if we lose this
year I'll be ok I'll actually feel more
pressure next year anyways I just feel I
feel better than other years I just want
to enjoy it but when I'll be really
nervous for the first pitch happens
anyone that's it comes being out there
though
do you feel the same way as me it feels
different this year feels better in a
way just like more relaxing as you guys
know we're trying to decorate the house
to create the office I don't think the
office will finish this way this was
clean Andrew was staying here and then
it got messy because I'm trying to
organize and get things hung up this is
our guest room and office and we're
doing things I don't think these same
pictures will be hung up on the wall
here probably in a week we were just
kind of doing things with frames I think
actually a lot of these will be in other
places of the house we need to buy like
three times the frames you see here and
more pictures
but anyways look at this look at this
doesn't this look kind of nice like I
said we just temporarily hung up some
things this is all gonna change
Jenna was facetiming with Lizzie last
night and she was saying like she just
moved into a new house and shoes today
I'm like yo I was like oh yeah this is
gonna move this room but this move this
really will move but we're just testing
things out we're gonna have a huge
picture wall in the hallway and then I'm
gonna print this one out vertically same
size but vertically
and then we have this one frame - guys
look at the quality of this dang and
we're gonna have those hung up on this
side I think so like the vertical you
know so kind of match this vibe maybe
we'll try and get those colors in it to
the Cubs Chris Bryant Bryce Harper
future cub check out this light - and we
were laughing cuz the bulb in it is so
bright it's like a fortune fortune lamp
or something we printed out so many pic
the other day maybe my favorite I think
I want this in a frame to fit it exactly
is this one I just love this pic hey
guys it's been a fun day had a nice bike
ride today I have painted and a big blue
apron you guys know how much we love
blue pen
thanks Luther for sponsoring our video
today we and always enjoy our belaboring
meals I just love that they're
farm-fresh ingredients that are
delivered to my door with like the
proportions that I need I don't have to
leave out anything I don't have to go
buy more of anything and that's one of
my favorite things because I don't like
wasting tonight I am making chicken
enchiladas which look really good and
it's also something that I make on my
own so I'm kind of really excited to try
a different recipe you also got this one
look at master chef it's like black ink
noodles this one's like really unique
I'm like whoa that would be fun for me
and Sam to do is like a date night it's
kind of great they have a lot of
different meals that you can choose that
are like master chef approved meals
which is really cool like I said
everything is farm-fresh delivered to
your doorstep it comes with all the cute
little bits and bobs in here I love that
they come and this is a horse those are
monster and they have everything like
labeled
and you have all of your little
ingredients for my enchiladas right in
this bag voila well they you get like
the seasonings you get the butter the
onion look how cute that little onions
there we go
even get nutrition facts that's really
cool and on the front of these cars it
tells you all the ingredients for this
dish on the back it gives step-by-step
and pictures for the instructions on how
to make the meal what's great is that my
food has always arrived super cold in
these boxes so there's like a giant
giant ice pack in there that keeps
everything fresh and cold and then when
you get it you can open it and pop
everything straight from this bag into
the fridge
really nice and convenient so if you go
on the blue apron website you can
actually choose like what size meal you
want for two person or for family
friendships most of the country and
what's great is that there's no
commitment you can cancel at any time or
start it up at any time which is perfect
to me
if you guys want to try the blue apron
first 50 people who go to the link in
the description get their first three
meals for free did you hear that so go
click the link in the description Sam
well how about linked under there if you
cook it you can get your first three
meals for free like my honey and my lime
and my cheese and bunch of grade and
biscuits for my stick this in the fridge
for a minute and my tomatillos are in
the oven I just made this to meteo sauce
I've never made my own sauce like this
with tomatillos looks really good it
smells even better before going in the
oven I couldn't find my cheese grater
whoops I think I need a new one it got
lost in the move oh no I think I broke
it
I don't know anyway and my tomatillo
sauce is a little thick but I think
it'll be okay and it smells amazing
and voila they are dying I didn't make
them look the prettiest but they smell
amazing
it smells so good I can't wait to try
one sis can't wait to try one she's
ready for some for some dinner be
excited try one see him oh this little
baby has been giving me so many snuggles
today yummy yummy first game tonight
dude who's gonna win yeah well he's
pitching it I think game 3 what's this a
in the back your Jersey though says Jake
Arrieta oh my goodness is that your
favorite cub nice PJ say let's go Cubs
let's go good
hey where's your cup sure how's it look
let me see what do you say come on go
for the girls baby there we go there we
go there we go there we go
PJ do you know that the Cubs have never
lost in the playoffs since you've been
alive yep the Cubs win the baby is still
in the ballet yeah genku kind of thing
are you
the kids are celebrating with some
brownies and some ice cream it's a good
all right guys super nes the mini this
is crazy look how small this is do you
guys remember the Super Nintendo look
how tiny this is true
I'm scared okay that's kind of scary
no one's there no one's there the
controller though is like as big as a
system itself anyways I got two of these
I'm actually gonna have another one I'm
gonna give these one of these away I
will let you guys know how I give it
away I wanna get one of you guys to have
it look at all these games comes with
all right update still no baby still no
name Elliott likes Ari but just re a RI
right yes all Elliott likes it sorry
they don't like know they're accused to
let you I refuse to let them name their
child ellika I'd be like us naming our
child sambuca weird that's only weird
because you always all okay I don't know
I don't know how I feel aleca but I
don't know yeah sambuca my kid but it's
happening the proper name ellika so
that's that's named Ari
ellika I like both name like Sienna
Oh Sienna is cute like Sienna Cece
doesn't like any he liked Naomi which is
random Niomi he likes Naomi and I like
the money yeah yeah tell me who wanted
to sell Erica we wanted this villarica
characters yes they add a bunch of
letters oh that's been mutilated he
spelled Erica like oh my gosh let me see
that
hey I our WR e ck aah Eric Eric
Isaac record rouse quite literally those
are the only names or Kolya oh yeah I'd
like alia but I have like no attachment
to it
and every time I say it to somebody
everybody's like are you Hawaiian is
somebody Hawaiian like why where's this
Hawaiian name coming from and I'm like
it didn't matter I have no ties I was
I'm going to Hawaii she was not
conceived unfortunately there
okay what about so we need your help
somebody named her child it's not she's
going to literally be named yeah comment
comment some Danish here's a giveaway
but here's the name is the person I
don't like giving giveaway you guys
could be my child for me seriously
here's the name does she doesn't like
basically everything yes no okay now
here's Erica erica Eric my gosh oh
thanks thanks anyway jobs etiquette I
don't think okay yeah what do we need
more sanic Oh No
I look at is better than sambuca okay Oh
what about em ellika Malika no it's me
on no not
Monay Monay gonna do more name huh
that's pretty name - it's a girl rain is
a popular he likes rain actually a lot
he's been saying a lot everyone's doing
like river rain like water you know I
want to name her and the golden is
really popular right now already Phoenix
Hawks buried in exact like birdie I
think Brennan Ren Phoenix - you know
what woman yeah Ren's cute all birds
Eliot's mom's lost a muse or who made
any was swallow so there's like adult
bird
all birds are birds some swallow two
Hawks yep so I didn't tell she needs
your help in many different ways so how
do you get this baby you're two days
late now almost three days late and I
don't even get induced till Thursday
yeah no long ways to go before this baby
comes only 15 pounds later when we
walking around at the Pinterest
Pinterest the Peters comfortable the
hope of the baby will come out after
stoppage raised and Penner's conference
and go shopping for baby stuff tomorrow
okay yep cuz you need more because I
don't have a good she doesn't get enough
at her baby shower she got like the
entire store the accessories that's what
yeah I bought all the cute like bow hair
yes stuff like that you got to get the
like that baby the turbines and those
are glue and stuff like that her baby is
like literally I can feel the entire
baby
let's take guess that's how big the baby
is I'm saying 9 7 attention she's going
crazy that's like way too big
tenderly it was ten and a half pounds
how much were you I always like less
than seven and a half
yeah we're teeny-tiny no that's normal
yeah I guess we're so no seven seven I
think let me show you guys 9 over 10
pounds do you think do you think she'll
be over 10 pounds Elliot do you think so
oh yeah you absolutely tomorrow I'm
gonna say 97 no way nobody will believe
me that this is happening this weekend
he was an I'm sorry I love my husband I
think he's very attractive
that's what a 10 and a half pound baby
looks like a saw in his hand
your cheeks are so chunky I swear his
parents must've in sumo wrestlers and he
got switched at birth or something ha ha
no he looks much like his oh my gosh and
like look at my sister she's gonna kill
me like I was a polar winter see she was
like almost 10 pounds
seriously obviously she's a couple I
think a couple months here but but I
send her that picture all the time she's
gonna kill me
there we go
she was so chunky and this is what I'm
gonna get we're gonna have this huge
baby just because I made fun of these
two yeah one and that's another one but
oh she's cute
Oh help our naming names help our names
names names names we need look what that
means don't you like these their names
weed she doesn't like I just don't like
old lady names she's not like old a
names which are my favorite just likes I
didn't bring my name which I like
no like not classic I guess we need Ali
he's the way more picky one you're not
picky
yeah yeah yeah I don't really like to
Mitch likes Blakeley and what was going
late in late and Aniston Aniston Aniston
is really cute like Aniston thanks
really kid too and I just love Jennifer
Aniston and you he actually like ask me
he's picky which names don't you like
all of them basically anything that's
not Ari anything that's not Ari
yes so set on Ari like Aniston but it's
not fair because he got a name crypto
he's gonna name her son and he's gonna
name her an honor like sorry
you have no say Elliot you do not carry
this 20 pound child for yeah my 20
pounds no I know your choice she's just
picking one oh I want crip Dianna after
no okay no actually I'm not letting you
to another
smell like while he's still alive all
your dogs crypto goin crazy to the third
group to the third Oh
listen little long clip okay we're gonna
do Legos and watch Survivor now okay how
about a survivor not Legos okay
everyone look what I created with my own
two hands fighter pilot jet that I
bought for Sam and I last Christmas I
finally made it pretty cool pretty cool
pretty cool
