do you like that now
it's our last day of playlist
it's really sad there's not as many
people outside and in Keitel it's coming
to an end
luckily we have today and then we head
off back home really early tomorrow
morning his kids have a little rough
going today but he's been really good
this trip like so good we have a panel
this morning and then the rest of the
day is just kind of open to do whatever
so we'll see what happens
yeah so here are all the family vloggers
right here or short oh go on
there are a million people I don't know
if there will be enough chairs right
there Kaylee Davidson's
I woke up like this so they basically
are pitting us against each other we
have group two versus group on
I'm glad Cullen's in my group because I
think he's by far the strongest one here
yeah oh yeah you blew my far the
craziest group of any big
we separate people and it's pretty funny
act like you're happy yeah someone
someone turn that into just right please
I'm very difficult stuff you are you are
I love being in the tunnel
so oh oh my imma fell for me do you have
anything but by my jeepers
I was just going to say my favorite
thing was before Jen learned how to
delete clips from your camera
I'd be like editing through this long
clip of her talking about something and
then at the end of it it'd be like Sam
don't include that like I'm like I just
added it in like 10 minutes like and
they're like something like no don't
know it's him actually no pathetic like
she didn't know how to delete it so that
was always fun to me we kind of have a
so for us some kind of family bloggers
full-time doing this like that's a big
you know it's a big change in our life
and in our content I'm in the videos a
lot more you know like a so those are
like our best friends are there
you love them love them love them
because everyone here has been so nice
we love all these couples you've met so
many wonderful people day to day with it
go follow the guys are so nice go far
afield and these guys are really just
talking like the baby really like them
yes I'm going to cut this he's become
probably the best buddy what's your
correct title on your moderator he also
does family vlogs he's kind of like you
know we woke up to him because he has
older kids and so we're kind of
following in his footsteps of that but
he's been moderating a lot of panels
today and I think you did a tremendous
job including everyone you guys were
here or online or whatever we got some
clips he did awesome
so go check them out too they got a
channel yeah that's great oh yeah I love
these people and I love these exactly
and they just these and these people all
about salmon cat salmon cat leave a
comment below and just ask Jen if she
still has her knees and tech from all
that throwing down together right yes
yeah her dancing oh okay that's me right
there yeah that's sad or go check out a
movie and there's like the sweetest
people ever with you watch my sodium get
back here Katie check out membership cuz
you'll get to see Filmation games she
saw everyday
everything love these people I love this
one too if you guys know who this is
she wins vlogger fair vlogger fair she's
in charge of it all just kind of a big
deal not gonna lie
kind of a big deal he's kind of a big
deal
that trip though the Levine life okay
they came out to you time in the
treadmill video and they're so cute
girls go check them out they're awesome
bye everyone we're leaving damn gym damn
zoomed in I'm zoomed in on your
beautiful face o NK hey my on my own all
the words I know
people of Justin April justin.tv go
check them out because okay thanks is
family it's always looking to look at
them literally over here where's April I
know Jim look at me people I've ever met
literally sees people who they are real
you guys know you guys are so incredibly
then they were right by law and real
friends yes they bond over baby poops
right wrong hey wait April it's like
yeah I got this dope sweater yeah I just
got a big marshal
I screamed for like an hour Sam cut that
out please just don't even do any of it
these guys first time in America you
might recognize him
it was pretty good considering how many
people were involved
all right we're at the pool and we are
going to introduce Noah to the biggest
best bath time he has ever had in his
life so you might not like wait this
one's cold back no he's never been in a
pool he's never been in anything like
this so we'll see if he likes it because
he does love that time let me get my
shoes off second - no I don't you want
the water
Noah come touch the water just touch it
we have opposite reactions right now
Jackson trying to get all up in it he's
like get me in that fountain Noah's like
get me out of here thank you
hi we've been hanging out here at the
pool now we're gonna go take Noah up on
the big slide I'm gonna hold him the
whole way actually I'll just push them
you can just slide straight you and a
half's right head don't you
yeah there'll be a lifeguard there at
the bottom to catch them so we'll be
good yeah let's go do that okay here's
the kids entertainment
like we're actually going to take down
that helicopter with this drone
they have new missiles on what else can
I say what other outrageous things
connect to this bag
or is it no it really is going to happen
is you going to try and fly through the
cave but there's like a small chance
that it might just trigger something
I've been trying to shoot right up so we
basically have to grab it if it doesn't
make it to the advanced flying right now
one nap later and the man is happy warm
water he wants like splash
a little toesies we need a nap earlier
round two
I think the warmer water better oh you
like that now
welcome over here babe welcome over here
hi babe hi hi boy
I think much better yeah the miracle
with a little nap will do for you yeah
he was way too tired earlier to even
once consider going to love it so check
out this cool no we've just we've just
spent the day at this school and I
realized today like happens every day
more than a couple hours I realized I
haven't shown you guys it's pretty cool
it's got waterfalls
there's the water slides there that we
rode my first time down was kind of like
I went straight into the water
afterwards I learned a damn I point my
feet arch my back you can like fly
across the water like every bone 3 times
3 yeah this is fun so we're gonna go
back yeah it's one you wanna come back
for silver yes humming back I'll take a
mini Noah bring every bigger note I
should say anyways this place has been
awesome
they got a little Lego make mini
figurines yeah we went on that baby yeah
that's sweet we're gonna go back and
change and we'll see what happens
tonight
oh wow I forgot my Apple yeah it's in
the bag
this is me taking the cinematic sure
come together dear Wow weight was
impressive
another what
in a minute
what's up peeps we're in downtown Disney
getting our grub on we've been down here
yet we've been wanting to go so here we
are here we are
I love me a good didgeridoo didgeridoo
didgeridoo these are
we're seeing here at Wolfgang Puck cafe
come on
sighing you're not eating at Wolfgang
Puck open-cut want my money with your
stick splitsville
all right now
it's pretty expensive
you got to get food
like others like going everywhere
vegan art so check this out chicken
tenders chicken tenders and fries salad
salad chicken bowl the same the same
exact thing down to the lemon in our
waters yeah we're sad because we're
leaving tomorrow we have to be glad I
guess Noah's asleep but our flight is
tomorrow
heading back won't be able to meet any
more you guys won't be able to hang with
all our friends make more friends I'm
such a good time it was really fun
Hanson I'd love to do a recap and might
capture some of our thoughts about the
entire weekend news although we just
recorded things we didn't always get to
like really exactly thinking guys
branding our vlog we're so sad yeah hey
your flights early - yeah you guys went
everywhere are you but you were so sad
guys recent underground for you say
bristles we saturday issue I say mascara
no I said am i freaking I'm so sad right
now
we're on yeah
and we're going are you ever and like
just driving by the like the convention
center like usually need robot you're
excited you see like all the playlists
yeah throws on well there's nothing back
there knowing everything it's gone like
this wasn't everything figure they just
like ended it without telling us life
the only people we use it by to was
awesome sister and Jessica they say them
take literally just now I keep my
fantasy maybe it was just like it was
just like this is like and just over
elated we're leaving at 5:00 in the
morning is Monica seen us - yeah Tom
I've seen enough a week for everybody
get back what really yeah I'm definitely
if you get back right now come say hi
and if we didn't play is this one thing
know how this is your every day if you
didn't see you guys they're eating at
the same bye I love you all they are so
grateful for it now so far so grateful
it's sad that let us say until next time
hey we're gonna we'll just have to Skype
more between more yeah talk we're gonna
do more is drive places more and
everything else part alright I left home
amid them today but there will be demand
let me edit tomorrow please please just
hold on
on you you're everything that I see our
Johar love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you see good we don't even know
his faces still waiting yes we might be
waiting til next video
