we sing a song written before oath of
that I'm coming up no well I'm coming
out whoa I want the world to know you
better get this party started coming out
tell me better get this guy started get
this party started on a Saturday night
everybody's mepham of a member buh buh
buh well this is officially become my
one take for the day right just like
that just like that know what just like
that just like dad did not edit last
night he was up very late I'm your dad
right yes no I'm I'm dead oh sorry dad
I'm dead so i'm just gonna upload this
real quick for you guys i just wanted to
check in and see how everyone's doing
and i have 45 minutes of playlist
footage which i need to edit that i have
not yet this is currently the state of
everything
it's kind of quieted down
if you guys liked our playlist live day
1 vlog at all you are going to love the
rest of them because Jen got even
crazier on the dance floor so anyways I
just want to miss out on the rest of the
night the rest of the events so I will
do my best to get all those edited and
uploaded and this is just kind of an
update to that so there you guys go
what's going on at playlist live let me
zoom in there's people on the grass
zombies
people by the pool
we've been doing a lot of fun sup no
actually went into the water for the
first time ever today and you guys will
see that eventually so see you guys the
vlogs up soon yep we got lots of them
the other thing is that the internet
here is kind of stinky so I don't want
to like edit this super long video and
it's no good right right so shut cuz
tribe Tyler EU come at you straight from
playlist live let's get it you guys are
gonna love the bugs are coming trust me
on this stay by
