dream is over your friend I think what
you wanna do this hey bones I'm sip on
some water and jump in the pool we got
an apple is right down the street from
us connected to a connective sorry hi
girls
I made it to the airport and the time is
there right now stick something no at
seven no no no no might be sittin by now
our flight is as
and we're heading to Chicago and then
orale
so it's me a long travel day no it kind
of has no clue what's going on and play
everything goes well report to terminal
to lobby please
it's to like swing trades one just
things look great wait what's going on
today okay
we made it to chicago laura is very
active these days and then it was itself
how many times did he poop on the plane
3 3 3 times 3 times you do hang in the
window seat the window seat used to be
the seat for us I know if it is anymore
no your kids refer for the winter or the
aisle sense that is the question Helen
just in case because easy access I think
like if they would have let him fly the
plane himself he would have done it
thats how crazy ng us / 20 minutes
that's no chill at all now he's like I'm
good
say any woman want to come with me show
you things you've never seen city last
ain't sobre seen the moon in another
light the world on just don't see me
what number two we made it we are
sitting in columbus ohio Noah's eating
jenna is beating
you'll never will claim to ourselves
well just kidding they're gonna let no
apply this
I was gonna fly a store Lando balls up
in the glass one you get scared to put
your hands in mine
now i'm not getting well i'm going to
that's all right with me
there's rooms is what everyone shares
something gets another lender airport
they're like look at this like inside
but outside it's crazy that there's a
hotel like built into the airport a nice
one at that it looks like there's like
like em all
maybe we can make it happen update third
flight Noah was semi loco let's put it
this way I ended the flight with a glass
of apple juice on my lap shoes leg socks
that question is was it Noah or Jen that
knocked it over post in the comments and
let us know l think so we made it to
orlando we were about to hop in a taxi
when we looked at the rain it was like
$57 to go to our hotel so we're like hey
Tyler and Hayley get here in about an
hour hour and a half let's just hang out
but no walk-around do his thing he's
never been so happy in his life
seriously
too we got food
the box i can upload it was feeling good
and this guy i know the floor is kind of
dirty they keep it somewhat clean that
she getting a thorough rinsing tonight
because we have been in the plane all
day and he just wants to let loose
before he goes to bed
and all I getting there playing all day
long I never realized that I actually
enjoy doing red eyes because you sleep
during like almost little thing wake up
and you're there in the morning
i'm up at night anyways so we made it a
lot of people say they recognize these
ugly Orlando chairs this is like all of
it I love I love Florida I hear Spanish
I here like I've seen a couple Dominican
people just like yeah
whoops so there's two airports in
Orlando and we are at the opposite one
so we're going to take off it's all
right though because we ate and I got to
edit some so it was productive no I got
some fun time in we're going to see him
in a minute we made it to our hotel room
it's not the Ritz Carlton and we don't
care will actually be saying somewhere
else after tonight our driver of our
taxi was from Haiti and so I felt an
instant connection cuz like i just love
Haitian people live to the Jamaican
Republic I know like three things creo
yo we made it we face it you got a bat
I'm gonna get you ready for bed and
tomorrow will be a great hopefully Tyler
and Haley get here cuz the pool closes
in like 40 minutes and I got to take
noah there whatever you ready tonight
not tonight come on you gotta you gotta
go swimming for your first time as well
party knows beds here and jen said that
it reminds her of in the same asylum I
just I don't know if you get dull just
from the video but it's kind of might be
dirty like I don't think we got this I
don't know what's going on tonight
bienvenido orlando
our roommates have arrived welcome to
our crib the Ritz it's eleven o'clock
and he's awake if I can say hey hey
what's going on all dude your camera's a
good thing oh man I brought three
cameras with me serious your love child
porn ova no coming come hang out with
the boys Noah we're hitting up the pool
what time is it oh we got four minutes
look what they have here crane games and
one of them is a Disney one with goofy
Daffy Pluto minnie mickey we've got some
other Disney characters in their minions
I think you'll have to try this at me
Riley look how close we are to the Wi-Fi
at the hotel Jen you did it jenna is the
mom of the year wife in there and your
drinks oh my goodness if either a meet
jen is the wife right for the air
because she here makes things easier
thanks fella get that light oh yeah let
me do they're really there yeah we gotta
all right things got Hailie the bird of
your lighting thanks yeah guys you want
to see regret all right right here room
292 come say hey I've learned something
people I'm mistake you can't travel
without having some cash on you I had
absolutely zero cash today so all my
tips have been very irregular especially
to a torch
yes orlando is a place where they try
and suck up all your money so as soon as
we got here to the hotel and everyone
rushed to us to grab our bags and I was
like I know any money like I can't and I
know people out Holly said everything
you have money but I seriously do have
any money and they kept insisting
insisting brought our bags up to our
room I felt so bad cuz the guy basically
got to know everything about us that I
was like so like a target movie look
like and he's like him it thanks i gave
him a ten dollar target curtain yanez
high a target groceries beauty products
look I think ten dollars the targets
probably better than a normal tip
because I want to talk any news not
going towards drugs there you go keep it
keeping it off yeah I wasn't worried
about them probably he could be gettin
some Vita Coco water tonight
let's go ask him it's real funny dude
really look at it phenolic Latin how
does that vehicle definitely you gotta
go you gotta get my toilet first turn on
the toilet oh thank you're probably
watching this completely out of context
oh well sudden we just saw in the
bathroom we're all the bathroom ugh
sings along and if you'll never know why
Oh what I've forgotten my converse
triplet yeah dang it entire I knew it
should have packed my whole he's like oh
my little bit more relax beeps call me
up say it's a hotel party just bring the
liquor already got a shot he's I'm on my
way here the trial pack of corona and an
anti Joe ya know I might go back to Utah
what's the chorus not the weary what you
doing that the with me and my friends
are here so you're free I think once you
learn to nothing hey bones I'm sip on
some water and jump in the pool we got
an Applebees right down the street from
us connected to the connectives like
yeah hi girls oh yeah if I use the
restroom I can't stay in here today if
you're gonna poop I'm gonna clear out
all right I got a dollar i'm gonna use
it tonight there's a little hope and
this is this one right here Goofy's
doable
that little Florida dolphin is doable
not sure if there's anything in this
machine that's doable everything's kind
of jam packed in this machine that that
orange monkey might be doable the
massage chair not doable air hockey four
dollars not doable but we gotta check
this tie the tie one yeah I just don't
know that little that might be doable
hey these are some old school ones you
have absolutely lost yeah you got
trigger that quality the combo okay
since we're in the arcade who has seen
this game before I watched read an
article that it only unlocks when it's
ready to pay out did you know that
really yeah you will not be able to get
the major prize unless it is ready to
pay out so that they make money I've
heard the same thing about crane game so
to that the pinchers the claw is extra
kawaii when it's ready to pay a cure
that is if you are involved in this kind
of stuff please let us go none of these
machines are really fun for anything
there's reason they're all full I'm
gonna give hot stuff a shot all right 15
seconds 15 seconds make a quick Sam I'm
filming for sample this is Terry
it doesn't even let me go all the way
over oh no change of plans really 21 oh
no for the Blue Dolphin you this means
sex oh my gosh that's terrible just got
swindled and pimped it doesn't even let
me it doesn't even let me get over house
it's a disaster but you wasted all your
money already now we got to go back home
do you have with me
alright if you ever see we're going to
tell mom you ever see a hot stuff
machine out there who never touch your
screen as
hot hot garbage there's a reason why
this hotel still in business and it's
that claw machine so if you ever hear
the whole day and don't go to a claw
machine room terrible claws terrible
claws Pratt did the vlog I'm sit on the
toilet just reading your comments I'm
not actually going that was disgusting
tomorrow we have a really fun day let's
first to comment of the day I'm just
joking pulling through she said you said
you needed a comment of the day so here
it is it's februari fifth and this is a
comment get it no okay bye couldn't have
said it better myself I was perfect it's
like 2am but i'm headed all these vlogs
so that you guys can get them at a good
time because i think i uploaded tonight
so i like i like midnight so to me
posted in the morning or been after din
you guys can check it out we got fun day
tomorrow like i said you can check that
out on Instagram will call you a little
sneak peek and we'll be hanging out with
lots of deep so it'll be cool so let's
do tomorrow peace it's all time
on you you everything that I see our Joe
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you
