hey hey what's up I think it's just me
and see self-editing about to posting
great excuse me sorry about to post this
vlog that's growing up late cuz I'm
crazy like that alright so you guys
enjoy
hey guys our power went out to remember
like months ago those of you watching
for a while our power went out and then
a couple months later went on again
well I thought that was done going out
for good but it went out today it's
still out actually it's been out for
like almost an hour I think I have so
much to do and it's kind of my own fault
because I should have like spaced
everything out and gotten things done
like each day I did it so I have laundry
dishes vacuuming and you get them all
I just have so much to do you know
there's no power so I can do laundry I
was gonna go tomorrow quick with my
cousin in my hand and then hopefully
when we get back
it'll be on because we leave tomorrow
super early at like 750 is our flight
and we're out of here so we've got to
have like I've got a pack to that's on
the list of things to do we can do it
you can do it we can do what are you
doing crazy crazy
we're just eating some panda breath
always shocked and actually found a
shirt and I think there's two other
shirts I might like that I might buy
because I don't buy any shirts ever you
don't mind anything I don't buy anything
ever so Sam gave me the go-ahead to buy
what I please look at this little kid
you look like a little Indiana Jones
hey that just happened
my whole cup of water tipped out of the
cart it was both of our faults the lid
was not and you knocked it over so I'm
gonna do that clean death looks like my
stroller peed itself we're home out
today was the most successful shopping
day I think I've ever had ever ever I
usually am terrible at shopping like I
just I don't know it looks good and I
can never find anything it's just I go
home really upset and mad and then I
just some back hate it but today was
really good actually bought stuff which
I don't do Sam wasn't lying
he loves staring at himself so funny you
ready go play late what up peeps we are
gonna be in Florida by this time
tomorrow and we're having some
last-minute things for our trip I can't
even believe we're actually doing this
we're going gotta grab one more thing
from Mama apparently she had a good
successful day finding some clothes is
that true she's got a good problem not
being able to buy and spend money on
anything so we're grabbing some
last-minute things and I'm kind of
excited I got butterflies it's just not
cuz I'm nervous cuz I'm excited
the thing with Jen night I don't know if
this is with everyone because it happens
to me too is that once you start
spending it's hard to stop you're like
in the mode so Jen's coming back just
like all right I'll get those sandals
today and these are still my favorite
except for any of my tiles okay I'll
blur out the toenails tears find a way
to get out of them
I'm just hoping he's good on the plane
because this is the longest flight that
we have been on a fleet of Seattle we
flew to California those are pretty
short and we flew to Chicago which is
pretty long we're flying all the way to
Florida which is about the farthest
place in the United States we could
probably fly too
you're gonna behave buddy I always I
always feel bad for their passengers
that get annoyed by that kind of stuff
you guys want to see something
ridiculously cute at least it is to me
this little guy and is hi Jay let's see
you eat your food just grab one just fun
okay I just got one put it in your mouth
good job
all right who's ready to go to Florida
are you ready
get your J's yep see he said see you got
your hat on
get all your diapers you know where
those Jays for everyone to see miss
Matson Jays you gonna set new trends
yeah
got my hat on what's up guys so who's
coming to see me in Florida I'll be
heading out tomorrow hopping on my plane
Orlando where bus baby let's see I just
can't just said if I want to wear these
ones I mean they look good it's clean on
the bottom let me see here
yep I think I like these oh don't put
the camera on me right now we're
terrible Packers in case you haven't
noticed if you're watching our videos
for a while especially me Jen's a good
Packer I'm kind of the worst
I'm literally only packing oh girl wait
dude that position again that's not a
little tricep okay
Michelle Obama arms okay okay okay okay
oh no what you guys here's my arms no
what you got my gut and there's no other
climber who has just climbed onto the
suitcase this is reckless how you gonna
get out of that suitcase huh does dad
need to catch you okay this guy tribal
war boot
that's the face of so we need to cook
these either become what is a super say
I'm in Dragon Ball Z yeah we're packing
and this is how it's going so far not
too good
the reason being is that we are staying
sweaty hashtag stay sweaty went for a
run
feeling good and never sweat so much of
my life I'm sorry for whoever had to use
the machine after me I didn't tell any
of it up I'm just kidding ten went for
run 202 the workout
we're just trying to stay in the flow
keeping it going I probably will do
something in Florida too are you
planning out to you have to I'm planning
on doing it so to be honest not in good
shape
I can't just go run five miles I
probably could have a slow pace but I
just want to keep it going so I don't
fall back into like Oh have a lot of
goals this year and one of them was to
do a marathon probably the one with my
mom gotta keep going
gotta keep going even when it's busy and
we got a pack I know I'll feel better me
cool I had to do a workout tonight just
a sister cardio but I don't want the
workout tomorrow after every day of
traveling
I'm also Leah I'm very pink right now
packing update it's an hour and half
later and I have some progress mm-hmm
not really but I have my priorities
straight
I'm literally the worst Packer two
thousand years late I did it everything
is in there and I over packed as usual
tennis packed two hours before me with
no stuff all in one bag including food
diapers and then there's me with my own
suitcase over packed I just get excited
I get excited whenever I go anywhere
like on any trip out of wherever we're
staying it doesn't matter I always my
god packing and then I just stare at my
suitcase it's just here like that I'm
barely gonna sleep tonight and we're
barely getting any sleep to begin right
because I flight is super early in the
morning comment of the day goes to Gabby
Wilson who says conjunction junction
what's your function
I hurt everyone pretty much said that
conjunctions function conjunction
junction what's your function Wow
everyone look dude the lighting is
perfect right now everyone loved that
one of school house of can't even talk
just house of rock School House Rock
School of Rock is you guys know yeah I
just pulled that wait for the Lennon if
it's I tear their just come on you know
what School House Rock is hey guys so
here's a look into the future we made it
to Florida and I'm uploading much longer
now I didn't upload it yesterday because
I had to go to work and then I came home
and packed and left early so we're here
it's gonna be adventure tomorrow you'll
see how we got here and what's happening
right now so you guys ready for this
ride things about to get crazy you see
them
you everything that I see I want your
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over $4 like no
