all right best shark impression Noah
let's see your best shark impression
from the Super Bowl
it's Sunday afternoon we'll get ready to
head down to my uncle's house and we're
all digged up for the Super Bowl we know
where our allegiance why don't we Noah
don't we oh oh we know who were fans of
huh ain't that right bubby go bears
go bears you're in the Super Bowl just
kidding you're not but stuff we got to
represent
I don't really care which team wins
today because to the Seahawks were went
that graduated from Utah State so I feel
like I kind of have to go for them even
though they won last year whatever and
even though my uncle is Tom Brady's best
friend I don't care go bears
go bears Sam's just taking a little nap
and then we're gonna head down oh my
gosh I was missing the final touch the
beanie bear down Chicago Bears
you're not in the Super Bowl but that's
okay 50 minute power 15 minute power nap
that's worse about I had a thirty minute
power nap this was about these days be
my baby like to match
we're just decked out in there bear
stuff don't worry I did this last year
too I knew it
your guys to get family for those fans
in his jersey you know people might
think this is silly but I don't care I
think it's fun yeah I think I don't see
Hawkes
no we're here Super Bowl Sunday innocent
shrimp cocktail tacos tacos wieners and
munitions bet blanket wieners running up
I was playing with the dog
so with the Super Bowl people meant a
lot of money and one thing that people
bet on for the Super Bowl
there's lots of range of things its
profits one of the profits today is what
color will Katy Perry's hair you I'm
going with so we're going to turn around
says he's right blues are doing I agree
but she's that seat so you can see Hawks
I don't care okay blue the Patriots
what goes here gonna be I think it's
gonna be green I think green too I think
I think she'll change her hair during no
maybe not we're like different wigs play
those another Bruin what will be higher
Russell Wilson's passing yards or the
u.s. national average gas price in cents
on Monday so ok what will be higher
Russell Wilson's passing yards or the
u.s. national average gas price so
what's gonna be higher maybe Russell
Wilson's bad gas at this point yeah we
should have done this before the game
but I think he's gonna end up coming
back and throw some first passes yeah
national average versus my favorite
I discourage wasn't my favorite
the Budweiser ones always really sappy
but that one is always cute but Doritos
ones are always funny that was a good
one baby
this was our contribution to gameday
pigs-in-a-blanket they got a little
stuck to the pan though but they
actually taste really good they're from
Trader Joe's let's go upstairs with
color Katy Perry's very good
okay you can take one of these for the
road you know right ahead to it's purple
Sunday it's kind of its like priority
it's like you're supposed to cheat on
Super Bowl Sunday right babe we're
taking a poll what colors kid Harry's
cake see Harry's Perry's hair gonna be
Maya
where's Brittany theater room
Sam's happy now
here let me see the coolest fridge in
the entire world
watch this no come closer come closer it
opens like this you can open these doors
like this oh wow look at this
but here's order at school
it opens on the back side too this is
probably Chris fridge I've ever seen
what do I this happen to do that so cool
thanks Nick your help yep alright that's
how it goes about the Super Bowl giving
my milk what come on aren't you gonna
have oh she hasn't stopped a just not
here's your job I think I think it'll be
black it's black black playoffs he's
very alliance that's made of I've been
doing winter concerts it's so fun energy
solution Center
always always yeah Super Bowl was crazy
what a game I was rooting for the
Patriots Jenna's room for the Seahawks
although we do know some people on the
Seahawks from going to school with them
we were in best friends or anything but
we like to root for him cuz they went to
school does I played basketball once
with Bobby Wagner he's a beast
we also have family associated with the
Patriots torn oh no I'm sorry buds let
me get you up here let me get you baby
there you go there you go we good
no he just wants the laptop he's like
get me on the laptop wow what a game
though great game if you're Seahawks man
I'm sorry if you're patriots fan
congratulations if you're a Bears fan
there's always next year yeah yeah it
was a lot of fun to watch I thought the
commercials were kind of yeah some of
them are good wasn't my favorite year of
commercials halftime show was pretty
pretty fun I'm sure and as far as the
prop bets go the ones that we talked
about Katy Perry's hair was black and I
think Russell Wilson did pass for more
yards than the national gas average so
blue and the Gatorade was blue that's
another one the bets next year we'll
have to do a whole list of them we can
all do them together or the next big
event I don't know what that would be
that'd be fun
comment of the day goes to every single
person that guessed what I counted as
the amount of steps that Jenica took to
get from our place to her cousin's steps
I counted initially let me check my
notes real quick
82 and then you took like six steps kind
of like six and a half six steps to get
down the steps and everything the steps
to get down the steps so I think the
total was 88 so every single person that
guessed 88 it's your time to shine
spuddies oh nine it's your time to shine
Yvonne sangeun Ivan scintilla TN Toulon
something like that what's up Bo Tong
should I think that was it that was
every single person two people got 88
which was the unofficial step count all
of you guys said 80 81 82 which was kind
of what it was before Jen's extra steps
which I said this is kind of a trick
question so that was kind of fun we'll
have to keep doing things like that
let's wrap up this vlog what was your
favorite part of the Super Bowl is the
commercials halftime or the game my
personally denied tongue and hold my
breath last year wasn't the game for me
but this year was the game yeah it was a
good game but I know a lot of people
watch for different reasons maybe it was
the food what was the best thing I watch
for the Doritos commercials that was her
favorite part what was your favorite
part I just like hearing about it cuz I
like how everyone's different and
everyone watches for different reasons
but it's that one night in America at
least where everyone's glued to the
television and a lot of you guys run
Twitter how about them sharks though
Yeah right
oh my god alright guys we'll see you
tomorrow oh my goodness we gotta start
packing for playlist
he's still mad because I was trying to
make him take a nap it's like this oh
he's such a boy all right best shark
impression no let's see your best shark
impression from the Super Bowl best
shark in president let's see it good
yeah touching your toes kicking okay Jen
