duchess de boobs nope not for mom or dad
he's still mad at me I was trying to
make him take a nap
it's like this oh he won oh he's such a
boy
hey guys good morning it's Saturday and
my cousins are actually moving in today
and they all just got into town they
were driving all night long I think no
yeah
they were talking on that like my cousin
takes to get like 4:00 in the morning
I'm like do not get that - I broke up so
I'm just going to eat them all for
breakfast because like every or like all
my cousins and like their parents and
stuff like their mother I want together
right now okay not all my cousins that
of that family together right now so you
know uh since he doesn't go to sleep
until like 11:00 we're gonna go meet
them and say hey guys I just had another
baby
everyone meet Noah's sister Kenzie just
kidding this is linic I knew cousin's
baby I mean my cousin's new baby say hi
Katie say hi someone's at the door let's
see who it is it might be your mom who
is it
open the door come in it's your aunt
she's just staring at herself in the
camera we look related hi she's so
little
no one was this big his second week of
life no way you were that size when you
were born it was smiling all cute when
he first met her now he just wants to
cover you he's mad yeah what's going on
in here it's such a boy like this is so
long his face right now nope not for mom
dad he's still mad at me I was trying to
make him take a nap it's like this Oh
you won oh he's such a boy this is how
many steps it takes to get to my
cousin's house
from our house okay three steps
I'm here yeah
so girls I love it this look like fun
guys look at all this turn this way too
much stuff how you feel enjoyed getting
rid of a lot of crap that's not pretty
you hey sorry lady I think there's not a
ton of storage in the departments no but
Jordan just has a lot of stuff Oh
seriously I had so much room there's so
much room yeah you making I was also a
very big apartment though who's like a
townhouse Owen sorta yeah I mean I had a
garage attached it was really yeah do
you get hide a picture oh you know home
but I don't know if we need one I don't
know if I've ever used to picture
unpacking these days dd-do the this one
yeah he's like kicking somebody knows
what time it is
he's like I'm going straight for the bar
huh let's see it where are you going
dude where you going
you have
what's up guys I'm at work and I was
thinking that this month I'm gonna give
you a work to her I'm gonna tell you
where I work how's that sound you guys
want to know that any more guesses I
know one or two people actually figured
it out it's a little shorter vlog today
we were helping Jen's cousins move in
they're living super close as you can
see Jen walked there that part cracked
me up how many steps did you guys count
post in the comments it could be a trick
question it could not be we'll see but
it's also fun because we talked with
Jen's brother the other day and they are
moving here into our apartment area in
literally two months do you know how
fast two months it gets here like it's
already February like we're just
celebrating Christmas two months and
they're gonna be I looked at where their
apartment is it's like 200 yards away
from us I can't wait for them to move in
it's gonna be fun to hang out a lot we
have a lot planned for the upcoming
months and they're gonna come out here
in a month I think we'll spend a week
together just having them get
familiarized with the area hanging out
planning a trip to Zion probably at some
point with Jarvey there's a lot of fun
things going on plus we're going to
playlist live in a couple days but we
can't wait for them to move out you guys
cracked me up in the comments yesterday
and it's time for another comment of the
day this is kind of a theme in the
comments hey let's see it's a symbolist
of just the two of us Sam I almost hope
you lose at the crane game so I can see
your clip of deep sorrow lol sorry
you know I'm glad that me winning the
crane game and losing the crane game
brings pretty much the same joy to all
of you guys I think we're gonna have to
record new
losing montages for Jen and me Jen did
it for the first time the other day I
didn't have one recorded for her to go
but I think I need to mix it up and
maybe we can get Noah involved anyways
today is Sunday I had to come into work
a little bit today so I could go to
playlist
I usually don't work on Sunday so I'm
kind of bummed out but we are heading
out to Jen's uncle's for a Super Bowl
party tonight it's gonna be fun we'll be
vlogging all that Jen's at home right
now I'll be seeing her soon so I'm gonna
get this up for you guys if you guys
want to comment I'll be on my computer
for the next like 3 hours and reading
what you guys say and responding to you
so say hey who are you rooting for the
Superbowl post that in the comments as
well Patriots or Seahawks we'll find out
who wins today / in tomorrow's vlog all
right guys
love ya see you then please office tour
coming to
you everything that I see I want your
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you
