can give it to nice girl for valentine's
day if I get ok hey y'all oh wait I hats
I feel like not that are you sure you
can get that man oh I don't know
it's Friday know why it's Friday it's
friday it's friday and he's upset
because we were testing a theory to see
how kids react when like Jen was acting
like she was kind of like hurting me she
was tickling me and I was like ah and
he's like oh and it's it's interesting
because I've seen it happen with like
dogs and with kids they sense it out we
were like I said I he's like yeah okay
Danno he wants to pick him up okay thank
ya man I'm okay am I kidding thanks
buddy thank you know I appreciate it
thanks he thought about me too guys I
think there's more worried about me than
Sam and I was one tickling I'm a mom
anyway I'm gonna go get my haircut
because I don't really like this length
and I liked it when it was short shorter
so they I'm gonna go like I don't know
we'll see my just do what I did last
time I don't know who's cutting it this
time cuz I didn't get that girl's card
and run that myself okay easy mom bye no
it's loving this like feel ebook working
like touch this is only book we have
like that oh he wants to feel and touch
the camera now but he loves he just does
one little finger sometimes and just
touches it it's so cute ditch it won't
touch the next page he's trying to okay
now he probably won't hear did too
fluffy tail stuff cute so funny he's
like that's been his favorite book all
day today cuz I kind of go in and out of
different books even though I'm just
really pay attention to them that much
this one he's loving like touching it
huh I gotta get more I gotta go get some
more of those okay guys here's before
you know this is it's really actually
strange I'm even getting my hair cut
because usually wanna go Monica I don't
cut it again for like six months to a
year but I really enjoy I've been
enjoying my short hair and I kind of
missed the length it was that because
it's just it's growing fast I feel like
and I just
like this weird I just feel like it
looks weird um so here's before and we
will see how the after looks hopefully
as good as last time I really wish I
would have gotten that girl's card felt
like such an idiot that's okay hopefully
this person would be great to see you
soon bye here's the after I'd like it so
I love it oh my gosh I'm like really
enjoying having short hair for serving
ever know short hair and a long like
since high school besides this last time
and she put I wanted to go like easy on
the layer she did it kind of lot of
layering I like it you know it's fun
it's different it's a little bit shorter
than the last time I believe I should
have picked nurse I don't want just a
little shorter because it just grows so
fast it's what we do we want a tiny bit
shorter I think and I like it I like it
a lot I just hate it because I can never
recreate how good it looks today you get
it cut you know you go home and you're
like wait what did they do to me how did
they blow dry it because like they get
rid of all the frizzies in your hair and
I'm sure us something to do with the
shampoo it's high quality and
blow-drying each piece straight you know
and then straightening and using creams
and I just wish that it would look this
good everyday because and I know guys I
know what hair doesn't want good
everyday because I don't know how to do
my hair I can't I can't even brave my
own like bangs to my head you know I
can't do anything I'm terrible hair is
not my strong suit but I like it I'll
have to have Sam like do a little 360
with the camera when I ohm hope you guys
like it I don't really care if you don't
but if you do that's good too huh you
know cuz i'm sure some people such as
I've said you prefer my long hair but
and I know Sam does too don't worry guys
I know Sam loves my long hair but I'm
like really enjoying to her hair I think
it's fun and fatty I feel sassy with
short hair Hey okay i'm gonna go i'm
justing in the parking lot people like
lifecycle talking to us
holy cow look at those mountains is that
pollution clouds what is that Jen and
for me help us out nice TV oh thanks
really cute on you okay look you hear
such a dork it felt like these big ones
on those ray-ban looking pairs this no
yeah another one I'm up yet listen uh
huh was it like surprises uh I know you
look like Clark Kent heyo not even cuts
down my dad and no glue they put those
ones that are happening at that yeah
yeah they're weird haha dad Don dumb
items I think we might have a little
success we have three turns this is
austin's so the first turn will be often
can give it to nice girl for valentine's
day if i get ok hey y'all oh that hats
why not you like not that
make sure you can get that name oh do
they I don't know I don't know there's
too much around it just too much for us
try it from this pink giraffe I don't
know I don't know if you can get it I
don't know what is this yeah this is my
best chance for sure not that right
there there sure although the train goes
down hey that's up kai try one with all
your turns the other turns that's all
the turns
oh I'm enough phone I'm in a thong this
is jen's one dollar and if Jen the
Builder strikes again if Jen the Builder
strikes again you go for whatever you
want something you for you hit the
button yeah your spatial recognition is
always a little ways off yeah that's not
gonna happen maybe you should do it no
no that good I don't know I got I'm not
at the same angle is you know oh my gosh
I was so bad mom don't you dare put me
in that romper don't you dare embarrass
me in front of the world mom I will get
out of this cart and come throw that
wrap around the ground you see me I'm
trying to get out you don't like this
mom
and I dude i want to lay down too i want
to lay down to even on a friday night
gotta stay sweaty hashtag you guys I've
ever song that just has like you hear it
just pumps you up I have one song that I
always am I work out on it's like
euphoria even though I have nothing left
it pushes me I was running like my last
half mile at a five and a half mile pace
just because of that song like the
adrenaline rush is pretty awesome yes
Paul I want to know what that song is
it's Friday night and we both went and
worked out tonight Jen and I both not
together one of us was at home at all
times with Noah so we swapped we both
went for about 30-45 minutes got a
workout in on a friday that's showing
some dedication in the gym going up oh
god I was thinking that we should start
using the hashtag stay sweaty a lot more
on twitter i know i do you guys have
sent me pictures and stuff it keeps me
motivated when i see that you guys are
still working towards it so i'm gonna
keep doing that i know there's like
negative thing about going to the gym
taking a picture or whatever you have to
take it out the gym but just you know
keeping each other motivated and that's
not everyone's goal to go work out get
healthy whatever but it helps me out so
if you guys want to keep doing that it's
cooled me hey man you want to comment of
the day with me you gonna pick it out
come on let's go let's do it okay you
ready why don't you once you introduce
it today's the day comes from someone
that leaves awesome hilarious funny
comments I'm just joking hi no really
that's their name she said LOL you're
forcing me to kill you haha throwback to
the old vlogs I'm is preggo but Judd
veronica was dying I told him I gave it
to my brother but I stole it wait what
lolololol chand we got to say about that
then you blurry I lost my comment of the
day partner but now he wants to get back
up you got anything else you want to say
Noah before we sign out love daddy's lap
top
I like that comment the throwback vlogs
have been funny to me and I'm working on
new year montage I'm working on a lot of
things and I know it's like oh when's
the 50k dance video gonna be done we're
actually gonna film are dancing today
because it's Saturday and we can and I
want to have it edited and up by the
time we leave for playlist on Wednesday
all right get your dancing shoes on all
right baby allow you all right guys
we'll see you tomorrow hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog she like Jen's hair
it's pretty cute she's a cute little
mama cute little mama in one of these
days we'll get our crane game mojo back
it's been kind of off lately I don't
know what's going on I think I need to
go find a new crane a new crane in
Ukraine i'm heading to Ukraine anyone
from Ukraine I'm coming to see you I'll
see you tomorrow
on you you everything that I see y'all
Joe hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you so we all the moms in
the house right now
