you're on tinder yeah I'm baby tinder oh
it's the baby from church and I like the
way she cries wow that's quite the grip
that is so big your hands man touch that
one little finger just killing me
guys this kid being so good at standing
up he just stood up for the longest he's
ever done it let's see if you can do to
get ready he probably won't cuz he wants
to see the camera
Ready Set baby yeah go he really did so
long before I pulled out the camera now
he wants to camera so he's not gonna
stand up I only get footage but he's
really like his favorite position to
sleep in nightly it's like with his
puppy like this
he was like fold over I'm so cute
do you just want to stare yourself hey
guys so we just got Sam from work and
now we're gonna go out for a little bit
and have the Trader Joe's and get some
stuff done and then with this little guy
I think that is actually something I
ordered for Sam if you guys remember a
couple months ago we did a video what
their Harry's razor said I had a really
ugly mustache and kind of very did you
get it yeah let's come back a little bit
we liked it so much that we gave it away
to a lot of friends and family yes I
loved it and I gave my research way so I
was left without one luckily I have
another box Barry's shave said this
one's even cooler though it's my last
one so fancy right here hold the camera
will open this okay
so fancy hmm being that last time I had
a different kind of yeah I think I've
had the foam and this time you should
trying the cream it comes with this case
to put your razor in mm-hmm actual an
extra razor right that's got like three
in there anything plus the one on there
yes
okay just packaging real quick it's
sleek it's nice I like it
I like when I keep it in the box when I
know huh oh the shame came out I love
the foam it just was like hey I got my
mail hmm I always loved this and all
other stuff and I'm kind of I would say
I'm picky but I definitely I mean it's
on your face after you shave you just
like smell it all the time it's good
plus I
this aftershave lotion which Jen likes I
do it's all good so this is the Winston
blade and this is the same exact one
that I was using before but but it is a
special one what you guys see that
that's the same woman it's engraved
isn't that cool it's pretty cool now I
can't get this some other day I really I
was kind of mad that I gave my lesson
away because it's by far the best plate
I've used I can honestly say that it's
also a lot cheaper and it has been
grieving on it I guess I better clean up
Valentine's Day or something you know
that's been coming up so ladies or gents
alright this is a perfect gift for
Valentine's Day because it's super
affordable and awesome and you can
customize it with initials or BAE before
and it's so personal and you get the
whole kit that's normally like 40 bucks
for 25 because you get free engraving
how awesome is like $15 that's like 15
bucks off so if you guys want you should
head over at Harry's comm get the
Winston blade and get a free engraving
using the codes Amica Valentine I love
it I can honestly say everything that
we've shown you on our blogs
I've loved personally people come to us
all the time and I'll be like that
interested but this I love and I said
that a couple months ago I've been using
it for over a month
I love it so I'm happy to have more
stuff sour blades
look at that Valentine's Day covered you
guys can't get me last year's real is it
don't think you got me anything I don't
know Valentine's a winner
last year I surprise to you with a
vacuum and but the thing is Sam liked me
he said oh we're nothing the new
Valentines Day present this year he lied
and got me freaking back in
you tickets to Phil Phillips I think
there was like two years ago
oh there's enough some other things
we'll have to go back and check the blog
right here this kid is making quite the
appearance right now so I just took the
trash outside because I wanted to record
this and I also wanted to take the trash
out
she has been wanting a vacuum for like
over a year today I ran home
I put the vacuum together I hid it
underneath the bed and I put the camera
lens in my drawer usually she would get
mad at me if I get her like presents and
stuff but I think this one she'll be
like oh my gosh we finally have a vacuum
and it's the one I've been waiting I
can't wait so worried I can I cannot
sleep with that underneath us aren't you
excited even wanting this so bad people
with hair whether it's on your face your
legs your arms whatever this is
definitely the way to go I love it I can
honestly say it harrys.com promotional
code
sanika valentine free engraving so it's
like 25 bucks instead of 40 I'm
guaranteed to be a great gift yeah at
least I would like it so Jenny
and oh well just get you one too
I told him I gave it to my brother this
is a Utah site a Salt Lake you got your
snowboards skis in the back I'd be kind
of nervous that someone would steal on
it I mean that kind of risk
they must be locked up or something
Jen stay strong what is that peanut
butter Tracks ice cream stay strong
we've already gotten little croissant
dog bites we have all these good snacks
to look at but Scottie crackers for
babies mango sorbet raspberry
pomegranate blueberry strawberry made
with coconut milk Hey
s'mores frozen cookie sandwiches it's
really hard to say we're only a dollar
oh my goodness I think I'm happy these
ever excuse me keep saying is like Super
Bowl Sunday you gotta have something out
through little Sunday so many different
thing up everything with an exotic smoke
I don't think I'm ready to try that I'm
not ready
and rivers
nobody's staring at me
hahaha
it's time for what everybody loves and
I'm making this up because I really
don't know if anyone really enjoys this
part of our lives but today it's
happening it's another trailer just like
showing you guys what we got because I
love Trader Joe's and we're trying to
have some new things well you know if
it's good all this food right here wow
that's a lot of stuff it was pretty good
price I love Trader Joe's because I feel
like I get good quality products I don't
think I'm talking about it like I have a
deal with them good quality products and
it's tasty good stuff
starting out with a Cubano seasoned wrap
oh that looks delicious and look at this
that corn and chilli tomato list salsa
thing has a little spice it looks
delicious need some sauce or our ravioli
ravioli that we got from Trader Joe's
not too long ago spicy hummus dip
roasted tomatillo salsa some of this
stuff we're gonna save for the big game
chicken listen I say chicken nugget so
they're not really chicken nuggets those
are good chicken and cheese tamales we
like making those with like eggs
avocado I'm probably out of focus some
it's better frozen food we love these
little ravioli things those are
delicious
got two of those that's like two meals
for like 6 bucks
I love the pesto and tomato linguine Jen
got some regular hummus dip
we really wanted ice cream every frame
so we got the gone bananas one bite at a
time little things and this is maybe for
like Super Bowl some pastry puffs that's
Parmesan cheese in there dietbet this
we're trying out new chimichurri rice
it's a little Peru
style looks good some black bean and
cheese taquitos as well as beef taquitos
lizard those really lasts a long time
delicious good for you Jen likes these
little wraps turkey spinach Swiss and
cheese trying out the low-calorie pink
lemonade
nanners avocados these are awesome
because they're really good tasty
avocados it's like four for three bucks
some herbs and spices popcorn my new
favorite tortilla chips which i got a
margarita pizza and the most exciting
thing that you got that you're excited
about I'm guessing is right here
balsamic glaze that you love to put on
your pizza and things more bread
whenever you want Noah is also the
beneficiary of all that because when he
drinks milk he gets a little bit and he
also likes to eat off of our plate as
long as it's good friend you know get
ready for playlist we won't have any
food that goes bad which that's when you
know it's pulling out the best for you
because of this well that's one of those
items are perishable they don't last
more than a year but we really like it
and we're actually going to make a
concerted effort going forward to start
making more meals as well those are easy
to do to have the lunch whatever Bruno a
little bit more into this we have been
making a lot more and I'm proud of it
let's see okay crusty face new food
trying to new things out little mango
Kiwi papaya oh you missed his facial
expression oh yeah I think this is Tudor
oh that's too time that they knows that
he's like oh how do I get this taste out
of my mouth on Sam's phone he has like
kids mode because know is always going
after our phones and his one just came
with it and so we always do it on four
no I don't work or my Sanderson and I am
a biology enthusiast biologist I guess
you could tell them they call me
that's chipmunk voice your Alvin and the
Chipmunks on with that voice sound like
a chipmunk you can't have my glasses
you're gonna break them have fun so wait
yep a little swipe young tender
yeah I'm baby tinder swipe right swipe
left oh it's the baby from church and I
don't like the way she cries hmm
let's see here oh it's Veda I missed
wait break yeah
wow that's quite the crook that is so
big your hands touch that one little
finger just kill me
don't give your baby a phone it's too
early don't give kids any electronic
devices till they're 25 really enjoying
following you go get him
okay guys week four of working out every
day almost every day almost ever had cuz
I haven't like a day where I I didn't
but I kind of cheated last week eating
healthier that Sam's workout for the day
get on him you guys come on good blast
him in the comments
stay sweaty baby hashtag stinks ready
baby
he's right I'm sorry I swear whoa
these might be the best things I have
ever yes the big one ever eaten in my
entire life it's like the creamiest dark
chocolate I've ever eaten and it tastes
like you're eating like vanilla ice
cream with the banana I remember when I
was younger like how do people get
double chins I have a double chin that
means like with weight and now it's just
I'm almost permanent double chin all
right let's do a comment of the day
taylor bolt ler you guys are the best
you could see this could you say hi
Taylor from Pennsylvania in the next
vlog hi Taylor from Pennsylvania in the
next vlog I wasn't planned good that's
good I'm not good enough
thank you for going and checking out the
ulid video a lot of you commented I
responded to every single one that I've
seen so far and I really appreciate that
it means a lot to us we do thanks so
much for checking it out remember if
you're looking for a Valentine's Day
present
hairy's it's awesome superb wonderful I
love it maybe you can use it to Seneca
Valentine alright if you love you guys a
couple days away from going to playlist
there's like a week to me a lot of fun
and this weekend's gonna be crazy busy
crazy local we'll see you then pass hi
okay
you everything that I see our Joe have
love and emotion endlessly I can't get
over you it flared noses are so gross
oh you're scary oh my goodness
everywhere I'm sorry I apologize oh I
apologize he's not in his right mind
