it's loud in there like now runs out
here
you guys I am so pleased with how this
turned out I still have to get stuff for
it but good morning world huh this is an
alien you know what a great thing about
October November December is there's
lots of crafts to do tons of different
craft ideas we love that because of the
kids something they are with these bats
and cats do we get this the other day
target the other day so we're gonna do
some bats and cats what are the grass
because the cats might be a little
tricky with direction I love the age
that they're arena both of them are
appreciating the decorations outside and
when we go on our bike rides in the
evening after dinner we always had to
stop by the houses that have all the
decorations and look at each one and
corner them and maybe touch some of them
ya know you touch some of them I like
fire you like spiders
it's with a piece spiders you say
spiders I was inside spiders since are
you seeing apple cider hey you do you
like the Halloween decorations here's
the second one
yeah oh you're getting the whisk what
yeah yeah be the letter B you are you
can see now you know I feel like
preschools helped you out a lot with
like crimes like this where are you two
- we're gonna do all the eyes first
seems like school just started I think
school actually started here a lot
earlier
so it's fall break Noah doesn't have
preschool for two weeks yeah gotta get
that read no okay we're going to check
back in a little bit and you can show us
your bats and your tax cats and bats
mostly mom did mostly mom did it but
Noah helped a lot here they were their
baby cooed cute back to cats it no we're
gonna put them up around the mirror area
huh you still have a sticker on your
cheek you're missing it up oh there it
is like inelia are so kindly watching
the children tonight even though her due
date is tomorrow what really we should
be having them go out before they have
this baby
no should come out this weekend but the
countdowns on a lot of people commented
yes
one how you do really yeah who's this
from wow this one Grammy doesn't grab
you from Grammy
oh are you opening it can you say thanks
oh she's clapping her hands yeah see
thanks Grammy thanks it's a mummy would
you get that it's so cute
come show me let me see your mummy let
me see what you got in there you got
fingers those are cool in the dirt
skeletons nice CJ can I see it
guys I'm a beanie baby a fiction out of
as you guys know I used to be my
business oh my goodness mom I'm tried
one at a time mom little blue trucks
Halloween - this one's awesome like
really cool PJ okay hold this one
because she ripped up her last one
because she loved it so much Oh memory
card game how those decorations he does
with us you can play that tonight
pumpkin emoji kit
pumpkin emojis oh there's something else
okay open that up
I almost bought these yesterday okay
buddy what do you say they grab me and
Papa what do you think you think you say
what do you say thank you son is facing
directly at us I was gonna say our kids
are definitely spoiled to get a lot of
packages in the mill from companies and
people and sometimes that makes
parenting Carter in a way because I'm
there like sir package coming today
someone suggested we should have should
save some of the Legos for Christmas I
don't think yeah I probably should have
done that this package came at a good
time though because they are watching
the kids did you get Ellie in the shot
people know that Elliott is there yeah
oh that's good yeah it'd be really
terrible if Monica just about to give
birth in a couple days is there by
herself oh they're so nice to do this I
I feel really bad
well originally we had bought these
tickets because Andrew was supposed to
be here in ten it was like well let's
find some fun dates let's go to the wild
card game
we got cheap the cheapest tickets twenty
nine bucks and for a wild carry him
that's like crazy in Chicago would be
expensive so they're super nice to do
that we're on call their parents aren't
call to swing by if anything were to
happen things happen we'll head straight
home I'm like oh man we are the worst
they've got the backpack we had like a
couple people that we're gonna ask and
then yeah yeah it's never worked out so
here we are going to the game card game
winner go home we want a date we want
the Diamondbacks to win because if they
win they'll face the Dodgers they fake
beat the Dodgers and if the Cubs beat
the Nationals then we'll be able to go
to a Cubs game out here play Afghan
that'll be really probably amazing
because there's lots of cuts and
to me otherwise we'll study California
I've never been here before we're gonna
try to find some parking where for some
is this Phoenix are we in Phoenix you're
in Phoenix I can see the field it's
right next to this church this is
interesting I've never never been out
here I just think it's something these
guys hopped a ride in the little bike
cart it's just so funny though because
it's a girl driver and these two like
big funny though cos are grown men that
could get there fast or walk and
probably Phoenix Suns foot godson's play
right over here guys we made it so we're
this is my first time going to a stadium
that's inside and like you can see the
fans through the glass we can't cure
guys it's so weird you just walk in and
we're at the field like I've never been
in an indoor field like this
kind of cool though
this is what $29 gets you at the base
loud this is actually cheaper than the
food and cheaper than parking at Wrigley
okay you can even touch the ceiling
probe here
we'll see
okay this is the best view though for
working at a concession stand look at
this
that's a churro dog look at you sit here
and you work and this is your view of
the field insane we've upgraded our
seats
we get that rare
every dime of the ink I know any guys
could care less but this actually been a
very crazy very intense game back and
forth back and forth
back to winning
any gonna happen
crazy game
we're leaving it out early we're going
to try and beat the traffic so we get
home to our baby but things are about to
go crazy because
for letting me
eleven to seven
I'm here for a game of no I think
it's loud in there like now outside you
can't even hear a couple of more hours
it's officially due date oh my goodness
Jenna you're gonna take the video of it
kind of the baby command are the kids
today behaved so sweet so helpful he
started crying because she realized when
I was at home
PJ also likes to dunk french fries in
apple juice that's officially on call as
photographer and videographer no I'm not
gonna be in there I don't want to be in
there no after after when you guys are
both after when you're with the baby and
it's all when you got your makeup on
actually no makeup one with no makeup
someone boys you have your hospital back
oh my gosh good oh you're about to have
another sibling
yeah Buford where's your baby sister
really anything huh
