you know we just finished recording are
you live video you guys should go check
it out it's fun it's good Jenna and I
had a little competition kind of Sam
akka Olympic style let's say from these
teams so terrible we've had to move our
Ottoman because our little guy loves to
climb on anything let me just help you
finish you'll just have to go tune in
and see who won go comment say Santa
brought me here that way we can do more
videos in the future it's a lot of fun
we like doing them how can you not enjoy
it a little bit more footage with Noah
in it that dude little adventure we got
to protect him baby proof
good morning guys well now it's the
afternoon it's me I first it wasn't like
super I'm just really tired today but we
were gone last night at them at the
movie and so his first time at this age
like haven't that got real babies my
dear friend goodness she's so sweet she
came over and babysat him last night and
it was his first time since he was like
younger like my my cousin's baby sent
him a couple times but not really at
this age and for such a long time like
it was like over four hours that we were
gone and yet for the most part I was
like oh he'll be asleep from the most
part but he didn't really want to sleep
so it was kind of hard for him so he was
up a ton last night it's kind of rainy
and blah and that's kind of how I feel
so we're gonna kick it we're just gonna
kick it together inside maybe have a
move a day you tell he's tired too since
is given a little bit of a lazy day at
home I discovery I've been seeing
everyone's Instagram posts of them
decorating for Valentine's Day and I'm
like oh it'll be fun for me no although
he'll probably just sit there and to
paper maybe i'll get some heart sorry
stream from this little inside area
don't be fun and cute I've never
decorated for a holiday really Kristen's
was the first one so I think Randy that
have a little surprise for daddy leaking
its own little heart surprise because we
love him okay this might be a little
crazy because I don't want us like
searching on my bins for like the craft
paper so we're gonna just do watercolor
tarts should we do it shoot them
together for Dad maybe put some on the
door or something each what happens oh
just read my book in half go Jen once
for the book 0 oh boy ok subby come sit
down I have you I have the camera up on
the couch so we'll see how well it is
she's gonna get everything that's the
fun of it right I'm trying to keep them
occupied also for another half
for his nap time the last craft we did
together bubby you were like you know
how old you are two months we're doing
this way this is clearly tarts out know
is that you go it's a camera craps with
a baby yeah that's crazy on me here put
your hearts yeah baby yeah we have our
guards I think I'll just have them do a
few before from to bed and then all like
do more later you know and stream the
step up we are gonna do some water cuz
okay kiddo I'm gonna hide the water from
him this chance to get Haiti with me
must be with mommy blue that fun hard
you just want to touch the paint
that crutch student like messy I'm not
really doing anything crazy I've learned
that way doing anything to do with a
baby you gotta be quick we gotta sweat
comedy one whole day better for mom
okay that's litter on here okay it's
hard inside of another heart so if
you're looking for something to do just
cut some hearts out and let them
decorate them I think we'll we didn't
want some stuff like this as he gets
older okay I finished up it was for your
timing because you woke up right after I
finished cleaning up so here's my
decorations they're really not that cute
at all like really not cute like super
super not cute but you know adds a
little festiveness right dad home diet
bets going real well it's leftover pizza
do you like cold pizza better than warm
pizza because I'm now in my life I would
enjoy pizza better after it if you took
it throw it straight in the fridge hold
that baby up I'm like a better nope not
me not always the case now I'm a warm
pizza person I hate cold pizza I'll eat
it if that's my only option but actually
I didn't eat it like that last night
it's also interesting how much companies
like changed their recipe up Domino's
Pizza Hut's are completely different
okay my regiment is super different we
had pizza up the other night was pretty
good oh we did have gosh why are we
talking about pizza side now my favorite
kind of pizza is really like the thick
grass like New York style sorry to my
Chicago people my favorite I hear it too
I do have deep dish but thin pizza was
just thrown on cheese the mozzarella
other no ran out of here jealous I we're
ahead I'll tailing him Eric got meds go
real well oh I didn't see you there you
were to Z blocking out I just kidding
he's just kidding he's got a little
brown belly little brown belly
oh yes in it I'm getting out of the bead
if I don't think you'll be able to give
up I don't have you know me I'm you know
really love
I promise I just want I just want people
to see that you're actually really crazy
in real life but he he is the same
person that you see on camera what I
don't know it's funny babe oh you're
like napkin headbutt boxhead scary this
guy's game two eyes you didn't scream or
run away you went towards you did you do
see the fastest um side of the world no
boom boom boom boom boom boom show him
you're running chummy running shown your
study Chum reciting naat jump jump jump
rope Junction physical Omari ok
everything it's backwards backwards back
to Chicago hey hey do you jumping ready
jump jump jump punch it knuckles Oh Big
Bend ducky update no it cannot get
enough of this duck during bathtime
you know what's up heaps i'm at target
and i'm gonna be getting some stuff for
video that we're shooting we are doing a
video about baby proofing because noah
has been going crazy so you guys need to
go check that out i'll put a link in the
description gonna be really good really
cute really fun I'm getting some
materials for the video right now holla
holla holla holla holla let's bring back
comment of the day let's start doing
comment of the day again in today's
comment well yeah first of all shout out
to Nicole Wiseman from Washington you
get it you had a great comment but I
gotta give comment of the day she sent
me she's one we met NC I don't get ya a
package I'm could have to give some
credit to my aunt Margo though with this
comment of the day they got some movie
theaters in Idaho real theater go check
them out guys they're the best theaters
that there are and she says this sounds
like something we need to get to Idaho
does have a rating yet do you know who
the film distributor was thanks for the
insight on it we're going to see what we
can do about getting add Idaho thanks a
lot of you said you wanted to make a
difference with the film that we saw you
know just supporting the movement that's
going against human trafficking and that
right there that is awesome so aunt
Margo I'm already talking to someone I'm
going to send you their info today so
that you guys can maybe get I'm showing
in her and your movie theaters and I
know a lot of you guys wanted to see the
film but it's not out yet so that's
that's part of what's going on now
trying to push the film out to theaters
wherever it's possible so that everyone
can see it and then do something to make
a difference so thank you mr go that was
awesome I'm gonna wrap this vlog up I
know I've said a million times go watch
the eula video we had a lot of fun
making it we put time into it we got
some cute footage of Noah so go say hey
it helps us out too I mean it helps us
chase our dreams so go say hi I'll be
commenting on all of your comments over
there we'll see you guys tomorrow just
some fun
you do everything that I see y'all Joe
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you hey guys this is he good
clip
