hey guys that we are headed to a little
early showing of the abolitionists we
got Jared and Ellie here jarvi and Shay
no I want everybody to bend young the
genican alley show
well it looks like this is how we're
backing me today this is probably how
we're going to do a lot of today
probably hum buddy this kid is just the
cutest little kid I've ever seen good
news good likes his jumper again like
you jump free I'm fine yeah I'm fine
only if the windows open and only for a
small amount of time but he does enjoy
it more now today's snow was seven
months you're seven months old today I
almost forgot I need to take pictures of
you right now I can't believe you seven
months old it's my sister's birthday
today to a birthday rage I'm about to
FaceTime her actually in a couple hours
and I'll sing happy birthday and film it
because you guys all want to hear me
sing don't you a lil know a boy here's
some of my soul and my sister I won't
say her age cuz she liked him about it
there something she's such a hot 25 year
old now oh my gosh happy birthday Rachel
of you seven months old and already
getting battle wounds that he just
knocked himself in the face over there
he's just getting everywhere I have a
feeling I'm gonna be changing lots of
band-aids with this one running around
everywhere no was never crawled around
grass before they're like aim grass so
aside remember outside it cuz he was
just crazy inside what's that grass like
huh what to feel like I was hoping you
that kind of crawl around or something
but he doesn't know what to do Bobby I
used to bring you out here when you're a
little itty-bitty baby and you would
stare about this tree how do you like it
now you can sit up by yourself and he
can crawl around take a whole new world
being able to like be on his own out
here like I have to play comes back
we're so cute hey guys that we are
headed to a little early showing of the
abolitionists what's hard word to say I
Volition's the documentary it's gavin
intense yeah subject and topic about
human trafficking yeah I I don't do well
at things like this now that I can't
handle it I just very empathetic feels
for the people i do but we're really
excited revised we were invited to come
to an early screening of it so that's
what we're headed and we're gonna meet
up with Ellie and Jared cuz they're
gonna come to see who else is there i
talked to Jeremy today Oh enjoyment you
there yeah so this beautiful view by the
way it's just take a take a look at that
beauty so pretty uh Jen the news are
here again is a premier uh we have this
tendency of two showin up places not
really knowing what's going on this is
kind of a just in a pre-screen it's it's
just kind of how we roll so we'll see i
see how it goes what's up peeps we made
it they want us in the actually listen
we got Jared and Ellie here Jarvey and
Shey and me how to do you have
fun there you go last time you saw him
was
at the meetup with Austin so we're
pretty excited our seats are all
together hopefully we can behave filling
these out says I'm an abolitionist
because and then there's some
inspiration over here I believe in life
mom don't raise no fool hey children on
the future
you said whatever you want babe pressure
on this what's Jared got there we fought
for our children I love that that is
perfect for you guys I put everyone
deserves love is that good yeah you like
that everybody's y'all every dessert she
loves
oh so much in life
I also just got film moving
use for that I messed up the first I was
like
what are you thinking
thinking I have to write something good
you're getting a little deep honest I
leave look at that this is yes gonna
draw a picture yo
behind the scenes amika action looks
awesome I know what's up so we made it I
guess yeah I'm pretty le look I know I
knew from my shirt us in a farmer no bro
just kind of lost ok now it's going
Jake that's it now nom nom nom
add some of that BBQ sauce oh yeah Super
Bowl sliders finish chocolate tastes
good like suppose my favorites I'm
exhausted oh there's even instructions
let's see there's even instructions on
how to use stop for today is actually a
day that still making love to just pack
themselves back to decorate a booth but
I want everybody to spend on a jump
which operation under the moon rover
please stand and I thought and we've
tried many times together but I thought
how are we ever going to even make a
dent in this problem and then I saw you
I saw full audience a full theater and
if we can do this thousands and
thousands of times over I realized that
there's a possibility that we just might
imagine Cait this problem
we're going to go in depth about
it was trying to wrap my brain around
there right now but jen has wrote a new
one after seeing it every time
going to cry I was a really hard
it was very eye-opening as well I think
ever happens meet earlier there were you
can see you see it because it's so
important
there was so moving
wait you guys look like twins of those
glasses right now
okay there's a lot of are you like
pretty fun I think Elly might be a
depression of shoes Ali stand up
straight I think you're about the same i
know you're partnering up yeah we move
the mica fast yeah okay you're good tree
I'm Jenna had I'm Sam and that movie
touched us it it was eye-opening but I
think people forget this is the issue
favorite part of the video tonight or
were like what did you get on the video
that because it's kind of a weird thing
to say favorite part so you watch that
video right
crazy yeah when I got done I remember
when I leaned over to Shea here and I
was like that is insane can you believe
it was hard to really believe I can oh
they were telling the truth but I yeah
you want to like will check the stats
and just like just like everything even
if a fraction of what they were saying
was even remotely close it's like I feel
like I've lived a really secluded or a
better bird yes shelter and I've seen a
lot of the world and yet that was just
like I didn't see I was it was
it sounds weird but I think it was very
enlightening to the
it was ya see what whores are really
around yeah for real human trafficking
use those here tonight
hopefully not big yeah it's eye opening
this is what we saw tonight the
abolitionists slavery did not end with
Lincoln it was a very powerful film yeah
repairs hard to watch I'd watch the
preview a couple weeks ago and it's
intense it's about trafficking of
younger people these guys go well guys n
girls assemble these teams they
basically kind of go undercover they act
like they want to get involved and this
and that and they save these kids I mean
they've saved hundreds of kids hundreds
of hundreds and they took us around I
don't know how they got some of the
shots they got filming I'm like where
was I the US it's like it film so much I
knew how they were it was it was pretty
crazy it was really really great took
place him a lot of different countries
in South America the Caribbean Haiti
which really touched home for me because
I lived in the Dominican Republic four
tiers I could totally see some of that
stuff I mean I didn't see it happen but
like the video the way it takes place it
really brought me back to that and one
of the dads in the film tation and he
goes to church and he was with the Sun
all day after church you know people are
saying goodbye and his sons kidnapped
they're still looking for him I mean he
was there he flew in from Haiti tonight
and it was just saw I think everyone was
crying off and that movie I could really
because I can handle it it was very
eye-opening that movie because I feel
like it's something people don't really
think about because it's so sad and like
heartbreaking and summer guess I just
don't want to think right you know that
how children being exploited but it
happens and like every thanks ever every
everywhere every country it's happening
millions on millions on millions it's
everywhere I benighted snot this is
happening in other countries it made me
want to do more and a lot of the film
was in Spanish tuna a ton of it but
there were like some side need subtitles
and it was just intense too real like I
i speak spanish i understand spanish so
to hear in that like native tongue the
dialects and things i was just like wow
yeah
it was Graham really glad we were able
to go it was as powerful as papal my
meager home in my opening hug no a
little tighter it is sad so we encourage
you guys to go check it out especially
if you live in Utah and I think Idaho
maybe yeah select theaters or Miller
theaters the ones owned by the Millers
so if you guys have the opportunity to
see this movie please go because all of
the proceeds every single penny is going
to operation Underground Railroad which
is the organization that funded this
movie and put it all together and with
it sending teams to go rescue all the
children so they can go help out more
people it was crazy they fed sting
operations where they get hundreds of
kids we're talking 12 year olds wasn't
13 14 15 it's crazy it's insane it was a
little hard to watch especially being a
new mom I was like I was like it just
like that alerts right it doesn't it
just like you just want to rip your
heart out it's good it's like it makes
you aware hug your loved ones closer
tonight guys mm-hmm for sure take care
of them and do what you can do to spread
this let go see this and talk about it
or even was told of a paper wire an
abolitionist it's like you can see our
pictures on Instagram and you can go to
their Instagram page and everything it
was fun to see Ellie and Jared driving
and Shay Charles and Ally yeah that's
hilarious you guys gonna do look like
kids without dimples glasses hair tall
she was so funny Terminator color it was
fun it was a good time tonight yep it
was good to see everyone so go check out
their channels guys I'll put some links
devaron in the description Jarvie was
vlogging and Jared were Charles and Ally
good times all around I was also
impressed by jake and logan paul they're
on vine they're huge hilarious the
funniest brothers I'm fine they came out
to support this film I think that's
awesome flew all the way just to be
there thanks so much for watching guys
and hanging out with us today we hope
you have a great week it's good to end
what's today Tuesday yeah it's only
tuesday it feels like the weekend a long
week already yeah it does 30 almost 1am
and i gotta gotta edit this so you guys
can watch it tomorrow yeah um I love you
guys see you tomorrow yessum oh love you
wait I ended it hi peace peace a song
time go
you do everything that I see our Joe hot
love and emotion endlessly I can't get
over you
