yo what's up it's bath time we're here
about to take a breath I think they're
worried boy you bout to take a bath hey
we bout to take a bath play with some
rubber duckies let me get a little soap
in a bag if we're feeling crazy smile
we're at the post office dropping off
the packages
guys we're at woman right now and I'm
gonna give him a little hat for playlist
cuz it's gonna be a lot sunnier there
and like hotter little champ do you like
that hat you look so cute a couple of
different hats or should we get you
spider-man spider-man or something I
don't know I just love that little champ
that there's some person that feel like
he's like all this a lot or something if
you pick that it's a little big fits you
pretty good you're gonna good way today
or there's this one I don't think it's
much listen actually might be a little
more protective so much cuter I think
you like that one better too
sorry I know the dishwasher is going so
it might be a little loud
oh wait put it back on it so cute I got
it no I wish it was a snapback so you
could do a little snaps on the front but
that's okay I just can't handle how cute
like can you just picture a little kid
no up playing baseball or something
don't play baseball buddy oh my I'm like
dying this is so cute it wasn't like $3
at Walmart so I had to get it and I
think everyone should go get their baby
a little baseball hat come on
come on Jim are you a little champ he's
the best champ in the entire world
because he took I think his nap this
afternoon was like over two hours
over two hours you're feeling good huh
it was a long one
you needed that he's an absolutely have
only been a half-hour to an hour and so
that was good your morning up with him
very long but your afternoon nap boys
okay let's go pick up daddy fist pump
Jim this pump champ pound it pound a
champ
all right whose bright idea was it to
make these things because these are
delicious maybe the best gummies I have
ever had in my life
no I want some right now he's like dead
I'm in love with the gummy I think Jen
said she showed you guys I know is
walking well not walking but when we
hold him he like steps and we have to
show you this it's crazy kid okay
no I daddy has a present for you from
Jenna come up in it come on come on come
up in it what is it you get to open that
babies are a little ATD ooh
there we go what's in there but anyone
can open oh so I guess is that mystery
for Noah but but for him what is it no
oh it's a little towel gonna put it on
yeah put it on you'll have to use it
tonight first bad oh I think he likes it
Donna
so thank you Donna I love the paper to
taste real good he wants it he's so
excited
he didn't okay he he really does like
promise he'll use it for his bath this
is a madman that wants to walk ready
he's got steps down oh oh he's not
feeling good Dada Dada Dada Dada just
good job buddy
yo what's up it's bad time we're here
about to take a birthing bellroy board
you about to take a bath hey we bout to
take a bath and play with some rubber
duckies let me get a little soap in a
bag if we're feeling crazy now you smile
okay I'm gonna do the claw machine right
now I just worked out stay sweaty baby
hashtag stay sweaty the first three
dollars that I do are Dennis then
there's another go from Austin and then
this dollar is from Talia feel like
there might be a few more quarters but
they're Noah's room and I don't want to
go in there and wake them up soft - go
check and get the rest another day and
go back hopefully there are some stuffed
animals that are primed and ready to go
I missed that reindeer a couple months
ago haven't slept since not sure if
there's anything good right now there's
that that's sick enough there's another
domo used to have to reach there's a hat
hmm I'll see what happens the trainer
hook that hat right there
a dog chew toy I was terrible
Taliah in Austin I did not use your
quarters your dollar because that Betty
now sometimes the machines just set up
for you to go in for the grabbin and
that one just wasn't feeling it so dang
hey guys it's the next day and we are
going to a movie special showing tonight
right now trying to get this vlog up for
you guys I can't get over
I need to get into the crane game Jim I
can't believe - I can't believe I didn't
get anything last night it just was the
Machine wasn't ready
it wasn't ready I'll get back at it very
soon guys this week's been intense it's
been interesting I have some tough
choices to make in my life right now how
do you guys make decision what what do
you guys go to for tough decisions and
things that you need to decide on I got
you
I mean some people pray some people make
pros and cons lists some people talk
with their spouse what do you guys do
only hear about it cuz we got some big
decision that we need to make
alright see you later peace
you do everything that I see I want your
hot love and emotion and this be I can't
get over you
