morning Noah hi good morning let's go to
church chorong sir one two three
dead dead dead dead dead get your feet
up hey hon we're even working on this
routine I pull this phantom super eyes
asim copy didn't even mean I didn't even
mean to dress know the same as Sam he
look like a little old man i can see if
you like your pants from emily the
sharni move we're gonna see Emily really
soon uh-huh 12 no this way each other
messenger one two three four shut the
bathroom door base 1230 fun here's your
other trick ready one two three four
we're going backwards I he gone forward
noah started to do something brand new
his first kiss I think was it you or
Ellie of course is you Jen I study it
was so funny well we've been trying to
get kisses from him all the time and
then I'll he's like what do you mean
isn't giving you a kiss before and then
he Wiggins right in and gives her a peck
but his this is his new little trick for
the week whoa whoa whoa thank you buddy
he likes me get with money thank you oh
you do it's me it's pretty cute am i
sayin Atticus thanks I'd rather give you
a head butt stuff mm-hmm he's tired
tonight yeah he's super tired and you
don't know it's always so tired because
he didn't sleep at all the day he gets
really excited at church there's lots of
big light so you can look at there's
tons of people there singing there's
different voices there's other babies
other kids half an hour nap and then
it's the usual boom literally he's right
up I don't know how he does it he
usually takes a longer nap on Sunday at
home though but he only took 45 minutes
so I just slept an hour and 15 minutes a
day of naps which for him is just not
for me I mean that'd be great every day
an hour and 15 a pub of that but for him
friends like at least two and a half we
are reaching the point where he's gonna
be like I'm ready for bed did maria any
always rests his face on my face hey you
need to watch it buddy you can't just
kiss any girl that comes up to you only
your mother we got some mail to open
Noah let's not open all of it right now
but this is the new stuff we need to
open this is the stuff that we really
need to open so what do you want to open
you know you got to be nice to the card
okay it's baby Ezra what's up grant
family grant feet
we you are so sweet and look at the
place where you live it's I don't you
and I just had that little baby boy look
at that thing that's cute Oh sub-grants
thanks for the card we got to put this
on the fridge with the other ones yeah
hi drug family thank you for the
Christmas card it's going up on the
fridge I love it no no want to keep it
didn't eat it hang on i think so much
with a car it's so cute we love it
handmade guys and thanks for sending us
guptil Christie over for the large love
scar project I was so kind of you maybe
he was one of the ones that we had in
our bag did you see it when we delivered
it hey Liz we got your card thank you
it's definitely been a highlight if she
doesn't 14 to meet so many people like
you and we can't wait to see you at
playlist live and you sent that little
book you this little book I've ever seen
so I'll have to read that to Noah and
add it to this little bookshelf the
vessel is we'll see you soon and you can
hold know as much as any more hey miss
hey see you soon jealous Madison we got
your card and we will consider it our
first Christmas card of 2015 thank you
so much for your kind words that was so
sweet and good luck on your last year of
school before grad school in grad school
kill it I don't know what you're
studying but I look up to you for going
to grad school that is awesome good luck
yo what's up craft twice a week you sent
us a route out of this look at that
joyous Noel it's the scarf as well as
well I love it crap twice a week give a
youtube channel i love that you go by
craft twice a week like you reading me
like hey this is craft twice a week i'm
gonna start doing that with people yeah
what's up this is the showcase i'm new
to the game give me a weak player and
i'm in the hall of fame representing
Semak of vlogs all over every city climb
and never retreat just to save your pet
kitty you think you can run but you
ain't that pretty you need some help it
wait no oh I'm a rapper oh my gosh wow
Martha's have your hair graph twice a
week guys go check her out I'm severe is
it her he it is on YouTube Hannah no I
just got done reading your letter to us
Hannah banana and it was the sweetest
letter you were
so kind and don't worry about sending
your epic gift this letter was perfect
this is all we need and we're so happy
that you enjoy the same girl out of the
family you guys feel like family yeah
thanks for saying that Hannah I really
enjoyed reading that you made me laugh
too it was funny the Hawkins family
sends us this nice Christmas card you
know I love your Christmas cards going
on the fridge go another fish Sam will
stare you every single day you know
what's amazing this piece of paper flew
to us from Spain espana all that Emma
I'm glad that you got a ninety percent
on your English course she said that she
was looking for an English vlog to
follow her a channel and she found us
and then just kept watching and I health
reduce this of items I get help someone
learn English because I can always be
ganache gracias mi wait no has something
to say hola Emma te quiero mucho besos
besos ah hi Chris we got your card
thanks so much merry christmas in 300
days 300 how many days until Christmas
330 sparkles Noah who wrote that hey
Noah semi that he hopes that one day you
can write make your own YouTube channel
yeah cuz then Noah will have it
something to watch on youtube yeah you
could be the next generation of YouTube
what's up Cali thanks for the letter
this is a cool envelope and it says on
the back no cupcakes for Talia Disney
that's your real last name Disney I got
your dollar I'm gonna go put the crane
game I'm keeping it with your envelope
so that i can if i win know where you
live and where to send the plush toy
this is for the sama kawal calm and love
sambuca no was having a moment right now
know is that taffie it's bedtime
surprise this is what her design idea is
for the shirt establish sanika 1231 13
thanks for the letter hope you have a
great year this year in 2015 and like i
said if i won the plush with your dollar
i'm sendin it you way Harry from
Illinois your letter was the best one of
the dance playing he's from Illinois he
loves the Hawks so you wrote about all
ex-players drew up a hawks jersey for
Noah love it that's awesome in Doha love
it go up oh Thank You Dina I'm
going to your house right now Sabina we
signed it in two different places well
we wrote a note and we signed it in my
place you just try and find it though
cuz it's hidden mmm get in there doe
moaning you later see you later safe
travels perfect fit hey Brianne sending
the camera off it's couple days later
than I told you it's kind of sad imma
leave some of these scuffs and marks on
it it's bent there's no nothing closing
the lens this was the camera the things
they paid this idea yeah thanks Andrew
first of all giving us this camera at an
idea of going to your house because you
live relatively close to us within
driving distance and Jen said I might be
weird that might be rude as a mom I said
no one wants to just be dropped in on I
thought it'd be funny to think I'm bitch
you and leave us there that like the
theater came something so flame Jen if
you're disappointed well maybe we should
do that or blame or do things if you're
happy that we did to him we can pretend
to be fed ex and ding dong pitcher I'm
gonna put in this case to this case does
not go people it's not a camera's case
but it will protect it on its journey to
Sam did you have that view that Keith on
your mission did you yeah but that's a
case that some random person just gave
me after they perfect wow sheven
everybody's charger is a court in there
in case you have a card reader use it
however you want seriously no pressure
seriously there might be a secret
message on it to you never knew hey
Brianne we hope you enjoy the camera go
safely camera piece yay there goes yeah
fix that wait how do you is all fit
inside of there how do you guys not get
white wine did by Matt poo I hey guys in
there I'm getting older I just found
some old throwback footage from when we
first started dating my
on camera I was clear enough my memory
card I might have to poke post that this
week you guys want to see it I'll do it
it's pretty funny we look so young come
on again you ever appreciate what you
got until you're older and you don't got
it no more we're gonna open up three
packages we got a couple more things
that just came in the mail this weekend
this was a super cool letter pass /
package I'm not gonna say who it's from
just to protect them for security
reasons but we want to come visit you
look at this big ben rubber ducky can
you believe this right now can you
believe this super cute going in the
bathtub tomorrow when we have that time
and this right here on my knee Jen's
dream to go to London it's not seriously
I've been obsessed with London this is
very cool i really enjoyed this you
person that I'm not going to mention
your name and you mentioned that we
should do a hangout for the you kick
people in the UK not something that we
should do because we're up really late
anyway I feel always feel Matt it never
works out like yeah so let's do that
let's plan that let's find that for
after playlist live all of us will do it
together yes thank you are right posting
comments and say what is a good time for
us in America the whole bed hang out
sometime I hang out with you guys plus
we do want to come visit you I really do
for my walk on those cobbled streets
thank you thank you quack this package
is from Australia another place where I
want to visit so bad and oh
goodies a wrapped present Kim tans
cookies hahaha I just brushed my teeth
oh I love Tim Tim all right let's read
this one Eileen I've seen you on twitter
multiple times you even sent us our
Twitter interactions this long letter
dinosaur guys Australia has the best
licorice in the piracy made so I'm
hoping that these are the best gummies
I've ever eaten much of isla morrow cuz
i just brushed her to you and what's up
okay oh it's got to be under stuff
that's a little present and it's
probably to this little ornament I've
ever seen first one just perfect for
next year because somebody one oh yeah
we focus on look how cute it's a little
one up for it was for his first
Christmas it wasn't like it he's even
got a little toy thank you so much
Eileen seriously have some sweet you
rock Eileen by the way it would also be
our dream visit Australia Australia and
UK that's like done dream Australian
your travel europe the world I know
Australia is not Europe but I someone
who just got called in their mission
Australian church I was like lucky that
would be amazing array another package
from denna who is sent a package before
go green just read your letter and she
you guys she sent each one of us a
present and this one's for Noah would
okay don't open up knows we're gonna
open up Noah's with him he's gonna open
in himself so I'm putting this in the
shelf right here we'll open it tomorrow
maybe jen can open it with them before i
go home or I want to see minute hey what
is that serious wait it's a beautiful
scarf oh my gosh denna oh that's not
kind of like sorry denna who I'm only
the good fit color like i'm gonna wear
that every day I like that it's so
pretty yeah
thank you so much oh my gosh here's Sam
oh my gosh blonde money immediately it
was like a dollar in a couple of
quarters there alright den aye aye win
with this save this save this with the
box but this put all the calumny in
there and we'll make a trip to the comma
Sheen oh my denna what that is awesome
so nice michigan state shirt cuz i love
Michigan see I this is sweet cheer whoa
like in your mouth be honest I'm I'm
probably gonna start working out on this
this be like a perfect shirt for me to
wear to the gym that's then I can see on
my sweat hashtag say sweaty come on
that's so nice of you you rock then I
love the camo chu that's a detail thanks
Donna that was very thoughtful and I
will hopefully win you something at the
claw machine yo check it out I'm wearing
at the bed it's comfy perfect fit yeah
not some shirt so thank you everyone I
hate you guys and I love you guys that's
all I gotta say yeah that's all i gotta
say you're awesome i was just talking to
jen that on my channel and i'm gonna
create i was think about making like a
little mini series of going to the claw
machine and just go in at it for you
guys all right guys this case but I love
him I need to go to bed jenny has to go
to bed big day tomorrow we have fun week
we have a fun we're going to a movie
showing oh yeah I'm not sure everyone
who's gonna be there but I think it was
gonna be pretty fun plus I'm excited
just to support and see the video so a
little special showing we might go down
to Sundance uh-huh I want to well
they're supposed to be good so we'll see
we opened automail today and it's always
fun to learn more about you guys and
makes me feel like connected to the
Famicom yeah like let's just keep doing
this let's keep posting more videos it's
fun so thank you will see you guys
tomorrow peace out mmm the song time
you do everything that I see our Johar
love emotion endlessly I can't get over
you peace out I'm the piece and I see
Bruce
