hi hey hey you
hi hey what's up YouTube fam
Jenna's working out this morning me and
know we're hanging out having some
father-son bonding playing a little tag
the rules are that you have to stay on
your hands and knees crawl around that's
how we play tag right no feet all right
let's go
tag you're it I got you I got you I got
you I'm over here hey you found me you
got me don't tag me no no oh dang it now
I'm it you go run now you run it's gonna
be a great Saturday
don't say dad dad three times now
whether it's unintentional
you want them to just taste an orange
okay just have one little taste mom is
good if you're eating it must be good
but I can't really get out one it's not
quite a lemon lemon I mean this I know I
just wanted he's never tried it how he's
dead loves you like that I think he
likes that I like it and I knew I kind
of thought you might like citrus because
I had so many oranges during pregnancy
yeah I love citrus he's like oh mom I
haven't had these for like for like
eight months nine months since you've
been in the womb okay
you really like that I put the Warrens
inside this little like strainer juice
string thing he is obsessed with this
orange I just gave him a new one and he
can't stop sucking oh of course not wait
where'd the orange go yeah I didn't go
is loving orange I think he loves orange
as much as I love orange now I did eat
all the orange when you were in the womb
though that might have something to do
with it it's a shirt is that orange good
he demolished this one he sucked all the
juice out of it he's that good orange
buddy have you been having a good day he
hasn't had very good naps today okay
okay just going just down note to self
put bib on baby when eating juicy fruit
put on baby what's that you remember
when we got family pictures taken about
a month ago as during Christmas two days
after Christmas we got those back and
we're look
right now there's a lot that we were
like there's a lot that are funny
they're just they're good pics all
around yeah I like this kid he's just
still the show
look it's my family I love this picture
because you can kind of tell that it's
freezing look at my dad is like bed
scientists here everyone's a little bit
like shoulders up kind of like whoo I'm
cold I'm kind of like ah it's kind of
cold and it was like yo what's up with
that breeze though my eyebrows
we took a ton of pictures like there are
these ones inside I'm not like a huge
fan of them just because it looks like
our family as Jen said is even bigger
than it already is with these people in
the background I was just kind of like
the backdrop that was there though I
don't know if we were anticipating that
there's a ton of pictures though oh I
didn't realize that there's silly ones
for the silly ones I don't feel like I'm
that silly in any of them it's still
loading there's my sister Kristi and her
family they've locked glass bossy search
M POS se is buzzing oh yeah there's us
no uh-oh for how I know is hair looks so
different it just doesn't you can't
capture it all on pictures I feel like
it we're out cold it was too what I
wanted champ on there's Kourtney and
Riley oh look at these two little
lovebirds mom and dad you guys are cute
I know you're watching this oh nothing
hey he's a cute that's a cute picture
that's a cute one Lindsay and her family
oh you guys are cute I love all of them
that one though look at her do those
splits
everyone's going on the way up we always
have done jumping pictures like dating
back we have tons of jumping pictures
off to post those in another vlog
sometime this one no is like yo look at
me I'm flying in that I love the cousins
yep they're all cousins I'm making up
this song and then Pippa I'm like at
Abe's here too no it's just like oh man
that's breeze somebody no one told me
about the breeze
hey yo nobody told me about the breeze
guys look at that face
look at that face oh man and this woman
look at imposing there oh yeah you so
cute angel baby
I'm so glad you're in our lives to you
de man yo what up hipster baby we going
out let's hit the town baby
searchers means only one thing dance
parties and last time we were here we
did not have a baby
who eats pinkies backwards we are here
to get our props perhaps I don't know if
you go that for our 50k dance party we
stopped to film our part that's part of
the reason why the video is not up - we
just haven't had time to film our part
should we wear costumes this time should
I get a giant baby bottle there's gotta
be confetti right
lotta confetti these are kind of
interesting Wizard of Oz masks the lion
Burger King monkey searchers has
everything and I feel like everything in
every color that you could want I mean
it just goes from like red black blue
purple green red pink orange yellow
that's terrifying Jabbawockeez or yeah
they were though something here's the
dragon costume that Maya nice wears to
every single sporting event of her
sister because they're the Dragons you
guys know what that is you only see it
in the intro every single day I'll have
Noah shoot that baby uh-oh
lights up no what
No this texture though he does not like
the texture this is weird
he doesn't like these things but it's so
funny I never really liked him either
kind of smell bad
yeah Tommy little hipster baby-smooth
Gillian we at Target baby that is the
baby trying to baby-proof the apartment
better we really haven't done that good
of a job we've kept our I know it all
Thames but you got it you got be safe
you got to be careful so we're looking
for things to put in the outlets to make
sure you can't fool around with that I
got to do better with my cables and just
everything that's not designed for a
baby to play with so we're here at
Target looking for that stuff it's weird
that this is where my life is right now
baby-proofing my son can crawl and move
I have a son this guy could not wait for
us to you and pay for his food he's had
three of those in a row I think we're
gonna start trying to make more food for
him I also found a poster frame for my
poster 18 by 24
finally just kidding I just have picture
the poster with a white frame it looks a
lot better like that
whenever it gives you life
get it I was like you let me blog so
yeah we got a bunch of photos there's
like 750 family photos 300 something
there's just three different variations
of them all it's kind of fun you guys
have probably seen a bunch on Instagram
and flooded the Instagram waves with
that can't help it no was just too cute
and we got a we got a blow one up and
then put it on let's see
above the fireplace I think that's what
Jen wants to do so we gotta do if you
got so many recommendations on a good
place to do that
yeah huge picture anything like that let
us know cuz that's something that we
want to do we it's funny we don't have
like any pictures anything of us anywho
I'm gonna shut this vlog down we will
see you guys tomorrow Noah you do my
rose
say goodbye tomorrow love ya bye
peace hey
you do everything that I see I want your
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you
