you look so gay Oh
you're in quite mysterious you are I
know you think it's so funny yeah she
had my shoe this morning like Noah don't
eat that shoe and then he turns around
smiled and goes back to eating fish you
think you're so funny mister there's
someone in the comments recommended tag
eise it's like they're like blankets
it's a whole bunch of like tags that
look just like this I think I should get
him one
because he loves tags anything has a tag
he wants it
I'm worried that once I get the blanket
or the little whatever it is all the
tags on it he's gonna be like oh I don't
like tags anymore like he usually does
cuz you like that sometimes
good morning to you too sir if you're
like kids never want to play with their
toys it was gonna find what's definitely
not a toy and play with that she loves
playing with these metal chairs loves
playing with his car seat shoes you know
but he has all these toys here and he
doesn't care one bit about them right
now go play with your toys I resorted to
getting him his own shoe to chew on
that's clean
now you can chew on your shoe this
morning I went for a very banana
chocolate protein smoothie kind of
random tastes pretty good I still gotta
use that protein powder tastes good it's
very strong
most of the vanilla one isn't as bad but
who knows I feel like protein powder is
just gonna taste like protein powder
right guys I officially lost 5 pounds I
feel like I'm like where should you I
have a lose another pound oh I
feel good feel good although this is
really hurting my arm I'm sorry I got no
one of those taggi blankets from Target
they had their tell me or somebody in
focused let me start the whole thing
over just gay I'm not going to he
doesn't like it why don't you like this
play with it
play with that he doesn't even care
about it seriously kid my mom what what
you can't tell me what you like mom
eeny Meeny he just throws it that's what
he does
nope do you want it or no we're just
about to pack up and get ready to go
pick up Sam from work and then we're
heading to meet with some friends when
they go see some for my gosh you just
tooted that was cool
yeah I know you did how dare you blame
me mom that way that was you that was
definitely you hey guys going to meet up
with Ellie and Jared and Brian and Missy
Rebecca turns Pennsylvania Avenue that's
where the White House is but the White
House in the Utah we're gonna race some
cars baby go kart racing I probably
won't salute the baby and then we're
gonna go in the car steering with me
away yeah baby
nice little - yeah let's do it yeah he's
starting to enjoy that more here with
Ellie and Missy and the boys are over
there the boys over there signing in to
go racing in here I'm not gonna do it
lol you sick all over he has on his
forehead and right here in everybody's
lip I was just kissing him all over the
place oh hi everyday struggle everyday
okay okay that was a little bit of a
struggle right
it's like a do-rag
gangsta baby nation don't card up do a
couple Tokyo dress like what's on your
head dad oh my goodness okay
here you give this back to misty over
there okay they're about to go got to go
race in the race cars
yo we out here huh we out here we bout
to race I'm going all black everything
right now I think this is the one will
fit me an extra large oh my gosh they
look clear so I'll have to write down
their heads Noah we're gonna wash tell
you base what steady beat here's one for
the camera need somebody can have it
oh and Bryan's got the GoPro on
this is Sam's ghetto GoPro have to be
reflection he has it inside of his
helmet
and the GoPro hooked up and you guys
even hear me I don't even know if you
can hear me about vlog didn't even hear
myself talking you look kind of scary
good is that all black everything baby
and the race is underway
fans in last place
catchup
I hope you can hear me no can't stop
watching
one day you like one day that day though
I think he could watch them race all day
you like watching them race hi buddy
it's really cold and like the race arena
so we came back inside how was it how
was it oh that was it okay that guy do
you have fun with the freezing my oh my
your beards are red were you you're like
half hot and half cold I'm quick fun
okay so is Yoshi Yoshi and then Brian
and then toad and then reach Oh average
miles per hour for me was twenty one
point zero nine yeah this is cool his
average was twenty we all got dominated
by Mike and Mikkel Yoshi was Jared he
got the fastest average left amongst us
and the fastest lap overall I had one I
had one good lap which was still one
second slower than Jared's I was toad
Brian was Koopa Missy was Beach average
miles per hour how he did it he was
going 24 miles per hour 33 didn't work
out we just had a
delicious meal Thanks
steak fries salad wrapped in bacon
peppercorns steak and now we're going to
take a quick selfie you got poop
everywhere oh I think I got poop
everywhere now my poopy hand on my face
no one's getting in this PJ's right now
cuz it's bedtime what's up peeps it's 9
o'clock we just got home knows asleep I
joked with Jenna I was like beginning of
the gym tonight she's like I matter of
fact I am dedication to the Keysha go
keep it going if I hadn't gone last
night I'd definitely go today maybe I'll
do some push-ups sit-ups different
things like that but we had a really fun
night it was fun going garden go-karting
go-karting it was cold my heart hands
were like sore yeah freezing that's cool
just standing there watching this again
yeah owned by the pro go Carter and his
son I'm guessing that his son made a
delicious meal it was really good really
good we'll have to go back and it was
good company the fun part is we're gonna
see each other again in two weeks and we
go out to our Linus for playlist live if
you guys want to see more footage from
tonight you can go check out Ellie and
Jared and the daily bumps I'll put both
of their links in the description all
you guys probably already know who they
are though yeah it's fun I also just
check the mail and it's really cold
outside it's colder than it's been in a
while well I found out that it's
actually sometimes warm in Florida which
I was surprised cult cult because I
served my mission in the Dominican
Republic which is it's farther away but
it's you know the kind of same region of
the world and it was always so hot but I
guess it does get chillier in Florida I
don't know if you can see my breath but
any people will feel warmer than this
and we got to the shirt design that I
posted all of you guys liked it a lot of
you guys said is Mary mixed too complex
luckily we do a lot of them there will
be about like different shirts I also
came up with a much simpler design I
have a couple ideas that I'm going to
share with you guys coming up will get
this ball rolling
get it going we might do the simpler
design first and then a more complex one
later we'll see what happens tomorrow we
are celebrating our anniversary for
years no wait took two years to
celebrate sorry four years laughter we
didn't celebrate by we have to strip one
time with our friends see you guys
tomorrow
come celebrate with us for years yes
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion and the speed
I can't get over you and what
