let me know what you guys think it's
this is just very rough very well
something that I put together
guys we were in bed before midnight last
night first time in I don't even know
how long years I can't remember the last
time I was asleep before midnight but we
were both asleep before MIT before
midnight and so was this guy and he
actually finally put himself to sleep
because he knows how to sit up in bed
now and will just cry until we go in
there and hold him which I tried to not
do last night so it was better and he
slept so well he slept until like after
4:00 which was amazing because he's been
waking up multiple times a night
recently and I don't even know why did
you want to see yourself in the camera I
don't know why he's been making him too
much but yes it's just you know he's a
baby
so we're trying to he said super great
last night but I was really grateful
honestly that he did wake up a little
bit because I had the worst nightmares
ever I hate nightmares you guys the one
night I'm like yes a such a restful
night of sleep anyway nightmares of
course the one night we go to bed early
I'm so I don't feel rested because I had
nightmares and they were about zombies
and literally those are the only things
that give me nightmares are friggin
zombies can't stand it I didn't watch
anything or do anything related to
zombies before bed I tried to avoid
zombies I haven't even read my Flake I
haven't finished my book yet I haven't
gotten very far because I'm nervous so I
did wasn't even reading that last night
still ahead zombie nightmares family
this morning I told my nightmares he's
like dang the one night I was we were
all gonna have a restful night of sleep
not for Mom feel like it was if there
was ever a zombie apocalypse
no there won't be if there ever were a
zombie apocalypse I would just say bite
me let's get this over with I can't I
can't be running away from zombies can't
do it just turn me turn me into one
let's get it over and I'll just turn
Noah into a baby time because if I won't
eat them guys I won't eat Noah I'll just
do a little bite and then he'll be my
baby zombie so I hope you guys had
better sleep than I did this kid did
he's up really good no I just slept for
two and half hours are you feeling good
I'm feeling good I think we were both in
need of a little extra sleep cuz this
kid does not usually take his morning
nap isn't usually two hours it's like a
half hour to an hour maybe
and then it's afternoon nap is an hour
to an hour sometimes sometimes usually
an hour and a half but this morning two
hours so I think it's time to get a baby
gate definitely need to move that little
limestone Anderson sign but you go Noah
Noah peek-a-boos whose most favorite
thing right now and he laughed at my
horrible singing hi I think this month
for sure husband his like most intense
like development month he has learned to
crawl he said mama he is eating I don't
know he's eating a little bit more food
and what else maybe that's a leading to
crop and sing mama are you stuck under
there peekaboo go get dad go get him go
get him
oh yeah over here I will be here Oh
Carly
cookie daddy slow and steady wins the
race take a little turtle now go get him
go get him
he looks this rug or in the tag go get
daddy are you gonna go make a wish on
the magic carpet yeah
Oh what up doe I just went to the store
to get some spicy barbecue sauce we're
having vegan nuggets and some bean and
cheese taquitos from Trader Joe's
they're pretty good so here's what I got
I got two barbecue sauces this one is
rich and sassy for the sassy cow right
here and then this will be my barbecue
sauce what's that say Devils Devils spit
hmm it's the devil's spit for adults
only super hot okay we'll see hopefully
that too hot to handle
apparently this is spit from the devil
which is kind of disgusting if you ask
me intro that taquito toe chin it's not
really chicken it's vegan chicken
whatever leads ever gonna bite me
seriously you try it's really not that
hot at all want to feel like mince kind
of spicy it's not that spicy at all
really isn't I mean it's like spicier
burrito spits not spicy well your tongue
is just well-trained mmm got a kick so
much on yours no devil spit from me try
just a little bit no I just don't like
that flavor
at this time a night is when a Noah gets
a little bit crazy it's almost 7:00
which is almost bedtime bath time he's
just eaten he's looking at me giant poop
probably trying to poop okay on a scale
of one to ten if Noah was a video game
character and crawling was one of his
skills yesterday I put him at like him
too
today he is leveled up to a level eight
seven point five seven and he doesn't
just curl in his like normal I mean when
he's on this let me show you how are you
pal he uses his knees on carpet but on
the wood floor he likes to use his feet
like he's practically like standing on
like hardwood and he's just like look at
do you right now see I told you and so
funny it's crazy how like instincts of
babies all right how you gon to a
seven-hour time or just show me you can
run you smell poopy not it none of it
already if he looks at himself he'll run
to it go well now you're sliding this is
not a seven Noah this is not a seven
it's more like a five okay let's see I'm
gonna copy there you go you're faster in
the carpet oh yeah that's my dude daily
progress you learned so much every
single day like a week ago
we should flashback to a week oh we're
like he's almost crawling our duty crawl
when we could go from today
oh my gosh oh my gosh
he's calling he's calling oh my gosh you
guys he just crawled about one week
everyday I Love You Man that one time
dude pound it pound it okay pound it
pound it he's gonna read he's like dad
read me just read me these again tonight
let's go to bed we're gonna read it
first I must pray or hey mister you
ready to go to Orlando you ready to go
to Orlando you got your sweet chunks on
you can't wear those to bed what are you
trying to do and then you like moving
around these days yeah you swim chunks
on over you to DJ's go work out yo Jen
goes every night I'm like every of the
night let me rap about this tell you
about it I'm about to go work out maybe
I can work out something good in the
hood yeah and Utah that's where I stood
to lose my weight I went on a date with
Jenn this weekend to celebrate oh how it
is for weird okay or your that we are
going to go on an anniversary date this
weekend we have a babysitter
mm-hmm two babysitter's cuz they're two
very good friends
at least Jen thinks that's good I'm
trying to put more into that it
this camera makes me look pink and
purple the sweat guys my motto of 2015
stay sweaty and steamy why if you stay
sweaty you stay healthy
you barely slow in your cut no sweat no
pain no gain hashtags stay sweaty baby
you don't sweat if you do - tags what
that health back into your body right
stay sweaty people
hashtag stay sweaty and steamy okay hey
guys got to wrap this up I remember
yesterday that I said I was on the phone
and I would tell you what I was talking
about it's finally happening
I know there's been a holies promises
Amica merch shirts whatever it didn't
happen and I remember I told you guys I
was honest with you I didn't like who we
were working with necessarily before not
that I didn't like them I just didn't
like a great company yeah I just needed
a fresh start really had nothing to do
with them it just was more me so I've
put a concept together and we're gonna
get a couple other concepts together I'm
not gonna tell you all of them but this
is one of them I'm gonna give you a
sneak peek okay let me know what you
guys think it's this is just very rough
very well there's something that I put
together yep that would be Noah with
Samek ahead on holding si Racha and hot
sauce reading the si Racha rooster on
top of a Chipotle burrito yeah to change
we just wanna give the company some
ideas like what we're looking for what
do you think would you wear a shirt that
looked like that a lot of different
ideas some people want but the other
thing is to Israel
to multiple ones I think this would be
hilarious what I want to do is also put
sweets in his hands
Jenna had another idea of having
different faces like Jen's face on one
mind I think Noah's face is perfect
much like a different like different
animal you and I have different ideas
for different ones so what do you think
of that this is for you guys like we
want you guys come on rock this to work
in regional game you know I will wear
one too I love it I want them to love it
too
yeah exactly we want this to be a joint
think something that we all can enjoy so
it's kind of crazy it's kind of funny
but I think it's different I think we're
finally on the right track though with
what I'm just like it's me brainstorming
basically so um you know yeah I think if
you want to see that any other ideas I
mean I have a couple other ideas that
are pretty they're right there all right
thing kind of like this but different
fun so anyways it's 12:30 12:40 the
knife work in the morning I want to edit
this so if I can get up in the afternoon
tomorrow we're going out to hang out
with some friends I bet you guys can't
guess who it is if you watch multiple
blogs they'll just have to wait till
then we'll see you then love so you guys
think goodnight love you oh my goodness
good morning yeah even fun in your bed
yeah
