good morning good morning
givin fun in your bed yeah oh you
definitely makes waking up fun I like
you you're standing wonderful isn't okay
now you're trying to climb over we're
gonna need to pick up bad I can't
believe it I can't even believe it
well I guess we're at that age now where
he's pulling everything off his shelves
he doesn't even play with this stuff he
just wants to pull it off isn't that
right you just want to pull everything
off I'm not letting get all the books
because they're just too many books
Ephram you to pull off mister
he's so tired but he won't go to sleep
yet you're so tired mommy so tired too
they're gonna be so tired just staring
into space
haha bubby I love you love you oh are
you talking to Siri today who you callin
ya I'm neither Siri this kid is still a
little bit of a funk today now we're
gonna go out and get some air some fresh
air get in the car go for a little Drive
maybe he'll take a mini nap probably not
that's okay we have a long afternoon
that may be sir I was having weird
dreams in my sleep I think he pooped
himself awake he's been doing that
lately he's been like pooping five times
a day
he is so confused as to why there's
words on the phone
Siri is still a little confused as well
he's so funny a crazy slash very
exciting thing is about to happen
Oh got it my cousin when my like when my
best friend cousins we grew up together
like basically for a lot of our
childhood she interested and their
little baby
cuz he are moving in next door I can't
believe it I can't even believe it they
just got a new job out here she's like
looking for apartments and stuff and the
parents we live in are great and they're
like pretty affordable and everything
for this area we're in school ad like
the office person give them the do party
right next door and I'm kind of freaking
out because I'm neighbors with my like
one of my best friends I'm so excited
right now
oh my gosh like I can throw a rock at
their window that's how close I'm living
to my cousin's okay to grew up with one
of your cousins well kind of cousin it's
a second cousin but still that's a
cousin in my book ever since yesterday
when he really like took off
Hugh has not stopped nope here he goes
he kind of scoots still it's not like a
perfect crawl to scoop but hey it's
crazy anyway I'm really excited they
actually just started vlogging a little
bit vlogging their family which is
really fun we had fun here it's gonna be
a really fun year and more exciting news
my brother Matt the marine and his wife
are moving out to Utah and probably in
this same area I'm like dying like we
have never had family in Utah with us
before like the entire like six years
we've lived here we've never had like a
lot of family in the area I've had like
my cousin Brittany but she's always
lived south from us she's actually
Jordans sister so my cousin Jordan
that's moving in next door her sister is
Britney and Jordans been in a couple of
vlogs too I'm just so excited though my
brother Matt is moving out and probably
April I think there's wife Haley and
they have a vlog to randomly okay like
both my family members that have blogs
I'm moving out to Utah in my
neighborhood in my apartment complex I'm
really excited I like don't really know
what to think right now she told me
which apartment she's moving into him
like I'm pretty sure that's the building
next door and so me and no one out to
look for it and sure enough she's moving
in next door look at this hair he's got
going on the weirdest little thing of
hair I don't get it
um it's probably fun she just had a new
baby
she's like only a couple months old two
months old three month old now two or
three month old anyway you'll have fun
with Cassie huh yeah you will we're
excited and they're moving in like a
week
cuz Sean's new job was like can you be
out here in two weeks and they're like I
guess so
so they're packing up and moving like
right now which pans go oh oh oh'
can you get out of that oh oh I know
hello
hello face is joke yo why you so cute
huh
are you so cute I love you
you just doing tricks for the camera you
want to do it climb up on this chair so
bad but he can't read yet
that's my exciting news so much family
moving to Utah this year and my mom's
thinking about moving to Utah oh my gosh
everyone is moving to Utah and I am so
excited
I told me how to do his Knightly
exercises or he wouldn't get dinner come
on keep going keep going you got some
more to pump note in it for you unless
you keep pumping that don't believe he
looks so little for me a little preview
of the 50k dance party have no have no
dance
towards me his hair think is Dwight
Schrute hair right now he's doing
Sammy's sipping soda pop SSS big t
little T what we kids with T 10 tired
Turtles on a touchdown Super Bowl Sunday
total touch tree big you little you that
begins with you Uncle Bob's umbrella
and is underwear too he keeps changing
the words in it's really funny feel
it'll be what begins with be very very
big violet and violet violet you little
w what begins with W Willie's in the
washtub washing Waldo tail risk
let me whoa whoa whoa big X little
Iceland
with X X ray and xylophone xxx I think
this one is one of my favorite dr. Seuss
books why it's really fun hamster
come on little gerbil hands straight
your food gerbil hamster guinea pig over
here come here
bring the food to me now have him go to
him good - there you go bubbies oh my
goodness some reason it's so cute when
he eats this is feeding position he puts
his hands on his knees
mom's giving him some pumpkin apple oh
how I feel but yet he wants more oh I
love you man I love you there we go I
just want you to see I want you to try
what pumpkin apple sauce tastes like mmm
it's not mad it's like that's actually I
mean I just think it's sweet for him
because he's a little baby it's really
not bad
he loved apple sauce I mean he's every
bait he's like
oh he loves his dad hey you hey so I'm
at the next day I went to bed early last
night
I fell asleep watching the show called
Dance Moms you probably have never heard
of it fell asleep
whatever whatever
then I got in bed and was asleep before
midnight people do you know the last
time that happened to me I don't know I
don't think I've ever been did have I
ever been asleep before midnight when
we've been married only when you're ill
and if even that like I don't feel like
it's usually before midnight that's
crazy
how do I feel today or tonight cuz it's
actually better the vlog better tomorrow
I'll probably feel better tomorrow it's
true I feel like it affects you more the
next day because I just feel whatever
you know I just feel normal it's feel
like it's been a normal day excited for
family to move in we'll put links to
their vlogs in the bottom if you guys
want to go say hey Noah's can have more
friends to play with yeah Johnson needs
more babysitters
alright guys also I just got off the
phone with someone I'm working on
something I'll tell you guys tomorrow if
you'd guess in the comments what it's
about I'll tell you if you're right for
real I will because I don't know if
anyone's gonna get it all right no one
needs like a signature sign-off
I had bet it no eat the camera
you do everything that I see I want your
hot love and emotion and this be I can't
get over you Oh she'll eat it
by Babur nation
