you go like this
good morning peeps this man right here
what's up all night we gonna sleep all
day party all night there's one of those
nights you just expected as parent keep
going hopefully he gets a look good
little napping today what happened last
night huh you just want that party just
got bored in there
I love having an organized house like
that's that's going hang out but it's so
much cleaner than it's been in a while I
here's need a vacuum today little kids
just starting to play today
happy Martin Luther King jr. Day
everybody so the roads are really
weren't that busy I think I'll have the
day off Sam doesn't but I think a lot of
other businesses do if you couldn't tell
we kind of are like weekly shoppers some
people do two weeks up in one trip we
just do one week in one trip you know to
another grocery store and kind of just
hang out because I think this kid's
gonna have some good naps today guys
this little monkey just crawled to me I
trying to figure it out he kind of
figured out that he thing like scoot
with his foot kind of I'll try to get on
a camera it's really cute you know Julie
boy aha
I found what was in the little guy's
mouth yarn from this uh-oh we're gonna
have to put this away
I didn't realize these little things are
falling off he just likes the way it
feels you know but if you're gonna start
not good I'm glad I got that before you
tried to swallow it I love you come come
be the camera kind happy boy Oh yep
we're getting the hang of it uh bud you
guys I'm really sorry I know it's in the
vlog the other day when I was watching
it my baby voice is kind of like really
annoying
sorry about that that's just the voice
that comes out can't help it my voice
goes up a notch when I talk to him I
think every mom's voice does and dad's
your bunny here he comes here he comes
here he comes
yay
hey that was good oh goodness I think
you can be very mobile this week yeah
hey hi so fun I love this age right now
it's taco night
we're gonna try the Genio Veen ground
turkey it should be good I'm really
excited I feel like we tried something
like this maybe once but I can't
remember
hey this is the brand they have on The
Biggest Loser right Jenny oh that should
be good I know seasoning packets aren't
the healthiest and neither are crispy
top of Michelle's crunchy taco shows but
you know at least the main innards of
the tacos the meat is healthier than the
ground beef you know so I'm excited
about the pan going and I've got the
oven on because we like to bake our
shells because they cannot really crispy
and yummy and we also love to get the
flat ones that stand up no I just feel
like they taste better I just really
like them I've got a little sous chef
here in the kitchen with me and with
some Tupperware and his little crunchy
set but he's just been all over the
place today he does a little drag where
he'll have one foot in the crawl
position like one knee bent and then
like this like he sits he scooches with
his little bump and is a little one knee
bent it's really cute oh there he goes
go get it Noah go get it but he's really
long so he just reaches for things and
gets it without having to crawl it's
really funny
oh no go get it go get it yeah go get it
he just keeps rolling it away from him
oh good job you got it
now let's slide you back into the
kitchen let's pledge back in here good
there you go I think we're gonna try to
hang stuff up it's kind of light now and
I don't think people appreciate
hammering I forgot to buy nails today
when I was at Walmart all my pictures I
saw at Walmart
why don't you come say hi you should
come say hi even though even if I was
already in my car that's still okay you
can come say hi but hi anyways sorry I
didn't get to see you oh so you think
that beef uh-huh that I am base Oh Jenna
it shows you look at this beautiful
dinner she made of Turkey that's a
healthier alternative to beef healthier
Jenna Yelp necessary healthier hey
7% fat on the 7% fat I'm only got seven
percent more fat mom we're coming for
you he's learned to crawl I don't know
if he's quite down with how much energy
it takes would it be a day-to-day thing
like yep
mission accomplished someone's holding
me now I can just sit in my throne and
fly around baby whoo we have a whole new
world of baby proofing out of us whole
new world but as always we wouldn't have
it any other way
that's my guy that's my character it's
my guy you're my guy hey you're my guy
high five high five high five Michaels
hi babe
okay we need to come you know crawling
man
go get them Noah walking people do
Irish jig a nice people do let
me teach you how to walk Noah let me
teach you how to walk
that's how you already there's a couple
different ways you go like this watching
this camera I'm like purple I just got
two miles in another lot they're like
two minute miles and then I rode my bike
for two miles as fast as I could attend
resistance but I'm starting off Fatah
warming up getting back into things you
look at you better go look at you go no
Beachbody guide and you've been
dedicated every single day I feel better
how do you - every time I go and workout
I get started in a Michael okay and then
I go go go on a Mike okay okay okay I'm
just gonna do a little bit more oh and
then I started to like hide how far I've
been running and that way like I have no
clue so then when I switch to it I'm
like whoa seriously that's what I've
realized is because okay I honestly
don't like running and I've been feeling
fine like not running like on my cardio
days I don't feel like I have to run I
still feel good so what did you say I
don't know you don't have to run to work
out I've cleaned up my diet but I'm
still eating a couple things I like I
haven't had a burger in a while not
because I'm trying to avoid burgers but
I still at Chipotle last week I spread
it out over two days I'm Ellen joint
things imagine potatoes for lunch cuz
that's what they're serving it
at work it's also all about portion
control yeah I don't know if I control
my portions that's you much oh I like so
purple right now I've been drinking soda
in two weeks it has two sips of your
sodas that's it I had a mountain dew
before any so we're working on that the
base we're working on that I'm gonna do
a little dietbet check-in weigh-in to
see how I'm doing when I started I was
190 1.6 most of my life
yeah we have one day to 7.21 a 27.2 so
I'm down you know down four pounds so I
probably sweat it down just now but I
got two more weeks two more weeks no
turns to fun Karlie's yeah - Lucy
possible shoot I forgot that that one's
ending soon it's right like run playlist
when I started I weighed 150 8.4 I'm not
ashamed of that I'm tall so I was 150
point - Porton point for 142 point for
so much of your last six friends yep by
the way I'm Way myself at night so how
many women out there would say how much
they wait let's go she's awesome
you shouldn't be ashamed no one should
be ashamed it's like it's your body it
was being weird I'm gonna weigh myself
in the morning
it lets him to set the most important
thing is you're feeling good and I am
I'm feeling really good which is why I
keep going and working out because I
keep feeling better and better
hi mr. Grantham chocolate milk protein
yeah baby we be in the studio right now
I'm recording some voiceovers for work
the best place to do it is in the closet
because I don't know the sound just
sounds better I don't know the correct
terminology for why that is but it does
the sound sounds a lot better in here
and it's midnight and this is what I'm
doing that's a wrap voice-overs a lot
harder than I thought
but I'm officially a professional
voice-over artista a few things I'm
reading a book called crush it for seven
minutes like man I'm ready to crush it
that's great also I've talked to Sabina
men took I have her address you can mail
that out
if you want okay bring Noah and Brienne
no pressure
seriously I'm just happy that someone
yeah
don't feel bad like there's no pressure
it's just for fun you don't have to go
crazy Ernie another news Crossy Road
Crossy Road Jenna and I are gonna make a
video about Crossy Road and put it up on
the channel right where are our channels
you'll soon find out
I promise in a week or a month
everyone's when we play in this game I
think a lot of people already are
playing Crossy Road because I tweeted
about it and a lot of you guys said you
did if you are playing Crossy Road
what's your head score I want to know
how I stand this is the next people been
asking me and I'm like afraid to say cuz
I don't know how I stand amongst you
guys so if you play consti Road go let
us know post in the comments where your
a score is maybe we'll have to have some
sort of competition we love you guys we
will see you tomorrow
I've been up it's 1:30 a.m. I have work
in six hours and doing voiceovers and
that's life my life I wouldn't have it
any other way
hey what's up my life son my life be
like
you everything that I see our Joe have
love and emotion and let's be I can't
get over you your oh my goodness your
high score and Crossy road is only -
what what's your favorite character -
favorite character what should i strive
for it it's all luck anyways the
characters in the boxes unless you pay
for one which I'm not gonna do
