I start it so good morning
crickets we went on the bike ride this
morning with our friend from church and
then now we're at the library to get out
for a little bit because I'm trying to
decrease the screen in television time
but it's hard because they enjoy screens
just like any child so library it is you
guys this is hand yep I'm going to go
look at the water yeah let's see the
Ducks
I put aside today Monday to be kind of
my busy day to get all my work done
there's always like paperwork and emails
and things like that to get done and
I've had the hardest time focusing today
most of you are aware of what happened
last night when I went to bed I saw in
the news that there have been a shooting
in in Las Vegas actually still someone
post on Facebook but Big C he lives in
Vegas and I looked into it and it said
two people have died and I was like this
is terrible like again something else I
wake up it's even worse following all
the coverages has been devastating me I
felt terrible you don't want these sort
of events to happen to anyone the
interesting that I've been able to pull
away from a lot of this including the
disasters in this event last night is
the people that come together that unify
you don't want events like this to be
the reason why people are united and are
nice to each other I got an email from
the local gym here that I just signed up
for and they said hey we're gonna be
setting up blood drives that people can
go donate at and it's just amazing to
see the response it gives you hope
sometimes you just are clouded with evil
when you look at the news and you read
things as I try and clear my mind and
get my work done today I'm just
embracing
unity and the nice actions of people and
all the money that's been donated we've
donated money to hurricane relief we
haven't done anything for the shooting
I'll be honest I have like kind of
terrified of giving blood I almost
fainted at Jen's like a birth and seeing
needles and stuff and for a while I had
the excuse but I couldn't give blood
because I lived in the Dominican
Republic and that they said something
like I couldn't give blood for ten years
I'm almost out of that so I need to man
up and do my part anyways I hope that
these vlogs can be something that's
uplifting and positive in your life that
when you watch this you're happy
whenever we were siblings like Jenn
siblings my siblings ever really said
this but they always whenever they hang
out with us too like I just I can't have
kids I this is so much overwhelming and
I'm never having kids and not because of
the recent events that have been
happening but just because they think
our kids are like a lot of work our life
definitely isn't perfect and kids are a
lot of work in no way do I ever want to
portray like a perfect family either
because like we work on everything we do
but I hope that these moments here are
relaxing to you and that you enjoy them
most importantly I hope those that live
in these areas that have been affected
by so much I hope you guys are safe and
that your families are safe and I know
like thoughts and prayers aren't enough
but constantly thinking of you guys and
hope we can do more to help we don't
over last a very very long time inside
of the library DJ just wants to run
around they played for a little while
and ready I read halfway through a few
books and now they wanted to come to the
water which I was finalist run around
down here except for there's no like
barrier on the whole thing which makes
me really nervous
I don't want to jump into a lake yeah
it's beautiful
stay right here on the edge don't touch
that I feel like they died this water
why do you see them what do you see be
carefully put your hands so there's lots
of duck poop yep see hi hello
should we go over onto the bridge okay
let's walk that way okay little naughty
baby turn run after all the birds she
loves nature listen when mommy says to
come back you see some ducks duck
looking at you hi ducks yep that's the
baby climb in the log he thinks you have
food for him I just got back from Trader
Joe's and look at what Noah and daddy
made together show me what it is I'm
gonna help you put those back on look at
this it's an airplane with an airport
it's amazing daddy did such a good job
oh that's here pour over there those
Legos oh he's really added on to that
yeah yeah looks great he made three
airplanes that were just as good that
lady really and then it fell apart so we
I started a structure PJ first jr. just
like making it so it's more stable he's
been all that did he add the chairs on
there no yeah it looks so good
oh that's the airport right there that's
awesome Trados was great met Taylor it's
nice to meet you thanks for bagging my
stuff
Taylor what's the voice yeah Taylor if
she watches her vlogs and she came up
she's like hey let me help you pack that
stuff and I was like oh thanks just like
I watch your videos like literally like
six packs of cauliflower cauliflower
rice in there some other lady had comes
on how much cauliflower rice outside as
well I like to think forward of like I
should get two more just get sick and
she's like oh that's good stuff you know
the comforting on the way I was grabbing
like two more like how my husband really
likes it
we don't live near Trader Joe's okay
because I got a lot of great stuff I got
just do a little that's all if you guys
a lot of you guys are always common that
you like seeing what we get from Trader
Joe's or from the grocery store
I do get those cookies because carne
asada stuff this is really good pizza
dough it's like raw and you have to do
it like use the flour and like that's
really good it's mozzarella cheese I
wanted to try this butternut squash mac
and cheese
Sam's mom just tried that looks good I
should've asked I got some potatoes I
got some mashed potatoes see with dinner
stuff sweet potatoes hi oh gosh maybe I
shouldn't do it all I got some salad
some broccolini some bananas peppers I
get some healthy stuff I got some spicy
sausage
I got cucumbers guacamole I got this
little balsamic chicken thing to try
with rice or something thought Sam would
want to try this he always likes trying
the pumpkin things you know I've come
out in the holidays
tons of cauliflower rice Sam really
loves that and he loves it now more so
than the fried rice that's healthier and
it tastes just as good yes I did get
some cookies hold on my favorite yogi
this is really good as well don't take
the cookies yet not yet I'll open them
you got Sam you peso dip I got saying
this really hot salsa to try but he
would enjoy that have already tried it I
don't know me regular salsa regular rice
for the children
with Sam some black bean taquitos that I
like these ravioli that are really good
three different things with the yogurt
this is my favorite yogurt for kids it
just it tastes good and uh for like it's
just a little bit better I don't know I
like it better that's all that's in
there more rice stuff these are really
really really good tortilla chips they
have a guy like a spritz of lime on them
and they're so good then I got my puffs
you know another bad to me I got the
kids
Cheetos cuz they really love Cheetos and
that's my trigger drug ha what do you
think
good okay if you let Google cookies and
maybe you'll get a cookie hey also my
hair looks pretty good straight and now
what to make of all this for dinner
here's the question it's like 12:30 but
look what I just finished and it's so
pretty and I love art didn't love blue
chairs I ordered I don't know if I've
mentioned it in the blog yet I did not
like them but I'm really sad because
it's really hard to return them so I
think I might have to like resell them
or something I should've just gotten the
chairs I really wanted which were the
target ones but they are more expensive
so I got the wayfarer ones
now I don't like the wayfarer ones
because they're the wrong shade of blue
there's this look weird they're just
sitting over there they're just sitting
there but this looks really nice
it's gonna go right there but no woke up
and poof just have again he was just
like laying on the stairs did not even
say a word and Sam turned round like
whoa
read it again the same thing with him
right now to come back to sleep and back
to head up to bed cuz something checked
ouch I'm about to bed I'm exhausted
this thing give me blisters man I've got
like blisters on my fingers look at that
thing can you see that thing
bingo screwdriver that thing this thing
is heavy which is nice it's really good
quality tomorrow I'll see you then bye
good night
my keep
