is the camera winner okay right okay one
final
good morning happy sunday good afternoon
we've gone to church been fed by the
good word got some pants here in my hand
we taught the little kids today and
they're very cool very fun always a
pleasure and little Noah's wearing his
elbow pad nice flannel shirt already
taken it off I see you know how to take
that off by yourself and see what's
behind that Bink was behind that big was
behind a pink go get it go get it now
hey you he was extra loud today at
church I had to walk around him a little
bit cuz he was just like please look at
you man he started over here crawled
over here stood up and now he's scootin
and I am the proudest father in the
world you're walking kind of not by
yourself you're scooting along objects
it's only a moment it's only it's only a
few minutes or seconds until he takes it
tipsy though like this kid the most
determined person I know right now
really I can't think of a more
determined person I know in my life
right now this second then you my man
that's pretty cool what's your next
trick let's see it 00 tipping we good we
good we good hey guys my little tooth
coming in I'm just showing up for dad
right now Oh what's down there dad I
think there's something down there dad
did you oh it's a pillow
no look say hi it's warm enough that we
can go for a walk on a Sunday one of our
favorite things to do on Sunday it was
48 degrees today probably about 38 now
feel nice that feels so nice it hasn't
been that bad of a winter but after just
being in the cold anything above
freezing feels really good yeah excuse
me how that happened this guy loves
being outside too yeah it's a nice
little treat for him to tell witn me my
child and the sky looks like little
cotton balls of marshmallows I love how
these guys are just cuddling right now
Hey look under 10 cuddle buddy oh my
goodness I took a nap today and had the
worst dream I just felt terrible when I
woke up and I tried to remember what it
was and part of it was that I got a
bunch of tattoos like in my dream I
looked down my arms I'm like I the
weirdest-looking tattoos right now and
I'm stuck with these forever like when
did I choose these designs what like how
did that happen and when I woke up how
psycho oh my goodness you know when you
like something happens in a dream you're
kind of relieved when you wake up that
was today no asian white and I was like
Jan no I need to hug you guys is that
because of the tattoos there's this just
like a weird dream in general yeah I'm
not against anyone with that Jesus what
I'm trying to say like delirious like up
like changing his diaper I was just so
out of it I don't know what I was
thinking I know oh my god wow that was
like the most crawling he's ever done
yes that's my do you record that guy
that guy right there yes ma'am here we
come he reckons you be good becomes
becomes the desert is it dead oh yeah
yeah
we just decided to do a major clean up
the clutter the living room / kitchen
area and I think it's reason I come down
tonight I think Sam is like in cleanup
mode and just like that Christmas is
over tears I got my extra week Sam did
get an extra two weeks I feel like last
week and he said no and I said yes so we
did for now time to pack it up and say
oh until next year Christmas tree till
next year we'll pull it out day after
Thanksgiving mhmmm start decorating the
Christmas ring before thanksgiving and i
get to vacuum under here Riley yay so we
finished cleaning up and putting the
christmas tree way and then we kind of
got in pitch to just get some of Noah
stuff like in frames so we started
putting his all those Jordan pictures in
the frames least for myself they look so
cool today I'm resizing these without
any rulers yeah we've been using the
straight cutter cardboard back guys
border it's gunman it's kind of been a
little stressful at first but it's
working they're so cool can't wait till
we hang them up I think tomorrow we're
gonna hang up suffer a pic G yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah so there they are great
frame got them all set good to go
probably gonna be something like this up
on his wall I think it looks pretty nice
they're thick frames to their nice
really like I'm i also did this put this
together this is a ticket from the ducks
and hawks game i went to with the puck
and then i'm gonna put a big picture
here of me and jens brothers we just did
all that free hand and now son's finding
the ruler the reason why i like all this
a lot is because i had sports stuff in
my room growing up no didn't go to that
hockey game I'm not hanging up in his
room but I went and it was cool to have
things
everything a collection of various
memorabilia the Blackhawks are super
good are now one of the best teams ever
not ever but they're great team so it'll
be really cool to have these in his room
I think he'll enjoy them throughout the
years he's definitely gonna enjoy these
as a bait he's in the look of those
every night before he goes to bed just
staying at it and descriptive kidding we
also got this picture frame for Noah
would put his little bracelet in there
from the hospital and we got to get a
picture of him I know exactly the one to
put in there we need a frame for this
and where she let go where are we gonna
hang everything let's put the wiener dog
schnitzel up on the wall above the
fireplace or do you want the mirror
there we need to decide 2015 let's get
it done so I keep saying we look at this
progress people progress all right to
the camera giveaway Jenna's picked five
names that she wants I feel bad guys you
guys know this is our original camera
it's not like the best one I know like
there's a reason why we're getting rid
of it a lot of you guys were like well
I'm gonna start my photography career
and this and that I feel bad i wish i
could afford to get a nice camera and
just give that away i'm going to get the
lucky sombrero to do this giveaway out
of so jen and i read the comments and
then Jenna mom chose most of them a
comment the names and she's gonna throw
these in the Hat right now there's no
favoritism she did it based on comments
5 different names whoever whoever this
name is who should pick it pick it I
want I think you should okay well oh we
lost him I don't know should that be it
I jumped out it jumped out that one
jumped out it jumped out I don't know I
was for still in here okay it's coming
back in if it was the one that will
speeches and they'll be chosen all right
here we go I'm like and I jittery oh god
I feel bad I honestly wish I could just
give her I think this but I give away
stink like this one only one person's
gonna be happy sorry guys i'll have to
do more okay with crane games Marilyn
okay what is it
I kind of thought when I was writing
names down like oh I would like if you
want Brianne Talbot is the camera winner
good tell us about Brienne and guys
don't judge don't be like I deserved it
more or this or that we really this was
hard for us and so we'll have to do more
things like this very soon hopefully we
can do another camera at some point to I
don't know when that will be this is the
original sama got headbutted camera Jen
tells about Brian so she started
watching I'm Jared two years ago and
then found us when we first starting a
million Jaden has seen all of our videos
and let's see she even sings the naked
baby dance to her baby she wants to
start a vlog so there you go let me tell
you bran this camera right here it's
kind of sad to say goodbye it's kind of
sad it's a very lucky camera so maybe
you can get some good footage of your
little baby too we need to see the naked
baby dance not the naked baby but the
naked baby dance so we're going to send
this your way email us at sanika blogs a
gmail account congratulations free and
gradual ations that is awesome and then
you said there's someone else in the
comments you wanted to give one of the
plush toys too yeah then the Kringle
yeah it's an empty weight we have one
going to let's just do one right now and
we need to figure out because we need to
know those other runs out tomorrow Jen
just got a bunch envelopes to mail out
the toys we got other crane game too so
who is it Jen sabina sabina and touka
sabina and i say your name Sabina men
men took that meant academ Sabina men
took took attack Sabina is it cool
you're getting a new on the price game I
really notice on the camera I just love
your comment oh hi I just loved it no
she's gonna send you yes NGO flashlight
yeah if you bought some envelopes
alright guys so that was the giveaway
I'm sorry for those that didn't win like
i said i wish i could give something to
everyone maybe we'll we'll figure
something out will do more things in the
future Sabina hello kitty is already
going to someone which was demo or the
pink monster you know it's both of those
have been kissed by no have been held by
Noah all right guys
we're gonna do more of these in the
future I'm having fun doing this I like
giving back even if it's just little
things like this do something nice for
someone this week I'll just know what
you guys did let's continue to develop
our friendship together our marriage
remember now are we getting married I
guess right Logan we'll see you tomorrow
love you guys peace oh I kind of want to
like head but this camera one more time
Wallace both have been it everything
ready to that came huh okay ready okay
one final I put two tomorrow peace
you
I
