oh you go man here's a new stuffed
animal - giant broccoli we're here have
a giant carrot like those
whoo got some sleep last night I think
like eight to nine hours it's like a
record for me and the whole month just
hanging out smooth chillin with my boy
right now we catching some college
basketball enjoying the Saturday morning
this is our Saturday morning cartoons
right now college basketball and he was
just sitting here enjoying every moment
he just pooped his pants I got to go
change him
mom's have some sort of special human
powers superpowers whatever you want to
call him because last night we went to
go at the same time and this morning I
was just like passed out I didn't even
hear Noah wake up and then I open up my
eyes and this girl it's doing work you
have some sort of superhero power just
like no I'm just responsible hey guys
putting on my whale shirt today really
like these parents can't wait to put
those on - and the bed has officially
been lowered no I start to sit up and
show signs of wanting to climb out of
his crib so we had to lower it so you
can Bob we don't need to get hurt I know
that you would actually try and climb
over that over the side of the couch
today and take a nosedive into his car
seat you try no he didn't same thing
he's little
this guy's an explorer is an explorer he
is the Christopher Columbus all I heard
Christopher Columbus was kind of mean
that's another Explorer Steve Ellis the
man that created you pull away John
Smith it is time for the beginning of a
new era see Roger no you kiss me lies
how these deadbeat job are you in the
shower the other day I like one like
this ah
like boom right into the soap just
what's your thing I mean like the older
and I just went straight into that
corner my phone charger night
I know I know if you are doing a behind
them
since the new CI dance oho no no it does
not care at all I just got back from the
gym and this is my composure free-kick
Noah what's that in your hand is dad
playing video games with you excited to
see you there he wants to get out of my
life come here he's just chillin in my
lap I gave him a controller and he was
perfectly content yeah he turned it down
though insert the play and I was like
whoa ha ha ha
were you playing buddy he sees yours
light up that's what he wants it on look
at you have your own Oh father-son
bonding video games I just completed my
two weeks of straight workouts every day
for two weeks
here we go for week three whoa got some
protein powder II don't really know my
mom just said this is a good kind I've
never had taking protein powder before
till this should be interesting
you pooped so I'm trying a different
type of protein type of smoothie today
I'm doing like a protein one and I'm
kind of just making it up as I go
because I just got this protein powder
as you guys know I talked about it I
started to do berries and chia seeds and
a little peanut butter and then we put
some almond chocolate milk which
probably isn't the best but hey what you
know it tastes good and I'm gonna put
some protein powder in there I think
about making some granola bars again
that's too much sense when try this and
see how it goes
Wow very very protein powdery so so I'm
going to put some pineapple in it and
see if that helps at all
I've never had fortunately it's acquired
taste probably right Cheers the protein
powder so if no one learned how to sit
up he didn't quite understand how to
slip in his crib until like the other
day when I showed you on the little
screen I just put him down for a nap and
that little stinker he has just been
sitting up in bed the entire time oh
come on focus focus focus
well now he's laying down but he
literally was just sitting straight up
hitting bed just playing with this puppy
that boy cracks me up I love him
do you see little legs kicking itself
buddy there's little legs go to bed Noah
there he goes oh no I don't think I want
to take a nap it's just so fun watching
him right now I don't know what I'm just
watching him he's just kind so big since
when does my little boy sit up in bed
nap time won't ever be the same again
this dude yeah I got you out of the crib
I know you wanted to get out we're ready
for nap time hello there good how goes
it you think you're clever would you
have to say about that I agree
you're a smart one but that is not for
18 what's with you and wanting to eat
electronics oh look who made it up onto
the bed where are you going
gonna Ikea to hopefully finally maybe
gonna light or to get some frame so he
can start hanging stuff up get
motivation to get the salmon Kowal up to
decorate the house it's 2015 we're
making things happen there's no longer
any excuses for saying no baby sleeping
now he's yeah don't know our favorite
places
sweet couches there's like bed couch to
go bed with a comfy oh yeah well they
don't need butts have sat on this couch
a lot of but I feel like this is me this
is like the artist I know I'm just
saying like this looks funny it's like
this wall and then it's me no this one's
okay haha this is like a fun I like that
I like that a lot
what if I had this behind me I'm doing
for my channel hey guys
wicked guy go up my backdrop I think
it's sweet yeah there's Noah
that's a Grammy bono bono
YouTube YouTube future self this is what
I want my bedroom to look like back wall
pictures I want that bed frame there's
an extra bed I do like all the frames
though bed frames cool
this rug good notes playing gum in
here's the new stuffed animal two giant
broccoli here have a giant carrot like
those how about that
Karen broccoli stuffed animals way to
stay healthy America actually this is
Swedish they're Swedish so we can't give
America credit for this this is like a
cute way of baby proofing corners looks
like Mickey Mouse hands Wow
it is we've decided on a lamp we really
like how that one has a little color to
it our room really isn't that colorful
right now that line one that's pretty
cool
some options I don't know if they have
this one over here it's a cheap lamp too
hopefully that doesn't sex
should we get two and then we can
alternate them so we're finally looking
at frames but they don't have any of the
size that we want but we're gonna get
six of these to try and set up the
Jordan display in little man's room and
he's just making crazy noises we're home
I've had Chipotle here at the house for
like an hour and a half and I still
haven't eaten it that's how excited I am
to open up FIFA pax tonight I'm gonna do
a little bit of streaming got my camera
set up got everything about ready to go
Jen's just sitting here enjoying her
I'll try not to fall asleep
check out the light I got it installed I
put it together it looks nice
I'm not sure where we put it but it's a
good place right there it already lights
up this room a ton more than it was
don't you think Jen we've these lights
turned off right now but the room itself
is so much brighter we need one more
light
it's still kind of dark and then I think
we're gonna put the Picasso
thingy I got that because I seven
dachshund I think we might put it up
there and then put stuff around it and
then I got this but memories in I took
it from our hockey game the puck we got
at the game and also a picture and then
we want to crop these out and put these
in the frames like take the white out
then I put those in little man's room we
got six of those frames they look like
that overall successful true although we
do need more friends for our other stuff
weren't you saying my love he tired
we're officially obsessed with wiener
dogs that's just because I used to have
two of them we even have this that we
two-piece wall decor we're gonna put
that in his room we're just finally
certainty of things going it's Saturday
night exam is currently hoping FIFA
people's warning right now
he's currently opening FIFA pack hello
say hello hope you want to be on the
vlog hello new month hi hi hey I love
hey hey hey coach mark she's vlogging
hola hi OMG
doesn't seem like totally like a total
hot nerd with this getup alright
Sam has uh seems a little bit of
everything nerd jock all wrapped in one
very handsome devil he's so into this
right now
it's actually filming a channel or from
you via first channel especially
exciting you'll just got lightheaded I
come from the future tomorrow I'm
posting this right now Sunday tomorrow
on Monday the vlog I post will tell you
on the camera and I just woke up Noah or
he's just having a night terror poor guy
oh he's like Colorado alright guys gotta
get to that gotta help that man out
we'll see you guys tomorrow
I really like to me right
