sup YouTube fam first of all I need to
apologize for just uploading this right
now it's been a busy day we went out had
some fun and we recorded most of it so
you guys will see that in the next video
Jen also recorded some stuff for the
vlog that is today but I'm vlogging with
you right now I just did a live stream
for four hours which was crazy finally
certainly figure out how to hook up my
xbox the mics camera everything is my
laptop it's getting better little by
little and jen is by far the greatest
wife in the world I got the boy girl is
like not denied it won't do you're
watching a movie watching TV well show
them what you've been working on think
it's not there let's go get it we are
preparing this is gonna be a one take a
true one take and i'll post all the
footage actually i'm going to post some
stuff that jen recorded to our lesson
tomorrow for the kids we always color
have fun things like that it's a good
time we teach the five and six-year-olds
at church this is what jen is working on
right now look how many colors like how
many colors I got for Christmas mainly
but yarn and stuff pretty amazing except
for I really wish I didn't put the green
in the red next to each other that's I
like it the colors look really good so
how much bigger hell under there how big
is it going to be just me a little bit
longer and then it'll be a little
scrunchie like Scott let's see so look
like nice so will you teach anyone how
to do that can you do like a how-to
video is it difficult kind of the I can
I don't know if I could teach you can do
it but you can't teach yeah here's
sometimes I still mess up and I have to
go back what's is this knitting or
crocheting meaning cuz there are two
needles sorting is one needle one hook
tomorrow you know
so when you crochet you're a hooker what
no that's what Christie said woods oh
she's like a hooker and I crochet so
yeah just a four hour stream fifa stuff
i played this like crazy dragon game
Jared was on I figured out how to get it
so you guys can hear the people i'm
playing to mostly doesn't even care what
I'm talking about but I'm glad that I
figured it out so I can get it to you
guys can hear who I'm playing we can do
live streams I can play other people
there youtubers whatever you guys want
and yeah it's been a wild day spin uh
you guys want to know my crazy and busy
today's been here hold this what camera
hey hold my hand this is my dinner you
never even ate any of your burrito I
didn't even like eat my burrito I just
so excited about trying to get my way
you don't have any of it I i have like
to write about it i can one degree i am
hungry what time is it midnight just
ride it overnight yeah yes you bet no
 I'm gonna have a couple bites stay
nourished my gosh I can't die at that
name yeah diet daggone I did not eat
because I didn't want to eat I didn't
eat because I was busy we got some
things for Mikey over there you could
you guys will see that in the voice
tomorrow and then also on Sunday which
is not the next vlog but in Sunday's us
filming we're going to choose who on the
camera and then post that on Monday just
so you guys know so we have to be very
difficult because so many bloomin did I
know we are I've read some of them and
and I'm just like have you even choose
I'm like why don't I have a million
dollars well if I had a million dollars
which is a song i would spend it and
then I wouldn't have any tell her no but
I was I had calculated all the people
that commented and if I could buy a
camera like a good camera for all of you
guys and it would be like almost one
hundred thousand dollars so Jen
start making the bacon so we get
everyone a camera but if I have a
million dollars to I said like how much
chipotle do you have any a million
dollars that's 1 million hot spicy
mcchickens cool do ya how many chicken
nuggets is that from wendy's like 5
million cuz I mad and like I have proper
fast food into its proper fest food we
had some fries from ikea today and okay
i see a lot of them though i know you've
been really really good muscles game
burger michelle obama arms everyone's a
be like wait Jen do you have a retainer
can do tricep stem bear okay wait so how
long do you have to have that reach
inner forever really how it works I
should know that hmm cool it's cute so
yeah this is a short blog it's a
one-take I'm gonna put in the clips from
a gen recorded did you heard anything of
Noah we gotta have no in our lives here
are those clips that's all there what's
why they're here for Allah hey you're
this putt record hi guys it's Friday no
it's friday yay and we're having a rough
morning and afternoon it's noon now and
this little guy he's just he's just on
one today that's for sure hey I know I
say this all the time but today I
honestly think you do you think because
I actually finally felt the nub that
everyone talks about you're like you're
like oh you'll feel you'll feel the bump
and I haven't felt that at all and then
I put my finger in there just to see
because he's been so fussy today like I
can walk to the trash can without him
crying so I tracked and I was like what
is that little bump there so I think
he's now officially officially starting
the teething process but I can't show
you because he'll get mad at me he hates
fingers yeah well you're happy now but
you haven't been like this all day whoa
okay you can't just can't
just trying okay yep just trying to
stand up right here try to show off try
to show off mr. we're supposed to go
visit my friend Maddie um but I'm just
waiting for her reply and then we might
go hang out with her I'm not really sure
yet oh and then tonight I had a friend
in college my very first photo friend I
believe we're she was my first photo
friend and she after she finished school
moved to California with her husband to
do art and so we haven't seen them since
they moved away so they haven't seen
Noah they she didn't even see me when I
was pregnant or anything so it'll be
really fun to catch up we're just gonna
go to dinner and hang out for a little
bit so that should be fun that will
happen later tonight ain't that right
mr. hi that's how he's been this always
been today that's just a little little
taste this little stink does not want to
crawl today does not even want to sit
back down on his own today he's just
well he's happier now but he does not
want to UM really try today which is
totally fine cuz you're only six and a
half months old ah we started to add you
guys to the wall we need to open the
rest of the stuff and who I gotta get
back to my early upload ways got a
little carried away today got a little
carried away yeah that's but that's real
life's amika if I do this full time I
probably get carried away sometimes too
but that would be better I don't know if
I would allow that that's true oh that's
true and you do this full time you like
really have to make sure that you upload
and do that so yeah there you go gen
lead us out with a nice dance your
latest dance move that you've learned no
we've seen that way before Oh
did it don't work today why do you how
many Ruth no I don't much I really don't
mean this right now seriously hey let's
see what I got we have way better
dancers at me I'm trying to play too
right well there's always the classics
yeah well you said I couldn't do the
class a or opening story through when
the world was that you're so weird
sometimes let me just need my burrito
let me just eat my burrito chipotle you
make my day hey he holds you like a
microphone oh I was disgusting ok
clearly were just improvising so we hope
you guys had a fun weekend so sunday
tomorrow so still weekend time aplenty
no tomorrow I recorded a ton of them
today what you guys I feel bad i think
it went up ok but it happens sometimes
it happens in time it won't happen our
rate is like we get a vlog up like this
once every three or four months so today
is that one shout out to everyone that
was in the stream with me type like
Brett Jake my bud Veronica is there
Taylor there's some fighting Liz Emily
people I'm looks like mmm nice looking
like the concentration she's like i love
your fam ah mama people were in timeout
people are in time out
all around so and I didn't get on chat
sorry know how much I do everything so
anyways we'll see you guys tomorrow we
love you happy Sunday hey peace no no
don't hit the camera don't hit the
camera babe babe no burning up okay
secret clip Miranda legs three back
Randall eggs wait Randall eggs that by
it was will be my Diaries oh my gosh
anaconda
