so chillin that's how he ends the slide
right
happy breakfast to me sorry buddy you
can eat this oh you're so tired my mom
actually she joined the diet bet and she
actually told me about an app it's the
nutribullet app and there are millions
of smoothie recipes on there cuz I was
kind of student that same thing over and
over again she was smart and showed me
that I show me this app and so I'm
really excited about it because there's
so many different smoothies you can eat
today I made weight loss blast sounded
interesting I've never had off akkad Oh
or mixed greens or cayenne pepper or
coconut water in my smoothies but this
yet it's like the app gives you all the
ingredients you need I made my smoothie
but for some reason I thought I had
cayenne pepper but actually only because
it's red but it's not so that's one the
main thing I'm missing is the dang
Cayenne for the Cayenne weightloss blast
but oh well we'll see how it tastes
let's see how it goes also this kid was
mad that I was making a smoothie and not
in the living room with him he is
starting to get like he just hates being
alone he has to have someone playing
with him and it's really cute but it's
also really sad because I was making my
smoothie and you can like try to like
save the mama thing again so I think
he's only gonna be saying it weighs
upset which is ten times harder for me
mama good morning sunshine
okay I've tested out the smoothie it was
actually not that bad it tastes pretty
like leafy like mixed greens and spinach
because that's what you put in it but
you can't like taste the avocado or
anything there's also like mixed berries
and pineapple in it like that and it's
like coconut water so it's actually
pretty good I don't know how it would
taste with the cayenne pepper but don't
mind it you gotta have that okay I'm
just move chillin no you just want to
get up there and sing along with Darby
don't you wanting to get up there so bad
to that laptop you guys this movie
really is pretty good I must say
me and your father were just talking
about you doing that today we said
before we know it he's gonna be sitting
there remembering how to spit onto his
bum because in the crib he just goes on
his belly and doesn't realize it down
like when he's on the ground and you
just did it you just sat down
dad said we need to lower that Chris
yeah he doesn't want to take his nap and
no he knows how that stood up which
means he can pull himself up because
he's pulling himself up onto everything
you are so tired
he loves tinker look at those tights
okay
guess wait till you're more tired you
win this time my friend
actually usually wins every time do you
guys see this right now I literally
looked at this like one second ago and I
looked at the clock and it's like oh
he'll probably up in like a minute
probably like ten minutes oh look at him
he is getting smart ah he's gonna start
pulling himself up oh my gosh he's
sitting up in there
looks like we've gotta move that down
let's go get him No did you have a good
nap did you have a good nap uh-oh you
better not start climbing out of there
mister you're so cute and then you use
those smiley after his naps ah oh it
feels chilled rested and mommy didn't
realize you were gonna take a two hour
nap cuz she probably should have nap too
if she would've known it was two hours
does that happen to you guys really okay
man put the baby down probably be asleep
for like maybe an hour so you try to get
like ready it for the day get some stuff
done and then that hours up you're like
he's still asleep
let me give him a tray like get more
stuff done or should I take a nap so you
decide to get more stuff done but then
it's like almost big two hours and
you're like okay maybe I'll sleep like
the last 10 minutes and then they
decided to wake up right when you close
your eyes how does favorite i'ma kick
myself in the butt it's when he was a
newborn - I did the same thing
like when you have a newborn sleep when
they sleep people sleep and they sleep
because they sleep all day long most of
the day super when they're eating and
then they're up all night
and so you should sleep when they sleep
because then you're up with them all
night you know I didn't really sleep
that much
I took maybe one nap a day and then I
was up all night I was really crazy
delirious oh my gosh
I was a little delirious when I had you
excited deep enough I think we're gonna
go outside for a little bit because he
keeps eyeing that back door like I want
to go see the light come get it good bye
oh I'm just gonna try to stand up
thought I would get some place to place
you just shifts like that here's a bunny
I don't think that's doing that for you
mister okay guess it is don't worry he
still smiles oh oh we are currently at
the park not many people are here which
I kind of don't mind because there's
usually lots of little little ones
running around on the besides that he
can kind of go down so so I may have
jumped the gun do sunglasses I think
they might be a tad too big for my face
oh whatever
don't worry anyway this kid I just can't
handle it sometimes he is so funny let's
try it again okay
he has no reaction to the slide at all
ready Noah here we good
was that fun so chillin that's how he
ends the slide right I'm coming to
hearing hi I'm here I'm here
come to mess up you guys heard that
right family replay just cut a mom you
keep saying it over and over again I'll
be right back I like sitting in the
backseat with my dude when I get home
from work just riding together holding
hands doing manly things I usually just
a little bit more excited to see me but
not today doesn't see now he's a mama's
boy he's a really good person that's
next to in the car though
cuddly you it's warm doesn't say too
much doesn't really talk your ear off
dad hey dad dad no okay fine don't break
it a couch it was like oh I want to try
dad let me try
how about feeling this kid's gonna have
lots of bumps bumps and scratches look
at but he tries to let go that's the
thing he he thinks he's bigger than he
is he's like oh I can let go and start
walking guys see ya oh sure go ahead
twerk he just wants to go go go look at
this is what you need to do but you have
no balance and you're way too young
mm-hmm he wants to do fall into the
pillow yeah soft objects hard objects
bored me followed to me or don't even
care about me no tackle me there's
nothing better for a baby than tags and
a tag please Kim and you can buy them a
million dollar pony and they just want
the tag that came on the pony bagging
the pony
gonna be a plush pony or curl the dad
dime huh hey are you walking in a couple
months there's no way I'm going back up
my life
look you just took a step forward it's
like no big deal to him okay he's like
what he's developing muscles everything
how baby stuff works I don't either
I mean goodness gracious it makes me
want to set physical roles what like I'm
over here now Jenna's continually doing
well eating healthy so glad you got to
this is what I got all this for 20 bucks
ready got that chicken very little
chicken tenderloin breasts I got three
of these because I figure like instead
of getting ground beef for tacos and so
20 bucks and I got you this drink to try
out I don't know it's like a hydrating
drink that was on sale and there's my
cup up which I left in the car
let's eat it Cup Bob I'm gonna throw it
away but you guys should see this I
guess it's still warm
I mean cold I can keep it this is
khutbaat it's basically me and a cup did
you know it's like impossible to get a
box fan in the winter Walmart doesn't
have them target doesn't have them and
now Home Depot
you think Home Depot would have box bins
I'm trapped in the closet as we think
two straight weeks
uploading early which means I've not
been getting a lot of sleep for work
which means let's dig earlier
anyways the camera let's give this away
but to who I was thinking about doing it
by random having you guys sign up on a
website and just pulling someone that
random but to be honest I don't think
that's the way it should be
so in this video this one right here I
want you to post and say hey and say
what you're gonna use the camera for
you're gonna hang it on the wall and
just headbutt it whenever you see it
just like are you gonna film something
with it are you going to vlog do you
have a youtube channel do you not even
have a cell phone
what are you gonna use it for and then
Jenna and I are gonna read the comments
and we'll pick one out that we like if
there's multiple that we like like three
four or five maybe we'll put all five
names in a hat pull it out and see you
won call me if you want Jen to bite the
bottom and we'll send it to you that way
we can do that as a signature signature
bite so post here what you're gonna do
with this camera if you win it and we'll
pick one out like I said there's
multiple that we like we'll put them in
a hat pick one and that's how it's gonna
work
before I end that I want to show you
guys something because you guys pull man
you guys did work today can we just take
a moment to see all these tweets that
you guys sent playlistlive today
look at all these you guys aren't
amazing I hope everyone that tweeted was
able to see themselves as I browsed
through this right here so thank you for
doing that everyone it was super fun to
see that at work
we're probably bug to playlist live a
little bit but in a fun way it was a
hashtag say Mac attack thanks so much
for watching guys we hope you have a
wonderful weekend yeah tomorrow's Friday
which means we might sing Rebecca Black
we might not know we're not going to
tomorrow we're not going to sorry Freddy
alright tomorrow we won't be though you
guys will see tomorrow peace
oh my gosh
