let's just do it this year
good morning everybody good morning
YouTube am I now know what I'm gonna do
for a second kid because the first kid
is all trial and error for my next route
i think i'm only gonna soup chin that
three months to like get them to go down
by themselves and that's it what I've
just started doing with him when we got
back from vacation from winter break I'm
just like pushing one meal like anymore
one feeding at a time and then when I do
feel my love element feeding him on one
side because he usually goes back to
sleep but I would like kind of put him
on the other side and of course you
would like latch on you know so you're
just fine on one side and then you just
slept over us of the night first one's
always trial and error I'm sorry buddy
you're the guinea pig know what are you
gonna do today how well eat your phone
we're actually gonna head to trader
joe's day we were supposed to go
yesterday those of you doing the diabet
or trying to get your life healthier how
you guys doing let's do a little check
in because I'm surprisingly doing well
with it which is crazy because I usually
don't do this this well I'm very
determined you guys took feel better and
it's working I've actually lost some
weight and I'm like shocked I've lost
weight and I was like what's up no way I
was kind of shocked but I've been
working out every day guys except for
weekends cuz you know break you know oh
you joined the camera onion but I don't
check in see how you guys are doing hope
you guys are doing right yes just
working out for a week I feel so much
better like every day I'm like feeling
stronger and I know you guys will too I
want to go work out because I want to
keep that feeling so we can do this
let's keep going let's work hard
motivate each other okay we are about to
head to trader joes I almost forgot what
today is no six-month appointment so
we're having a little bit late that's
cuz you're out of town so here we go are
you jealous yeah
Oh guys about trader joes I ran into
rachel she was you were so funny and
she's going to huge from Alaska I'm some
friends
I don't know what part well she is from
a last minute she moves Montana
but look how cute she is she's going to
school and she's met Noah he's got
anything behind but I'm you guys all now
as well there's no guys are so glad you
stopped me oh I am cute i totally caught
off there's no way baby I feel moved
like I forget mountain without like oh I
mean someone might know I weird like
when someone does something I'm like oh
wait wait how do you know Finnegan it's
fun cuz you wanna oh wait Church like
yeah yeah I'm like oh yeah that's
awesome of my mind goes first my friend
eacute I just met the sweetest girl in
the world Rachel I'm so glad that you
stopped me and rare Joseph out of all
the places to be suing me to trade out
it was
just probably one of the sweetest girls
I've ever met all of you guys that we
have met have been so sweet and amazing
and I just I just want to go to the car
cry after every time because you guys
make me feel so happy you took such a
crazy amazing thing isn't it she was so
pretty and she's thinking about starting
a youtube channel so Rachel if you're
watching this right now you should do it
do it to everyone in the comments tell
right to the starter youtube channel
because she wants to do a crafting
channel and we all know that I need a
little help with my crafting because yes
I'm an art major but I'm not a crafter
and I would like to get better at
crafting so I think Rachel should start
her channel give her some love guys tell
her to start a YouTube channel guys see
what I loved meeting you so seriously
can ever see us stop us doctor's office
you so healthy too healthy shine hmm
unfortunately she did say he's probably
gonna walk earlier really running over
the place very soon now time for the fat
part fish on this gives having way too
much fun destroying this paper right now
it crinkles and he wants to destroy it
hmm you're being crazy okay guys so we
just got done with Noah's doctor's
appointment and it went well you did
really well with his shots he just cried
a little but no tears or anything Carol
but he's super healthy and strong she
said sorry for me but he will probably
walking sooner rather than later he'll
be walking before a year is what she
meant it was what she was saying he'll
be walking soon which I'm not surprised
because I guess his motor skills are
advanced like his III don't really know
how it all works or what they look for I
guess he's gonna be walking sooner than
later and I'm happy for him but I'm not
happy for me because I'm gonna get
chasing that little nugget around
everywhere but it'll be fun so but he's
doing well and I'm so proud of him he
does so well these doctors appointments
and now we are heading home to relax
because we've been helped for most of
the day doodles he's making sounds and
faces of being extremely guilty over
there haha what are you doing mr. he's
trying to climb into dad stuff are you
trying to get into dad stuff oh boy guys
know a grey get booked your booty back
over here mr. the tree is still up yeah
your dad was let's take that on Sunday
what are you doing come here come get
your ball hey Andrew get up no I
come on come on you've almost got it my
goodness guys is so close today oh hey
guys just enjoying this lotion I'm gonna
FaceTime my girlfriend tell her
goodnight yeah at first time only six
months old but that's how i roll baby
I'm do you think she'll answer mom do I
look okay my hair's kind of up in front
mom I just want the holder mom do I look
ok did I like mom ah i'm jus like he's
really looking at stuff like that mom
she's not picking up this is my first
denial yeah mommy thinks she's answering
Oh scandalo so girlfriend hey mom how do
you think that when I think he did great
I think I have water in my ear or
something my hair's kind of crazy
hopefully she fell for my I don't know
of my term I'm starting to talk like I
have an accent
another busy a new baby girl ooh yeah
flavor bed wood oh my goodness
everything's a moon we're watching the
Nightline special on Colleen and the nap
Knowles it's interesting it's so fun
it's really cool with your mother look
at look so cute you know much presence
yo Brett you killed it Austin you too
it's funny cuz when Jen and I first
started dating so this was like five
years ago Jen was watching Miranda all
the time anyway she was like you got to
watch this and I thought it was really
funny but Jen thought it was real and I
finally had to explain that Jen this
isn't real she's not little yes then I
found her like alter ego which was
herself calling her real channel and
that she goes on tour and actually sings
like well and things like that I was so
fun fact about our relationship anyways
I'm gonna go work out I have to do my
way in soon for Shay's diabet and so I
haven't been going too hard no I did it
for the girl 14 kaylene Carly's because
i think it's either today or tomorrow
and like with his you have to lose a lot
more weight it's over six months so I've
been kind of like slacking I'm also
creating excuses right now have you
talked about how you've done so far I
think I've lost some weight I have lost
a little how much weight have you lost
do you wanna say probably four five four
or five or six pounds killing it night
the first yeah but I mean that's good
Jenna has been making an effort going to
work out every single day eating
did eat some crackers in bed the other
night while watching the blacklist and
got up ran back to the bed and there's a
cracker sitting there I was like ooh
Kraken gaga burger craving food so I
figured I'd come get a protein drink
instead you go to the grocery store and
when you're hungry after a workout
there's so many things that tempt you
like donuts but I realized that this
probably isn't the best thing either
there's some a ton of sugar in this but
it's so tasty have you guys had this
before these refuel drinks oh my
goodness the chocolate kind I used to
get this whenever I played basketball so
good i just got done watching tribe
tylers video about him and haley
traveling europe it's a really good
little it's like almost like a mini
little film that they he just created
life is just broken down into a series
of moments which are memories and it's
those memories that are what brings the
photos to life and that's the story that
I want to tell
it's very well done he is so talented
you guys need to go to their channel if
you have not like if don't new tribe
Tyler's go subscribe and go watch his
videos because him and Haley they're so
talented and there's some of our really
really good friends watching his video
got me thinking because he was flipping
through old slide film when I started
photography in my junior year of high
school I started film that's all I did
was film and it was so fun I liked loved
it with a passion like that's why I was
like I'm going to college imma make my
photo degree it's gonna be amazing and
somewhere along the lines College
happened and it was great because I made
lifelong friendships I kind of lost my
passion for photography cuz I had to do
a lot of digital and digital wasn't my
like forte really I love film and that's
like what I started with that's what I
just loved and I haven't done it in a
long time because I think mentally I was
stuck like oh if i shoot film was like
for projects and things like that but
this little bad boy it's like nothing
special okay I got this camera my
parents were so generous because I
wanted to take photography as an
elective in my junior year and I just
transferred high schools and they got me
this little film camera for my birthday
it's really nothing crazy you know just
like a little rebel I have had this now
for like seven years really win seven
years and it still works amazing it's
just a little automatic film camera I
think a lot of people think oh if i
shoot film I have to eat like a super
old-school vintage camera and be super
hipster but you don't really and it was
I'm rambling point is I watched his
video sinful through all those slides
and like oh my gosh i have so many so
much slide film that I've shot that's
just sitting away and I need to like put
it in a binder and like look through it
and stuff like that because i have so
much film that i just have not done
anything with point is is that i am
going to the store tomorrow and buying
some film i'm just gonna get some cheap
color film you know it's not that cheap
i'm justing some covering because i was
online tonight honestly before i watched
his video looking at like polaroid
cameras because i love Polaroids and we
did a little of that in college too but
not really but now it's like all the
craisins like expensive like wait Jen
you're stupid that you have a film
camera just go buy some film I have a
ton of black
film in my fridge cuz that's where you
keep some guys worried about putting
your fridge or freezer to last forever
but I won't shoot some color and I'm
thinking about knowing like I would just
love that and I don't care to develop
myself like I would I'm totally fine
just taking it to the store and having
them develop it but film is kind of
dying guys it's really sad but there are
still some places that will develop film
for you so i think i'm gonna start
shooting a little bit more film just
anything most of it's probably me Noah
and you know family and friends but I
I've just got a little excited I was
like I need to shoot more film she would
more photography for myself because
sometimes I wish I hadn't studied
photography as a gun emphasis now would
have Justin like art or something
because it kind of took the fun out of
it and it was like really stressful and
I'm just starting to like kind of get
back into it but it's kind of been like
a bumpy road I don't know why it just
kind of threw me off College was amazing
don't get me rahta I kind of just lost
my passion for Dagar be so I'm gonna
work on that this year I'm going to
shoot film start over because that's how
i started with shooting film and miss
Brewers class and i'm really excited so
i just wanted to share my thoughts
because his video was very inspiring if
you guys need to feel a little inspired
about your passions go watch his video
it is so good I'm just excited I'm
excited to just bring this little bad
boy back out so now I'm gonna go make
some more make some more memories cuz
like Tyler Jenna's video memories are
the only thing we all have in common
isn't that weird think about memory so
we all have memories in comments stick
record tonight you know what it's kind
of funny because out talking to Rachel
today she was talking about kind of how
she is like Mike loves crafting and
things that she's like when play with
the idea of starting her own YouTube
channel and guys if you want to do
something just do it you know let's just
do it this year if you wanna start
YouTube channel start one if you wanna
eat a donut eat a freaking donut but
have fun doing it so that's not my deal
I love you guys thanks for listening to
my schpeel someone asked today when the
camera giveaway is gonna be let's do
that tomorrow let's talk about what
we're gonna do to give that away I might
also be going to a Utah youtubers
meeting I don't know there's a meetup
you don't think tomorrow but I might be
going to wha we look super tan this
lighting is kind of
my ex I'm actually weight workouts are
going well Jen Suzanne wait I'm away
myself yet but I'm probably gonna figure
that out tomorrow cuz I need to weigh in
four shades way in anyways anyways hope
you guys had a wonderful day and Troy's
commenting talking to me during the work
of samsang anyways a hundred times not
me oh yeah i'll let you edit the vlog
and do that she's lacking in the
comments it's been busy she's a mom moms
really busy people all right love you
guys isn't the white balance is better
now
you
you
