seeker clip did it didn't it didn't it
did it did the same scramble he who is
this we're all these people looking at
you yes way
there's like no light in this room and
you guys can still see me Wow
I just got home from church Jen never
knows when I'm vlogging anymore she just
thinks I'm talking to myself Noah did
pull-ups today at church he was like he
had his hands on the chair in front of
us and was like trying to pull himself
up and we would help him and he is just
a little Explorer right now huh
cuz mom sneezed and he was like no I
coughed there coughed it's so funny when
babies wake up they're just like almost
like a movie
boo-boo you know take a nap today Noah I
usually take a nap if I can on Sunday
although it doesn't happen that often
let's see what time is it it's about
noon and I haven't really eaten today
and today I'm cooking up Sam today I'm
cooking up Sam's scramble let's do it
this is what you got in salmon scramble
you got some chicken sausage with
jalapeno some avocado eggs salsa verde
from Trader Joe's very good a little bit
of salt a little bit of pepper let's get
to it
and a little bit know just for good luck
you have to rip his head right now I got
that sausage cooking up chicken sausage
of jalapeno can you do some scrambled
eggs right now and then prepare the rest
I learned from Chef Ramsay that when
you're cooking scrambled eggs you put it
on the heat take it off a little bit
stir it around so it stays nice and
moist and delicious so the presentation
isn't beautiful the avocado I mean it's
very ripe and ready to go the green
salsa kind of makes it look mushy I
should have shown you before that
because it looked delicious but the
green salsa has a little bit of lime the
tang of it is just so good with this
meal now we're ready to eat that's
normal this is delicious no sea rats on
this one doesn't need it that's good the
way it is just like that the same
scramble my recommendation to you is you
have to get a little bit of avocado and
sausage in egg in one by if to
definitely add avocado there okay I
should hold them while you eat how is it
nothing good I don't like it oh you know
like it really good your face is like
one of disgust because she said she
didn't want to eat it
I was like girl I'll make you a nice
dish trust me that's good I introduced
to you Sam scramble have you sending
everybody ok thanks for telling me I
can't go we hope you're enjoying your
restful day of rest walk it's a day of
rest rest you know it took a 2-hour nap
Sam only got like 40 minutes maybe a
half maybe half a half an hour oh yeah
yeah but it was good and now we just
finished skyping on to fame remember I
totally forgot to mention that yesterday
it was my first or the day before I
first noticed that Noah found his hands
finally he's always like been able to
use his hands and stuff like he's even
grabbing things and starting to put it
in his mouth but he actually like was
like going like this and it was so cute
and so funny he was like I just saw him
on the ground like going like this look
at what are these you think monkey food
what do you what are these hands oh okay
he's just give me the cracker mom
goodness little mom um things he's been
making that sound every time he wants
you to feed him more and a new
development is he just wants to eat
everything we're eating literally he
will like just stand up like next to me
when I'm sitting down and just want me
to feed him what I'm eating and it's
really cute also I'm like but you can't
quite eat this most of this stuff yet
cuz I'm stuff like had like salsa and
all that stuff then feed himself look
ahead that's not gonna fit that way
it's they could be the dancing baby
dance baby dance remember what his first
baths when he has a little Batman role
it's very precise in the hospital hey
buddy has a gun you've been ok with us
for a day he's just like in the food
coma right now eating food you know
hey Emily on sleepy buddy
you wake his eyes open a couple seconds
ago he just had a lot of milk well I
guess it's not milk yet but he who is
this we were all these people looking at
you good his feats have been pricked so
much cuz they had to check for his blood
sugar level stuff bandages and now he
sits up in his bath
wants to splash around explore
everywhere he goes lets you sleep back
here hey hey clear man
yes I'm long hair coming in up timber
just kidding I'm doing situps
yeah we're gonna diet but oh you guys we
came home to so many cards from you guys
Christmas cards letters and there's too
many to go through tonight so we're
gonna take we're gonna go through a few
this week like this first one from fab
EJ fab EJ thank you merry Christmas to
you as well the Ross family the Walton
family
focus on like the little pictures are in
heart what's up walton family we're
gonna put this on our fridge Jen put
this up tomorrow while I'm at work what
it's not so cute it's an ornament for a
tree from the miracles that I passed
last name I would have to say that this
is the best ornament of Christmas look
at that
sanika 2014 you know why I love this
regiment because we will forever
remember 2014 but the year that we've
liked oh here we go Merry Christmas love
the my there's no L o my Reese's oh my
god the mirror we're gonna call you the
miracle family oh we're gonna call you
the miracle this is I think we need to
keep the tree up for another week I
think we need to keep the tree up for
another week
yes I'm putting that up right now I love
it well it's gonna be up that's me our
first tournament we put up next week
next year that's for sure
we're putting up our tree before
Thanksgiving I'll help Jenna the mirror
mirror is near Isis and no speaka de
English is jenika that's for sure
hey it's my Salt Lake neighbors the
waters family thank you for your
Christmas card is it going on the fridge
as well Jen got tape set up tomorrow oh
I like that I like that this card was
hand me I thought it was I thought I was
boxing hook line and anchor Katie she
has a YouTube channel youtube.com/ cook
a / hook line and anchor strikes make
youtube videos beautiful card thank you
so much by the way gems saves every
single thing that you guys send us
letters cards everything we have a box
so don't think we're just getting rid of
this it's our box
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year's
Mollie Brooks from Arizona
this one I think let's put this one up
too because then we could put all the
Christmas cards around it I like to have
Christmas all year on
I love having Christmas cards up all the
time thank you yeah
oh thanks Mel you're so sweet that's a
really good Christmas tree by the way
it's very good no I'm very Everhard
that's some on the back two pictures
Deborah hurts
look at this vacation you guys had or is
that your backyard we don't know look at
VidCon the lazy river hanging out was
that like a go-kart
it looks like Disney World or something
there's your family it's awesome this
card is phenomenal peace love and gumbo
love at gg gg what's up GG Thank You Jen
we need to save this peace-loving gumbo
according to Calum a were penguins a
really cool hat Jenna's cool ear muffs
know has an even cooler hat Thank You
Kayla may we a lot more letters open and
don't worry guys we will share them all
if you send this picture it's definitely
going on the fridge this one's from
Kayla weeks and what's up with Kayla's
these days Kayla's too nice look at
what's in this sorry but all I got you
for Christmas is a card and inside
there's a gift card to Walmart that's
like groceries that's baby food
we'll get stuff for Noah to eat left up
Jen go to Walmart get Noah food with
this card and give you a little shout
out Kayla because that was way too nice
she said do you guys the reason I keep
coming and wanting to watch your videos
you guys way that's all I gotta say
you guys win Christmas just keeps on
going that's awesome
tonight's gala ah the peel box is always
overwhelming to me I feel very
undeserving whenever you guys send stuff
and say things like that I'm just happy
that we have each other
it's cool the more I think about this
every single day that we post a video
and then I talk to some you guys in the
comments when I'm streaming Twitter
whatever it is it's pretty unbelievable
we feel very lucky and blessed very
blessed here is a challenge for anyone
that is thinking about sending us
something whether it's a letter or
whatever I want you to do something good
for someone else then send us a letter
about what you did and how you felt and
how it went so instead of sending us
something that's in it do something for
someone else
yeah we are so grateful and thankful but
I want to hear it from your experiences
of you guys you know helping someone
else because we are way too lucky right
now okay alright I need to read the
comments and see what you guys think
about giving away the camera will get
more into that tomorrow I got to go to
bed I got work in the morning we love
you guys
now I'm gonna have nightmares about
blacklist hey we watched you from -
episode 1 it's kind of crazy
yes see you tomorrow it's gonna be a fun
day hopefully we can make it tacky huh
we'll see please
seeker clip if you're still watching
this in 2015 I really want to give back
to people already had a lot of good
experiences just in the past couple
weeks I want to give back and I think we
can do this together
all right let's do something different
so yes
