guys please send up please send help
please send up guys
dabra dabra dabra is a pair and see javi
javi Guerra and Ziggy says tickets
tickets tickets in the ticket taker says
can you take it things they can actor
said oh thank you doctor said Oh Lord
and the engine says choo-choo and inches
to choose pink matter right this town to
the countryside and nobody knows but it
always is that the insanity we're having
a meeting pardon mr. Eaton oh no did you
get a seat really there did you get a
sheet mr. Wright the call of mini code
basically it's this new satire harder so
these are all my colors figure very good
oh yeah this is jaron well play they
said in fiber arts hey I know what yeah
really what else ah what is that is that
kale Boston cream is that Redis that's a
very attractive fight fighting smile
what kind is that really what do you
like my sweater oh did you make this
that's pretty amazing happy sunday
everyone
ok number 5 in cortland anything yet
today what church took a nap trip over
an hour and a half nap because that's
all I know sup tonight feel funny have
you taken a nap like I know that look
though don't know things when my
favorite things about the Christmas
season is when people stop by and give
us things just the sharing of home-baked
goods in this case in this case excuse
me getting into that came from a special
place a bakery so there's a nice loaf of
bread a bunch of roles like in the
world's roles oh don't voguing that's
got more rolls than Noah may be vlogging
dad's olive oil and salt popular this
amazing that is good oh he's definitely
had a lot of that I was thinking maybe
you're gonna say it's bad as complete
like that's the whole thing Oliver oh
and here you have you like a cinnamon
strudel but this bag look at this a bag
this is heavy heavy bag full of donuts
17 there's kale in here hmm Mary and
Mary o Maui Maui is wiping us to gaga
and no is continuing to blow this
cousins
that one on the left is what you're
gonna work which one will it be a letter
no it's just like more of it done it
it's like a caked on it noah's love
being with his cousins give it when they
kind of wrap okay oh hey fit by just
took my nap come give me a hug
hey man I'm sorry I brought you into
this family full of women you're
definitely this guy's love being at
grammys son yeah you loved it it
stimulated crazy I don't even know if
you can hear me right now girls behind
you're just so wild I don't know how I'd
life to the whole week they still have
one more week to go guys please send up
please send help please send up let you
guys talk to you soon but Duffy I say
let's take a Delphie baby oh she calls
me daddy done dumb damn like them so
this am and she keeps going hey let's
take a selfie and then she'll come up
and she'll be like oh like peace and
she's like peace sick selfie hey I need
some what is your star thank you crayola
makeup let me do it Crayola make up hold
up some more please no good or change it
was a street no no this is straight this
is straight out of a holiday movie you
got hot cocoa with little marshmallows
in a little cake doughnut ain't
yeah so let to exactly what I wanted I'd
like to draw my I'm going to need an
accent in order to win this game don't
you ever take a turn to rest now Oh
suicide yeah yeah the perfect card a
ticket to ride night blue please what
was no what's blue one captain Carroll
accent replenish please hey 50 no we
don't have just kicks that's a 15 marker
right here I'm assuming this might be
the definite no you have a long train
the next that black what you think you
are doing a shoot that's what I just
know sir you can go right there and have
a long agenda cord babe do you can go
right there and have longest reign and
next up I'm the black let's play some
blacks only have three damn you could go
there in house before he's got we got Oh
God clang thing with the chili damn you
just do surpassed us yeah I wanna stream
now oh my gosh samuel douglas anderson
and that's not all folks I'm so mad at
you right now I'm counting you can
clearly tell you what take a dig at
cameras oh wow I really felt like wow I
did not realize how long years was cuz
he's just counterproductive with their
travels I like to take some of you have
30 40 kids so I gotta get one more how
many do we have oh shoot we no longer I
thought we were gonna win I don't think
we are anymore I don't care about going
straight I love the bars 10 yeah we're
not gonna happen not it okay are you
done remove the only way to do it
Derby's been doing it is that's right
here
yeah I think it's co is good to get some
wisdom what some wisdom you want to
share let's say okay Amika not not
necessarily than that just uh Noah he's
six months old now oh no like just
turned six months old what's something
that you right now want to tell him as
his grandpa and how old are you right
now 63 63 years old at 63 years old but
what do you want to tell Noah who is six
months old be good I think that's it Oh
be nice be nice we kind would be careful
careful no exercise during Christmas
holidays they don't get stabbed nice Oh
neat well be brave be brave and
courageous be courageous be all that you
can be one more thing one more thing do
what your parents ask you to do they're
good people remember this when you're 17
nice thank you is that okay where we say
a good night to you too you owe to you
all you oh yeah yeah yeah hey y'all good
night everyone happy Sunday happy
weekend happy what are these kissing
balls oh it's sad that like all this
Christmas stuff we'll have to help take
down like I'm totally cool to take
everything down but it's just sad that
it has to come down because Christmas is
over hope you guys had a wonderful
weekend will come at you tomorrow a lot
of fun happen in this week oh yeah Oh
Jen by the way everyone loved your
makeup yeah I said you should get
another that one red lipstick on I think
you need to do another Sephora haul
before you leave
possibly yeah means happen post if you
want to see it happen all right okay
just hope I'm going home
on you you everything that I see our
Johar love an emotion endlessly I can't
get over
