dirty Babu dance Wow nice body girls
babe nice body roll do some body rolls
all this big big stuff what is this
stuff I think I don't know but it's
getting me wet hey what's going on kind
of rough day for you sometimes babies
just don't want to take their naps then
they're just tired all day and we try
and make them take naps and they don't
today I think this was the most stubborn
app that you've ever had yeah now he's
on your new trick world use arches and
turn into a barrel roll yeah he still
looks cute as can be good sometimes I
could like like hold him tight cut no
not okay that sounds good how would I
told him I could pretty much better than
a headlock while he's screaming he would
eventually like stop screaming but now
he just like arches his back and rolls
out and wants to not be held like that
see how that time goes yeah he's not
that little dude that just jealous falls
asleep now it's like I want a vlog which
means it's probably time to start sleep
training at nap time but I'm not ready
for that hmm too much sounds like a fun
time yeah anything else you want to say
today to everyone before you go to bed
well you know I just like staying up and
partying sometimes I don't like taking
naps and just so excited for christmas I
really want to start vlogging when I
create my own channel it's called novica
Samoa no one knows best no it does dust
it's got no way Jose yeah and you know
what it's okay because he's so cute yeah
this face in these cheeks make up for a
lot of naughty behavior as you can tell
his legs grabbing everything right now
and that's just how things have been
going lately and we wouldn't have it any
other way now dancing your nightgown
bubby dense not do the worm we see a
good night whoa we're gonna stay up take
your night bubs good night
Wow did you know fun fact I am a
guinness world record holder me to time
million thousands of other people who
participated in the reddit secret santa
the fun thing is that some of you guys
remember me talking about this in
previous vlogs i think was it in a vlog
i got a gift my gift came late last year
sounds like in january yeah i walked
about it you guys saw it some of you
guys definitely saw it and you treated
me and you're like hey I'm doing it this
year so if you did it this year you
should post in the comments even if you
didn't see that vol I can just did it
randomly you should let me know and
hopefully you get a fun gift from your
Santa your Secret Santa every year I get
something awesome I got a bulls jersey
one year bears cutting board cookbook
Bowl sure it's always like Chicago
sports related and I have to ship out
mine for my secret santa by the 19th
every year I get a girl I get a girl and
it's kind of weird to me for some reason
just because I mean this is the girl I
like to shop for right there so I always
have and I always get a girl i have done
help out you know make it a joint
activity so i'm going to retrieve my
match right now I've been kind of behind
let's do this together so I'm on the
site right now and wait update likes and
dislikes I probably should I feel about
my information better even my profile
look like such a tool okay let's do this
I'm going to retrieve my match okay so I
kind of hit their name just so no one
will spoil it this is their likes and
dislikes I like sports games super smash
brothers 360 ps4 League of Legends trees
oh gosh Doctor Who extra large size for
sure favorite colors purple gold blue
green what's your favorite sub Bennett's
nology League of Legends trees if naruto
trees you know it's a bread that rather
than is
I don't play league legends I mean I
think it'd be cool I want to try it uh
favorite movies Annie the Gunny goonies
good nice the goonies matilda x-men sci
fi star wars favorite TV shows Doctor
Who friends Big Bang Theory a tech of
untighten Sherlock Doctor Who Doctor Who
Doctor Who give any allergies perfumes
do you own any pets if so tell us
something about them soon a kitten is it
could be a girl Oh a guy could be
allergic to perfume to you if you travel
somewhere right now where would you go
Virginia to visit my parents what if
your favorite books and or authors keys
to kingdom hunter games Garth Nix Robert
Frost Shakespearean anything sci-fi
adventure what are your hobbies League
of Legends basketball skateboarding
video games it's 11 a.m. on a sunday
what are you doing sleeping before work
what is on your bucket list to go to Six
Flags wow we can make you six flags
tickets if you could learn one skill
what would you learn welding what are
you most passionate about being good to
others and oneself favorite food says
chicken fried rice spicy as and then an
expletive so we're gonna do this
together in fled and bore you they're
into video games Doctor Who Doctor Who
Doctor Who sci-fi it's kind of like
nerdy stuff technology they've never
been to six flags that we have fungus
that would be a fun gift I wonder if I
can get them like an uber ride to six
flags let's see they're from Washington
is there six flags in Washington
Washington stayed home let me see if
they're just six flags in Washington
unfortunately it does not look like
there's six flags in Washington there's
one in Mexico though and when in Chicago
I've been to that one and I've been to
that one that's probably why it's on
their bucket list to go to Six Flags
because if there was one in Washington
I'm sure they would have gone by now so
what should i get them who likes Doctor
Who I think they it sounds like they
really love Doctor Who what something
cool that's doctor who related anyone
watch that any other ideas i'm going to
give you guys 24 hours to help me out we
can get this together all if i'm gonna
go to the store and pick something up
i'll bring it with
me well go get it together I'll pay for
it but uh I'm excited let's see if i can
find like more information i'm going to
type in the username see if i could find
anything else out okay i did a little
more digging they posted a picture of
some fries that i looked at the other
day help me out Doctor Who League of
Legends ideas ideas ideas let's keep it
not you know not pretty expensive
somewhat cheap I think we can do this
together and I think it'd be fun even if
I just get the gifts online if you have
a good link to something that works too
I want you guys to help me this year a
lot of you have already sent in your 50k
dance video submissions I've seen a
bunch of them on Instagram I haven't
downloaded the ones for my email yet
because I want to see them all at once
just one big marathon of dancing here's
Jen to inspire you some more moves that
you can put in let's see what's a basic
move that someone can do I'm just
praying for it there we go brain fart
let's get that one more time the brain
fart that's a mix of a dead work and
just bring that to ground easy easy yeah
I think we've gotten maybe 30 to 40
submission so far which is a good amount
we need to fill up a whole song we need
a whole slew especially someone remind
me a couple seconds thanks i think what
i want to do here's the plan is I'm
gonna record and post it once i get to
Chicago so like possibly monday of
chicago or sunday i'll probably do
double video this will be a lot going on
those two weeks and we're out there tons
of family 18 people sigh i mean i'm
gonna have so much blog footage as it is
beauty specially with me off work okay
here's a move for some migas hey
created oh my goodness you're crazy you
can do the dirty dishes dance the dirty
bum buh dance wow nice body girls babe
that's body rolls do some body rolls
that's about it so remember in the
description you can send those in I'm
gonna give you guys a week I'm gonna
post that once i get the Chicago double
video that day cuz we gotta do our part
to hear don't me doing the tall so it's
really hard to do this and do your arm
we're doing that when one of your shows
they're great gatsby oh there you go
you're in the great guest you know your
thanksgiving break Oh with my sister oh
but anyways after the game oh cool thank
you this can't poop get those into us
CLA of Olivia's Oh
wow that was something
