okay guys we're up on top of the Salt
Lake City Library filming look how
pretty it is
morning guys it's really old timer the
other night it's not a clock I'm
actually on my way to go shoot for my
friend and then I think later soon I
like are gonna go try to go I'm sorry
I'm a little running a little late some
kind of dentists salmon I've later are
going to run over to Colette to Colette
and her family's um CD signing so I
think we're gonna do that after my shoe
and I have a bridal shower so today is a
very busy day but I'm excited to be fun
and now i'm off to salt lake okay guy go
bite no I fell asleep at this point is
now i can show you hey guys we're up on
top of the salt lake city library
filming look how pretty it is hahaha
tell what we're doing Danielle oh my
gosh we're just shooting clothes for
stripe clothing check it out seriously
strap clothing look at it on Instagram
any website right your website yeah it's
a stripe dash clothing calm and show me
and Danielle working together yet it's
really fun I'm look at this to outfit so
cute look at the back of it guys I know
Shelby's being a baby whisperer for
maybe you a balloon onv today oh look at
all these clothes guys the clothes are
so cute I'll show you a sneak pic of a
picture hold on hold on I don't know if
you can see it can I see it can you see
it now you might not go see I'll show
you later this is so fun this is
literally perfectly and get me out of my
slump it's been amazing check out stripe
clothing so fun we have a caravan a
caravan of babies and moms and closing
oh and we're getting we're in stock
raise that cuz there's too much stuff
so much fun no one is left no sleep he
was just waking up look at him he's
getting so big you guys I held you when
you were born you because Bailey getting
so big I hope I'm do you like working it
yeah stripe clothing only when it's my
best friends it's in fun probably a
great time this is like I Natalie this
is literally putting like such a huge
cup of my stuff when it comes to
photography I live in such a photo slump
this isn't great look how pretty look at
where we are guys we're on the roof of
the library did you know you can go on
the roof of the library you can come
check it out I feel like someone needs
to get engaged up here or something I
know don't per se they have known each
other since we were this age are you
serious we like me yes oh this is so
cool what's up peeps we head into
deseret book right now to go see
hopefully a live performance of one of
my favorite songs and sparrow and the
birch yeah they have a song called this
beer on the bird suit I would you let it
do it girl is about their side of the
truck oh my goodness so hopefully uh we
made it in time because we're like
really cutting closer than at work
Hey look what we got we got our CDs and
their sound way let's see us the coolest
signature hmm Colette's pretty cool what
Kylie's are very similar I like the
bubbly of this I really enjoy this one
look you can see I think yeah it's like
on a piano or something so we didn't get
the performance and we didn't blog
anything but we did get to say hey and
we did get our CD and one of these cds
is going to a family member for
christmas oops did i give anything away
it's gonna do that they might not even
watch the vlogs
pretty you guys a sunset right now is
credible incredible we just left the CD
signing and I more sad way to get to
hear him sing but it's been such a crazy
day
I kind of thought we might not make it I
was poking me would but I'm actually on
my way to my friend's bridal shower now
when my photo friends from college goes
like all of our college men so it would
be really fun i'm excited and yeah so
when we get there cuz I gotta go i'm
driving by wait you show your outfit so
happy hey wait okay every as a wrong
everyone this is with me rather bridal
shower I'm sorry buddy Jen would kill me
if she knew this but I really wanted her
to have the car so that she could go to
her little bridal shower tonight I think
it is but I'm walking home from work and
it might take a while I'll be good
though I'll be able to reflect and on my
thoughts which is everything that's
happening in life maybe her lingerie
idea oh no its way in my model like
start cooking my face up hey my baby
asteroid patient just make it okay no we
don't put it on her I'll open the
laundry on her to a paper yeah great
just be partners don't you know have you
ever had someone cut in line in front of
you before how about after you've
ordered your food that's what happened
here this lady she just cut in front of
me and I was trying to get eye contact
with her the whole time afterwards what
the heck it was so weird hi my name is
reto Jenica just coming to find Rachel
on tinder do a heart on him haha but if
you watch the blog I know I made it to a
gas station probably like third the way
they're pretty cool hmm which one is
that yeah don't know
yeah you want someone to rent hey guys
we just got back from my friends little
bridal shower open up and I'm currently
feeding this kid and he's distracted by
the camera and everything around him
anyway it was really fun it was so good
to see all my friends most of them live
don't live by me like really none of
them live by me to live kind of close
but not really open your mouth so it's
always fun when we're all together again
I just love hanging out with them
College was if anything go to college
because if you thinking about not going
to call it just because you make some of
your best friends that you'll ever make
I've made some of the best friends in
college and it's just been such call it
was amazing anyway it was really good to
hang out with everyone have a lot of
them haven't met know I yet so that was
fun and then now it's way past his
bedtime stay with a busy day we have
been we were home a total of two hours
today I think an hour two hours I don't
even know and Sam's here he's which it
male but I don't know really what we're
doing tonight what kind of hang out Sam
doesn't have work tomorrow which is fun
yeah it's Friday basically for us even
though it's only thursday and yeah I
don't know maybe I have no idea and as I
know I know that it was really fun to
see everyone okay this has never been on
my face sorry multitasking trying
multitask by this is what this kid likes
to do I feed him eat the Buffalo I'm
like seriously kid I'm feeding you eat
the food at the buckle he sees the spoon
ah you're so cute hey so cute we're
gonna try some peas and see if he likes
it he wasn't a fan of green beans and I
don't know if you'll be a fan of peas
but we'll see do you like that I know
uh-oh things like lets choke that down
just a couple bites to get you used to
it check out if I one other part of that
he's like very apprehensive about
opening his mouth well oh it's yummy
this yummy oh no definitely not a fan of
peas okay we'll try that later hey look
it's you looking at the tree we just
pulled a letter not to share for
everybody Sarnia's picture from Jennifer
yeah this is from Jennifer you guys
guess what Jennifer you are from where I
grew up same place to see I'm freaked
out when she read that she's like oh my
gosh that's what I'm from like Jen
that's what I told you that's very true
Oh Callie seriously but the same city
Jennifer I know where you play Jennifer
thanks for sharing that with you for
sharing that with you sharing that with
us in your letter your little part we
really appreciate it hey keep going be
brave you're awesome the way you are
yeah I would say you're so wonderful
thank you so much Jennifer hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog we will see you
guys tomorrow to mobile home
on you you're everything that I see our
Johar love emotion endlessly I can't get
home I love you tomorrow it's so me a
day away
