we're too loud
today's a big day it's soccer game day
clearly he's very very very excited but
here still kind of curls from a mess of
a pile of coal walking which I fix it
we're all really excited we do need to
swing by the store though real quick
this am because we may be a poster board
because I don't think nose I survive if
we don't have a go know it go sorry but
you know really excited I thought this
was really cute
this is how Noah stacked his clothes
before eating breakfast he's ready look
at those shoes coolest shoes on the
block excited oh yeah yeah look at this
pile of shoes appear daddy bought a few
to try on but we gotta return them all
now which is kind of paying them but you
got your feet here for your game dad
other touch up the soccer cut and
everything did you look at in the mirror
yet every he's won one EP care for
Noah's been wanting what do you think
you can't see it what do you mean you
can't see it look tilt your head down do
you see it it's all pink do you like it
isn't enough do you like your pink hair
this kid's been wanting pink hair first
as long as I can remember
we work in Walgreens and we're in the
hair dye Alex help me dye my hair and he
saw pink and say I want pink hair I want
pink hair I was like well that's not the
right
for you whatever today you heard of that
peak and then he's kind of look randomly
asked about it here and there was like
there's no reason to like half-open care
you know it's not Halloween yet and then
we're in Utah he saw a little boy at
chick-fil-a in this sucker uniform with
pink hair and just was done he was like
I have to have pink hair for my first
game this hold my hand you're so cute
let me put some in your hair well it
looks really pink when we're outside
kainoa looks good almost looks orange
look look this you got pink hair okay
let's go your soccer game don't touch it
baby good now let go
such a good such a good team winning
team
so today's nose for a soccer game they
don't have practices while they're
having their first little practice right
now actually adorable this is the little
field that the boy on there's two little
goals and apparently I'll be three on
three which is really fun
anyways Noah wanted us to make them
assign so bad let's go Noah so Jen's
doing it for him
doesn't even know how to read you could
write anything on there you could say
you could say go pizza
Noah's not in yet Noah's waiting his
turn say good team
go with your team baby go the team's
gonna play defense on the office
stay here baby
BJ we're gonna try not to scream this
time cuz Noah's freaked out okay good
job baby good job baby
they're so good I know good he's
starving in baby
Oh
the best fire horn slices in a CAPRISA
and all right ladies ladies and
gentlemen we just got back from the game
it was an amazing soccer game today the
final score a little - a little or a lot
so a little I don't even know who's
keeping track they're just ya know and
what's your name oh yeah we're back
we're back we're live okay
I'm here with the one and only number
two what's your name what's your name
Noah what's your last name and where
were we today what did you play soccer
did you score a goal did you get an
assist did you score a goal on your own
did you have fun that's the most
important did you have fun yeah yeah who
is on your team like when were your
teammates are we and Brock and there's
some girls in 18 - now in their name huh
okay this is your first time playing
soccer how did it go good what was it
like how did you feel while you played
you got what you got celebrity when you
pick the ball what was your strategy in
the game did you where you trying to
score as many goals as possible you're
trying to put tough defense you care you
got something here and you guys had
treats oh yeah what kind of what kind of
food was there afterwards oranges in
Jesus
yeah and who came to your game today did
you have any fans they came what was it
give me family in town for it yeah yeah
yeah and were you just so happy to see
them there did they make you anything is
there anything you want to show everyone
says go no what's that looks like this
says go team t-rex what what this team
t-rex was t-rex what's that are you the
T Rexes yeah and at the end of the game
did you do a cheer would you cheat what
did you OK Go Green Team yeah good
sportsmanship you cheered for the other
team well you guys heard it here first
you probably saw some coverage of the
game Noah Anderson the new soccer star
of Arizona he's here to stay he was here
to play when is the next game Noah do
you have any other games coming up and
baseball you said you wanted to sign
your sign should get the pen out so you
can sign it ok are you tucking in your
Jersey that's ok let's get that pen ok
it leaves you German you can see here
Noah is signing his poster oh what's
that
a dirty win told us if the car he said I
want she doesn't make my sign and during
the game I'm gonna run over inside so
he's signing it now yeah we are right
here
a turkey man and a dinosaur turkey man
hi dinosaur man yeah now that is some
art and what's that what's that man
Tiger lagger okay well we're drawing I
thought you're gonna sign your name on
it okay okay yes that may be Nixon
everybody actually plugged in are you
signing in a beautiful job all right
ladies and gentlemen well you heard it
and saw it here first
no way Anderson has started playing
sports for the first time his first
official game his parents are a proud of
him and they loved him so much and his
sister too and we can't wait to see
Penelope start to huh what what is that
No
now beautiful
okay well hi oh hi alright anything else
you wanna add let it go missing in all
seriousness though the game was really
cute I don't think we've talked about it
it was fun and really cute and I think
all the screaming yelling kind of
freaked Noel but he did great it was
really fun just then I made some
delicious white chicken chili I didn't
forget the corn this time he's sad news
app is leaving today
I don't wanna what I need to he's got
responsibilities to take care of
I'll be back maybe that month he'll be
back and maybe a month what's your
favorite memory of these two weeks hmm
no a soccer game was it two weeks yeah
I'm just kidding I don't have it at
least favor maybe when you guys were
gone for the families for the children
waking you up every morning know that no
the worst part of this trip was losing
all the footage of math backup hard
drive and having to redownload
everything how's annoying that would be
annoying now you drive five hours yeah
back home and try to come back the first
of November
I'll be back in a month and we are about
to head over to Monica Neleus family's
house and buy a supper can't talk talk
tonight they invite us over for family
dinners they're really nice including us
with their family dinner since we don't
have a family here and now he's leaving
though so I'm feeling like Oh got back
to you say bye-bye
so bye-bye app by app how many people
are in here roll out let's see how many
people okay so it's how you do it
three people in there you guys are crazy
maybe can you breathe dance partner
goodnight
