how about that cattitude what's up peeps
I'm Gabe it's babe and today we are
heading to Alabama just kidding love you
didn't babe we're actually not heading
to Alabama but we're in California
driving back to jen's mom's gonna have a
wonderful day today it was asleep in the
back seat which is the longest he slept
in the past forty-eight 48 hours true
story um so act responsibly we got some
bags in the car we got a bag full of
Wheat Thins some mission chips and
guacamole the lights turn green so I
will see you in a couple minutes
yesterday we did that you know we talked
about like favorite songs of Christmas
this is a good one Jingle Bell Rock born
yet look at that grace is to engage in
California the camel gonna turn on we're
going to a place called parent what's
this place appeared is doughnuts in
Delhi yeah so what I like to do when I
get to places I look at yelp in life yo
what's everybody liking from this place
one five stars five stars and it's by a
liquor place yeah and it's really weird
having got our brain in California
listen to christmas to do look how come
I can't talk lately it's really weird
leaving California and listening to
christmas music because it's not
Christmas air it's a warm before we
salute you yeah and it always been weird
when Christmas is it comes out it's not
cold but what if you didn't know better
like a cold Christmas that's true well
now that I know about cold weather and
this is where smells using it more
Christmasy like when we get back to
Logan after experimenting Logan's we get
rekt essere salt lake buffet here all
right you guys later peace Oh
no seriously I Utah Wow yeah what about
the pastrami and cheese jalapeno sorry
yeah everything's so with each sandwich
you also get a donut and a pocket on
caltrain I gotta give this place a five
sir yeah to join the other excited yeah
good there's a little tiny yellow car up
here that looks like it's a little
cartoon car it's like a European car
okay so good it's a cartoon looks like a
look or tune oh my gosh i love it i just
want to see you like a little cartoon
character coming out of it yo pastrami
cheese onions banana peppers peppers
it's a flavor explosion and i approve
five stars for you out come on your way
what's that place called Paradise donuts
and bakery okay paradise Delhi you get a
sandwich drink and don't it's like 65
652 boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boop i just
gave know his first I five and he
responded high five oh my miss faced by
this just in to the mailbox of me
something very special that i'm excited
to do was like my first unboxing ever
which i will someday do on my own
separate channel unboxing can I inbox
cool thing I'm Bob tube your Christmas
oh my gosh had a hero to say something
else I love unboxings I love watching
him and today I'm doing my own this is
for Harry's right here Harry's shaving
products they sent me this box and I've
tried their product out it is amazing
inside let me show you what it includes
there's a card for mr. Harry himself
explaining it says too good looking from
better looking enjoy so inside you have
a ton of stuff I love their little
prince the woolly mammoth thing you got
first of all right here foaming shave
gel which I've used before it smells
amazing also inside you have a nice
Razor check that out looks like super
expensive when this stuff actually is a
great price you got razor blades extra
ones too little instructions you have
this funny little how to shave guide
which I'll go over and a little case put
your razor and protect it okay so what I
want to do is actually have Jen shave
this off for me because I did the makeup
challenge we'll see if you can shave my
face and not cut me without cutting me
we'll see how get this razor actually is
this whole kit right here look at this
razor real quick is that Miss I think it
needs been a little spin likes me yeah
just how much shooting this would cost
like this kid the kid 30 Bob gonna k.o
60 60 by 60 50 60 bucks for the kids
don't you really nice no no fifteen
dollars fifteen dollars and we have a
code San Rica for five dollars off so
ten dollars seriously whole kit I'm
gonna buy that I'm actually holy no it's
not watching this cuz I'm together 1g
these for Christmas for one hate shaving
and then whenever no shave november
comes around even though i don't have
anything good I still grow it out
anyways because my skin is slightly
sensitive I hate buying razors and these
are like great deals you can get razors
then go dollar fifteen dollars for the
whole kit yeah oh okay no but it took me
ten dollars cuz if you seem like that
yeah so I'm gonna gen that's cheaper
than that I it's cheaper that's what I'm
excited about this one they were like
hey you have to check out our kits I was
like heck yeah very checked him out I
know what they're about send me another
one so I shave you shape me anyway I'm
gonna shave your mustache this yeah
razors are freaking expensive that's
cheaper than ones i buy i know for real
oh that's why i love it i never how many
times you have my research no I like
never do it then I scratch my face oh my
i said a cheapo too bleh disposables
another term they're terrible and you
get a pack of eight yeah seven dollars
yeah so this is basically since they
made everything themselves it's like a
German engineer
like super nice then it's cheap and then
you get awesome product so judging the
shaky right now hopefully the skills are
right i'm kind of know it's very careful
think about it this this was a month in
this is the part you yeah yeah that's
the part you really need to follow to
this we need to introduce your hands to
your face I'm get acquainted but it says
soft in the beard of the water and then
you need to read us on it to me or
whisper us on it okay Albert R good
thought do you oh oh so it's a foam gel
okay so you don't get foam or gel you
decided when you get your box are you a
fan of foam or gel typically be honest
like garlic bulb I'm a foam guy first
with the smell of us I'm not a fan John
John Danny I get all the areas where I
don't have hair you have hair there in
here really just get it up in again I
don't have your mouth is fine taste good
too hey seeing smells good this is where
there's just so many spiritus on it to
me that I've shaved my legs in sixth
grade give us yeah I'm an artist mount
art school so tan looks is scared my
eyes just over time here and that's just
like going straight through it wow this
is a great Ranger Wow multitasking
texting and being shaven shaven shaved
shave shave shaven Shep Shep shorn no
i'm at the hang of it I'm going better I
the carotid our Center I did what do you
think is heavenly smell like a man hmm
nice work Jen it looks great ah the
final product I look naked just
different but it's so smooth so nice
how's it good chief I hate shaving and
that was perfect so guys if you go to
Harry
calm use the coupon codes amika you will
get five dollars off your first purchase
on their website you can see that
there's a ton of different starter sets
you can choose from they've refills and
they can get wrapped it for the holidays
so this kit which cost $15 you'll get 4
10 and i think it's only this week it's
perfect holiday gift I hope my dad's not
watching because I'm probably gonna get
in one probably for my brother-in-law to
my dad tale it's a really good gift and
it's inexpensive and they're gonna be
like you spend way too much money on me
so if you have a brother and father or
you like to shave your legs husband
husband baby that has a mustache like
Noah you should get this check it out
Harry's com coupon code sanika I'm just
getting a possibly nice o Soave hey
buddy oh yeah see you met hailey when
you were veiled you don't know do I gosh
oh you don't know that
this is haley Matt's wife Hayley met
Noah the day he was born they after oh
right when I come up man oh he Smyly OG
love ya finally I know gee daddy smiling
it down let's not let me see Rachel
Rachel Rachel look Jen the builders add
it again okay Oh first time playing this
game is beautiful to hear this is Jenna
cos exercises all this is showing your
program oh you haven't even eaten yet
wait'll you eat my delicious dinner I
think she should record my mail don't
you I will so we're going black friday
shopping and so Haley's looking at our
deals for us
23 hey oh hi did the Cameron hey lady
yeah say hi to the family fuh wolf this
is the first grandchild of the family oh
this is a lady Laura it's almost
midnight and I'm winning in magic magic
is my be your second place currently
okay this last game I played the sassy
we played I one with 28 toughness on
hundred my my characters all you magic
pairs no that's amazing these are second
given each other just and this is our
current setup she's playing it i'm such
a nerd right now yeah play a green agar
deck I'm flattered by black bag I want
for one of the first day to cover team
team at tjs eaten in a group they're
playing fifa kassam refuses to play
magic we're playing more playing magic
swords and haley's what helping gonna
die yeah looking for it so right now
we're at a very defensive position don't
attack either a wrong guy magic they're
playing oh they're playing hockey my
sister of all people pretty magical and
I'm playing magic shout out to add again
I was actually snapchatting alley cat
because i wanted i was so proud he's
really
right my head down no it's entertaining
I still doing still good it's really
annoying reading all those little
paragraphs so that's the most annoying
part of this whole thing so now watch
this here's what I'm gonna do okay I'm
playing this card called act of treason
I get to take over one of your
characters as my uncle what so I'm going
to take this 55 character and attack her
with her own character so three four
five she's at a 702 I'm going to do it
to me then let's play this McAndrews
loses he watches youtube videos about
magic oh I'm up to like four in the
morning watching the Grand Prix's and
the finals of code tours maybe I'll
watch a YouTube video hello what are we
doing this I'm just really mad I didn't
blog when my character had 28 toughness
how do I didn't vlog that there's no
proof of it except for my one snapchat
alley cat which is now disappeared I
wigan I have a natural magic I want
again I went again look at this look it
up look at my book on my deck right here
look at so in fairness I killed her and
yes usually yes I want both games guys
don't challenge me magic I'll win
beginner's luck hey guys hey Sam told me
to uh talk about my life yeah I'm gonna
you do the roar you dude on your knees
you up here oh my bad yes see I don't
know about logging lady come here she's
my little puppy lady she's like she's my
daughter I love her she totally look
weird oh so me and Sam just had this
epic epic night of you so what they're
gonna throw to salt lake and then
we're gonna have epic everything just
singing dancing foosball yeah gruffly
with an iphone remember everything we
played 10 games tonight he won five I 15
yeah so and then tomorrow days of it's a
day of non-stop football you wanna get
super smash bros super smash brothers on
the wii u yeah that's gonna be pretty
fun I'm just like after on that okay
once Santa Santa Andrews Olaf headed a
lot okay guys this is nita yeah you know
enjoys all I love her reaction to them
in jerz officially Olaf yeah because
it's my wonderful wife Haley mission is
so beautiful and awesome no poo kids
birthday parties friday night that
doesn't it we played ducks Hawks all
night and friday night we're going to
that size I'm so excited that lights
more blackhawks fans dude I I told you
that stadium is gonna be filled with
like Black Hawks fans and that's what's
sad about Anaheim hope the stadium by
myself seriously it's like half and half
is how bad it is for my show up and
there's probably be more blackhawks fans
in Anaheim Stadium how sad is that but
we're going to probably go crazy and
have a lot of footage for you guys so
how do you do it jens like sing it do
you see that some time oh I don't know
the words what is it hey no word to you
all you all you are you my jokes is
u-haul
kiss you all know but then she says no
and then sam says you ha oh it's that
time of night where we say I goodnight
to you all too ah it's just hey ok right
now ready ready not too hard with
anyway we love you peace Hong Kong
on you do everything that I see our
Johar love an emotion endlessly I can't
get over that was terrible never reclaim
yeah seriously isn't who had that
