hey guys what's going on sorry for the
late vlog I'm just editing and uploading
it now if you're still awake and you
watch this I love you if you went to bed
I love you too sometimes I don't get a
vlog up early and I've talked about this
many times most of the time it's because
I've been putting my real-life
relationships every single day ahead of
editing sometimes I come home and Jenny
needs help and so I help her out in this
case I had a friend in town he was
staying with us and I didn't want to be
like yo dude I'm gonna go edit you're
only here for like 24 hours so let me
just go work on that so anyways here it
is love you guys it's that of network we
say ignite to you oh gee you are is that
time of that
he gets bored so easily these days and
we're still can text it's so cold and
sandwich work he does talk some early
that is just so hard to got a bed to get
the car it's hard to keep him happy
these days because he just wants to go
go go and just do stuff and stand up and
walk around but he hasn't been doing
this jumper as much he likes who
druthers oh no you're okay hey yo camera
here you'd rather just jump in your arms
what you do it from a dog TV's always on
as background music and then we end up
watching it a lot of it do you like the
little einsteins please tell me I'm up
the only new moms that have the TV on a
lot during the day it's off right now
just good I just turned up for my girl
she's on too much going on also can I
just say that diaper changing is
becoming a nightmare he's so Wiggly and
tries to roll all over the place and
just hates it with passion so I've got
to be speedy Gonzalez those diaper
changes these days movie maybe we'll go
for a little walk shoo go for a little
walk buddy he also learned a new trick
with his tongue do it he's been doing
that lately trying to blow on his
tenants for the cute hey did he go buddy
I remember when I only had 200 au voir
just got done exporting what so one of
my good friends is in town and we have a
lot of good guy friends in our circle we
get together all the time we used to
live in the same city but now we've kind
of dispersed and so actually we don't
get together all the time so when we do
it's a big deal
for that tonight is dudes night out
which makes this the greatest wife ever
but I also did help get no to sleep and
get you pizza watching YouTube videos
also I haven't seen my friend Devin you
just served a mission and he just got
back home I haven't seen him for over
two years and then we met up tonight
welcome hanging out with Alfie from the
United Kingdom is alpha yeah hey dude
where are we at what's this place called
 everything lucky would you get
tonight uh what did I get old man only
now you're on YouTube is this how many
drinks did you have tonight I did you do
add that to your snapchat and that's
your septa would you ask this is your
angles are yeah yeah yeah yeah you take
goes on dates are you finding boutiques
night happen on a nickel arcade that's
getting the barrel dude I'm the clashing
teammates be a ninja turtle bay 112
kills in Michelangelo yeah we racing
right here look at this blue car let's
go bro yeah I don't know I'm gonna be
leader bro we get our pro
bro
what are we supposed to do oh man we
should go beginner all right here's the
match we got the artificial heat vs
quarry three two one that was not even
close to what we did last time
look at that release gorgeous he's a
regular brent Barry
you got a lefty beat me right now
there's no way I 8925 45 hey yo doodle
jump I thought that was a game just for
like my phone classic mailman haha yeah
nigger oh that's gay penis it was that a
baby hook way up here we go congratulate
oh my goodness
weapons training it says actually that
they'll recruit you now go to ww Erica's
army calm 99 I'm gonna do Jalen Rose got
to give the people give the people what
they were doing and checks got to do the
people give the people what they check
sailing let's give the people what they
want to close the half an hour ago then
to play every game is really go oh my
god that kid comes up go free pens game
Oh men hunting a headstone right now
here what the heck it was here
protecting my car I'm almost parked on
top of that person what what she lays on
it one of them doesn't have a guest a
student 1967 someone was just randomly
buried here either that or somebody
stole a headstone I just put in so many
yeah I thought this place for all right
no only tuesday i said i would do too so
here is 2 comments the first one is
katrina michelle a bull I think you've
been it before can't remember 106 Noah
seriously looks like a grown person
sitting on the couch like that but not
at the same time because he's a vibe a
LOL does that make sense am I crazy this
is the clip she's referring to I this
clip killed me so cute he's even like
tapping a little fingers it's so funny
girl you crazy I don't think you're
crazy i thought the same thing i was
editing I was like that is so cute he
looks like a real grown person know how
long to stay a baby forever okay second
comment we haven't selected a name for
the elf yet but our ttc journey are you
looking
hmm it says name elf chewy or chewy LOL
since that's all no one wants to do with
him Oh Jen selects nuts but she was a
good one chewy is a close second I think
compared to net spies or some obsessed
with nuts you guys came up with a lot of
names I need to go back and review the
ones i haven't seen yet we will name him
i think you for december i think nuts
are chewy I think now the feeling that
nuts are chewy or one of these names I
think not visiting the house often and I
don't gonna win because my LT is too
creepy you will enjoy this I guarantee
it yeah well it's gonna be fun you'll
see what I'm talking about well it's
that time of the night where we say a
good night to you are it's that time of
night world a good night to you was it
oh do you are it's that time of night
were we say igniting you were GU oh it's
that time of the night we say goodnight
yeah to u haul this ad brought to you by
uhaul to you all good night guys see you
later have a great weekend by best wife
ever I've got out two nights with her
here name alone yeah the jazz game and
dudes night out all right Jen was
invited to the Jays game she wasn't
invited to do so when a baby has a
routine I get like an anxious should
never be out of that routine I guess
what we got him no see I I know I got
him all ready to go be very low so I
don't you guys I think my bed husband
come by said my number one priority it
would be different but Noah's kind of
attached to me so no I'm saying attached
to me yeah he is okay we'll see you guys
tomorrow like a guy's a song time go
home
eyes on you you everything that I see
our Johar love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over it's that time of the
night
