Oh Noah has no idea what he's in for
well guys gonna be sitting up before we
know it he's still a little wobbly but
look at him look at you sitting above us
he's so good well he kind of Morra leans
forward but it's pretty good progress
look at this little kid just chillin are
you just chilling with your little
warm-up I went to make his food and I
came back I turned around and he was
like this you're so cute
you're so cute oh I'm down okay daddy
this little nug is very tired today I'm
very clean very sad just wants to cuddle
I've tried to play with him try to feed
him he just is not happy with me and my
doctor when I went to his last picture
should be nutrition the point when he
was like four months old she said oh try
to get him on a schedule Tory's only
napping twice a day now but longer naps
it's like 1:00 in the morning you want
an afternoon but like for an hour an
hour a half not quite there yet you
still on about three or four naps more
like three naps that's okay your baby's
tired I just I can't force him to stay
awake
what's up peeps it is time to go home
from work it is so cold today and I saw
my first snow flurries apparently in the
south apparently in the south and in the
north parts of Utah well I am in
northern itza but apparently it's
snowing and we just saw a couple little
flurries
it wasn't anything to get too excited
about Noah's first snowfall it could be
coming I officially have six more days
of work before I am off for over a week
going to California for Thanksgiving how
many times have I mentioned that can you
tell I'm excited I'm seriously so happy
to take some time off it'll be good to
spend time of family the jusino relax
it's good for the body to relax although
whenever I relax I always get sick I
always get sick especially when I go to
California I put my relax mode on and I
get sick I felt some of this involves
before I can count on one hand how many
times I've thrown up in my life and
there was one Thanksgiving like two
years ago where I was sick I was
terrible this even get the most
unflattering angle as possible well I
stopped by tout March - every day when I
get home no it is so excited to see me
he's so young but he's already like
reacting to when I get home so let's see
if he does it today
hey who's home who's home did you just
wake up are you tired
hi okay I mean maybe nah
he's usually extra a little bit more
receptive than that
that's why though yeah you would go you
just woke up from a nap you little chunk
so cute
no copy club no cavity Club I'm in a no
cavity Club I just got my teeth checked
and cleaned and got a little fluoride
treatment Oh a little boy uh-oh I got
food and fluoride all up in my teeth and
this little guy
look at those rosy cheeks I thought I
wasn't at least have one cavity or two
because my teeth have been really
sensitive but it turns out they're just
very sensitive teeth no cavities yeah
you know just enjoying lounging in Mom's
arms I won't sit anywhere I gotta lay
down and eat crabby all day until it's
bath time and then it's time to party
because it's bad yo yo I said whoa ma
there's a bright light there's a bright
light there's a bright light oh my
goodness what did you find Noah what is
that well mom I think I found an elf
I found this elf on the shelf but what
should we name him mama says he's gonna
watch me I'm showing him who's bust
right now
ain't that right no work that's insane I
know what do you work that body to Santa
what should we name him what's a let me
save him don't do that to him
what should we name him what do you
think
well my cousins of his name Clark may be
nuts
Nathan Glick no I really know what to
rename them we need your help we're
gonna name this elf that is living on
our shelf watching NOAA we need a good
name for him he's gonna be around all
Christmas you guys know the story about
up on the shelf it comes he his magic
works at night and he comes alive right
no no kids and he he watches you all
during the day and the reports to Santa
at night you hear that he's me watching
you making sure you're a good boy so far
you're I don't know if you're being a
good boy dad nuts so if you have a good
name for the elf post in the comments
and we will use it because we have not
named him yet we just found him on the
elf and we've just found him on the elf
the Elf on the Shelf we just found him
on the shelf our picture yeah I came in
from and he is hanging thank you all
right no let's take care of this guy
Noah has no idea what he's in for
I'm at Walmart for three reasons to get
some cream for Noah's neck he has like a
rash that he's had and we have to try
and clear that up
we took him to the doctor today that
looked and everything also to get
hangers and also to beat the crane game
again time for round two
I'm feeling good I'm feeling like
there's a couple things I really want
like that dear Santa would be cool
ginger Ben head I think that's super
doable so let's do it
if I win giving it to you guys alright
I'm going to go for the bat first
come on oh my goodness that penguins
doable - there's so much stuff that's
doable lism does Jen's not here and I'm
not wearing my lucky shirt that
reindeers calling me
ah
I don't want to talk about it she'll
find that no comment of the day today
we'll do two tomorrow because I'm in a
hurry to get going
la fenix bla person hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog
you got a fun weekend coming out you
guys have a great day yeah hope you had
a great day
and guess that it's almost the weekend
and if you had a bad day you can have a
better day tomorrow see you tomorrow bye
guys
on you you everything that I see our Joe
hot love and emotion and this be
I can't get over I need a voice for him
not make it like really sleep or
something office different
