oh hey I didn't see you there
I was too busy but walking out the
haters
you're such a dork you're such a dork
don't attend ride got it little bit 0.2%
rise mr. grumpy gills look at that face
someone's not too happy about going home
hey how long will you keep the
expression on his face
hey hey guys so me Noah are off a little
walk today to the grocery store I just
ended every sentence like it's really
cold today my hands are like freezing
right now it's gonna whip out a little
car seat sleeping bag little beanie
thanks Joe my friend Joan you got for me
for my baby shower
the little sleeping bag and his thumb
look at that I just want to jump in
there with him I thought being outside
that he would enjoy getting some fresh
air today also we come to sleep training
he has not slept through the night since
that night I'd joining trends I don't
know what it was if you just really was
comfy that night or who was because we
were in the room with him or it was
extra dark or more humid downstairs ever
since we've been home he has not slept
through the night he sleeps all the way
until 6:00 oh my god maybe I should
speed in five so we're kind of still
working on it
you guys look how gorgeous this is it
was just covered cover
be oh my gosh where's the sidewalk Oh
oh wow that's pretty little strawberry
banana smoothie for ya put the little
spinach of course got some strawberry
yogurt banana some frozen strawberries
and spinach then you have some squash
oh no no no sweet potato so he had
squash for a whole week and didn't have
any reactions or anything so we're gonna
move on to sweet potatoes you had some
last night and you really liked it so
we're gonna have some more today for
lunch
those are so not safe for babies dude
you're so dang cute I just got home from
working every day when I get home from
work
this guy looks at the front door greets
me with smiles and laughs you so happy
yeah there you go
I'll give you that back check that out
to get the baby food wrapper off there's
this foil that's so hard to pull off
sometime any of you out there or
adventures there's probably a better
actually there's those caps with the
glass for this kind of container someone
should invent a better way to open it
especially because sometimes there's a
little foil that's left over yes and I
think you put in the microwave it will
spark so yeah make sure it's all off get
on that inventors someone said they want
more footage of Noah eating so here you
go
yeah made sweet potatoes this is your
more footage specifically just for you
oh yeah each other grab anything there
is around him but he does eat really
well yeah you know difficulties they're
difficulties they're food everywhere
else
after the babies eat it's time for the
adults and tonight we're having salmon
asparagus and also some rice from last
night at the Indian place guys get
leftovers I mean take home your
leftovers what I mean and then you can
use it for other meals we're like oh we
want rice in tonight's meal let's just
use that Jen just has the regular rice I
actually have a little bit of chicken in
mine but it's gonna be a good I was
gonna go for a run but it looks like
that's not happening it's really cold so
I wanted to do it inside that's usually
where the treadmill is I need to run to
see if I can run a marathon and it says
it's closed and they're gonna have it
open again in four days that didn't look
like four days time though how dirty and
messy and everything it was so I ran to
the mailbox which is kind of far but not
far enough I get back on this I gotta
run again soon cuz like I honestly need
to test my body and see if I'm ready
push myself for this marathon obviously
I would train for the marathon I just
want to see like where I'm at to see if
I can do it sooner rather than later
each I died in the bed this girl I just
hear someone up to no good or a lack of
fear of someone thank you can you even
talk English I can't speak English I'm
sure the scare me can't scare me all
right here's how it's going down
Jen can never scare me she really can't
so I'm gonna go outside of the house for
30 second I'm gonna come back in I walk
around the house and you have and yeah
your opportunity is scary nice skirt
yeah my goal is the scared okay
the window sneak over I thought you were
over here though or like behind this I
was crawling in here commander you
hey wait tell me the truth you were
cheating
Jen's trying to figure out what the
first picture we ever took together is I
don't think that's it though that was
this is the first no no on Facebook I
really don't think there's some we ever
took together oh no you're right here
spring date yeah what we want to start
doing is talking about some of our past
experiences together because a lot of
guys sometimes ask do you have a wedding
video do you have this do you have that
we do have tons of pictures from our
wedding I actually think we also do have
a wedding video
don't we yeah Kristen did one I feel
like my friend Jack oh there's me hey
guys what's going on okay so what's one
of the things that you guys want to see
first wedding first date different
things like that are you interested in
any of that I just like oh I can I want
to document it so that we can look back
on it because I forget things and this
girl forgets even more I always get all
my dad and mom for forgetting things but
I am just as bad Sam I I'm not gonna say
but we'd like to go back and look at
some of that stuff and get it documented
and preserved so we can have it forever
so let us know post in the comments also
we're getting close to that 50k dance
party we'll start talking about that
when we're really close but I was trying
to figure out how many of you were
around or not around for the 20k dance
party cuz that was know wasn't around
that was a blast
that's sure no it wasn't there I like to
get behind comments
people like yo this should be calm my
other day because I like when you guys
support each other I like when you're
nice
so missus modest Amanda I always hope I
get kind of the day and never do it's
like a rating around Leslie a flying
rainbow would call a halt only to find
out he regards gay a fly but no a
sweet-faced is better than a flying
unicorn bull unicorn and Sam can't read
so for now I'll settle for that like I'm
saying I enjoy when you guys join
together unite support each other for
that ha you're coming on the day we're
gonna wrap this up I got to go beat some
claw machines and win more items for you
guys you have anything else you wanna
say oh yeah we have to who's getting the
third one yeah we got a lot to do
all right we'll see us tomorrow bye bye
bye bye bye
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over don't break anything
please
oh hey babe
