does your ping is terrible damn I'm
gonna give you guys a little bit of
behind-the-scenes for ending we're
editing here
welcome winter we missed you barely
good man I love you hello everybody hi
everyone yeah I could sleep yeah you
ready to get up okay let's go hey guys
ever since a light savings
this kid has not been sleeping very good
he's been waiting looked like an hour
earlier thinking it's like an hour later
you know what I mean
so this morning was a little rough for
us huh buddy you woke up bright and
early at like 6 or 7 and was not ready
to go back to sleep so you just had a
good nap huh yeah that was like an hour
that was good for a long time his naps
during the day were only like a half an
hour and he would like sleep a half an
hour before he was ready to eat again so
I've kind of been trying to change that
and instead of sleeping that half hour I
keep more awake and I feed him and then
put him down and he didn't sleeping a
lot longer for his nut day naps and even
having fewer but longer ones which is
exactly what he should be doing like
saying that don't happen huh you still
took point for an hour yeah you did we
interrupt this vlog for a semi important
announcement I'm gonna give you guys a
little bit of behind-the-scenes you'll
see that that's one of the themes that's
something that Jenica says in today's
vlog we didn't film a ton yesterday
because I might have been playing my
video game which you'll see too but I
wanted to answer some of the questions
that you guys frequently ask so I'm
gonna interrupt throughout the vlog to
give you a little bit of
behind-the-scenes it's a no makeup day
where I'm just cleaning the house
because literally guys but it is a
disaster okay it's not terrible but
there's just stuff everywhere dishes
from dinner yesterday some old cookies
that Sam made and I might have had just
one let me just show you this mound of
wonder to you guys this is real world
this is like what I'm doing today you
know it's not very fun there's just
clothes all over the floor the bed is
not made Sam's got a pile of clothes
I've gotta tackle that mound of laundry
I never let our laundry get that out of
control and I just didn't want to do
want to this week so that's the result
which is fine like I obviously I don't
mind doing Health's chores like I kind
of like it sometimes just because I love
have
organized house I'm like when it's like
this in just a disaster I can't stand it
so it's kind of nice and I like doing
the cleaning because then it gets done
my way
I do like she loved when Sam helps and
cleans and he does a lot but sometimes
you know you just want to get it done
the way you want to get it done huh
yeah a lot of you guys have asked what I
added on computer software and things
like that
I use a MacBook Pro and I use Final Cut
Pro it's pretty basic as you can see
here like it there's not much that I'm
doing other than cutting Clips there's a
little sound clip right there maybe I'll
put a little text in like that but you
know it's just all basic stuff I'm just
literally piecing things together and
really not doing too much advanced
things of the videos every day
a lot of people sometimes think I'm
maybe doing something crazy my head it's
are basic and I think that's what makes
it fun sometimes all I did a lot more
depending on the footage and things like
that but ya know that's what I call a
smoothie look at that baby I'm
incorporating healthier foods into my
life for lunch I'm having this nice
green smoothie a little bit of hummus
with some pretty little thing chip
things and some veggie stress drank they
want of trying
oh wait is that who's that my mom did
they change things yeah it's on a higher
framerate should we do the rest of the
today's vlog someone's like hey Sam you
should start vlogging in 60 frames per
second you know I go with the 24 cuz
it's a little bit more cinematic but
we'll do 60 we'll see what's up for
anything we're editing here this is a
touchpad and we're editing say hey mom
mom I'm editing right now yeah my face
seems so different looking at the back
of this I love this guy I love him so
much
it's such a little squish and let's talk
about something real quick
Jen and I are always trying to get fit
more fit better shape healthier life so
as I'm drinking Mountain Dew and yes
spicy hot
not always oh wait let me show you that
real quick those are really cool let me
show that yeah hold on okay this is cool
check this out I got this candy at work
whoa let me just put it together this
will take two check it
cool creative Halloween candy right
there
you want some a lot of people asked us
with camera we really loved our Canon
Powershot 330 HS until it broke too many
headbutts that's not really how it broke
though now we use this sony rx100 m3 as
you can see right here has a screen that
pops up pretty cool so for dinner
tonight yeah we didn't boys you see us
freedom boys yummy and hit whedon boys
yes we know you're males wait tonight we
are making some pizza
okay I'm not making the crust but look
at we got like some mozzarella fresh
mozzarella I got some tomatoes cuz my
side is gonna be I'm gonna do half
margarita and then say I'm gonna do half
pepperoni some Sam me no me I might beat
that and so I'm gonna roll out the dough
and go on we love each other you want it
to be healthier yeah so this is it we're
making pizza oh no it's to be honest
let's be real let's be real we would
normally make some crazy pizza but this
time we're yeah we're gonna do some
dough and cheese like Jen said so
something a little bit healthier kind of
and it's saving us some money kind of I
don't have it in a little thing so I'm
gonna try to very carefully another
frequently asked question in the vlogs
and online is what do you use to take
your pictures Jenna has a nice DSLR that
she is this but most often we use the
same Sony camera and then I send them
through my phone via Wi-Fi I'll show you
how I edit them really quick the cool
thing about this camera is that you can
send things like super fast straight to
the phone I like to edit them in vsco
cam it's pretty cool editing software
it's free it's very popular right now
you can do a lot with it there's fun
filters
let's see editor that picture I've never
posted that actually no it's so cute
there there's like different things that
you can do though you know you can hype
up the filters I've really already
edited this photo so there's not much to
show you but there's just all these
different things that you can control
and I really like that I turn around for
one second and he's already corrupting
my childhood just scramble whatever used
but when you call of duty no you ready
for the final product there it is
there's Jen's olive oil tomato and
cheese and man with the pepperoni I
thought maybe we'd have enough cheese on
almost too much but maybe we should put
a little bit more although that's kind
of what a New York style pizza looks
like from Grimaldi's I don't eat it what
does that say it says my mommy loves me
more than cookies and sweets no this is
such a difference from the first time
you didn't hate it look at this you ate
the whole thing yeah yeah another
frequently asked question from people
all the time is how much footage two
guys shoot each day it's pretty much
everything that you see 10 minutes 12
minutes
well we filmed throw it in the vlog so
we're not filming like two hours of the
day and then selecting the best parts we
just record for a couple minutes and
then does your ping is terrible 56k you
should bring your xbox to work just be
in the gamer dude I need to upgrade my
weapon stat with the red dot sight
because this crosshair is not gonna not
gonna cut it
oh yeah baby I got three so far three
three oh whoa
suka lag oh baby oh my did you know
those I'm oh he's no Zach he's in the
zone everybody there's a couple of quick
things from behind the scenes I know way
more in depth on how I actually shoot
the photos how I edit photos how we
shoot whatever any I mean questions for
starting up waa questions for sharing
YouTube channel things like that if you
want me to I've been thinking about
starting my own channel too so if you
guys want to see that maybe I'll do that
on my own channel and Jenna will do her
little thing on her channel you guys
want to see that
should I go more in depth than that let
me know in the comments oh the comment
of the day is a funny one it's been
since edited but it was so funny when I
was said Austin from the night door said
what's wrong with Mason's well now it
says edit Noah but it said what's wrong
with Mason's cheeks why are they so cute
it just like who the heck is Mason
hilarious Austin it's no one that was so
funny he's like I just I just read a
Keeping Up with the Kardashians earlier
the crap article and they have a baby
named Mason
Jenica is also nominated this for a
comment of the day like oMG this is from
Rebecca Marie are you really ending
vlogs either it was a joke or Jenica had
some serious eyes which is happening
that she should get checked out guys
it's just some serious eye twitching I
swear someone obviously has not been
watching the vlogs
Andrew homie I don't know about that
marathon crap I mean I have faith in you
but bruh was the last time you ran a
mile hahahaha Andrew when's the last
time you watched the vlog come on me
come on man a lot of you were super
supportive and I've been looking at
marathons I think I'm gonna try and do
too seriously okay one of them my mom
when she turns 60 which is this coming
year 2015 she's gonna run a half
marathon she's run a marathon before by
the way my sister Lindsey's run the
marathon and I forgot to say her as well
she's awesome but my mom is going to do
a half marathon when she turns 60 in Oh
hi oh that's a little later though
that's like a year away the actual half
marathon and I want to start training
like soon so to talk with some people
I'm thinking about maybe doing - we'll
see you keep you in the loop of course
alright your health nut health nut
walrus got a little behind the scenes oh
I'm so healthy
workday's Oh goals the goals goals goals
how many goals do we ever make and we
don't do them um like every American on
the first day of January yeah that's why
I'm saying goals now I'm not I'm not
just about New Year's resolutions I
think I've said in the blogs before I
need to go well my year it's almost been
a year and some also said hey you guys
need a 50k dance party yeah we're doing
a 50k dance party of course remember
last time I was like next time there's
gonna be a baby you know he asked me to
dance video heck yeah it gets all the
damn family it's gonna be awesome
alright tomorrow's me fun day we'll see
you then gotta go
you everything that I see our Johar love
and emotion endlessly I can't get over
holy cow
are you kidding me who it look at these
people just like in their apartment that
guy's got his phone up as insane are you
kidding
