holy crap guys
good morning sweet world it's time to
party I feel like poop Samvel all effec
our friend alex is in town Noah's
Godfather
El Padrino and we are going to lunch at
Moochie my friends remember you me there
too so lots of friends are gonna be
there maybe some well and Garcia anyway
so we're gonna go to lunch and then hang
out for a bit and then we're not sure
what sahn's an anime character you guys
and what exactly is my race I'm excited
and those in the back he's getting the
more at WCI I got a nipple in my pocket
and we're going to move cheese today
that's the key little mohawk you got
there hey what's up I'm here Sam
now we're at Muji's me and Sam go way
back we actually lived together for
about two months in the Dominican
Republic when we were mission companions
together we had so much fun
serving together it was it was absolute
blast and he told me before him that he
was nervous to be on the camera because
he's like man it's like being on TV or
something like that so I was really kind
of dogging him all day but it was all
love love that kids a lot look at this
hair right here look at this brothers
who's whose do looks better than A or B
actually feel left out I need to look at
you love you mom and dad oh yes I love
you oh yes I love you mom and dad
is that sandwich I'll show me that image
tell me about that
what is that chimichanga how big is that
I think it's bigger than 12 inches
Philly cheesesteak yeah I got my chicken
and cheese for Jen Philly cheesesteak
here peppers fries
El Padrino Oh baby Judy boys guys you're
not Judy boys hey any ladies up there in
Provo this guy up look this guy up if
you've been watching for a while you've
definitely seen Jaron lily and Alex in
the vlogs we went back to the Dominican
Republic me Jen Darren and Alex one time
it was a blast because that's actually
where we all we didn't meet there that's
a long story but it was fun
last time more excited no that's it skin
he just shed his skin that looks like
super fresh that's dead dude that's a
dead snake hey Jane tell us about things
look it's actually still alive yeah it's
the poor he's got rigor mortis hey dude
he's sleeping I think someone just hit
him in the head oh he's alive he's
playing dead right now oh my gosh when i
zoom in and look how big it looks like
holy crap he's in shock right now
what savings he is alive save him save
climb trees in planes crew to Mars can
he and his Jordans do this can you do it
Sam only we know how to do that
guys I knew it I've been hiding this
this whole time but I'm here with Bruno
Mars
yeah so I moved in when I was two I'm
dr. Brennan am I supposed to still just
tell he'll run about like your life
story when I was two my mom left me dogs
dogs everywhere your husband is really
nice I'll repeat it
come one come all I can see the man that
I know has found a new mom
to take the couch sir sure like Lily
yeah you do dude check those out come on
let's see some tiptoeing tiptoe in dirty
yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah from El
Padrino right here dude any advice for
Noah when he grows up I'm gonna show
them this video buddy I'm not feeling
too well this site right here will make
anyone happy when skies are grey Noah
gray his early teething phases he just
wants to choo choo choo choo choo
go Aggies hey Cohen how about them
Alabama what are they like elephant
Crimson Tide as I say elephants to row
table baby
great this is all day guys
he just wants to stand all day so we
kind of have a predicament Noah is not a
baby that enjoys sitting down or laying
down
Jenna's talked about this a lot he would
rather stand this is a rare sight right
now he would much rather stand up hey
push that there you go buddy so we're
thinking about getting one of those
standing chair things you know where
they can kind of sit but staying at the
same time I think you would love it
buddy
kind of worried you're not gonna love it
though the same time and then if you
don't love it and I don't want
spend money on it well I guess we could
return it but we've also heard rumors
that he should have a baby that young in
it but then at the same time he's a big
4 month old he's a big guy guys I mean
yeah he does it cuz I feel like he's
more comfortable standing it's like I
want to stand we're trying to get him to
you know obviously he's not gonna crawl
now but we put him on his stomach to get
more comfortable with that but what do
we do do we get on one of those standing
things should we get him one
I want to bet I'm afraid he's gonna
wanted to stand and not ever do to me
time again yeah the kid just has no
chill he just has no chill tired no
chill bruh comment of the day goes the
Julia and I really hope this is true of
Julia I hope you're not lying to me
right now she said I was a target today
and I saw a pumpkin costume I said
sanika out loud and these two girls come
up to me and they're like you watched
saying matka and I was like yeah do you
watch them and they were like no I'm
just kidding they're like yeah and then
we had a little salmon communion in the
lanes of Target my friend sam alito that
you saw in the video today said one time
used the library and he said someone
watching sambuca and he didn't go up to
him and say hey I was like dude come on
man that could have been a cute girl and
you would have that instant connection
anyways I hope that story's real cuz
that's really cool one more comment of
the day Janna my culture you asked I'm
from Iowa we have corn eyelids do some
more that let's do some more comments
Sam that's a lion not a cheetah guys I
know it wasn't a cheetah there was
actually a cheetah there too I just
thought the shape and the face was
similar to Chester gosh it's a warding
major chunky spit-up ha thanks for not
doing the slow-motion huh I told Jen I
was like I can't do slow motion on that
clip that's - I know it's gonna make
someone feel sick I had to include it
though because it's just there's too
good not to include so hey we found a
happy medium right
alright Jen's feeding Noah I'm wrapping
up the vlog it was really fun to see
friends again friends that I don't
always see that often Alex looks so far
away and he has he know like three or
four times he flies out here hangs out
with us always May
time for things like that and cash when
friends do that how awesome is that
means so much to us and it's cool to see
friends that I lived with in the
Dominican Republic that I don't see that
often although we all live in the states
now I actually live close to each other
it's just good to be together and
sometimes we get a little rowdy
sometimes we get all hard on each other
I need to be a nicer friend sometimes
because I gave Sam a hard time but that
kid I love that kid anyways hope you
guys enjoyed it no one is mohawk watch
out ladies that's how I said hey anyways
we love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
please
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion and the speak
I can't get over
