morning everybody it's Monday morning my
favorite day of the week
and I want I'm feeling a little cranky
I'm ready to scream right yeah
hold the camera hope these cameras this
look like that
yeah I mean that handled like that no
vlog
happy Monday everybody it's Monday which
means that's weird how we like put
things around time like it's the weekend
go crazy whoa and then back to Monday
and it's Monday again and I'm not even
making any sense but in my head it's got
me thinking happy Monday everybody hey
guys so I have had a very sad sleepy
baby today I don't know what's going on
with him but he is just a little a sort
today huh buddy he just slept for a half
hour woke up to eat and then fell back
asleep for like 15 20 minutes in my arms
and that never happened so maybe he's
not feeling well he doesn't have a fever
or anything I don't know he's just kind
of out of sorts today
so I think I'm gonna just try to hang up
some more pictures I don't know it's
really hard to hang up stuff though Sam
but then one scene gets home I don't
want to be like hey let's hang up
pictures cuz I know you're tired and you
want to relax so I'm just gonna hang
some stuff up if he doesn't like it he
can move it but I'm sure he'll be
fighting it before ever I hang up stuff
but I think I'm gonna put this think
happy be happy on this little wall nice
little reminder when you walk out the
door or walk in the door yes and then I
know what's going on this well I just
ordered a picture from Etsy it's like a
watercolor painting of the San Diego
temple so I'm really excited for that to
come because that I don't think I could
paint myself honestly um so yeah and I'm
not really sure where I'm gonna put the
piano maybe in the hallway I don't know
I just realized I have a lot more black
and white stuff thing up and like color
so I let's see you let's see if we can
have the first three month old vlogger
here all the cameras
can move this over like that yeah that
handle like that now bug
let's try this one more time
fold it in that hand like that the other
hand thank you
hey hold it hold it up there you go
bug ah keep an eye on you or stop you in
there bugs trying to kick yourself out
man
Sampson making us burgers
there's a little football on if you
smell it I can't I can't
that's so good yeah chef Sam I only cook
chicken burgers salmon steak kebabs
mashed potatoes ceviche sushi excuse me
Leif Wellington you ever heard of a beef
wellington huh cheeseburger a bagger
it's a bad bad little man's not feeling
well today so he's actually asleep right
now I'm hoping that at this little thing
in his classes it fell me it's terrible
he's just just not he's just out of
sorts like everything drink boy he kicks
a lot earlier when bath time comes he
wants to be crazy and almost roll into
the water sit there with obviously your
than both times right but we've like
hold him there now because he's been
trying to roll off doesn't it like I was
saying earlier I did I was able to get
some stuff hung up because he's been
taking long naps today I got Wrigley up
over the TV I got this little guy hung
up but I might move him over a little
bit we'll see that's already been up I'm
putting up the states right now more
stuffs move on that wall eventually it
looks like very barren but that's okay
and then I put this little guy up right
here there we go
think happy be happy I thought that was
nice - it's a good play on the way up
when you
you know we always had a thing here it
said return with honor
come on your door yeah uh-huh but we
found like that and then my temple
picture is gonna go there and then I'm I
put aside all my little piano picture
here
we're experimenting yeah this is all
subject to change I just wanted to get
things off the ground
we need more light in here it's what we
do I think we need to get a lamp for
like this back corner area and I really
just want a new couch that's lighter
good I feel like light furniture makes a
darkroom brighter so I really want to
paint this like a gray color like a
light gray and I would really love a
lighter couch I'm gonna really love a
lighter books off but that's okay it
will happen eventually but I'm just
happy that I'm actually decorating guys
and I'm planning on having us take some
family photos of small I can actually
have some good pictures to put on the
walls and stuff and I would love Ella
whoever's someone had an idea to put a
big picture of us up there and I really
like that idea too
are you saying she wants to shoot some
photos later this year Oh three you want
it to earlier and he messaged me on
Facebook and I I'm terrible at Facebook
messages so I missed it what was that
Darby hey what's up I hear photos are
beautiful yeah so I'm really happy I'm
really pleased how these turned out so
I'm gonna keep going and update you guys
need oh my god that's already up as well
it's coming together guys kind of guys I
also got some berries check those out
got some blackberries and raspberries
which brings up a good debate what is
the best berry I think my favorites
raspberries of the berry strawberries
blackberries blueberries and all those
let me know what you guys think
I think raspberries are the best they're
my favorite at least blue raspberry
which doesn't even exist and I had this
debate with coworkers one time blue
raspberry if it's a flavor and candy you
almost can't go wrong it's like the
safest best candy choice blue raspberry
but blue raspberry doesn't really exist
somebody has grown to love bath
let's go back did both back and forth
dimple dimple but Watson the Monday
Night Football game when I'm a sideline
it was Bill Belichick and John's uncle
crush the stone crush the stone chip and
grind and munch make me a concrete from
the old weird doesn't always go
perfectly and like before the baby
that's into mulch mulch egg lay on a
leaf guys I had my first dad hang out
apparently I'm a dad now and I talk
about dad things I did it with unboxing
John here he has three kids and then I
got Mike who has a baby on the way both
really cool guys so I'll post the link
to the hour and a half long hangout
you should probably fast forward though
so like I don't know I'd say about 15
minutes and cuz the first 15 minutes I
think we were just trying to figure
things out so so yeah guys just that I
hang out with Micah and unboxing John
and I've been speaking with them for a
while we met I don't know how long ago a
couple months Micah actually has a
really hilarious video about revealing
that they're having a baby I'll post the
link to that one and then I'll post the
link to the Hangout for John we talked
about a lot of different things that
kind of like Unleashed my soul on the
Internet
go figure yeah are you listening yeah I
didn't get kind of personal I was
talking about different things about
like what someone asked what I would
want Noah to remember about me if I died
and things like that yeah I said that
you just know that I always loved him
and supported him and one of them you
know that he always had someone to lean
on and even know and I wasn't there kind
of things like that you making fun of me
yeah go check that out guys one thing
that we gens being silly
one thing I mentioned though is that
this YouTube thing has brought me closer
to people that I maybe would have never
spoken to for sure I mean it some people
some of you guys live across the world
so I mean you live in other states some
of you live in the same state as me I
still don't see you guys but I'm kind of
like a shy person in some many aspects
and I can't no I just am NOT like always
to every single person I see on the
street like hey what's up like what's
your story and with YouTube you are
brought together with lots of different
people that you maybe would never
approach at the grocery store in their
street even at the same company you work
for you know even at the same school
whatever I think the cool thing about
YouTube is that we let our guards down
and we are open to meeting new people at
least we are aren't you expose it just
things like that you know people out
there oh absolutely yeah which is like I
am a very shy person like growing up I
was super shy
I wasn't high school I was really shy
culture by the way I'm open to being
friends and making friends and meeting
people and going to events going to
vlogger fair meeting people that I've
never seen in person before and like we
don't all have the same interests but we
do connect with our interests in videos
and YouTube and different things like
that and that's what makes it
interesting actually and I think it's
cool that you can connect with people
from all across the world that's why I
love popping in the comments seeing
what's up seeing what people are doing
this weekend the different cultures the
different religions the different
everything it's cool and so that's why I
enjoy doing Hale hangouts like this
getting to know other people like John
and Mike gender in the book club like
there's someone from Hawaii or going to
school at BYU why and that's awesome
Cassidy and I'm rambling but my point is
is that one of the greatest things that
I've enjoyed from doing this so far for
nearly nine
is meeting new people and so I'm
grateful for all my friends that I've
made it's been a fun journey and we're
just getting started right guys Jesus so
I've been rambling we both do that
really well I yeah and I decided to one
we should do our part two of the yoga
this week or next week all right we'll
do it this week if you guys think we
should do this week either that or we
got to do that challenge no with the
hard-boiled egg I know and I've talked
calendaring I know that they have
challenges I hate raw egg I hate the
smell and the texture I hate everything
about it well would you rather sleep
right so now with the eggs for the egg
this week let us know no eggs
I refused refused today's been kind of a
normal you know just a normal day gosh I
still want to do a day in the life
sometime I know but we're gonna end
today with a yoga pose so let's do this
we should save this for part two but
we're gonna try and do a pose that
allanjreid awesome as the thumbnail
their video they are so good I knew
there would be good awareness and I'm
worshiping you a magic ally to see me
terrible breath
I realized that with that pose yeah not
today not today not today we're gonna go
and do this one oh my goodness far too
old see yes Martha by yoga or eggs
please
