yep it's time for church Noah I know
you're upset bears and Packers are on
and the game just started
zero zero literally just two minutes in
I know you want to stay home and watch
it but let's go to church all right
maybe we can watch the game when we get
back and record it right mama all right
go bears beat the pack
bear down all right let's go bears yeah
good W we barely beat the Packers lately
we need to finally be them
all right how does it feel to be three
months old Oh perfect it takes hard work
dedication a lot of practice and things
like that I mean if you're gonna are you
interrupting this interview with the
fire was that a tooth
do you wanna is there anything you want
to say about that
our home food church and I don't want to
talk about the Bears game I know what
happened even though I was recording it
but look at this guy
but get this guy three months old three
months old in his Jordan Jersey three
months old in the Jordan Jersey tips to
winning my job and one z step to winning
my Jordans
onesie tip toe winning my child and
onesie how does it feel to be three
months old perfect and daddy is cooking
dinner for us oh my god I just what the
world thing yeah it's gonna be a good
dinner mashed potatoes gravy little
steak and chicken wrapped in bacon I'm
on a diet
we're reaching potential first laughs
like first there was such a good one
with salmon of the camera I wish you
guys could see the hair like some people
were saying yesterday at the meet up
like wow yes so much more hair than I
realized actually is a little fuzzball
right there
Oh are there any little gnomes living in
the mushrooms getting crazier by the day
yeah like real talk he's getting crazier
by the day a little personality yeah
well most the personality a he's also
spitting up a storm this week seriously
we used to never spit up and now he
spits apology it's real fun baby
especially when you catch it yeah
Saint Sacrement before I started
literally caught huddled in my hand and
then it sloshed under the floor is
really funny / - my skirt I also got
poop on my skirt today we were a hot
mess
you know I know us we were a hot mess
today let's just say that but it was
good we survived it's also kidding like
feels this is the first day that it's
felt like fall to me yeah well because
my fellas are there already on the video
well it's been raining the past like two
days in a row yesterday all day and
today all half-day it so cool down a lot
riskier that right now yeah yeah it
feels like fall like I feel like it's
gonna start smelling like fall soon
there's my clothes I mean it smells like
cigarettes and apartments I just can't
wait for that crisp like oh it's fall
update it smells like fall now five
minutes later I was later and I got a
burst of fall air a burst I think I
walked through the door and into fall
looks like it's gonna rain again
oh it's uh snow it's not snow right hey
guys I'm about to start my Google
hangout book club
book club on Google hangout J no let me
have a go they need to see my face first
not yours okay let's you the first
person is baby Brooke she's the one who
created Jenna cos laughs on Twitter are
you allowed to say that oh can I say
that can we say that okay
she created Jenna cos laughs on Twitter
Kate where's Kate where did Kate go
we're about to start the Hangout rip
Kate go keys outside keeps like going
for a run right now hi welcome to hosted
by me
mom's cracking us up huh funny it's kind
of cute too
when they're doing it well book club is
here you see she's a loving man right
now
talk to me Barney fans a little book
club on Google hangout Maze Runner
spoiler alert okay Jenna wants to bring
this over we've got we've got TJ we've
got Kate we've got Christina we've got
caste we've got Brooke we've got Andre
and we've got Carlos next time I'm gonna
have to figure out what to do because I
have no idea what I'm doing right now
like I said mom's having her book club
right now so Noah and I are just having
some pillow talk um he's going to bed
like in an hour
right hour and a half if you're lucky do
you think about that so I'm just
interviewing him and asking about how
you know what what life's like right now
so Noah what is it like to be three
months old yeah that's interesting and
what do you expect to like learn like
what new things are gonna learn in this
next month going forward your fourth
month well I mean yeah it it takes hard
work dedication a lot of practice
and things like that I mean if you're
gonna are you interrupting this
interview with a fart was that a tube
do you wanna is there anything you want
to say about that I know I mean you do
live here you have every right to let it
out but you're just gonna toot on me
like that in the middle of our interview
okay what's your favorite kind of milk
like when mom eats mashed potatoes sushi
in and out wendy's what kind of milk is
your favorite he misheard me he thought
I said the milk supplies running dry
anyways that wraps up today's interview
with this guy I hope you have a
tremendous fourth month of your life I
know it said I'm just going by really
fast all wealth to wrap this up we'll
see you guys later
any last words good night we'll be back
the first hangout a book club is over I
hope all of you who were in it had fun
it was a little all over the place
because of me I'm sorry I kind of jumped
all over the place I need to have an
outline and be more organized next time
but it was fun I think we had a good
time because we all like to read and
watch movies and watch TV so it was
great it's 9:30 at night like
he's passed out
he's gonna bet earlier that we can just
pull it again he's gonna believe I'm
awake not asleep we're watching : and
Katie here now I'm trying to get this
vlog put together so I can post it for
you guys earlier than normal you know
they're just balling over their baby and
I just want to sneak into my baby's room
right now and cry over his crib I love
it we just stared at him all day like I
just look at him and I give him a
thousand kisses every single day
well same here cuz I'm with him
literally all day and I just I think I
kiss him over a thousand times thing as
Jen could you imagine life without
little no one no I could not like what
do I BC must have flown by but it also
feels like he's never not been here like
what was life like without him life is
probably easier but it wasn't that
rewarding yeah I love having three
months have already passed that we've
almost been vlogging for 10 months we've
almost done our full year that we said
we would do challenge except that I
realized today that when you post daily
vlogs there's really never any time to
take a sick day
you can't call in sick when you post a
vlog every single day whether you feel
well or not
tonight I was just like so exhausted and
I just felt like oh man but the daily
vlog must go on it's funny um Colin said
that the when he's leaving the hospital
I was like hey we'll be back in the year
and I've joked about having a kid all
the time because like I love family I
love our hands
why are you gonna cry no I'm not gonna
cry I just can't wait to have more kids
and more babysitting other kids I'm like
me and I want a girl oh boy we'll take
our time but we won't wait forever
what do you look like that's I feel it's
one of the reasons we're here on earth
is to like have families yeah for sure
and like Katie said in this video if you
guys haven't seen it yet call me Katie
damnit chick 1 101 God has a plan for
everyone
and he gives kids to people when they're
ready for him and various things like
that and this timing for when we had no
in our lives has been so perfect and
it's been so like make so much sense why
it all takes a while for a lot of people
and I'm grateful I feel so blessed that
it didn't take a long time for us I just
we got really lucky no no good you never
know right you never know what could
happen and when you meant to have those
babies but you'll have them we're
grateful for families tonight yeah
grateful far loaf and we're grateful for
you guys as a family and for your
families so guys hug your families tight
tonight thank you
oh yes see you tomorrow peace
