Yoga
guys I swear this kid oh I just cared
sorry buddy I swear he knows whenever
it's like the end of the month
and I want and it's like about to be his
new monthly whatever a picture three
month whatever he loved he like loves to
torment me and scratch his face so I can
never get a good picture of you he
always look at he's smiling you always
wait to scratch your face when I wanted
a picture of you why do you do that to
me Saturday you are three months old and
I wanted a good picture with no
scratches he literally goes the whole
month without one scratch on his face or
like a big scratch and then the week of
I want to take a picture of him
he scratches himself always I always
sounds like you're saying to death but I
know you're not good morning everybody
mm-hmm good morning everybody
so he'll do that well cough laughing
ended laughs so me my dang peez juncture
but I got mine and I've no shirt let's
check him out let's check him out I
think we need to do a runway of these on
the catwalk on the catwalk on the
catwalk on the catwalk hey and do a
little dance on the catwalk cooking
chicken rice and veggies yeah I do a
little dance on the kitchen catwalk on
the catwalk I'm gonna catwalk here on my
catwalk on the catwalk on the catwalk
what type of catwalk is this
loosey-goosey like a little too much
is the diarrhea cat one the diarrhea cat
Mario do listen sounds catwalk and on
the catwalk on the catwalk yeah I'll do
it is on Thomas take a walk and do you
enjoy the catwalk son sneeze funny
enough no enjoys my singing whenever I
sing to him he smiles so big and makes
me feel like I'm Justin Timberlake what
I get no really though eats babies and
music doesn't matter if you can sing you
can hum you can just carry any sort of -
nice where they love it and this guy
smiles so much our new catwalk on the
catwalk yeah I know it doesn't is hands
on to go walk scare me this time I do
see you put down Steven camera do you
notice that was there Sam I did have a
mother I know I did I will have to find
her
hey what's up YouTube fam we're filming
the couples yoga challenge right now in
this video you'll see it soon but Justin
my outfits inappropriate so she made me
put shorts on it's just not the same
with shorts
babe babe it's just that the same
insurance it's not the same with shorts
so I'm gonna have to ditch the shorts
because I need to get my full
flexibility you're wearing
before we start the yoga since I am
incredibly flexible and very limber I
got to eat this egg white burrito got
some mozzarella corn black beans how
Pena peppers onions red green peppers
this is really the perfect thing to make
my breath nice for close-in from now
this is my pregame like this is like
stretching to me okay I get a small Oreo
peanut butter shake that's it thanks
guys stay hydrated when you do yoga is
how we stretch oh man
I don't know what we're thinking with
that like having milkshakes and
strawberry limeade before our yoga isn't
like it's like the worst thing we can do
but it tastes so good peanut butter or
you I mean Chris was in drink like okay
not Oreos peanut butter almond yoga
today we're doing the yoga challenge
which I don't even know if it's a
challenge I don't even we were not
challenged and worried I don't even have
a challenge but someone commented
someone commented yes okay this weird
commented on an IV holes video of them
doing yoga which is no description Oreo
shake and they said hey Sam and Jen
should do this so we've been practicing
all week doing yoga moves Center revived
but today we're gonna do some more
suggested by you guys on Twitter and
Instagram
let's do it by the way
I'm lolis flexible person you will ever
meet
and we were not built for yoga when I
took a yoga class you're not supposed to
say that I did well good we still work
you can take a yoga class without being
built for yoga right so we'll see how
this goes let's do this Angie Angie you
know okay yeah the Hamburglar Oh
oh wow better chance the other one let's
start up let's see some more like
intermediate stuff and then really get
to the heart suggested by Lorraine yeah
we can do that like it's an age for
Anderson straighten his legs out oh my
gosh
a good one Wow we should do this every
day this is a single print like one
person yoga pose yeah suggested by Kelly
she pimpin there you go this one
suggested by actually fellas this is
from El Padrino Alex this is not the
best thing to do when number one gender
said a baby number two have had some
burrito babies we're both probably the
heaviest I've ever been what's up with
me doing the drum player okay the next
one is from Julia at forever 'till I
think she's friends with Kili we're
going to do on beginners
alright let's see two more two more and
then maybe we'll do a part two this is
midnight and I've worked in like six
hours we're gonna try and do another
kissing one this one's from Shay Brant
goes a little bit something like this I
think we can do that one I think Erin
right now look like Donny Osmond this is
good warm up good warm up yeah work if
we might have to do a part two if you
guys want to see a part two maybe we'll
do part two is it's just you know this
is just beginner stuff Rhys just getting
warmed up this is actually from Maddie
and this is what we're working up to
guys never right here Wow is dead I
don't know if we have the ceiling room
but this was the first one tweeted us
from Carlos we've met on a hangout I
understand let's do like that a serious
oh you got a face full of booty all
right we're gonna that's gonna be for
part two we need a bigger space we're
gonna do one more we're gonna do more
important sorry Carlos that's for next
time
part two generally wants to do this one
the box is how she calls it this was
suggested by Hannah Hannah f 9 to 9 B we
did let's go I don't know I can't even
sit without my wife drink too much there
you have
and the little couples yoga challenge
that was our best attempt at Yoga we're
gonna probably do a part two at some
point we need to get back into this
stretch stretch should hit light no
that's why I'm terrible Yoga sin reach
and I school is terrible I think we're
gonna challenge three people three
couples that first one Ellie and Jared
good 24 hours nice really good at this
yeah I mean you guys were made for this
dance totally a party will be better
secondly we're gonna challenge Austin
and Jess Austin they just started
vlogging so yeah Austin and just so you
guys have oh yah San Jose you guys have
to do two and our final challenger or
person that we're challenging is Casey
Levere and Caylee so Casey and Caylee
Butler you guys cuz they probably let
stick with kissing Gailey guys tweet
Casey hey yoga challenge you've pin
challenge everyone send him a tweet
right now and he has to do you've been
my favorite person to see do this so
actually hilarious anyways hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and the yoga will
if you enjoyed it will do part two we're
gonna work on this it's definitely I
mean I'm gonna work on this yes I think
I shall weed myself before and after
because I definitely I think I've lost a
pound
yep alright guys we love you
eyes on you you everything that I see I
want your hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you
