because why you're closing your eyes
what to know what it is awake when I
goes leo was super nice and sent us to
view one Legos we didn't keep any of
them we gave them away so wanting to
give away more things I try to give SNES
the Super NES but a bunch of them were
canceled anyways
ok Lego sent us another box which is
always being on Legos mailing list
ok ok ready yeah what is in here
oh wait good did they send this morning
Wow that's yours
that one's mom and dad that one's too
hard look at this
lazy your sissies we saw the lightning
mcqueen with the cars night and others
two of those look at the hole at the
whole house Noah
it's a lego city right here look it's a
house yeah you can build the house it
even has to hold a paper in a toilet
isn't that awesome you can make food
there the oven Lego is it is that them
for sure
are you sure yeah
yeah I'm not sure to be honest yeah hold
this no this is what another package
from Lego who's that for
oh my goodness I thought it was your
cleans go show her go show her pick it
up sissy what do you say thank you come
on go show Mom come on let's go show Mom
yeah I think so that's crazy because the
one package came yesterday and then this
one just came today is me Cinderella
their little castle hey this is a good
lesson though no I you remember you gave
away those other Legos you didn't keep
any and lookit I know so it's good to
give to other people I don't have no
color appointment you can't just pad a
kind I'm out late there all right here
is my final hair I really like it turned
out good looks really good curled
hopefully it looks just as good straight
I told her I didn't really want any
layers or anything I just wanted it kind
of more like straight off
but so she didn't do layers she textured
which basically layers so hopefully it
looks okay straight and it doesn't look
like chunky cuz it looks really cute
curled but let's face it we all know I'm
not gonna curl my hair every single day
even though I probably should cuz its
way cuter but I feel like she did a
really great job to a super-sweet let me
know what do you think I think of any
highlights or anything it's just my hair
this is basically my natural hair and
myself a little color left on them from
before but I kind of like how it looks
what you like my haircut more than when
it's long doing this better me too
thanks buddy you're so nice so I've kind
of decided that I think for one of the
picture frames on my little oh my for
hanging shoulder not shoulder shelf I
wanted like embroider like a flower or
something like just do like a little
broidery to like add some texture in
color I don't know how to embroider I
really want to my sister-in-law has some
really cute ordered new pieces that she
did I think she fed was on like Etsy and
like yard sales and stuff I just want
like a something small like a little
five by seven I got very hot we've made
it to Target where I have met my first
unicorn who's under there you wanna try
another one oh goodness a dinosaur how
many customers you have this year that's
creepy you don't scare
those are scary does utah state
gonna win the football game tonight what
is that yes is Noah gonna score goal
tomorrow is known as team gonna win
tonight has question first
sorry Andrew I'm gonna add the TV that's
awesome so my birthday is in a week I'll
be the ripe young age of 21 and the
reason I the only reason I dislike being
born in October is because everything is
Halloween themed
and I am NOT a fan of Halloween never
have been never will be they were like
oh you don't like dressing up and like
want to actor I dress up for a
profession but I just I hate Halloween
hey everything represents I don't like
candy it's just not a fun holiday for me
people think I'm crazy for that so
that's the only thing I have to always
plan my birthday's around something
festive and this year I think I might do
like a dinner detective I don't know
that might be really fun but yeah that's
always and just bugs if I have to do
Halloween themed birthday parties that's
cute yeah do it she'll be a little Heidi
Captain Underpants that's awesome
that's hilarious look at that
look it's you cowboy hold it up high by
your face
yeah dude look totally you these are the
coolest costume as we've seen look at
this
little pizza you little pizza you'd be a
hot dog Power Ranger can be a burger be
a donut or some peanut butter cookie a
baby cookie this will age me I'm no
longer 21 when I talk about this but
Stretch Armstrong a friend of mine when
I was little had one of these got for
his birthday and it was so cool because
commercial was awesome and then he got
cut you could just put a bandaid on him
and then all the goop stayed inside but
Stretch Armstrong this is a classic toy
I can't believe they have this again I
guess he's just like retro toys yeah
right the toy section look at all this
connects I had these when I was a kid I
used to build a lot of stuff I think I
built this actual one this is and this
one this one exactly this is so cool my
gosh why are they bringing all this
stuff back this is amazing found him I
got distracted I kind of find you hi
peach he's still a baby okay knowing all
this stuff I smell movie theater popcorn
in Target
hmm I want to go see a movie tonight I
think maybe Jen and I planned on seeing
a movie I have to do the movie and I
always get the kids back top bar small
drink and a fruit snack or whatever they
provide but I have to you have to go to
movie popcorn I can't not do it anymore
I'm monitoring you monitoring me I'm
monitoring you monitoring me pink and
blue let's see and green this PJ masks
colors yeah you're gonna look awesome a
soccer game one color though yes
multicolor game day watching the Utah
State vs BYU you guys know that Jenna
and I went to Utah State
so obviously really for the Aggies
hoping that they win I got some company
over yes really good time Barros pizza
Arizona people what do you think Baros
pizza you like it you like it got some
hot wings dr. pepper pre-gaming cuz
tomorrow is the big game Noah's been
wearing his cleats all night yep eat eat
enough so you got energy for the mom we
might have to make you some spaghetti
tomorrow I'll tell you guys all about
the game because it's really funny it's
only three-year-olds and they're gonna
like have their first full of practice
and things anyways excited still waiting
for the other cleats to arrive they were
supposed to come yesterday but they're
not here yet kids are just the perfect
fit and we'd rather go a little bit
bigger hey there we go Aggies for day
baby okay
it's a Friday night which means Friday
Night Lights we're asking questions to
the ladies cuz they came up with this
idea Monica wait who knows more about it
everything's everything's a game with
Monica okay who knows more about the
technical aspects of sports so the first
question is let's go how many yards I
don't think is a whole thing call 15
that's a hard one okay okay that's
that's a hard question okay so let's do
another question but let we'll have Jen
answer first just to make it even and
all you ladies at home we going just
football you guys what all sports yeah
we you want all sports here I'll ask a
question basketball one goes to baseball
how many here we go how many innings are
in a game baseball game in baseball game
yeah nine nine okay just you know
testing the waters
how many yards are on a football field
okay how many points is a safety word
how many points is a safety row that's a
good question I was doing this three how
many great yeah better question what is
winning safety what is the same an extra
point to be no how many extra points
that's close maybe should work together
Jen you got some good ideas you had some
good ideas when we get an interception
and run it to their credit for touchdown
might be a pick six
it's one instead of kicking it on the
fourth on the fourth then they rented it
so it'd be when the team on offense is
tackled in their own end zone or the
ball goes backwards behind their own end
zone and it's worth how many points
makes a kick so I'm gonna go to choose
the correct answer yeah yes tied 1-1
yeah I think you said three and a final
answer though he did say two one okay
final question happenes score four
points in water play on three-pointer
how do you feel about that insert I try
to be the diplomat okay what are they
what do they call it what they call it
when the player sticks their bat out
intentionally to just hit a little
here's a good question how many players
are on the field at one time for the
team that's pitching yeah
oh right field left field center nine is
right any other questions yeah that's
good that's good what do you call in the
National League they don't have this in
the American League they have a guy that
doesn't play in the field at all and he
just hits what's he called oh that was
um what's his face hey Pilar no more
basil than I yeah whoa
th designated hitter yeah that one's
even hard for me to explain what's it
Grand Slam one hour later
bb8 first sides about to go we busted
out the bb-8 we split it into packs each
of us got a pack this is what we're
building it is hold on ages 10 to 16
Monica struggling 1106 pieces there's
actually a lot for one of these and how
does this ad go on there's a lot of
gadgets and gizmos in there so we're
trying to put it together we still have
two bags left eating crispy grapes Wow
287 instruction pages later Gen Joseph I
would say Jen did maybe 15% I mean I did
a I did the whole bag that's all I did
was 15%
I did level that 35 35 15 are you
kidding one part Monica the whole head
most of the entire body let me show you
how this works
this is incredible it's crazy is like
rubber bands okay this needs to go like
on a desk so yeah we can't let anyone
touch this it's way too I'm so tired
wanna talk already in a puzzle this was
this is better I love like you're having
it sort through millions of cases
there's definitely good yeah you are I
feel like really happy yeah that's it's
two different feelings of accomplishment
yeah this looks amazing
good job Tina the best part of this
whole thing is the the hardest part
though you get a full bb-8 in two pieces
this will be BA caught there was a
thousand pieces two pieces pieces
and I miss holding the camera talking to
it I'm gonna can I always say that every
time I vlog with Sam and Jen and I just
never get back to it
