good morning guys it is Saturday and I'm
hanging out with my two buddies right
here ain't that right what's this guy's
name
what are we gonna name him he does have
a name right now it's just blue dog it's
gonna be blue doc so we just call him
blue dog what do you think we're into
your hands right now but you wear hold
and is in now you're holding on to his
foot
Jen's running eight or nine miles this
morning so we're just hanging out and
you know having a party talking about
you know the important things in life
life goals decisions I like what isn't
in be when he grows up so he's gonna
marry what kind of girl
what he's gonna study in school just all
sorts of stuff really serious life
questions right
looks like we got a hit the baby on our
hand this is what happens when mommy
dresses you what is this Fashion Week
this Fashion Week right now you still
celebrating Fashion Week look at this
outfit look at this outfit got your
moccasins on valise or the stretchy
pants and your grey shirt this is
Fashion Week
let's go you guys fall is starting to
turn colors in the canyon
followed smaller's making the leaves
turn colors in the canyon look at this
oh you can't fully see it
I'll get closer
the world accomplice crazy the world
would call was made world of Commons the
crazy world and I need more
Oh
he's not
Oh
the clocks 35 seconds
because on the dr. Brown's breast milk
storage bags my new HD these are the
bags that are in there did you bone you
dude that's my son yeah like that's your
favorite flavor of Gatorade actually no
one knows that except me how are we
gonna go oh I think remember that last
time it was a dirt dirt on can you lift
your head we'll use your arms you're
suppose they're supposed to learn to use
our arm to push up but just like this
like this is really tiring that's not
there it's tiring
I know it's tiring oh do you see me in
the mirror buddy come the time with Amir
this time our aunt Margot gave this to
us as a baby shower gift and I just
finally said oh except he's starting to
look at toys now a little bit we've
noticed this weekend and look at he
likes it this whole thing is that
colorful he's diggin it he's diggin it
which means mommy's diggin it huh dad
Oh fun colors yeah and you talk to the
kitty sensory overload like yo hours ago
there's a man that liked my photos on
Instagram and now he's making touchdown
game yes I love that boy Mart asaurus
rex Marty the black unicorn the Internet
so cool this dude I love him
discord touchdown at the game now the
Bears are up by two points so if you
guys are leaving comments a couple
vloggers like I said two in the last
video it's work sorry I'm at one point
we're only up one point one point yeah
well it's better than losing by a lot
the Bears haven't won in San Francisco
since like 1985 play the game right here
that's pretty much could decide it
oh my goodness first gender right the
whole time you're right old this is the
greatest thing I've seen this deck
celebration of catching a bass well
there it is yeah look at that mm-hmm is
my guy right there
it's been an all-american fall weekend
oh no bears we made it back to Logan a
lot more times than I think we had
planned for it's it's been awesome to go
back to football games that game Jen
didn't get to go shoes with Noah but the
next game that we go to she'll
definitely be there because we'll be in
the box with my great aunt Annie Ming
she's the best you guys got a taste of
what a good old-fashioned fall American
weekend's like on the college football
game if you live near a stadium like
that watching the Bears you know a good
time I spoke with Jarrett from Ellie
injured today and we're gonna start
planning the exact day for when we renew
the Salt Lake meet up I think it's gonna
be towards the end of September which is
this month that's actually pretty soon I
don't know I'll keep you guys updated
about wanting to know if there's anyone
in Chicago that wants to meet up during
December or anyone in Southern
California that wants to meet up in
November maybe the beginning of
Thanksgiving weekend goes down I thought
you know if we're gonna go out to these
places I think why not you know let's
choose a place have a little party a
little get-together and it could be fun
also Florida in February you guys are
the best
thanks for watching thanks for making
our life more interesting by sending
tweets Instagram all that sort of jazz
it makes it makes life really fun and
you uplift our spirits every single day
so thank you guys hope you guys had a
wonderful weekend and we'll see you
tomorrow oops
on you you're everything that I see I
want your hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you
