come on you guys for coming up to the
apartment we just left we're used to
live like a couple months ago here it is
our little four-plex where no was oh
wait where we used to live we live in
that bottom apartment yep we really know
we used to park right there we used to
not take out our trash just like these
people oh wow no they're just looking
out I check it out wow there's the best
one hoop Sam you shoot at oh my goodness
it's so weird oh no that's where you
were conceived oh there it is 455 for
druggies name 455 East 900 north and
there anytime you want to go this is
like a San Miguel and Mark you wanna go
check it out there's a notion that's
where we started vlogging the part visit
yeah talking to my boy ap right now
thinking about starting a blog if Jen
vlogs I vlogging it's gotta be a team
effort she's a lot more interesting than
I am that's like when we did everything
Simic Olympics they're dancing session
yep this is the oh here's the laundry
got we've done many washes off and many
dance parties at good times here in
Logan Utah how's it feel to be back Oh
oh no me too I just went to our old
board that we used to be known kind of
miss it I know what miss our friends but
that's okay my new friend see what right
no friends can replace ultra no I'm Hank
keep old friends make new friends keep
the old so we're gold whatever that's on
friends like we're not gonna lose it
whoa that's new that was not that tall
and big when we lived here cuz that's
the place with a sky roof hot tub or
something double-decker hot tub oh yeah
double decker dealt with a cotton a
building's new down there it's a matter
of months thank you made new steps so
nice it's like a you can go there and
get there's laundry there's like
sandwiches seriously my friends in photo
my friends from school lived in the
apartment that you used to be in that
spot and they kicked them out in the
middle of the semester to build a new
apartment that they're not allowed to
live it like they couldn't just like
live with that they kick him out and it
was really hot and then broke down their
house or with a call demolish the
apartment well the new one that's
something built although I must say it's
nice very nice a lot nicer than their
place they used to it here's my second
home you guys home away from home this
is where I spent many many days and
nights at this art building and i were
to know it to it by the way it something
funny today happened well actually
yesterday we grabbed my pants for church
today and uh I grabbed his pants I grab
my pants and I grabbed the wrong ones I
pizza don't fit me i'm wearing my belt
unlike a seven notches in i usually were
done for because i'm so high and they're
so uncomfortable and I cannot wait to
get out of them I want to like show them
like a good nice pan over then I wait my
house I have my tight pants on but
they're not that tight it's actually
very loose like the legs are of waste
some time my grandpa Ian's there's the
studio Noah this is my home away from
home this is where you spent your but
the majority of your morning
you're uh when he was in my belly
there's the classroom where Noah spent
most of his life I mean in my belly
there we go yeah sure she's this is what
we came to see what everyone's been
texting me and showing me and sending to
me I'm freaking in the hallway and I
don't go to school here anymore look at
this huge yeah go turn they had the pay
me for this hey you owe me pay you using
my picture I was pregnant too in that
picture and I denying all look pregnant
it's really funny the funny thing about
this is when i was at this poetry like
thing like exhibit like the stuff like
they you can hear the poets like reading
off their poetry inside the headphones
and this set of headphones had like rave
music going on and so I was dying like
what I was like yeah this is cool like
music it wasn't supposed to be on and
that's when they snapped the pictures
when I was like Rachel this musics not a
physical area if they're playing rave
music okay so this picture honestly has
nothing to do with the poetry I had to
do the rave music but yes awkward that's
good yep maybe he was in me he was
inside of me at that time it was just
little itty bitty itty bitty entire
senior year or super senior year they
were building a new courtyard out here
that's nice they've got this function
going on my couches and seeds that's way
nice cool I wish they had all this cool
stuff when I went to school your
goodness it was not the cool stuff when
we leave like they're building a new
business building right now of course
Sam's not gonna go that business
building oh hello hello ah your socks
match the scenery this is so nice you
guys did not look like this before other
than so much homework down here
personally these blue chairs are very
comfortable i mean we actually match
this room
oranges I mean I got rid of sex yeah
Sam's Red Sox Matt cause that Bella gave
to him about that oh great grandma Bella
yeah he matches a lot yeah my red skirt
matches we all match sounds like
turquoise and your skirt and that's the
yeah it's so funny blew up we were just
made for this room yellow you got yellow
tie on the matches with light bulbs
that's so funny this is really nice i'm
kind of jealous i'm not here anymore to
enjoy this space good job to the people
who designed it true you weren't lying
they have little mini me's everywhere
too oh hi feel about this oh my goodness
there's a painting of me here okay freak
it's me in the future this is so
squished right now I had a class nip in
every one of the classrooms down this
hallway I took that class my friend
melody took all these pictures it's good
to be back but I'm also very happy and
not in any classes right now I'm very
happy to be done with school right there
man the sun is blinding I'm about to do
son sneeze you son sneeze it's a real
thing people when they're exposed to
bright lights the sneeze usually like
two to three times i wrote a whole paper
about it in college yep that's right hey
don't touch that booty yeah okay hand us
a booty bald guys like each other more
this time oh thank you guys are just the
cutest hello turtle
yeah well drew meanwhile later his like
are you doing so good look at that look
at that gap between the ground this is
the most he's ever done this wow it's
like overnight he got strong oh did you
use strong overnight oh look at this you
never he's finally figured out the form
he's figured out the tummy time form
just move chillin with dad on some
pillows he just wants to be like daddy
you did right he wants to be like daddy
wait mother tell us Benny on the Bears
yes Evan g0 go bears bed of Chicago
Bears good what hello losing o colors
and Gary oh I saw either you just made
it sound like those bears are winning Oh
bear down chicago bears you guys are
cute look at her chin young lady just
chillin on some pillows that's okay
heater he rolled over today so he
deserves to chill and then this happened
wow brandon marshall you beast you
somehow it's still a game they'll be 717
maybe the niners will score before half
even though there's barely any time left
I know my boy Trevor's watching this
trip from couple vloggers I have a lot
of friends that are 49ers fans actually
for some reason I feel like I know more
49ers fans than any other team yes yeah
the whole world that's true we just went
down memory lane a lot of college things
then I just watched like like our first
vlog ever and he was like my first Copic
yeah
he's big and huge and rolling over and I
am just so glad how he's rolling over GC
that his weight Gary dumb over huge head
case I'm looking back on the past one of
the first friends that we made on
YouTube was Trevor and Karen they
recently got married like was it a whole
two months ago OMG Jim once again three
months ago almost three months ago I'm
gonna post a link to their wedding yeah
plus link to their wedding you guys
should go check them out because they
gave us like a huge shout-out when we
barely had any subscribers I remember we
got like a hundred subscribers in the
day and I was like why is going on oh my
yeah we love different Karen yeah so
they've been vlogging for a year now a
year and a couple weeks go check them
out say what's up go hashtag go bears
yeah that's how you should do let's take
the beard is your 49ers fan go over
there even though the 49ers oh my
goodness about their subscribers are
winning with yo guys I need to support
cuz there's probably won't win tonight
but go over there be like same Wicca
hashtag go bears bear down whatever you
want go there right now and do it check
him out guys all right we'll get a fun
weekend we did this guy's learning new
tricks he's getting bigger it's really
very famous grows so fast right before
your eyes it's like a nut how fast they
grow if you wake up another huge yep he
was just a newborn yeah you guys will
see more the weekend tomorrow I know
you're like well the chronological it's
all over the place little above it baby
yeah we do oops see ya tomorrow purse I
just so fun
on you you everything that I see y'all
Joe hot love and emotion endlessly I can
get over you
