good evening so that's a very special
evening because we're reading a
goodnight bedtime story good night moon
hey good morning
love you guys when I showed you in these
jammies and I simply for them like they
are big don't think you're wrong you
haven't fit into like six three or six
month clothes yeah it like like his feet
are still floppy in there good morning
this kid was super nice to this morning
let me sleep in for an extra half an
hour
thank you which we do they buddy Friday
bye Nick that means the weekend starts -
day - okay good morning sunshine
I can only imagine how Sam feels he's
probably exhausted Oh
mornings are not our favorite morning -
your favorite he still hasn't figured
out his hands or his hands yet what's
with that coughing I think he gets dry
during the night and so every morning
kind of coughs a little bit but we
started putting our humidifier back on
we've kind of cleaned it last night
forgot to tell you guys his legs game
look at these are the cute little fox
ones and then you got these ones I thank
you I thought the chair would be more
spandexy like it's not really stretchy
the only part is the stretchy band
around the waist but I got him a little
bit bigger I'm three to six months so
that little to him for a while so I'm
gonna see if these ones have these in
his book today and you might have to
wear them yet but I thought they were
cute whoa stop freaking yourself out kid
I don't think Sam sold on them yet I
don't think he loves them but I do
they're a little big and I have to save
these ones until the fall they're just a
little long on him there's still really
you still a cute little guy okay you're
not wearing I'm say Betty I'll put the
other triangle was on just to show you
what they look like
this one's fit a little bit better
there's a little triangle one's a little
bit
we'll see you I think penis but if
they're interested in looking the shops
that I got these called
little bluebirds little Bluebird on that
seat
nigga DS lost spandex pants Shepherd
legs this kid trying to roll over he's
trying so hard cuz he does not want to
be on his tummy right now you can't lift
your head up but maybe you could roll
over look at him he's bent over one day
buddy you'll get it guys the weather is
cooling down it's really nice up it's
kind of just a little chilly it's
definitely definitely fall it is coming
our fall is here I don't know I don't
want Paul to be here quite yet I mean I
love fall but then it's like falls over
so fast it's snowing all of a sudden I
wish fall lasted longer than winter
lasted also guys okay so I finished the
Maze Runner last week depending on
everyone we might do the book club this
Sunday so if that's too soon and people
want a little bit more time then we'll
do it next Sunday and we'll just do a
little good at Hale and just talk about
look I'll keep you guys posted about
that and let you know so since I
finished the Maze Runner and realized
how amazing it is to listen to books
while running it like makes the time fly
so much faster for me than just
listening to music for some reason cuz
I'm just like in a whole different world
and I had remembered that my friend
giving me the Harry Potter books on
audio so I started listening to Harry
Potter again because they're like my
favorite series in the entire work so I
think we're just gonna stay out here and
listen to a little Harry Potter huh
oh the Sun is so bright I just want to
Yoshi's Japanese grill where the motto
there is have a rice day we had food
there at work one time and it was so
good it's like yeah it's Japanese food I
thought it was kind of like Korean food
so hopefully Jen likes it it can be
spicy sometimes it's a little sriracha
mayo we sometimes we got some good stuff
too rolls and some rice bowls so
hopefully she likes it I think she will
she said she's craving it so food cam
the food cam is back baby Raging Bull a
chicken Raging Bull beef roses club
something sweet I don't know and that
was uh something else there cool roll
Godzilla you can put a little shrimp on
it you said anything you're gonna like
it
I'm starving or something let's do this
let us pray yeah let me tell you how I
feel after eating that
Yoshi's Japanese grill well are slow how
is it delicious that was bomb food
that's that sushi had ceviche in the
roll with a lot of avocado and the
tempura was like seasoned to perfection
whoo I think I might have just found a
new favorite place this guy wasn't
digging all the spice you see Roger
though you didn't like how that tasted
yeah did you like the spicy beef no not
either no we didn't eat any guys I'm
just joking with him
do you want that one but you want that
one nope hey ma'am record that
hopefully you're not getting sick bubs
yeah I just turn into a little red right
now listen real tears this kid sheds
real tears sometimes there's like a real
tear though trickled down finally I've
started the real tears
good evening so that's a very special
evening because reading a good night
bedtime story good night moon by
Margaret wise Brown this is a classic
one that I love I probably won't share
the whole thing in the vlog but I am
going to read a little book so he's out
he's out let's pay attention in the
Great Green Room there was a telephone
and a red balloon and a picture of the
cow jumping over the moon and there were
three little bears sitting on chairs and
two little kittens in a pair of mittens
in a little toy house and that is the
first chapter I just have to show you
guys how cute that was no it's all
curled up with this animal but don't
worry I only have it in there with him
one who's like falling asleep help them
also could he likes being me or
something or someone probably my fault
because I couldn't buy with me morning
Kenny loves like curling into me but so
I usually put his dog in there when he's
like falling asleep so if someone's
there like so it feels like something's
are with him I always move it he doesn't
sleep right next to it and why usually
put at the end of the bed or not in bed
at all which I like because I was the
whole point of us getting it was I
wanted him to associate his animal with
buy time and find comfort in his animal
instead of having needing meat even
though I love snuggling with him and
that's gonna be really sad and I end up
putting him in his crib
something about driving to Logan that
just gets the H&M music playing I start
every time recording the Logan it's good
music comes on Jen's driving oh my
goodness joke every time that Jen drives
someone's like why why doesn't he drive
but I'm gonna try and edit this vlog
you're watching right now right here oh
wait here we go heaps of Utah y'all ever
been to the lagoon the lagoon checking
out the lagoon
it's a compared to Six Flags and stuff
like that
it's cool it's here right better than
nothing we're hoping for two things
today that the Aggies win this time
because the last time we drove out to
look and watch the game it was bad I'll
actually be able to game though for up
being four also that Noah doesn't poop
his pants and blow out because he's
barely poop today
now thea buddies over there any final
words sent home glasses your nose along
there you go all right guys let's get
the W until tomorrow yes grace did you
sometime
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
