very dramatic oh I think dramatic right
now is my voice
hey guys it um where I started with what
date is you guys know what day it is
it's Wednesday wait oh crap no it's what
yes oh wait what is it hahahahaha
Thursday ooh I can't I just forgot I was
like oh happy Wednesday it's Thursday
hello man you were so happy this morning
so he's like on a schedule now which is
amazing but he's usually down by like
nine or 930 like I sleep which is
awesome and last night you actually put
himself to sleep because he was so tired
I'm trying to like ease into the sleep
training thing he still feeds in the
night yeah some kind of eating into it I
kind of let him like I'll rock him for
but after i feed him and then i'll put
him in his in his bed and so we've had a
lot more morning to enjoy and I'm trying
to like figure out like things for him
to do we usually go in like a morning
walk now like but since I'm kind of
started doing my little art project last
night I kind of thought oh maybe I'll
have no do this first art pageant if I
have these little uh oh my gosh what are
they called it'll come to me anyways I
have wow I feel like I'm losing my mind
this morning I think I'm a little tired
still hey yo I ended out of love for
real though I love in this edit I am
working my states this is kind of how
the Utah one is turning out I like how
it's turning out I think I don't know
I'm kind of just going doing whatever
what do you guys think I don't know i am
going to have no I do a little project
today give us something to do I think
I'm just gonna put some paint on his
feet and let them kick this board canvas
oh my gosh that's the word I was looking
for canvas yeah yeah you could
definitely do it
yeah you can definitely do it look at
this is an action cam I know right now /
app / like and then maybe later with
this one will do his hands or something
we're gonna do that and I'm gonna set
the camera and just film how it goes
let's see how this goes and why not go
very well here goes nothing okay gonna
work I'm kind of hoping you would just
check it not really working how I brand
that's okay color don't you wish I could
record more during the day I didn't have
to go to work all day me too but
watching Jen do the arts and crafts
that's pretty cute right okay here's the
green I don't know if I accident I think
I might have turned the camera off look
a little yellow and I think we'll be
good hey we're doing like a yellow green
color now ok now let's first art piece I
kind of like it it's a little messy and
crazy look at Noah look you made this
well ping that one in his room guys I
just had a crazy day job ooh I cetacean
up with the weirdest thing you guys it
really is so weird okay I need a warm up
your feet okay guys here's our project
I'm just gonna I'm just going in with a
little bit of the color and darkening up
some areas to add some value cuz that's
just the art person in me so I hope you
like it will be fun to show you when
you're older on September 11th the day
to remember we
the art first art project it's crazy
it's been so long you guys I was in
fifth grade it was the craziest day I
remember waking up for school turning on
the TV for cartoons but every channel
was the news and then we went to school
we still had school that day and
everyone was talking about it and that
whole day in class or maybe like half of
the day we just watched the news in
fifth grade and it was scary and crazy
and yeah I still remember just watching
the news in class and that morning it
was weird day okay guys here's this
finished product I put his little name
and age and date I just wanted in just
darkened up just a little bit of just a
few little areas q I like it good job
buddy he's tired now who's the final you
tall one I might end up redoing another
one just cuz I don't like the splatters
and I don't know if I want to like cut
it out or anything what do you guys
think I know I like read all your
comments most of your comments and all
of you said primary colors different
values everyone kind of suggested lots
of stuff I know so I kind of went with
this like a few different shades that
kind of all went together so the next
one for California I'm gonna do blues
for Illinois I'm gonna do greens I think
I've just laid the initial like lighter
shades down I'm liking it so far there's
to Utah one I'm California one it's not
done yet though how's that for dramatic
lighting today to do something really
dramatic
very dramatic though I think dramatic
right now is my voice you just seem away
that's usually seen the lighting like oh
let me see I got ya yes hello my name is
Walter White and I gosh even he's
looking at me like I'm crazy I'm not
crazy I promise I promise I promise you
I'm not crazy uh something that's been
talked about a lot lately on the radio
is that these days there's football on
American football I understand there's
two different things on Monday Thursday
Friday Saturday and Sunday which leaves
just Tuesday and Wednesday do not have
football which means it leaves you just
two days to play madden on your xbox how
do you feel about that as I wife and
maybe not the biggest football fan yeah
you know are you watching it every every
one of those days I don't realize it so
far my plan is work she does not realize
that I've watched football every scene
well it's probably cuz I this kid look
after him I'm peep into the football
well no he's watching the football you
watching the football yeah let's see
let's see your best grip show us your
best put act like the binky is a
football cradle in your arm and run for
a touchdown come on I don't want to run
for a touchdown ran for a touchdown to
tackle football for him too dangerous
what do you think about that you can
play football no no football okay you
want to play football another day
another battle but for today this battle
is been warned she doesn't realize I'm
watching football right now you guys I
tried the infamous ma'am thank you
what's a ma'am oh those ones that are in
the box he's growing into him maybe no
he does not like the man no ma'am no I
think I started too late that's okay
these are fine I'm in a different closet
this time this is our closet and in 27
days baby
he's coming back basketballs coming back
to can't wait it'sa me Mario hanging out
with a krabby patty today guys babies
aren't happy all the time this dude
what's up man account I heard he is he
is so tired and he's been sleeping a lot
did you tired it's time for bed it's
time to wrap up this vlog it's time to
go to sleep for this guy me if I can't
wait for the weekend to begin begin my
guys I can't wait for the weekend to be
here we're gonna do another challenge
video it's gonna be fun we're gonna do
one that you guys probably suggested
it's gonna be really good time have a
wonderful friday have a wonderful
weekend we will see you guys tomorrow
love ya bers can't help and no i go to
sleep money well bob c is fun
on you you everything that I see our
Johar love emotion endlessly I can't get
over you
