Oh see where do they put there you are
Munna girls should we start every log in
the fridge from here on out bring it on
today
you
Britt how do you feel happy you're about
to graduate your grad
I missed her name
I had the camera right
this kids out that's how he feels about
graduation
you did it you did it Britt no real
coordinate
word to describe might go after
graduating college here to view in the
real world I'm gonna take care of you
one day I'm so fancy you already in my
black stroller ramsar like to provo
that's the chauffeur this baby so fancy
it doesn't even need to walk it just
sleeps well Jen kieres to his every move
I am a slave yes you are we're lucky
little boy hey bud look at you know
cuter and cuter we're trying to keep him
awake for as long as possible like fall
out here it is fall it feels like it
keep them awake for as long as possible
well so keep going to bed at a good time
just watch me shoot right now again it
says he's not too happy about this but
these are three to six-month jammies and
they fit pretty well on the little man I
mean they're a slimmer three to
six-month jam but they're little bit ago
three to six-month Jamie's bed seven is
one little pouch we're going to bed
three-month jammies but these are three
to six nieces good love you good time
for you mr. was like no cry Singh please
put me to bed okay guys it's kind of
dark but this is how it's turning out so
far oh no the lights cheating all weird
it's brighter I'll have to show you
again tomorrow when it's done I started
to Utah one I just decided can I go like
this come just happened we'll see how it
turns out update number two it's coming
along I don't know I feel about it I
kind of did some spiders super liked it
but don't were like a spotter so I'll
probably Sam 5 fifa right now it's
austin they're having a bromance moment
tonight date night date night for the
boys stop talking about me anyways sir
let's gain there I might end up cutting
it out and putting on a jiff train paper
just cuz I don't like like the dark
outline I don't like the splatters I
don't know what my students have a
tester and redo it we'll see how I like
tomorrow my buddy says he's trying to
get in my head for fantasy football this
week so he named his team the shaytards
just for this week and put his picture
of che I don't know sometimes I come
back to this drawer has like a bunch of
my old stuff and I just look at things
like my sister she gave me this photo
album when I came over for my mission
the first album the first picture in it
look that I'm wearing this big German
jumpsuit skating
roller skating with an American flag it
kind of makes me feel old is it reminds
me like holy cow actually done some
things in my life already I still
haven't talked a lot about this um like
on the vlogs i mean i've mentioned
anything's got my short hair there
hanging out with my peeps man so much
fun I've never been a good journal
keeper which is pretty funny because I'm
literally keeping a daily journal right
now with video I mean you can't get more
in depth than that except I don't share
everything with you guys but I should
talk more about my mission it'd be I
always say that I really should I
wouldn't say I've like hoarders traits
but there's something that I do hold on
to like I always keep all this stuff
whenever I go to a concert or to a
sporting event or anything like that i
always end up keeping the ticket this
would focus that was USC vs utah state
when we went last year look at that
September 21st um is there anything that
you guys hoard like tickets or anything
like that by the way these are my
glasses from seventh grade or no
sophomore year of high school not only
warm for my chemistry class what were
the two first CDs audio CDs that you've
ever bought for me right here space jam
and hansen just look at everybody space
jam and a handsome classic bob i believe
i can fly classic what's the first CD
ever but audio CD i don't really push
nut but with the first gosh don't have
your head since terrible done um the
first thing i ever seed with any yet for
my mom do you ever buy a CD oh it's for
the Spice Girls or something i don't
think i remember maybe witched you which
might have been the one we bought a sale
of e SE will say well say you do it is
so you'll stop singing cuz your voice
sounds like yo this is all you need to
know about me and austin playing fifa
writer like this hello hello Swede hello
screech
I mean do I need to show anymore Lucas
all right yada yada yada flick it up
header okay 40 yes and I hope you're
watching right now I'm showing all the
games i beat you I mean let's see if we
can focus on this flip it up all right I
don't get it there but boom baby fifa 15
comes out in like two weeks I want to
get it really bad gotta get it if Jen
lets me I'm gonna get it and I want to
start posting like videos on a gaming
channel because I think Austin's gonna
get it maybe some other people start
recording some games leagues matches I
know some of you guys don't even care
about that but I'm gonna start up
probably another channel to upload that
onto because I used twitch I stream and
things like that but I thought it'd be
fun to do commentary video this and that
with some games why not right are you
even tall enough to fit in the frame hmm
yea tall people problems so confused
about people saying I'm tall what do you
consider to be tall as translate Jen
when you consider to be old what's what
do you consider to be tall I feel like
if you're not taller as tall as six feet
you're short if your guy I'm feeling
weird elaborate tights people who
distort that's what we say to make
ourselves feel better about ourselves
and sip apparently were giants look at
my head is twice the size is your head
okay I hear disgusted we didn't go in
your orange how you gonna do some more
hair tomorrow yeah don't see how it
turns out I just I'm not how do you feel
getting back in the art though I feel
good if it's fun that's it back yeah how
do you feel speaking English feeling
good yeah yeah how you feel about
putting know in that dress guys everyone
else of this dress my sis really when
Noah was before when I got pregnant my
sister gave me two outfits a boy I've
had nagar outfit before we know he was a
boy and this was the girl up and i just
can't get rid of it because i want to
keep it forever girl so I think our next
baby will be a girl though do you I
think so too yeah what do you think no
we such a good big brother this is a
long time so now guys I thought you're
gonna be a big sibling it for at least a
year so good that no Jenna just
challenged me to rock paper scissors I'm
looking for the best angle in here to
record this
nervous oh my gosh it's got through
better one better through your SSI thing
oh sorry ready first let's go let's go
let's go let's go we got me I who you
got guys we gather yeah you want to do
challenges I want to do the egg
challenge and other things I don't feel
like people recommended enough
challenges yet oh I hurt by the Teutons
ok Carrie all right Rock Paper Scissors
shoot rap to resist soup soccer shoes no
let's go let's go let's go right answer
 doctor said shoot we'll see you
tomorrow I'm the winner I never lose
sleep he don't matter cuz i win I
rock-paper-scissors like I'm and George
Mathis who's that I don't know I'm on TV
just kidding this is a road though
alright peace see tomorrow
