hey babe have you seen the intro
I don't know how I feel about waking up
before the Sun messes up my circadian
rhythm I'm sorry son and I like waking
up before you he's about ready to eat
though so figure that out with my cousin
in my hand they have so many random
things these days
anybody want a Furby shirt urbeats
don't sure anyone this is what shopping
today she's a crazy
you guys I tried these sneakers on I
think they're really cute randomly Sam
are these ugly and I know I need his
opinion Beth oh they're fun and they're
like super thick and more for winter Oh
have you guys seen footage of that full
court shot I hit yet check it
dude perfect the full game is on
andrew's page so I'll post a link in the
description of the full basketball game
that went down in the shop cool a
and we all improvise on this day
buying something today
I actually bought something you were a
good boy handsome young yeah whole bag
of sauce that's what I'm talking about
watching the WNBA Finals baby yeah
Chicago's sky did it oh dang it
yeah oh dang it alright go sky you crazy
boogie you crazy
look you grab your blanket you discover
in your hands do crazy
that I ain't crazy I'm a gangsta baby
thanks the babies don't smile mom I'm so
handsome with my hair slicked back Liam
eat the give me with my hair slicked
back so handsome the man I'm going for
the day we're gonna happen is it gonna
be tonight
mama I do like me the bathtub but
sometimes you just don't get me one fast
enough mom come on mom I mean look at me
I'm sitting here with my shirt off
baring it all to the whole world already
okay just get this lotion on I'm ready
to get this mmm any okay dad's not here
mom
it's me and you hello ladies and
gentlemen Jen just made this beanie for
me I just finished it the first time I
was put on it looks like it's you pay
and today I'm gonna give you a little
bit of spoken-word what are my words
that I need to use let's hear them
where are these words unrefined mind
vines and fine I'll be honest actually
today I watched like an hour of people
freestyling on sway in the morning you
guys ever seen that hmm play in the
morning you familiar with that big see
ya Lupe Fiasco don't look it up guys I
have yet to paint these I just can't
decide what colors to do help me help me
I want them to all go but I want them to
all be different
I don't know if I want them all
different like all different colors or
just like similar or just one color but
four shades of that color what should I
do
what is this the beanie dance and do the
beanie why older how old is old is the
real question what do you define as old
like what is older hey that's a key
truth though you actually already today
guys that's sure which he already
actually owned yes I got a stranger that
holes I've never bought a shirt that you
liked but yeah I got a hole or something
happened to it so you bought the same
shirt again I've never done that by and
did it that's what Chinese yeah they
have a stretchy waistband even though
they're not Maternity these are pretty
sure they're not that unlike drinks
judgey bent
I am I chose your pants yeah just keep
making a bitch like this everybody's
talking about to tap pants you got your
type pants
you got your type pants on okay look at
the beading Jen man look at that look at
that craftsmanship
Arceus I've been done for a while I just
finally cut the strings really it's
enough for one don't you think she
should make one to give to one of you
guys what color if you want to beanie
John's gonna start a beanie business
right now just selling them for a
quarter oh you went to a lucky lady
yeah you're gonna make another one okay
you know what I like one girl and one
boy one one girl one tomorrow one lonely
one will give up so Janice what she
should paint the states now what color
should the boy beanie be you should be
like this is what dark blue okay and
what color should the girl would be cuz
I mean what color would it be actually
purple color for the girl actually I
guess you can't say what color cuz I
have to look at my house - but tell you
what you think anyways cuz she does have
your own stash and then where's your
intention
oh my goodness what is going on in here
look at this Jen's wedding Jess we
reenact your wedding and Jen still never
shows us her thing where we set up the
camera and do fast motion of us
decorating our house yeah we really do
need to decorate eventually we need to
decorate them this I keep thinking about
that every single day
these are you yeah I do well states
let's start angling stuff up a lot of
people that's how we have married yada
yada ya know proposal engagement this
and is what we have a question and
answer video oh no it's all has anything
gonna say no say we should go back to
the place where I proposed and bring
over there really yeah just walk around
and be like yo this is where okay
this is where I proposed his you really
know what's going on because you
understand everything that I'm saying to
you Noah
right for years guys come on for years
this eight this December people for
years yeah married to guys we're gonna
spend like two weeks in Chicago and it's
gonna be awesome there's me so many
people that we're gonna have HIV was a
family member see so we have a Motorhome
because there's not enough room for
everyone
we might signal around I think in the
kids are yeah babies kids for a week for
Thanksgiving at my house that should be
a pod a we also go like our favorite
scent what is this apple cinnamon this
is the cent I had in in my room and we
were dating and that's a make you fall
in love is everything my clothes
everything smelled like apples cinnamon
and I was like I got that because I
smelled our jackets and they smell like
I've also known from our other place
still really still of yeah so can you
smell it
do you smell or is that the dirty
diapers on you to take out so that's
gonna be a lot for the day let me know
about colors the pictures and other all
other questions we asked yes here Samuel
dancing his goodbye good
good see you smile of you peace
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
