people these days say that makeup isn't
makeup is easy difficult my breath reeks
of garlic parmesan I am Sebastian yeah
good morning guys it's Monday all of our
family is gone it's really sad it was a
really fun weekend I'm so glad that so
many of my siblings could be here and
that Sam's parents could be here my
great to be here it was a really fun
weekend to spend time together and
celebrating know what and we are about
to go grocery shopping I'm gonna see if
I can do it by myself this is the first
time going out with just know by myself
like to the grocery store like we've
been to the doctor together and stuff
like that but wish me luck I'm all
nervous I hope he lasts it should be
fine I'm gonna try to be really quick
hope it goes well I hope you guys are
having fun Monday I think so I just got
back from grocery shopping and I feel
really bad I was totally gonna film a
fun little montage for Sam to edit and
put together where I was there a little
dancing well this and all that and I
totally forgot no it was like fussy like
starting a festive event when we got
there so I think I just like totally
forgot to film and just was trying to
keep him happy while I got the groceries
and it was a success I had up like get
two carts at the end to have someone
help me push all the groceries out to
the car it's a little funny but very
nice guys this kid can lift his head up
so much higher than last week he was
just pushing up all the way like almost
all the way up you just did so good Jill
McCann Bobby show um showing what you
can do yeah you be shy you tired - oui
chef good job push up oh look at that
guys look at that oh so good so good
Jen really wanted me to fill my hair
today so here it is
yeah I don't know it looks like a
headdress maybe like a peacock or like
I'm wearing a visor that's up like this
I need Rashad Jennings to get a
touchdown here I'm down ten points one
of my league's got him and Larry Fitz
left oh come on no oh there we go
fantasy football we'll do crazy things
to you come on come on come on no no no
no give the Jennings touchdown let's go
there we oh my goodness
fourth down give it to rush odd give it
the Rashad and block oh man come on
too easy I wouldn't Rashaad
I got jalapeno breath or else I'd kiss
you oh he loves his dad you sound like
the aliens from signs we nugget you
doing getting stronger okay let me help
you roll over your mom told me today
that you weren't much of a crawler Sam
you like to just pull yourself up and
walk from place to place on like one
like you dick stamp and like hold on I
will go ton film one of these days guys
it's the cutest thing ever
Oh
hello bonsoir
good evening as a personable day
welcome to make up with Sam people these
days say that makeup isn't makeup is
easy difficult I think I am let's go
baby
any of it
beautiful already
yay let's get this this is a brand
let's use the Naked palette now well got
make your face it's the broom i blended
rest
nades three words
that big
Wow gently gently well I think it
okay and there because I've got a
patient
yeah when I started I need somewhere
else
smokey eye babe that is not okay you're
gonna try him this is not trying just
give me black eye
no it's the I got beat up I smoked yeah
like I got beat up
dress what are you doing in the stick up
that's what I curlers for there we go
beautiful masterpiece a little low for a
little low because that's girl oh yes I
kiss every masterpiece I click is there
my super neat them it's a masterpiece
yeah it gives me a lot to make up for
this look at this guy's makeup tastes
gross this is what I call the just let
for one hour mom look yes tired woman
madam this is my beautiful just had one
hour of breastfeeding session up all
night look featuring the smoky gunmetal
eye the sexy mother pucker lips the
beauty mark and the beautiful eyebrows
blush the whole nine yards
I think I did a good job I think you're
ready to hit the town bonita beautiful
day yeah
that's scale of one to ten how to do
this is just beginning honestly try to
run yeah what are you think I got the
whole lower part I got the whole upper
part I don't know what I missed any
makeup all right scores are in eight out
of ten that means we have improvement to
you or to ten I'm gonna go watch some
beauty blogs some beauty videos come
back and it would be a masterpiece I
think that I think that it in that right
yeah what did you get it under seven
tons of a thank you thank you thank you
hey next time we're not only the bottom
happy Jah news guys next time we won't
do it in a very noisy room that noise is
so annoying what challenge do we do next
I think we should do the eggs were you
hard boil some eggs and then you don't
hard boil some eggs and then you go like
this I don't like raw egg let's do it
let's go enjoy today no sweat
challengers to do next will do people
are saying we should do Samko Olympics
again yeah well this is practically say
Michael Olympics
I need my Redemption yeah we'll see you
guys tomorrow we gotta go love you
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
