nudee double we do it this one
tipping smile chug-chug-chug home from
the blessings beautiful day I think the
maids are often please I know seriously
the picture of you and all your siblings
he was like blessed blessing day oh you
just woke up hey bet you having a good
day today's your big day everyone came
to see you you were such a good little
baby sound good day
I do myself hello no it's good to be
here
hi sanika we're here in some place Sam's
apartment we're gonna start a new
project it's going to be a good day in
the life which is like Jamaicans brother
Andrew APU as a vlog does some hypnotism
stuff so here's a little Gooden to that
David wants to get hypnotized so we're
gonna hit the Tesla set out yeah that's
it I don't want you to fake anything
oh no if it's not worry I'll tell you
it's not yeah but I know you're open for
it so that that's better for you again
hypnotism is just automatically
responding twenty years that's it
people are automatically responding to
suggestions and ideas so for example I
say this like if you uh if a doorbell
rings at your friend's house and you go
to get it you know oh wait this isn't my
house
how about starts yeah essentially you're
automatically responding so basically
when I put someone under Tripoli they
are not responding to truth that I give
them some never just be quiet for an out
while I put David under and then in a
second I want you to imagine there's a
rope tying around your fingers and your
fingers just begin to shut by themselves
some are you try to fight keep fighting
Jenna keep fighting it I just I kept
shouting just gonna keep shedding just
like that good all right and the harder
you tried to unstick this bolt the heart
of the bolt sticks your hand to your
forehead can you have this hand it off
no stay focused on it can you move your
hand it off no we explain you what why
can't you move your hand you don't know
how things get this dinner coming none
up for me good you can send up you're
going to see it's just all right now
your feet are just stuck there okay if
you try to walk forward you won't be
going forward
Styx's like that okay now Santa take us
apart you can you don't know how to
speak English or any other language for
that matter no matter how hard you try
to remember the English language just
like your name it's gone from your head
just like that gone completely gone and
you have to tell the secret so you'll do
anything you can to tell the secret
you'll remain safe and remain in the
confines of this room but no matter how
hard you try to remember the language
it's gone but you have to tell the
secret Bunch is right away what's the
secret what's the secret what's his
secret hurry hurry it all relies on you
what's the secret come on come on it's a
it's crucial this secret is crucial what
is the secret nothing whatever it was
but you'll remember your name you'll
it'll be the feminine version of the
name you currently own and that'll be
your name and that's the secret you have
now what is the secret you can say it
Davina what's Davina mean who are you
you're de vino' are you are you daring
to tell me that you're actually a woman
no no then why would you have that
feminine name Davina you know just leave
this tweak-d wonderful okay so you
weren't you were under you were very
very under okay when he started to panic
it's fun it does their arms don't need
to go up he just needs to focus and so
you you would like make this face I know
and that's how I knew he was out so he I
don't think he would be faking it that
way so you were under a good totally God
holy dude so yeah I mean if you don't
have a recollection of what happened you
know like I was totally I was totally
awake I can see
but anything you were saying mm-hmm but
it was it was too the fact we're like I
don't I don't even know how to explain
it like when you're it's like it's like
it's like it's like you know what's
going on but you know that you have to
listen to what's going on right like
Andrews one of the main reasons we
started vlogging so you guys got to
check out his channel because he got the
first vlogging camera for us and that's
where it all started
there's Sam pushing the stroller hey Sam
oh oh wait JK hey let's see this guy
awake
oh that's down either way is he oh my
goodness it might be a worm in this yeah
my dad has got no problem just eating it
let's see first bite no no we're nowhere
I'm second bite let's go for a second
bite second bite worm or no worm chew
through there's gonna be a worm in there
it's gonna run right there let's see
right in here this is where I came in
there you think it's in this bite no
honey it's in a bite but it's gonna be
in there look at see the hole yeah come
on out worm it's like playing Jenga with
apples I'm trying to squeeze him out see
worm or nowhere no worm so why you left
no but it's gonna be in there he left
she's like I don't like this Apple
anymore all right bite number is this 4
it's a big bite worm no we're no worm
I'm feeling it's gonna be there soon
though yeah dude that's where it's all
crawling it's all it's gotta be in there
no no no this should be a game that like
I take a bite then he takes a bite yeah
I think about that he takes and then
it's worming over took a game on Jimmy
Fallon one more bite no worm there's no
worm came out here check on mine mine
went right into there and they stopped
there so no worms
I don't think there's anything alive in
there anymore do you know well hello
there
first off beautiful tie you wore this
thank you at my wedding
yeah sure did any any final thoughts on
the weekend this is a great honor and
privilege blessing
good start for Noah's life great time to
be together
give him a paper a perfect his dad did a
wonderful job that's awesome
Thank You mr. white you're welcome
say uh your gosh dang right you're right
how was this weekend awesome two best
pretty soon he'll be 18 and out of your
house
pretty soon he'll be taller than me by
the way of the consensus is that I've
grown I believe in second few both two
inches Lada diga what one word to
describe this weekend
you're doing those hairs it blocks the
mother that it doesn't it does that I'm
fighting it all my might Sunday night at
the Anderson's what's up YouTube fan -
when I am Sunday night I got working 6
hours and then this fog before I go to
bed - got a lot to do I was just
reflecting on the weekend it was a
really good weekend it was good to have
family out here it's good to be together
for one you know great cause and that
was to be here for a little Noah he was
blessed in church and when you're
blessed in church I don't know it's kind
of cool I got to bust him for one and
it's cool because you can have people
like in the circle with you so it's
almost like a group blessing in a way
and it was really special it's a special
thing that I get to do as a dad I would
just felt honored that I was able to do
that for my son
and give him a blessing so we did that
today it was a lot of fun we didn't get
a lot of footage of it this morning I
wanted to get footage of him and his
outfit because he was wearing clothes
just like I wore when I was four months
old not when I was blessed when I was
four months old and he was so cute in it
they were kind of big the pants on him
but he looked really cute in it my mom
kept saying things to me like hey can
you believe this is your kid this is
your son your dad I don't know I hasn't
really
on them yet it has like I know I'm a dad
I know I have a son but I've always been
like the youngest of my family I've
always been that young kid myself and
it's like I just haven't been able to
imagine it happening to me all the
things I've seen my siblings and cousins
and people like that go through and now
I'm doing it
it's a crazy reality that's hitting me
it's kind of nuts it's cool though I
guess that's what growing up is I don't
feel older I'm getting older I don't
look older but I have assigned he's
really cool I can tell you one thing I
don't think there was one comment left
on a video this weekend that wasn't
unread because I swear every single
family member parents siblings were
reading him and laughing at some of the
things you guys had to say so that was
fun this was such a good week of such a
good weekend and life's just gonna get
better life is just gonna get better
we're gonna have more kids we'll see
when the next one is do you have any
guesses
it could be nine months from right now
anyways guys thanks for watching we love
you guys and we'll see you tomorrow
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over
