sup peeps you see that blue light on my
face up paint see that blue light on my
face it's cuz I'm watching YouTube right
now I got : and Katie I got yo aunty
over here hold on let me get a little
bit this going thank you so much mr. 305
the streamys and look at this guy look
at this guy on the screen I know we get
that look though look at dad look though
what's up with dad look though Oh who's
this shaycarl
honored with entrepreneur icon award
yeah it's a 11 p.m. at night right now
and I don't even know what our vlog
schedule is like right now I don't know
if I'm supposed to post one today I've
been all over the place so I want to get
back to posting at a better time every
single day I've just been behind so I'm
posting this video right now I'm gonna
post it online share it with you guys
and then tomorrow I'm gonna have a vlog
to go early afternoon for all you
Americans we're gonna get back on a
better schedule hopefully it's gonna
happen it's gonna happen let's see how
long we can be this is we did it and I
said good when I was working from 4:00
to midnight it worked well and now we're
back to the bad schedule where I'm up
I'm up late uploading it like midnight
let's get back to posting early so I'm
not it the night before got on a
healthier schedule so I can spend more
time with this girl and with that guy
that's asleep back there yep today was
Noah's blessing our family just left so
it's back to this us again until we meet
up again the holidays yeah maybe not
Thanksgiving will be with family for at
least a week Christmas were probably run
to my house for like two weeks yeah
Florida and February hopefully hopefully
hopefully Oh Natalie
that was very yeah it was a good day
guys it was really nice to be with
family that's kind of why we didn't post
a vlog today cuz we were enjoying each
other's company but someone right now is
like a bondage from the other fridge
from today yeah that's gonna be I'm
gonna edit that right now and post it
for tomorrow
here's what you're supposed to do
spending time with each other and
family's in Sedona
we're not with them all the time I'll be
honest I felt I felt motivated and Oh
once again thank you we appreciate it
one time for three o'clock daddy
no watching the streamys I was like you
know I don't even need to win a Streamy
but Shay said something that connected
with me and that's watching other
YouTube videos makes me want to make
better keep making video Tube videos and
today I hadn't posted one yet and I'm
watching the stream as I'm like what am
I doing with my life
gotta get all night YouTube grab opposed
to baby yeah not just the post one but
because I've just been slacking lately
but really nice though they use the
intro music in the streamys these are
yeah
she missed it this guy's really the best
guys know this girl is really the best
guys know you really worked really hard
like he has a full full full time job I
don't need to talk about me anyways
congratulations to you Shay you deserve
it
not another dream years seriously that
was amazing Tyler Oakley
you don't even watch your channel you'll
never see this video but congratulations
to you too because when we met you you
were super nice and you also looked at
no and you're like I like babies I want
babies I'm feeling inspired Jen's not
feeling inspired I'm sorry right are you
feeling yeah yeah better watch states
tomorrow and I'll film it and then
became can do look up very fast forward
motioning yep
I'm feeling inspired to make better
videos better vlogs I don't need to ever
win a Streamy but watching other people
and their success it motivates me to
want to you know do better things too so
yeah let's do it together and right away
by the way we have the best YouTube
favorite right side no shirts working on
them we got three of the designs back
they weren't our favorite there was one
I really liked but I didn't think you
guys would like it that much
so I sent them back some critiques and I
also sent them back another idea so
hopefully this week I think for sure
they'll probably send this hopefully
what is the last final shirt design yeah
I'm worried that we're kind of being
picky but yeah
yeah we don't want to sell we want you
guys to really love what you're getting
and we want to love it yeah we gotta get
back to our YouTube watching look at all
this look at all these screens going on
we actually need to sell this laptop all
I gotta say is that you guys inspire us
our fellow friends that make videos
inspire us gen inspires me the inner
what else inspires me let's come
let's wake them up come on let's do a
lowly accident my biggest inspiration
here
thanks for always being great guys
I'm gonna go edit tomorrow's video right
now so now I can post it early we're
getting back on track let's do it
love you guys see you tomorrow peace
you're everything that I see y'all Joe
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you
