everybody tired today
no don't find my bike the morning
Monica's heading over and we're gonna go
to Target and get a few more things yeah
I don't know if she's bring it right now
our friend is bringing his soccer jersey
to Monica's house to bring to us but
notice for soccer game with Saturday
which is really good we're really
excited to watch him play gonna be so
fun are you excited
no that sorta way or I take it
monka monka is here are you marrying
smoothies and looking beautiful as ever
oh my goodness eat a mouse look at her
Oh
cat-boy
she's doing costumes for you oh cool you
look pretty cool dude customs are so I
think you're not the exact right size
customs are either too small or too big
well welcome so you guys are amazing
because sometimes we'll close the photo
home there'll be something like peanuts
in it planters and we should wasn't
planned I know we posted our photos like
gosh this looks like a brand dealer
something when we're on our road trip
and then people tagged planters and
we're like look at this family eating
planters and then what happens after
that is they find our email address an
email and sent us a package so I want
FTC regulations make me say that I got
this for free from them they sent this
yeah
okay let's just see what's in it because
uh they're smart you know they send it
to you cuz they'd be good ma'am they
want you to open it up Sam love him and
know what PG all three of them really
love nuts I'm a sucker for for free
stuff I could just be like ah I'm not
gonna open it up on camera but you know
what you guys are awesome
they're pretty awesome when I heard that
planters nut and chocolate rum mix was a
passenger on your family road trip I
knew what I had to do to ensure that you
have the fuel needed to get your family
to and fro in San Diego a supply of my
favorite hunter snacks
oh what's that one salted caramel - whoa
- ooh oh my favorite my favorite scooter
makes nuts mixed nuts and this is spicy
yeah chili lime oh you'd like those and
your classic the dryer I wrote the kid
awesome thank you thank you peanut most
importantly thank the people that we do
you guys on Twitter I thought you guys
might be interested in a little toss a
haul of some home to Cola that I bought
with Monica today and the children first
and IKEA oh my guess I hope yeah okay so
here are all the frames for from Ikea
I'm not I'm gonna hold them up in
Spanish there they are they're gonna go
on this wall we're gonna do a big
picture collage like we didn't walk
through the door but that would be cute
and then I've got some little you know
flower thing used to go on some with the
big shelves oh the big shelves we have
these two big shelves wall shows they're
gonna go right here
boop boop with luck little knickknacks
and then I have this cute picture and
these little cactus pictures not sure if
we're gonna keep them or not but working
on to try to put next to the TV and then
we all need just one thing above the TV
I think I got this really pretty
lamp if you can see it I really like
that lamp we need some more light in
here
and I'm not sure if I'm gonna put that
here or over there or even maybe back no
prob ly not back there I don't know
somewhere in this vicinity there's
Monica
and then I got this big near little bit
of gold
okay so here's my predicament I don't
want just white ones I got picture
frames so we got silver picture frames
to go with them just like two or three
silver we don't get that many for the
picture wall but then when you come into
this main living space the accent is
gold so is that weird I don't think it's
that weird but anyway that's how it is
right have gold and silver or we'll just
scrape it the silver I don't think this
will look that bad there's only like
three silver ones anyway although I
really like like the copper is really in
right now but target we didn't have any
copper is mostly like gold this probably
will not stay here I don't know where
this is gonna go we might get just like
a what if this thing's mom buffet table
type thing to put other stuff on I don't
really want this table to stay here but
I don't know where we'd put it maybe
we'll just sell it and then we got um
knickknack paddywhacks I got this cute
thing from Target I thought this was
really cute got this little one from
Target so it almost got an end table to
go right here that was really cute I'm
still thinking about what we're gonna go
to home goods first to check out home
goods compare our options and then maybe
go back and get the other one okay this
is my favorite thing yeah that my
favorite thing I bought from Ikea is
this giant glass vase I'm gonna put a
bunch of fake flowers in to put on the
table or somewhere I don't really know I
was gonna put it on an end table but
it's way too big and what you have eaten
way too made of glass and now the hard
part is actually putting the stuff up
Telus Jen tell the people
behind-the-scenes what target doesn't
want you to see it's easier than IKEA
furniture though the Lighting's good in
here right now looks real good
scary person Dan the Builder can she
build it seriously if this YouTube thing
goes on kick out then you just don't
work right kids are building stuff oh
boy oh boy we've got some stuff in yeah
lots of succulents
everyone likes succulents right now but
so do I whatever we're doing stuff
everybody we doing it we're really doing
it
yeah you're so weird my lamp is done
looks really cute what's the banner
today
we should get some more like moments
late l update I have something on my
well although in the camera it looks
like a really small on the wall but in
Persian it looks fine it looks really
funny well it looks like kind of small
with how big the wall is i always put
like a picture next to it you know a
picture over here I've got my
knickknacks they're just gonna fill the
picture frames and get like a few more
like little things like we need one more
thing up here and then a little play Oh
plant right here I don't know if it's
gonna stay there I don't know and you
got these two pictures up go away okay
and yeah this is the shelf that it's
gonna go I would have like gotten so mad
at you and sent you straight home
although I wish could we stain that
piece of wood yeah it doesn't match this
piece of wood this is the bookshelf I'm
gonna buy it's really pretty
and I really like it that's gonna going
boom right over there and then I'm gonna
put like a wicker basket maybe in one of
them or next to it for all our dang
shoes that are stuck over there the
floor and then do just like this but
there's little knickknacks in a little
lamp no I do not want the cows face on
the wall that is just creepy
Sampson we literally only had the lamp
over in the corner and then a little
leaf thing seems like Jr what it feels
great in here and we had it pretty many
of the wolf's it was very easy to please
whatever you want I must say though that
the lamp really isn't my favorite things
I really love this lamp we bought from
Target I love lamp I don't know where to
put my white bookshelf I think there's
no wall down here to put it you can't
put it in the office there's no know
every corner is covered with desks I
think it could go it could go over it
back here but it'll be weird of a
bookshelf there and then a bookshelf
over there limit well this is true
that's true
look we're sticking out on this wall
back here right where there's no wall in
here that the bookshop you don't have to
use it you could sell it - well when we
move on my books you have any books yeah
that's okay that's not even that's not
even the books like you look at my
candle you read on my Kindle I know but
the books I do have and like I have I've
read on my Kindle there are like 90
books I've read in the past year or two
oh yeah maybe I think I have died
doughnut we've got some doughnuts
tonight um yeah I have heard a lot of
books I just read the Red Queen some
people always that people are always
wondering what books I'm reading I just
finished the first book of the Red Queen
series and that was really good I'm
about to buy the second one but it's $11
i was like i buy $8 books or cheaper
yeah so that one's good and the new
glass throne that's cool like that
last the rhone book where I say just
came out but I I'm yeah I haven't gotten
that one either cuz I just I'm like I'm
gonna read the same policies because I'm
at all four or five it's like in a row
and so it's all like mushed together and
I kind of want to read all
five of them over Oh fun fact though I'm
gonna do a little painting paint sesh
tomorrow when we're at Hobby Lobby
though I gotta get bigger paper
oh no coming a Seahawks poster in my
house no no we are bears fans even
though they're not the best all right
Cubs are doing great though Cubs just
won their division which is great okay
update time we have a mirror on the wall
we have on me
although it again looks really dinky on
the wall
should we have gotten that wood one okay
guys we've had this whole decorating
thing things bless you Monica for
helping me she said you know I like
really bad at decorating I went to art
school and bad because I think of all
but I think of all the possibilities and
all of the different options in my head
and they're just like flying through you
know like oh this was a good day or this
or this or this
and then I can't like decide which one
looks the best is that it does it looks
really cute we might put some stuff on
the side or something I'm not really
sure yet and then I'm ordering the wood
thing for underneath and then I'm
ordering these really cute so these
chairs you can't see the proper color
but they're bleep the next Melanie do
you know what's in there pull out the
shirt pull out the shirt part those are
shorts
open it
do you know what that is it's your
soccer jersey yeah they're supposed to
be coming today and those are your socks
yeah your uniform
how you feeling not so good
Oh fameless' sick last night hey what a
riot you're jumping around like weeds
careful we got a couple pairs to try on
we got to try them on your feet okay
yeah
oh my goodness nice yeah II didn't know
it's definitely gonna be too small too
small look Oh should I've gotten ten I
think I got a knot in the half coming
today - no but we could always go in
these ones came so fast we could figure
it out I had a pretty rough night last
night not sure if it was a bug I'm not
sure if I don't even know stressed or
whatever but feeling just like weak and
tired today feeling better though but I
ordered a bunch of soccer cleats just
for Noah to try them on today and then
we could decide which one's fit because
around here they're like all sold out
they don't have his size because he's
only three
and starting soccer pretty perfect like
right here just means we'd have to get
another pair soon though they wouldn't
last too long do you like those well
these are pretty cool I guess hi PJ hi
how's your lunch good
I painted something today can I put it
in a frame so it's let me go by the
little shelf I think looks pretty I need
to put something in this one I'm not
sure what yet me Noah and Andrew painted
today I'm almost out of these little
papers now Oh kind of like how that one
turned out I did a little practice
flower thing but it didn't really turn
out very well and then I did this little
line thing but I didn't turn out very
well
I tried those square things and I liked
how it turned out also got my Warby
Parker class we've been today I'm really
excited these are ones I chose guys I
really like him a little bit of tortoise
shell oh okay
it's not very chill ugh today the house
is really coming together I love the
decorations
Genta that was easy to please but really
I think they look great it's making it
feel more homey kind of just doing this
you got Legos today please wait yeah
they're gonna see that tomorrow don't
pick your nose
we're doing it a room at a time right
now so I think the family room actually
looks pretty nice we got to get a bunch
of pictures print parent it out and the
rest that frames up but that will look
nice super excited about Noah's game but
yeah for about 24 hours I felt sick it
makes me wonder if PJ had a bug when we
were traveling back because I don't get
sick like that that often it's like the
seventh time probably the third time on
the vlogs so that's three times like
four years or three years I don't know
but I'm feeling a lot better now and
it's funny because that day I wasn't a
vlog about how happy I am and just how I
feel so good how the change to Arizona
has been really nice and good to us and
then all of a sudden I feel ill that's
like what is going on but I feel better
now anything is just a quick little bug
shout out to Jennifer taking care of us
for handling the vlog that day and we
will see you guys to morrow peace
here's one of the Noah's drawings from
today and here are Andrews
