you just know it's gonna be a good day
when your day starts off like this have
a good one guys
no in my day knowing my my day with Noah
usually starts out with me getting it
before him I tried to get up before him
out so I can get dressed and get ready
like I kind of know what his last
feeding and like sleep is gonna be
that's nice so I usually when he goes
back to me by I get up and you know all
stuff I'm gonna get going going it's
that way when he wakes up I can just
focus on him so our day in life kind of
starts out with Sam going to work and
then um you know asleep more yep very
Sam but he currently just woke up it's
almost noon every day's a little
different some days he'll wake up at
like around 10:00 or 11:00 and stay up
and then go back down at noon or he'll
stay asleep and then wake up for a noon
today you wanted to stay awake for a
while around 667 yes Snivy boy you're
really happy in the morning huh I love
you and then our day starts out with
media okay smile I love you hi baby
good morning and usually around just
like six or seven or eight feeding right
stick my bed with me because then I
don't have to be out of bed anymore and
then I get to cuddle in and smell them
all morning and it's my favorite huh yes
cuz mom loves you did you sleep good oh
yeah so let me do this for a little
while and then I like it I'm going I'm
dressed and good and then we can just
hang out for every day is a little
different for an Illinois hi buddy
sometimes we go outside to come on
sometimes we just stay inside all day
long but I just miss being winning the
wha this is when he's these - of the
entire day it's right when he first
wakes up for like he's the most wait
time he has really yeah this is my
favorite part of day I see cute oh when
you wake up I just can't wait to hear
his giggle oh I don't know when you hear
their Google but I'm really excited to
that I hope you guys have a fun day at
school or work or still on summer break
who knows don't summer break you are a
lucky duck but then again I'm gonna be a
permanent summer break I'm gonna go back
to grad school should I go back to grad
school I don't know maybe someday but
school's out forever still some of you
guys have started I want permits in a
break with you I'll probably stick close
to home today because we have a lot of
family coming this weekend my parents
and a lot of my siblings and then Sam's
parents are coming out for nose blessing
ATAC on Sunday huh
yeah and dad's here do it and it was
wearing an outfit that was so cute don't
you yes you out with other smiles and if
I have time I'll probably work a little
bit on my little craft project ending or
our project really so I'm just I just
don't know what colors I want to do yet
Turner is gonna run my drawings of the
states
okay well aren't you just the cutest
little boy I ever did see
you're so cute in the room I'm really
torn right now guys because this outfit
is just so stinkin cute it's so cute
that I'm like oh she saved it and have
him wear it on Friday when our family
comes into town he has a couple things
with Turtles on them but I really
honestly think sometimes he looks like a
turtle like when his when he's like
laying that like me sleeping I'm like oh
my gosh you're a little turtle sometimes
I'm like you're a little Franklin and
look at ya without turtle I'm your of
your new turtle boy do I save it I did
it I made the switch that off it was
just too cute to have him worried just
on a day where we're inside so he has to
wear that - its meet all the family
because it's just so yeah thank you to
our viewer who sent that it's adorable
third wardrobe change his kid just peed
all over his shirt oh my gosh the last
time he wore this shirt was for the
fourth of July and you were like a week
old this kid's done a row so before him
to lift up
this is basically so fussy today baby
day Oh someone's happy dad's home he's
confused she's probably just gonna cry
in a minute thank dad - I'll stop crying
for dad this is the most youth a mr.
fuzzy Noah why are you smiling
we've done this before this kid is so
fuzzy today and this is the only way
he's comfortable
it's that booger you gonna dump in your
lazy boy dude's mom's Dance Moms bag
dude oh my goodness gracious what just
happened
another fangirling moment in sanika
vlogs history this one you guys probably
won't even care about but I'm stoked
right now
because let me show you this so
Martellus Bennett
Martellus Bennett he's the starting
tight end for the Chicago Bears and I
commented on his photo and I said this
is dope and you knows thanks to showcase
your work is dope as well when I go to
my Instagram and he followed me on
Instagram
what the crap he follows 487 people he
is the tight end to my fantasy football
team and he's following me I'm so stoked
right now I love that guy Martellus
Bennett is a stud Wow my night was made
that's all I gotta say I was in here
giggling like a schoolgirl I love the
internet guys this is why the internet
is amazing in the past you couldn't
reach people like Martellus Bennett the
starting tight end for the Chicago Bears
and now he's following me on Instagram
but your life would be made what do I
think of who is Jim
would be made I'm not sure Jimmy Fallon
people pitbull
no my life is made be married to you Oh
what's up you two fam I still haven't
gotten to do a full day in the life how
I planned it was gonna it's gonna be
like more cinematic and things like that
Jenny give you a little glimpse of what
her morning's like we're gonna finally
one of these days do the day-in-the-life
the problem is is that in the morning
I'm usually so tired and just like
trying to get to work that I forget to
film so the day my life has not begun
yet to my fellow Salt Lake City ins
or Utah or anyone that lives close we do
need to plan that meet up soon probably
before it gets too cold maybe in late
September early October you guys have
any ideas on where we should meet up or
anything like that feel free to post
them in the comments so we can start
planning we've already started to talk
with like Ellie and Jared and we'll get
something going as Jen always says we
hope you guys had a good day we took
lots of pictures of little know I always
take him on this camera and then I send
him my phone and upload them to
Instagram and that boy I cannot get
enough of him I cannot get enough of him
there are still like four more months
left and well including this one left in
2014 and I just 2014 it's so hard to
wrap my head around it this has been a
tremendous year it's just been so
exciting our lives have changed so much
and we just love that little guy it has
been the biggest blessing for us and
we're so grateful every single day for
that like we keep saying can't wait for
the family to get here have you guys
played this game before risk twenty to
ten I had never played regular risk and
then the one time I played I was like
how do you play regular risk well it
turns out it's like a lamer version of
risk 2010 you can go to the moon on risk
22:10 anyways you guys are awesome as
soon as this video gets uploaded I know
they've been super late that's just
because my schedule is kind of crazy and
I like to come home and just be with my
family I need to I always say I'm gonna
do better editing and hopefully one of
these days I'm back to that earlier late
ish early afternoon upload schedule but
hey at least I'm posting videos and at
least they're going up no matter when
you watch them it's the same video so
thanks for having patience with me guys
I'm gonna try and hit up some of you
guys in the comments today so hope you
guys are having a wonderful week see you
guys tomorrow who's fun
on you you're everything that I see our
Joe hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
