let's see what my person right now ready
Rock this is live ready rock paper
scissors
oh these guys she was laughing a mint or
smiling in India when I was blowing on
his tummy but having a very difficult
time with his poops this morning he got
a ton out he's still pushing you still
putting it little belly
morning Pete good morning everybody
did you boy oh yeah don't worry guys
he's not gonna be sitting in this by
himself on the couch I was just seeing
if he could fit in it he's still a
little shaky for it his body fits in it
it's just he has pretty good net control
he's still just wobbles a little bit
you'll be able to fit by yourself really
soon look you you big boy
hey guys it's Tuesday and you know we're
about to go on a walk
maybe I'll feed you some more we're
gonna walk so I've also have been
feeling kind of like I needed do
something creative so I'm like starting
a little project here I saw on Etsy
these watercolors I love water Conn
Smythe right type of painting paint like
type of way to paint myself and I saw
these state ones so like they do the
state outline they filled with
watercolor or whatever so I'm doing that
so I just did this little outline of
California and I mean it's not perfect
but it looks good to me it's fine and
then I'm gonna put in some fun
watercolor paint and then we were doing
of Illinois and I don't know if I'm
wondering of you - yeah I might cuz I
guess know was born here I don't know
yeah I'll probably do if you tattoo I'm
just trying to like get creative cuz we
need to decorate this house still and I
just really want to decorate it because
they never decorate we just end up so I
decided to do a little craft project a
little art project and put my schooling
to use just kidding anyway we are gonna
go for a walk and then I'm gonna finish
this when he takes his next nap
look at that little nugget we wouldn't
know what huh
yeah we're good in a walk today and I
just come in the car seat you can strap
that to this door cause we're gonna go a
little 4
today breezy but she's the longest
washed pit Noah's been on I like getting
out and about
I kind of hate just being inside all day
long I just like want to do active
things with him getting outside dating
the life it's 3:25 p.m. left forward a
little bit later than normal just 25
minutes later Donna boy hold up but
sometimes they'll stay a couple hours
maybe one hour late depending on how
much work that he had done today I'm off
you know a little earlier than normal I
guess kind of normal and had known
exhausted but the days just beginning
because time to be a daddy in game in a
truck whatever it's going alright
whatever saying outside was that summer
and still warm I kinda want to get an
out as much as I can now because winter
lasts like six months here it's a lot
longer and I'm gonna try to find winter
of things that we can do that are inside
this winter but living inside a lot more
than during the summer it just thinks it
was a little during summer because I
want a more attempt but so walks I just
gonna have to do you just want to get
you some Sun before it's cold huh since
fall is coming guys it's coming it comes
quick okay man me and Olivia
we've got your packages and open them
really simple not interesting your buddy
here once world
here one little kid I had to come to the
post office to get something that was
definite no it couldn't fit in our
mailbox on the same sister so had to
just check out what we feel so that your
any stuff population and we have to have
a lot of letters come on you guys with a
box full of letters I haven't opened but
we will get into those very soon okay
camera now it was just my range yep I'm
home Jen's working on our watercolor
watching some American Ninja Warrior
it was very well than that you kept
watching the TV yeah so we thought we
buzz just had like a perfect buzz cut
right now she's like cameras when you
buzzed it cuz it's such a perfect buzz
it looks like Sami budget I said before
that you turn anything stronger as fine
as the Cameron stares at it you guys
have made progress with my California
Illinois and the Utah one although I
don't know if I'm gonna keep the Utah
one cuz you taught us it's boring these
ones just look cool but no was born here
so kind of wanted to make one everything
that but there's my states
I didn't free and I'm very proud of
myself actually because I've been drawn
I haven't like drawn anything in like a
while so I was impressed that I could
draw these states freehand I not trace
them but they look pretty good though
yeah I know watercolor them keeps trying
to go for it look at him dancing baby
young'uns and singing dancing man he's
like what every burps on you I'm
spraying and you're gay can't really see
how the Purple's though who shot baby
this guy shopping what do you want can I
see res it on scooby-doo funny snacks
making cinnamon Jacks
Apple Jacks what are you doing huh check
with Cheerios get you whatever you want
and that dad you're currently doing
chemistry right now Jenna's pouring the
soap into the soap dispenser
way to go to be honest when I read you
that I spill it everywhere so pretty
much any hand towels get stinky so fast
you know what because they do dues on
him what the that Ohio nick is supposed
to be but you like bring your head down
yeah alright two-handed Nick you can
wear those bracelets on your neck
seriously it looks like my neck is so
skinny it looks like it looks like yeah
I think Noah has your neck I think
nothing like that plundered their diets
workout plan 2014 begins what all right
half a marathon girl workout plan 2014
starts six months all right guys workout
plan September 2014
begins Tom yo Darrell and Jen this is
the hilarious letter take them out
youtube.com slash user dude Darrell it
gives better handwriting I'm surprised
this is hilarious like googoo gaga feed
me change me yes I can't wait to put in
that and we get the plymouth mayflower
little little history for all y'all that
don't live in united states the plymouth
is the boat that they took over everyone
stay in school
enjoy those teasing crumpets shout out
to Brooklyn that's me that's you I
cannot believe it oh my goodness oh my
goodness stop it don't grow stop growing
no I stopped growing these are so
totally that moves that squeeze that
boom I'm some free pajamas
yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah me my my
gangster partner you know it's the
saddest part is that the best part of
today's vlog didn't make it because Jen
didn't record it me and know I had our
first dance sesh at the grocery store we
were doing the Samba it's too good to
reenact too good at different anyways
hope you guys are having a good week
it's a busy week here as always can't
wait for the fam to be here already
booking our trips to Cali Chicago and
don't look like no I can almost
officially say that we're going to win a
playlist lives so Jenna Moses finish
Maze Runner oh you guys it's gotten so
good I finished reading it and then yeah
just keep reading guys I know it's been
busy
you guys I did you read it while I run
and it's like I go through ten chapters
it's I wouldn't help me run I need
something no no way that cuz it gets my
mind it gives my mind out of it
there's music I'm just think anything
and thinking when there's a book I'm in
a story best thing ever I'm gonna need a
book for the marathon half marathon
gen-i something very motivational to say
don't watch kid president we'll see you
guys tomorrow ready Rock lose his life
ready Rock Paper Scissors shoot
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
