you
like a burrito this morning Bree oh boy
i bundled up hello there what's up Bri
the bush look at me to look what we go
boy okay like I'm so warm yet so
confined you're like oh yeah you're
trying to get out oh well I'll get you
out trying to sweep out too there you go
coo coo howdy folks I'm back at a que
cela leaders house I'm still not really
a case you live yourselves that's my
friends uh beautiful labor day I gotta
go to work soon that man just taking
nature like this well it's beautiful one
of my bestest bestest ventures to the
bike whenever he all right little Hugh I
look at how about I know can you swim
all right away every might be a little
blurry yeah look how beautiful she is
that no it's good past your hands hi yes
/ and I got real gem she's me out look
at his face look perfect oh it is kind
of but i'll focus it no so sweet and
your mother sweet he is show me can you
do that naturally it's an amazing thank
you he's so sweet because I hey look it
yeah he's so pretty boss I handsome he's
not praise handsome I think he's pretty
too oh look at that mouth you soak you
oh baby sleeves sure I know
we always see me know goodbye little
shooter 1 2000 pletely that she's busy
buddy Bobby him passed out super thighs
super sexy super set hey Bob I gotta go
work yeah thank you love you mama nah is
it all around and practical jokes days
we didn't have TV this summer because it
don't really need it cuz we're kind of
just obsessed with youtube and hulu and
things like that but Sam really wanted
it for sports and so we got TV back and
now that means i can watch in fact to go
to excuse again honestly I don't really
know how to work the TV that well so I
was just kind of scrolling through and
found this so where's watching this
right now this little but he is asleep
again he's doing a ton like I know I say
he goes through growth spurts a lot but
he really is going through a growth
spurt right now look he looks like Sam
right there oh my gosh he looks just
like Sam right now and not the different
angle but look at this kid and look at
this kid this is sam and that's Noah and
just imagine this kid his eyes closed oh
those similar shaped heads and stuff and
the same chin hold yes Sam has a baby so
cute just like you're cute bubby oh so
cute
I got to meet my friends brand new baby
today and he was just so teeny-tiny and
made me think back to when Noah was
teeny tiny and brand new except for this
baby was like tiny like well okay no he
was like seven seven pounds news 171 and
no was like 9 pounds so like no was tiny
still but like didn't feel like as tiny
as my friends baby felt today it was
crazy and now i come i came home to this
big boy he's like not a teeny tiny baby
anymore that's so weird it was really
fun to see my friend i'm glad that we
happen to be in logan when she had her
baby they just worked out perfectly and
i was so glad to see Russia my bestest
friends and I just love her and I'm so
happy for Sam had to go into work today
it's labor day today today's Monday and
had to go into work cuz sometimes they
have to work holidays cuz there's just
always stuff to do so he decided to work
today on Labor Day so he's not going to
be home until midnight tonight he's at
work and then he has to wake up tomorrow
I 7am and go back to work until four so
he's working a long time these next
couple days it's just crazy I feel so
bad
that work right now and I'm just gonna
make myself from dinner yeah i was
thinking about going out and getting
some noonish like walking with noah
somewhere but uh he's sleeping and i'm
hungry now i don't really want to put
them back in a car so using one all day
so I'm just gonna make me fat wrath yeah
and I hand you want yeah I know it's
something fancy but at the answers were
a little too much so at all I came to do
that I forget to read how much and I
just pour some in there
what's up guys light Chester and green
in case you couldn't tell heading home
right now it's like 120 a.m. and i work
in five hours again so that's gonna be
fun but you know gotta do what I gotta
do work went by really fast today it's
been really busy and by really fast it's
crazy though life's crazy sometimes it's
gonna be like 17 to 18 hours of work in
24 hours so shout out to all those
people grinding we can do it together
let's do it what's up YouTube fan it's
time to go to bed really is so where do
I work where do you guys think hmm well
I didn't make this mini lego figurine of
me I am officially a radio rappelling
rescue man these past two days will
probably be the busiest I am in a while
so it's good to have that done behind me
I'm already putting in my time for when
I'm going to be gone for Christmas
Thanksgiving hopefully playlist live and
it's exciting time is moving fast our
family's part of our families will be
here this weekend for knows blessing so
it's me a lot of fun hard work
definitely pays off what I strive for is
having a healthy balance a balance of
work family fun exercise you know work
on the exercise part but eating now it's
good to have a healthy balanced religion
believing in something I mean I don't
force anything on anyone but that's also
a big part of my life as well you're
probably completely distracted by my
hair and that's okay anyways hope you
guys had a good day you guys got a sneak
peek of what it's like at work but you
probably still don't know where I work
maybe you do if you do anyways I'll see
you guys tomorrow Jen's asleep Ruth just
home I'm going home
eyes on you do everything that I see our
Joe hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
