hi where we headed what are we doing
this morning mama um gonna drop me off
seven miles away from home I'm gonna run
home so sorry that some dealings like a
cruel and unusual punishment for my
husband ya know but it's better than
running from here I can try to track
with our concern Noah looks he's like
mom oh I don't know how I feel about
that this is actually the best tape the
best thing to do the me just wandering
through neighborhoods takes longer I'm
following you all seven miles yo it's
five o'clock and there's proof that the
comcast man is not here he was supposed
to be here between three and five I
don't see him anywhere which means we
get at least the twenty dollar discount
right comcast comcast this is proof it's
five o'clock you're not here unless he
broke into my house nope nope nowhere to
be seen so uh yeah I haven't even gotten
a phone call I mean golly I'm already
griping about combat I don't think
anyone likes comcast they pretty much
review off so it's only being get
because i had directv for a while we
haven't had TV for like four months and
i'm trying to get it back for the sports
games cuz i ought to keep open my team's
my bowls utah state michigan state and
uh they're not here so what you guys
gonna do about that huh i hope someone
from comcast is watching this look at
that face he's been sleeping all day all
afternoon while he didn't sleep this
morning and now he's sleeping yeah too
much football too much basketball how do
you feel about having a baby it's so
weird that we love it sometimes it just
hits you know I'm like oh my gosh
there's my baby oh my gosh with a baby
seriously when did that happen this is
what made or did you come from I don't
need all the newborn crying worth it
right here is cuddles the color he came
in bed and coalescence associate squishy
he's got the best for a while
Comcast man where you at looking for you
sideout it could be a woman could be a
woman guys what I realized yesterday you
my friend were talking and we realized
that every baby smells different really
yeah cuz know when you grow up you're
like oh baby smell everybody's baby
smells real good I love the way you
smell but my friend's baby smells
differently like slightly similar but
different it's looking different yo I'm
editing your meeting salsa and you
better believe i got my sports back I
got my sports back I got my sports back
and it feels so good I got my sports
back and fears some good yeah Jen how do
you feel about having TV back I'm
feeling different actually I got my
sports back but I'm kinda curious to see
how much the movies there they showed
the what did they show that on demand to
Jen she's like I'm excited I'm excited
that TV back side note I just went to
the store to get some snacks before he
came here I tell lady was but the guy
that set it up he was really nice really
good guy comcast he gave me the
twenty-dollar customer guarantee
discount on the $35 installation thank
you but I went to the grocery store and
I ran into someone I was just walking
she's like hi Sam and I like kind of
caught me off guard so I probably was
kind of really weird when it happened
but hey it was nice to meet you so we're
just hanging out right now just
uploading the vlog and get it going and
there is officially one hour until the
Hangout I've been chatting with me guys
here it's been a lot of fun what's up
Noah you ready let's go get some dinner
I'm back at Pizza really mom this time
to try the Wayne woods herbage alone
whatever the one is that I wanted to try
last I was gonna get chipotle but i'm
getting pizza cuz jen wanted pizza
yo check out my pizza though it jiggles
it jiggles ah there's egg is that like
bacon ah goodness potatoes golly I'm not
doing well I don't was already halfway
done with her pizza I read them last
night she ran to him out today which
means you can eat whatever you want why
not I hope I lose weight if I didn't eat
I did not run seven miles today I ran
seven blocks and I'm getting the fatty
pizza but I saw this last time and I
really wanted to try it me Josh and try
to miss out on the water like why did he
not show was that like oh so here goes
nothing and Jen's on her last slice and
this that's not bacon it's actually
sausage which is better cuz I'd almost
be be too much bacon I'm visited dan you
could you redo that for our vlog don't
did that right don't school I know how
people eat this with a bread but I'm
gonna eat it like some dip don't you
don't mean that much though they take a
very thin layer that's all a thin layer
that's it just that that's it it stinks
smell it babe wait for real though how
much do I eat of this I need some hope
they put a thin layer on toast is that
too much oh yes ends go to bed babe
that's your mother too much that's too
much is it Oh someone's an awesome
chance to advance all you guys watching
I know we're about to watch San and this
will probably be the most anti-climatic
thing ever because because I'm a man
lather that chipper yeah you put that in
the backyard wrote to you can even you
gotta put on the time y'all go for round
two oh babe oh you know what if I close
my eyes it tastes like nacho cheese but
natural cheese in like Bo dude oh my
gosh Oh yo for real though like what's
with other countries and like their
favorite things you can actually go
watch man than I am I am consumed it all
so you just save your Vegemite and yeah
hey yo hashtag Tenzin your hashtag lon
nut nose was turning us what's up yeah
what's up oh my goodness look at this
guy I can't believe I just skinned this
you just now blogging weeping i can't
believe i just talked to this guy and
this duty this guy i think that's the
guy that does the target barn as I am
that might be him oh yeah hey you should
do target ball work her stomach is the
ball and oh god no yeah yeah we just did
a Google hangout and now I'm just saying
the same joke I always do hey if you
missed the Hangout Cullen was there Katy
was there Britt was there awesome is
there and has really good time and you
got me I didn't know were there too you
can go back oh this is a speed traps I
need to slow down but look how beautiful
this is
how beautiful this land is I could get
life pulled over right now this is a
speed trap on that
I'm not speeding up anyways go back and
watch the hang out if you want it's like
an hour and a half there's a lot of fun
though it's on Austin's channel so go
check them out if you haven't seen them
or go check out Colin and kitty because
they're the best to and they're having a
baby in a couple of weeks yeah like five
weeks down for four or five weeks but
yeah the community begins to come I
guess is that anything but you never
know in there around hey guys another
short vlog go check out those peeps it's
been a really fun day it's been a fun
hang out it's been a fun time we're in
the car right now yes Bobo needs to eat
yes he does it's gonna be a good time to
go so yeah tomorrow I'm gonna post the
weekends fund fun just a little bit of
that and the next day I'm really gonna
do with day in the life I'm committed
it's happening because i have to work 16
hours within a 24-hour period so yeah
what a perfect i did you save the life
thank you okay well we'll see anyways
we'll see you guys later we love you
guys no see you tomorrow poof you're so
inclined go you know I grow in other
ways and this guy goodness gracious take
it
what's up vball how was church yeah I
was right dr. Brock has grown up to
logan today I guess eating frenzy I
don't care sorry
