that's it hey man hey you ready for
church like your outfit got your cool
shoes on from Jordan you got your cool
pants like that little polo ready for
church yeah yeah gonna be good at church
are you gonna behave yeah yeah you're
looking at me why you always look at the
camera huh gonna behave like so cute
today
take a little boy there's a tight little
bowl Oh
you look like pit bull almost dolly yeah
yeah yeah que no pare la fiesta don't
stop the party what's up YouTube fans I
get a one take today we're recording
before church right now
Jenn's getting ready for church applying
the makeup apply the makeup apply the
makeup by the makeup cute skirt I just
got new pants cuz uh last Sunday I read
mine check these babies out everybody
I've got my damn pants
I guess you got your tie pants on
everybody's talking about your tie pins
you got your tight pants you got your
tie pants on
Church was good today no it was good
funniest part is like there's a really
reverent part during church and he
started farting and pooping like crazy
like it was all quiet and I'll send it's
like when I just looked at him and
laughed the thought of the day comes
from my sister Kristy glass the struggle
to break out of the cocoon develops the
butterfly so it can fly without that
adversity the butterfly would never have
the strength to become something extra
ordinary Joseph B Wirthlin
I enjoyed that thought I found it to be
very true adversity in life just makes
us stronger as long as we fight to
overcome it right I feel like I'm
preaching right now that's true though
even things like becoming a parent I
just you know I grow in other ways and
this guy goodness gracious I just can't
get over that faith what's up pit ball
how was church how was church baby we're
getting packed up real quick because
we're going out to Logan today and go
see some friends
yeah they throw you off the zebra system
right it's not it's not an actual video
yeah don't you guys have no clue what
I'm talking about Jenna's got her Aggies
shirt on Utah State hey eggs all the way
we played Tennessee a football today so
we need to watch that with friends got
another fantasy football track you ask
you you ask you
where you'll see Veda and some friends
and you got another friend being born
super baby today or tomorrow so we're
getting packed up we got to leave in a
minute but before that we have to do a
quick google hangout with my family
because we're gonna figure out who's
giving what forgot who is getting who
goodness we're driving our names for
Christmas to see who's gonna gift each
other because our family is getting
bigger it's really expensive to buy a
gift for everyone so we'll draw a name
we're gonna go do that right now
see you guys in December oh here's a
mess so blonde
his claim
I hope this guy knows his guitar doesn't
count as a person in the carpool lane
look at his baby come on buster yeah
bust your body but I'll step in here
since a third sardine Canyon where you
pack yourself in a car like sardines and
make your way into the belly of
sardine Canyon there's actually rocks
that fell down yeah I forgot about that
finally in a car did they need a car our
cars hit up or something and there's
like three the candy was closed thank
goodness be implicated oh my goodness
the beautiful trying to think of a
patriotic sorry
going here than to logging on to that
welcome to Logan the land of the Aggies
and agriculture sure guys we're driving
my temptation cupcakes right now
temptation cupcakes icing lives
hey Reese live right there guys
apartments yep and then we used to live
up that's a street over there was our
last apartment
oh and nostalgia every time we come back
here it's good I saw yo we made it the
ghetto is one sake you've ever seen in
your life we made it to Logan we
traveled almost 100 miles to get here
we're here and we're ending the vlog in
the back so hope you guys had a fun
Sydney go football go Utah State hey
eggs all the way I believe that we will
win I think Tennessee will probably win
know that we will always let down find
these big games so know what's happen
well face maybe both
III lose by 3 do this alright guys we'll
see you tomorrow
eyes on you do everything that I see I
want your hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you
