happy Friday guys it's Friday morning
I'm about to go to work and I'm so glad
it's Friday because it's been a long
work week I can't wait to do
day-in-the-life which I'll probably
start in my closet because this is the
only safe place in the morning cuz
they're asleep right now in there
anyways one more day of work this week
and I'll be able to enjoy the weekend
let's get to it guys let's go
look who came to visit it's Lindy you
guys have seen her in lots of school
vlogs she came but stacy stacy is
currently trying to feed her baby in the
bathroom the other Sam look ma'am look
at Noah friends uh-huh he's already
tried to grab her boobies and that's
that's just it's official there be a you
just stared at the camera now loves it
doesn't he yes you won't even look at me
you did it how to find this thumb this
guy doesn't want a son yet maybe you
won't ever want us thumb we'll see two
months and he's like 12 years old he's a
lot bigger than Sam we gotta we gotta
show the comparison here these two
babies next to each other and Sam's
almost three months Noah just don't you
like sounds older but come on but no
it's just a little bigger
the heads Sam's really good at holding
his head up already no one not so much
I mean no we're together again and
they're bigger this time last time they
saw each other they're two and three
weeks two and three - four - and four
weeks old friends meeting for the first
time they were in utero at the same time
and now they're here they're both over
nine pounds big boys Lukey boy oh look
at them there's so much bigger now
you're a lot more active now that you're
older and Sam - Sam just found his thumb
Noah has not know is also a couple weeks
younger than Sam look how big he is
I think he needs to be wearing the mini
man shirt
Sam's discontent right now just chillin
you guys were in utero together then you
were together as newborns and now you're
together a couple months later okay kick
Sam is so comfy just laying there
no one's gonna roll home for him
it was gonna push them over oh wait are
you trying to find your thumb are you
trying to copy Sam how they're best
friends
hello you love the camera Suze look how
happy it concern is the mini man over
here know what you can do it is trying
look how far his arms go out trying to
lift them the problem may try I'll put
him under here like you can do it buddy
with that Nutella
look at those in the head just like this
one's older you guys are cute friends
look cute and Sam was 9 3 when he was
born he weighed more than you knowa no
look at you
it's like besties already oh are you
talking Noah you know I may not be able
if my head up but I got some friends
nose is just huge compared to say pretty
good you're doing good Noah what's up
everybody it's Friday I'm watching old
vlogs that Jay blogs just tweeted out
the Michigan State game football
football is here I'm here this dude's
just been chilling here with mommy he's
become the Chili's baby ever
I don't get it I don't know what
happened came back from Seattle and
awesome he's chill ray baby I'm also
let's check this out over here cooking
up some Sam whoo baby bear
football and salmon they don't really go
together they don't have any connection
but it was on sale and so I got some
Lego Lego haul them dirty screen dirty
screen my screen dusty got up got up
good no oh oh did he make the grab I
don't know and I still don't know if
salmon goes well with football but the
head looks dang good I had a little
taste
it is tasty I got like a little got a
nice like char on the same and I don't
even think you go for char semen but it
is divine and this do you still chilling
wide awake hi mommy looks like a bear
just took this salmon out of the ocean
and ripped it up and in Natick pieces
really we devoured that salmon Sam did
so good salmon really good Sam did
sanding them and them good salmon Sam it
was really good things Dave love you
it's what time is it 10:30 little man's
asleep for one she's starting to go to
bed earlier janice to stay here and keep
tabs on on somebody go get us some
treats because you know the weekends
just ain't the same when you're a parent
now get babysitters yeah put your baby
to bed early I mean these are the things
you don't think about before you have a
baby that's funny we totally thought
about it but I'm gonna give us a treat
at Sonic maybe like a milkshake or
something spice up the night
there's a while that we reading sonic
like every single night it's been a
minute so there's be a nice little treat
I'm a sucker for like stuff and I still
that cheesy pub sandwich and I was like
yo I gotta try that out I'm so hungry
right now but I tried to order in the
dude just like kept putting the wrong
thing he's like putting the crispy
chicken sandwich and then he's put the
wrong one and it gots the point where
I'm like whatever you know I don't think
you could find it on this little menu
thing my jabber
I don't think I'm gonna get the cheesy
puff sandwich I think they're gonna
bring me out already then we'll see what
do you guys think oh yeah
you have bets on them bringing me the
right sandwich or the crispy chicken
just normal and took them like seriously
four tries you put the grilled chicken
and then you put like the chicken finger
sandwiches like no no no no the one that
keeps popping up on the screen that's
the one I want you guys see that
jalapeno chocolate holy crap no place
like this sonic they bring the food to
your window they don't have a drive-thru
do you have to tip for this like I've
always wondered that like is this a
place where I'm tip well if you guessed
regular chicken sandwich and that they
got it wrong you're right they messed it
up oh well it still looks good
there's a giant Chuck truck thank you
guys is my worst sonic experience ever
this truck just parked right behind me
is blocking the exit oh man what a weird
sonic night
hey guys about supposed to slog and the
hangouts gonna happen after this what's
up buddy thank you to your hangout yeah
it's been a lazy Saturday you just
watched Friday we've been filming today
but I'm just wrapping up of all you just
watched anyways the hangout is happening
at 7:30 p.m. Pacific time 8:30 Mountain
time 9:30 central 10:30 Eastern which
means it's gonna be happening within the
next 30 minutes to an hour if you're
watching this right when I just came out
so I'll post a link to that in this
description right here the place will
you watch it it's already up so that's
good and are you neither done I won't be
there thing you won't be there
not sleeping no he's been sleeping all
day alright guys we'll see you there at
the Hangout see you soon you everything
that I see our Johar love and emotion
endlessly I can't get over you
