yeah they call me the junk Floyd
Mayweather watch me flex hmm come on
straight out of Salt Lake baby put in
morning guys
it's nice and early and we are headed to
know as two months doctor's appointment
I'm really excited to see how much he's
grown in the past couple weeks
cuz he's all tank so that'll be fun I'm
gonna sort I think yes get some shots
he's not going to thought about that but
I think he probably is um yeah and then
we'll be back and hanging out and I just
found out that I thought my friends from
school I coming down to present I'm
really really really excited I love when
friends come over how you feel that
wasn't fun but he like was really good
doing it he only cried like while he got
the shot and then he was like fun right
after he put the bandage on which was
awesome you did feel good today it is so
good so good like chill today
we're gonna die we're too tired to cook
that they someone said there was an
uber fact the other day like someone
heat Chipotle for 40 years 20 pounds
something like that
well when I was in high school I swear I
lost like 15 pounds doing the same thing
so I don't think that really applies to
me anymore
what's from the right cross training day
I just did a couple miles on the bike
that's the girl that never stops cross
training no actually I've been battling
cross train days I'm going my friend
days but my cross Raymond so today I
went out and then did some some weights
after perhaps and seven miles on
Saturday wish me luck whew what do you
want eat tomato just take a nose order
it's a milk and the milk okay I need
some milk it will come in the form of a
chicken burrito with black beans is that
okay okay so now I had his two-month
appointment today and he weighs tied
into a cup of this Sam if I did just
take don't madness anyway she's
equipment went well
he weighs 14 pounds you guys well over
14 pounds needs about a law over 24
inches long
he's a big boy huh he's just a big guy
and then his head was I can't remember
and then his heads like somebody face
their 74th pursuit out who doesn't know
my head but yeah he's a big came and he
didn't really good you did so good but
he was super healthy and look great and
we responding well and he's a little
happy boy during his whole appointment
except for those last little shots the
shots
definitely were not fun for him me but
he didn't really heal and cried when he
was getting poked and then he was fine
but I said he could like have a fever
maybe or you know just ever
she's kids different I think I did talk
about this earlier today
oops sorry Sam I think I just repeated
myself before always do
Tim must point it out and I have noticed
that I tend to repeat myself a lot in
one clip I'll say the same thing over
and over again I guess ya don't need you
guys to fog do that do you end up
repeating yourself or those who edit you
do they tell you that you repeat
yourself up time cuz apparently I do
yeah we're just getting through what I
see I'm straining so we don't pick now
because he is a highly kid in this car
seat these days guys he's really happy
this is why our schedule now he goes to
sleep or he wakes up more in the morning
exactly food which is fine which is fine
really I mean if I be honest I would say
it'd be fine six out of seven days of
the week but in this case all seven
really I do my best I mean it's a train
and it's Sunday's I take it off no no my
you're so good oh no I'm not about
remembers the person's gonna hit someone
I'm talking about no sleep schedule whoa
we're gonna hit the curb also guys we
gotta do the book hang out soon because
I kind of I've cheated and
have kind of rented a lot ahead but
that's okay if you guys want to keep
reading read a couple more chapters if
you want to stay at 30 that's fine we'll
just talk up to 30 but we probably do
that this week so keep your eyes open
when we do that hang out please only
join the hangout if you're reading the
book so I want like to meet more of the
family and more people who haven't been
in hangouts and stuff like that
so if you're reading the book join us yo
I'm just saying though it's my so good
like Chipotle yo what's up family thanks
the baby just chilling here I just want
to give you a hand pound PAP PAP PAP he
thought I was a ninja baby oh I got some
punches to pop out Pat yeah they call me
the junk Floyd Mayweather
watch me flex hmm straight out of Salt
Lake baby my dad from shot City my mommy
from SoCal just now let's do some more
pound some ham pounds huh
you feel me do you understand what I'm
saying
I may look tad I may need to take a nap
but I'm awake huh hold on let me got my
binky one second I'm not feeling like my
binky I'm just gonna let it rest on my
chest oh if I'm down down dead huh pat
pat pat what all right you two BAM ah
pop pop y'all gettin tired
this is gangsta baby signing out see you
later YouTube fame I love you Laura from
Finland you rock and you want us to try
this candy it looks like cat food
Laura I don't speak Finnish I don't
speak Finnish oh my gosh this can't be
candy no no no what the oh my gosh put
one in your mouth no do it do it do it
do it do it you have to put one in your
mouth too I put one in my mouth then put
in it's like staining my hand it's like
doodoos what is that Laura Laura is that
poison
we just don't buy quickly nor sweet
actually
oh they probably do what the yeah what's
up Eddie you are one of our most
dedicated viewers not only did you not
skip ahead to the birds blog but you sat
down and watched every single vlog even
though Noah had been born for a month
you kept updating me on the vlogs you're
watching like alright I'm on this one
now I'm still catching up I've been busy
and you've been watching you know CTFxC
and all those vlogs you finally caught
up and watched a little man spirits blog
and when you did you told us I was in
your letter and you also painted this
it's such a great man is the best touch
because that dog right there
is the same one right here that's notice
honestly I cannot mess up in this room
seriously and other art we've received
which at you will show soon secret wants
this part ready put on the part
it's as sanika and the smiley face is
going to and we just pulled out of the
box though so like it's not going to
much yeah but it will that's awesome
thanks Eddie thanks how do you the man
will see in Florida hey guys just wanted
to wrap up today's guess what we're
doing uh hang out this Saturday with and
I'm Noel's
most likely at least that's what we're
planning on doing it will probably be in
about 7:00 p.m. Pacific time will tweet
out a link as well as I'll post a link
in our latest video when it's for sure
happening so you guys can come join the
hangout it's gonna be on the knife
Noel's channel if you haven't checked
them out yet I'll put a link to their
channel too yeah it should be fun I
really love them no we don't actually
it's like this is what I get for losing
Boston he said did you have to do
anything on my channel like all right
whatever man I don't like you kind of
just playing we played feetball last
night it was really fun
anything you wanna say games the baby
he's still tired from his shots he's
been a really good baby lately he's like
always been a good baby but he's changed
a lot that's crazy
mm-hmm extra good baby all right guys
we'll see you tomorrow
peace
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
