to month cam what's up I mean me mom's
car vroom vroom got me car
hey yeah so I haven't really got ready
for the day yet but we are currently
just doing no ideal two-month old
pictures oh now you smile and we're
trying to get this smile this whole time
oh goodness I gotta get the camera and
capture that hey hey again please Megan
if you love you to smile through this
camera not my camera I'm very upset by
that mister it's just staring at it
I can't move your two-month-old how's it
feel to be 2 months old good you're
learning about your body and then you're
going to kick some more you smile more
what else is new since you've turned two
months old yeah I know you poop dress as
much happy two-month-old birthday I
totally thought that um his appointment
was today so like I dropped him off at
work I have the bar today and all this
stuff and then good thing I looked at
the appointment paper before I got him
in the car seat this is like Oh Thursday
the 28th cool I don't see what happy
you've been in our family for two months
Oh
since he's turned two months old I have
here again guys it's coming in look at
that hair that beautiful hair makes me
dead Bobby ok Crazy Legs he's gonna hang
out with me while I do my makeup so yeah
this is why he couldn't sleep in it
anymore like he still fits in it but
he's just way too big to sprawl out he
likes to lay with his hands up and his
legs out look at you you look so cute in
there though you used to be so little in
there bubby
because I'm comfy you're stretching out
yeah Olivia's his ankles crossed I kind
of sleep like that man welcome home
buddy
so one likes a little sleeper sofa using
wool what is this mundo doing MA
give me give me need oh oh oh my
goodness guys look at this good girl but
I must say I'm kind of thinking he's
probably like 13 or 14 pounds
they're getting chunky and I love it you
guys no joke sometimes when he like
knows I know he's not doing his nobody's
doing but he'll go mom I feel like yo
mom it sounds just like mom but it's not
intentional someone must be a new mom
happy Wednesday
well I suppose that's a little better
forgot to talk about this birthday
present that I got I said to get a
little necklace from Etsy that says no
on it it's like a tiny little dog tag
type thing I mean I just figured when I
have like more kids I just get another
little tag add it to the necklace whoa
now you're talking anyways they got a
little Noah necklace I was going for a
first walk in the stroller he was
looking up at me when I first opened
this little top part we'll go back in
hi everything okay so like I knew and
don't know that I have a good crazy
phobia I throw up we're kind of lucky
like you rarely spits up maybe like just
a couple times a week
now even everyday but he's fit up to
date it was amusing when the dead spit
up and they tries to just like swallow
it back down he doesn't like like
obviously smoothing out which is gross
but today he had some chunky and he
actually like wanted to spit it out and
I caught it in my hand I'm improving
look I'm totally fine but when it comes
to real throw-up I'm gonna die so
hopefully hopefully I can catch you real
throw-up in my hand someday huh
hopefully say yeah mommy better cuz I'm
gonna barf all over the place sometimes
yeah it's pretty bad I get like a panic
attack whatever something to mess up
this phobia is so bad like I've had that
my whole life it's so bad that last
semester has passed muster Sam got food
poisoning really really bad and he got
super sick and I didn't help him at all
I went and slept on my son's couch in
their apartment upstairs
that's how terrible I am I didn't even
open that he was like it was the worst
night of my life I wanted to die it was
so painful and terrible wife that night
you guys I can't handle it sometimes it
was like I freaked out like legit panic
attacks like like breathing like you
trying to calm myself down
hopefully now that I'm a mom I'll be
cured of this I hope so anyways I was
around story irena do you guys have a
phobias let me bo-buddies like to share
that are weird or funnier crazy and you
have the same phobia throw up you know I
know I'm not alone out there right
please tell me I'm not alone it was
definitely a little bit of a storm going
on up in the mountains you can see the
rain coming down I'm in my mom's car I'm
in the backseat broom broom
Oh Mimi mom's car Ruru
me car uh-huh what's up I just got
picked up by my chauffeur goober eggs
they called up my uber look at my uber
driver
uber driver ha I like she played for 5
hours yeah done with work works never
over though work just goes on forever
which is good and bad because I'll
always have work but I will also always
have work what do you want to do today
yeah a nap sounds good to me too how's
my boy doing how's my boy
oh my goodness Jen also needs to be
wearing our promise bracelet what do you
get miles per hour in the residential
area no 30 months remember that speed
bump
because their speedometer is whack
sometimes if you're the police and
you're watching this know we can fix it
it just takes a couple minutes we need
to get a new car not a new car just like
a working vehicle well it works but one
of our friends from Japan sent us a
package with a whole bunch of goodies
you can't I can't read them but they're
like they're like I choose but like the
real I'd choose they're so good we just
don't buy cookies or sweet and so is
this fun little candy so it's literally
like cotton candy except for now it's
hard it we used to be squishy and it has
like pop rocks inside of there I'm if
you can see it but there's like pop
rocks and like sour powder and it's so
good it's like really sour and there's
like a real pop rocks
we just don't buy cookies or sweets
oh by myself I'm not
it's time to celebrate your two-month
birthday so I'm gonna go over here and
grab some meat make a taco and up dude
you I'm gonna give you your first taco
you ready you ready well I'm just
playing guys you know what's crazy
though you know it's just stupid silly
the man that decided to turn tortillas
into like Dorito tortillas because these
aren't good for you as it is then you
mix you with something else that's not
that great for you
and you have happy tastebuds wait
where'd he go where'd he go he's coming
there's no tacos for him oh there you
are I've made lots of progress on his
room yes we take a peek should we take
it because a lot cleaner a lot nicer
everything looks a lot but I'll show you
guys later to month cam what's up one
month ago there's no way he would've
been chilled to sitting there with us
you and not like that and maybe one
month from today he might not want it
either but we're gonna enjoy this
two-month phase right but I enjoy being
two months old because he just enjoys
being with us doesn't need to be picked
up necessarily he loves to cuddle but he
just likes hanging out come home my
goodness dude I'm really biased but
you're really cute oh my
what time is it been time time male
there is a lot of cute male Matt allowed
to say that cute male you guys been
sending lately all this stuff for Noah
it's really it's been such a blessing
you guys like I don't find any clothes
honestly and if you've seen Jen's try
and figure out what to eat for lunch
just imaginary turn the gate closed this
outfit we've had for a little while it's
from Liz and she's got this adorable
little turtle outfit and I can't wait
for him to where it's three months and
it's like a slimmer three months I hope
it looks snazzy shoes oh she was so
sweet
this package oh my goodness all the way
from Australia
look at this Katie Clark you are waiting
nice she lives this is where her
hometown is she took these pictures
they're beautiful
look at those pants oh my goodness and
the Hungry Hungry Caterpillar cutest
little beanie ever stylish pants more
stylish than anything I have that shirt
oh my goodness are you kidding me in
that toy and she said Tim Tams you know
that means Tim am slamming it has been a
minute it's been years since we've done
the Tim Tam slam and wait what's this
Milo made from malted barley oh my
goodness have to try that Vegemite okay
I've seen this everywhere and I still
haven't tried yet I've heard it's kind
of gross but I will definitely try this
out every one of these heroines like red
Frogger lives like a Harry Potter candy
Katie in your hometown is beautiful
those pictures are amazing look at that
look at that sure it's beautiful it's
like it almost caught looks like Utah
right there just a lot prettier kind of
that one oh yeah we've made huge strides
in cleaning up a little man's room and
we also have a stack of all the pictures
and paintings drawings for the Danika
family the sama calf Amica wall so we're
gonna add those pictures to it as well
fastest two months of our lives when I
sit back and reflect on the little time
that I'm able to do that it's it blows
me away I can't believe we are already
two months into being parents or parents
people are like how old are you guys I'm
17 years old
Jen's 16 16 and pregnant well actually
16 and parents and if you just believe
me you're crazy
anyways hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog two months old
many more months many more years to come
and each day is a better day each day oh
man love that kid even more see us
tomorrow peace
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
