kid just likes to move that crazy look
at him go he's literally been kicking
like this for over an hour maybe almost
two hours you woke up early and you've
just been kicking kicking kicking and
then I put him on his tummy and he gets
very upset he just wants to kick like
this right now kick kick kick kick kick
kick kick kick kick
whoa kick kick kick
oh yeah you're tiring Sam's mom got us a
whole bunch of sports onesies for the
Chicago sport and they fit him finally
they're a little big which is good so
I'm two of the worm for a while I
thought you'd go back to sleep because
usually after is 8 o'clock or 9 o'clock
feeding I'm glad you're staying awake
more mr. PB pants already people turnout
for today it was my own fault because I
didn't change him before I fed him and
then I was like why are you wet did you
just poop but it was pee you guys might
just realize okay so tomorrow is his
two-month checkup like I'm gonna take
like pictures of him as well
for two months and he always freaking
has scratches boy stop scratching
yourself yeah I know but for his one
month he had scratches on his face -
what I just realized that he peed on me
as well I'm like why are my pants wet oh
because he peed on me you like that nice
you're such a little boy you like fart
noises with me for daddy to come home
what's up YouTube fam Jenn's currently
hanging out with some friends right now
I'm running some errands because
sometimes I just don't have time to do
it during the day obviously because I'm
at work and I sold something on eBay
anyway I got to go to the grocery store
I gotta get some gas which every time I
get gas I feel like it just sucks my
soul
of the money just like liquid money that
I'm pouring into this car
this cars terrible gas mileage no bueno
bad to say that I already can't wait for
my next vacation I just love the heat
with my family time off from work who
doesn't know right
it's Rachel hi Rach and their friend
Hannah hi Hannah
kick your legs huh kick kick kick their
got another pretty lady I know it's not
hilarious talk to me
can you talk Noah I love the whole
process of like eating something posting
something on the internet to sell
something maybe I wasn't gonna get any
money for and then it sells and you're
like oh my goodness just watching the
bids come in for it even if it's just
like a couple bucks I also love mailing
it I love using the machine to doing it
myself instead of like going up to the
clerk but today I'm coming to mail and
look it dang it since I'm done with
school I sold my I clicker I don't know
if anyone's ever used one of these
before you do like quizzes in class or
maybe attendance with this I just posted
on eBay I put like a $25 Buy It Now
thinking I don't know that was kind of a
lot and it sold like instantly so gotta
go find another post office and get this
mailed out not to fall asleep in her
arms
I'm so tired you tired buddy I also
stopped by the P o box on Saturday and
there was a notice they're saying that
they were going to send something back
because it needed payment had to be paid
for by the 24th or something like that
and I wasn't gonna be able to get there
because the post office is gonna be
closed so I left a dollar in the P o box
hoping that whoever saw it would take it
take care of everything and check it out
I just came back they gave me my change
to quarters so thanks this letter didn't
have a stamp on it I'm not sure how it
was accepted but it was mailed to us and
I actually paid for it's emailed to us
so whatever you wrote in here
be good because I paid 50 cents to read
that no really it's not that big of a
deal
the things you guys write to us there's
no price tag on that it's really fun for
us to read it it makes us feel like
we're making a difference by vlogging
which is kind of crazy because we're
just sharing normal day occurrences with
you guys Jenny mas I have found your
twin my grandma doesn't know what come
back to Logan
seriously okay you know I say goodbye to
your girlfriend's house Lo and friends
come to visit it's the best thing ever
thanks for coming rage I love you oh so
nice to meet you Hannah
you're so cute and I'm very much
obsessed with you now we've received a
lot of packages from around the world
and we're still sharing them all so if
you guys haven't seen your mail yet it's
coming this package came all the way
from freaking Japan this news box from
Japan and then stuff in Japanese I'm
trying to understand these chips there's
like pepperonis there's like cheese
there's all sorts of goodness that I
can't wait to bite into before we look
at anything else let's see where she
lived she's originally heard of us
Texas to live in Oklahoma Japan on the
Air Force Base in the air and they're
left one to your left
they're saying they're coming back but
she found a solution Hertz tweets we
chased weak and sweet I think you guys
should evolve your last year that I
would love to see your vlogs in Japan I
think that would be amazing and thank
you so much for all these goodies so one
buggy I want to see it
UFO hey what is up with that controller
controlling this giant thing of needles
she said that we can't microwave this
though cuz it will catch on fire and she
found out the hard way that like spicy
and delicious
she gave a gift to each of us Noemi Jen
these look like the real deal like real
head shoes or something like that can't
wait to try one of those I'm guessing
these are like pop rocks candy come on
she sent no baby chopsticks and this
cute ninja Japan baby girl fit they have
like a marble or something you have to
push down to the fizzes and explode I
cannot wait to try that this right
I think if anything the marbles just for
safety like hey no one's drunk this foul
before some enough yeah she sent me
these she said dogs I've got to put this
on my desk Network but they're supposed
to protect you from evil spirits in
doesn't act like that's just something
you know maybe the Japanese culture
believes in and I think that's super
sweet cool awesome
I've seen these outside of Lego people's
houses and stuff like the biggest NGOs
thanks hey guys and sleepy this must be
what parents feel like yeah this this
must be what it's like to grow old and
to be parents mom and dad I finally know
just a little bit of how you guys feel
because you have a lot more going on in
more than one kid well now you guys are
empty nesters but you're all tired you
know when we need to bring back though
is a story time I've been telling
bedtime stories for a long time and then
now like almost two months in with this
baby and we haven't even read him a
bedtime story you read them some
scriptures well that's mom how was that
done let's read them a bedtime story
tomorrow all right guys Wow okay life's
busy isn't it for everyone for all of us
it's busy whether you're watching a lot
of YouTube videos whether you're going
to school whether you're working really
hard whether you have kids whether
you're trying to learn how to swim at
swim camp we all have challenges in our
lives
I mean I remember trying to jump into
the deep end it was scary this guy amy
has some sometimes he's our time poopy I
don't know what that feels like anymore
actually
but we love you guys and we appreciate
you guys watching
I gotta get me any less words
this must be what it's like to be a
parent oh man
CS mom bedtime story more time
on you
you everything that I see I want your
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you
