karley seat party party party party tea
party in the back seat today sitting
with the kids
because there's still no baby how many
days I don't know baby
how many days they counting counting
until baby sweet girly deliver the baby
right here we could deliver the baby in
the car Monica hey the kid will help
100% effaced 10 centimeters 10
centimeters and I'm gonna go walk IKEA
that's a lie I don't know what I am
yeah she's just you know just so
pregnant um Sam's in the mood to
decorate always giving you the green
light I know I just haven't known what I
want to do today
Monica so in a game yeah my husband um
Monica's been on Pinterest and she's
been pulling up pictures it's showing me
how how I should decorate the walls
downstairs Matt's truck
hey we're famous enjoy good that good
that Apple my truck Apple Maps truck sis
Wow Apple Mac Maps truck I'm excited we
have some good ideas for the downstairs
hopefully it turns out completely we
don't free with everything seems like
I'm ready to go now happen to person
d'accord I'm like let's do it we got a
little we're investing in our future
we've got a little on there with us and
of course a ninja this kid these kids
where there's costumes tracklist okay
good mommy mommy daddy we just dropped
no off in the kid place for the first
time ever it's just in there
we've never I've never thought to do
that it always kind of in here well he's
been too young
yeah that's true we were a little
painting
you wouldn't it was out of fun just
wanted to go by himself it's a kind of
amazing as a mother city boot so me and
Mike have decided that the wall by the
front door is gonna be our picture
collage wall the wall by the couch will
be two shelves with knickknacks on it
what about the place wall when I picture
yeah when I play well we are gonna get a
fake tree and then but TV we're gonna
have a couple little things and
something above the TV that's always got
so far let's go let's do this let's do
this look who's back from the play area
how is it what you got there
a cinnamon roll for yourself Monika's
have been helping us out what I really
want I want a bunch of plants in the
house even if they're fake so we're
picking out some plants right now some
color not just green
generally likes the color purple will
she like this one take this one yeah oh
do you know what movie this is from
these little things what is that from
what movie Beauty and the Beast that's
right Jenny and Monica are actually
starting their own business of
renovating decorating and so far we
offered it to Big Bang okay this wall by
the TV we don't know but you get to be
small so here's the small one that's
still pretty big or a giant we also have
a bunch of stuff in here tons of frames
and things I hope the girls you know go
over that probably Jen their inspiration
for that I've been telling Jen I was
like we need to have some awesome things
on the wall she's an artist we've been
seeing paintings of flowers and
different things like that and I was
like instead of buying um you should
paint them and then it would be even
more meaningful and cool so we're gonna
print out a bunch of photos do some art
hang that up make it look real nice and
homey it's a good start this is a good
start right that's a good start we might
have to come back in the car
got a puppy we might have to come back
but some 100 days folks it's beginning
to look a lot like charisma
okay so lately I've been receiving a lot
of fun toys and gadgets that I
absolutely love and I'm super excited
about but anyways we were trying out the
oculus rift right now Jen just put it
the headset out for the first time we
can actually see what she's looking at
here this is what she's looking at I
should probably go from this angle how
does it Jen can you hear me what's the
favorite color purple
we you know you know purple is your
favorite like crowded stuff that I
wouldn't know no okay I'll ask the
questions you ask questions cuz I don't
know any of this time ding ding all
right it's recording you guys so who
knows Jen better me okay let's see if
Jen could travel anywhere in the world
where would she go how did you know nope
yeah yeah dangit Anderson
where's Jen's favorite restaurant to eat
like when you're done together okay let
me think if Jen could drive any car what
would you drive so what's your really
yeah you would want like the Range
Rovers the G Wagen GUI alright let's see
let's see hey you are you got two he's
got zero alright pilot what is Jen's
favorite movie is my dream he gets so
mad at me thank you you'll make some
girl happy you okay hold on let me think
of another question um day hold on okay
it's okay what is Jen's number one fear
in life vomiting I would say vomiting
end divorce okay you guys not both got a
point you've got a point
yeah vomiting um let's see sorry
meanwhile in a different world in so
many things now that I can't think
straight I just fall asleep with you I'm
just kidding
life is a nightmare and it's because I'm
alone in the world is having more fun
than me to night staring at these four
walls again about the last time I've had
a good time
everyone's got somewhere I'm just a kid
I know
I feel like I'm in this office yeah this
is the craziest thing I've ever ever
seen in my life
