okay guys it's going down ready to
control
just hanging out outside again today
it's a little windy so we probably won't
stay out for very long but Noah doesn't
like being cooped up inside all day I'm
either doing squeaking a little fresh
air huh buddy
I definitely agree with your shirt so
Noah poop today or this morning and as I
was changing him he decided to pee
everywhere and so it kind of freaks me
out every time he starts shooting
everywhere
and I try to cover as fast as I can well
I'm eating my breakfast I can't resulted
in that poop all over my hand yeah yeah
then there was pee all over the changing
table and like art dresser whose really
fun this morning I had a normal back
that's okay
I'll get your poop all over me if I have
to it's you're just back at you so we
are currently just enjoying ourselves
outside while Sam has his he's going ham
over at work so that's good and kind of
crazy classism and overtime tonight so
we probably won't see him for four more
hours that's okay thanks dad for working
it's Monday unfortunately and we hope
you guys have a fun day and good luck to
all of you who are starting school today
so we people will start school day I
don't even know how many people a lot of
people but if you do good luck and if
you don't you've been doing that summer
hey what are you talking to me mom I am
talking to you little chubby double chin
care
that was the fastest Chipotle service
I've ever had in my entire life it was
like a world record speed I think I just
parked went in was out within three
minutes insane yeah how's everybody film
these days falls just around the corner
which means a lot of different things
for one I always procrastinate my
Halloween costume so I think I might
even start preparing it now okay guys
it's go yes except less I was feeling
kind of bad until this morning when Jen
said anyways I'm excited you guys are
awesome and enough of you
in fact over a hundred fifty I think
they're like a couple hundred comments
let's add Jem it's time to do it some
people were like don't do it Jen don't
do it no idea it's for more than just
peer pressure
oh yeah many know that up Genco went the
whole cooler up last time so it wasn't
filled up the whole way so we'll just do
it 3/4 the way
okay the bucket is full families
grabbing the ice cubes now it really is
for a good cause guys actually no girl
from high school a friend and her mom
like she was suffering from ALS that's
where excessive service I mean cuisine
into you know just the ice cubes
don't make me do it guys gonna make me
feel bad just kidding
I really just kidding everybody fine
it'll be freezing cold but it'll be fine
good let's get the show on the road
peeps any last words for you mum
I don't think I don't meet him again no
I've been challenged to do the ASO ice
water bucket ice beta cell American Sign
Language ALS ice bucket challenge we're
also me donating not just dumping water
on ourselves
I've been omne ap on the MIT pili cuz
she wants to do it in her work fetches
rosa.she oh yeah that's really smart
Kili AP and okay I met Christine look at
all
I am such a whip that was just destroyed
this house meanwhile with that be a
Dilbert she did your good sport think
you're great oh just never at a million
other people do better than you house
really good so yeah I took a week you
know took a week off from basketball the
game because that's what the greats do
when they lose Michael Jordan he always
took a week off right you know Austin
was more physical he was smarter with
his play in the game he played it took
me a while to get warmed up afterwards
you know I was feeling good but it's
time to get ready for round two
because round two is coming soon I'm not
sure the exact date but it's gonna
happen it's just the beginning guys just
the beginning awesome I don't want the
biggest game that may have mattered most
so far but I'm just getting started
so I didn't do the day in the life today
and the reason is because today was
probably our busiest day of work I was
there for a long long long time and so I
didn't want it to be like yeah here's
the day in the life when it's really not
what a normal day is like so I might do
that on Wednesday or Thursday whenever
my day is more normal
you guys will see what I'm talking about
I say a half tub of salsa it's gonna
love my breath maybe Jen's like happy
guys I think it's the only reason why I
love her but one of the reasons you're
good support guys true life a day in the
life of sanika coming soon
not today not tomorrow but soon because
I forgot that this is my busiest week of
work yeah maybe we'll just do that
actually add some more ideas today at
work about that hey you got anything
else you want to say I know you guys I
just love you guys so much ask you
tomorrow hey hope schools gone well for
you guys cause while you guys can
imagine she said that today anyway so
good luck guys keep going study study
study stay in school
study study study it's not so good like
Chipotle see ya later booth time
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
