Wow I won't balloon
this guy has been kick in for the past
hour and a half isn't that right we
Skyped pop on his birthday we sing him
happy birthday and you've just been
kicking man you've been kicking coolant
making noises singing smiling isn't it
weird that I'm home is it weird to have
daddy home yeah there why you home why
um I thought you was supposed to be at
work uh uh uh is Saturday so this has
been the best Saturday morning in a
while hasn't it
it's been fun thanks to our UK friend
Jennifer she sends this cute little
outfit for him I'm glad I put it on him
now because it's gonna be small soon but
it's so cute we're not looking as much
use out of this this next couple weeks
that we can I hold close up to him they
look too big but they end up fitting him
I thought this was gonna be too big on
him but gonna be small soon so we've
gotta get him to wear as much as we can
because it's so stinking cute okay okay
okay
same goes all the words
happy weekend everybody we're on the way
it's not like to have lunch with some of
our friends that are in town and it's a
little baby-baby
so you go but hey it's all good it's
uncle Josh again sup homie
he's a Niners fan check it out
Pizza a TLD moon yeah I got dog I put it
I like I'm swag down yesterday
hide all those no shoes from his shirt
sweet - Jordan nice shirt actually steam
coming off of it right now
some fresh it is look at that Italian
fresh ingredients for us fresh Italian
and the shot is amazing
that's the CEQA ii ii monogram sustain
made from guys if you're ever in Salt
Lake what's this place called copy nor
my buddy he has a connection with them
and they're pretty awesome and we had a
chocolate fries drink I can't wait to
try it out see good yeah it's like
really yeah it's like I'm this cool
little corner more places this want to
get Josh to tell us the directions where
this is it's pretty dope dude what
where's this place located 10:35 East
2nd south of Salt Lake City Utah Salt
Lake City Utah so if your student out
here you live in the area
come try what is this a peach smoothie
peach smoothie chocolate fries put your
baby to sleep
a perfect ambiance and temperatures
that's right yeah there's probably
something going on in there so guys
check it out there's the Olympic torch
I think that's was that yeah that's
where the the Olympics round right there
at the University of Utah football
stadium that's where they play football
it's a cool torches there
sweet we're living here when the
Olympics realize the torch was like
right there
baby baby
this is usually what happens mom goes
for a run while I babysit this guy right
here I mean I'm always babysitting but
it's just me and him so I gotta make
sure he's all right supposed to be
editing right now but how can you edit
when you got this dude just like he's
just going crazy we're just hanging out
just the boys hanging out on a Saturday
just went out for pizza and got some fun
treats with our friends now we just hang
in he should be sleeping though but
instead of her just you know chatting
talking about Jackie Robinson West they
just won the Little League World Series
dude you gonna play baseball one day
what do you want to do with your life
I'm gonna play sports want to get smart
do you want to dance
Oh on the town of that binky been going
to town on that binky
we had some fun while mom was gone but
now pooped I was how fast baby's fall
asleep sometimes it's so cute
did he just couldn't help it he just
couldn't help it you wanted to be awake
and he was like yeah I just got back
from Iran and daddy did so good what
about you you ran my mouth I returned
six miles and you look like a supermodel
no I look disgusting looking at a fun
time good job dad Oh a lot of fun just
laying like you tell he was enjoying
like just playing with you then we
walked around outside for a while came
back and more food hey guys hi just I
just completed my six mile run today and
I was supposed to do five lastik by skip
this so I'd like to jump from four to
six today my body feels I'm really tired
but I did a I'm really slow my mile I've
added like two minutes on to my mile but
that's okay I got it done and I'm
sweating so bad right now this kid just
loves his daddy look at this
to have cold roundup in there you love
your daddy Noah yeah that looks comfy
yeah come on get in get in on this hug
uh-huh
so a lot of people have challenged me
for the ALS ice bucket challenge I love
the idea behind that my niece was the
last person to challenge me when I call
her up right now and see if I like
really have to do this because having it
be fun to call her I'm not sure she has
her phone anymore sometimes they take it
away from her
yeah I think they did take it away I'll
have to figure out another way to can't
go back there my hands like feel very
alien like spider like random thought of
the day alien hands alien fingers 120fps
how do you guys feel about this how do
you guys feel about me vlogging with
this everything's just like whoa whoa
whoa here we go there's been things
nicely Jen's been ignoring me all day
all night
what hey baby in there oh no calm down
James singing Jesus a thing oh Jesus up
there what kind of juice what kind of
juice not like strawberry lemonade
serving watermelon lemonade who Jenny
yeah you tried it
well I hit a sip okay alright let me
know so it's gonna be a breast don't
drink from this is Jenny thinking rennet
interesting it's interesting it's almost
like it is really a melt of strawberry
water Mon I don't know how I feel about
yet different but good
it's me more lemony and it's more water
Melanie no no that's delicious you left
me in watermelon juice never thank you
sup guys we are an hour 20 to draft time
people will be here in 20 minutes I
still have a lot of preparation going I
have my little draft Center set up right
here on the counter we got another area
here we can put some laptops sit down
got this where we can put a laptop hook
it up to the big screen so we can have
some more space there kind of like how I
have my set up power cord coming out
here if we want we can hook up another
screen and we're going to be grilling
it's just a matter of time before we
have this thing going it's our sixth
year doing fantasy football semi sweet
kind of nervous we've got draft day
jitters don't know what I'm doing yet
but it's gonna be fun Aaron Rodgers I
wouldn't spend a dime on that guy
Yeah right this has some guts yeah yeah
I just um in my fantasy charts I don't
know what to do wait is this the last
pick the last pick in the 2014 NFL Draft
uh wrapping up today's vlog
Jenna's feeding Nora right now so she's
also joining in to fall asleep Jenna's
the best mom had never met in my life
she's also the best wife in case you
guys didn't know that you guys are all
so awesome because you guys posted
enough times that tonight one snow goes
down we're doing the ice bucket
challenge with Jen I have mixed feelings
because I don't want her to be hurt but
she's sure enjoying their on that ice on
me
so love to figure that out anyways I'm
gonna post this right now I'm gonna go
shoot some hoops it's been a while since
I played basketball I gotta get ready
for round 2
we'll see you guys tomorrow
on you you're everything that I see I
want your hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you
