oh you just smiled father and son
sleeping the same way like Sam accepts
name's not really asleep any weren't
great to to match us baby how comfy
doesn't know Alexander's creepy
every time but I keep it for the whole
vlog yeah yeah yeah this is literally a
one take what one takes Sunday yep
because today is kind of busy we got
back from church not too long ago and
have my fantasy football draft in three
hours and 56 minutes I'm actually the
Commissioner of our league and I have
people coming over tonight we're gonna
be having some people here we're all
spread out around the United States this
is our sixth year doing our fantasy
football draft a lot of you guys are
women and probably don't even care
something guys out there though you
probably like yeah I know I know there's
some women that play fantasy football
that's true
do you play for an see what below yeah
no you don't this is the sixth year that
we've done it though and we have a
trophy and we have something for the
loser this year that we need to buy
tonight it's a license plate that
basically says I lost and nobody likes
me
but it's also pink but yeah we have that
going on today and I don't know if you
guys have seen it yet we did the ice
bucket challenge in the bathroom right
there when I was lame it's in the
bathtub whatever
don't drop the cooler on my head Oh
and I did it but um oh wait dude did you
wake up for the one take yeah dude you
crack me up
you're not even two months old and I
feel like you have like this hilarious
personality I love that kid did you
you're supposed to be sleeping a lot
longer today what happened you're
supposed to be sleeping right now goes
to bed really early and now he's waking
up
really early you guys like 3:00 this
morning he was also sleep at a record
time it wasn't every night at midnight
last night he went to bed at like 9:30
or 10:00 dude why you got to be so nice
to us like that huh I'm the one that's
to get up early and go to work
so did you watch the video yet the ALS
ice bucket challenge because I did it
but this little Missy right here it's
cold
Jen you have to do both you have to do
both there's enough comments if there
are at least a hundred people that say
in the comments
no there are at least a hundred people
I'm gonna post I don't know how we're
gonna do this but if 100 of you guys say
that Jen she did I think she should have
to do it it's cold do you think yes no
well I think you should participate as
well it's cold all right
they have a hundred and fifty people
comment and say yes Jen has to do this
she will do it I'm offering you up as
tribute knew that she said fine morning
he also just loves touching his face
like non-stop dude yeah it's not
touching your face so much bro we're
entering the phase of like we
second is that really my hand wait is
that my aunt allelic seven mom here's a
little bit yo some of you guys already
know this but a lot of you guys probably
don't remember Jesse Smith he's the one
with the awesome music that we include
in the vlogs all the time because he's
an awesome person and creates awesome
awesomeness
and his voice is awesome and M&S up
saying awesome he said that all of us
influenced him in putting his CD on
iTunes so now we can download it the
world doesn't need another record I am
the sky oh man yes my favorite song is a
simple Friday night which is actually
the most popular song apparently on this
album I don't have any personal
affiliation linked with him we don't
know each other personally but I think
that if you guys can and you like his
music you should go support him because
he supported us he let us see some of
his songs so I'm about to buy a CD I
don't like to buy things on Sunday but
tomorrow I'm clicking by Jesse so that
we've been a huge part in him putting a
CD up and you cannot express how
grateful he is this is not just me this
is truly because of you guys too so I
think it's awesome that we all showed a
lot of support to a talented artist and
let's continue to do so because then
he'll make more sweet songs I'll put a
link in the description to his album so
you guys can go check it out because I
know everyone's always asking I always
have a link to a SoundCloud there but
now you can check out his ID album a
little bit on iTunes Superman
dan this guy just blows my mind
why do you babies grow so fast and dude
you're wearing matching socks all grayed
out
Oh Noah gray Noah gray yeah he's just
kind of hanging out right now flying in
the bed
he loves this bed I don't want to have
to wear a helmet all the helmets are
cool cool yeah eat the bed eat the bed
my pits is completely ripped what the
crab no I'm not showing my underwear
what the heck why do my pants always rip
in the crotch area why did I turn I turn
the camera off
dang it this is not truly a one take and
my pants rip right when I turn the
camera off
straight up oh my goodness gracious I
love these pants okay hear that bird
turned into sleepy time I got crazy guys
look don't worry I walked him to make
sure his nose does it no I did what into
the bed he just passed out he's supposed
to be straightening his neck oh you just
smiled father-and-son sleeping the same
way it's like Sam except Sam's not
really asleep anywhere great two two
matches baby how come he doesn't know it
look Sam there's creepy look how cute
I'm a nap I woke up a lot last night
that's right
put him fighting that me how long can he
just keep the camera in his face lay
sleeping so yes since we recorded two
videos technically today are posting two
videos I just want you guys a quick
update on Monday so we're gonna post the
weekend vlog on Monday but on Monday
we're burnin court something I just have
this idea like doing a day in the life I
know that's what a daily vlog is but I'm
a truly document like kind of like give
a time-lapse of every hour and what
normally goes on it's not what a daily
one is yeah but it's not like I like
have the camera on me when I wake up I'm
gonna secretly put a timer on the camera
so it captures my waking no it's gonna
be good you'll see what I'm
understanding I'm saying have you like
every single minute play me like a live
Truman Show webcam we go huge these
nectarines are target you guys will see
what I'm talking about
I mean just trust me on here it would be
cool I just want you guys to get like a
real glimpse I'm gonna show me like
editing in the show like this and that
it'll be fun
I'll even show how I edit and just the
behind the scenes I guess is what it
will be yeah dance actually one already
do that I feel like everybody's talking
about my tax pants I got my time it's I
got my tapping sounds we need our tight
pants under won't you popped my balloon
I won't you buy my balloon having been
named
new datum new data that's something like
that yeah I know my day in the life
might not make sense to you guys yet but
I think it will all come together nicely
oops sorry but sorry
guys as always one vlog or one video is
better than none and two videos in this
case even if they're both short are
better than none too right mm-hmm so
hope you guys are having a great Sunday
hope you're having a great weekend this
has been a nice relaxing weekend for you
I think I've had back-to-back nights of
eight hours of sleep do I have any bags
nice permanent decks right launch up to
25 parent bags where are you Maze Runner
chapter 25 when you did I did take a
little while to get halfway through I
don't know there's like sixty three
chapters or something okay so should we
read to chapter thirty and then have
like a discussion yeah okay if you're
reading Maze Runner with us read the
chapter thirty if he has any we're
talking about watch the preparing for
vloggerfair blog where we talked about a
book club that we're gonna do uh-huh
yeah it took like 16 chapters to get
good but now it's really good perfect
alright guys that's been our little
ghetto one take for today we will see
you guys tomorrow we love you and
remember post in the comments because
Jenny needs to do the OS oh right I
think she needs double dare dare what's
the same for dare drug against something
once
no loans professor here so try to get
her to do whole social world is peer
pressuring each other we're just showing
you didn't do something nice you
actually have a friend whose mom
actually has ALS so I will be doing I
feel like a lot of people know someone
so it's it's definitely hitting home
with a lot of people so I think I just
Oh what the that in bugs all right guys
I need to go home
on you do everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
