hey guys it's Sam and today we're doing
the ALS ice bucket challenge Noah is
currently crying because he says I'm
sorry do that so many people have
challenged me it's for a good cause to
bring awareness some people out there
Sarah maybe doesn't cry he is in fact
crying because he is worried for me and
this challenge let's get it set up I
would normally do this outside I wanted
to do it on the basketball court but
since we have a baby and someone has to
watch the baby and we can't just leave
him inside by himself and yeah you're
probably saying you should put them in
the carrier so now anyways this is this
is just how we're gonna do it because
it's kind of fussy and I gotta get this
done alright this water freezing hole
fill up the cooler come on come on come
on all right I got my camera set up we
only have one I strayed you have some
ice cream I could put in it or smoothie
mix or spicy chicken fingers but I do
have this ice that I've been prepping
maybe I'll put a little wintergreen
smooth mint gum in there as well because
gum makes everything cold stupid idea
all right the bucket is full and ready
to go I personally wish I could donate
more to everything everything that's
good and great but what I'm going to do
is donate all the revenue that we get
from this video even though we're not
going to get a milling gajillion views
but it will be something and I'm going
to donate that to the AOS foundation so
that we can help out and chipotle if
you're watching this which you're not
you should double my donation which
unfortunately you probably won't because
you're probably not watching this disney
live yea though there are some people
that are against this it's definitely
for a good cause i'm going to post a
link to my favorite video that talks
about a OS AKA Lou Gehrig's disease and
you guys can check it out because I
learned a lot more about it even though
I thought I need a lot about it so watch
that video in the description is no
affiliation with me it's actually a
video by ESP and I think it's really
good I'm letting Jen do this because I
think you will not only make her feel
happy but also other people have
so I knew best of water my husband's
head oh let's do this I know it's lame
it's in the bathtub whatever don't drop
the cooler on my head oh my guess this
is a disaster oh it's almost fake how
that been so nice okay guys I was not
many about a lot of people have people
on Instagram that Austin dude Big C and
most recently my niece and her best
friend and so we're doing this and I
nominate my mom and dad and my sister
Lindsay huh ready okay that gun is a
little
I'll be amendment the lid way to get you
wet uh yeah I want the freaky with the
razor blades coming out on me Oh baby is
a group that's the razor blades in the
water now it's that s fine oh my that's
a wrap oh yes yeah take it uh turn up
take it off take it up just so fun going
on
on you do everything that I see our Joe
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you
