bula where'd you get these get
acetaminophen see it is me professor
dammit I
hi good morning to you too sunshine good
morning you guys these cheeks are so fun
to kiss Joe fun to kiss you like to
sleep in I want to get that from
you get that from us huh he's trying to
talk to everyone anything else one of
Noah's girlfriend just tell me to visit
today and we are so excited huh oh
that's just baby sneezes are the cutest
guess who's coming to play baby bees
yeah yeah yeah yeah dance me I dance
around my friends Jen and Joni from up
and Logan they actually were our
neighbors you guys might remember than
they've been in videos and stuff yes I
got a chance to pregnant with we got two
pregnant women in the same room of the
food burns how far along are you guys 14
minutes come out everybody needs to try
it
they're coming to town today and I'm so
happy because I still haven't met their
baby girl they had oh my gosh she's a
month old I think she's over a month old
well okay whatever it doesn't my whole
dude I met her yet and I'm very upset
about that so I'm very happy they're
coming to town and know was excited to
see her and meet her huh you're getting
so big it's gonna be weird seeing a
smaller baby huh yeah you are you guys
looking at me looks like a big boy but
he's very excited to see you ada
you're just kicking me are you just
kicking me so happy Friday we could have
friends come over I'm so excited to see
them we haven't seen them oh and a
couple like okay the last time we saw
them he is only two weeks old yeah it's
been a while and also update on the new
bed situation he's actually doing really
well man I don't know what his deal is
but he likes to stay awake around
midnight still do we cup do you cover
your baby tooth blanket like a blanket I
don't know i under the AC unit and I'm
just you know just a fish out the AC off
at night and that way was like cover him
but whenever I get him out in the
morning he has like freezing hand his
own nose is so cold and I just feel so
bad I don't want to be cold how many of
you guys use the magic sleep suit Sam's
sister loved it for her baby so we're
kind of tempted to get one especially
when we move him to his crib but in a
couple weeks and if you ever used a
magic sleep suit let me know if you have
because this guy hates to be swaddled
and in the magic sleep suit you don't
have to swaddle them they can just have
their arms and legs whatever I take a
full body suit it look like a snow suit
actually what a magic sleep flu Noblet
bed that lit up magic sleep suit give me
give me it give me it
ah he smiles the most after I like
getting dressed and stuff or when he's
like just lying in bed but then there's
the day it's not much
who's he look more like today me or Sam
I don't think he looks like me today I
don't know who knows look at that hair
look at all that hair
yeah you're not both anymore whoo-hoo
and it makes me very happy that didn't
shave his head because look at all this
hair is still here and now if I had
shaved it that would all be gone and
he'd only have this top hair so I'm very
happy I didn't listen to people and
didn't shave his head oh they'll
probably see pictures and be like Oh mom
I'm so ugly you do a bald baby well that
time before friends come over three
weeks apart separated at birth which
ones Noah from the heads it's like I'm
trying to relax like he's all torso and
not as much like I think just have a
long way to sleep who are you who are
you
come on dad just scratch yourself you
both so happy right now your hands hola
me Princesa como estas
saludos get acetaminophen
willing tonight baby look at that oh my
goodness I treat yourself
treat yourself it's the weekend totally
go have some vegan hashtag shot of my
dad hashtag did that thing out the
camera lens passed out as I'm cooking up
my pork I wasn't yet some salmon
celebrate the weekends and then I was
like oh that's too expensive so then I
spent too much money on a steak and
chicken whoo okay you know how to make
something unhealthy more and healthy but
ah that's a good steak right there
ladies and gents goodness skies perfect
cook right there look at that look at
that look at that oh my goodness laughs
a pheasant on my head you have you do
look I'm hiding in it I'm hiding in your
Bush hair let's see if I can't look hey
guys I got those leggings really I'm
looking for my son
leggings for my son
well it should guys wear leggings looks
like huge the baby see these legs are so
yeah I wasn't going to tell you if I
told you
Tyler just got a really long flogging
stick I'm trying to use my arm it's it's
just not the same it makes my room look
really funny no one's taking a nap hey
have you guys seen enough baby footage
for one day I think I have added enough
baby footage for one day what am I gonna
do now is probably do the ALS ice bucket
challenge
Austin challenged me a lot of you guys
did on Instagram and most recently my
niece and her one of her best friends so
we're gonna go do that right now
probably I know it's like the trendy
thing to do and a lot of people are kind
of upset about that for some reason
which is kind of silly because it has
brought a lot of awareness and money for
something that's important so that's
cool as far as the challenge part goes I
wish it was a little bit more intense I
wish I had like something elaborate like
a whole waterfall of cold water to throw
myself the funny part is it's I don't
know if it's not really a funny for two
years of my life when I was in the
Dominican Republic I was basically doing
this to myself every single day pouring
on cold water didn't have ice in it it
was a little colder than lukewarm though
that's for sure Jenn's watching her
teeny bopper shows and are you you belly
oh yeah we get high school what is this
called no you see me know I don't even
know if that is anyways I hope you guys
had a good day I hope you're having a
wonderful weekend we sure appreciate
your guys's support and I go to work
every single day we just do our thing
and we share it with you guys the cool
part is is that we are getting closer to
the 50,000 subscribers which means
another dance party and this time with
Noah it's gonna be awesome so guys get
you dancin I mean we're so we're still a
ways away but start practicing because
we're gonna have to start doing that
again more submissions more dancing more
music it's gonna be a good time anyways
have a great weekend we'll see you guys
later Bruce just one fun
on you you're everything that I see I
want your hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you
