easy this week's target all brought to
you by : key its Cullen Cullen right
right :
dude I always that's like someone saying
it's Sam
let's see what we got tonight we got
tired of battling crazy we got target
huh yeah yo but don't forget about them
guys he is wearing a three-month-old
onesie yeah it's a little big like
around his legs but lengthwise it fits
him perfectly every other ones you guys
anyway onion like zero to three has been
like a little tight like from he's like
his torso it's fun because he's getting
bigger but it's sad because he's getting
bigger he's not even two months old yet
and he's wearing three-month-old clothes
he's a long baby look at you hi my
baby's not a baby you're all smudgy it's
really weird having the old camera huh
no like I'm not used to it dad's old
camera today sad beat and like I said
yesterday we were upgrading we were
getting rid of the rock and play which
isn't really sad but he's just too long
for it like he fits in it B's just too
long so we've upgraded to the pack and
play but you're a big boy for your age
oh you're a big boy good morning new
smiles for everybody oh hey good morning
whoa he's in smiling now when I say I
love you in eternity
hi I love you I love you so I'm just
watching project one right blah blah
blah blah blah blah I was watching
Project Runway and look who is the guest
judge come in it's come in crazy a
youtube sensation is on Project Runway
can you guys believe that go girl you go
Bethany Jesus awesome you believe that
guys that's me it's on Project Runway
she's going places that girl look at
that beautiful sky oh my goodness that's
awesome
the temperature is definitely starting
to drop fall is definitely near how many
times can I say definitely definitely a
couple times I think I can say it
definitely
yeah this guy actually loves the car
seat and fell asleep in the car he was
super fussy we put him in the car seat
you just started chilling like it was
his I don't know his throne go on the
drive two seconds later he's asleep
I like how they pair the Cheetahs next
to the video games that's for what do
you think that combination cheetahs
cheetah fingers and a video game
controller so cute
we need to get Jen a jogging stroller
although even the thought of pushing a
stroller and running terrifies me for
some reason cuz flat you tip forward or
something
I don't know yeah if you tip though it's
just like terrifying like if you hit a
rock and you're like that's why they
have you big rubber wheels I know but
you're saying you just can use the one
we have oh yeah we might just have to
keep you on the treadmill for now or
I'll watch him as she goes running
there's a new flavor of pumpkin
in Iceland Iceland or was it oh my gosh
no wait what city wait I can't remove it
country it's a No
Australia
did you guys know that Blake not only
films for che but also has his own food
line so you guys know that yeah he's got
shepherd's pie qing about pied tuna
noodle casserole Tater Tot hot dish well
it actually looks pretty good
times we like buying these like plug in
things you know Glade and stuff but
they're so expensive so we do it
probably like once every two months but
what's your guys favorite smell what
does your house smell like give you that
one I love how these cookies or crackers
I mean they're called entertainment
cracker assortment and the truth is is
you only eat the house when you're
entertaining like that's the only time I
ever have them when we have company over
and we're getting some like cheese bread
yeah I don't know whatever you want to
dip it in dill oh my goodness
yes not charge on those
guys this is what I'm talking about 99
cents for self/psyche elegant they think
he is crying because you hey we just got
done who shot their target
yeah I was supposed to go do my cross
range today I didn't do it that's okay
I'll crush noon tomorrow and I have a
long run on tactic since the dum-dum and
Kato everything back in the car babe
your hand your hands in a cup of
circulation the baby needed to eat so I
couldn't help oh my gosh you're crazy
oh it looks painful they look crazy
this week's target I brought to you by
goeco here let's see what we got tonight
we got tire bottling crazy we got target
huh yeah sure dude oh look at this
massive target hall not even $100 nope
not even a honey because we too plugged
up
y'all want me to pull these just like
out of bag one at a time let me use
instead ready for this it's time for
some magic whoa wait where happened
he's been saving his poop all day mega
blowout and I'd show you guys he's been
saving all day for that targets special
yeah it's a price cut it's a blowout
everybody well at least he likes bath
time he seriously has had to poop he's
been working that poops all day long
like literally guys all day he finally
got it out it just was an explosion
wasn't it dad you guys saw it it was
definitely an explosion okay dressed
that kid must be eating groceries from
Walmart because I have to blow out that
big you can only get savings like that
at Target back to the hall let's go yeah
the hall and the hall
yeah yo we got the quick haul go wind
down steal of the day salsa Caliente hat
$1 some clearance burritos we got some
yogurts ingredients for something good
fruit leathers Parmesan cheese you got
your Ritz Grill pesto chicken wood-fired
quest Pete raspberry mingle lemonade I
know there's a lot of haters out there
that I'd be like yo it says no
preservatives no fillers but that's of
bad for you but for $3 spicy chicken is
going though we got some popcorn chicken
some honey bunches and notes Lean
Cuisine nectarine
Gatorade low-fat milk some of that whole
wheat bread popcorn chicken some more
rice cakes Extra gum smooth mint bananas
and my voices official a and no yang yo
but don't forget about them
that was today's target grocery haul
brought to you by : and Katie do you
guys like the grocery hauls it's kind of
a joke I kind of do it as a joke but
it's kind of fun to rate oh oh man I've
been so annoying in this blog guys it's
time to end today I said wasn't me up
early but I wanted to come home and hang
out with my fam I took a quick nap we
also had some company over so I decided
it real quick put this together ending
it right now
this guy it's not even midnight dude
dude it's not even midnight
it's not even midnight dang it I love
them so much
mmm love my family I love my family cut
we love you guys and we will see you
guys tomorrow we're gonna bring the mail
back remember a lot of things back and I
might do the ALS bucket challenge
because I've been challenged a lot of
times to do that and I guess it's time
All Right see you later please
on you you're everything that I see our
Joe hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
