hey basketball good let's up it I got my
pizza eat that right bubby
this think I was seriously so much fun
we have a blast just like meeting our
family and like just hanging out with
everyone else like all the other daily
vloggers and stuff it was a great time
it was a good time just meeting new
people and hanging out and and seeing
the city really because it was like a
little vacation for us - it was a good
um but now back to reality unfortunately
and I'm blurry again lovely hey but are
you happy to be home
look who's smiley baby you guys he's not
bald anymore he's officially not both
cuz he has over a centimeter of hair
tomorrow what's up guys we're back back
in our apartment and time back to being
completely sleep-deprived we got back
late last night my head to get the vlog
edited I edited super fast
I tried to include every single person
that we met putting clips posted it then
realized I didn't even put a video like
in the end slate oh I make mistakes all
the time definitely not perfect but then
I had to go to bed and I don't think I
fell asleep - like 3:30 or 4:00 and then
I had to be a worker
7 so I got three hours of sleep if that
and it was really fun and now I probably
have bags under my eyes again whoops
even though I'm tired this is definitely
what life is all about
ain't that right bubby ain't that right
guys I do this for my family it's not
easier to get up and go to work in the
morning when you have someone like this
that you gotta take care of look at that
face look at that that's gonna take care
of it right even though I'm exhausted
and I was an idiot for running 525 miles
and staying up late to get vlogs up and
getting no sleep this guy right here and
this girl they okay I gotta work I love
my fam I haven't decided yet if I'm
training for the half marathon so I got
this donut and Jen's training so
every one because I know she like would
want it but she also hates when I get it
for its like to double its sort that's
food
everybody's talking about my dad pants
I got my leg lamp
everything's a type and no okay I get my
anybody's talking about my hi hey fine
there's growing back you guys look he's
not bald anymore you see that I feel
like you screw up on this weekend trip
look at look at his thighs are getting
all chunky lover ha ha
dad gets an A for babysitting while mom
went and ran in this dude we went for a
walk and he just thought that he would
had so much energy and I was like we'll
just go for a walk
did he just like moving now so when I
was walking around with him he just kind
of got a little oh and then all Sun's up
I just got back from my run and I come
into the bedroom do this same I was
trying to put him on but no got comfy
right there guys I just did four miles
I always stopped just open the door for
Sam because I'm behind I'm twisted like
around like five miles this weekend or
something I'm just trying to catch up
and so I knew I had to do all four miles
it was hard during it felt good though I
like I did only I ate like an hour
before I ever had those so I kind of how
are you guys doing on your training let
me know or just if you're doing active
stuff just let me know also
but book club update where are you how
far are you guys I have been reading
while I'm running so I believe I just
hit chapter 11 and it's getting pretty
good so let me know where you guys are
and we'll talk about it soon Kate's got
you Superman PJs on yeah doing so good
Bubba keep going if you missed any of
the vloggerfair vlogs go check him out
it was a really exciting weekend we
loved every single person we met we've
said a lot of times even the crazy ones
seriously we love you guys yo YouTube
fam this blog has been a mess we're just
getting back in the thick of things you
saw a lot of baby footage it's been a
minute like even though we were in
Seattle I didn't feel like we filmed a
little man all the time but we're back
I'm gonna try and get my upload schedule
better again I'm gonna try and get this
video up earlier I'm trying to get a
video up earlier tomorrow we're gonna go
out and have adventures because this guy
he's proved oh wow Jenica is live
blogging his toots we learned anything
from vlogger fair we learned a lot of
things but one thing is if this guy is
ready for a couple of adventures huh you
ready to climb Everest he's like
the binky's I don't think so
I'm excited my family's come out soon
and Jen's family's coming out soon and
holidays Thanksgiving Christmas
Halloween oh I'm gonna miss summer but
the fall is gonna be so much fun and
leading up to that as well so let's get
things poppin hello my sister she's in
the ball class I'll tell you when I'll
tell you when anyways that was maybe we
should do a Salt Lake meet up at some
point before it gets too cold I know
something I just want to do that so
let's do it hey I'd let the camera we'll
see you guys tomorrow
peace bye guys love you headbutt the
camera head bet the camera head back the
camera song
on you you everything that I see our
Johar love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you
