about to her for a run with che he runs
I don't it's five miles he runs fast I
don't they're in been good living with
Oliver and a half marathon with Jen this
will be my test do it
look I gotta pee did it
yo yo I'm rapping about the Space Needle
we just came down cuz we came the flow
can you tell I put a piece or didn't go
really hikes I want to be the highest
sorry I've ever seen them Sam just ran
five miles now he's gonna put gum for it
now okay see how you can get it it's
that kind of disintegrated workout gum
you know touch the wall look at this
wall hey guys what's up shake Karl hair
really close come down here look at this
go this is the gum wall in Seattle if
you've never been here it is just gum
okay I just pushed on this at point x
one do this yeah just oh there's a bees
on it he's gonna pollinate the gum wall
you guys look nature he's looking for
like weird that cherry where's that
cherry mmm I love cherry cherries my
favorite oh look at that bee is so happy
right now this is a great shot Sam put
this on youtube
okay that's cool look at him yes good
run guys
five point five miles in the book I'm a
widow I've slowly had a woman down first
I'm running and like I don't know how
long we gotta start somewhere
guys I'm hanging out with Izzy my cousin
she's from Washington too and she came
out to say hi we were trying to figure
out one of those last time we saw each
other it's been forever
she's awesome she has cool Instagram
videos everything listen to the coolest
music and it's probably my favorite
second cousin but don't tell my other
say yeah CheY decided to talk me into
going over a run this morning and was I
don't like it doesn't 3rd time ever run
in my life but it happened and we
actually ran down here and it was
beautiful
there's also a Hempfest going on right
now and I was thinking about wearing my
dare shirt to it just standing there
we're here a public market you guys have
seen that like I feel like this is a
staple of Seattle take in the tourist
attractions today
those berries like fresh and good
another thing I don't recommend a 5-mile
run don't eat anything because this is
the first thing I've had today slam a
lot harder to eat them all I got this
absolutely beautiful day people say this
is hot for Seattle I'm sweating and it's
kind of work so not like cloudian
apparently you can drive your car down
the strip farmers market this is like my
dad this is a vegans yeah gum yourself
my gum is up there I tell them that that
lady's hair gets stuck on that then
picture yeah there is a lady who's here
goes all right Jen is funny no don't put
down the glass though
guys were about alibi room alla be their
old man's feeling good we start with
finished all the berries it's become a
healthy as the magic maybe touch this is
the most he's ever made noises I think
two seconds ago he's about to cry in my
arms I hit him over and it's like yep
I'm good
no I I made the mistake of trying to
jump up and touch it and then I came
down
I blog on Danny's blog village and a lot
of you guys sign but some of you guys
are like you look embarrassed so just
having a good time
this is like the actual place where they
throw fish yes it's going down
oh my god yes
oh now he's next
so people here guys bitch the question
is
everyone just seems to be standing
around
that would be no really those it's one
of the most fundamental stores I've ever
been in specially because Tyler's here
looking at scripts
you got Arrested Development violent
yeah
Doctor Who hold on let me get the better
show yep definitely Hallows part-2
Twilight which I've never watched you
got all these different lip balms and
yeah okay you could actually get out of
my show it's better than my wife's face
in this video where I was like eh
collectibles you got like Thor's hammer
Star Wars stuff yeah and this is this
must be what Comic Cons like maybe do it
the comic-con sir it's like all the
things that are like major fandoms all
that kind of stares a lot of different
with each other there it's a bottle
opener
unless we do for the nerdy alcoholics
Star Wars they're young yeah there's an
r2d2 bottle they even have a grumpy cat
stuffed animal
back for round two
this is round two the last time and in
the shoulder
stuff like this right now
super to Seattle culture right here and
its finest people with big beards
joining together for pictures
oh my gosh do you believe in magic this
is cherry plums and donut peaches it
looks like a tomato this is what
happened just now Tyler took this
picture dope all coming to an end baby
don't worry
can you vlogging you vlogging nope okay
someone told me a blog referred ask
anyone with a camera a domestic or
anything like that he wasn't hey guys
we're done up here here's the ferris
wheel there it is
give it some Tyler slug you don't even
need to watch me just like this
yeah we're not gonna go up in the ferris
wheel but we probably will go up in the
Space Needle so
but you notice something new every day
fresh gum and cool art I guess that one
looks like it's like in here with an
earring yeah I'm different than try to
Tyler there's my monorail shot right
there
yeah I'm not thinking that I don't know
if you can hear this but uh that guy's
going ham on that flute right now but I
just need zoom in on that he's going ham
you ever seen a commercial for the World
Cup
Brazilian ban
we're going through the
with you chump I finally uncovered the
key arena which I've been wondering
about like practically underground I'm a
wittle baby the very right or the how he
barely or the Dingle belly or the
sprinkle the sprinkles evil berry the
other seasons survivor has really and
that is the soundtrack to that little
place where we used to go in some days
we did two meters we'll have a
competition to see who can chat for
longer cuz every
he's getting stronger we can swim all
day and that's tonight we're coming home
till the moon shines till them let's go
back to that little place where we used
to go in the summer days the lodge by
the water stone my favorite place and
like a come every year and it would
change
really no what do you think is a speech
go oh jeez a picture thank you mate
alright I'll bring you back I'll bring
you back
there's the Space Needle look at all
those flight paths and those planes
flying in that's all
oh my oh my look at Jen gonna space you
know guys this professional lighting fo
try to hold it behind your camera so I
finally up the idea that we relied on Y
right close-up magic close-up magic
magic
we're not take a picture I did so I
really found haven't really thought much
about the camera all day
that we try to view please any questions
why did they end the world fair what's
that like why don't we build cool things
like this anymore I think it still
happens yeah bye
I don't think that
so space needles right there we were
just oh where oh now we're down and we
had a good day yeah I kind of that chat
convicted less yeah so see this new
system that we have my dress so boy now
that we have this light everything
doesn't want to PD anything yo yo I'm
rapping about the Space Needle we just
came down because we came the flow hotel
room this is the crisps Tyler Shelton
version yeah yeah you know we got the TV
I'm usually just chilling in the jacuzzi
straight chillin mom changed my diaper
now yeah a little
oh I meant to throw that same space give
back
well guys another day in Seattle down it
was so much fun it was such a great day
seriously we are so tired I sometimes
it's almost 1:00 we just came up from
the lobby just fun to like it's really
fun to hang out with everyone and we've
had a blast
we really had oh great it's been such a
great weekend Judaism you harsh reality
when I got to go back to work 7:00 a.m.
this dude he's all tuckered out love you
guys good night I will see you tomorrow
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
