mine put me on the spot I consider my
Sierra filter arts I've been waiting my
whole life for this
is here we're going our first trip all
right that Richard we're all part 20
curbside checking still engine can be
the earlier Jesus waiting in there for
an hour I got an errand had to get on
our flight here we go baby through
security in two seconds
yeah he's just snoozing completely
passed out so here we go Romans first
flight still got like an hour before we
board
maybe you're the first of the flight
use me up bodies more I see legs too
Hevesi type so sweet
oh man
because I was bones
I was born
the verses shame when the sun's come
there
from my lips is unfamiliar sir ladies
and gentlemen welcome to Seattle of time
is approximately 11:10 a
we made it
yes
like this thing first thing we see
Starbucks
that's all you can think of and I smell
like take picture and say welcome and
welcome to sunny Seattle since it's more
like just kidding
the typical this is a o-type Seattle
where it's cloudy and raining yeah I've
only been here in the movies and it's
exactly the same I feel like I'm gonna
see vampires or something are you guys
we're here at know what's arrived and
now is there any way where you wake
which I know you would because now it's
this time to wake up usually during the
day hey guys so for a ride which is Joe
which is really nice of them and Colin
and Katie you were supposed to with us
but ministers like apparently they miss
their place see you guys soon
those cheeks
I just wants the editor : like pop out
of the trees right now
sparkly oh yeah honey guys
and the baseball stadium
not really sure with me it to the hotel
policy we made two hotel reading through
leathers and I'm hanging out with people
that have never been to the United
States before look at looking at change
wait that's the American one and this is
the Canadian one I don't even recognize
the American and what's the Tunis from
$2 dollar oh this is a 21 and older
hotel so we had to really you know fight
to get him in here
these are ready to go and party a what's
up what's up what's up we've made it
we're in our room look at that cool like
tear this right there
and people washing or painting little
man's already getting situated let's see
I'm supposed to have a pack and play
which I don't see yet but and Liz gave
us some cookies and sweets and the
sweetest like si Racha pan look at that
that's awesome
this whole pattern is tiny the lighting
here is very harsh
this man's already had his first kind of
like blowout Oh super tired we are now
going to hang out at Austin's meet up so
some of you guys might be there it's
very fun and Austin and I have never met
so I mean we've met but we haven't so
what's the meaning for you guys to and
to this hotel like it
so any good sir planning it so I didn't
have this tree because over there
see Tyler and Hayley are coming in :
just like came up on us so we didn't
even see him so I want to sneak up on
them I'm sick of people sneaking up on
me that moment you know no one sees and
notice here and then everyone goes to
give a hug and like oh there's the baby
there too
because I'm worried about this logging
and seemly
because I have not been prepared for
something people saying to us I just
think it's
whoa look at that guys it's been like a
20 minute and with a baby it's been 20
minutes don't work out before a blogger
fair
Seahawks man we've made to the fountain
we see what appears to be a group of
families which you know would usually
mean meet up but apparently isn't
spotted
so huge I love it I tell you one thing
though
I'm here with Sam's dope camera because
it's so fly and I don't know what else
to say
I'm just a weird guy anything yet yeah
we're not talking we're not looking at
each other we're not talking still his
camera right here what's your name
and she's reppin team Sam cuz it's going
down he blogs wait you have a channel to
don't you yeah what is it
Josh thanks dynasty Josh texana see he's
from Utah team Sam we've got a lot of
team sense here we got one one team
Austin over there but don't even look at
it there's the team Sam still here the
team Sam
Eric TV 365 who you with team Sam yeah
I mean that's just no no I was about to
ask him why it seems Sam but like we
don't know we need ever tell you because
I think it's in Boston has enough liquor
this build right now shows the depth of
the legs but he has the list Spotify it
was like music yeah there you go
but someday shall have a shirt maybe
these guys they may not play basketball
did this shower here look at there's a
huge stop all these people with their
cameras isn't that weird don't you think
people are like why are they run coming
mom's in the house right now
I feel like I know that was kind of
overwhelming I need to do a better job
of vlogging
we're meeting people I don't like to
always vlog when I meet someone for the
first time so now it's time to party Oh
whirring we're just eating you're from
each other we'll talk in one direction
in the other person you're that patient
maybe I'll respond this is the artsy
shot actually write something about
basically the girls end up taking a lot
of diapers
bill has only his diaper smell I was
just
this is a nacho nacho honestly I don't
think Noah is this comfortable in my
arms look at this look where we are
right underneath the space now you guys
ever seen an off-duty trooper set to
work - okay I got to do work yeah hey
guys tomorrow basketball game team Sam
or team Austin or team Austin - awesome
imma let it all go team I'll let it all
go let's do it then yep
no but actually he'd be in the earlier
and he said team awesome yeah that was
me team Sam right thank you
there we go see you guys tonight
guys we made the blogger fair and
everywhere you look it's just art
everywhere I'm making art right now look
at this I consider my Sierra filter art
art art
ours Oh another really arts everywhere
you look seriously we go this it's
insane
did you know they know that's a thing
that's the thing we finally met he been
waiting my whole life
they're awarded in the shower
good time going on it's just doing daddy
duty you're actually not supposed to
bother these things
it's like your first thing meeting but
it
Joe give me a ride today yeah yeah this
guy honestly
guys longer take longer day I wasn't
they water day he said even seen the
block to them he said VidCon like I know
I remembered last night I like tonight
say VidCon I met vloggerfair I realized
that last night fog repair day one it's
in the books and it was so fun it really
was so good to like see everyone in the
flesh and not just through this we've
done a lot today
he's definitely over stimulated he just
doesn't know what to do right now he's
just super fussy I feel so bad for him
he's just tired but yeah he's not
feeling too hot but he says he's done
them really really well anyway it was
super fun I had such a great night great
day and in the night I get some room
service
yeah we wouldn't normally no no we're
just not prepared to go out and get
anything else right now especially with
him yeah oh yeah no all right night is
basically yeah our next um he's just not
feeling not so we've never worked a room
first
I've never to room tours in my entire
life and we're already moved is very
simple because we don't want to go out
and try to find something in the dark
streets of Seattle so it was a great day
guys and she's eating my thug life
here's her room service we had this
sloppy Cicero it's like a sloppy joe
with fries potatoes that are just
potatoes good but wow do you think $11
$11 rasmus tape it oh yeah yes yeah I
haven't had $11 mashed potatoes because
my mom's are like $1,000 because it's
all good there
I am absolutely exhausted I'm also
married to the best girl in the whole
world yeah
honestly this girl does like so much
more work of me than me with this guy
and I've had like this great I'm just
running around having fun and Jen's know
taking care of her
teamwork it was really she's truly she's
awesome we had a lot of fun it's been
really fun to meet people make internet
friends become real friends Austin I
mean he's all right to know we actually
have all uncommon which is kind of scary
sometimes anyways it was so fun through
the fun day yep I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye you ever think that I see
y'all Joe love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
