hey get ready to go you excited are you
excited you're excited to go to Seattle
yeah you excited look at you packing
packing all by yourself you put your
diapers in the bag
got your clothes your blanket way to go
but you need to go yeah well you have to
sleep one more night and then we'll go
okay
so much to do so much to do and I need
to finish packing the only thing I
packed so far is this supersonic set
that's it are you packing figure out
what to put in the diaper bag because in
it I know we're packing for three people
now right everything as you guys know
Jenica loves to read she reads a million
books it's been hard because now I don't
have time and like that time I do have a
gonna breast feeding but I don't have
lot hands and you guys might have known
that we've wanted to start a book club
because we like interacting with you
guys we wanna have one where you can
meet like on Google Hangouts and stuff
like that can you guys give us a ton of
suggestions and we're excited because we
were able to team up with audible so we
could get our book club going guys
I love a lot comments leading provider
for audiobooks 50,000 I know I was on
there looking the other day like
browsing your brother brothers they have
everything like fix your not fiction
everything like Jen said it's hard to
have our hands-free so it's really easy
to listen to one whether you're in the
car on a flight which is what I'm gonna
do tomorrow or when you're breastfeeding
like me because it doesn't have a light
the cool thing is that the pizza audible
are sanika fans and they're like hey we
wanna help you guys out so they're
giving us the opportunity for us to get
free audiobooks if we sign up for trial
their service Jenna and I had a big
debate about which book we wanted to
read first for our book club which one
was it
we went between what Maze Runner and The
Giver yeah and we decided on yeah we're
probably gonna do they give her next so
if you guys only get that book to go for
it but we're gonna start with The Maze
Runner The Maze Runner is an awesome
book where I've just barely started to
read it well I've been able to read at
night now so I'm lunch up to three for
those of you who haven't read it it's
kind of like Hunger Games divergent just
kind of like exciting and so I like
those kind of books I it's one of those
books that you just like have to finish
through I'm sure I'll finish it well I
don't have enough time on the plane but
I'll come close to catching it well and
movies coming out soon so read it before
the movie I always love doing that so
guys if you want to be a part of the
book club go to audible.com slash
sanika it's super easy you'll be able to
get a free book credit and then you can
get the Maze Runner for free you can
download it on your phone watch this
alone guys it's cool because they have
an app on your phone so you can just
download the book right there and listen
to it and you can even listen to it
offline if you're like on an airplane
Amica and get the book join a book club
and then I think there's a book leave
suggestions for what you guys watch the
preview right now oh no that's not
actually guys we're excited audible
wants to team up or excite about our
book club so check it out I put the link
in the description and we'll start
reading together more like listening
which is a lot cooler blah I'll finish
packing when I get home from work which
means like tonight it like 3 a.m.
see you buddy mmm mmm morning guys it's
small it's almost afternoon but I had to
do my second ear training and it was
hard because I'm so sore it was like a
good sore is a bug yeah I used some
muscles to say
J'son across training days I was trying
to find my insanity tapes that I cannot
find them anywhere I don't know where I
put them so Sam maybe he knows I don't
know it's holding a box still packed
away um so I just went online and did a
Jillian Michaels 30-minute dab workout
and it was hard
guys I'm on the shape towards it guys
you'll feel so good if you workout why
don't I do I feel really good you do you
know you do it at your own pace do I
look tired
let's see bags yep that's him back than
demise my friend Alexis killin it man
she's going on a 10-mile bike ride today
I wish I had a bike that's one thing I
do wish I had was a bike that's okay
cross-training in the house while baby
sleeps and that's just as good tomorrow
I think is my actual rest day so that's
nice because we're actually flying to
VidCon boy Seattle tomorrow today we've
got to get our stuff packed which is
hard because it's the first time we're
like like going on a trip with a baby to
make shoot what do I pack I would say
besides what's another feel word for
anyway got my awesome tat for VidCon
cupcake focus on my cupcake there we go
today I look like my cupcake I am
officially off work and now we just get
the
done there's so much to do we got a pack
I got to get new contacts I got to get
this hair trimmed maybe there's just a
lot of a lot of things to do so
hopefully we'll get everything done and
not be up super late but this guy he's
excited aren't you excited aren't you
excited hopefully they have a bed for
you
well you know I've never been to Seattle
before I actually haven't been to many
places but I've heard it's pretty nice
hopefully it's sunny and that torini
it's Mickey yeah that's how I feel right
now hi guys I'm so happy can't wait you
guys what no we didn't know we didn't do
do we mother clean it you did what -
tell Toller say love me man
mom I told him to lay here with me we
are resting before we pack okay
yeah what is it what's up YouTube fam I
just got some contact so now my mom can
rest easy knowing that my eyes won't
just eat themselves away got a couple
boxes and also now if I was a contact
while I'm in Seattle everything will be
okay
I've been living with these same the
same pair for weeks probably like two
months but I started taking them out so
that's good oh I got a drive see you
guys later bye now it's time to get the
map cut because this needs to get fixed
a little bit before blogger vlogger fair
unfortunately what if they mess it up
what if I have to shave my head have
like a buzzed head or bake it I'd be fun
no everyone be like who are you well
everyone's gonna be like that anyways
got the haircut
McKenna cut it she had me write down our
YouTube channel that looks great you
guys watching Shark Week little man
celebrated with this kid right now is
just kicking anything that's on that's
right
somehow has gotten bulb shark booties
off oh he's rested he almost has the
shock off the shock is attacking yeah so
my sister Christy made though she gave
them to us for one of his baby showers
so yeah so appropriate for Shark Week
it's awesome
dude you're gonna keep the camera we are
here for round two maybe this time would
be successful for us are we going to
block the fair and naked and nobody
wants to do that am i right little man
do you want to go to vlogger seven again
drop the binky that's like dropping the
mic let's find something this time
check out this guy it's like all blue
over there and just gets darker and
darker and grosser and stormy in a bad
way
there's ratchet good way yeah why I
think they're like beautiful now that
they were at you before
they were a ratchet bad before but now
the ratchet good mm-hmm I don't get it
rent a divergent last night Jenna watt
said today almost forgot to return it
then we would have practically owned it
by the way by the time I got home night
vision mode I'm finally packed got my
shoes contact lenses jacket this guy's
ready go he's been snoozing it's ready
to get on the plane it's super late we
need you at the bed I just took my
contacts out I know some people don't
like when people touch their eyes but
son it's time it's time to go to bed and
it's time to say goodbye to these guys
you've served me well adios yeah why the
dream
how to destroy the evidence as you are
watching this right now we're in Seattle
Sleepless in Seattle
choke them I spit so you guys ready for
some vlogger fair vlogs mm we're gonna
be there for a couple days let's see you
Friday Saturday Sunday Monday it's gonna
be good time I hope I can edit I hope I
can find that time to edit you know
every night guys remember to join the
book club go download the book The Maze
Runner because we're gonna read it
together I know Shay sometimes like yeah
let's do a book club but let's be real
this book clubs cooler I'm gonna tell
him that at longer fare
maybe we'll get him in the book club no
I think it'll be a lot of fun cuz we
want to do a Google hangout and chat and
you guys know we do that so it's gonna
go down um so we'll see you guys yeah
I'm really excited to see everyone it's
really fun now am I is voodoo Jonathan
Seattle
guys where should we eat in Seattle is
there something we must see must eat
must do when I go to Pikes Place and see
the gum wall and all that stuff down
there how a little man take it all I've
been the carrier he's been the carrier
he's not good I'm gonna tell me it's to
get in this dress love you guys see you
in Seattle see you then
flying in baby we'll see you then
sometimes
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
