what's up YouTube fam it's been a minute
since I've said that line what's up
YouTube fan you know what I say a late
blog is better than no blog this might
be my favorite thing I've gotten in the
know
hey guys it's morning and I'm about to
go head over to the doctor for my
six-week appointment yay I can be active
hopefully everything's like considering
everything that's like going well I
don't know we'll see so you know how
girls I'm sure it's just gonna be fine
let's go nugget a little fussy this
morning I'm hoping he sleeps while we're
there hot buddy anyways talk to your
side all right but here goes my first
run ask the baby i have my broad
so there we go
there we go
ok
I realize how not
nothing why it was hard but like she has
in this blog again a day
it's really like three different parts
of your ID
and then your legs and stuff sore
muscles my mind off Korra like there are
24 miles tops
ping but i really found myself too
today it's really late on Thursday night
and we've been getting ready to go to
Seattle for flying out tomorrow morning
I was at work all day so when I came
home and I i just had to run a bunch of
errands but i wanted to post something
and we did record stuff yesterday I just
have had literally no time at home dead
at anything so I'm just throwing this
together for you guys if you guys want
to follow our trip more closely than
just the vlogs which we're gonna do of
course it's called vlogger fair we're
gonna be blogging like crazy I'm gonna
be walkin are you lying up two cameras
right we'll bring both kami yeah with
cameras oh yeah so we'll see two
different perspectives of it we see that
anyways in every day's walk but you guys
should follow us on Instagram because I
post pictures that you guys don't seem
the vlogs like this one of me and Noah I
said I just got home from work time to
pack for our first little mini vacation
my Instagram account is the showcase
Jenna cos is Jenna Caray and she post
cute pictures like this no is smiling
some of you might be like why the
showcase what's up with that the
annoying part is that I got Instagram I
don't want to brag or anything but I got
my Instagram years ago like right before
like people weren't posting things we
were I just used it for the filters
whatever I was fooling around i created
the showcase because i was like my
gaming / rap / basketball name and i
probably could have had something like
Sam seriously I I saw it pop up in the
app stores like a new app I was like I
was sweet this was years ago you guys
can go back and see my first photo this
is my first photo on Instagram it was
197 weeks ago so it's like almost four
years and yeah I've changed a lot since
then so yeah we'll be posting lots of
pics on Instagram will be tweeting out a
lot of stuff so if you guys want to
follow that you can keep up with all the
vlogger fair madness but of course we'll
also be posting vlogs but just want to
let you guys know that there's other
ways to see what's going on it's not
quite midnight but this guy yep this is
tired I know a lot of you guys will be
like will you need to turn off the light
set up you know an environment that
you're not interacting young asian which
is what we do we're just packing her
down sexo step with the light on and we
usually turn on the light to vlog not
that we're like hey sorry no we're gonna
take away from your sleep because we're
vlogging but in this case we're just
getting back to real quick look at his
little face he has no clue what's going
on tomorrow dude we're going somewhere
else we want a little big issue to get
your ring tomorrow your wings is that
what they say yeah go get a little first
flight amazing that's our cue did
you ready for that you kind of like
being in the car so hopefully you like
being in the plane well it's the one
time and that's usually the chunk of
time we're using still really asleep mhm
my flying so you'll be fine ready for
that it's also a small plane we have
like our own row it's just art my seat
and jen seat so that's good we're not
liking me bugging someone the whole time
if we have to do whatever dad I don't
bug anyone it's a pleasure to sit next
to me I talk so much I just have so much
fun i'm gonna eat so many snacks I'm
gonna get a ginger ale of course team to
drill after I left but you've got I'm
hoping okay here I mean no actually I
sleep there are gonna be a lot of people
of lager fair and there's a couple more
people that have recently said I'm going
so guys check out the lineup if you
don't ticket in your in Seattle you
better get some you better be there
because we want to meet you but what
should we ask some of the people we meet
at valle your fur sure we've logged that
may be like excuse me mr. tread tyler
was your inspiration for your art it's
something an idiot I'm not gonna put
that in the vlog but really if there's
something you guys were like hey you
need to ask this person talk to them
about this say it and we'll try and
include it mail time mail time at that
time of the day again we open some mail
time
it smelled sponsored by mail this might
be my favorite thing I've gotten in the
mill it's from Lauren from Texas she
sent some Betty Crocker you know things
that play with plush toy from a cream
game tattoos you know when you put those
like quarters and you get tattoos so I'm
deciding which one I'm gonna wear to
work it she got me sweetie one debating
between it I think I might wear one of
these like the dinosaur or this might be
intimidating a measure should I wear the
cupcake or the lollipop I'm gonna go put
one of these on right after this okay
the sweetest part of this was that there
were four quarters in it and the four
quarters are to play the crane game so
Lauren I have to go win you something
I'm gonna go play the crane game right
now
lorem so Sam stinks at the crane game
but he lost your dollar but this is when
I come to you instead so he won this the
other day and this has come view Lauren
so we know where you live oh can you do
I've looked it up on google or ever just
kidding that would be creepy no but we
do have your address so we're gonna send
it to you and we get back Sam sucked and
then get won't few dollar you get this
one yeah that's okay this come view whoa
just admire how beautiful this blanket
is and how tan stitched by Michelle from
New Mexico Arthur machine into that I
don't even know oh the end stitch I
don't know enough this is machines dish
but she made the blanket I don't even
care if his hands mr. Spees did stir
what evers amazing it's beautiful yes i
love the colors too yes thank you so
much michelle love it i expect some
tummy time going down on that blanket
soon seriously perfect for tummy time it
really means a lot we really appreciate
it both these gifts kind of made us
choked up a little bit time to make that
signed up Samba IMF I for artists as
well it's a lot of time this shout-out
is for Amanda Miller because she knows
how to write in cursive and she still
uses cursive and it looks really good
and also because she's young and her and
her hubby are having a thing and let's
see you there in the final stretch holla
doesn't seem like I really are and I
think it's really cool in reading this
really it helped me out so thank you
yeah I can tell you guys what it said
but it was super nice see we're so
excited for you guys it's crazy when
that baby actually comes in at Phil
exciting and just afraid of this it's so
congratulations for the other our
experience congrats you love you guys
this awesome drawing for the stanica
wall is from Lauren browning from North
know from what's really fun Owen West
Virginia North Dakota hey Warren
browning from West Virginia and she just
started watching Fox will not now this
is I'm sorry
hold for mark 20k party event so my good
but you made this awesome drawing and
look at we're like hiding by the camera
our name whats up youtube this is that
you want oh dang it YouTube fans ain't
right out what's up YouTube fan thanks
not a more Macklemore Morgan I'm sorry
Thank You Morgan love it thanks Michael
Morgan Jenny day is a applying suit at
22 tatuaje como steadiness guess what it
is ah creo que you soon biscochito
that's fast oh my goodness yeah I don't
like heavy legs believe i got my raptor
right there all ready to go my cupcake
well what that's it hey guys I know this
was a hodgepodge of stuff Piggly Wiggly
of clips and events but that's what our
life is like sometimes ah working every
single day all day it's pretty tiring so
I'm happy that we're able to block its
good times but this weekend is going to
be awesome gonna be straight vlogging
I'm gonna be like a full-time vlogger
this weekend because that's all I'm
going to be doing any fun Chad's getting
little man all set for bed so I'm gonna
end the vlog right now tomorrow I think
you guys will draw the ball gets fun and
thanks for tuning in as always you guys
are awesome and Christy Liggett the
mattress it's still there because it's
really comfy it's really good for naps
too I can't get rid of it yet anyways
we'll see you guys tomorrow peace just
hold fun I'm going home
my eyes on you you everything that I see
our Joe hot love and emotion and this
thing I can't get over you
