you guys this adorable little nugget
face just took his whole nap in this
wing I can't believe it
except for we have music playing but it
stopped you're awake now how was your
nap sir okay let's get out
you know what I really need to do start
training for my basketball match
tip toeing in my jaw try to gain time
tip coming in my Jordan
getting so smiley and I just love it so
much I mean I just like stare at him
sometimes I'll just start smiling you I
just love that he smiles down I love
when you smile Jim a good nap oh my gosh
you guys I always block the microphone
and Sam tries to remind me all the time
I always forget I always catch myself
with my finger like this today is
Tuesday he was up for like two hours
this morning and he peed all over
himself again I mean I changed poopy bum
like I can't like cover him right away
cuz usually change him I'd do it pretty
quick and Casey pees everywhere and I
was just bum and then he just started
spraying pee everywhere again and I
thought he was done and then it just
shot out again so that was real fun my
favorite thing when I travel is coming
home to a very clean house I hate coming
home to a messy house so I always have
to clean before I leave on a trip does
that feel good do you guys do you guys
do that I just do that but I just love
having a clean home to come home to but
I'm so tired and from traveling and
stuff like that so I'm gonna try to get
this place clean and in tip-top shape
and then tomorrow is my doctor's away my
6-week could point me yeah
I'm so happy everyone you know I feel a
baby you just like blah and you just
look blind you feel blood and you feel
like you have a tire under waste even
like don't so I'm just ready to get out
there and be able to run and workout and
just be active we are going right into
the store I'm looking at us
zoom into the eye of the storm wow those
are some pretty intense clouds as we
pull up to the Mordor target yeah Bubba
how's the cart I was thinking maybe I
should vlog until someone notices it
public blog until someone looks at me
and it says keep doing you crazy oh
that's really cute wow that's really
cute for 90 bucks oh I'm not even
starting school but I feel anxious and
excited for all of you that are how do
you feel them not to be certain school
started good luck you didn't have a
great year they don't have any of the
shirts I wanna hide like this one or
like this one I just saw these for the
first time and they're actually really
funny or that one what size of that
small I mean come on I want the space
cat or mohawk Lincoln no I don't really
want that one either I know they don't
my size oh yeah oh space cat hmm I mean
I could just like show up in this this
is how I get my cleaning done baby
attached to me he thought she was gonna
say that I did the cleaning but nope I
like doing the cleaning because I get it
I want to get then way to make me look
bad
no I enjoy doing the kini cuz this how I
get my cleaning done I put my baby on my
chest now just start cleaning and I
don't know what's in this thing
mail time we're currently eating my
latest mail from him anything England
away from me my favorite candy mouths
yeah these are so good these are almost
burn starburst that's better
she also drew these beautiful pictures
sama cafe McDuff hi I'm baby Noah
apparently no one knows a hundred drafts
which is awesome oh thank you and no
thank you because I'm trying to train
and now I have candidates what's your
favorite flavor I don't know they're all
so good yeah yeah our brothers are
arguing excuse us while we eat another
mounds good thanks Ellie another letter
in from Mary in Ohio who stumbled upon
our date to video I'm trying to figure
out if it was the actual data we posted
it and she's like my wonderful Thursday
what video sure enough there was and she
watched it and she kept watching and she
was like owner if I could go off YouTube
for a couple days and she's like
whenever they put a video up she
couldn't
she came back and now she's credited
Amica so there you have it what's up
Mary thanks Mary
we're so glad you're part of the
sandwich I love you there were a few you
that made the comparison between Jen's
picture of her running and the most what
is it overly photogenic runner male
runner which I don't know if you guys
have seen that but here and it's funny
because when I took that picture and I
saw it I was like Jen you're like the
female version of the overly photogenic
runner I thought it was funny and some
of you guys thought of the same thing so
hey great minds think alike
yeah only a couple more days I've been
talking a lot of snack on Twitter but
I'm really not the type of person to
talk a lot of snack you know it's gonna
be fun anyways we're gonna wrap this up
you guys are gonna be nervous
yep I'm already nervous huh someone
else's design like how are we honest the
game is a oneof Olga yes it will be
blocked I promise you at least one
person will uh get probably a hundred
two people there to watch forever okay
anyways yeah anything else Wednesday
another you guys have to go read yeah
and it looks like if often wins Jen's
gonna be beating him with that patty
goodness we'll see us tomorrow sometime
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
