yo yo yo just had our friends over and
we SAT and chatted for what forever
that's pretty much happens when we get
together we just talk and laugh for
hours and this guy you ready for bed
getting pjs bed bubby who does he look
like today look like me or gin or
perfect combination of the both of us
look how long you uh stretch Oh
Oh
hey guys happy my oh no mondays aren't
happy happy monday Hugh hey I hope you
guys had a fun weekend we had a really
fun weekend it was a great weekend Sam's
at work should be home actually in a few
hours probably like an hour two hours I
think I don't know me no we're outside
food a while and then he started to fall
asleep so you guys he's starting to like
the swing I think
but I think he only likes it when he's
like really tired cuz I'm he'll sleep in
it but if he's awake he won't just mean
he'll chillin it for a little while but
not like a long time he's not like a
swing kid I don't think anything's
really new news except for now this
isn't even new news either but we're
vibe your fairies this weekend and we
are so excited I'm really excited to be
with everyone and to meet you guys who
are coming we wish all of you guys could
be there but that's okay technically I'm
supposed to start my training today I'm
so start running today but don't have go
ahead clear until my appointment on
Wednesday so I'm going to be just a
little behind but it'll be okay my
friend found out the Train training
program on pinterest I'm just gonna use
that one too because last the last
couple times I trained for met half
marathons I was very very very big and
well I'm technically beginner still
because I just had a baby so I was just
like brand like two to two to three
times a week and then ran long long long
days on Saturday so this time I'm gonna
follow the schedule that sheep that she
found on Pinterest and there's a lot
more like cross training in between so
it's like every day or doing something
which will be good that will keep me
active and keep me feeling good so don't
get to start training into Wednesday but
I'll just have to go on a walk or today
or something do something active right
that's alright so let me know if you
guys are if any of you guys in Utah
beeps and Utah are actually going to
sign up because I want to know it's the
provo haunted half marathon 13.1 miles
in case you didn't know how many it's a
lot but it's really fun so just let me
know and let me know what schedule train
schedule you're doing and i'll just keep
you guys posted on the training the next
couple weeks huh well until the race day
um and sam says that he might sign up
i'm gonna talk to him again today and
try to convince him to sign up with me
he's more worried about like oh you
don't want to take know like on the
really long runs I think we could do it
I don't know we'll see i'm going to talk
to him today and see if he actually
wants to do it and my friend Alex in her
husband are gonna do it to keep your
fingers crossed because I really want to
do a race with him also for all my
yogurt lovers out there you guys have to
try this yogurt noosa I don't know but
it is so good it has actual like fruit
in it they have different flavors this
one's passion fruit but oh man I love
passion fruit and this
yogurt is so good to put like fresh
passion fruit in it like you the seeds
are in there you guys should try it Oh
smiley baby you guys I've tried to give
this to him you didn't like it wubbanub
we're supposed to be really cool for
babies to like play with he does not
want it are you trying to poop maybe
these smiles are poopy smiles no you're
smelling it mom hello hey squishy face
these are my double chins one is named
Raphael and one is named um I don't know
someone in the comments said you're only
kind of cute or your kind of ugly but
hey then Sam said well at least he's not
fully ugly or something out plenty at
least you're kinda cute I think you're
really cute oh yeah I do not focus good
afternoon ladies and gentlemen it's a
tired fuzzy sleep day over here and I'm
about to cook me some bug some bougas I
got like a peach chili burger here in
just a regular burger here with my
special seasoning we haven't had burgers
in a while so let's make this happen I
know what I'm talking like this it's
time to cue up the daily dance don't
have done that doesn't what how's it go
shoot cooking salmon J you know I've
been thinking I've been wanting to do
like the only one this cruise my point I
want to do like a book or video so don't
take my idea because I'm kind of doing a
video right now but maybe a book of
people's faces and reactions to children
like what they look like to the kid
because we always make these crazy faces
we're always like hey like oh do it well
it's happening right now and it's really
funny because i mean if i were a baby i
just be terrified the faces that we
always make it i'm we're trying to make
them laugh trying to make them smile
trying to make them do different things
and we make the most absurd faces in
every location that were
see what I mean that's worth family over
the next couple months for thanksgiving
christmas different events like that I'm
gonna start filming people's faces when
they look at him cuz I remember meeting
to try and get him you go come on come
on baby yo la cuz he's gonna start
paying more attention gonna be hilarious
we're gonna have the funniest
compliation ever
we filmed this kid enough today I don't
think so he's just so dang cute he was
like holding this pacifier min ago
you're just like gripping it like no
like that yep this is the best thing to
come home to after work coming home from
work is always cool then when there's
this guy waiting for you it's the best
look good that's a regular burger and
then the like a hatch chili and peach
burger my sister just moved to a state
where apparently I don't know hatch
hatches chilies I just lost my whole
foods I guess that's like a thing and
they're really good so I got them in
honor of you okay I know you're probably
not watching but if you are out for you
yo Noah's sock game on point but they're
everywhere what's up with a little stock
from the ground oh hello thank you
what's up TNA cowboy her so freaking
cute guys ah I love my son can you tell
i just love him he's in three month old
Jamie's there this is Jamie's for a
three month old and he is six weeks this
week I'm Friday six weeks so month and a
half old and he's wearing three month
old jammies on the wash time oh my gosh
you're so keen what stuff does not fit
but for somebody that's true I things
are different you know just finish the
ball sesh you know I stay out till the
lights go out I shoot the lights go out
put an extra time in the gym not I was
actually only out here for like ten
minutes real life baby doll can't
believe how fast time flies I say that
it's like I was born six weeks ago
it was born eight weeks ago oh my
goodness goodness dude you're hilarious
what happened to you being tiny your
Chevron your bug bite where's that bad
judge me let's see can you really see it
oh babe she's gonna die no what can you
become allergic when you've never been
allergic I don't know sometimes people's
legs go crazy though because I feel like
I never had a reaction like that what do
you think of moms bug bite from the walk
last night you're Scott wasn't all right
well I'm just glad mom's protecting me
for my bite seriously except when Dad
bites me back so what do you think of
being swaddled oh we can't do that not a
fan of the salon right now I was like
little edge really came around right
after he'd swallowed him and he's just
like be back we'll be back in 54 32 well
fam another vlog another day older as
you can see everyone is feeling pretty
much the same right now I'd be doing the
same thing if I could I'm going to
really soon so anyways no mail today it
will open up some mail tomorrow we can't
wait for this weekend I'm a couple more
days of work left and it's gonna be a
party you guys are going to love the
blogs coming up this weekend and the
beginning of next week it's gonna be fun
hope you guys enjoy today and we will
see
tomorrow peace you sometime
eyes on you do everything that I see our
johar love an emotion endlessly I can't
get over you
