dudei is a buddy of Dave a little cuddle
session on the floor in the sunlight in
the both wearing blue today dude you sir
can use them tummy time means um second
time or sucking time will give him what
what what makes you want to suck wings
on this tummy
it's so weird I don't get it other ones
is so dirty
Wow there you go like makes you want to
suck like really white on this camera
right now just call me Jenny Canada
instead of cast through the gas okay I
want it if it goes
hey guys we are outside again it's just
so nice these day that's not hasn't been
really hot it's been like perfect
outdoor weather let me know I need to
get out more
you really do just cooped up in there
for half a quarter of the day now that
Sam gets off work earlier it's been
nicer to get out and do stuff I think
I'm gonna make this more of a daily
thing just to come out and lay on the
grass with him do loves it we're just
hanging out again huh this time we're
just stretching welcome home dad to a
crying baby he's growin love you mm-hmm
Sookie we just tweeted me and showed me
this thing called akinator which maybe
it's the new craze I don't know by the
way we run our own camera cuz I'm
charging the new one right now but I
wanted to show Genet and see if we can
get this thing to work
Jen you have to click on play and we're
gonna think of a character we're gonna
think of you and then answer questions
about you the characters here yeah no
dad you have to answer oh are you a
singer yes oh that's weird now saying
yes as your character ever live in the
White House yeah a single mother no yeah
me too no you're my boyfriend no I'm not
your boyfriend
she's not in a relationship what do you
think about that your mom say she's no
longer in a relationship so it's fine
just boys
we're just hurt that's my type can't
wait to show this future girlfriends
this you can you get sam sam anderson
from sam cooke vlogs okay we're gonna
guess me I'm just not cool enough let's
rock let's rap today let me know if
another movie I'm not cool enough I
already love having Sam home with me and
actually cuz he occupies Noah well he
has to wait to eat yours right he was
crying and he stopped and dad thing then
Oh fancy footwork now your dad was in
your eyes now
the way his legs are right now is so
cute very very sleepy aren't you thanks
dad yeah I was live blogging I'm not
really live I put him to sleep with my
singing enough I just played some
basketball just shoot him by myself
haven't played like pickup in months I
was running around and very tired but
every time I've been playing lately I've
been wearing some stamina family shirts
that you guys sent me yep channeling the
power from within the family guy I
really need to keep playing like every
single day until vloggerfair at least
moving around or else I'm going to be
tired after three minutes of my game
with Austin High it's that bad remember
that time we like kind of like ate
healthy and ate vegetables and stuff
like that you know we're like that is
fast food it's not always necessary eat
healthy well you know what it smells so
good
it smells so good it smells so good only
you need to either tune that hey that's
a good like chick-fil-a new people to
the vlog that's that's the chick-fil-a
jingle I should probably also mention
that we made it up Jenna
finally has maybe spent all her birthday
money as she's $23 left so she got a
package but she ordered like a little
necklace and it came in a huge box
so apparently this is actually a gift
for me from my work
oh it's for the family they sent us a
gift for Noah dude you've gotten so many
freaking gifts little man this guy
Christmas every day for him but that
chocolate milk gifts from work five six
six definitely not oh but I know okay
I'm gonna see what news for keeps bottom
Wow
that's fancy that's a really nice
blanket oh it's so nice of them oh sweet
guys another victim to the field unable
to convert video file whoa George okay
you're okay
Lewis that's being a bit babe me babe me
he's got a binky mark on his face you
see this big new mark yeah he always has
that he's going down he's going down
he's going down like timber Oh down down
down I'm yelling timber those cute
little socks everything's cute I need
everything on a baby it's like a look at
that cute little hand look at the cute
little chub
look at that cute cute bunny cap like in
those cute little it's like thank you
little here look thank you little nose
we had a cute little mama hello hey guys
so today's vlog was a jumble mumble
humble I don't even know what it was a
mixture of multiple days in case you
didn't catch on
basically just with YouTube getting all
messed up I didn't want to I just didn't
have time to post like two videos it
just messed us up so I kind of mix
things together deleted vlogs Friday
yeah the one I do it in my sleep
there's mention that I thought you were
talking about like you believe in like
videos
but it was up our page the deleted
scenes but I promise you that tomorrow
which is - to be true - today will be a
normal vlog again normal sequence
chronological whatever you want it to be
yeah so today is actually a Monday and
we're wrapping it up I'm about to post
this on youtube when you go shoot some
hoops gotta get ready for my big game oh
yeah yeah dead room for you buddy
so we'll see you guys later Jen you got
anything else you wanna say today we
love you guys and do you really love
them today nope I don't want you guys
that today not actually I don't know why
I said that
anyways we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace
eyes on you you everything that I see
y'all Joe have love and emotion
endlessly I can't get over you
