good afternoon YouTube van we are
heading to the Ogden Utah open house
temple right now a beautiful day anyone
can actually go to this I'm dressed up
just because I dress up for every day
and we're really excited to see what the
temple is like because they did a
complete overhaul of it so now it's like
I don't know it's gorgeous like this
you guys ready this is amazing
so we're with some friends Alexa CJ
Jen's here Noah and we're gonna go
inside and check it out
you guys are in the area you should stop
by - because then you can go check it
out
did you know that one of the mountains
here is the paramount man one of the
nuns I'm not sure which one it is but
I'm positive that it's the Paramount
Google it
well the scream revolutionary in the
Tesla is the question
use me up he's good quite a ball time
and he came out he's like why dude cool
shoes man
because I was born
I was born
paramount nuns that's it could you point
to it just print it hey I'm vlogging
right now guys we're at the Ogden temple
open house and we just turn into people
that watch our videos there it is the
Paramount Mountain confirmed by many
here's my newest friend tell us a little
bit about yourself
I actually know one word to describe how
you felt being inside the temple we
clean one word um
peaceful peaceful yeah happy
hot and cold filled but I can't I don't
know stay well no I was filled with I
was filled with emotions I got a tour
one of the bus
it's what you do for the commercial for
a food item
like this
episode of The Office for Jim hunter
basically indestructible a what's up
Macy's that looks like grainy or doodoo
and it's good
if they put everything well they better
come in mother
put some on your finger cuz my this is
where I get my meat I've been wanting to
try this spicy avocado jalapeno cilantro
si Racha hummus yeah make it some of the
passion for niggers on sale
sure treating ourselves today okay today
look at these little shoes little
moccasins he's been wearing today yeah
quail Lane Co sent them you can check
them out at Quay Lane company dot
etsy.com they were nice enough to send
Noah some moccasins dude those are sweet
look at those thank you so much fillets
that quilling Co they're so cute
damn in the stud dude
yes 10901 region so the big day one week
exactly
it's so cute right now there's a giant
moon out tonight it's kind of hard to
see you guys I just signed up for my
first half-marathon
post baby I could start with you because
it have to be next week so I sent it for
my first race back and I did a few half
marathons back in the day a few years
ago I've done two and it was really fun
I hate running but I love the races and
getting a medal I basically just pay for
the medal really but they're really fun
and so I just signed up with a few of my
friends for the Provo haunted half
marathon so it's like the Halloween
wanted to get to dress up so if any of
you guys out in Utah want to join me
sign up and you can come around the half
marathon with me I'm going to start
training next week and it's like just
about like ten weeks away so I'm just
gonna be training and then have my race
the end of October so I'm really excited
it should be really oh it should be
really fun I love the races and Sam's
off work I told him to do with me but he
he wants to but then he's like oh what
about the baby and training are you
really gonna do it well luckily with
Provo like the all the Utah races most
of them are on Saturdays which I love
because I don't like to run on Sundays
um so that's fun and they're not as
expensive as other states but it's still
kind of more expensive found a lie
what's really fun cuz you two dressed up
so I'm gonna dress up in a costume and
yeah
so if you guys want to run one with me
or sign up for a race in your town they
can just train together and talk about
it let me know so here goes to getting
that baby weight off yeah you can't
really see it but I tried that new
mountain Dew from 7-eleven like the
fruit punch won it was alright I just
don't think the syrup levels were right
so I can't really you know say if I like
it it not like like it or not supposed
to be tropical so I'm going to try him
the 7-eleven that's closer to where I
live to see if it's better there right
now I gotta grab some groceries because
tomorrow we're having some company over
we're gonna have a fun dinner with some
friends he hasn't met so I'll be good
it's always good to relax and just have
a nice meal on Sunday hmm
wonder if Jen would like those she loves
PB&J
I've been craving dr. pepper and I can't
drink caffeine because I'm afraid of a
wire my child so Sam was really it was a
mutagen caffeine Denis was my hurt busy
oh we don't know for sure but he was the
life or something so Sam got me caffeine
free and I've never got a man free dr.
Piper so we're gonna test it right now
here's the first step
how's it gonna taste well there's a
taste the same almost exactly you can
tell the difference huh can you I don't
know it's really little different you
know you need have the logo facing out
because that's how they do it on
commercials I just take like a huge week
if it satisfies my crazy I also got two
kinds of hummus spicy and delicious so
that wasn't the brand that had the weird
stuff in it I've tried both and I liked
the jalapeno cilantro a lot better in
those busy mikado they're both good this
stuffed goodness I also got the Whole
Foods brand of sivak Jeff it's different
though because it has hell opinion isn't
it like that's the first ingredient is
read for red jalape√±o puree puree
refrigerate it too so as well as there's
more natural ingredients maybe not as
many preservatives I don't know I'm just
making things up right now looks like
poop it looks like his duties Oh what's
up basketball baby hey guys hope you
enjoyed today's vlog the vlogs like with
the whole uploading issues with YouTube
not processing any videos it kind of
messed up our schedule not that our
schedule was already messed up right man
isn't it kind of messed up now
guys today is Sunday I'm sending the
vlog from Saturday and we cannot wait
for this week to be the weekend because
Friday we're falling through sirota
therefore let's see I tweeted something
out it's like a hundred eighteen hours
before I get to touch track Tyler's hair
wasn't any fun dude kid you waited five
minutes hair peekaboo
also if you don't have tickets at the
vlogger fair there's a special discount
I think you get a couple extra bucks off
by using our code today it's like 10%
plus a couple other bucks I don't know
but get your tickets and use our code
cuz then I'm like yeah same like a
family go with that anyways you anything
else you want to say okay guys relaxing
day I could really use a nap right now
he peed all over himself today I'll see
you guys tomorrow
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
