guys this kid just smiled at me like 10
times let's see if you'll do it again my
dad it because that camera is out now
guys it's dangerous blind it's not gas
because I just changed a very poopy
diaper oh oh it's only to that sound
he'll only laugh at the booze if he
makes that sound too huh I love you guys
now look at that guy's ever smiled ever
in his life that's fine I don't like to
do annoying mom right now it's just go
doggone cute oh gosh Jen get a life such
a random place that's okay you feel cute
oh yeah Sam's gonna die when he sees
this food well I had your C playing
shirt on Haley it's Amica Haley I
promised you a dance
savy pants oh my gosh really a
leprechaun don't promise the tap-dancing
number so
who is that it smells like counter get
low get low get low get low get low get
low no no all right let's see what am i
ears
guys the week's go by really fast in
that dirty I don't know my little camera
oh I'm in work it like fight Wow what
the I'm gonna do solar what the new
Mountain Dew apparently there's a new
Mountain Dew at 7-eleven
gonna have to go try that out big boy
you're sitting out my ears okay there's
a couch you're sitting all by yourself
look at that gut guys look at that good
mom stop hey you sittin up hanging out
no just smooth chillin how's it going
pretty good I mean I'm with you you're
really pretty you having a good day
yeah of course mom I'm with you they're
not very comfy well I mean I could be
more comfortable boy I mean mom not so
close mom tell us about mom oh I just
can't handle big E's getting little
ankles I just can't gonna get this kid
is today although you were a little
terror last night at midnight this makes
it all worth it you're cute look wraps
legs and that little pinky face no joke
guys it's been every night this week
it's getting old
no I mean it's not like terrible no it's
terrible every night between either
11:30 and two somewhere within between
there he likes to scream like a banshee
they're saying I don't know what that
means thanks to scream really really
really loud I think Sam and I are gonna
make some cookies or something give them
to our neighbors upstairs we feel really
bad we always come out into the living
room wanted ice cream though because he
screams very loud and their bedrooms
above our bedroom you know so that's at
least good right oh my gosh she is such
a gut look at his binky just falls right
onto his belly you saving that for later
yep yeah this look like without
completely bald head cuz you can hardly
see the side hair anymore yo what's up
guys I just took like a 3-hour nap
at seven o'clock and I feel probably
more tired than I did before but my body
needed that sleep and I think I'll feel
better tomorrow for it just to kind of
like you know and she needed some rest
sometimes yeah it's good to get some
sleep good to get some rest it feels
weird to take a nap maybe longer than
the amount of sleep you got the night
before
that's all I but it's close this kid -
she loves to be outside
he loves looking at the trees and the
sky and so nice it's like it's really
cooled down like a ton one of our
awesome subscribers made this blanket
for us huh I've been going to Whole
Foods like every other day now and I'm
not getting expensive stuff I just
there's a couple things there I'm like
dang it just fits what I want like see
Raja and justice you're out the hummus
help in your hummus I'm starting to eat
at the butcher about this house you got
your chicken they cook good oh the other
thing is that you know sometimes you
think it might be easy just to go out
for fast food or something like that
when in reality you could get like
something like this I just picked these
up for different kebabs it costed 4
bucks and they're awesome
that's like cheaper than fast food and
it's a lot better for you and it tastes
better too hey guys we're just doing a
little grilling tonight same way got
some beef and chicken kebabs well that's
pretty great bean but and they're just
in a little cuddle
oh no loves being outside he really does
yeah it's looking like we get dinner
tonight I was just talking about on the
car that sometimes you know you'd go and
you're like I'm hungry
I need something quick we're gonna get
some fast food cuz it's cheap it's easy
but this meal tonight it's gonna be like
eight bucks and it's gonna be delicious
yeah I'm really excited to eat it good
and he's just mean lots of dinners today
today I'm cooking with Sam and Jenna
we got some nice veg a the mess
asparagus some zucchini some mushroom
over here on the left corner we got some
skewers like garlic chicken and these
are two - E - E - E and B if kimbab a
stick is yummy Mema for - cooking the
same engine I wish you guys could smell
this because it's not so good if you
ever come over to our house I made you
something taste don't take a look this
is the unboxing looks good at a spin so
kind of like treat yourself you know
some people might spend $3
okay oh yeah
well we've spent that much on in and out
or something but wait you know so this
looks good to me
ooh nice lighting on the grill there we
go listen up a babe put that meat over
this is the life I live to Peter on the
deck grill end still cooking up the
chicken but holy moly that smells so
good
I'm also doing a hangout while not
everyone said anything I'm just in Jade
woggs hangout and J blog started it
what time is it
well time today's mail is one of the
prettiest coolest things that we have
received ever
it comes from bronty Bronto grunting
frontier heed from California and some
gorgeous move and beautiful blanket no
agree anderson 627 mm - 127 p.m. 22
inches 9 pounds 1 ounces acute grey
elephant I love that what do you call
that meet her pinky meet in the backs
grey polkadot I think this must be
handmade right oh I don't know I can't
tell I swear it's so nice that it's hard
to tell but in Maine I just want to say
it is because it feels like it's full of
handmade love you love sleeping in there
what's up Ellie from Canada love you
drawing include features that's typical
blog thanks Billy thanks Billy
here's a letter from Haley and it says
congrats on a little man happy late
buetergerds Oh Sam you're awesome cool
thanks Haley
I think it's time to frame call Haley no
more numbers no more numbers though you
give us a new number we're gonna give it
to the police any more numbers we're
giving it straight to the police look
some YouTube joke which one
please record your message
yes Haley this is the youtubes just
letting you know that the youtubes are
acting funny tonight and the video is a
little slow so hopefully the video will
be up sooner or later do you have
anything to say a missus YouTube's yeah
hi Haley
you missed their call hey and Jen and
Noah no it's kind of making noise too
anyways I guess we'll just have to talk
another time hope you're having a good
day have a great weekend buddy Mike we
just called you us hello now Mike hello
hola amigo wrong soy Sam win oh I
panicked and I think we just are talking
to brother friend Oh should we call back
one more time
oh it's come back over time hey you talk
to some you took this them fourth time's
the charm
Haley it's Amica
Hey
sorry Neely without the joke going to
love ya dang it seems bad dang it you
take it
those are annoying print colors that was
a bad prank call hope you guys have a
fun weekend thanks for watching we hope
you liked the video
and no see you later guys love you bye
Oh
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
