blade upload thanks for being patient
with me guys I took a nap today I think
my nap was longer than how much sleep I
got last night really this is heaven
right here's chillin out and grab oh my
I bet
say hi
hey guys happy Wednesday
this kid oh he just woke up he really
likes tell me time he usually just okay
why had on the floor but he was flying
asleep so on my couch so I could
like be closer to him and oh my he loves
it oh hold on he just has to suck
something oh it's really funny hey you
want this puppy
Tommy time lately has been putting him
to sleep no joke he he really likes to
suck something when he's on this to me
it's the only time he really like sucks
on his hands and stuff I had him in the
swing and he totally I was making myself
lunch and I came back he was like this
like halfway down the swing trying to
suck his hands and it was hilarious so I
just decided to put him on a stomach to
see how do I do long time the time but
he just wants to sleep when he's on his
stomach and I don't normally let him
sleep on us on his stomach unless I'm
like watching him so this is how he's
gonna sleep for his nap right now he's
just chillin we had a rough night last
night between every night at midnight
every night at midnight every night at
midnight
he's awake every night at midnight guys
literally like he's gonna find the last
couple nights but last night he's awake
was bad
he was wailing like crying louder than
I've ever heard me sound it sounded like
someone was killing an animal and I was
like freaking out because I was like oh
my gosh my neighbors are gonna like
freak out thinking I'm hurting my child
and but he was just screaming just
because he was just fussy and had a
little gas but luckily Sam came to the
rescue and burped it out of him and he
was fine after that and passed out and
then slept until 9:00 this morning not
yelling last night just took it all out
of him and it was really sad and I was
like I may have had a little meltdown
cuz really like I'm getting better he's
crying like doesn't bother me as much
cuz I know when he's angry like I know
his different cries nowadays but that
cry I had never heard and I was like
what in the world is going on with this
right now Bogut his hair is starting to
fall out in the back it's getting
thinner I won't feel like the top of his
hair now is gonna grow back faster once
that here comes and then he'll lose that
the rest of his hair I don't know we'll
see
anyways I hope you guys are having a
good day Sam will be off work in a few
hours and that's awesome yeah
auctioneering let's see has there been
food in today's vlog yet I think so so
all the hummus yeah we're just outside
enjoying some fresh air
dad's gonna be home soon so we're just
hanging out maybe we'll hang out until
he gets here I don't know I'm trying to
distract him so he'll wait longer before
you eat it's good luck to chug man oh
this is the first time we've kind of
just played out on some grass so I'll
have to do this more often
my buddy he likes me outside he'd love
staring at the sky having fun okay I'm
pretty sure this kid's gonna stay
brunette too because all his little new
hairs burning or brown there's a little
burnt on this thing it's a really cool
bird and it's just pecking away at
something I want to see its body again
over here birdie
there whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa look
who's home could join the party dad came
and joined the party hmm
okay today when I was smiling at him I
was doing that whom six people such as
gassy smile it was actually use to know
he grabbed my I bet mr. dad he's dead
yeah it's good luck sleeping on his
tummy I laid him down like this and he
was out in a second guys I'm super
stoked because when my favorite shows on
Hulu just started again
well two of my favorite shows Project
Runway and face off do you guys watch
face off if you don't you actually do it
so cool it's where they create it's a
competition show and they create movie
makeup in a way no I'm gonna make up
like creatures like sci-fi sci-fi makeup
and it's so awesome you guys should
watch it not ant project on it because I
love that show that to people crazy
things in like four hours you guys
should watch it it's so cool I'm telling
them they need to watch face off watched
it but I love it
it's very cool show if you're into that
cool creature makeup prosthetics one of
my goals for August is to definitely get
this room set up we really need to get
nose room going exactly let me sleep in
our room forever so we need to get this
cleaned up and I really need you at the
same with a wall up it's taking forever
lookit there's this Amica wall isn't it
cool yep nice and bare we have so much
stuff to put on there so
so tonight I decided to stream my
basketball practice which was basically
just me walking around the court chasing
the ball and stopping everyone simple
just type things in it was kind of funny
I had my laptop out there now is he's my
phone Wi-Fi you can see like people
walking by probably just like what the
crap is this guy doing we've been really
hyping this basketball match and it's
probably gonna be terrible
I don't probably think like three hours
no one will be there it'll just be me
and Austin still going alright alright
one more one more
did I mention all of hummus shoot guys
vlogger fair is like in a week and I'm
really pumped because I found out today
that okay so we've been putting the
promotional code that you guys can use
to get tickets the number one most used
code if you could guess who would you
think it is yeah it's Jay and I was
about to say Katie let Shane Colette's
Shaytards promotional code second is
Tyler Oakley but third most use is Sam
Iike that mean something you guys are
gonna be there I know something I've
been posting in the comments of our
videos and things and tweeting me it's
gonna be so fun hanging out with you
guys it's funny to say this because in
comparison from this summer to past
summers we haven't done much but at the
same time we have because we have a baby
but we haven't gone out in just like you
know just like gone crazy so Jen and I
are really excited for this trip it's
gonna be fun to take what for days and
just kind of be on vacation adventures
yeah
I'm torn I love this phase but Noah's a
little baby just like a tiny newborn but
I'm also excited for him to grow and
also enjoy things we're still far away
from that I just can't wait to go on
family vacations and this is one of my
first family vacations together it's
gonna be a lot of fun
we have so much coming up though like
going back to California for
Thanksgiving we're gonna be in Chicago
for Christmas with my family I'm hoping
to get like 10 days off of work my mom
Christmas
as far as the vlogger fair vlogs go
though I was thinking okay if we vlog at
vlogger fair and we're doing all these
fun activities I feel like the vlogs can
be like 30 minutes or more so it's gonna
be hard to edit all that down but thanks
for using our code it just makes me feel
happy like sweet third-most use code
that's awesome the family cut is the
best fun knowing that people bought the
code it's like we're gonna see some you
guys yeah I know it's like we're like
we've met a few viewers but not many so
it's kind of fun I could break out and
just start singing every night em and I
tap dancin on the counter and you guys
would be like yes make sure like well I
mean if you're gonna borrow it
don't say I definitely I know but it's
even better if you come up doing a
little dance I think that's the weirdest
thing is that if someone's seen our vlog
and they see us in public and they don't
say anything like hey like yo say hi we
don't wait mail time hey guys so
yesterday we showed the painting of
Noah's Ark that was painted by Jennifer
Hills well she also sent some other
stuff that we shouldn't have time to
show it some time because there's a lot
of stuff cheeky chappy first of all her
and her father watch us and they were
her letters were so sweet but they said
this is beautiful baby cards they both
sent us different things it's biggest
thing I've ever seen in my life
it really is she sent us so she picked
out this outfit and it's this cheeky
chappie shirt with these high-top shoes
that's adorable
okay Jennifer you are inspiring I am
upside down but reading about you you
are awesome
seriously you
they're so sweet and then her dad sent
this cute Luscher and a little sample
that's just so they're so sweet thank
you guys so much I don't know I bought
some that yesterday but you're alive
let's leave the most fat dose I love
your last name consensus Leslie's from
California I don't wanna say where she's
from but I have a friend that's from
where you're from
she made this little thing Noah the
little man she said we'll see you a good
con someday which is true if you go
because next year is when he can like
someone sent us him too and I think they
said it was it or it Texas one two with
this so I there's a lot of stuff we
never shared but these are so cool these
are Jordan yeah hey hey we love you guys
really sorry
does it ever get shown but we did we
feel really bad I know pop things I know
sorry wearing something that you sent
let us know please we're getting better
we are trying to share everything until
it's all shared and we are gonna do much
better yeah so yeah huzza guys hope you
enjoyed today's vlog we are so excited
one week until vloggerfair
ish oh man it's gonna be so fun I will
take you guys there we will hang out
with everybody I'm just excited to be
with everyone got a cool hotel Noah's
first flight oh let's countdown you know
it's close when you can see the weather
forecast
it was like high of 94 Friday seriously
yeah mmm you guys ready let's countdown
it's gonna happen I think we should
dance for tomorrow's vlog for dancing
okay we'll see you guys mark bye poof
sometimes
on you you're everything that I see I
want your hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you
