good morning today is to intro Tuesday
which mean the ninja it could happen
again at any time whoa I'm tired his
mouth Oh
Maddie's here every with Noah this is
the friend I told you about that move
back to Salt Lake so happy so great
you're squishing Noah pushy Oh
squishy-face hey so cute hi Betty like
hi bye Oh training eat for me oh how it
is honestly he's too much yeah I
probably think it's pinky he's just
tired afternoon cuddles with dad
it's our favorite thing to do with it I
feel like Jen foamed me asleep for that
was like 10 minutes now the tables have
turned Steve Holt what's up chill baby
you chillin like a villain cuz you
chilled baby okay guys were headed to
target to get some groceries in to get
stuff for dinner tonight and to search
for in the best croissants in the entire
world that I love all I do with no
matter what it's true that's all we do
and every ball I do and this kid has
been sleeping all day long which means
he's gonna be a party tonight or not I
don't know maybe this is the second half
of his growth spurt he's just gonna
sleep all day today and then be fine
tomorrow he's looking like a big boy in
this car seat look at that guys never
when his head was like way too little to
fit in there yeah we didn't even have
time we got an insert and it his hands
dirty too big for it so there's your
attorney and now his that's way too big
for look at that he hasn't even need one
anymore cute kid cute Baldy Baldy baby
I have a new resolution for what August
to vlog more in public hello I love
sweet world just kidding hello sweet
world welcome to target oh my goodness
space jam so do you guys think some
people put their baby up here but it
says not to put them in the cart like
that so he's inside it right now then
you don't have anywhere to put your
groceries I've decided it's time to get
contact solution take my contacts out
i'm looking for like the cheap kind
that's good to have let's get that
vlogger fair vlog adder germ x sorry
guys something y'all have naturally i
actually just love antibacterial gel
diaper bag walker contact solution i
don't see here of course not it's not 99
cents a little travel-size baby shampoo
and 0 contact solution 1427 going down
baby i'm tempted to let no hold this and
then it looks like we're stealing so oh
I gotta try those at one time she
ratchet chips kettle cooked that's not
my favorite jen is gonna be so happy
they had a flashback uh-huh yeah
of my favors to bad people who is yeah
who was filming this yili day I camera
is it Ryan yeah yeah and I was like yeah
I always think that that's not wrapped
and then I touch it I still think it's a
wrap so two dollars off I think I want
it right oh I / that's spicy today let's
get it salmon burger chipotle critics
for grabbing the mystery squishy mystery
wait why does it look different than
that what they crapped see that does not
look like it's oh wait oh that's not
covered where's that antibacterial gel I
can't delicious all these resumes akin
to bucks okay I love raspberries yo
colon your super target look like that
like that have you look at that view mmm
good dad view my fellow YouTube Famers
my fellow faneca I've been eating at
chipotle four loaves to ten years ten
years yeah 10 years different chips
those different chips are they different
chips mile in my life they're more
turkey okay it seemed bigger today I
have always gotten a burrito I've knock
on anything else for 10-plus years but
today I got a burrito bowl should be
unboxed is very doable it's in the
boxing of a chicken burrito bowl from
chipotle cue the music first need a
bigger bowl to give away thank you three
pounds I got every salsa everything you
can possibly get as a side and I'm
excited we'll see how it is like I'm
going against everything I believe in
including
my burrito legend I feel like you need
to cook up one of the turkey is in the
fridge I love you can see the layers
that guac right there whoo there's a lot
of salsa almost too much salsa I need
more rice and meat that's my only
complaint so far you're the one here
come the poop smells here come the poops
mass miles are mere gumboots miles hit
the poop smells out oh that's the one
hey you yeah cowboy dip oops miles yes
Massa Moore hello you look like such a
little boy right now it's freaking me
out hmm you stares right at it he's
staring into all of your souls well he
poops I'm starting to talk like a baby
so this is father I'm crazy like that
dude on the wild thornberrys yeah
seriously oh he's in a little cocoon
Jesse's little face is showing hi oh
that's my favorite noise makes really
see you at Christmas a Coco Coco are you
going to Texas exactly the same face
back so scary howdy is so wow there's so
much noise I hope you can hear me cuz
there's the dryer and there's always the
air conditioner which you can hear and
every blog and it really bothers me but
we're giving little guy little man his
first back
in real water is that too deep but I
have this dude kick your leg your legs
get good like how he feels about it is
it too hot no which things changed a
little boy think i will change colors to
get if it's too hard on him oh really
yeah oh it's cool stuff do you think
about this bad know how he doesn't
neighbor water oh my goodness here the
cutest kid ever I just got one his
eyeball it is now sorry sorry but hey
guys guess what time it is it's midnight
full after midnight
us every night every night every night
at midnight every night at midnight he's
awake hey it's hard because i have work
like six hours and he's so cute it's
time for some more mail and we're doing
mail every day until we've shared it all
cuz we just want to peel box and got it
all and there's way too much and it's
all for Noah seriously most blessed baby
in the world how do you feel about that
and Abby this awesome painting was done
by Jennifer Hills can you believe this
guy's look how gorgeous it is we didn't
wait hang it up in his nursery and hair
that's my favorite bird and hair thanks
Jennifer we love it this is sweet
because it's this thing by Google where
this was made with code with a 3d
printed bracelet it says Sam akka mamuka
that aw no no it's not between me and I
can't remember you did it because
there's no name on the package but the
person that did this you treated me
you're awesome Emily from New k thank
you so much for your package to set this
adorable Lindsay and she's the one who
sent in the Batman robe and Superman
jammies and we love it thank you so much
esteban north carolina dude sweet name
sent this teenage mutant ninja turtles
with the shell that's a cape awesome i
love the ninja turtles the movies coming
out with up their faces though this is
so sweet and i can't wait for him to be
enough Thank You Sophie from Illinois we
got your letter we loved it good luck in
high school you're gonna do great I'm
not scary I'm good card are your picture
that is a sweet carless with all that
stuff on it it's amazing look at high
school Taylor from Tennessee we got your
letter you love all into your work and
you want us to vlog for more than 2014
maybe we'll do it just because you said
that so there's some mail for today
we're going to share some more tomorrow
until we've shared it all like I've
already said 20 times anyways hope you
guys had fun today hope you enjoyed the
vlog I did that on purpose
like many ways to intro Tuesday did you
guys catch the second intro do you see
it or did you skip past and miss it skip
past and mess with me disappoint to my
people I love you too night people I'm
gonna go play some basketball because
Austin has arranged some sort of
coalition of people to root for him
through an hash tag team Austin on
Twitter and stuff like that yo where the
team Sam attacked we gotta do better
than that tweet out team Sam hash tag
team Sam put me in the tweet somewhere
and I will respond and be like what's up
okay cuz yours later bye it's time to
practice breathe sometimes on you do
everything that I see our johar love an
emotion endlessly I can't get over you
