something happened while we were leaving
Mogan last time we got a log and we're
doing the same thing I wanted to relive
this I didn't we didn't record it
because I was freaking out
where are we where are we like actions I
didn't feel right yeah that's done oh
look who work with look they wear it
breathe and I'll Kofi um there's a me
over there and there's Bodi and no up
steam boys you know hey careful with
this one
we tell them fine are you gonna do a
flip leg Bodi really and hurt yourself
from the cucumbers and look at this okay
cozy freaking me out now look at her
she's so strong oh my gosh
no one could not do this until he was
like how do you know what Helen is cozy
he couldn't do it until he was after -
oh those things hurt your feet so bad
look at her go
good job cuz oh my gosh I can't believe
this she makes it the whole way up oh my
gosh
no is too busy hiding and playing hey go
seek from me
enjoy the fun look at oh my goodness
hello oh thank you
fun morning I mean the kids with to
bounce advocacy tale Itachi and Ava and
Bree and her kids knew it was it was fun
and now these tracks and now look who's
in the car thanks Greece it's da I'm in
the car with something dear I'm been
here that's true
where would be your daughter something
even teacher she's facing she's hungry
she's hangry I'm hangry too let's go
with stai nice memories well right now
it's munch David our day hunting I come
with us too we don't know we'll see I
see our blue house yeah it looks it
looks beige or taupe yeah see a blue mom
kept saying the blue house there's a
blue house with a different car in front
of it Noah someone else lives there now
there's our house we go knock on the
door just kidding hey what you saw we
used to look here okay guys looks nice
and green
this is a lunch dinner lunch she's so
good eating our sandwich your sandwich
to baby everybody we have you missed the
good part
she really does say hi hi I really
wonder though I really wonder how many
dear
the big frogs bizarre situation I've
never been apart
these qubits once Monica has baby not
stay on the side David won't decides he
wants to visit that once we challenge I
think I should just open this right now
and take a swig we put a fun actually
quite busy
freezing here it's like 40 so cold out
and rainy but we just fizzes with Ellie
and Jared and then we were able to visit
with Marlene our old neighbors it's been
fun to told people we'd come back it's
kind of fun even though it's only been a
month it's good to keep our
relationships yeah of course
there is rain outside yeah it was fun it
was fun to catch up with everyone and
even though we were only gone a month
still fun cuz I mean we saw Marlene I
saw Marlene every day and I would chat
with her almost every day and the kids
go close her dog every day and so it's
fun to see her can do it see you in a
while so
anyway it was a good time with Ellie and
Jared catching up and hanging out for a
little bit and now we are gonna go to
dinner with day hunting area and a bleep
Ashley right oh oh well we're going to
dinner and we're gonna have to carve my
favorite oh the boys are back in town
the boys back in 10th yeah okay I'll
take a picture we just had dinner with
the full way Aaron Aaron and a nun day
none none per month feels longer late to
car with my babe
I said okay we go
next morning Oh hugs saying goodbye it's
time to go to Salt Lake now got the
wedding just say goodbye like watching
TV now guys look at me hey over here
over here look me in the ass
something happened while we were leaving
Logan last time we got a log and we're
doing the same thing I wanted to relive
this I didn't we didn't record it
because I was freaking out as a husband
it wouldn't have been the appropriate
thing to do but now I'm heals everything
Rach n-no I'm so upset this would happen
I want agenda drive the first hour I
think so I get edit the vlog was
evidence yeah cuz they're so busy in
return so we parked in this space look
at the space and Jen we're gonna trip
going to Arizona let's go baby you take
a 12-hour drive let's go we just got the
pact you got taken away let's go and
Jen's backing out and I wasn't paying
attention
did you back straight into this pool you
see the black paint ladies and gentlemen
that's from our car but to give me a it
is weird it's a very very long like this
whole thing right here is like muscle
memory of driving a car it's like you
backup a little spot in this spot it's
like I don't still back it up I'm still
going we're still like what comes along
this turnout is and I just turn I
shouldn't have turned so anyways I gave
our Carla's Maui a big scratch
we haven't worried about fixing its it
wasn't too bad it's that the moment I
stepped outside I look out and this
guy's like it's like happens man I
was like yeah we're moving today - he's
like wow wow that's a look and how was I
today how did I know something he would
expect me to do you know it's like when
something like that happens the worst
thing the last thing you want you want
to hear or if I did it is someone being
like like alright how are we gonna react
to this we're good let's get back on the
road we got the kids get on the road
let's get on that trip it was just the
beginning me tribute all the time know
as Oh mommy you're gonna get
counter-earth cow the car in an alley or
gonna crash the car like mommy you hit
that you crash the car mom look at this
view by the way we know these clouds are
so leaves are changing we thought they
might be changing in the by two days
after leaving they they are starting to
change we had a great time in Logan we
loved Logan everyone's got to see a lot
of people there's one for that agency
Stacy but I'll see her next time but we
saw
I don't know we tried it's hard it's
hard to cram seeing everyone into like a
day a full day so we tried that city
canoeing how much tourism up there oh my
gosh there is snow up there ill
trees are starting to change colors
put on house
let me see my head oh you're so cool
look at you guys I think yours is too
big community would you sleep in this
I could never slip in a hammock on the
zipline oh boy Oh much that makes me
sick oh you got it where's the point how
would you get there like this
