yo guys what's goin on we got a food
review going down today
you guys I think Noah's finally starting
to like the swing straight chillin right
there I don't think he likes it the
other way like this way he likes it this
week that's kind of how I rock him when
I hold him I don't know who knows but
he's not complaining right now he was
looking up at the little mirror thing
little animals right now it's a success
and I was able to eat lunch whoo maybe
I'll actually fall asleep in there who
knows anyways it's Monday the dreaded
monday morning i hope you guys to have a
fun day daddy sweet you know I slipped
in bed this morning together for an hour
to it was pure bliss now it's dad's turn
what's up guys it is raining like crazy
and I had to go shopping and I got
rained on so that was fun but we're
having kind of like a lazy dinner I
really wanted to try the jalapeno
mcdouble burger of McDonald's and I it's
the worst you know when you order
something and you're like really excited
about it and then they give you the
wrong order yeah that just happened to
me they gave me a regular cheeseburger
consider mcdouble but Jen got a happy
meal and I went back and got my mcdouble
and the happy meal comes with apples so
I don't hear anything from you guys
she's eating healthy right I like a
dainty the drink is though hey I got you
apple slices I'm a dainty girl I got ya
four slices and this guy
good to go I guess like a you and your
throne he's not like a little amusement
ride we've got this handy dandy little
tripod thing going it's like being
weighed down by my camera though yo guys
what's going on we got a food review
going down today it's the jalapeno makes
double chins look at me like I'm a crazy
man which I am as you can see here i got
the jalapeno mcdouble that's something
from mcdonalds look at that doesn't that
just look disgusting you got let's see
let's open that up lots of jalapenos
some ranch sauce and some dirty patties
let's see how it tastes
jalapeno business our focus I'm not
gonna lie this is what I like speaks to
my Dominicans out there a buen tiempo
mmm-hmm it's pretty good idea of it like
an 8.5 out of 10 if you like how
opinions and you like ranch try it out
only get one and only get one every
couple months so you don't get that cuz
I'm a terrible influence on America guys
don't drink pop and get mcdonalds once
in your lifetime and that's eight what'd
you think of that food review your weird
car those apple slices Lou taste me hey
Matt hey how's it going mad oh oh hello
Walt Disney stash you look like a marine
that's right Lois Griffin daddy right
now hi buddy oh look at that face never
seen the camera is like mom put that
bloody camera away hi buddy mom I just
want to play my game hey Jen where's my
shirt no I see ash where's more of my
shirts than I do she steals all my
clothes hi just threw wheat thin at me I
was open the cameras to be focused I
knew that it would be the teachers of
wheat men hitting your head like that oh
damn missed I hate you perfectly on
before huh hey there's no I told UTV
sure i'll give you know looking back on
your shirt maybe one more shot to try to
me that hit me on your forehead
they'll that hair though I am because
this is what I looked like in middle
school hey don't care hey let's go to
the rock usually huh Sam did have
combed front bangs in middle school you
know the ones would think they're gelled
yo vloggerfair next week and we're
taking you guys with us so you're ready
to meet some more peeps and we're also
going to meet some of you guys but you
guys be in our blog if we meet you is it
cool if you're in the blog cuz I'm
totally vlogging yet you guys are ready
is next weekend next nothing we can next
weekend if you're in the Seattle area
and you something on your tickets guys
there's a link discount we wanna give
you guys wanna see you do we're excited
hope you come next week next week ah I
got butterflies just thinking about it
cuz I'm so excited guys you're sending
us too much mail oh my goodness look at
someone you've been sent as a baby
looking all that mail oh my goodness you
believe this this is mill that it's like
from this month did you get my letter to
get that we have got everything holy cow
been busy time so much stuff so we're
gonna show a little bit like one to two
minutes every single vlog for the next
couple days however long it takes you
guys are crazy crazy wellness baby
someone sent us a baby people the fam
occur has spoken you guys gave a lot of
shirt ideas like close to 500 let's see
some of the most common Noah drinking SI
racha or something with SI racha with us
on it that's a common idea Diane wants
some v necks for the ladies I think we
can make that happen John had a good
idea with a jersey type of shirt with
Sam across the back and then Amy added
the number should be 14 since they
started blogging in 2014 you guys are
awesome I'm not sure what the walking
Snell was the first person to say this
but basically something to do with we
just don't buy cookies and sweets and
that was the top thumb stuffed comment
Jenica sitting understanding amongst
towering piles of cakes cookies candy
with the caption we just don't buy
cookies or sweets like oh you guys
you're like your jaco posted that and
everyone's like you and I was like holy
thumbs up
never was just gonna use yeah I think
cookies and sweets and two out yeah like
Noah's yearning to ranchers when you're
like the top comments well you guys are
like a cartoon version of us or just
something cool with the logo or all the
catchphrases or other songs that's what
we might do is have a vote it seems like
cookies and sweets is the most popular
option right now we're just kind of
crazy I thought they'd want yeah like
more of a cartoon version of iOS be like
at now oh it could be a cartoon version
of you eating cookies and sweet as 2 pi
didn't think they'd want like that as
the first shirt yeah we plan on having
like a couple so yeah cookies and sweets
shirt is definitely gonna happen will
happen first I don't know it's really
possible now it seems like that's what
you guys really want to see how worried
I don't know how I feel about that you
are your shirt with myself on it with
how it cookies and sweets how do you
feel about that would you wear that
there's a baby version oh yeah mommy I
love it so we're gonna bring these ideas
to them and see what they say and maybe
we can get like a mock-up or something
and if it's cool we'll go for it and
keep you guys updated I'm excited I'm
really excited I'm really I think this
is gonna be sweet people were saying
like it to be grey for Noah yeah no I
gray yeah so we'll try and make
different kinds like I think we can do
you know like a girl's version of the
shirt a guy's version so that everyone
is happy yep so like we said from here
until the time so like we said from here
until we have shared everything we're
gonna go over the Mel at you guys have
sent some of you are very diligent
writing things like please open on the
 well we're gonna go over everything
it just might take a couple days but a
little bit at a time okay let's do it
okay first off we'll cut beautiful this
penmanship and everything about this
card is beautiful penmanship amazing we
just want to congratulate you christened
Jordan on your new baby coming up 20
weeks there's nothing more now probably
moon pune too well congratulations and
we're so happy for you guys and wish you
the best of what we're thinking about
you guys these letters that i read it
man get the Kleenex you guys are awesome
we love you could enjoy are you guys
rock hey y'all I'm Laura Lynn banks from
Wyoming by the way you pronounce my name
like Laura Lynn that's not a white on
the accident yeah why'd you make her so
southern hey I'm from oh hi Laura Lynn
thank you for your letter she drew this
picture and she gave me great facial
hair I would you actually have that
picture right now I'm terrible driver
you guys are pretty awesome it's your
favorite thing that you've ever done jet
is going I think that's a lot of people
to hang on so shout out to Wyoming in
the orland thank you so much Ariel for
making this for us and it's so fun um
google hangout in with you and Claire
and we just love you guys Thank You
Divya and India India guys India sent
this cute little nose art on dzone q
oh my god you school hands in there
Thank You Divya Allison from Colorado
just did a marathon oka a few days ago
and caught up on all our vlogs you sent
us this cute little baby booties and
blanket thinking it matches his puppy I
know thank you so much simple Colorado
she also says go android so um where's
my phone go android jennifer smith where
did you find a baby with hands that
small first of all that's great secondly
congratulations you're getting married
and we think that is awesome third of
all guess who's the boss you are this is
a sweet and I'm I love it six to nine
months you guys with it then you can
wear it no no that's perfect because we
do have a lot of clothes for am right
now and as early age so I'll be so glad
congratulations on your wedding coming
up so that was this little sneak peek of
all the mail we're gonna keep doing
every single day you guys seriously uh
if I think you hard about it i get
really uh some of you just like
sacrifice so much to give us the stuff
and we just feel overwhelmed it's very
overwhelming can I just hope that our
videos can at least give a little bit
back to you guys and that's kind of just
reading the letters and things I'm glad
that like we're able to help out with
you guys too so what's up man anyways
guys that was today's vlog tomorrow we
have a lot more fun coming so we will
see you then you wanna say anything I
love you guys I love you Oh kisses
mm-hmm we love you guys cool makeup we
get all those brushes stop it came with
the toothbrushes the toothbrushes
goodness see you later oh please just on
time
on you everything that I see our Johar
love and emotion endlessly I can't get
over you
