hi mama hi mama hi mama
beauty guru hi mama oh who do we have
for you look at this handsome young man
getting ready for church
got ya pants on your socks like that
shirt look at you little handsome guy
you ready for church yep give me good
hope so oh yeah you like nodded yes I'm
really excited we are getting
happy Sunday YouTube fame it's probably
Monday but happy Sunday are you doing
one taking a robot not a real bug yep
this guy went to church today and slept
well you didn't really sleep you just
chilled in his car seat did he smell an
under your binky he also went through
two different outfits today both of his
little sudden the outfits that's my boy
that's my boy so we just got home and
I'm gonna cook up some lunch
what it's 255 so Leonard I'm gonna cook
up some litter for the fam and we're
gonna eat cuz everyone is starving uh
guys this is literally my last Baja
blast four cases have lasted me this
long a couple people have tweeted me
locations of places that still have it
in the area I think we're gonna have to
go on a hunt on Monday tummy time champ
tummy time Jay while I'm cooking winter
I'm hanging out with somebody go okay
let's do it
um I might not include that I'm just
kidding
guys I'm hanging out right now we just
made dinner actually it was linor and we
have some new peeps that I've never hung
out with like Don Pedro right here dude
what's up yeah what time is it there hey
what time is it there oh my goodness
yeah and I also just realized that I
haven't even posted a vlog today so
sorry all my people in England it's Don
Pedro's fall Elizabeth where you at my
channel is Elizabeth 343 and you guys
can find me on Twitter as the same name
shoutout yeah hold on I gotta show
everyone else we I'm hanging out with
Amy Arielle and we already saw it on
page one Elizabeth Gabi's here Keeley's
here with the cupcake sheep oh wait let
me go back to Gabby because I didn't get
her waving
what's up Gabby yep
just full sriracha
Kimberly's here she's not feeling well
but she's gonna start feeling better
after this hangout I can already tell
Raquel's here what's up Raquel Tiffany's
here Tiffany's always in black and white
which is pretty cool and that's why
sometimes I go black and white light
come on there we go
breaking news his real name is not Don
Pedro what is it really
coolest name ever and everyone's minds
have been officially
hey I'm with Mike from kechi from the
flip side and these live vlogging right
now during this hangout look at this
what the crap is that oh my gosh a giant
bouncy thing and what is that a live
vlogging right now this is insane I wish
I was it's bouncy
it's like the Battle of us belong mr.
arms I have not been laying here but
they have if you can that nothing better
than a Sunday nap huh yeah this guy's
been pretty content lately what's up man
how's your Sunday gone I think you seem
to sleep all the night
Yeah right buddy yeah you having long
stretches during the day it's not get
sleep oh yeah daddy I'm gonna get a full
eight hours of sleep baby
sandesh eggy-baby bras like the mate'
stuff and I was like you have a Muffy
mat they add Dave a day well it turns
out let's see this right here you have
hot mat day and day today which is
kolmad day which you make hot and then
you add ice and lemon or fresh mint to
taste so the Matta I was tasting was
basically this which had been hot and
then it was made cold and they added a
little raspberry you really couldn't
taste the raspberry though so every
night at midnight
every night every night that was a
crooked this happens every night
midnight every mine a midnight every
night at midnight he's awake he's awake
but yeah every night I was thinking guys
no not every night except last night I
was thinking two weeks until vloggerfair
do you think I could go without pop or
soda for two weeks no well we'll finish
this conversation in just one moment
hold on guys hold on we'll be right back
gotta be good dad this kid he eats so
much that I honestly can't eat enough to
like keep up with him and I've eaten a
lot today and I just have no milk right
now and so we have two important places
he makes it so funny this time isn't as
bad as other time the other night
oh ma she was screaming case he doesn't
realize he's like what is this I'm
drinking I think he's liking it better
than the last time he this is like this
is a little bit we put like what 2
tablespoons of sugar it's honey and a
pinch of sriracha mm yeah he's not a
huge fan of it yet some days are better
than others today yesterday I had no
problem all day day before had no
problems that some day they just don't
produce as much relax try the car you
need to rust
eat more Jenna just out no I really I'm
not wearing too much like anymore
because there's nothing yeah what
everyone else is gonna say I am resting
guys I am eating enough and I'm drinking
a ton - some days are better than others
I won't - no gonna walk trying to think
about how much I love my baby I know
what it is he's like this is what he's
thinking right now
ooh well dad your milk isn't quite like
mom baby cool dude
you're trying to give him the formula
last time he's like mom this is not the
right this was not the right recipe
maybe was that time you give him the
formula when I'm really low yeah he's
like oh my dad just doesn't taste good
but yeah heck I don't care how it is
what it is
good job dad I'm but next time you're
giving it to him again because he's
didn't get a lot better when I mixed it
really really really good this time -
did you make this did you mix it really
really really good anyway so cute I
think you guys have the same eye shape
seriously I've been looking at the more
my eyes are a loss like Noah always has
wide eyes like his dad look at that both
right no he just has my brown color
okay creep don't scare everyone also
he's losing a little bit more hair on
the sides it's slowly slowly going you
sound like the kid on Hey Arnold and he
gets punched in the face all these new
insurance just got me feeling that way
this camera really goes in close okay
guys I need your help because well I was
going to talk about this later but it's
kind of I don't know I'm really excited
we are getting sanika shirts have you
guys seen how sweet the knife Noll
shirts are look at that they're brutal
ooh well I spoke with that company and
they're gonna design us is sure to
they'll make a custom graphic whenever
we want so this is what I want from you
guys I know a lot of you guys have said
that you want shirts I want a shirt my
mom wants a shirt
maybe my grandma wants a shirt she
watches the suit and she's 19 years old
Jenna wants a shirt no no one's a shirt
they're skyping with so I want you guys
to help me out what should the design be
what should we have on it if you get a
sanika shirt do you just want the logo
do you want something like related to us
do you want si Racha do you want Jenna
cos face any ideas are great because I
told the lady that was hanging - I said
all right we're gonna figure this out
I'm gonna ask everyone what they want
and then we'll decide and this will be
an exclusive shirt that we'll just do
for a while and then after the other
time we'll do another show so guys I
need your help let me know what the
shirt should be like give me some ideas
what you would wear what you think would
be cool and maybe I'll give you a shout
out if we use your idea okay maybe you
know wait shout out maybe we'll give you
a free shirt yeah let's do it
ending the vlog hey say goodbye guys all
right guys we need your help I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog I said today's
vlog was like in my top 10 that's
because sometimes I think I'm funny when
I'm really not so hope you guys enjoyed
it help us out we need ideas and we'll
give it a free shirt sweet we'll see you
tomorrow
peace
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
