today watching uh unboxing John's
hangout his little boy oh dude you look
happy today well you look happy every
day feeling good guys you guys gave me a
lot of flack for the two inches
yesterday to be honest I wasn't even
tired it was just a mistake
you know sometimes editing is like
typing you have typos sometimes you
don't spell check but you still get that
a that's why I tweeted out yesterday I
just thought it's funny how people are
like forgiving me like two intros but
it's okay it's like yo you know know
ain't nobody perfect and these vlogs
ain't gonna be perfect I'm gonna do
intros whenever I want to like now roll
it
Downeast the right house is finally open
today last time I came here it was
closed so this week apparently you can
get things here with other people's name
on it - Preston cold November 7 2012
Jen's finally starting to spend her
birthday money that girl she shouldn't
even know how to swipe the card like
they were like all right this is your
toe blown she went to set the card she
started swiping it with a pen goes
because she barely buys anything like no
joke but she did order something from
makeup nothing makeup geeks like a
youtuber or something maybe that's her
company and she's really excited so I'm
gonna go bring her this I'm so happy you
feel like another nature
hey everyone today's been pretty
laid-back it's Saturday and Jen's dad
and her stepmom was gonna fly back to
California today but their flight got
pushed back so they're flying back later
tonight so we've been hanging out we
went out to lunch we ran some errands
and its really good for Jen to get out
of the house and just get things done
that you know normally are more
difficult when it's just you and a bee
so it's been fun another thing that I've
been obsessed with lately is the cierva
mob they drink so Jen's family drinks a
lot of Europe I'm at a like hot they'll
heat it up some water and then put it in
a little bag and it's just like you know
kind of like an herbal tea kind of thing
and I started drinking like the cold
drinks and they're like super refreshing
it's not like Baja blast it's more of an
acquired taste like I can't say that you
guys would like it but I'm just obsessed
with it this one's a raspberry day today
then it hey it is I don't know I just
love it I'm not like a huge breakfast
person I need to like consume more in
the morning so I wouldn't bought like a
bunch of them for work next week but I
went to Whole Foods and when I came out
there was this family outside that was
begging for things they to sign in
different things like that and initially
I was like oh man I wish I could do
something to help you know all I have is
this year of amante and I I don't carry
cash like often at all sorry guys I'm
recording this on my couch now because I
was recording it with the other camera
and sometimes when he had the record
button on the other camera it doesn't
work and then you hit it to stop it and
you end up recording three minutes of
your like in the car but I walked to my
car and I noticed that there was a car
next to mine it looked like a kid from
their family like they had to be related
if you go to Whole Foods there's like a
weird vibe there of just interesting
people it's not the people you see at
Walmart it's the people you see at Whole
Foods and the kid was playing on like a
brand new galaxy s galaxy s5 like
unwrapping and things like that and I
was like yeah so interesting the way
people think you might not be related to
them I'm guessing you was I guess I was
just slightly bothered because I feel
like sometimes we judge all people that
are struggling based on one occurrence
and I didn't want that to happen in this
case it was just kind of like sad to me
to see that maybe these people were
taking advantage of others either way we
should always help others and lift other
people up know
to target I swear every time I go to
Target these days it's to get some
breast pads and it's usually just me so
it's kind of awkward
because I don't need breast pads the
birthday package I ordered from makeup
geek has arrived
KP baby and I will show you what I got I
just got some brushes some eyeshadows
and this is a panic cuz I'm planning on
getting some blushes later when they get
restocks they're all freaking sold out
all the ones I want at least so let's
get to it okay so I didn't get too much
I just got three eyeshadows a Z palette
and for eye brushes but I'm planning on
getting some more stuff lay there with
more birthday money
just one thing get back in stock so I
just got a medium deep Alex I don't I
don't really where I showed that much so
I didn't want like a huge one I'm just
gonna put the couple eyeshadows I do
have and then when I get a couple
blushes I'm gonna just throw them in
there as well if they fit so I just want
to like a smaller one just so it's not
like to both be in there so she's got
the medium size most of you probably
won't care about this most some of you
girls might care about this
I don't know anyways then I got three
eyeshadows I got creme brulee purely
naked and latte because I like neutrals
and so I wanted to play it safe and just
get some of these ones this time and I'm
really excited to try them because I
hear the formulas just amazing
and then I got just four eyeshadow
brushes so I got like a pencil brush a
blending brush I got a crease brush like
a fluffy brush that's what I got I try
to keep that short and sweet so because
most of you probably don't care
but yeah I'm really excited so let you
know how I like the stuff later yay
and today I also got a tart blush that
my cousin has and I really liked it so I
got it and some brow powder I did it I
went ahead and got honest Asya Beverly
Hills brow powder I was gonna do it I
was just gonna get like like a drugstore
brand one but everyone loves it I'm like
if everyone loves it it's for a reason
and my friend loves it my friend has the
brow powder and she loves it so I got it
so we'll see how that works out I'm just
going crazy guys I've never gone this
crazy before but hey I have the birthday
money so why not right cuz I don't spend
my own money on it all right don't you
later hope it a fun day wait so I just
saw the family again this time at Target
and this time he had a sign that said he
needed gas and he had a gas tank but his
daughter was sitting there with them and
she was on her iPod so
I'd probably improve my approach for him
but it seemed to work at Whole Foods I
think they just gave him stuff like go
away though ah
we are definitely far from rich I just
have been out of school for how many
months now three months now
three yeah like three months now got a
job and it's you know it's paying the
bills you know but I have enough to eat
that's for sure
so next time if we see them it looks
like it's something they do on Saturdays
I'm just gonna grab some sandwiches from
the deli or something and give it to
them because I feel like that's one of
the best things you can do sometimes
people need money but food and things
like that are definitely most important
so I could definitely use something now
about I talked about it yesterday about
doing that to enjoy Saturday like new
thing but I think I might actually start
doing to enjoy Tuesdays really jokes um
you guys did on purpose did he do it
good job grandpa good job crab ha he
still doesn't know what he wants his
grandpa name to be so if any of you guys
have a name to just let me know if we
can't have a good name like don't say
grandpa drop grandpa cut or grandma
grandma grandma Coco's lose can't
because we have grandparents on both
sides and because up and it's just it
just won't work so my mom's Gigi and I
think it's really cute cuz she's really
cute
my dad needs to figure out his name so
he doesn't know what he wants it doesn't
want to be grandpa and Sam's parents our
grandma and papa
so he would like some help on what he
should be called and his wife and said
they should be grandmother and
grandfather but he want something more
fun so if you have any suggestions let
us know but no it goes thanks guys this
kid loves tummy time he's here she loves
it he kicks his legs back and forth he
moves his head from side to side and
most of the time he falls asleep
although he's he just fell asleep
earlier than he woke back up cuz I
didn't get fell out
good job Bubba yeah I'm about to go out
and shoot some hoops with my third baby
right here ain't that right thug daddy
ready go shoot some hoops you ready okay
let's go little Saturday night me ball
okay let's see it
uh-oh I'm gonna give Sam five random
spots mission 25 different spots on the
court and he has to make it from each
spot in a row let's do this we handle it
spin ahead with it okay first shot top
of the key
okay right on that crack no no this
crack right here that's really crack try
again okay there you go
okay third shot on the corner of the
free-throw line fourth shot right here
yep fifth shot ooh
there you go we'll do a six-shot since
you missed one
big shot hold on
soon as I get on the court Austin there
better be on point six yeah yeah because
you missed whenever we do it
sixth row on the outside in the middle
somewhere over there yes somewhere
between the three and the yeah right
there perfect trio first seven zero four
seven they go for an eighth okay just
came in from basketball in this dudes
like plotting on how to take over the
house well first matter of business
let's see
let's see mommy and daddy I will have
you wrapped around my fingers in no time
- how many brushes I mean know which one
is what which one does what I mean
goodness we're gonna paint a picture on
your face
this guy's sleeping I look really tiny
right now cuz I'm like chunk down
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog some
makeup tips right here makeup brushes Oh
makeup haul yeah sort of yerba mate they
helping others and lots of other things
lots of interest by there's two things
that I'm really excited to talk about
but I can't yet so we'll figure that out
and hopefully we'll talk about it soon
see you later
on you you everything that I see our
Johar love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you
