hey guys luncheon there's way that my
beautiful stepmother there's the groom's
father and my father their brothers tell
us Jordan she's pregnant she's pregnant
with a baby girl named Cassie her dad's
gonna punch my stuffing
however there's the bride and groom
that's my cousin Josh this is my cousin
Nick there's my aunt Audrey there's my
uncle rush this is my aunt Lysa this is
my cousin grete oh this is No he has
such big lips
and then we're gonna go home family
here's the bride she's about to get very
baby hungry Josh this is your future
guys this is video that's my cousin Josh
he married a beautiful my cousin's
pregnant
he's just sitting on her belly on the
belly
I guess she's named her baby cuz II
we're just chilling because we don't
wanna help you guys should have figure a
related to the gripe like gripes from
Ellen time drives the biggest show your
beauty skills Kate your beauty skills
her booty skills that's right they can
they don't they don't need to know the
camera man zoom in everyone this is Nick
tell us about yourself Caitlin's Carter
this is Nick yes this is Katie you know
this is Bri and this Jordan you thought
you met her sister Brittany yeah oh yeah
oh yeah and his they're brother and
sister and their sisters we're not a
couple people who's taking us all
weekend it's because she's browning my
wife this is true I like
I put the kids in our family are brown
and neither dick or white he chose this
guy was like breeze all expertise
services I'm Brown my sisters white he's
white ways brown hey so we're just
heading to my cousin's wedding reception
we're at the luncheon earlier now it's
perception and it's at the wheeler farm
that we came to that one weekend so look
we didn't come to this part but look at
there's a cows here and stuff Sam and
the baby yeah I thought they were
worthless to their cows we got their
horses so it should be fun night and
let's take you along okay I just felt
really silly thinking that like that
this is bellow grandpa great-grandpa
bellow
whoa
there's some right
hey guys this on this what you guys
fight Josh just got me
you take it now
his wife is really pretty they are
somewhere over there get it low we're
getting low
I just filmed her butt
this is brother-sister dancing together
this guy's like you're dancing together
my family
No this donation PC let's do it
this is my other cousin Justin DJ Justin
DJ
nobody loves me forgot my other brother
girl
the whole thing loud music sparklers
banging tables cups slept through it all
straight chillin straight flexing right
there with something on his head
straight chillin straight chillin in
there three months she's hurting my ribs
really bad yeah she'll drop for that
Aki's that mean Familia how was the
wedding gift fun congratulations Josh
gonna LexA felicidad is this summer is
going by really fast and in two weeks
we'll be in Seattle and we're really
exciting that's Collette message s
yesterday and she's like I'm going to
vlogger fair too and we're like convince
her to go she's going so fun I'm so
excited I can't wait to meet everyone
yeah I don't everyone a person that can
I feel like oh we've already met them
all oh but we have it in person basic
games give me so fun hopefully you guys
enjoyed today's vlog believe you're
having a great weekend we love you guys
and we'll see you tomorrow
poof sometime
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
