hey guys let's see what's today day 207
it's been officially 205 days since I've
accidentally deleted and edited vlog
the vlogging struggle is real I just
tweeted out like a couple minutes ago I
was like guys just up dozing off editing
I just created a mumble jumble of clips
hashtag sleep montage oh my goodness it
has been 245 for five day to anyone was
here on day two were gone back into the
marathon iike you know what happened
that day to day two I dropped my
portable hard drive two terabytes and it
was right after I'd edited the second
vlog effort and everything was lost this
is mostly Wednesday's footage it's
actually Thursday right now and I am
sleep-deprived can you tell yeah let's
make this interesting look at different
angles hey what's going on hey so I had
gotten a new version of my editing
software and it's different to use and
different things like that and I I
started to get a little drowsy again and
I do we did the entire edited vlog that
took me twice as long to edit because I
was like fall asleep at the wheel while
editing I'm not even mad it's kind of
funny actually I'm kind of mad cuz I'm
gonna edit it again yeah
the editing is lost but the footage
isn't so uh-huh we're gonna have a
double vlog day one of these days this
week oh man oh man yeah yeah and you
were never done something like that
before
woo deleted it right out of the trash
can the project I just created that was
sweet
Wow let's see summary should I give you
a summary no cuz I'm gonna edit the vlog
anyways you know Jenny looked beautiful
and yesterday's vlog what happened I'm
just no no I can't show anywhere below
because there's feeding going on and
this kid likes to freakin eat guys he's
going through a gross spur this week and
it is insane I'm throwing out of milk
you look tired too I'm tired
why does that kid not going through a
growth spurt
I mean but now normally I'd probably
edit it again but it's 10:38 I wake up
at like 6:00 and I've seriously been
getting like three hours of sleep
because little guy has not been
cooperative with the new work schedule
but to be honest I've woken up like whoa
ready to go and it's been good I've
enjoyed work I've enjoyed this new time
I feel like a normal person again
- well sleep well guys I just can't help
it I'm a night owl like my dad um I just
just want to say one thing for many
people this is gonna be a great week in
the vlogs I can guarantee it
do you know why because my family's in
town I've been having a lot of fun a lot
of cute fun people have been holding me
including my cute grandpa what did I say
grandpa
I mean my beautiful great-grandmother
okay so instead of rien de ting I'm
gonna edit it another day post two blogs
maybe I don't know it will all work out
but I want you guys to get a sneak peek
of tomorrow because something happened
today that was both amazing beautiful
funny the best I'm just gonna give you
three or four or five seconds Bella is
Jenn's grandma and you guys are gonna
meet her tomorrow so she is the best she
is a hoot
she traveled here for a wedding and I
don't think she's been on an airplane in
over 20 years
she also isn't love it no so there I
know my mom watches this mom lookit look
how tired am mom look it yep I actually
feel like I'm back in high school were
you just like doing homework or
something you like get drowsy and then
you wake up you're like well my notes
are weird or just fall asleep doing
random stuff I just get my G
I just got my diaper change hip-hip
sweatband my head is a size two diaper
looks so weird
you guys I just like he's doing it's
trying to entertain you trying to
entertain you for this one date another
chain you are my son
baby you just wasted paper you know how
fast we go through those yeah hey all
for you guys yo dudes night
let's give underwear on your head you're
very whitey tighties you can't believe I
deleted the vlog I could get mad I could
get upset but it's way too late and I
need to be more rational line decisions
so I apologize guys hopefully you
enjoyed at least this little snippet and
I promise to make it up to you this
weekend it's gonna be good let's yes
okay anyways guys I hate doing stuff
like this
but sometimes you know this is the real
world this is a real vlog I can't think
about it I wasn't upset now that I think
about be doing the blog I am upset
so hey we'll see you tomorrow tomorrow's
vlog isn't me great peace yeah crap
happens
good night YouTube fam I love you just
hold on
you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
