hello YouTube here we mentioned that
this guy is the size at one month of a
two-month baby the average to my baby
this guy yeah he's kind of skipping
phases of life I don't know if this
growth will keep going but sitting here
and like dude this guy's a month old and
I feel like he's just like laying around
just like yeah
what did you tell him I used in the 96
percentile
just going way too fast already you're
only a month old you're just going to
keep growing for years and years to come
well dad I want to be a professional
bowler one day and bowlers have big legs
and I look at my arm Oh get that camera
out of here
get that camera out of my face get that
me you searching for daddy's boobies
right now daddy had movies
so I just went to the post office and we
got a big package from Katie Clark in
Australia Australia I can't believe you
guys are all spread out that much
it's unbelievable why I like forget that
sometimes and stuff like this really
blows me away so we really need to do a
mailbox soon I know it's been a while
and part of it is just because it's hard
to like film together me and Jen and do
that it takes a while it takes a while
to open up stuff in that edit and things
like that which is definitely a first
world vlogging problem we really
appreciate it guys you you y'all are way
too nice I say that so much but it's so
true we have the best eating Finn that
exists playing ball it's gonna sell
bundled up resting sometimes they're
stealing would say more Mountain shots
so here you go and in the clouds chat
they finally learned their lesson and
put chained nets on the basketball hoops
side note I Skyped Austin today and I
was like gonna talk smack I called him
and I had my camera set up so I was
playing basketball well I made like a
bunch of shots but he didn't see him and
then when we got it figured out I was
terrible getting all the bad shots out
now if you want to see that here's a
glimpse of it but the rest is on his
channel so you picked the wrong time to
Skype me yeah you know just want to let
you know that I'm working out right now
yeah we just saw you miss a bunch of
shots it was great yeah well let me just
set this up again and I'll hit like ten
more right yeah okay all right let's see
all right there we go we made one oh we
made a layup he made a layup OKC makes
it oh my goodness
he's part of me I could never make any
shots on camera
I really want to get those but Jen says
I've been buying too many sweets so I'm
not going to that has very wild berry in
lemonade you're gonna be disappointed
I know we gotta give it away did you
film it I got it like the last part of
it well the funny part is is there was a
guy that was playing before me I saw
these guys playing the grand game and I
went up in one and I think they're mad
at me when I was checking out there's a
guy he was putting a dollar in and I was
like oh man a grown man playing a great
game I like that guy and then I was
checking out and then I go over and he
was gone so I was like I'm gonna play
and I got that night Elson he was behind
me
so did you use his dollar no no no I use
my own dollar but I think I might have
got the cow that he might have wanted
but it wasn't like a when I say a girl
man I mean it what he was like 21 like
only he was trying to get anything for a
kid or anything so I didn't feel bad oh
my gosh okay who wants it
yeah no it doesn't want her doing this
buddy you want this yes exactly so we're
gonna give it to what do you guys look
it's like the complete opposite of the
one that Keeley sent us men how are you
feeling tonight he actually looks almost
completely bald while filming this but
he still has hair guys on the side gonna
be a cue ball baby there was so many big
smiles now you just look concerned I
think you only smiled when he cried
look at that face hi all little dimples
guys I've just I've just already has
tiny little dimples by the sides of his
mouth right here but not like mine cuz
they're just tiny little and drinking Oh
boobies mouth the roughest thing I know
has to go through each day is pooping
rough life that's for about two hours
and then it finally comes out pooping
pooping and just making sure you get fed
baby life yeah the book yeah there's one
right here and did your dimples like
your mama
just a little no eyes are different than
mine I can't wait til you smile not just
when you're pooping oops well this
happens every night mni every my name in
there every night at midnight he's awake
he's awake every night at midnight every
night at midnight every night at
midnight he's awake he's usually crying
but not tonight his tooth as a cucumber
every night at midnight every night a
midnight every night at midnight every
night at midnight I have work in six
hours no seven hours yes wait I have
work in seven hours but it don't matter
because every night every day what
doesn't matter how much sleep I think I
might have only gotten an hour you stay
but it don't matter because I have to
say
that mochi a las doce kaleyoday a las
doce ya every night at midnight we are
going to do a hangout for five minutes
actually I get seven minutes chances I
have to be asked by 12:20 it's 1213 a.m.
okay
so whoever's on Twitter right now let's
read this link out just coming out for
five minutes before we go to bed oh snap
what's up man what's going on dude it's
just me and you
Oh what's up Cassidy hey what's going on
I'm good hey what's going on oh my gosh
Jen said wait how long am I allowed to
do this for two more minutes I'm only
allowed to do this for two more minutes
guys have you ever seen someone that
looks like this dive and see you guys
Carlos
Cassidy Ivan yes jack oh there we go
Jenna
Kylie Samantha there you are got
everyone alright see you guys
what's up y'all that hangout was totally
worth it four hours of sleep I felt
great today cuz I don't have you had
is no I really love doing those hangouts
it's fun just to get to know more people
and like Jaco his avatar is usually a
cat so like I had no clue it looked like
and then we're like talking and I'm like
god dude you're jack oh that's cool
anywho we need to figure out how to give
away that zebra thing that I got and we
were going to do another giveaway for
guessing the weight and height of the
baby but some people tampered with that
and put in other results and I hadn't
saved everything before that so
sometimes you just can't have nice
things
that's what they say to us at work
sometimes that's why they can't give us
nice things cuz someone will break
something so I don't know we're going to
figure something out with this stuffed
animal that mat her brother was gonna
make too because we still want to give
that away basically any time I went on
the crane game give it an away I think I
don't know it's just something it's fun
my other camera is charging Jenna cos
feeding noir right now that's why she's
not here but I'm using the old camera so
I mean I can headbutt the crap out of
this you guys are awesome
I love most of you actually will see you
guys tomorrow
peace
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
