new schedule I made it to work I think I
got four hours of sleep last night but
I'm here I'm already off work it was
only a half day today because well the
man has to get a little procedure done
today and so I'm here to support him and
be there for him and hopefully it goes
well we're here at the doctors and one
man's had a rough day I've been here for
like two and a half hours yeah you know
there were a few tears shed today
she has watched the bike footage from
the sheäôs video one of those shots
and it was mine and it was by far one of
my favorite shots I've ever gotten he
has no choice I really wish I could have
helped out more with that but it was a
blast there was a lot of fun and even
though it was just for a couple hours I
was pretty stoked that some of my clips
got used you know I didn't get that many
I wish I could have gotten more but I
started off late in the race and I just
didn't get my mojo going but it was fun
it was good times
all right you guys we did the funny
thing about that too is that Blake was
wearing a black socks and I was like
dude you bought Cox man he's like yeah I
was like oh I'm from Illinois so I go me
too and then he said where he was from
and I was like dude I'm from the
neighboring city like we literally live
within like a 10-minute radius of each
other growing up it's a small world
today has been a weird day it's been a
weird one it was really nice today and
then it started raining both
figuratively and physically all right
just everything we everyone is doing
much better now than they were doing at
4 p.m. today 5 p.m. 6 p.m. it's like 9
o'clock now I'm just going to get some
groceries and things Noah already needs
like a size tube diaper so yeah
God take care of my family got to take
care of them so I'm gonna go get some
food and things that we need and we're
just gonna settle in for the night poor
little baby little dinner in the bedroom
tonight oh oh
Boar's Head turkey that's the brand it's
really good stuff j-dog since his
favorite he works at a deli turkey with
cheese tomato lettuce some nacho cheese
dress at your request and a strawberry
cream cheese little Danish and glacier
fries Gatorade there's some deli mustard
and a little mayonnaise on the side if
you want I can put it on for you now go
get yours so you can eat with me well
dinner in the bedroom cuz Noah had a
rough day so we've just been hanging out
in the bedroom since we got mom he's
been sleeping and crying and he's been
really good though guys so sad we were
able to give him a little a little
Tylenol
infants tylenol so that's been helping
take the edge off things until is just
uncomfortable but all your prayers have
been wonderful and I can definitely tell
he's been comforted by that because he
hasn't been screaming as much as he was
earlier so we really appreciate it guys
we love you I got the roast beef wrap
spicy nacho one of those little things
to try and some Zika water cuz there was
a coupon I got a coupon then I went up
and it had expired coupon had expired
and I was like alright I don't know buy
this because there's expensive and then
the dude was like you I got this take my
coupon and over written over and over
right it's guys a little Superman Jamie
shirt on tonight and he's a Superman
yeah next your superpowers seriously
bedside eating tonight we should have
put on YouTube on that screen here
they're dancin baby watching some vlogs
boomers we've been pumping some vials
and dad gets to feed him now yeah it's
just staring at me
hmm also I've been bottles cuz sometimes
I get gets frustrated so far though it's
just been easier for house and the kids
today the whole thing you can't even get
him to eat earlier today know it come is
turn the corner yeah you're on the
corner of recovery the corner turn the
corner we're turning the corner and
we're heading down the road of
recurrence laughing he's not ready
dad's rockin Noah to sleep tonight Oh
for this round of sleep today
let's just fit this way for probably an
hour straight this kid Whaley go back to
the beginning today this guy had a
procedure
absolutely angel baby I mean for the
most part as much of an angel baby that
you could be during a procedure right
very quiet very still he's very good he
cried oh but we had little sugar drops
to help him and he really was good so
good but it didn't go as perfectly as
we'd hoped for and it's too bad it
wasn't it was in a way that we didn't
expect to I don't know yeah anyways he
cried very intensely for an hour
straight like purples
gasping for air just like wailing yeah
we called his best friend I'm like dude
breathe I mean it was bad and we were
just kind of like oh boy
so once he finally fell down and then he
was asleep but we still had to stick
around for a couple hours I didn't just
let alone know you wouldn't eat even do
that's true that's true once he finally
cry himself to sleep from just pure
exhaustion of crying um we gotta stick
around the hot like the doctors for
awhile to get things checked out make
sure things were not getting worse for a
couple hours yeah for a couple hours and
none of us would even know it to be like
an hour visit yeah yeah we weren't
expecting any of this to happen thing
then we finally come home and he's still
asleep yeah and I didn't like wake up
and like experience how he was feeling
and he was just in so much pain you
could just tell you could tell he was
just you could tell he was feeling pain
he was just crying again like wailing
and so it's some pretty rough we've been
able to give him some infant's tylenol
which has helped just like the smallest
amount uh not because we decided to we
talked to the branch retiree surgeon we
talked to an ER doctor we talked to a
lot of people right this was after I
mean he was going crazy
TenPoint worse you know there were a few
tears shed today and maybe even almost
here and because I was frustrated or I
don't know we just feel bad for him like
my teacher because I was mad at the
doctor and I just felt bad because there
was nothing I could do to help him well
when he was feeling if someone's pain
when I got home because he's very
bruised and
and it was just bad the cool thing is is
that I mean we believe in God we believe
in a lot of different things we believe
in prayer we believe in faith we believe
in you know various things and when we
asked people to help out then you
stopped crying yeah yeah we were like we
told family and then equal minutes later
we tweeted something yeah just like hey
guys I just think of Noah you know if
you could say proofer literally within
minutes he really settled down we settle
down calm down I was like wow I mean if
you believe in prayer and if you did
pray for him which I think a lot of you
guys did and thank you it totally helped
out yeah we're really grateful for all
the prayers we've been receiving on his
behalf because they really meant a lot
to us because we were a little while
today and it wasn't instant like yeah I
don't know where I mean since then he's
been really good yeah he wakes up just
to eat and he'll stay awake right in it
like right now for for like 30 minutes
and then he'll start dozing off which is
great and then he'll sleep for another
two out with Jewish hours so the prayers
have really helped you can tell like I
mean physically they've helped and
mentally for all of us they've really
been a blessing so thanks guys
yeah thank you so much for the prayers
they've been wonderful yeah we don't
have a lot of family out here in fact we
don't really have close close family
yeah
and so just one cousin you know
sometimes we have to rely on other
things
mm-hmm it's nice to have that support
right and I personally can feel the
prayers because I feel calm and a lot
better than I did before so I'm very
grateful for you guys
and if you don't believe in prayer it's
okay I love you just as much right we
feel like it really helped us out today
so thanks and on a side note that's
funny they absolutely matched today we
completely unintentional because I was I
went to work early this morning and came
back and had no idea what he was wearing
I was like Jen really where you think if
we noticed at the pediatricians office
we're like he's like Jen for my future
and then the nurse notice was like oh
you guys are matching is like yeah that
was a plant other side no this guy I
don't know if we talked about this we
started to talk about it but we were
kind of like our mental state was just
in another place got weighed and
measured today oh yeah
one month 12 pounds told him an ass yaks
ounces 12 and 1/2 pounds 23 inches long
96 percentile for his age for height and
weight if you had a hundred kids there
would be four kids taller and that was
way more than that yes what's funny is
that his head is still only 50% like we
say he had a big head that actually has
a normal head he's a big body and the
funny part is he's long enough that his
weight is like well dispersed so he's
like me I mean every baby's a little
chubby but he's not like yeah he doesn't
look chunky yet he's just starting to
get like little tiny roles
it's really cute let's ask him how he
feels today how you feeling bubby well
today was a day that I'd rather just not
remember um you know I thought I had
made a friend at the hospital but then
he just did something to me and I was
like excuse me sir excuse me
but then daddy and mommy were there the
whole time
mommy was gripping me and daddy was
there kind of consoling me rubbing my
head and I was you know I felt better
the other thing that's really sad that
happen is he cried his first real tears
when he was like wailing in the
hospital's office he cry real tears
mommy those weren't tears that was sweat
from my hard work and determination and
the man made of me so you guys noticed
in the last vlog but we had some
visitors over yeah I think sometimes
people don't get our humor because like
we've posted a clip yesterday this one
man and there's actually only like 50
VIP tickets left I think and we did it
because we thought it was funny to have
people over that someone might be like
hey oh hey oh it's a movie as we're like
that was the joke that was the joke I'm
bad at jokes
oh no I love those hilarious because
well I've never been like hanging out
with Ellie and Jared more and like we
want Jackson in and no one to meet and
stuff and so we finally infinitely hide
them over they finally were able to meet
him and like timers work out we just
thought it'd be funny if we just had
them just there we thought was funny so
but don't worry guys they'll see more of
them they thought it was funny too one
thing that we thought about doing with
them is getting together doing a Google
hangout and like cooking dinner while
we're doing the Google Hangouts like
coming back and forth hanging out
cooking dinner this it's it's nine-day
right now it is absolutely nine-day what
this kid was like earlier I try not to
exaggerate things but today was
crazy-ass Jenn which day was harder for
you the day you gave birth to Noah or
today it's a different pain but today
was definitely worse because birth was a
happy it was a guy it was a bad pain a
good pain because he entered the world
today was a very sad pain because I
couldn't take away my baby's pain and
that I think is the hardest thing for
mom is when you have a sick baby or
something and or hurt baby and you can't
do anything to fix it or take away their
pain and it's really rough so it was an
emotional day for me you could say we
are just so happy that he's content and
then he's showing signs of his normal
self so thank you everyone thank you for
your prayers thank you for your tweets
thank you for your kind comments thanks
for thinking of us thanks for being
there for us thank you for being part of
our YouTube family I really appreciate
it we felt all the love last night
especially in today and it's been
something really good we haven't had to
give him medicine for a while so he's
doing better made everything a lot
better so thank you see us tomorrow bye
peace this whole time going on
on you you everything that I see y'all
Joe hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
