happy Saturday YouTube BAM just
snuggling George Constanza are you just
trying right now is equal with both tops
of their heads
I'm gonna feed this kid and then some
friends are coming to meet him
hey guys so all my college roommates are
here to see the baby with their
significant others he has a baby right
now
oh look at you stop fussing were the two
Rowling's how's it feel holding my child
how weird is it why it's because he
looks so much like you
sometimes I look at them like I don't
think you look like a baby like yeah a
real baby we've been friends for over
five years and now they're holding my
baby no second time you're damn it the
first time all I did was oh yeah we did
ice cream yeah but the first time right
is I just zoom in on that face they're
all my favorite really you three are my
favorites
no we share the bed we did some nice
bonding sharing a bed no sir than that
unless you're both Baldy
time to pop one out so they can Bobby
baby no I don't even do it the students
been a good sport lately Oh a good baby
don't you've been a good baby is it cuz
we're making fun of you and your hair
that's hair even looks a little better
today never cries during meth and you
ready to get in there real bad this is
really bad start yeah should we do that
next century put you in the water
we're trying to measure him yesterday he
was like hanging off the table guys look
how cute he is in his little outfit one
of our Canadian friends sent this today
isn't that cute
we put them in some shorts and some
little sneakers oh he looks like a real
little boy and it's freaking me out
you're so cute and yes still a socks is
a new pair this time Oh cute will the
cute little face
seriously smell the right when I stopped
recording I knew that was gonna happen
if I pretend to turn the camera he'll
smile you smile Bubba
so just like a gentle Navy and Jen
actually bought something I did about
shirt but so you've spent she's
officially spent 30 percent of her
birthday like $69 the other day I make
up stuff wow I didn't know how much he
spent on that alright she just spent all
her birthday money clothes Jen feels
like pizza so we're going to pi5
how is it what kind of peaches you get
that's the chicken alfredo we got a
Caesar salad drinks I got some crazy
pizza there's only like 17 bucks you
can't really see it but the CrossFit
Games are going on right now and my
buddy is filming there my five is pretty
cool it's like the Chipotle of pizzas
yeah the worker um sometimes your places
and you're like at dudes on drugs and
both dudes were hunting drugs tonight
one of them was a Blackhawks fan though
so I don't know that was we talked about
that is cool let's focus on Jenna not me
it's pretty good though and cheap so fun
a little date night
Noah's third wheel in it day two someone
that a rough night still I don't know
semi rough morning no afternoon
hashtag baby cuddles hashtag gasps good
afternoon my fellow youtubers and I just
cooked up some lunch steak tacos I think
since I'll be home for dinner with my
new shift I'll probably be cooking up a
lot of dinner cuz this mama right here
she is one busy mama she got her hands
full and if I'm here at three o'clock as
well cook something up for the fam if
y'all cook up something for a little man
to a nice filet mignon maybe that beats
our last night
Sunday walk sunny it's hot this little
guys moaning and groaning he's not
overheated though he's just sleeping and
he's like uh
I feel like it's a school night because
with my old work schedule and me working
late on Monday it was like Sunday's were
just so relaxing I was always just like
man Sunday night feeling good I get to
sleep in if I need to and now it's like
ooh I gotta go to bed early
it's like a school night oh but maybe
it'll be good for us because kids don't
sleep in they're up by 7:00 you know
earlier when they get older - no it's
definitely gonna be good for us but I'm
just like man growing up life growing up
life oh hey guys we are super excited
because in 20 days and there's actually
only like 50 VIP tickets left I think 50
is affinity so I think they're like I
don't even know how much they cost but
if you use our code
sanika you get a discount 10% and I
don't get anything from that I'm just
trying to help you guys out we're gonna
see some cool people about your fare
we're excited about it if you're going
to ball your fare please let us know
because we want to meet up with you guys
we're excited all right 20 days and it's
going down hey everyone it is Monday you
guys just watched footage from Friday
and Saturday I don't even know kind of
confusing but today is Monday and today
is kind of a weird day because things
sometimes things don't always go your
way and this guy right here he needs
some extra care today so that's why the
vlogs that played real life real stuff
deserves real attention so we're doing
okay though better and we'll talk more
about that tomorrow
but don't worry about us don't worry
about this guy too much just say a
prayer for a little noah tonight
Madison hate a little procedure today
and it didn't go perfectly so we'll talk
about that tomorrow anyways we're still
in high spirits you love this guy you
really realize how much you love your
baby especially once things kind of get
funky yeah Jen might need a little pair
tonight too
whatever you guys will see you tomorrow
peace I just hold on
on you you everything that I see our Joe
hot love and emotion endlessly I can't
get over you
