happy Sunday YouTube fan today is July
27th and Noah gray is officially one
month old
what's up by the neck all scratched up
one month and the Brawn baby
Jen's taking pictures for his one-month
birthday I don't know if we're not
really celebrating one-month birthday
but whole weeks for the first year we're
definitely going to take pictures of him
every month so just see how he's changed
because he has changed a lot in the past
month most noticeably as you guys know
is that hair although he's still really
cute like oh no I'm in the light I'm in
the photographer's light this is the
life except he's been working on a big
poop all day and you can't get it out
look at these little one-month old feet
you know it's crazy he has a little
heart birthmark on his foot something
like that it's been there is whole life
so it must be a birthmark
you
yesterday we were shopping in this lady
that works at the store she came up to
him and she was like oh my gosh she
looks just like Daddy and got a nice
Bowl to start laughing you guys want to
see some of these photos I think we
should pose some of them how cute that
is
yes good job mama what's awesome is that
Sam's just as good with a camera as I am
so it's good to have him be able to take
some - oh hello Viet Grande I'm just
sweet bless you
Sam didn't even go to school for this
and he's probably why am i naked I am
officially going through puberty so
that's good I'm only 26 years old so I'm
in did you just give me a scowl you just
woke up happy one take Sunday everybody
I think either seats I just don't buy
cookies or sweets it's not a one take I
began a one take was this the fastest
month of your life was it cos this month
of my life was it everyone was it the
best month of your life
wasn't it was it trying challenging
month but it's the best month our lives
have truly changed a lot this year
multiple times just it just keeps
changing and it will forever change cuz
this guy will forever change this guy
right here okay you everyone know my
all-time favorite cookie is in the
entire world sticker girls and yet
you've never made snickerdoodles once in
the four years that we've almost been
made
never corbata my favorite I bought
snickerdoodles last night to celebrate
one month see I just don't buy them
because they're cookies and I don't
because we've almost uniball I don't buy
cookies yeah you got those last night in
there my for last you still like cookies
or sweets I just don't buy cookies or
sweets I love to make her do those I've
also eaten about two boxes of these by
myself they're really good
besides the day he was born what's been
your favorite day of the past month oh
I'm like my wife
what hello ladies okay we're really fun
in front of you and shingle at the fun
day it's fun that our friends are having
babies it's been really fun having a lot
family around I was like five days
that's like a week of days okay how
about you today today even though he
didn't sleep all night
that's why made me a stronger person I
haven't been better person today because
of the hardship that we went through
with it last night yeah he was not a
happy boy today don't he pooped his
worries out poopy okay what do you think
the biggest change has been since he's
been born like having a baby just having
to be in constant care of someone 2007
those those dark circles under your eyes
well even though it's been a you know
it's been a very eventful month I think
it's been a very oh there's a word in my
head now I forgot it I think we've grown
closer oh definitely
our family is growing stronger it's
definitely he's been the biggest
blessing in their lives and so far so
good one month in many many many many
months ago that is really everyone by
superfast July is over like July I feel
like the summer is almost over christmas
is almost year not really but really i
was thinking last night what motivates
you in life I've had many different
renovations in life at one point I
wanted to be a very good neighbor that
was another point I wanted to be a
profession other-- time I wanted to be a
professional frisbee golf player frother
I was like man if I'm gonna go pro in
some sport frisbee golf is definitely
the way to go
what's motivated you in your life sweep
going to bed
family that's what's always motivate me
I've wanted to do well in life to have a
happy family even when she was 12 years
old she wanted a happy family really the
choice I made in life I made so that I
could have what I have right now it's
funny I always wanted happy family -
that's why that's why we got married
that's why we're crazy in mime 26 and
Jenna's 18 and we had a baby but I have
noticed that many different things
motivate me throughout my life
definitely the thought of having an
eternal family has been one of them but
now that's even more clear because this
dude every single decision that we make
every single day revolves around him and
I wouldn't have it any other way
anyway it's my pride and joy right there
best friends BFF yeah fab 3 so Noah when
you watch this in years to come you're
wonderful today and we still love you
we're very tired yeah well love you
forever so let's see to describe you so
you know what you were like as a baby
you cry a lot you poop a lot you scream
I'm trying to poop a lot sometimes I
need to squeeze it out where's that work
that way no you're a wonderful baby and
we love you and you're losing your hair
but you're still cute hope you guys are
having a wonderful Sunday we love you
guys
adios me familia de youtube and i'll see
you tomorrow please
on you you everything that I see I want
your hot love and emotion endlessly I
can't get over you
