Wow
dude what was that a fighter jet that
was a good airplane now are we going to
they did where are we going now
yeah are we gonna see fancy tail might
even see him today we'll see is our
first time going to this small airport
Phoenix and Mesa Gateway Airport I've
never been to a small airport like this
so this will be interesting we're flying
Allegiant a lot of people always
recommend it cheap flights so it was a
very last-minute booked so we figured we
give it a go today see how it goes
hopefully I've heard sometimes there's
crazy delays that's not the case today I
mean look at this you pull up you park
right here the plane is right there but
all honesty this might be even easier
though like if this is a good experience
Wilson look at this I'll just leave our
car here
yay they're excited get some done on
your face dude hi shoes a little
backpack oh my gosh
dude check it out I love this Airport
I'm gonna fly out of here every time
like it's not delayed like a zipper is
awesome these nice little courtyards
over here very not crowded ready buddy
getting on the airplane
you know that's crazy to come off a
plane too
these things are so
see what's happened
we were just resolving conflicts here's
what happened basically all right first
of all I love that Airport tiny little
thing flow to another tinier little
thing the flight and everything was
great late again I deserved a rental car
there at the airport though and when I
made the reservation
you know you rarely look at the hours
when you have a flight that's at 11:30
you're like I'll be fine you don't
expect the place to be only open from
noon until 2:00 p.m. now is what that
place was that I made the reservation
they never told us they just took our
Earth reservation on the phone too so
then when I was there is like oh dang
okay that's fine I had paid for this
cancel it real quick there's much people
in line for budget I was like ooh I'll
just hop on here real quick reserves I
think as I'm in line so I do that
reserve something in mine to pick it up
in 10 minutes everything's good I get to
the front he's like oh no no no you have
to reserve our cars within 24 hours
because they get chopped off and
delivered here
the kids have not napped is now 4:30
p.m.
no wonder we have not had lunch it's
almost dinnertime you know they've been
snacking you yeah but I think it was
just a little crazy right here that's
right yeah what's up people we made it
back so cloudy and dreary yeah oh hey
welcome back well this is what we would
be experiencing if we still lived here
someone asking at the extinct premiere
best-looking idiot are like you sad I'm
like really happy I missed exam I would
be so sad EJ I just need some sunshine
and whistle hey wait other way to visit
David kind of surprised not really knows
we're coming to town but I think he kind
of understands working the dinner
tonight at his work he might I think he
he does were coming you guys are gonna
be in Utah
yes I told them we're just gonna show
don't we're gonna show up and surprise
yes
oh yeah I see him he's in town do that
Ken he's hiding now he's in the bar area
how is that singing now Salt Lake you
what I see him I see him in there
how'd you get that one - Sam's first
time meeting Jackson really yeah he's
still so little laughing look at these
two yay - how's school
you look so grown-up in this last month
I've seen you karate kindergarten I know
one month on the gun for one month hi
beautiful princess
first time holding baby Jax put yours
back just chilling it's me so cute yeah
are you done he's cute back of the hotel
is fun to catch up we've only been gone
for a month
it feels longer like driving around I
was like this doesn't feel like home
anymore but there's so many memories and
obviously has been one month really fun
to catch up Noah wants to be just like
his uncle deep though what are you doing
over here taking orders are you a server
what's your restaurant called
chick-fil-a okay you gonna take murder
Bulls head anyone do I want um can I
have an order of chips and salsa and a
spicy drink a dr. pepper that's dry yeah
let's try and can you give me a
cheeseburger - okay can I have a chicken
sandwich okay thank you so much thank
you
how much do I owe you
yeah five dollars five dollars here yeah
thank you
this is some five dollars oh that's a
very low so you here's my five dollars
it's so cute cause he is mimicking
things and David were saying coming
right up
I love seeing kids imaginations at work
we're gonna be neat to a couple days
here for just a few then we're gonna
head back to Salt Lake area for the
wedding but we come into Utah we had to
stop by David was so surprised he did
not expect us to be here he's like I
knew you guys were coming out to Utah
for the wedding but I think spec to you
two can make it up to Logan and then
just stop by and surprise them at work
do you want to say anything
you think Cole already there's like two
seasons he'll be summer in winter fall
is like a week sometimes it's good to
take a little bit of that inner happy to
be here having you back for happy with
the progress we've made to we'll see you
guys tomorrow
what no that's that's their hostess
