who is that bug-eyed pooping in his
diaper
who is that bad guy pooping in a diaper
who is that tan boy pooping in his die
what's up Friar Tuck what's up mr. friar
Chuck what's going on yeah buddy
think I'm excited about my new schedules
that I could come home and play or I can
do Hangouts or Skype or maybe even I
don't know just do more even though I
thought I could do that with my schedule
life now hasn't been the case
pretty much easier the new I'm gonna try
and sky Boston talk a little smack
Kirlian available a so Boston there's a
Sam I'm on the basketball court right
now as we speak just have to call you
another time all right
thousand years later voice message you
never know you never know you won't know
until we finally play the basketball
match is planned to go down in Seattle
vloggerfair August 15th if you don't
have your tickets yet guys get them few
sanika as the promotional code you'll
get 10% off and I don't gain anything
from that I'm just trying to help you
out
so the other thing is is I think so
we're gonna be in Seattle from Friday
until late Monday so even if you can't
be there on Friday I know Austin's
throwing something together they like
meet up and stuff like that so if you
can't make it on Friday or no vlog
repairs on Saturday yeah so if you can't
make it on Saturday but you're there on
Friday or another day you should go out
to Seattle anyways because we'll be
there Friday the Monday August 15th we
get to meet I'm tummy time gotta spend
some time at time so I can become very
strong crawl around and dunk the bow
yeah look who's doing Tammy Sam oh my
goodness have you seen how much hair
that baby has wait a second it he's bald
did you know I wear contacts every
single day let's see let's see if I can
uh yeah and I just read an article about
someone that had their contacts in their
eyes for so long that it started to like
eat away at their eye and things like
that
yeah that might happen to me because
I've been in the same pair of two
contacts for the past three four weeks
and I don't take them out I sleep them
in and the reason is is because I ran
out and I just haven't been an eye
doctor and you die yet I've always gone
to one at home in Chicago so I need to
get on that I have about to get barrage
by a couple commenters I'm sure like yo
that's terrible
I'm working I'm not gonna go blind but I
need to get some contacts is next week I
also didn't get a lot of sleep Jen's
been wanting me to get glasses because
she thinks it'd be cool I'm not getting
glasses guys you think I should get
glasses I look funny with glasses true
true I do have some glasses but they're
probably not very much good job maybe
you should I bust those glasses out I
put some right now no you just like the
way they look you see they might go boo
focus on his face or focus on his face
camera guy go below there we go
dude you scratched out man but look at
they might go hazel or blue can't really
get a good shot of them but sometimes
when we look at his eyes they're
definitely brown then other times
they're like gray and blue it's weird
yeah I think if I had to predict I'd say
brown but who knows I mean this guy's
like hey I came out one way and now I
want to look another we have some
natural plastic surgery going on this
dude right here he's like man I don't
like my hair I want a new hairstyle
could come back blonde who knows now
he's like man I don't know if I want
brown eyes maybe I want to look more
like daddy blonde hair blue
he's so funny if like you looked like
you so much to begin with and then
Austin he's like hey no I I'm gonna look
like dad what do you think man were you
thinking
he only looks like me because he has my
coloring - no no I'm not just that have
you guys seen the baby photo of me and
him side by side cut yourself right here
my favorite kisses I started reading my
first baby book I said I've been read
anything about babies I'll Google things
here and there and I was googling about
the hair if you google something and you
think it's even slightly a problem you
will n thinking you have a disease
because I googled like about newborns
hair
the results were like yeah your baby
probably is sick and it's like what no
no no no no no no no that's kind of
normal but I finally start reading my
first baby book and it's funny because
my sister's on the cover of it that's my
sister right there that isn't that her
baby no I'm a my good is is it no I
don't think it is wait I think actually
that might be Wally
her real name's not Wally though sir
online then this book has everything I
was reading a bunch of stuff in it alle
saw has way too many breastfeeding
boobies how many boobies that are
breastfeeding do we need to see in the
book huh breast milk is magical but
whatever okay just like have lift it
says by about eight weeks your maybe
baby may be able to lift her head
briefly this homie right there I'm
sounding like a proud parent he's been
lifting his head since week two now
seriously really we put him on the top
we'll have to record this he's always
like I know a lot of these are just like
estimated dates but I'm looking forward
to this that like the real smiles six to
eight weeks we're like two weeks out on
that for a potential first smile they
smile their sleep and different things
like that but like where their face can
actually you know like
I can't wait I cannot wait to try and
make this kid smile I will do everything
to make him smile and he probably won't
smile for me be shaking that I don't
know Sam Senser text me and said you
should to shave it but I feel weird
shaving his head's not even it's only a
month old pretty hilarious do that
beautiful he's probably gonna big client
you shave my head it's hideous
guess who had their first blowout whoa
this guy did not sorry not me this guy
yeah he's not too happy about it I was
burping him and it like freaked me out
he farted so loud and I was like oh that
sounded bad he just looked for a really
really long time so I'm kind of worried
he's gonna be up first of the night
we'll see I got it I wish his dad was
here to making this one up first
blowouts in the books today I'm sure
there's many more where that one came
from in the end you guys he's been
sleeping a lot today which means he's
probably gonna be awake go up tonight
that's okay
that was my last time working late at
night for a long time probably possibly
forever not probably not forever but
switching to the new schedule on Monday
early early morning baby
Oh baby what are you dreaming about the
baby
Oh baby yeah see that's how he wakes
himself up
he hits him stuff like that in the face
he moves his pants so much even if we
swaddle him he always finds away breaks
away out break the way even if it's
velcroed swaddled I think it's time to
cut that air put some hats on him I was
thinking this weekend we should try and
hop on and do a hangout again and I know
some of you guys are like how do I get a
hang up how do I do this and that we
usually we do a hangout
I don't like post it on YouTube
necessarily I mean I have in the past
but the best way to find out about it is
to check for the tweets yeah cuz I
usually tweet it out on Twitter sorry
for those of you don't have Twitter
you don't have a Twitter I'll send a
dove or pigeon head nope Hedwig Hedwig
Harry Potter's owl no we don't know
where you live no owls know where
everyone lives this dude is the serious
type he's a serious thinker we hope you
guys have a fun weekend and a fun Friday
we're gonna be enjoying our child
by love yes these things along you
everything that I see I want your hot
love and emotion endlessly
