good morning
it's Thursday Pioneer Day actually which
I don't hear enough of been in Utah so
I'll celebrate Pioneer Day it's like a
Utah thing
happy Thursday little guy how you
feeling somebody just said a little bath
somebody just had a little bath some
better somebody let's get you one
let's get you warm let's go to Lee rat
up and dry you up and put you in a coup
hey don't grab that camera just getting
comfortable Oh mom mom come on this
isn't gonna be at all he loves sleeping
on his hands guys I think I have the
cutest grandma ever this can have the
cutest great-grandma ever so um my
grandma is oh my gosh I think she's like
86 now maybe older she didn't have my
number for a long time and so recently
after like the baby was born we were I
realized I shouldn't have my number so I
gave her my phone number and so now
every couple weeks she's been calling
and checking in to see how things are
and it's just adorable
that I just called me just now and the
combos are only like a minute two
minutes long but she is just so sweet
just calling to see how her
great-grandson is doing although she's
really cute and when she first asked how
he was doing she said I was my
great-granddaughter dude she's adorable
I love that lady so much and she gets to
come meet Noah in a couple weeks my
cousin is getting married and so she's
gonna fly out with one of my aunts she's
been really excited she's been so
excited to me this great grandson and
I'm so excited to her to me in I love
you Bella
how many of you remember Jay blogs we
met New York it was good old time he
vlogs get it Jay Boggs and he isn't vlog
ever since he got a girlfriend it's like
like twice doesn't hear me the stink-eye
right now because I'm talking
this well I told Jay if you didn't post
a blog by Wednesday
he'd have to hand his account of her and
let's just say I made a short vlog for
him today what's up my name is Jay blogs
and this is how I play basketball what a
workout I'm gonna get better every
single day
practice makes perfect I'm Jay bugs hi
I'm Jay blogs after a basketball game I
like to go hang out with my girlfriend
and eat did I mention I'm Jay vlog this
is my girlfriend day vlogs out just
babysitting my cousin today mini Jay
Boggs okay now I need to do my workout
my push-ups let's go situps
let's go this is Jay blogs what's up
hope you guys enjoyed my vlog this is
Jay I live in New York see you guys
tomorrow okay I did burn out your face
again because I think it threw out the
old one and it's kind of out of ink
did you print out everyone's face like
this immediate smarting hey guys
Thursday which means twice Friday yeah
which means it's the week in the world
which makes me very happy we had some
friends stopped by and I always
completely forget to blog when friends
come by like such an idiot sometimes but
are really good friends we're best
friends Maddie and Kevin move back to
Salt Lake and we're so happy I'm so
happy because I don't have I mean I am a
new mom so I haven't liked it I tried to
make friends yeah but it's nice to just
have friends that are already friends
move close by anyway so that made me
very happy because they stopped by okay
so Noah is in a fade so he's just crying
a ton like when he's tired he just wants
to cry and not like go to sleep and when
he's hungry he wants to cry and he's in
eating like every hour and a half no
joke like he's D every two hours and
unless he's in like a dead sleep he will
wake up around hour and a half maybe a
little more maybe a little like maybe a
little later or a little sooner I mean I
can't he just likes to eat and sometimes
he just wants to cry like especially I
like last night he cried on and off for
over three hours
who is real-time Pluto honestly the baby
cuddles and his cuteness and just him
being my son make it all worth it
sometimes I do get frustrated and I feel
really bad when I get frustrated and I'm
like I don't know what to do anymore
stop crying but you know that's just
it's gonna happen because he's a baby
and he's new to the world and he is a
crier he is likes to cry right now
so I mean Sam I've been thinking like
what can we do to like help him like
when it's tired so we were considering
at the sound machine but I like I don't
know I thought that if I wanted to do
one because like then they become
dependent on that so I was like oh yeah
we should maybe we could try a sound
machine and just now he was getting
fussy he was sleeping and he woke up cuz
even himself in the face or something
and then I was like okay let me just see
if I one of my phone sound machines will
work and I tried the waves and he did
something crying and then I put the rain
one on out he was out and I even was
able to pick him up and put him in his
bed he still has not moved I think he
likes the sound of rain so I think my
phone charger because that's gonna die
soon so I'll keep you guys posted
because I might have reconsidered this
sound machine thing might be a good idea
without I think he likes it my little
called baby he looks like a cloud so
cute oh man oh oh is he gonna push the
bone off haha
you guys even with the Sun completely in
his face still isn't waking up it's
working
he needs a little more Sun in his life
stay asleep
whoo damn smooth time some time with me
yeah
I'm gonna try to make it smooth be
really quick for dinner um since he's
kind of awake so I'm just using Sam just
got me like a blended mix for now
because uh I need to be quick I'm gonna
throw some fruit in throw some spinach
in put some juice or water or something
in and have a smooth looks like doodoo
but tastes pretty good he's pretty much
screwed to sleep I think just akin to
those a vision guy he's gonna be such a
beauty that a baby with this time wish
itself
Sound Machine and Sam hey guys I'm at
the post office and it's about time that
we do another mail vlog you guys are way
too nice you send way too many things
you say way too nice of things and it's
overwhelming sometimes makes us want to
cry I'm not just saying that you guys
are amazing
where's all my xbox wonders that you got
my destiny beta a window baby kind of
excited for this although I have
absolutely no time to play Oh take
forever to download this
yea-ah 0% it's really gonna take forever
to download this
yeah tell snoops every mate you guys
would be the first to know that our
family is far from perfect we're
definitely not perfect in fact I'm
drinking about hot boss right now I've
been saving these I bought four packs
like two months ago
can't find it anywhere so I've been
saving them today's a special day I
guess I don't know but our family is far
from perfect and I have a sister who Vox
she posts really entertaining vlogs of
her family in New York sometimes she
sits down and just tells it how it is
and yesterday she spoke about our family
and something that's really interesting
so if you guys want to know more about
me and my family you should go watch
your vlog it's really good I loved it I
almost teared up watching it at work
when I was the kid my mom used to listen
to this radio show by Paul Harvey and at
the very end of each radio show you
would say and now you know the rest of
the story and I feel like I need to tell
you the rest of the story when Sam was
born I was nine
there are many ups and downs and our
lives and and I feel like in our lives
there's a lot more positives and
negatives but it takes work to get there
it takes a lot of work you have to
really put in effort it doesn't come
just naturally you have to do your part
and so go check out our video because it
really I don't know it speaks volumes
about our family and why our family is
the way it is now so go check it out you
won't be disappointed it's our family
perfect yep far from it but this dude is
except I don't want to shave it I just
want to trim it look at this come on
guys we got to take care of this for you
we'll take some pictures okay but I mean
come on Friar Tuck it's so ugly it's
cute we now have a baby when if people
say oh he's so cute we know their life
because his hair is a wack
sorry I'm sorry you got Mama's here Oh
another day another day Baldr hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog there's some
dancing there's a little bit of
everything for everyone if you're into
mom stuff there was that if you're into
dancing there's that friend of people
being annoying there's that too if
you're into people that are terrible at
basketball like JBOX
there was that as well but go check my
sister's video out and we will see you
guys tomorrow
come on headbutt the camera buddy
headbutt it booth I'm just kidding
booth
