I just realized that today's our 200th
fog we gotta do something to celebrate
that she might not be in this one our
100th day of logging was pretty awesome
you guys gotta check that out today
might not be that that's cool but
there's a grocery haul good morning son
what's going on buddy where's your hair
where's your hair going how's it gonna
be one of those kind of days hey babby
hey gonna hear any all your poops out
man you just filled up a whole diaper
say something for the world today good
morning world this is your 1am walmart
grocery
see it that was really cute
tim was just singing it no I won't sing
it anymore um Baldy staying
ready all by myself yep I got him to
fall asleep which means he'll probably
wake up soon I love when this guy look
at this guy's little socks today I
didn't ease little socks give us a
little feet and look at those students
awesome dude you're the coolest present
I've ever gotten sorry
hey guys it's part two of our grocery
haul it's 150 2 a.m. and i just went
shopping at walmart it's amazing the
type of people that you see at walmart
at 1am there's a guy so impatient to pay
for his spoons behind me that while i
was swiping my card to pay for my
groceries he threw quarters on the table
inside here's my money in red true
stories like good untie my card but hey
it's not for another grocery haul part
two we got a lot of trans fats for high
fructose corn syrup preservatives I'm
already I said let's get into it it's a
nice grocery haul you know this wasn't
like a crazy trips grocery store I'm
like for the whole week it was just like
hey I like these snacks I want these
things and we will make a meal out of
that sounds good right first off
starting off with this new juice single
I cool it says no sugar at it there I
put a little bit of it oh yeah I don't
know sounds good to me I'm goodnight
girls forgot my favorite the supremely
spicy hummus this stuff is my bread and
butter a life strawberry cream cheese
for the lady Finn's favorite cheddar
cheese great value cheese's they're not
Jesus leather the great value brand is
that makes it better hey cheaper that's
the kind of woman you want to marry when
when oh I got some risks because I like
to dip my writ in the hummus I want to
try the great value brand though
exercise no it's good i think i've tried
up we got some betty and off work around
sugar cinnamon rolls next time I actress
flavor no start needed these are healthy
hey and these are less healthy baby
spinach this is first gens smoothies
that she wants
which she'll be able to do yeah with
some mixed fruit I got sliced
strawberries peaches may go sweet thank
you because eating is sometimes
difficult because he wants to eat when I
want to eat the baby so I figured to
these would be quick we got some chicken
breast tenderloins where marinade with
the garlic herb and wine marinade which
is one of our favorites we love what
splits into brand cuz this is our
favorite brand guys this is what we
always use if you want to try a shake
it's really good really good on the
grill some chocolates and in the pan to
know whether you guys don't like this
kind of talk about season because it's
got all sorts of weird flavors this
we've seen that too much the for use of
O'Reilly's beef what's the cows name
Riley huh oh what's accountant what did
the cows they very much like be calm
beef right here this is from Bradley's
cow my sister's husband's how that one
our condo come let me condo yeah that's
good stuff though it's like grass-fed
yeah you got that the story weeks
instead yeah I can we could get some
great okay got some of these I thought
oh cool essentials why no stinky those
time Bursar's okay we tried bone in our
room was like that yeah and a
thermometer to stick out the rectum of
little man some of you might say don't
do that but that's what our pediatrician
tool is just a cheap rectal one for now
that's what we did so we're listen to
our doctor okay guys let's go I know why
you guys are totally gonna judge us on
what we bought today awesome grandma's
delight yeah we didn't get healthy bread
we got grandma's the money cuz nothing's
better than grannies
and I just love getting these ships cuz
I'm like 250 need a huge bag Tyler yeah
i like to use this for all sorts of
things whatever might arise throughout
the weekend never go wrong with a little
bit of chips and dip and that ladies and
gents is our grocery haul part two next
time we're going to do like a huge
grocery haul yeah I'm kind of serious
about this but I'm touched that at the
same time I've actually person that I
saw was like trains really how was my he
was fine oh sorry mine was a walmart
grocery 1am walmart grocery haul yeah so
we don't have one did that day he does
we'll do a trader joes grocery all next
time I mean people buy one thing okay no
I actually should enjoy stuff well one
thing in the cost like three MP oh yeah
good stuff there you know I love trevor
knight must be just too its just oh how
good a whole sense okay i'm gonna do
cooler grocery haul next night but this
is your one am walmart grocery haul word
walmart yeah Polly wolly whatever you
have to do the other side for the wall
wally wally world wall over the world
guys look at this everything's like read
what the plan versus all blossoms like
international oh my new song this is I'm
gonna go cry it's okay to to this that's
what it says seen if you have noticed
when I do it you know you go to sleep
how it's okay to give those to that guys
it's okay to cry 20 between but it's
just crowd I get to see my back oh yeah
yep it's okay to God
oh I'm something for equal to earlier I
feel no whole thing vertical it's been a
long day it's a really long thing it is
a teaser teaser Nairobi thing to touch
happy it makes me feel good dr. Steve
each makes us go to people there you go
that sucks think he will cry they're
really productive day and I who another
grocery haul gotta do another one of
those I have a couple things that I want
to say before a wrap up today's vlog
number one moms you are awesome I cannot
get over how much work moms put in to
their lives every single day we have one
baby one little newborn and Jen she does
so much for that kid so all you moms out
there I love you and I appreciate you
number two we eat chipotle at work today
was awesome i walked into work and there
was a fridge stocked full of chipotle it
was like a dream come true as far as my
basketball match with austin goes I
better stop eating and start training
because I don't know if I'll even be
able to jump although we've all seen
Austin's hops and I'm not even sure if
he can jump over a phone book didn't
beach number three what's up Britney you
comment to the other day and talked
about your life and the whole fam akai
just came out of nowhere i just gave you
a big group hug and i thought that was
the coolest thing ever we want to skype
with you sometime so hopefully saw our
message back to you last night wearing
my same like a vlog shirt breast milk is
still magical this kid scratch and you
know he's literally I couldn't stop him
yeah we're gonna have to put some more
ad you look I promise we're taking care
of him not really babies are babies and
sometimes of you baby things another day
another day Balder not like a clown oh
my I said you're the clown and my dad
said we're like Uncle Fester those name
from the answer
Uncle Fester yeah hopefully that hair
grows back against look I said I knew
what he went down 10 points or the
cuteness but he also went up 10 points
or the king is could that ball this is
kind of cute it's also kind of you yes
maybe it'll grow back blonde like my
hair did see you guys tomorrow bye
