you know it's the worst song in the
world to wake up to good morning good
morning is great stamp a good morning
good much wait who is that santa michael
on mo
dude you're saying like two seconds ago
lawn mower who is that started like he
didn't have the best night last night
from what time midnight till 3:00 a.m.
he was pretty upset
givin us a test of how we are as parents
I think we had a little bit well though
yeah there's not much you can do when
you doesn't want to drink your milk
mm-hmm now he's just like mm I don't
know how I feel about being part of this
family
mom you milk it tastes like soured
nuggets right fine this morning um I'm
still upset about everything you've done
to me the past 24 hours
what did you eat yesterday was it that
Pirate's Booty
knocking cheese I can't process mac and
cheese ever again
mama forgive you this one time but I'll
tell you what that milk better be
chocolate today mm-hmm my fam
it's my fam right there
all by myself
all by myself I can lift a car up by
myself
Pharaoh boy he's like wait and you're
like by myself all by myself
I can lift a car up all by myself
can't wait till I can just tackle this
kid know like wrestle can't get over
this ham he's like forehead line of dude
Baldy LeBron and man you got that LeBron
haircut they're like it's going back for
it father
stretch buddy stretch stretch hey don't
hit the camera hey Oh bless you oh I
keep finding these little hairs
everywhere he's really on top you said
to the kitten you can't just look down
look he did not say a thing are you my
mother you said to the head no said the
hen the hen was not his mother so the
baby bird went on are you remember that
he said to the dog hey bubby cool shoes
dude look at those you little tennis
shoes on yeah you tired are you look so
pause right now guys we're sucker for
price cuts even if it's only 99 cents
turkey club rapper chicken BLT or before
over snaps English a coupled like I've a
couple like have one for lunch down than
that one to another day sour watermelon
pop peeps these look disgusting
I've never liked Pete's and these just
look gross
yeah think they're from Easter or
something oh he's just kicking his feet
out hey guys well today's haul we went
to the grocery store our first stop was
Target let's go can I just say that I
love the bags they put for Target these
bags are just to die for
as you can see I already started eating
halfway through the car ride oh my
goodness what a haul today when we went
to Target we just want rap crazy guys
grocery haul look at these what am I
wearing got a turkey club rat you got
chicken BLT wrap and another chicken be
able to your app these were on sale
three dollars apiece
just can't let them pass us by cool blue
inside of this why'd you get it there
you go
in bag number two we have some pretzel
things Parmesan herb and you see these
are new who the box no it had a little
rough trip a little rough edges here and
there but for the most part it looks
pretty clean and nice
got some fruit leathers as Jen calls
them it's a fruit vegetable but really
good stuff you have to Patrick to
experience a penis no just some purees
and things like that citric acid a Vita
Coco pure coconut water with tropical
fruit I've had the pineapple version
yeah it's pretty good stuff I'm trying
to get on that Vita Coco hip and cool
you know let's try that right now
what the crap I thought these had a seal
hey this might be the last of me oh we
feel that the thing the class had hard
plastic top the ones lastly we have
mixed drinks thanks rains or of them
that will last you about four days into
nectarine today I know why it's you two
days that's the grocery all number one
waiting for grocery hauled number
Tuesday so guys just leaving work right
now there mention it maybe I don't know
I'm gonna go grocery side yeah grocery
shopping right now because I gotta do a
grocery shopping haul video I got to do
it it's gonna be part of this vlog it's
not gonna be separate but it's going
down I'm yelling timber I'm at Walmart
cause that's the only place open right
now hey guys it is 11 o'clock at night
and I realized I haven't found to
anything today and Sam's not gonna be
very thorough about that one because I
filmed a ton yesterday false I'm not mad
at all I love you we just had a very
like lazy Danny I love it I really do I
love that he's such a Cutler and he just
today he like only wanted to sleep on me
like I every time I tried to put him in
his bed he just wake right up and so
like he was sleeping on me for most of
the day
and like right now like I just tried to
put him down didn't work I like had to
pee so bad so what'd you do pee while
holding him correct
I don't like take sitting them on the
toilet with me now that's like gross and
not hygienic so I put him in bed so that
calf was I can't walk right up and I was
asleep again and I loved it I really
really loved it except for when I have
to pee no I'm like I'm worried the
neighbors are gonna call people on me
but I swear I'm taking care of him he
just likes to cry sometimes which is
really sad once it's really only when
he's tired I'm like just go to sleep if
you're tired buddy but that's okay we're
figuring it out Talan Jen you're the
best you're only seeing this now I love
you someone said there'd be restocking
Baja blast haven't seen any evidence of
it I think we've seen the last of Baja
blast for a while maybe something I did
do today is I watched the birth log of
this little guy because I feel like he's
still little but I look at him like oh
you look so different and older already
so I had to go back and watch the birth
vlog and he was so tiny and I just can't
believe how fast they grow Susie it was
really sweet and I just loved that video
I'm so glad that we have that video to
look back on and to show him when he's
older like this is you and you were a
baby
goodnight world see you tomorrow
nothing better than a red lights dancer
great success I laid him down on the
couch you stay to sleep you guys and
don't worry guys I'm not gonna let him
fall off the couch I'll be here the
whole time don't worry oh gosh don't
wake up oh here he comes little little
building baby boy just got home in time
see my little boy go to bed he looks
different
what thank you actually today the whole
thing Oh 40 minutes yes
you cried did he watch it too it's only
like 1:30 a.m. though just got home I'm
tired I don't think you can see it but
he has sparkles on his face
I don't know if you see him hey Baldy
hey guys it's the next day I filmed the
last part of the grocery haul but I just
didn't have enough time today to edit it
so we're gonna show him that tomorrow is
that cool yeah dad I was asleep the
whole time it looks like you got me some
good food that I'm gonna get through
mommy Wow I do some paint the dinosaur
from baby
Oh Deary me a new voice bueno tengo esta
Bravo see a vs. hablo espanol pero Mira
Megara are ya Yankee Beth that yeah he
keeps scratching himself you gotta find
your gloves today buddy
you can't keep scratching yourself we
keep cutting your nails but you just
keep scratching so anyways grocery haul
part 2 the better one coming tomorrow
this dude he's excited we'll see you
guys then say bye adios muchachos poof
