good morning sweet world today is a day
just like any other no yeah today was
the day just like any other Jack's
Mannequin so you guys got that actually
somebody got like Jack's Mannequin
but I butchered it so impressed that you
guys got it
good morning world as I sit here and
talk to you this morning I just want you
all to know that life is good
the outside is beautiful and I love you
all very much have a wonderful blessed
day
love Noah okay better I am building we
see the color difference yeah you can
that's like a helmet he's balding and
the same thing happened to me when I was
a kid and I grew back well a lot more
yeah like a towhead blonde boy so that
would be really funny because you look
like your mom but if you had blonde hair
I wouldn't even know what to think of
your dad we don't even know what to
think of you it's just so plain his head
is whiter than his face it's that
nightgown who is that tattoos on the
counter who is that captains no they
can't know dick where is he I don't know
who is that Dan together
who is that catches on the gown yeah
what yeah yeah who is that one foot is
that who is that who is that
another song for you guys get stuck in
your head
angels ducking back out like man just
change my diaper with yes attendants all
you want
who is that done the gown hey guys happy
Monday
Sam was going to work and I'm like is
that Friday yeah and he's like seriously
it's only Monday but that's ok I hope
you guys are having a good day
me and this little guy I'm gonna go on a
little walk we gotta get more diapers
you don't realize how many diapers you
go through I don't know how people do
cloth diapers because also I suggested
to Sam that we maybe consider cloth
diapers this is his reaction absolutely
not
he says absolutely not doesn't even give
it a thought okay just says absolutely
not around a child I'm not gonna name
names and nobody knows this child I
couldn't name a name and nobody would
know who it is
let me just say that child has a cloth
diaper and constantly is pooping and it
smells so bad
it smells like any poopy diaper smells
bad though it's just so much more
affordable
I just want to research into it I'm just
suggesting we looking into it we say
like thousands of dollars I don't want
to be holding on to any doodoo in the
bag well you will don't do in the trash
can I'm not a dress game I'm not putting
a dirty cloth whatever in my bag I'm
gonna take that diaper off wrap it up
and throw it away I don't want to grab a
cloth diaper and scrape out the feces
swing it into the trash can no thank you
for the first year if I'm breastfeeding
for that long you don't need a scrape
when you do you know long oh my gosh
according to some sources the poop from
breastfeeding is like
yeah but these are even more absorbent
than real diapers the more blue cloth
diaper experiment would only last like a
day and then she's like Irish throwing
it up I just want him to consider it as
an option that's all I'm asking
e I'm changing him constantly and most
of the time it's because I change him
and then he pooped I really need to get
better with my intuition with his
diapers because I sometimes go through
three diapers in one sitting because
he'll poop and then poop again and then
poop again like I just need to make him
sit in it for a little while I think
until he gets it all out but I just
don't know I'm I'm learning about the
whole diaper thing it's taking me a
little while taking me a couple weeks to
figure out the diaper situation so I've
gotta go get more diapers and we're just
gonna go walk to the store because we
need to get out more don't we yeah we
need to get more mom we need get out
more and enjoy the fresh air there's a
nice breeze today it's not I don't think
it's too hot I don't know I'm gonna put
a little hat on him anyway and it's
really close so we're gonna go to the
store Sam's at work and we're just
hanging out
and also I Sam what's going to work and
he's like at least you have a little
binding I wasn't like yeah it's a lot
better because when I was just home
alone I was just talking to myself for
eight hours and now at least I have this
guy to talk to even though he can't
understand me don't understand this
infant insert it's like where do their
feet go they just get crunched down
there I don't get it so I just made him
like sit sit on it and pull his little
legs out because totally they're getting
crunched he's getting bigger so I'm just
making him sit at the bottom I don't
know we'll see okay that's cool
okay I think I figured it out I think
he's supposed to have been sitting on
the little bottom like thick pad part
with his feet out I don't know but it's
working he's a lot more comfortable now
and I'm welcome to a knocks I feel like
his feet aren't breaking underneath his
body
music so cute cuz I don't want a little
head to burn because guy is he starting
to fall on top it's okay I still love
him all the same but it's really cute he
just looks like a little old man with
just hair on the sides of his head oh my
gosh we can't get over how cute he looks
in his hat can you see him
okay he's already asleep it's good for
soy guys we just are walking back home
from the store and it's actually really
hot today it's like really windy but
it's hot and I'm sweaty maybe it would
work better if I get out and now I'm
walking to the store with him it's
really fun and weird whoa
I am seriously so hard I'm like sweating
and he's probably very sweaty as well so
I'm we are home it was a long walk we
get them a little bit slower and like
I'm slower with him cuz you can't like
bounces in there I don't know I don't
walk too fast and bounce I'm really hard
I'm really hot
yeah you are we're gonna relax for a
minute and then I'll do the rest of the
house stuff because I am on fire and
this is like the only button shirt I
have right now
hot hot hot why are all button shirt
only long-sleeve okay I don't get it
anyways I'm having a hard time finding
some button shirts lately so if you've
any idea is a war to go let me know
because finding shirts that are
breastfeeding friendly or is very
difficult to do so this is how I ended
up sitting him in sizing carrier and it
worked much better look at this little
face is like ah indented for my shirt oh
well cutie now you can see how he's
balding well it's a good angle zipper on
the sides look beautiful old man don't
worry you're so cute buddy I love only
just stares at me my mom are we just
hanging out staring at each other
my little bald baby boy I think I'm to
take a look like I'm to take one of
these pacifiers
he's only been taking the sudhi and I
don't know like I hear good anything
good and bad things about oh there's
gonna be
got every binky but since there's like
that little nub on the very bottom part
it's like makes her teeth really really
like worse than regular pinkies who
knows binky's making a buck teeth
whether whatever whatever kind they are
and he doesn't really suck him all the
time he only sucks it to suit himself
and then he spits it out when it doesn't
want and he will not take it if he
doesn't want it like literally he will
shake his head no get that out of my
mouth oh here comes here it comes
I don't want that big in my mouth I'm
taking it out mm-hmm what up what up
peeps
I don't know dad's voice for you I can't
do dad's voice for you guys this son is
so crazy right now you can't really see
if it's so orange and like pink weird
and orange and cool maybe right now you
look so different
doesn't he look different right now when
he sleeps he looks different than when
he's awake this kid changes all the time
I just want him to stay asleep until his
next feedings that way I can eat and
then I can feed him you really like dad
coming right now I think that ate to me
he didn't like because he did not want
to drink my milk tonight in it it was
very sad then he wouldn't take the
bottle either that I've had in the
fridge like I've had just been pumping
into I don't know if he's had a tummy
ache or what but we're trying to just
see it feel sweet maybe someone said
yesterday that their unsubscribing cuz
it's night and day before the baby we
were just so much more active
okay that is just hilarious they
obviously have people people have said
that they like College vlogs better yeah
I saw that too oh yeah this is not a
blank whatever this kids way better than
college we just might have to
incorporate a little more dance a little
more acting a little more action into
our board tomorrow you might have to
make it epic my bad word no guys okay no
but sometimes you know you have a little
newborn you don't want to the funny part
is if we took him out and went crazy
people would be like oh my gosh you
can't please everyone I know the
majority of you guys are awesome and
that's all I'm matter so it's been good
hope you guys enjoy today Jen come to
what Thanks how's that work like most
today so she's the best love you yeah
see you guys mom hi
