I throughout the house we're in a car it
seems only happen on weekend to me yeah
the warehouse district I'm calling it
that I'm salt lake mm-hmm sod down east
home clothing warehouse but it was
closed yeah we just had to pick up a few
things back mom like and now we're gonna
go to target because I need some tops
with buttons so I can nurse easier and
you haven't bought anything for your
birthday and I know I don't think that
should be a birthday present no that
should it's close well I'm just gonna
buy a few and then I'll save the
restaurant matter closed anyways he's
doing great cuz he ate before we left so
he'll be sleeping until seven which is
lovely Oh hopefully hopefully I don't
know we'll see we brought the stroller
and stuff hopefully they'll just kind of
chill while we look at clothes I'm
moving it won't take too long though
this is our first like big full no not
big outing with him but like going off a
shopping outing with him so see how it
goes so I hope you guys are having a
great day someone said they miss you
saying what day it is I think I did see
that actually was out on Twitter say
something hey guys it's Saturday and I
hope you're having a great day happy
weekend we need like two seconds over
here cuz
sure it's out of it I literally just
thought about it first I can't like wait
it is Saturday I had a thing about it
it's Saturday happy saturday everybody
hey babe i see i see hmm I don't see
anything let's see a big red ball mm-hmm
oh yeah that's obviously I need that so
i can edit in bed like this how to be
perfect mom could you please get me out
of this section I do not like this
section I went out of the section to
food more food I just got Jensen treats
when I said I good tropical mango
lemonade we got some raspberries for
tonight we got the squash blend that
we're gonna go with some raspberries and
chicken and steak you know that's for my
workout regimen you know I got hat hair
I look like an idiot um one time someone
said you guys should do a grocery haul
I'd be hilarious i'm gonna do that one
time yo check out this grocery haul we
got yeah we got some mushrooms and red
onion squash blend a little raspberry
core power for my workout routine that
sucks ale some seasoning summon night
baby summer night Sam just handed me the
camera cuz he wants me to film him cuz
he's cute guys look it out if you can't
no big his lips are I don't know where
he got those I think from Sam cuz not me
don't you used my precious to a boy yo
what's up doe hmm look at that whew
that's a lot squash onions mushroom man
chicken is good yeah buddy yeah buddy a
10-person google hangout is absolutely
pandemonium it's it's almost impossible
to talk to anyone oh and white balance
why is the white balance all weird
anyways Austin ol just did a hangout and
I was trying to get in it but only 10
people were live in it and I didn't get
in it so then he hopped down everyone
helped out and I hopped in and took over
the Hangout and when I just hung out
with a bunch of guys Maureen Tiffany
Ariel Ian Brian the whole lot it was fun
guys so thanks for hanging out I should
have recorded more it's kind of fun and
Jessica I think Jessica was the first
one in there yeah it's up guys that was
fun it's 145 am though and I should be
sleeping instead of hanging out I'm
losing my voice but we should do that
again I think we should do like every
day now i'm just like but really I don't
know it's fun to put like faces and
people with everything else like Gemma
saying the other day because just makes
everything more fun for me in now boss
sure i have a question has anyone
watched the show Parenthood because we
watched the first episode because i was
like hey we're parents and i was
watching parent show and it was kind of
like sad the first episode I mean there
was some funny moments ended nicely but
is that a sad show or like a funny show
I was hoping for something funny some
reason I was like oh this has to be kind
of like modern family that's why I was
surprised that you want to watch it is a
drama it's not like want a family and
even watch it is it worth watching
anybody here she's really good though I
really season gets better so should we
keep watching it if you watch it I want
to hear wait body buh B's back how's the
drink well you know it was the usual and
I keep open for chocolate but for some
reason it keeps coming out white yeah
well you know beggars can't be choosers
he's the baby gangsta babe a bird man
yeah we figured out to how to put this
on better oh look at our little Jordan
baby I want to see if one of those
onesies fits him yet
remember the one do we were holding up
in the picture in our cover photo look
how cute he looks at that beanie on his
little Jordan booties are the only socks
that have been fitting him so we want to
see if the beanie fit in so look at you
little boy my gangster baby so we have
named him Jordan ha oh his little i'm
gonna i'm gonna try squirting breast
milk in his eye it's been do p it's here
the block dyrdek and people have been
saying to put breast milk in it so we're
gonna try it oh ok i miss squirt I'm
just gonna drip it he's sooo cute not
getting you guys Hey look so cute in
there looking baby hi the carrier works
again he's out look at that like stretch
he's like fully weaned back like he's
just loving it right now you doing a
dead worm no it was over I called it in
the Prairie that's what he's doing room
they were imagine ami first bedroom
uh-huh bedroom what's up peeps we
hanging out I'm hanging out with ap
Austin big sea eagle and j/o who's that
guy who is that guy hey Jessica Trevor
and we're gonna post the link right now
oh it means you too yeah you too what
you block me too we're gonna post the
link on twitter right now and then act
like you're frozen and just see what
happens in this can be really stupid it
could be really funny we'll see what
they say okay so are we ever gonna break
are we gonna get to a point where we
break character what
Ivy I'm worried about me and Brittany
hold on oh what are we like two seconds
over here we need like two seconds over
here cuz okay okay yeah you can't get is
that the joke okay wait I want to play
long ago this is so awkward okay we're
Hey oh what the 3333 what's up the
Camille give me my hat back but like you
this day damn you're scary tonight sam
says he's playing charades wait wait I'm
doing all completely wrong person hold
on and you start over you're falling off
and ready I already forgot it I don't
even notice your joy your mustache is
not going with you you're right I didn't
hope for some reason I thought Apolo
Anton Ohno is michael phelps oh yes
heads up oh wait
breast milk is magical it's true a story
where smokes magical hope you guys had a
wonderful weekend we're gonna have to do
more google hangouts in the future it
was a lot of fun I could not captivate
all five hours of that in one little
video it was this I'm still
laughing about it was fun I don't know
Jenna and I like having cooped up in our
house our little apartment and so we
haven't had like the biggest socialites
I got to work we have friends come over
visits and things like that but I was
like Jen it's almost like we just hung
out with a bunch of people because we
were just like playing charades and
doing things that you'd do normally a
person it was really funny so I the
blast blah generals laughing this guy
had a blast and we hope you guys had a
wonderful weekend will see you guys
tomorrow pues hi guys
