guys real-world vlogging babies they cry
babies cry if you've ever watched the
vlog and even seen a baby cry
shame on you vloggers really go for
right now sometimes they cry for no
reason he just had a kegger of milk and
we've done everything that suits him
some you guys like man you guys are
terrible comments somebody has a
grievance but the truth is sometimes
she's got a little baby crowd you know
about them hear their voice let them
sing out so you know you're here to see
them works every time and that is how
you make a crying baby stop crying you
heard it here first real world
sanika reality TV that's right
feels so good to be naked in a diaper
naked we gotta tell the world this
morning anything you tell Ron well hello
everybody its it's Sunday um oh wow the
day of rest is if you can tell um I
didn't go to church yet but I think I
might try and go next week oops say
don't say yeah I just don't know I just
I haven't been doing it lately I've got
a buck tear duct I need to get that
clean out all right what can I say I
live the life my mom dresses me as she
feeds me she wipes me how do I look is
it slimming do I look good and slim dog
I think you're gonna break it you're
just gonna rip straight through that
it's a little tight so tight don't you
think I mean I just like the wind
accentuate my muscles sorry I'm flexing
what he's still my heart right now dude
why are you gonna break you're not
breaking my heart you're making my heart
melt oh my gosh I just wanna squeeze you
dude if I do that thing you're gonna
make me cry on a Sunday morning yeah sup
guys it's Sunday and on Sundays I like
to post footage from that day it's just
easier on me Saturday nights I don't
really like to edit and on Sundays I
just like to throw it together what we
were doing so it's about almost 6 p.m.
today you guys just saw some footage
from earlier today this morning and
right now this dude is just passed
I just passed out cold he is fully
relaxed and I'll probably wake up by the
time this ends forget him oh man it's
crazy how much kids change from day to
day the coolest part about last night
was we did a hangout with some EU guys I
posted on Twitter I topped in Austin
don'ts hangout and some of you guys
joined and we talked for like an hour
and a half two hours it was crazy and
then this dude slept from 1:30 until
6:30 and he's sleeping some more and
trust me
he's getting in that food this dude eats
a ton I swear he's gotta be pushing like
11 pounds by now he was doing something
with his lips so I can ago he was like
smiling almost come on buddy chuckling
the smile give those cheeks right now
look at cheek she's drooping down when
he's asleep his whole body's like
relaxed and his skin just like droops
down when he's awake it's a lot more
tighter like when he's like you know he
looks like a completely different kid
but when he's asleep it's just like a
bit of a blip and I can confirm that yes
those cheeks are really fun to kiss oh
you waking up oh oh this dude it's just
a tad over three weeks old and I feel
like I already gave lensses what he
could be like as a boy I know he's gonna
change so much and appearance different
things like that but I feel like
sometimes babies establish parts of the
personality like straight out even in
the womb this dude to me a good guy I
told you babies can change fast
they changed every minute the camera did
you just want to be in the fog like I
was saying kids change every day every
hour every minute
Wow well we were gonna go for a walk but
we're definitely go for a walk bringing
about in the rain yeah guys let's go
pouring and there's thunder going right
now I love summer storms yeah oh yeah
stand ready for vloggerfair
Seattle yeah no stereo thing this smells
really good felt like summer rain I like
some marine more than fall in winter
rain if you guys ever bought one of
those like breeze Glade plugins makes
use a little bit of barbecue I feel like
in the Midwest there's like so many in
here this no I love a good lineage
that's the base Thunder I were yearning
of getting inside having the power go
out no gosh lovely good understand crazy
you know much it's raining right now
just like a second it was like cloudy
and then BOOM pouring rain and a
sleeping baby he would not stop crying
so we just put him in here and now he's
not crying uh-huh
you look you with a baby on you you look
like you're in a well that movie what to
expect a mere expecting
no oh no I guess that too though I've
never seen it though thank you we did
workout beer bad yeah it's better for
your back man hold him though aim just
was there Annette angels that's you
mommy some people thought that song
might actually be a real song and we're
pulling it from somewhere completely
made-up but we're creating a track for
it naturally whatever no it's just weird
songs that come to your head while
you're holding a crying baby that's
looking at angels either Berkeley
drinking or farting loving or both
that's you daddy I've been trying to get
Jen to make another channel to talk
about like crocheting she's a makeup
beauty vlogger no I just wanted to have
a place where she can just be like what
and it's called the new channel is
called Jenica says no I'm fine
what would you say you had a book so
we'll see how it goes a lot of people
recommend it major in there to you yep
two percent two percent I thought that's
got to be a downfall to a Kindle the
percentage stuff I mean I guess you get
used to it but I always like feeling
like how much of the book is actually
left do you miss that yes and no I read
through Kindle faster than read through
book look I get read through my Kindle
faster cuz it's like bigger words and
smaller pages it's still the same amount
of words and peaches I know but I finish
them faster I just feel like I've
finished
Irina's faster because I don't know I
don't know I didn't think I would enjoy
my Kindle but I love it
see her name's Kim B and she's almost
died a few times and it freaks me out
every time I want to cry I'm working on
that JJ Abrams lens flare like that
yeah let me just tell you peeps the
crying's worth it
don't you say oh yeah totally worth it
but have a kid after you made that steak
for not married we're married yeah it's
a lot of work not gonna lie but it's
worth it what we're gonna go for a walk
now and I realized that there are a lot
of new people here the last time we did
a Q&A how many people were subscribed
like 10,000 11,000 12,000 and now it's
like 35,000 so I realize a lot of you
guys probably haven't even seen our
original Q&A I'll put that in the
description well it's always there but
we're gonna do another one soon so if
you guys have questions for us I look
like I'm in jail breaking through yeah
watch the old QA and then ask new
questions and what we're gonna do is
we're gonna do when you could do an a it
will also go and do a mail ball coming
up cuz a lot of you had told me to check
the PIO box so I'm gonna go check the
PIO box
I can't wait till you pay attention to
things I say to you I'm going to make
the craziest voices that you I'm going
to dance around you I'm going you
already you already do that stuff yeah
alright guys ask his questions we're
gonna do a Q&A video soon no vlog and
all others little bit of sorts Mantova
okay bye guys yes brown eyes
