it's 3:00 a.m. and the coos wide awake
daddy can just do just this dude just
blasted often like five different
diapers every every time we swish the
diaper it was like I didn't we just look
at it and be like yeah wow we're not
supposed to interact with you at night
but you're so cool
daddy is the Baby Whisperer in the
morning-time Noah loves to cuddle him
there's something I always chugga-lugga
Malcolm that's a tummy ache and dad's
the only one who can sue them I don't
nothing Catalan in the morning - yeah
just a remit I'm Jeff that's you mummy
motorcycle race or is or it's a bad
impression of a flirt yeah I'm really
warm and I think that's part of it yeah
my hands get really warm animal again
just warm his whole body yet probably
build it even the womb
I love cuddling and baby cuddles are the
best gave me ma'am and praying please
let this gas pass I just can't take it
any longer I just wanna poop I mean oh
no I got these adorable loafers from one
of our family friends and I just had to
see if they fit him because his feet are
kind of big but kind of small at the
same time and they fit a perfect how
cute are those cute little over feet I'm
getting Jensen chick-fil-a that girl
deserves something good man mom's mom
all you moms out there I love you mom's
your mom's are amazing tons amazing
it's Friday we can't like go out and
just link fun I'm gonna be working
tonight so we could since you play oh
definitely
I'll start the day off right you already
know baby that right there is a happy
marriage yeah anthem what's going on you
don't you okay how's it going everybody
that's you daddy
good stuck in your head you hate having
a gumdrop look at him try to get free oh
it's almost got one arm up
who do you see work on that day - is a
mental psych ward burrito he's starting
to break free
that's just my fault the two people I
love the most laying on a couch together
watching Beauty vlogs and I dude you'd
rather watch some sports with me or
something cool right twelve seconds
later
that's the kids thing I've ever seen hey
guys so little man was well he was awake
and then I put him in the carrier here
now he's asleep but we're gonna go for a
little walk cuz we need to get out more
and being stuck inside all day it's
really not fun so yeah we're just gonna
go for a walk maybe around the complex
or something they look at male
I don't really know we just need some
fresh air to help us get our pet back in
our step let's go
and he seriously loves his thing he's
already already passed out nice little
stroll so nice that today it's a little
hot still but pretty nice solace I don't
know it's probably will say at 8 9 8
o'clock or something still really hot
out but it's nice and it's nice to be
out with my little guy but it'll be nice
for one Sam come join us on these walk
Smith has his new shift he has one more
week of his old shift that's ok those
have to do some solo for a little while
love you babe he loves you too first we
had fat babies and now we have super
baby how cute are these dreamers you
guys look as cute they're just adorable
huh super baby yeah
who's so cute say thank you
what's up peeps its 1221 8m it's
technically Saturday just got off work
and I called up Jen I was like hey it's
Friday night let's celebrate it's
actually Saturday I'm gonna go to
McDonald's and get some fast food yep
that unhealthy stuff guys that will kill
you no but we wanted to celebrate so
getting Jenna McDouble with no onions on
a small fry
maybe we'll go home watch some vlogs
hang out have a good time
hey happy date night a happy date night
happy date night happy date night
everybody we're gonna watch a show on
Netflix and have some food
cuz we're crazy like that it's 1:00 a.m.
and we should be resting especially
because this guy's asleep we gotta have
a little date night thank you should I
do a row bunch up in the back Jen made
me a beanie is this what they're called
a beanie some ones that they would buy
one from you oh you should make someone
a beanie
custom-order someone well you take a
roll off sort of a bunch okay
did that bother you cuz I like to err
like this guys how does Jen's pee look
in the back yeah the back is it's lovely
I think I might take it roll off Thanks
love it can't wait to wear it in the
winter
yeah I wear it to work in that work I'll
speed up make a video like this oh yeah
oh you know just dad taking selfies with
her sleeping PEP texting integer
there's somebody there so cute I just
love you guys I want to come down here
and join this cuddle too he hates me
like a braid that all they don't you lay
on top of me and then he'll tell you
it's way it's getting bigger guys it's
really sad and exciting at the same time
like a baby is people actually have
babies that size can you believe that I
can't believe it
you guys are cute I love you I think
I'll keep you both
oh man I guess this wasn't date night
cuz we stayed in family date night
family date night family date nights
ending with a little family cuddles this
sup peeps today was a day just like any
other how many people know that song
that was not the right beat to the song
oops
nu I call days like that a lazy Friday
lazy Friday cuz we're just relaxing tons
of Noah footage thumbs up spending time
with a little guy getting to know him
learning more about him he's different
every single day he looks different
he sleeps different he eats different
but he's our little dude and he's still
the same at the same time I don't even
know what I'm saying anymore it's crazy
to think that this dude is gonna be one
of the leaders in our family cuz like
he'll be the oldest sibling of all his
other siblings and we're gonna spend a
lot of time with them look at these two
right now I think people forget how like
precious newborns are there's not a ton
you can do with them right away and it's
kind of awesome though it's just fun to
cuddle and they like to cuddle every
morning he just like Nestle's up on me
and I I love it it's so awesome so
anyways hope you guys have a good day
hope you enjoyed today's vlog I know it
was a lot of just us laying around with
them but those are the best kind of days
aren't they mama yep see you guys
tomorrow
purse
