you guys ready for a lot of baby no
footage I mean like a lot I'm gonna get
thick up this morning
you always stares at it okay say hello
YouTube fam hi let me just extend this
hand right here as I say hello to all of
you
hi my name is Rudy the man and today I
will rest sleep and drink some more look
like I do every day like I said
yesterday - Oh Mike yes let me just with
my fingers right here man excuse me
when's the milking are you ready again
what do you mean a couple of hours you
have to making saint man can stand dad
what can you do about that can my dad
well alright guys so thank you ready
see ya peace and we give you kisses
hello my lady friends these are for you
wallah
let me some you guys then go and base
Tito but I was kids for all of you and
based into a Balinese mujeres we just
had a tear fall out of my eye
this is from mom and dad it's my son
he's he's my son twice today oh dude
that's like a record you spit up like
three times your old wife now gonna cry
you gonna cry is it up is it that bad is
it upsetting oh man no I haven't stomach
of Steel gonna grab that tummy looks
like you're working something out let me
help you get that out we're standing at
Angel's
that's cute mommy you mommy I went
diving with saving that what we stirring
that was daring it just clawed his
father's neck let's see
oh yeah it's red you poor Jen I just
left her at home she's having like an
in-house visit from a nurse that she has
to have because of our insurance it's
kind of it's cool I mean for a lot of
people it'd be really nice and I'm sure
Jen will actually learn a lot of cool
things but right now I feel bad for her
because I just left her the reason
though is because I have to go to work
really soon and I need you to get some
groceries for us
I'm changing my work schedule no longer
doing 4:00 to midnight oh and let me
finish this after I stopped driving
these big trucks always crack me up
because I think it's a jerk with a big
booty yeah with that big booty truck how
you doing big booty truck
just went to Target oh yeah work
schedule I have to be to work in nine
minutes
and I haven't even eaten today I need to
get home and get these groceries home oh
yeah yeah yeah I think that's what a lot
of people don't know or maybe forget
that being a new parent is hard just
time-consuming it's new we're not used
to it just newborns in general there's
just a lot to do we're really sensitive
just sleep and everything I don't have a
lot of time right now I barely have
enough time to talk to my own family and
a lot of people I mean it's just been
like weeks of visits which we've enjoyed
and people wanting to talk in this net
that's really hard I just I haven't even
eaten today it's four o'clock and I have
worked in eight minutes
so I can't complain though I wouldn't
have it any other way
honestly wouldn't have it any other way
love my life right now it's the best I
love our little baby love Jen and this
is exactly what I wanted so it's awesome
to the work schedule though so it's like
353 I will be home by now next week I'll
be home by 3:00 so I'll be awesome I can
go out get things done not being a rush
before work I've loved my schedule for
the mid night it's been laid-back it's
been fun but this will be a much better
it'll be much more healthier I'll have a
much more social life and get a lot more
done I think for the midnight time slot
it was a good experiment I liked it this
will let me be a better dad husband and
friend though so looking forward to
starting it
you guys need home yeah no I'm not a
morning person sometimes you hit all the
lights and you end up with a rap in your
hand
good times this kid has been sleeping
for a long time
we're just cuddling now he's so sweet
but look at that whole angel face I just
love him I don't want to wake him up
every day is when we better relieve
different with this kid it's we had um
some cousin stopped by tonight yeah you
stayed asleep
you shouldn't waken you should be
starving right now I'll wake up when you
want to do just a little tummy time for
this guy you like it oh yeah sure mom
probably like it for a minute though oh
thank your dad to come home
you slept all day so not surprised he's
awake right now huh you trying to eat
some more I don't think he minds to tell
me time he's just chilling those cheeks
what else jinx Sharon love them it's
good to be home with you from work you
looking at me what you looking at hey
Kylie I wish this thing focused faster
he'll flip oh no no I guessed hey Bobby
would you look at it they just moved
chilling right now well then stay away
from the gloves we can have a good night
tonight give it to me I demand it right
now and dare you to try to speed in with
your boob you probably take it first
bottle look he's taking it oh look at
this
no today when I was holding him when he
was crying he pooped because he was
crying so hard we'll see how much he
really drinks yeah Oh precious moments
now documented look at him he just yeah
mom hurt me all right baby mom yeah this
is the life oh yeah I could still go for
my milk
just drink like old bottle with Eggbert
meme some more it's like my Nikes acts
we have to get some like spit up cam if
he spits up just like the
you know I split up three times four
times in this whole life the joys of
being a parent you treasure every single
moment the first bottle the first mile
the first part first poop first laugh
the first I don't know
go ahead so funny because we seriously
loved every single moment of being with
this guy although I'm not sure if he
always enjoyed every moment another vlog
another day older the state's almost
three weeks old already and you'll end
the whole world knowing thanks for
hanging with us guys it really means a
lot it's awesome to have such a
tight-knit close youtube fam we love it
we'll see you guys tomorrow peace
