trying to squash the beef with Jay today
I'm gonna buy an any add of Jay Paul I
seen on this billboard are you kidding
me
good morning hey what's good we're
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie boy
just waking up right now I'm exhausted
but we are about to get the day started
by going to get a bunch of and
yesterday's vlog I told you we're gonna
go pick up like some smoke bombs and
stuff like that because we're taking
some fire Instagram pics partially for
the club gamers drop them very soon guys
you already know about by the time those
vlogs out the merch is probably gonna be
up so link in the description caught
that
speaking of Instagram posted a new pic
right here go click on go click it
you'll like it go hit it to 300,000
likes full family already know it's a
bomb pic before the vlog even begins I
need you guys to go down and smash that
like what Alissa 35,000 lights for no
reason
these are out here cleaning out the
garage the garage has been dirty for so
long and finally the roof of the car the
only thing saying is numbers breaks I
already had a salad today and it's 10
a.m. and I already had a little bit of a
workout so it's already starting off
nice got my GF you sponsor me let's get
it yo we're pulling up to North
Hollywood I'm he needs DIY home center
everything in there is doing yourself
smash the like button and we'll buy
everything in that store and then we'll
buy everything at his favorite orange
yellow red kind of a flop that there's
no red because my whole outfit is red I
depended on us getting red now I'm off
looks like I'm gonna have to get orange
off wait what the hell where little Lucy
shops for his clothes this guy's house
for his clothes and paintballs there's
calories which ones does it say calories
on them 60 cow
you know sometimes guys your favorite
youtuber is gonna tell you to have a
good day you know I say every single day
in every vlog I hope you guys are having
an amazing day so I hope you're having a
great day I hope you guys are having an
amazing date yeah you know that's pretty
cool you know
having a good day is always good but I
want to wish you guys not only a good
day but I want to wish you guys a good
year because you know it's 2018 all on
ours today and I just look at this
license plate bro speaking of license
plates when you really quit the highway
hey come on I hate LA by a highway he
owns a fucking share of the highway
we're in Burbank it's weird
I don't feel like I'm in LA anymore
never been here never coming back Jesus
Christ guys my idol is in Ken Walmart
I'm caught from one of these where's the
poster this was it 81 and you got the
first section
Jake Paul I'll take six wait is there a
as it really is everyday support yeah
you know support like people that you're
fans up what is that old guys Erica cost
us here whoa G actually not guys beef is
so 20 February 2018 the start of 2018
you gotta honestly I'm just trying to
squash the beef with Jake I don't want
to be him and Erica no more I'm actually
gonna support them today I'm gonna buy
anything any add of Jay Paul I see
that's the first one didn't expect to
see it at all but I'm a cop this this so
you can guys can see that this is actual
thing I'll put it in the bag but we're
also here in
I can still have a little bit of beef so
I mean I'm gonna go on Facebook
Instagram Twitter everything else today
if I see any other ads I have to buy it
that's the rule tamasha leg one squash
the beef or smash alike wasn't ready
Jake Paul this guy's one weird thing
about like doing YouTube is getting
weird supplies and right now we're
looking for like a survivor torque and
literally Gabe brought us to a freaking
house with something on the door see if
they answer the door
sketch get sketch there's like things
across the road saying beware official
gabe's churn the knock on the house door
now because he thinks this is the
business and this is a house can people
working on rooms and Gabe some girl this
came downstairs are their pajamas why
she's gonna open this window trying to
get whips and chains I don't think this
kind of take photos anymore I'm getting
these for Coachella oh those are
actually feet and then I think he's
gonna get this for some girl he wants
over that later tonight never trust the
stir in the bottom of my house all right
guys so we're in the camera store
waiting for Gabe and Carrington to buy
it the last supplies for the day
literally we've been out all day and the
weirdest keeps happening to me literally
I was scrolling through my facebook and
I never go on my facebook other than to
like send myself files and like that and
I swear to God within the first three
ads a Jay Paul ad popped up I clicked it
and now this is what is in front of my
screen it's it's like yo do you want to
go to the shop page so now I'm at the
shop page and the first thing is a Jake
Tyler's hoodie for $54 now I told you
guys if I see it I got a coffin I'm
trying to squash the beef so we're gonna
click it
right now $54 all these check out on the
website it's probably gonna take me to
fan joy which by the way my merch is on
fan joy as well
coffee little fianc calm we're gonna get
the black honestly we're gonna get the
black because it's the most classic
color it's a first color it comes in and
knows I'm in Canada the phone
iPhones are smart like I feel like they
70 Canadian dollars I feel like they
know everything and they're listening to
me at all times I'm gonna get a double
XL Add to Cart let me put my credit card
information in website guys as you can
see Thank You Charles order number and
the cost this is in u.s. so Canadians
even more your boy Wolfie is gonna have
a Jake caller as a merch thing guys you
know what they say keep your friends
close your enemies closer
I'm gonna literally have Jake on my body
at all times because bro I bought his
merch that's two things hopefully I
don't see more of the friggin ads
because I don't want to come up any more
today I already spent more than I wanted
to what look poster about this but yeah
I never got a hoodie you know when we
were at the park that one day he threw a
hoodie at Deji no bro it wasn't a waste
of time
and it wasn't a waste of time you want
to know why cuz get yourself some Jake
Palmer right here that's yours take that
home with you I never got one okay and I
really wanted one because I'm like huge
fan Jake you shoulda thrown one of my
face for I would have used it okay you
should have ship it off you should have
thrown one my way but it's all good bro
I'm gonna support it not like him not
making enough Jake if you watch this by
Wolfie yeah bye bye bye wolf feel you
bro like I need to make a little more
don't have a Lambo quite yet hopefully I
don't see any more Jake
guys leaving the camera stop and take
pause inside right there
with more of his merch so I'm gonna have
to cop that as soon as I get home
I'm just stressed I'm literally stressed
he's everywhere on this billboard are
you kidding me how much so guys just got
home and this is the hoodie that I saw
in the banner
oh it's actually on sale from 49 to 39
so this is what we got a cop guys a deal
is a deal and I told you guys I'm
comping everything they don't get out in
my size they only have small they don't
have medium they don't even have large
there's no extra large so they don't
even care about the big one like me so I
guess we're getting small Add to Cart
and let's check out so I'm gonna pay
with that with PayPal hold on I just
gotta show you guys that I'm actually
buying this okay guys so here it is 59
94 it is a purchase thank you huh so
that is one hoodie actually two
different hoodies and a poster just from
Strictly ads that I saw today I'm kind
of stressed but you know Jake I'm your
biggest fan bro you didn't throw
anything at me when you threw it out
daddy so God ask you guys this guy yeah
I got a support anyways DJ's in town
you guys know DJ old-school elbow is
back in his guise screw the rest of albo
they didn't come out here and visit your
boy even though I've been out here
forever
they just been doing the same shit
Ottawa but I was like yo DJ pull up to
my city bro cuz I need I need my fellow
Ottawa people out here this guy's like
no worries so he's here so we're gonna
kick it with him let's go alright as we
just pulled up to DJ's and honestly bro
like he needs to become an le monde so
i'ma plug him surprise him with some
exclusive wolfy merch Wolfie raps common
link in the description I'm gonna give
my boy my hat cuz this is what I took
with me my first time I came to LA I
could never get rid of this I mean it's
my merch Wolfie raps calm best merch in
the game but I'm a surprising with it so
let's go see what do you think's alright
guys we just pulled up to DJ's you
already know what it is okay
the Wolfie merch row your element
take that bless up I love that take that
say really for some reason this one I
love this one really good radishes let's
get it
geez Gabe setting up the clubhouse
garage we about to do a close in photo
shoot I got my new merch which by the
way is gonna be out I think by the time
this blogs out got the backdrop set up
we got the stand set up the smoke bombs
are about to be set up it's about to be
a Liddy and you already know your boys
gonna post it Instagram pics so just be
ready for it guys get my last pic to
3-under kay it's already popping it's
almost at 3-under kay it's I like 280 or
something so go get it to 3-under kay
right now this is it and call me the
fire emojis following you back and leg
in all the comments oh why do we need to
ring lights Lamartine charles is uh
about to do a photo shoot and dr. Fong
gang here rights project thanks Frasier
of the month
this is a
my job breathe give me more give me more
give me more
we need more light we need more like an
you put a Lance give me another one
pulls up that can't be
that's fire do the pose let me pull it
whose man is this don't try this at home
do not try this at home you're friggin
idiot Wow now breathe fire
jeez oh okay
so guys the reason we screwed up is
because we did not open the instructions
it says specifically pull horizontally
and not vertically it literally says
don't pull vertically we pulled them all
vertically so it was luck that some of
them worked but this guy said you need
to read the instructions I read the
instructions banks did it Gabe did it
who the fuck said yo maybe I should read
the instructions on yeah yeah I did
cuz you know wait no wait you're lucky
you can punch him in the balls here we
used to do that yeah we're good okay
guys so we just wrapped up taking
pictures for the day your boy is
literally I can't even y'all right now
I'm exhausted such a freaking long day
have an editing half the day so much
been going down and there's so much that
you guys need to get ready for main
channel videos are dropping
yeah the Jake Paul merch I'm gonna be
unboxing whenever I get it but as for
like the poster that I bought I think I
might open that in tomorrow's vlog and I
got a game that I want to play with it's
gonna be sick right now I'm gonna sit
down with gaming we're gonna edits a
picture or he's gonna edit some pictures
but we just got to wrap up everything
with the club game rich so gotta get
that done I'm gonna end the vlog off
here I love you guys so much hit the
like button
let's hit 35,000 I can't talk I'm
exhausted spit a little bit more sauce
on my main channel Anna's always a
savage
