we can how old are you go to your
description I want to eat one line one
leg will be welcome back to more Wolfie
today is the special day of the
scavenger hunt aka the $5,000 treasure
hunt find and go hide-and-go-seek game I
don't even know that banks is pulling
what's poppin wolf a nancy boy wolfy I
love you guys so get much before we
begin the video I need you guys to go
down to smash that like button let's hit
35,000 likes for absolutely no reason
today just cuz I like my likes also if
you are not part of the wolf femme what
are you doing go hit that subscribe
button we drop heat every single day
prince telemon
every single bad word Prince just woke
up this guy's still in his sleepy mode
right here on the couch I dropped by
Sylvia to say what up to Prince yes give
me a belly print this is my dog Prince
guys if you don't know Prince he's a
cutie
Whoopi jr. is actually coming to LA very
soon because I'm gonna get my mom and
him to come out because we need a
friggin dog here we just been waitin on
getting the new house which is in the
works
yesterday was Ryan's birthday we kind of
celebrated it we went out to dinner and
all that but we didn't turn up at night
so today we got to turn up at night but
to do that this guy has all of you guys
I'm sure can relate to need a birthday
fit okay this guy doesn't have an outfit
basically he went to Jamaica with his
mom and then before he could even go
home to Ottawa to go get clothes I was
like nah you're coming to friggin LA so
he came to LA which means he didn't have
any time to go get his clothes so he has
no clothes here all he has is like
button upbeat shirts like vacation
shirts and stuff like that so I'm gonna
go take him to a store also today I get
the car the guy just gave me the good
news he's like yeah the rims are just
finishing up I'm gonna give you a call
later today and you're gonna go get the
whip which is good because I can't deal
with the friggin rental car anymore I
can't do it i friggin can't do it this
thing has trouble going up hills almost
crashed yesterday and I'm a good driver
I promise so we got a lot to do today
Prince give you let's get it dog that's
yeah I really am gonna miss you buddy
it's been a good couple of days
definitely time for you to cut so guys
for breakfast
Fraser actually bought us to this place
called Sharky's or some shit it's like
some Mexican food and
he's like yield is actually healthy
options here so I'm H what I just got is
like chicken breast Jean wah brown rice
and broccoli literally I thought I was
gonna have to get a burrito but there's
some add options so shout out chest
plate comes right you know you look at
and you would be like what really yeah
it's called a power plate so y'all
trying to get these gains but these
healthy gains trying to lean out cooking
broccoli key one veggies chicken breast
and Mauro's you I'm saying the vibrant
alive of the plate is like you know why
did you get your undergone a diaphragm
yeah alright guys so banks just posted
this video we are on route to the park
right now we're just in the middle of
doing a 75 point turn because some are
blocked in the garage do you are tickets
to take you back babe that's just where
I am I wait let's get you sure we movie
City right yeah we anyways guys the
video is now up so I'm assuming there's
gonna be kids that are so crazy because
it's $5,000 that literally leaves school
run to this park but we're headed there
now so hopefully we can get there before
kids are there here I'll move up a
little bit
good is that good yeah let's get it UV
rays pulling up to the park mad people
are taking pics they have no idea that
five grand is like on their fucking feet
you'll cut right now guys it's actually
looking pretty clear but I mean I
haven't really checked cuz overnight
this is where it is right beside this
white guy this white man holding some
stuff but it doesn't look like there's
any kids honestly I think it's mainly
because it's school time right now and I
should be in school yes I know a little
fan I'm 17 but just like school has been
rough for me lately so I just haven't
been going youtubes my priority so
YouTube over school over here oh my god
yelled as a kid running there's a kid
running this kid running yeah I get
pranked actually as a kid running though
holy SH the kid running I don't put my
camera down and be more low-key who
knows the whole idea I've been telling
you guys someone's gonna come in the
first 30 minutes ago I will
what's the use
video was posted 20 minutes ago
a film me getting a nice shot just kids
stressed he doesn't know about the
solution I didn't watch the oh he's well
yeah but the thing ground actually looks
like it's like kids insane that's good
Congrats and broken guys telling you bro
someone's gonna come early Brian no
super fans for huh
you cannot mess a super fans is he
diggie
that's the big blows the cameras on so
he had a lot of
oh did you watch the video but can I
take this Romero how to do the cocaine
this guy was in the shower naked but yo
shout to these two guys I feel bad
this guy's gotta unlock this we gotta
get out of here congrats to him though
he has the phase chain he's a real fan
don't leave what's your channel grow
shut out your channel I'll have a
channel yeah what's your IG operation
you guys can follow brother no bro
because the wheelchair needs to know I'm
gonna give him a nice shout-out because
he came in early he knows Gabe my
Instagram is pal Croatian PA o CR EA
tion yes yeah sorry no link description
I watch your content all the time you
know like I'm just gonna take the camera
off there because guys YouTube beef
let's get it he's helping them find the
numbers for a hundred beans that's cool
bro it's so hot alright guys so we are
officially heading out of the park right
now someone won the prize there's too
many people coming here I feel guilty
watching people come thinking they're
gonna get 5 grand and not winning it so
we are out I'm going to pick up my car
right now so let's go get the whip baby
guys
we're pulling up to go see my car we
murdered it out Congrats I'll give you
some cinematics check out the car first
yeah let's go home got the wetback
so as you guys can see the color of the
car is essentially blacked out
aka murdered-out this is the color I
chose from the Hat I honestly wanted to
get it matte pink but yo sometimes if
you don't get what you want this will be
picked out of the hat so I had to stick
to it we've blacked everything out
tinted the out of the windows
literally I might change it up in a bit
but for now this is pretty cool just cuz
it's like classic Mercedes colors but we
still need a name for the car so like I
said in the past like six vlog comment
down below a switch name for this
Suede's movies not sways mobile it's
like a this is like my personal
Batmobile so I don't know maybe somebody
will Batman wolf 'mobile and get ready
to see the license plate cuz the black
and yellow license plates gonna be crazy
also come here cool Mia come here peep
the rims black the rims in ground
caliber this is just like the way vyas
car ever it looks way less Grandpa's
from the graded so I'm super excited
about this Jonathan as he wraps for
doing the job they killed it the guy
actually did it in time because I
definitely rushed him but he did a great
job no you can't I don't want anyone
seeing me birth the car so they do a
great job while your car rap if you have
a crazy car I can come here because this
place does it right um anyway somebody
yeah they did it very quick to whose
customs would have taken a month so now
time to go get the reaction of everyone
at the house Sylvia's first look at the
new car
Prince you like it pretty freaking out
because you like the car no missus you
look at the blacked out logo and then
look at the rims red breaks with the
black can blacked out and the rim is
shiny just like yeah gloss black love it
that's wavy wavy you like it yeah
alright guys here's my license plate cuz
I don't give a changed it up so there
you go
blacked out the e63 blacked out to s AMG
nice principles anything it looks way
better than the gray and silver oh yeah
the Batmobile is here guys holy you're
proof we approve geez let's go jeez guys
my baby is looking fresh
holy anyways we just stopped at quench
to go grab smoothies brian is inside
right now I can't even be inside I need
to sit in the car because right now I'm
literally fucking dying I have to pee so
so bad that I literally have to
physically sit down so that I can hold
in this pee for some reason I don't know
if it's like hold on guys I give you
better lighting I don't know if it's
like the state sir what's going on here
but yo nowhere has public restrooms no
where does and a lot of the ones that
they have here you need to literally
like buy food in order to use them so
like this place didn't have one the gas
station by the car I placed and have one
so I'm literally holding I gotta go
anyways guys I told Ryan no matter what
he does I'm gonna give him one of these
sick medications if he throws it out so
why do you throw it on my seat in the
brand new car Ryan hey guys first of
many on your car guy right yes this is
the car that I am getting rid of but
you're right behind arts car people the
black DOS it's like gloss
yeah gloss black with the glass wheels
can tinted as hell you can't see
sponsorship and brother Mercedes logo up
here it's blacked out it brought the
whole color of the car changed it bro
this is a man
it's a Mad King I even see like can you
even see out the window you can see out
but like you can barely fit the kind of
camera actually but let me get inside
the car let's see if I can even some
more look you cannot see me yeah yeah
now you can only see my reflection in
bro it's for like celebrities no we have
to go out yeah take a rip in this laid
out of great joy hey yo you approve of
it yeah another one approved okay guys I
just told desi to come downstairs and
look at my car he has a Lamborghini
Aventador s so obviously it's like
impressive like nothing impressing him
his brother also has a fuckin Lambo
so he's like yo let me go my camera I'm
like he's why am I sure it is yo you
know it's not a lamb bone with a Lambo
bro this is already a buzzkill
so this is my la cart la cart what my la
cart
no this is one of them yeah I know I got
my other car wrapped this is it yeah
yeah I called the Batmobile
team Mercedes kaleb's this guy are you
and no no no no and oh my god yeah I
can't roll the window down are you going
back yeah yeah we're going but nah cuz
yo we are trying to FaceTime your banks
just put up the snap we are trying to
FaceTime em with these kids like having
em on FaceTime with all the kids let me
pull up here let me pull up let me pull
up Gabe okay guys so I was on a call the
whole time while the boys were out there
can do in some crazy but y'all banks
just posted on a snap that the money was
found so there's a lot of people here
I'm gonna see if I can get a clip of the
people being here I'm just gonna run out
get a quick clip just to see how many
people are left it's been like 20
minutes after he posted the snap so
people are starting to move out this guy
and his girlfriend I'm now cutting the
scene what everybody maybe like 15
people are saying he posted it it's over
hey like to add played yourself alright
so guys it's officially over the trailer
was a ride there someone dig and found
it hey where'd your oh wow stop making
fun of us fortnight I know I'm not
making funny of just saying what the
house has become for tonight over here
over here what you said you're gonna win
well look how big this is first probably
excuses all right well cut to the wind
day oh if you win you get a pop take a
pop tag pop take I gotta win now alright
guys mitch is literally 19 kills up this
game honestly shout-out to him final
kill alright here we go let's go Mitch I
gotta kill you got this you got this you
obviously pop tag to Mitch he actually
came through it did it guys soca gots
the bitch Wow
desi is the first human being
who doesn't like overdue what Wow
we'll give this to a homeless guy all
right guys we just got home from uber
tuba
it was delicious - you're a snake you
don't like it but yo so V is about to do
one here I'm editing my video Prince is
chilling on the bed I just cleaned the
room guys look how frigging nice it
looks
I don't know how me and silver you got
on this topic we're just talking about a
bunch of stuff we were looking at like
old tweets and all this and all that and
guys I need to show you something this
is insane this is all just jokes
obviously but we were going through like
my old tweets and I was tweeting some
dumb shit and then one of Sylvia's old
tweets when she was in school back in
the day because of a so freaking long
gun guys are so loud I'm 17 years old
but yo she tweeted some funny shit about
like what's the site called you know
what the site's called sleeping
arrangements because Sylvia is looking
for should know I know like as a joke me
and my friend were making fun of sugar
babies and sugar and like couldn't
understand this sugar baby like like the
girl the one who gets them okay so you
can be a guy and being sugar baby -
really yeah so we were like looking into
it and we made an account to see if like
is legit and yeah and then I got and
guys actually message about really
creepy guys this is stressing me out
I mean this is wait this is like seven
years ago but like back in 2011 and 2012
I'm kind of stressed because Sylvia had
even though it was for jokes she had
this friggin eye count on like a sugar
daddy website do you still have it I
tried to log into my account because I
didn't know what it was and then I had
to reset my password but I got onto my
profile but I'm sure you have your
autonomy my sxo you're back in the
account
guys seeking arrangements nice dress if
you're looking for a guy with money
girls sign up as the sugar mama why am i
promoting to say this it's over but yeah
the heading was fun and intelligent
attractive young lady so after we
actually got a few messages and we just
delete the vehicle um guys there's
literally websites for girls to find
sugar daddies like I didn't think it
would get any there's probably acts in
guys think it but I feel that's way like
way more rare and hard that's why it's
called sugar daddy that's the initial
name for the term but yo guys that's
insane
this girl's a frigging website what if I
told you I was on some crazy website
like that this is what's that website
called I'm Ashley Madison this was a
joke first of all so I would actually be
pissed at you I know guys I can't
believe that Silvia was doing this so we
can how old are you how old are you
looking for should be done okay I was
gonna say like if you're in high school
and you're doing this you're freaking
wild anyways guys I'm about to do my
hair wait is your profile up there no
yeah let me read that let me read that
let me read I just want to read some of
the stuff okay but let me read let me
read one line just one time my friend
she give you death steer you my roommate
made are you free cuz Gayo go to your go
to your description I want to read one
line one line no no okay fine she
doesn't want to show us the description
I'll keep that low key yeah yeah just
side it's actually one person to do it
I'm so hacker can go into it 35 doesn't
like someone do it also important guys
two things about the merch first of all
I want to thank you guys so much for
posting all your pics you guys are
looking so good in the Wolfie merch it
looks amazing on you guys shout out to
all my wolf fam if you have not posted
it for some reason I'm starting to post
you guys on my Instagram account Wolfie
raps that's like the merch page and like
my backup account literally peep how
frigging sick you guys look in the
Wolfie merch geez first job grind ting
you guys are killing it
taking the swaggiest pics so shut up to
all you guys for posting those pics also
if you want to get featured on the page
all you gotta do is post a dope pic
wearing the merch and use the hashtag
Wolfie merch and tag me at wolf your
apps and at Wolfie on my main Instagram
because that's the way I'm gonna find
your pic so that I can read
post them because I gotta get back to
the wolf fam I mean you guys deserve a
little bit of Club to so send me those
pics ASA also too quick more things
about the merch
I just got sent in the new designs for
like a crewneck and then a couple of
tees and some new stuff that I have
designed a couple weeks ago and this is
fire guys get ready because this is
gonna sell out quick it's gonna sell out
instantly you guys are already savages
when it comes to buying the merch so you
do not want to miss out on this stuff
back to add to your Wolfie merch
collection says so a whole wardrobe you
guys my whole wardrobe is literally wolf
emerges as you can see the wolf hats up
there yeah guys there's crazy pics me
Gabe Sylvia Omar Ryan we went off with
the modeling job for you guys and
there's gonna be some exclusive drops so
you want to be on the site as soon as I
announce that it's dropping so you do
not miss out on it and lastly I told you
guys I was gonna be picking a winner for
some sign merch so in tomorrow's vlog
I'm gonna be announcing that I'm gonna
send you a DM so you're gonna know who
you are so get ready for that but we're
gonna do is go to giveaways guys we're
gonna pump out the merch there's gonna
be dumb giveaways from now on because I
admit guys I've been I've been slacking
on giving back to you guys I've been
trying to get my life together out here
but now things are coming together I got
a lot more time on my plate and the wolf
F gets priority you guys literally more
important than me like I don't even like
I don't even brush my teeth for you guys
so just like just know that you guys are
important anyways there is so much going
on in the house right now like I do not
even know what's poppin
the people are upstairs listening to
music
I don't know
music playing this that but you know I'm
gonna end the vlog off here guys because
I gotta finish this video and I have
like a photo shoot early in the a.m. so
I gotta be up Matt early which means I'm
ending the vlog off here I love you guys
so much mash like button if you haven't
already
let's hit thirty five thousand likes on
this video comment down below and gang
so I know you made it to the very end of
the vlog and I will comment back to you
and last but not least Garrity because
in tomorrow's vlog my hair is actually
gonna be presentable it's been really
beat these past couple days I need a
haircut tomorrow probably go get one of
those and I'll see you guys soon on more
wolf where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always they savage Lego
