what you won't be welcome back b-dawg as
you can see guys by the title you
already know what we're doing today
we're doing another reaction videos oh
very excited guys never done this in the
past before I mean so let's play the
game of yes Whitney I am literally
youtube's audible innovation creation
great innovation motivation Gucci Mane
okay it's all about all of that if it's
not about that it's not about anything I
can't quote me on that
so we're starting a video off Frank's
Lexie his jawline you know what that
means it means to smash that like button
let's hit 30,000 likes on this video
just because we love honestly love like
theirs and you're gonna get bleeped it's
called yeah even though the text text
the proof joy it was 942 I got it
anyways guys called Jake Paul you're
probably wondering like yo why is Jake
Paul doing that
why is he crazy swinging himself so
we're gonna figure that out by watching
the goddess you guys I'm not a fan of
swimming as you guys know I am for the
people and only the people is either
wouldn't say f anybody yeah I wasn't I
wouldn't personally know why oh ho ho
Yuri go guys we're getting into the
reaction video I think it's gonna be a
dish yourself the challenge why do you
keep the MEMS oh here we go
okay wanted to disney channel flow a
line okay this is actually really good
so far it's it's not bad yeah I feel I
foresee like I know you hate them but I
this one's good I like the country one I
didn't like this one better nope
you don't like I don't care what you say
even though you hate them with all your
gut I like mess with me okay anyways
forget everything Ryan saying not bad
it's like an M&M flow so yeah if you
like to hold all of them do you actually
like him and you two actually is why he
can Jake are rich on
you sound like oh okay Wow one criticism
I have with this track there's there's a
little too much ginseng yeah a little
too Smith yeah it's going all for
themselves but I mean yesterday so
that's weird that you put in this
okay guys if crying wants Heat wait so
we're done playing this video you can
play games so yeah not bad flows what
he's simple very catchy man I seen him
feeling like on the Santa Monica Pier I
think so he went out of his leaving the
scenes on this video okay that's a big
line you like this themselves recovery
is like yeah but I'm not saying I don't
disagree with all that stuff it's like
maybe I I'm realizing I must messed up
I'm mercurial this is showing shot sign
this maturity she's showing why you
shouldn't hate them they know you as the
viewer is not you christening guys did
that this is a bang so guys I don't know
what is songs not done we're gonna keep
going but what do you think you do
forgive Jake pop I love are you looking
San you do
obviously if your guys comes with your
skin
yeah you are beautiful continue
so yeah all the other youtubers je crois
through watching this I bought you Jake
listen I watch more videos on the right
say that what's his cards name what's
his glasses that's a car
oh so guys anyways smash the like button
for that but basically the message is
Jake we forgive you okay come for Jim
because you do we do forgive you I don't
to your mistakes okay I think everyone
deserves a second third maybe 15th
Channel they had one chance with me 16
chance cuz you hit them 18 times
subscribe if you haven't already
youtube.com slash the man yours Nazis
change we do crazy reactions on his
channel
we have about the merch peep the new
wolfy merch literally we're doing a
supreme collab it's insane guys so if
you want it go wolf your apps icon go
coffin everything is Spencer loves it
everything's 10% off but supreme loves
it too so if you like supreme like
luxury very very cheap cop the merch
wolfy wraps calm and I will see you guys
soon with another more wolfy blog in the
next life where we do things
we're hopefully my house is down to pack
tummy and you know like at the end of
the day Jake Paul you didn't motivate us
yo you motivated us very funny
