I am a but it was still very pretty
what's good Wolfie be back in this baby
hope everyone's having a blessed day I
hope everyone is remembering to stay
savage guys smash the light actually
don't even smash the like button just
lightly tap the light button today okay
let's see if we can hit 30,000 likes in
the first day of this video being up
okay can we do that wolf BAM let's get
it four hours is the magic number today
you're probably wondering what what will
feel like what's happened in four hours
we are going to New York in rice waves
in four hours but we have so much to get
done before we go to New York
the main thing though is a haircut as
you can see the side of my head it's not
looking the cleanest and I refuse to go
to New York looking like this so we got
to get fresh cuts I wanted to film a
video this morning but I don't think
that's gonna happen
but before a haircut I got a pickup
swings because this guy still doesn't
have his g1 still doesn't have his car
still I'm driving around like a freaking
uber driver sways okay so let's go get
this guy and see what he has to say the
man of the hour just showed up and we
are at the barbershop now hopefully
there's not too much of a line because
we were running on a tight schedule
don't don't mess my hair up please yes
hook it up oh my god guys the fade is
loud shout out to these guys let's use
oh man oh man New York you're not ready
for us you're not ready for us we're on
time we have actually ahead of schedule
oh here and I have one more bag for you
two bags let's get it there we go thank
you
we are on route to New York City or New
York New York thank you very much
he's got the door for us with the
gentlemen on route to the airport live
stream coming out very soon so instead
of all fans aunt let's get it what the
heck why is the airport absolutely
packed right now Ryan are you stressed
not really stressed because we got here
on time guys always come to the hair
since I'm a frequent flyer okay what
time do you come for international
flights two to three hours okay relax on
through you yeah yeah it's not too it's
not three anywhere I'd say two for
international flights technically we're
applying international even though we're
just going from we don't even need this
I'm not checking a bag that's a life
hack the number one life hack of the day
is that whole line and everyone back
there to play themselves I mean I
checked them this morning which means I
don't have to win that whole line which
means we can just go straight down to
this part which means we got here way
too early and I'm stressed
now we pretty much just have to wait for
the flight we're kicking it in a booth
was in the airport this way this way
that way that way that way
and guys it was just brought to my
attention I looked online and mad people
were tweeting at me more Wolfie just hit
three three mil okay guys three million
subscribers and shout out to all the
people here so yeah guys like I usually
do so I didn't know I bought you enjoy
eyes ears halfway done we don't drink we
were 70 anyways that's all the
subscribers that's all the people that
have shown me love over the past year or
so I thought I've been dropping daily
vlogs and just no but you missed some
beaver yeah I miss some things I'm not
daily vlogging I drop on the main
channel as well where's your second
channel coming soon does your g2
SWE's plays gaming channel Swedes plays
it overthinking so that David gets mad
anyways guys thank you so much for three
buddy here's to four Millie for Millie
here
I'm already sensing bad vibes going on
this trip guys there's a reason I was
supposed to get business class and I
just checked and I'm beside this guy on
the freaking plane what I'm stressed I
was supposed to be business class this
is not business classes following the
regular line
we're following the regular line okay
this is stressing me out guys but we are
headed to New York smash the like button
pray for me to have a safe flight I love
you guys I'll see you in New York and
just like that we are in New York and
check out how dark it is outside so you
can't see much right now because it's
kind of dark outside but just know
there's a bunch of skies mom aged I am a
and we get a black eye you don't have
your own customized sign you played
yourself yeah and I'm with this beat
light-skinned guy right here we're good
to go to her eyes let's get it this leg
room on whoa this is the best
they said the ceiling I'm at the double
you know drink all right guys this is
the first initial reaction of this room
here we go
let's see what's good no two beds two
beds a TV I mean no this is but do we
have a view guys we're literally in the
heart of Times Square if we look down
yeah we have like a view kind of like
the people down my leg it really zoom in
you can see the ants down there I mean
we are technically in Times Square I'm
stressed we're not high enough and we
are pretty damn high like literally it
lifted us all our floor is real quick
I think the first stop though because
we're in New York you need a New York
Pizza Pizza yeah we're probably just
gonna roam Times Square and just see
what we can eat around here
we didn't even know like Drake we're not
like you okay we don't I don't even get
your line anymore I'm at the W so I
can't meet you in the lobby because we
thought it was cuz you're rich and stuff
but apparently the lobbyists floor
seventh floor so you're all hardcore
Drake fans we may be he didn't even
think he was rich enough you don't get
it yeah we need to do research like
maybe it's just like I can't meet you in
the lobby because it's on the seventh
floor so they just come up first I don't
know what he meant anymore it's not it
maybe it's cuz he's rich but we're gonna
have to do some some thinking about this
but anyways this is their room two beds
let me and Ryan are gonna cut along
one-eighth of this bed what road is this
not really does this does this connect
to an iPhone what is this what's this
whoa Babs hold up I've never
i phone Sharon never look hold on this
let's see if it plays the music though
let's get this music playing with the
supreme play Oh Drake is on what
fittings track it's a party all right
even when we travel even when we travel
Intercontinental II this guy always
manages to find God I was telling Ryan I
was like yo we should go to the babe
store or be to the Gucci store both of
them closed at 7:00 Ryan's like whole
H&M is open late let's go to ATM and
let's go to champs so we're gonna see if
H&M in New York has anything different
than H&M in Canada you excited and Ryan
this is Ryan's literally
what do they call Tenley I know you know
you know you know time to scare the shit
out of Ryan Ryan just went to go get his
post mates downstairs he's coming back
up I'm gonna hide my hide in this door
and then scare the shit out of him when
he comes in this door here we go again i
watch eyebrows like I wanted to hide
here and then I was like nah nah cuz
like it's too tight I don't want to hide
here then I was like God just go behind
the door yeah guys one prank successful
New York's gonna be a good time and
you're sure what you got bro even though
I've been trash-talking Ryan I have been
trash-talking writing guys oh no did you
order sushi
no no why did it complementary what it
says complimentary crunchy crab
California roll that's lit okay guys we
st crab looking I will definitely have
this cuz I've been waiting on my food
but that's your decide that's it nah
there's no way this is bad no no it's
not bad for you but it's tiny oh no this
is my free food yeah guys I am stressed
I want to be healthy Ryan and I order
the water yo yo yo
when I ordered order to $4 oh yeah but
yours is ice-cold us one 999 seen you
around say you don't see all right wolf
am so I know you guys are enjoying the
New York day one vlog but I didn't have
an ending to it and I thought this would
fit pretty well basically there's an old
video if you guys don't know team out
were like we've been friends before
everything even happened before there
was like one YouTube channel my brother
brothers except for Ryan's ways we're
actually brothers here we've been
brothers who came from the same bed so
basically there's this unknown video
that if you don't put it like that why
we came from the same you see it from
the same room because we have the same
mom doesn't mean you need to say okay
well birth by the same mother put it
that way me Ryan and Dustin for anyone
wondering so there's this video there's
this video that is old school it was
dropped in 2007 this is one of the first
years of YouTube existing basically it
was on bongos channel so technically
Bongo is a youtuber before we were yeah
you want me to turn the camera yeah
anyways this is on bongos channel so
technically give a round of applause for
Bongo you as the first yeah I'm not
gonna tell you what the channel is
called but basically I need you guys to
go down and smash the like button right
now okay 30,000 minimum because this is
about to be the most cringe video we've
ever seen Dustin has not seen this video
have you seen this video I saw it a long
time ago like years ago I know what the
video is and I'm cringing I don't want
to do this but I'm gonna do it but
you're in the video he's gonna put me
out here exposing me I may as well be
here to defend myself okay yeah yeah we
were 12 years old and I 17 at the time
where we fall yeah we are 13 right so
here it is basically I don't need to
give an explanation those wait for
minutes yeah we can skip we can skip
through is the whole thing is Islip
singing I think make it rain by Fat Joe
now by Lil Wayne or is it it's
definitely the way is it I make it but
no but fragile as the birds yeah yeah
okay but uh he just goes by Joe now he's
not so fat anymore so here we go let's
see if you can spot who is who in this
video let's play this quality though
some potato web yeah
this isn't even 360p
the first gen like first gen I am Fanjul
in this one
Boko I'll go on the right side in guys
this is Rory nerd-dom goes in the yellow
then Zack Zack Scott the hood on Rory
Rayner in the front and Bongo with the
glasses on the top right listen when
everyone doesn't know here is that where
am i right I'm under the table so when
they drop the money how big ZZ over so
it looks like we're some water falling
money hey I know how to buddy did not
always have a beard yeah oh that's me
the Dallas Cowboys guys that's the Kim
it hurt any less truth I think I might
start that JUnit sweater bro where who's
head of my way who you were back in the
day we're a good road that's enough said
it was not always mr. Tsui Dustin was a
thug back in the day I met him when you
was a news doing some crazy stuff a game
I mean there's a reason he knows how to
make what are those called those bombs
literally before DIY science experiments
existed thus it was making bombs okay
what are the chlorine bombs and he
taught you to do that I should do that
you see actually when if your Z doesn't
do it on his channel here we go
I come back up though who is the bat now
guys look at me I had sway from the
beginning Brock had swag he's taking all
the freaking real estate know what I
mean this before you address he had no
dread this is this looks like baby was
from giant Tigers ripoff baby this is
before
babe was popular as before Soulja Boy
was it o-o check out that Canadian money
though
I think Dustin comes into your hard guys
gotta make that is this yummy house they
just wipes wet with the bill and threw
it away
okay I'm gonna skip I'm gonna step ahead
to two minutes and 40 seconds cuz that's
where Dustin comes in again how do you
know did you plant this no I just saw
you on the screen with the other gay
thing and you're still not on the screen
though I had a job man how to recycle
money alright literally before the video
he told doesn't really oh you only are
here to pick it on we got like 65 bucks
there we need to keep passing literally
I was not always taught Dustin still
shout through back left I am gang swings
brother shot before traffic came
naturally literally guys we invented
this right Gail Barlow your throw it up
to the links and you threw up the arrow
I knew how to transition alright a
translation put the money building over
this guy's brother we get here we go
why are we off to run up the ass well
that's well we're all fighting for the
hammer time you bad not organized all we
picked up the webcam where my hair was
knotted and i'm feed back then
ha ha futuretelling and we're assuming
this village or we need to go final time
what are you smoking in the video
you're smoking in the video look at this
look at that do we
there was this one take we just did
anyone take one take one Dustin's Guney
in the background because there is no
kites go Ian cut back absolutely
how big are my jeans at 410 jeans of
life alright so what do you think about
that that was the first video before any
of my 6 channels that was the first
because I thought it was gonna be but it
was still very cringe no we had a lot of
tags
yeah there will be a lot of cringe in
the tags but if you guys want to see
more stuff like that smash the thumbs up
button there's like I did a lot of
videos where we have a lot of those
David old videos that like our private
Bongo has like a few channels that
low-key if you want to see this flash
like button and uh I hope you guys
enjoyed that I'm gonna end off today's
vlog because tomorrow
New York vlog is gonna be insane that is
when he actually slow go back to New
York overnight going back to New York
and we're flying back to Ottawa yeah
yeah Ryan's gonna be in that blog but
guys subscribe to my man Dustin
youtube.com slash more Dustin link at
the top of the description we do a lot
of stuff like that on his channel as
well so do not miss out okay v emerge
Wolfie raps calm use 10 off wolf potent
off wolf to go get 10% off merch is
selling like ridiculous no isn't a god
Church no no not even a god Church its
selling like a Moses Church Moses Church
then I will see you guys soon our move
where we stay a little bit more servers
when I meet you and I was always tastes
average like a piece
