hey yo what's good to wear wolfy welcome
back tomorrow wolfy today we are doing
another reaction video the diss tracks
keep coming literally chaos I just
dropped another one but we got a special
guest on today's show you guys don't
really know me checked off my cake shop
right and we also got LSK Audrina
you wanna introduce yourself this recom
draftkings yeah merchant stuff it's
legal okay calm everything guys we have
to get all the light skins together you
know ksi yeah okay you don't wrote a
shock yeah I know Joe Weller okay okay
so apparently this this town loves chaos
I'm coming back at two people two birds
with one stone
oh yeah he's coming at Joe Andy's coming
everybody shot
okay so what's key is that you're
excited for another reaction
let's hit 40,000 likes for absolutely no
reason just cuz we like likes let's get
into the video I'll try not to pause a
billion times but here we go
sitting at the top you would triple six
new cities you a triple sit like I'm
trying to decipher the lyrics like is he
doing like six zeros and all about
triple triple six devil that's the devil
isn't that little blue devil with the
flow so it comes with the next line okay
deep house is a copy yes yes so is this
a girl like you're musically he
literally made a song about scat right I
mean it was like it was it was yeah it
was kind of like I feel like Joe makes
music like that's it's good production
but at the same time it's just kind of
like a joke yeah yeah for sure
and he makes music that he low-key
listens to like I feel like Joe is just
like I'm like tectonic shift yeah
different than everyone YouTube but sure
he came at the track
most of his last Batman he's like pop I
wanna pop with the elegant I'm assuming
he's calling himself elegant and he's
calling Joe Weller Popeye because like
germs I don't care whose you can a guy
who's not from the UK what it needs a
spinach yeah okay what do you think of
this song so far I think it's pretty
yeah
the versus the fridge was nice yeah I
like it it's time you that you look
hilarious is like yeah yeah - but yeah
what's down like you don't like you the
home - business or Z in that
I bet you know it's real is it is it
more like slang that I don't know but I
think might be like both is that the
horse tranquilizer shit I think that's
what ketamine shit is yeah I broke it
you could we get this weird ketamine yes
ketamine livestock
I feel like it's gonna Jay King now it's
gonna be a pop pop thing yeah of course
of course I feel like it's it ejecting
well it's true yeah okay already
contributed so huh all right well why
would you want and don't run don't you
Duke it on all right
I don't do cat I don't do drugs
okay physical abuse okay I love you
super nice guy but I mean bro
we just don't speak the same language so
we have to personally Winter said you're
doing cat like I would have found a way
to fit ketamine and here we go
whoa whoa whoa hold on I think he said
some lines that we owe to leader okay so
that and I can actually confirm that
he's never never done that he's never
done that
how can you confirm that I offered it to
him last week of the YouTube parties
it's not I can confirm from meeting
seems like a nice guy I mean he is a
nice guy I met him he's a dope dude and
Pilon why did you say you hated him
that's so selfish enough oncam the kid -
why why were you sliding you said your
team je crois I did hey I am a Jake Jake
wall are these banks pick one right now
5/4 what are you serious my paint on the
whole phase banks Jake boss situation I
don't really want to discuss the repeat
it for the fans they had already heard
it I said are we talking about that are
two birds in one stone I guess finally
we can talk about two subjects okay
here's the situation but the facts wait
everything yeah so I'm just gonna drink
this water here okay so you're telling
me after all the facts of how you're
still yeah you're did you just mention a
few texted mean guys I have the proof he
texted me I hope this video I hope I
don't get to kiss I did Sanjay pauses I
hope you enjoyed the video if you did
remember to smash that like button let's
say thirty five thousand likes on this
video
forty thousand likes on this video and
we will roast Kaos I go subscribe to my
boy its lead comm link in the
description what can they look forward
to on your channel you know I I don't
really like to react I like to poop you
guys could just you know yeah you know
you across the by eight-year-olds
subscribe to my dude rights wheezes
probably I love you guys comment down
comment down below new words one vid and
I will see you guys soon I'm going over
we stay a little bit more savage mm-hm
and as always thanks Alex like oh please
