bro it looks so next level yeah good
morning AO wolfy welcome back to more
wolfy today is a special day only
because something that pretty much only
happens I think once every eight years
or maybe once in a lifetime is happening
today it is called the solar eclipse is
it when the moon goes over the Sun where
the Sun goes over the moon the moon goes
over the Sun okay so it's when the Sun
goes moon goes over the Sun if you look
at it apparently you go blind so I'm
really sketched but I obviously want to
look at it because when people tell me
that not to do something I want to do it
that much more because I don't follow
the trends okay I'm a hipster like that
smash the like button if you're excited
for another vlog and because today I'm
gonna be pranking my mom with the solar
eclipse she specifically told me last
night and this morning
don't take your dogs on a walk don't go
outside with Sylvia cuz you might
accidentally look up stay inside all day
so I'm gonna call her or I might even go
to her house have Sylvia call or
something but I want to convince her
that I looked at the Sun and now I feel
like I'm blind cuz she is gonna show her
pants so let's get the day started I
hope you guys are having a great day
let's get guys I'm stressed I do not
have the glasses I've resorted to
looking at some Eclipse stuff on Twitter
this is what I'm seeing right now I do
not know what's popping but we gotta go
get these glasses because I have to see
this comment down below are you guys
team glasses or team no glasses cuz I'm
sure there's a lot of you guys have your
savages which I do not recommend okay
never do this but there's probably
people at home watching it like this
thinking they're not gonna get blinded
like they're probably gonna be overt
about ten seconds well I don't really
know like apparently you can like break
your camera to look how bright it is so
I'm not gonna look over its matte bright
outside this is what is going on right
now some stuff okay I'm kind of shook to
look at it roll it looks a little next
level yeah jazz we gotta go glasses yo
shout-out to this fly that's great 2017
guys
he's nice I think our house is infested
with bugs guys what's let's go on in
here what is going well this guy's doing
some nice leg movement right here this
is ooked the orcs coming there had the
fall of the landing started engaged
that's was the king there was Jon Snow
dead you know and Jon comes out of the
water yeah bruh the eyes on the on the
sword go drag the blue dragon eyes the
eyes yeah really yeah yeah right as soon
as he cut be right as he's coming I
barely see it you literally barely open
are they close but it like happens so
fast you can barely see anything they're
saying maybe maybe Ben can like see
through the sword and I there was blue
did you see the blue eyes dragon and
they actually fell in love where I
forget them so season
like button if you're not wearing socks
first look at bongos fan art done by no
no no it's bent up I know we need to put
this under life that's who did it
Cady's shoutout to k-e days for the fan
art for Bongo yeah that's loud
where the hell's mine do the pose dude
he's in that days alright guys time to
call Sylvia and then my mom see if we
can prank one of them actor wilfy I tell
them I looked at the Sun too long and
play it off like it's not like
detrimental but I'm kind of worried
come on Sylvia
alright guys so Silvia curved me thank
you for answering my calls Silvia I
really appreciate it I'm breaking up
with you broke up with girlfriend after
she didn't answer me now to call my mom
yo hello what what do I do
I looked at the Sun for a little bit
without glasses when this Eclipse
happening my eyes are hurting now what
do you mean literally I just looked at
it for a second
like my left eye is like burning a bit
what do you mean I literally looked at
it with sunglasses for like a second
look I'm googling stuff and it's like it
says that blindness doesn't kick in for
like the first 12 hours or something
like what do i do should I go to the
doctor or something what do you mean no
there's it hurts a lot on the left one
apparently it's like uncurable if i if i
cool blind for looking at it for like
two seconds that's yeah a bit like mad
people online are saying like if you're
if your eye starts to hurt then you
could go blind are you googling it yes
okay what what what hurry up hurry up
cuz my actually hurts a lot I looked at
it for like probably like five seconds
okay what you're you got pranked and
then look at the Sun are you much
googling you got I did not think you
were gonna forever as soon as you you
started talking I knew that I could just
get you just keep digging cuz you were
on one and you told me not to look at it
you're googling shit did you go did you
look at it today I don't know all right
yeah I'm gonna call Silvia breaker right
guys my mom is so freaking gullible to
dick Ulis like yes successful prank
we're working on guys after the pizza
prank we need to do something like that
Silvia let's call you one more time if
you curb me then we're actually gonna
actually get a breakup but I'm surprised
how well that when I really couldn't dig
anymore probably good but you all know
mommy got pranked on blind euro of Euro
guys Sean came to Henry's to buy a
camera and I ended up buying a new
vlogging camera so expect an increase in
my vlogs in the next couple of weeks but
if you're fit oh he's doing business but
if you want to save some money and you
want to be cost-efficient you can always
do DIY turn your iPhone into a DSLR
camera Ryan's Lee this one's for you and
all my eco-friendly people out there
hear what Bongo made a really good point
it doesn't fit the seven-plus so this is
old so I received some merch I went to
the peel box by the way guys and haven't
been there in a while pretty much I
think it's officially closed so don't
bother sending anyone to that I'm going
to open up a new one in a different
location closer to my house but for now
this is the last huge box with wrapping
paper I hope you didn't send this during
Christmas but I'm getting to it now and
this one is from old Suzuki that is the
hardest name ever seen in my life
sounds like popcorn sounds like a
popcorn - okay
let's not make let's clean these popcorn
things up oh no it's definitely not this
is not a Stretch Armstrong okay here we
go oh my god there's so much stuff in
here we got a picture of you and I don't
know which ones you I mean no these are
you but shut it - you guys low-key if
this is you you look like they're meryl
twins we have a letter we have another
letter is there you played yourself oh
this one's - Sylvia one - Ryan you know
oh right okay everyone
Sean deejay Dustin but I get a two pages
shout-out to you every time we see I
will use something you created we get
cheese we're a fantasy novel we'll be
original voice is this a roast and it's
a compliment me PS under all of these
packing peanuts there is a surprise okay
what what's the surprise I think it says
suey
does it come stress or you played
yourself does it you know you played
yourself
shut up Maria and shout-out Bailey for
this we love you and we love you too and
there's a picture here it says elbow
fridge here we go first one on the new
album fridge sorry girls from the old
album fridge you didn't get to stay I
don't I feel like it's still there so if
you live there shout out to you got the
old girls but the first people on this
one are Maria and Bailey shout-out to
you guys thank you so much moving on to
day two of the vlog guys I have never
been so excited in my life because
Justin Bieber's merch just came in the
tour short these took so long honestly
longer than my merges apparently taken
to come in sign in guys don't don't
worry my merch is gonna be at your
doorstep very very soon I promise wolf
em but check this out we got the tour
shorts in black and yellow Justin you
are probably one of the only celebrities
that I would spend $100 on shorts okay
short for ridiculous but they I gotta
admit they're super swaggy with the
yellow and black human races like it's a
fab so I'm ace about that now
I'm gonna go do some important adult
stuff apparently my parents say there's
like some dope house to go by so I'm
gonna go check out some housing but I'll
bring you guys along for the ride
because this is the mini city that I'm
thinking about getting a house in my
house is gonna be around this general
area this this general area right here
probably around this general area so if
you guys want to know where it is it's
about this general area so come to my
house anytime you want it's probably
around this general area but look at how
cool this is like yeah this is like
houses all the way along this side right
here and then like cool like apartment
buildings here there's like probably
gonna be a mall and everything in the
middle a river miniature cars existing
residential we got Chloe Street this is
this is crazy this is crazy guys your
boy might be an owner of a house soon
what day hey guys they even have an iPad
in the little model home and it works
are you kidding me
is it watching a wookie video like how
do you log in let's do all the girls I'm
stressed and look at this because it's
not actually outside they have to like
add a barbecue and fake the view with
grass and everything in the sky so like
this is what I should be picturing me
outside this is insane just a little
place not bad well the windows are nice
they're huge chandeliers nice bedroom
simple with all luxurious view guys I
love this view I really do love you so
much and my girl and guy model right
there and beside the bed it can't fall
asleep without them clothing weight
clothing this is what its gonna look
like when I move in I might not even
live here I might even just rent this
out
home by looking in nice absolutely has a
shell thing this is levy in order for me
to buy the most guys have to test the
bed even though I probably have a
different bed in my house not comfy
enough I can't buy it sorry
hey Sylvie I'm moving out this is all
they even left us apples here because
they said an apple a day keeps the
doctor away
so no I know here you go
I know he's away from you take the bite
take a bite take the bite take them take
the bite take the fight you're pissing
me off it's not real Sophia did you hear
my mom fell for the prank look at the
Eclipse
dad would you say I call him myself
you use my same prank yeah yeah nice I
told them that you deciding that what
did she say and what'd you say I said
well number one I would say I told you
not to do it
an ophthalmologist all right well good
thing I didn't look at the Sun guys
automatic blinds no automatic karate
toss so guys tomorrow's gonna be a big
day for me because basically me and Ryan
are going to New York okay
he has not been honest like this guy
said he got hammered
stop basically we're going to New York
for some football event now obviously
I'm under the assumption I don't even
watch that much football but I just know
that Odell Beckham is like a God among
gods and he plays for New York so I'm
just assuming that he's gonna be there
but we're not B's enough to give him in
a depression yet so this man's looking
at obj pictures this first trap
Ryan seen this Zoo you're pissing me off
but the problem is Ryan you want to be
obj but whoa holy garlic double size
you literally worked out just for me you
saw but he's good you're like go tell
the big guys so guys everyone tweet at
O'Dell right now ok cuz we're probably
gonna be at the event probably by the
time this vlog is out right now so tweet
at him it's Bama C Wolfie is right there
and Wolfie wants to say without but he's
too shy I'm not even though I'm not sure
I'm gonna say whatever if I see but just
let him know that the whole fam is
strong because I want it I want to meet
with that and I want to take a pic with
O'Donnell we're big fans no just me
comment on all the girls speaks you all
for Ryan but I get Odell okay guys so go
off family billion times please don't
block me or del if you see this I want
to be you bro me we're both like I mean
you know even light-skinned redbone
looking at did he go now let us you know
that okay
that's good loves football bro I have no
idea
I don't care all I know is you and you
know your football is gonna go up and
say oh I'm Wolfie nigga go get Jesus
your funky bones that wolf am I have an
issue with falling asleep on you guys
and then literally not ending the vlogs
on any the blog off right now just woke
up feeling good going to New York today
it's gonna be lit smash the like button
if you're excited for that let's hit 35
thousand likes on this blog because we
are the like God
comment down below New York New York
because New York isn't nittany Erica
something like that and I will see you
guys soon on rule 4 where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage by the
merch cat off wolf link in the
description selling like
the
