hey Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie
guys another day or drama equals diss
track though we're doing another
reaction with this track rotor straw
dropped another one on cat's eyes master
like what if you guys are going to join
us I'm with the whole team today you got
injured boy more dust in times de Jing
hope he is leaving elbow I'm leaving
elbow if you don't crash it like 100,000
I'm cutting and bonk oh yeah I really
don't really need to explain anything
you guys are pretty much been watching
all my reaction videos you seem to be a
little more entertained with those an
actual vlog so it is what it is the song
is called ksi exposed have you guys seen
pretty much everything leading up to
this yes much yet okay so I'm not going
to explain anything we're jumping right
into it
I love old school you know I feel like
it's almost like a noble thing I love
the job and you have to like the track
this is a male trick okay if I say okay
if a giant and I get is that's true
tennis no oh hey I can't click the plus
button yeah I got it I wait no time you
screw the property that was yard with
Reggie you know this guy like hard
anyway this background Armand was
individually you know I want to pause
every two seconds what can take in this
guy paid to get custom ksi G okay my
dance
Deji pillows bro yo cuz you know that
takes a little bit of time so he had to
be on that right away like the second
hit the other track drop your head or or
to go for a nice toy man or at all
that's the lick electrodes but I mean
since I went back to the Seidman house
da la
there anything you know we're not going
to do it well if you like wolfies not
gonna go to LA unless you slap the light
by hundred thousand like email with this
check jumping on yet ever I already have
the custom sheets of rain freezing see
yeah I got that Versace ding laughter
what did you delay yeah I did my great
comes ready George
once again okay what do I need to know
this is true or is this not true what is
I get you stuff go about there is it or
just all assignment all the smashing a
theme girls that what is this monster
Sandra honey who is my son with the
theory that feeling is going on with
Simon I guess there are not ten women in
England or what's going on right here
English people on notice or way more
savage they just a some next level you
know what I mean like also jarring on
his brother it's been fed play you lash
line I like the video title right yeah I
share with my brothers and I didn't
watch it but everyone wonders when
they're like you job when I was hoping
they're like take what I do know what I
was young with my brother yeah I don't
know but I feel like there's a recent
inquiry because I might use that for
like this track another predator your
brother
Judith and these ox I know rice Gump is
getting boosted by Simon don't risk of
getting mad welcome Sharon Beck's I love
you right
I knew that one okay after book after
book for a month dude that was rough be
talking about can i triple beam what's
going on in case i'm track I think you
were saying that Harry did Harry this
blue yeah are you guys exposed we both
know you did blow your copper to the cat
now I'm a just mo for the other guys I'm
kind of weird cheater
oh here you go
what a dream oh he's exposing it ksi
tracks
no no lutein is not suitable for use up
and hey blowing hi doggies is what this
doctor we would call a Kate hi more kids
eyes judging Oh bringing extra
resistance thank always cries don't
anybody else have goosebumps I just feel
bad that was all divided by one devasena
I don't know just kind of like you
showed your boy something in secrecy
notice we don't show it he pulled it out
and like just ah let's go throw up
Wow what was the beat no no no glasses
oh wait man okay we look at actual it
reactions are video drop like an hour
ago in this already very action came
what are you guys think about that
better words in the first one I'm gonna
say honestly words yeah a letter so more
keywords and he still had some Syria
dips on it I hope they're very hard on
both yeah I know talking on much reason
was shit you come in really hard I'll
give you that really sharpening
borrowers fire and like ever be have an
action and you like a changeup yeah yeah
yeah problem it out so there's that one
and I promise you guys I would react too
many winters one have a wall so I've
heard this weird lately look at the
other guy I watched Victor now watch
Victor's but I have to watch many
mystery because I promise the wolf am 12
million view he was not saying is
thought bear people saying that his was
the best of all of everyone everybody
all right really
so I'm excited here we go so I'm going
to try not to pause this one too much
let's just taking the lines and ones are
everything that's funny yeah England if
I say
Hey - no no daddy bro I like to beat on
the little girl B I asked let me see ya
I don't mean with a goat I'm seconds
away of seconds and we mentioned
somebody a hug girl to go you find out
the total to a lesser jihad
this is UK proto-earth promised to
another
your best friend is probably enough okay
then you shower with your brother food
IJ is another one that about 30 about
October he's actually the one where you
sold out changes it was assignment it
treated in a drugged up with the time to
cool side get us up with a more relevant
bro specific additional fried chaos
deposits Simon gear yes why did I show
you anything as you get bullied right
beside you like I haven't undergo beefs
with it under labor to be ahead like
probably all that dilemma row I'll give
him legit I'll give Simon this my kids
like the same thing right come out way
back value and I would bump it in the
Oxford if I did told was going around
everyone else is going to have to diss
track but I'm money in and I would never
bump it on the on a legit this may be a
little download after this video
it's not pretty just go catch it coming
up me and the rest pathetic
I did chuckles oh I just Anarkali your
business Oh when it said rope Evelyn do
you know what I meant okay
see she's a little bitch till the big
weird martini Jesus let a weakness bitch
I'm a genius in doing the coaching is
how that works with a little bit job
Meow's younger twin at the rouse this is
mean road yeah yeah pulled out all you
need for like good time hey chief um can
you put this on from the reaction Bobby
Drake lend an omental mint but that's
your girl tour or whatever it is that
your visit is your dances I would grow
to her girl to her under low clouds
layers I think I might have been my
favorite ones over time school guys
thanks coach chandi siren loud army
other than some a red comb track that's
probably one of my favorite this show
that's a yeah he robbed the dock uses
goucher's
I like everything this better - yeah and
then gone Church and then this one yes
the IAR for that Simon bro I'm in shock
that was really good I don't know if you
were rapper in your path later
Charlotte's assignment that is it for
the diss track until the next one comes
out because from Charlie yeah they're
probably gonna do 100 cell I do not know
I guess you guys want I don't I just
talk on me 100,000 likes and they will
come up with it I will write it into
bars also if you want to see more
reactions in crazy videos they'll
probably doing it on their channel as
well just because the drama is modern it
subscribe to all their channels it's
your boy ed link in the description or
gustan right there each other's a J
right there so I'll go be sure and I
learned all that go cop it peace
