that 100% is not gonna work oh wow it's
dirty
stop sir good morning a yo with the Jew
boy Wolfie welcome back tomorrow feet
another lovely day in Ottawa another
lovely it's actually not raining today
so that's that's a plus guys we're we're
getting there
Alain is approaching though Loki we're
probably going to go on another lhr very
very soon smash the like button if you
guys are excited for another vlog you
guys know how this works five seconds I
will give you yep
today got smash it with your lip okay do
not into this like button okay five four
three two one
hope you / like button I hope everybody
watching this vlog having a blast update
hope everyone staying savage Ryan sways
and David are back there if you can see
them but this guy's editing is vlog
lunch other kind of film videos on next
stop anything about kind of time and I'm
checking some beginning you're going so
what it is anyway today we got a few
things to do first order of business
we're back with the pups we got to go
get that dumb food let's get it so guys
this is princess saber food this is a
bigger portion of the Sailor food
there's a bigger portion this is a
bigger portion and then this is the
jumbo pack this is bigger than Prince
himself and Prince I know you love this
so we got you so he came in the gap
because Ryan has to go shopping he was
going to some wedding so he's got I
think he's getting like dress pants and
stuff see pretty much this is like a
just man okay I would never buy a Jap
purse but guys I'm H because three brand
Wolfie is H good model Hopi when I went
to my photo shoot in LA this and this is
like my n this to the Holy Roman where
the girl like only shop to get like you
can to got me designer off off light
it's optician my brothers up there shout
out to my brother Roy rain around the
wall what a G so guys were searching for
cookies for Ryan's video yeah he's doing
a taste test and he says nobody knows
shout-out to all my people that rock
with their number one cookies no do you
know what arrowroot is you know
arrowroot cookies like the baby cookies
you just took the quiz you know what
these are
arrowroot cookies like I mean it's like
he's alive
we know they are refining moving on
Romanovs I hate vodka vodka John I tell
them no one is ready if those little
baby cookies were like me on orders
austerities mr. Christie John stress
kill you know the Fig Newton is that's a
real fig Mother's Day to love Fig Newton
yeah yeah beautiful pigment so long you
like something we can't get there's no
one else like them
we're literally just trying to figure
out which of the most popular cookie so
Ryan can do is taste test I might do the
week which obviously Oreo wins chips are
very classic and then maybe ginger snaps
so I throw them off like a little better
what just like that now that's all
that's all that's all so digestive
cookies
what about we're yeah only rich we
looking at for those yeah you and you're
on your specialties as a kid don't know
that my mom low-key like so scary when
receive those are like you eat those in
a can a doctor's waiting room with those
RPG I've been a glass of wine I'm
stressed what is that Bongo you let me
down today
I love anybody who these cookies
arrowroot you're the real MVP best
cookies in the Lisa hey come see a treat
to the bigger than you three prints oh
look at the size of prints compared to
the street Chris you're smaller than
your trees I know what you do this every
time - bowling - bowling good boy a
little fee okay
stop stand up - after treatment Prince
Tamir guys look at Prince next to the
street I'm so small you're literally
smaller than beg your flaw on the bag
you're so hungry
you haven't a chicken so long let's eat
let's eat whoopee every time you come
home to go to this place
I know it's Ryan chill chill trying I
know you could catch us with a bully
how do I get two dogs on me okay yeah
guys if you ever wonder why I have your
badges on my face like here and like
anywhere else for more the pimple
oh whoa Kofi hate you goodbye
guys I need you to comment down below I
need all my sneaker heads to tell me if
David shoes are real he told me you HOT
look at this
they're supposed to be turtle dogs but
they have ultra boost insoles in them so
I don't know he said they came with them
yeah he said he came with them so
usually bust up if your wolf sandwich
you're watching this video I'll give you
a good look at this shoe because if not
I'm going to expose I mean it should be
real but look at the front all the
sneaker heads are getting 8 right now
and to the side look at the back oh yeah
yeah yeah go to the hospital gotas over
6 week and the bottom of the shoe dottie
million painted with what I paint at the
bottom this is what they look like real
or fake comment down below when I get
the billion dollars these are real so we
are on route to the grocery store and
the reason we're going there is
basically I haven't done no experiments
in a while it's so nice outside and I
want to be outside today so I thought
why not make some stuff explode because
what else is going to do on the great
day outside David you should have came
with me and played yourself David wanted
to come you wanted to try the whip I was
like not David you drive your cars like
yeah I ain't Drive you I was like I
blast I'm going so we I mean I just just
myself is on road to the store right now
to go pick up so stuff to explode
because today is going to be less saying
they knew your boy was coming through
they put the watermelons outside of the
grocery store what the heck we got to
find a nice one too absolutely
demolished and this one looks good now
the recipe to exploding things is pretty
damn simple all you need is Mentos and
Diet Coke where do you find that in the
friggin grocery store a coaster I don't
know I'm H at this section
Pepsi though that's not what I need I
need the coca-cola
guys I'm like not getting grocery stores
I'm not going to be honest and I have no
help right now because David you didn't
come oh there you go
get and yes Ryan bro how much you pay
either for this one bro yeah everybody
not out of your own exclusive look in
the right ways log he pays an editor
time yeah actually I left early we're
now come on you got a dead oh he's too
good he's too good right quit you to
write it I guess I Ryan's inside I'm
gonna pull a prank on him being on this
juice cleanse together and we are not
supposed to eat anything except the
juices I'm gonna get the camera to David
you get them to record me and see what
Ryan says and I put a sausage in my
mouth here is not you know that blue t
understand SG of color here I just come
here come look come on come in here ill
that's gross are you I swear on my life
here look daddy that's my dress casually
it was a vine move Road baby frog me
begin us a lot yeah green 101 oh yeah
yeah can you tell them what the Mac and
it tastes like rah rah rah ha organic an
apple celery cucumber Gil hahaha okay
we're losing our roll a lot this box
until then shake on in the pool take
these whoa
David Rami there's a Terp I'm eight okay
now you can explode these watermelons
and tease the only problem is I don't
know if this is an issue picked up Diet
Coke from the store and they did not
have any Mentos so I picked up best
scotch mints that one husband is about
no work no no well watch me why you
unboxing them so quick runs diet so how
can you have given interview now no we
can't read at all look at it sugar yeah
job yeah I don't swallow it yeah I'm
chewing through the whole you're The
Scotsman there we go guys test I'm
joking I actually got Mentos I just
drove here get a limited yet it was a
little outside and you don't usually
have a muffin so we got the two
watermelons outside the first step
obviously if you want to make them
explode first of all we got the pool in
that especially yeah leave and they get
a pool first step is my full feet cut
off the top of the watermelon you want
to have the bottom one sitting flat so
this one sits flat decision to flat no
that one rolls so this is technically
the bottom we're going to give it a
quick little one to feel like a Jamaican
mind cutting coconuts here nice little
haircut right there looks like Ryan so
easy to chop that off and do the same
with the other one
like so one two three whoa that was a
clean cut now we need to cut this out so
there's going to be a lot of watermelon
here we're going to eat it all I mean I
can't eat it I'm on a diet you can eat
watermelon are you done fruit bro it's
natural where they eat the water look
we're not going to David's David can eat
it David's going to eat it and got it
out so this is what it looks like to cut
out a friggin watermelon okay we got to
cut it out I open some of the diet cokes
I should probably close those because we
need more carbonation more carbonation
equals bigger explosion now we are
unboxing or unwrapping some of the
mental is going to dump all of the
Mentos we'll half of them in this one
half of them in this one and see if we
can get an explosion going right now so
load it up Jay there's bear mosquito so
we're kind of in a rush alright so here
we go guys this is now filled with the
Mentos but just because I bought
scotchman's we're not going to put them
to waste a money have an extra explosion
half in there half in there always
recycle on my channel now we're going to
put these two coats to the side because
they have are spent open we want maximum
carbonation here we go smash the like
button in this shit explode we'll take
it into the field here we go in the
middle of the field guys I'm very
nervous for this please something happen
we are going to put a full diet coke
without further ado this is the diet
coke mentos exploding watermelon
experiment we need comfort watermelon
way holding the carbonation ahh
does it sit yeah we're good alright 3 2
1 go come on come on come on come on
come on this is nudie Chloe close it
close it shake it you're that creaking
you're like an explosion
y'all you're this isn't a guy this is
insane it's going literally to the sky
what the hell next one next one nice one
that was complete fair I don't know what
happened guys it must have been
I think the Scotchman took away from the
explosion of geez of the Mentos so go
clean that up now attempt number two is
good so we're starting to think the
reason that one didn't work is because
we only had one Diet Coke so we have
three bottles this one freshly opened
with the fist we're going to pour all
three at once and see if it makes any
difference let's get it 3 2 1 go oh my
god
I see idiot I was killed this means old
guys so now you know that this
experiment doesn't work even if you put
the lid on it I mean it's a complete
film but we can always edit a massive
explosion going out for like whoa
oh it goes to the cloud it's going to
space okay it came back so that's a flop
do not try this I think the wetness of
the watermelons mixing with the Mentos
already ruined the reaction that it
would have a divine coke so learn from
my mistakes
let's keep this up cool trick shot no
but I have to get it inside the pool not
outside you play what are you gonna do
you chooses what do each of us get one
shot each of us get one shot I have a
ball team okay but I'm not getting it
out no this is not my side who has the
best shot so you go first no you go
first
you you mister I'm gonna go discord a
fairly quick question what sizes you
wanted my merch that's dropping again
EXO exhale okay yeah it's your boy we'll
see I doubt my own say Wolfie I'm sorry
I'm not here you go here's mine is just
going to be an easy easy
why are you copying me oh that was dirty
that was their net was it dirty bar yeah
he was light with it oh that's oh that's
oh yeah yeah oh do I had way more jail
time after I was gonna do that missing
how about you do so if i hook it up you
can girl bouncing if i hook it up in
advance in Auto link okay bloody hot
girl oh oh we're gonna Vina oh that's so
no Rachel the other dance video testify
sorry okay yeah let me do one more chick
shot one no this one here it's called
the log slammer amber Cammack ding-dong
blue
Oh attempt you samurai Amity no oh oh oh
what is your name our new member of PSG
oz oh yeah your old bro
you literally haven't gotten one ah
Prince and Wolfie Prince Wolfie can you
guys listen up for a second we have a
serious discussion to go over right now
I don't know if we can be friends
anymore I don't know if I can have you
guys okay
whoopee he starts chewing for one second
I don't know why you're chewing okay
stand up boy boy wait serious discussion
Prince sit well if we sit good boy okay
I don't know if we can right whooping I
don't think we can be friends anymore
you guys want to know why Prince are you
listening you're listening at least okay
you're look at me I don't think we can
be friends because Shaun got a cat now
so we can't be friends guys literally
you guys heard the last clip in the
vlogs
you heard Shaun say guys is surprised
here okay you don't know what the
surprise is actually you got to hear
what Shawn said crisply the clip of just
Shaun saying the surprise here it's at
the end of the last clip put subtitles
over it guys surprises you really Shawn
surprised the house with a frigging cat
okay I was a cat guy growing up love
cats then I think I was allergic to cats
my whole life but just because I was
living with them all the time like I
dealt with the allergies and then I got
these dogs and I said I never would get
dogs in my whole life and now I ended up
with two tiny dogs
your boy wanted big dogs I don't know
how I got them hey so Leah so you did it
and now I'm not even like not even a cat
person anymore
I don't really like cats I mean they're
kind of cute but only like really like
kittens and like savannah cats like the
luxury cats like those are the dope ones
even my old cats Cleo and Lionel show so
you guys obviously love you guys so much
but God takes the cake okay guys are you
a cat guy are you a dog guy and now once
Sean has his cat in the house I come
back to a to a house full of little
which are pretty much a small the cat
but they actually listen right boys
right
yeah can you sit sit if you listen sit
yeah yeah sure so now I don't you know
what I like anymore after cats dogs I
might just get I might not get a parrot
shut up maverick I don't know what I
want anymore
but you guys got a cat okay I'm moving
to LA not taking you guys with me I'm
gonna give you to Ryan because he loves
you you can go and shake it up coming so
you might come mentally to might be
crazy I have a lot to update you guys
but one thing I definitely have an
update you use what guys on this vlog
let's go I have a new wolfy wraps merch
it's selling like crazy the hoodies
seems to be everyone's favorite so hurry
up and get it before they're sold out
Wolfie raps calm but that's it for today
I have to wake up early again tomorrow I
love you guys so much smash like button
if you haven't already let's hit 35,000
like comment down below Casa dogs team
caps team dogs who is more powerful in
the comments let's see and I'll see you
guys soon a little to what we say just a
little bit more savage that might make
check up I'm gonna break my camera and
as always a savage Lego
