7:4 time and that would be seems like I
just honestly chewed up graphing hey bro
I'm gonna cry
good morning annulus is where we'll be
welcome back to more we'll see if you
guys concerning tell weird that we home
it's lit over here and if we're home you
know that means bring Wolsey come in
please come in show the blood you
haven't seen the vlog is two weeks it's
been two weeks good boys good boys
fizzy god Luke are you so cute I love
you I love you
we're back with the dog so smash the
like button I'll give you guys five
seconds smashing with your nose today
because I got a massive pimple on my
nose and there's no head so I can't even
pop it I'm kind of old
five four three two boom I hope you guys
smashed it I have a little bit of
explaining to you to you guys because
the past couple days have been a little
stressful a little hectic for me
I've been still banging out videos every
day so don't worry about that but
because they were so stressful in LA I
was unable to follow through on two
promises one of the promises being I
didn't explore that plan to tunnel in
our Airbnb it was creepy as hell I
didn't get a chance to go in it because
I didn't have time not because I was
scared and - I think not get to prank
somebody by putting them while they're
asleep on the pool bed now I'm kind of
stress about that but do not have any
fear that just means I'll have to go
back to LA in the next couple of weeks
okay
in tint so we're getting the day started
before we get the day started
I have a little bit of extra footage
left from LA that I didn't get to really
throw in the vlogs but I know you guys
really mess with the LA vlogs there and
getting barrages they're like so here's
a little bit of footage from the LA trip
and random order enjoy we caught these
guys red-handed trying to sneak into our
backyard guys look at them I scouted
them on the street and now they're is
very cooling down the stree discord mod
what is she doing
no no he's not serious the mom's gonna
dust this guy yeah look how many babies
on the roof oh my god Ellie people don't
know that there's AI Canadian yeah yeah
yeah and the crook where you're trying
to get your wife to get that align
overcomed wait till the mom comes I told
you six raccoons are showing up and
they're on our way there trying to get
nopales
you guys can't get in our pool eyes okay
cut kale where's the mom now the moms do
Plato yeah yeah the mom wait to hear
hissing and this white guy oh the Martha
mom he is not just come on he's Marty's
what you're the mom over here I'm amazed
your way to the update you guys on the
mom comes guys what are they doing now
oh my god I starting to make noise one
just well I think they're be seen every
could be big also as you guys can tell
we don't have too much blog footage
today so I'm going to keep an eye on
these raccoons as long as possible and
finally the woman in the man cut not a
month no mom's coming out I guarantee it
was wait t-minus two minutes literally
not even 35 except these guys are my
cute here comes the mom or she's leading
a passionate looking at us oh she's
beefing look how she's standing no she's
trying to divert she's a watches oz it
yeah right
oh yeah guys worry about that you guys
saw my double chin pretty close up what
I meant to say is there could be one
there and they jump on a racoon call
right Bryce scare them off look here
watch watch that last rock who's gonna
come when I yell oh that was just like
looking at me
you put another mating call yeah is
there a kid come here I love the lips
just kind of run away doubt their mom's
English you know right oh she's be
patient beeping watch this Yoji number
one I could call my world a little bit
out of this dad there's only two words
but okay
are you kidding all over you 95 song
with all of mod meters out of my head
you want to buy it yeah cause I hide it
well sorry you don't want it that good
alright we'll just leave it at all right
but yeah it's big all eyes in your head
my head in your hands without lying if
we know you're not buying it for you
guys Ryan trying to say he's buying
alcohol bro I don't want you outside
online I don't thinking with those
sometimes protective or taking vines
which are you I don't want it I don't
want it my night we're leaving LA in two
days where I don't need any more alcohol
so chill keep it hey I got you a ticket
to take you to Ryan's favorite
basketball players here and he's really
hit you can low you know who is dunno if
you watches the vlog shout about guys
guys guys good it's like a joke Justin
was here for me if Justin be with you I
would literally fangirl but I'm going to
try get an angle turkey oh yeah perfect
for lunch I'll just let out the reaction
but if Justin was your IVH it's like as
Ryan was eight then someone would be
here
let's behind me on the left do you won
the dunk contest I don't know Ryan knows
but I don't I just watch hockey so guys
Ryan says he's a baller NBA just posted
a picture it has a bunch of NBA guys in
it I don't know who any of them are
except for Lonzo yo hard to see them
because this is the first therefore they
cannot see you they cannot see us this
is their first pick in their Jersey so
it will be like a little tribute cane
lkl so a first one we decided or that
decided at the screen let all those I
know Alonzo ball Israel it's so on it I
know I'm only because he has a wavy
Instagram handle who is this guy I'm
stressed
Blanco ball you said second guy who's
this guy whoa
I'm on googling one lyric hold on hold
on why is it so dark in the back of this
car guys don't click on him he says
something guilt refresh the camera it's
like a Somalian name I swear this is him
guys hold on I'll show you a better
angle just just so you can take them in
this is him Luke monk monk monk
something monk something monk it's like
some next morning the threat to the M
his first name
no yeah nothing guys you can see them
right here listen actually it might not
be I might have got around I think that
says almond monk but I think it's Malik
monk it's Malik monk yeah new Monster
High I'll give you half a point for that
next up who the heck is that
no no no no yes go here okay but let me
show that move it let me let me show
them who it is that so hard
okay that's his eyes you handle guys on
I don't know when the ground drumsticks
Kayla what team is that that's the
Clippers buddy the Cooper Center for a
stick-up I don't know who you guys I'm
really sorry about this lighting it's
terrible in the car but but this is the
guy right here no see
his name is Jay Evans do you want Evan
easily trip first 2016 4 hours you don't
know I'm more than okay it next up this
guy are you kidding you don't know this
guy the NBA rooks are ready to show off
he's a new NBA monitor all comment down
below know where he is guys let's go to
the page no no chill chill chill chill
who is he okay just Dustin and how's
that Colin no idea what school you got
28k what school do you go to you mother
you'd like Gonzaga as I speak okay last
one
this guy looks like an older month no no
they're all Brody's okay play this way
his name is clutch Reid and then this
guy oh I know I know this guy who's he
oh no no no oh is it that Smith know
he's an excellent actually looked at the
stick with junior cello to Ryan for
seeing the pic before I even ask him the
questions but he legit he's not nobody
page go to the page he says he's an NBA
Mon and I showed them all NBA guys the
ok in the NBA you want to go show him
what do you do that
world of warcraft tell me he's gonna get
exactly your over here ok
go search out there's a Buffalo Wild
Wings back cases Buffalo Wild Wings
wh-where's 25Â° it's right up here I
think it says it's right up here like on
this corner Oz okay guys we were going
to go to in and out Ryan's never had in
his life before I've had a bite out of a
burger once in my life it was all right
I mean I want to go to 25 degrees
because apparently they're luxury
burgers but apparently there's like a
mad line so we don't overdo it what
who's this
who is that I have no idea that's not a
character yeah it's a beautiful world
work out New Zealand Ragan is this LNT
that's be dragon when you enter the game
so they'll know if the old has common
his name down below comes with a world
workout you play is not a World of
Warcraft hire me is a social media they
don't even have is accountable because
World of Warcraft players don't until
helium stamp but you have is clearly
World of Warcraft girl Marissa yeah and
who's this then
ko that's a new character bro look at
the games Oh giggles okay there you guys
go
that's the LA trip now first order of
business in Ottawa me and me and Ryan
eight very poorly in LA okay I'm not
gonna lie diet Wolfie was struggling a
bit so since we're back in Ottawa we are
going to go on that juice cleanse we're
headed to the juice cleanse store let's
get it so I just picked up Ryan sways
and we are on our way to the juice
cleanse place we're just talking about
like our favorite flavors in the mix pH
this thing called raw chocolate it's
like more sick consistency than
everything else it's like a smoothie
that's like a smoothie and it's really
hard to come back so he doesn't like it
but I really like it but I don't like
the ones that he likes like he likes the
one that has tumeric in it which tastes
so bad and jalapeno and this guy kind of
like jalapeno and Karen I don't even eat
and both of those yeah so he's over with
that anyways we're going to go there and
then because we're starting it early we
have to DIY like make our own things so
let's see what we got we out here guys
this is like the most
low-key store you'll ever see in your
life and you should literally give me
promos wanted me for life for this but
we out here
DIY phone how's it going I think I'm
going to go with some of the immune
supercharged one someone's got beets
carrot apple lemon ginger ooh honestly
not my favorite but it is what it is
this skin tonic because my skin's got to
be smooth I got your two this pimple
ryan hates this one too raw chocolate
you can see it's thick right you can see
a thick whatever best one ever
Lima cashew I'm eights on this one I'm
drinking like activated charcoal and
lemonade's but this is the juice cleanse
if you guys want to know what I'm going
to be doing for pretty much a week these
are all the juices and I might be doing
this one here money ah Brian does appear
green juice cleansing I'm doing it
spawned a Lopez might have like whenever
I will do it oh my god doesn't have some
funk oh god it houses well you don't get
to look for sale is there I like yeah he
likes to no one in the tool one's not
going to be good after you have a
sickness in a row here here and here and
they even have like a sampling section
here where you can taste all the flavors
and I'm very aged if you guys haven't
been able to tell because LA was fun but
I mean coming back to your home city and
then just going on a cleanse and feeling
like you get all that gross sweatiness
out of you it's better it's better than
fun
whoa fam if you're a guy and you want to
hit on your crush just tell them they
need to discrete shot this and tell them
they need to be more of this cheese
speaking of Ottawa you know for back we
got to go to Home Depot and get some
video supplies to Ryan's ways oh that's
holding me up some dropping the video
right now so if my videos out late in
the next couple days you guys know why
this is the reason describe facetiming
dad to make sure it's holding water
combined let's see what dad says if he
answers you might get your own curved
like a monkey bar hold on you might get
curved like a crowbar guys I'm writing
my disc track if you can't tell so I'm
like thinking of all these lines right
now oh my god call shall go far D curfew
like a crowbar please Bongo now Tom's
the next one yeah Shawn answer your
phone bro
has to be like use this one for this one
guys if you live in a house of your
roommates you should be answering the
call shit I'm buying something no no no
no no for a new gym get these from here
buying a crowbar for the monta see
you're gonna get curved bye Shawn see I
get fit like Shaun T you know Shanti
I'll use name from insanity here I'll
show you a picture ever if you don't
know boom this that the two curves in a
row you can't stop this flow geez
your dogs calm down okay I know you want
the juice I got the juice though I got
the juice all right guys so because so
if you guys have been rocking with me
for a while you know what the juice
cleanse is you're supposed to drink one
juice every pretty much one and a half
to two hours evenly throughout the day
but with me I wake up late and I'm
always out of the house and I don't feel
like bringing juice is looking
everywhere I go so the way I do it which
I do not recommend by the way is because
it's already six o'clock I have to get a
video I gotta finish editing that and
because I haven't anything literally I
haven't had a thing other than my coffee
this morning I have I have to drink
pretty much five juices to make up for
earlier in the day so Ryan's got his
carrot or four juices you're also not
supposed to have two of the juices in
the same day but doesn't matter doesn't
matter and all those in the same hole so
he's got his rabbit one and I have I
need to pick out five of these juices
and I really don't like this oh I do
like this one I was gonna no no no chill
chill chill here - I'll grab this and I
need one of these which one's actually
greens greens I hate this one and one
more randomly note this for those I
gotta have two of those so these are my
five some lemonade some greens tumeric
actually I need a green 201 oh there is
none I'm H so I got a chilled all five
back let's do it already pre opened all
the tabs to save time guys and this time
I'm not going to close my goals or block
off the flavor because I want to get
used to the flavors even though some of
them are really bad going to end off
with a black lemonade cuz on to my
favorite and I want my mouth to taste
like that immune supercharged here we go
one for every juice that I drink is the
leg but 20,000 times
that's the worst one but scared you so
I'll have mine waiting over there chairs
oh so much liquid solder for house it's
not even the juice of this point there's
a lot of likely little bunch of liquid
and that one case is like I just
honestly went to the grass and went and
just chewed up grass and hey bro I'm
gonna cry this is your favorite one the
lemonade this one's thick though I'm
laughing
I get lemon five down let's go ahead
love you and just to show you guys that
I'm not playing around I obviously do
not waste food I never would no no no no
no no no no she'll be about Thai Express
and they brought her some of those two
spices she can't deal with spice I love
Thai Express Kay it's like literally one
of my favorite foods in the entire
planet in the world I can't eat it
though okay usually I would finish
Silvius traps they brought her a new one
okay that's not spicy but look at it
guys if the wolf man was here obviously
I would donate to you guys what this
stuff's going to go bad so I just wrote
I express that you don't have to tell me
how much that hurt you because that
probably hurt me 10 times more I can't
miss juice cleanse look guys I want to
give a huge shout out to my dog Sam for
impersonating me on tinder the tendon of
resonators don't stop I think it must be
because of my blessed friggin hairline
in that photo I mean bro Sam you picked
you picked the right photo bro so show
it to Sam especially I really really
like the description hit me up ladies I
lift I love that and your hobbies
include weight lifting you go to
Michigan State and yeah shots or the
girl who sent me these photos because
she sent me two and it's not just them
okay
by the way guys the only reason I'm
giving Sam a shout-out is because he's
clearly wolf em he's repping the merch
in the photo so shout out to him Wolfie
rap calm go calm yourself submerged
limited time only go copy immerse before
it sells out it's frickin savage okay
and then the next person is my main dude
Evan who chose a picture from a long
time ago where I'm trying to look like a
Dolan twin and this one which I'm not
even proud of I think if I recall that
one was taking on new years where I
thought I was ready as hell so I had to
take a selfie before we went out think
that New York slot but not so to Evan
because you're not rocking the merch in
the fricken tinder account bro you know
there's been studies shown okay that 80%
more girls will swipe right if you're
rocking new Wolfie
merge this is 100% legit guys no way
would I be lying about this so guys if
you want girls swipe right on tinder if
anyone still uses tinder swipe right and
go cop some new wolf your ass emerges
Wolfie rap song go copy for cells right
here yo Ryan what are you trying to do
for the vlog bro I don't even know
something you haven't done before
something I haven't done before huh hmm
alright I think I got it what should we
do okay how about on three we say we
should do for the vlog alright so here
we go saying on three three two one rob
a bank actually not even how do you
think of it like that bright honestly
think this track should get more views
anyway so here I'm sure you guys are
aware frickin reactions okay these diss
tracks and these reaction videos are the
ones that get it all abused and you know
gotta capitalize on these views because
YouTube is going down Jana like - so
you're gonna edit like Bryan's gonna
edit live ah this track is going down
the drain
so guys as I'm sure you can see by
little the good cg scratch okay none of
that mess is that I'm sure you can see
why the title we are reacting to ksi
little boy okay
ksi is you know I bet the guys very
great guy super cool super laid back guy
I was in a little like a millisecond of
his last one that was called earthquake
it was lit I was quick okay okay it was
winter a scum basically I held him
because there's been a lot of stuff
going on behind the scenes so I held off
on reacting to his little boy and get a
chance to react to that one Mick started
just dropped a new video today called
sidemen dis track is there a name for it
and I see this one is just called
sidemen dis track reply number one on
trending
rumor has it if you go write a diss
track they automatically give you a
number one I'm trending so hopefully we
can get a trend if you're acting you
know this track feel the works so today
we're going to be reacting to ksi and
Vic stars also many mentor aka Simon has
also dropped a diss track haven't
reacted to his yet haven't seen it yet
like I said there's been a lot of stuff
going down but if this video hits 50,000
likes I will react to that one in a
separate video there's just been so many
diss tracks but I didn't want to like
overwhelmed the whole time with this is
terrific so if you guys go down to hit
like when we hit 50,000 that way I know
you want to see me and Ryan react to
mini Minter's discharge anyways
go ahead play a little boy wrote
screenshots on the wall for now one on
every video we should have them take
another girl home they usually wait
we're on our use our thing our feeling
bank finish my juice today is a
beautiful woman of our choice
yeah you pegler papa these days everyone
bought a jean you know what let's go
bigger go miss julia Kelly thank you I
love her
guys I was really jealous all right guy
has an amazing personality
what's your Instagram at miss Julia
Kelly Carmen at Rhine trees and wolfy in
all brush it's just we don't go up yeah
right and this race race at no comedy
scene Oh cat rightly so I am loves you a
try please shirt right look like you get
blocked holy shit what the hell
I plant cells okay I love you so much
right well here we go let's really I
love her so much I love you it's all for
fun but Wow alright great personality
keep doing little boy here we go
hey you want to follow right dose what's
good out there my new house
my name is ah no I think this is a hairy
dis a crush on my neck
okay okay was it lost weight fuck me or
not I don't want to bother too much
really got caught me playing much more
is that like just like my thing my gosh
pause yeah yeah yeah a proper boy yeah
pause like you so pause like proper
isn't it's like your like your proper
white guy what are you doing rapping
yeah yeah that would make little way
holy these these who said that yeah now
you want Scott
you love the gum no faking packs on
stress people looking okay I must stop
right there
Rhoda Shaw is insanely relevant like I
wanted to fat kiss out everything but I
mean sure boy yeah I can't sighs hold me
but at the end of the day I mean Road
hogs also highly relevant yes like five
a little bit hope that he's popping but
case I also seen it's really popping
yeah aka antibody Jesus okay
it's both it's both true
that's a P for sure well one I think
it's very exciting
I'm trying to react to this
I know really really actually listen to
me cuz I listened before I swear I see
the words saying Harry only slept with
one girl in the first boy you know I
mean yeah he looks like that's kind of
good yeah the loyal he's a loyal
individual no I'm not like Ryan I
between what Missy and her instead
God is a good time okay in that no so he
just came on the home and the girl can
size this like now I'm gonna come at
first your girl then we're coming your
dad then your mom gets banged by sheep
otherwise I think it's probably like a
little yeah yeah okay thing sheriff
that's all to hear yo and then and your
sister younger sister taking in the head
you go your girlfriend has mud that's
like you much yeah you might so his
girlfriend her friend head sweaters big
anybody your your noses month
watcher and the line earlier was like
well he's like my god like this Jack we
see that everything you have done
yes I am red hair like you here lies not
one hundred thousand for you to write me
to write it a second I'm already writing
one it's a secret on you it's on but you
guys Garrity because I feel like it's a
good chance it's going to be later a lie
it might be anyway all I gotta say about
it I think is it over okay I laugh going
in African culture looking at good shit
you probably felt it wrong a bit even
got a pail milk that dances we get a
couple old waves like the most
disrespectful thing right now is a
banger I can't even hate and the house I
love the house I'm moving in there so
especially when I into opportunity owe
me grapes you stole the grapes all right
so on a scale of one to ten I will give
back a ten-mile yeah high school degrees
I'll give it like that was really good
to be I might have liked that better
than but first was the first one called
earthquake when I was a little quick
yeah I think I like that one better than
straight I'll give it like a 9.2 yeah
when I said I don't know but drink only
gets tensed okay drink only gets tense
and I should Jake only get six books
next one is by vixx our number one
trending yeah I don't really know what
to expect from Vic to be honest and
should everyone pick some big everyone
take something by this number one it's
like on my district well so here we go
knowing knowing like how this is all
going on they're all pretty good I feel
like Victor is going to come in as he
just because everyone has come at eat so
far yeah so here we go no no not like
said what oh my god you think that is
your easy and awfully okay I got to hire
blacks doing it's a new signature yeah
it has to be true he's a goofy I drew
this is the perfect beat you could do in
the a be does track do well and you got
a side member chance did you
okay you know my cap you are underrated
on YouTube there's a lot of using like
that Wow
20 million views on a Minecraft good
shut up him and you got okay yes that
you can take it throw one two three
because his channels mixed on one two
three oh good I like that
bro this is like this is what I when you
can't come in with the crazy you come in
with the money falling from thank you
and the merch blood always hug my okay I
understand I like I really like that
road to be honest it's like I obviously
I didn't expect much going into it
because I mean I wasn't expecting much
from any of them other than ksi because
I know your apps but like it's kind of
lit I was like I like I approve that was
like gamma defend how you tricked me and
still come at your head topple a little
bit and make it fun so the fans are
gonna love it so shut up they start I
mean a lovely show you didn't greet
alright so all in all of those distract
you want you could call get it me and
Roy will be a whoopee-doo you won't be
are coming out all your head Todd I'm
coming
I'm telling you coming in I wrote a few
lines already Sony's I'm leaving team
elbow everyone do that alright blast you
know coming back
you don't even in team are your kids are
your are going to bubble so you're old
so these Nisha please not okay
shut up to Ryan go subscribe data
channel youtube.com/ sighs Ryan swings
by my Merc you just the tinder guides
use it
wolfy opcom selling out quick so hurry
up in the copper chart you want to be a
savage and death track having seen 50
talking if you want the reaction manager
let me get it feels good to be home oh
my god
I have not slept in my bed for so
frameline like we went to LA for two
weeks and I did not see my bed obviously
because we were in LA and then yesterday
when we got back I think in the vlog I
didn't do anything I just passed out on
the friggin couch so your boy is so
amped to go to bed his own bed tonight
but probably going back to LA soon so
don't worry about that so I'm gonna vlog
out there I'm super tired if you enjoyed
the vlog make sure to go down and smash
that like button let's hit 40,000 likes
on this blog because we are back in
Ottawa baby and it is lit out here stay
tuned because tomorrow I'm going to also
drop a vlog on your head top waking up
super early we got a fun packed day
tomorrow as well
and yeah the vlogs are just going to
keep coming ahead so I hope you guys are
ready I know school is coming up student
so guarantee for that get buckled in for
that but just know the vlogs I'm not
going to stop anytime soon so so comment
down below we never stop okay comment
down below we never stop now we'll see
you guys soon on mobile where we stay
just a little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage lag
