good morning ay yo what's up werewolf P
welcome back to more wolfy there was an
early night last night which means it's
an early morning of grinding against
today we in the hills of LA traveling we
are about to go do another collab oh I'm
not collabing with these parody is going
to do another collab so smash the like
button if you guys are enjoying these
vlogs
let's hit 35,000 lights right now for
absolutely no reason
have you hit the like button yet if you
haven't you played yourself today we are
doing something get all my Asian viewers
I can appreciate not definitely on my oh
yeah alright well if you see the same
footage of my vlogging Ryan's blog you
guys know where came from Asian
youtubers okay you guys know people by
the name of JK films
okay JK party JK news we're gonna go
visit them never met them before my life
but David doing something with them so
shout out to all the Asian fans I got
because I know you watch them like no
you don't watch them and it's about to
be loud so let's go get the day started
Mongols little friends from last night
has a posting area now here guys I
remember when YouTube was literally just
kids making videos in their own house
wasn't studios it wasn't sense it wasn't
quiet on set none of that and I feel
like some more YouTube goes on the more
removing into crazy production studios
that makes these mod TV shows I just
want to make videos you see my setup yes
so you guys would be real time yeah
that's real YouTube you click the red
button if you go yeah right now that
Isis being wider than that we don't know
if it's quite on time for sure but it's
like it'll go down this bit go down this
building Gold is on the later reach this
room it's like jobs videos on your on
the camera chop-chop
City on your room this is not what
YouTube is come on can we just make
videos I showed you youtubers like since
I've been in ology I'm more a bit in the
game I believe the game David is the og
youtuber my first youtube video actually
was before they finish not even with
even with even with your bad videos on
the third yeah David is first most of it
cuz I hope you guys like David Perry I'm
good how was the first video bro guys my
stomach is dying right now was there
harder than our videos
yes or no so I'm not it was like eating
challenge I'm more of a mind game so the
old fam should look up for this one yeah
all right they better check it out look
at the clothes guys literally like last
second I was like now I gotta edit so
these guys have taken all the elves for
me I don't have to do it I just get to
watch the entertained live footage and I
get to see a live link will be in the
description when the drops obviously go
to check it out this will be coming back
of all be coming back yeah I'll be Co
actually taking you to the new three if
this is talking it's about connect all
the way have you seen my channel
how are you stick five in big weenie you
must want to see the mean shit guys I
drank me pee what this guy looks like
that is ghost-like Santa Claus rolling
out I'm gonna go keep editing okay
but signed up for you to Alyssa's not a
reality TV show was why is there 700
cameras why is their sets why is this X
Y Z why did they lend Brian and Vaughn
go and see his lavalier mics and people
say the happiest eyes they knew decay
which reflects how I'm going to keep
adding taking my makeshift editing zone
with edit videos and my chair for
editing while these guys were making an
absolute mess over there ridiculous
David's in the bathroom cleaning up Ryan
and Bongo got absolutely dummy so I'm
gonna go check in on what they're doing
right now but just know I got a bunch of
editing done please run and this is a
set and why is it 610 who knows well
guys just know I'm a daily vlogger of
always going to keep coming interesting
super hot outside and I don't even know
which room I'm going in right now here
and guys even though I wasn't in the
videos they're hooking it up with the
merch peep touch through my merch Tony
embalmer by murica caught this first
yeah it's lit and we're all getting some
so shout out to these men they're
amazing you're so nice Joe like holy yo
Ryan yo whatever you want all right time
to head off right now I'm going to meet
up with Sylvia and I have a meeting
five multiple
today is very business-wise but I wanted
to show you guys like a little sneak
peek on what we just did with what they
did I didn't do but these guys perform
showed JK was on JK party JK cards
what's poppin I might be on JK news soon
so if you guys see me from the near
future probably three months down the
line because they filmed ridiculous my
videos and they come up they just
dropping so she's like the timeless
drops all have a beard put it down but
show everybody they're super nice Bart
and Joe Gio tip all amazing people and
even their workers are friggin amazing
one day hey yo for the rest of the trip
another eight boys and girls Brian will
no longer we refer to I please he's a
Ryan sweet because JK films he'll
thought his name was rise me hello
everyone comment down below
welcome to the family Ryan's tweeze the
more neither nesrin resulting one time
is not on Sonya guys we miss Kanye our
IP I'll be back soon but just comment
down below please Abdi am the more if
you put more letters use baby please
needy
excuse me freakin call me business
Wolfie a boy right now is just pulling
back up to the crib I was just out for
like the past three hours doing business
and I needed to ask you guys a quick
question I wanted to know what you guys
thought because the first merge drop was
so successful it's sound like a God
Church I wanted to know what you guys
thought of little kids verge may be
coming soon and women's merch coming
through because I know there's a lot of
female wolf em and I know there's a lot
of little you'd wolf Em's so if you guys
are interested in that smash the like
button comment down below what you guys
would want and stay tuned because that
might come out very very very very soon
we back baby
alright thought yeah I remember how I
said that we just got back home now
we're back out we're going back out
again guys la as gold comes old tongue
will come right now we're on go back to
the grocery store because we don't live
here we got to restock but let's make
this right a little interesting I'm
going to show you guys the back of your
life Sylvia what if I told you I could
make your phone louder any iPhone louder
without using any like accessory on it
you you you do okay no way no bring out
your iPhone bring out your iPhone and
guys I want you to try this at home this
is no hats okay this is a hundred
percent works every single time super
crazy hearts none that's all so
basically bring her your iPhone cleave
it play like any song that's preferably
royalty-free so I don't get spent on it
hey you have Rosie three songs on your
phone yeah okay
any youtuber you know your youtuber if
you have royalty-free music on your
phone so after you pick a song play it
I'll roll up the window so you have
optimal listening okay that's the song
go to your settings on your phone
hey what alright now go down to your
settings on your phone some music guys
you have to find music you're right
there now go to EQ to EQ now it's going
to be on don't click it yet but there's
something called late night on this list
don't forget click everything down on
the list
acoustic so you can see the difference
having seen it in your bridge yet okay
they sound the same volume okay you're
still the same thing now late night here
how does it sound guys if you go on the
late night setting on your phone okay
here's the step I'll line them up on the
bottom of the screen setting then once
you go to settings you want to go to
music you have to scroll down a bit to
hit music after you hit music you want
to go down to east you and then once you
hit EQ you go to late night this is not
my trick I cannot take credit for it I
found it on some tweet and I actually
tried it out and I was like what the
heck because everyone obviously wants to
know how to get their iPhone neither and
everyone has an iPhone because you're
not team Android unless they sponsor us
and then we'll team Android till you die
but iPhones are better until Android
launches us Apple you didn't even
sponsor me but I love your product so
much you should definitely sponsor me
and because it's so rad in the common
open it here they were not
welcome back to shopping with Wolfie if
you flip the W upside down and done it
smells damn if you remove the Elat of
plink its those pink if you add an art
to a covert you spell recover if you
find one of these you're good if you're
Ryan please you can't drive one of these
I'm one of these if you reverse the
order of these you got a chocolate bar
if you remove the green and add cure it
helps your nails if you replace the B
with hours you get around
Ryan's it's that these if you drink this
you're old thank you for shopping with
Wolfie come back next episode and we
will discuss life water if I win this
machine at the grocery store called the
TV apparently you can just put a key in
and a duplicate you literally we have
the Airbnb team I don't want I don't
suggest this says do not duplicate so
we're going to duplicate it just for
testing purposes
I never recommended in it but this is
just for experimental purposes so let's
insert this key with the teeth up I
don't know how much this is by the way
I don't have any money
if this works I'm you like to listen to
you no no no but I'll get the ecology
because if she's young honor I want the
bottle opener oh that's a real bottle
that's our best seller kin to me can I
want to play for you check out if this
work from stretch
I feel like it's just regular in like
California but really here they prohibit
who need your assistance in it except
everywhere I go this point my prior to
us out it does work the flute at Zoo who
comes first enter your email and not
your mom your money
the Canadian government we said that
even no not haha so over here you go
here's just me 100% guaranteed boys
heavy snow pack wow that's
whoa oh okay
what no thank you melon is different oh
my god your friends oh alright guys so
we're almost on the process we get it
you and then I think I do how would you
like in between
- today I'm sorry you're zone it says
literally you can do it so easier
Tiffany yeah it's still being like maybe
I owe
well then it's like another question
please what's your real holy believe it
flavor like what your Bailey system
right God
it's not even in all the coffee
then you won it is am gonna pop bro
there's remnants from other keys bottle
opener key alert let's try it out with
calligraphy what are you doing
headed sister but time for the moment of
truth does the key work as you guys can
see locked key with bottle opener alert
Judaism here it works
what does it work as a bottle opener at
sea nice non-alcoholic beverage here
don't want to be talking with that and
as you guys can see the Keith here dude
alright now come with me as I threw it
in the toilet and finish you should be
doing it and I don't want to be
duplicating no keys there in the toilet
so let's wrap it in duct D to other
paper and the guy Rex none on garbage
people could get it toilet paper this is
going to none yet it's gonna clog the
toilet is it yes let's see goodbye t
look at he's gone forever
yeah but it's gone but I just want to
see if a work I'm wasting away on that
I'm sure I just put that in alright so
you guys have been killing the like
button on my past couple videos I told
you guys the second we hopped in this
Airbnb that I would investigate this
trapdoor on as soon as we get in here
so I don't know what's in it a label is
a in LA there's lots of raccoons in like
coyotes and stuff in the mountains so
here we go we got hello
all right time to give it a peek oh my
god yo yo that's so quickly
bollocks what yo yo yo yo yo talk to my
phone where's your phone where's your
phone your phone I don't know it's all
blurry anything don't free up get your
phone your phone your phone close in
there I'm gonna kill this is all this is
all this so this is a table and blurry
this whole time why the camera just go
blurry all of a sudden here we go guys
lights on time to see you with one this
is creepy eh oh my god what's that I
don't know I don't know this is outsider
inside but look at all this dirt there's
a bottle in here someone's been in here
this is cellar and it smells so I feel
it as rattle rocks and stuff in there
it smells like outside it's haunted
should I go in it's haunted is it I'm
sorry do you mean go in give me that
door here look it look it all the way
down there look at all the way down
there you all don't have this is a mod
thing okay I'm dipping my head and I'm
actually shocked because I was here ago
are you talking give me something like
it killed in ivj okay let's not talk
about this fabulous
I cannot go on there after spiders
meself yeah there is you're right you
want to shout out
yo who even want enough to go in here
you do it
smash the like button guys hold this
hold this okay I need to I'd you to
people around me why I'm not as scared
I'm going in here hopefully doesn't take
my human races or so dark unlucky
cheesecake yeah no no we have the
wonderful even
you're serious - you don't lose my phone
Malaysia oh my god oh my god oh my god
let my golden sake it actually goes to
the entire underneath that when you go
around yeah when you look around the
corner to the right you can see how much
deeper it goes in oh my gosh you can
grow it's like what's the point of it
wrong do you know what this is whoa well
this is actual mountain odds I know it
we're on the mountain bro when they were
building this house you know regular
houses have underneath the house and
like everything is like for unite they
have to build it as they go well this is
like Peter Lorre go but go look beep if
you dip your head in here maybe that's
why the house this is your weird shape
that could in like brain go oh no oh my
and literally going in a crack house no
you have to like dip your head in and
you can see guys oh my god okay oh let
me show the camera Rosa
so okay hundred thousand lights I
already know what I want mm like a
thousand likes and one of us will
perhaps explore this case perhaps maybe
if you guys convinced you know could
look at it when you go in here can you
guys see like way down there I was
trying to lay there it goes for so long
this is duped okay that's the exact
thing not anymore I'm closing it some
closer we're done guys this is freaking
scary your arm stress Brad Pitt is
delivering us our food this is zoom I do
not know what is going on guys I
literally every single day in LA I end
up passing out before I end the vlog
it's like what the hell I'm about that
vlog Lightfoot yo your boy keeps falling
asleep I don't know why I'm just too
tired out here saw in the vlog right now
it's in the morning
we got another beautiful day ahead of us
as you can see outside it is very warm
the palm trees are hanging and swinging
definitely the swimming type of day so
if you enjoyed yesterday's vlog if
you're looking forward to tomorrow's
vlog go down smash that like button
comment down below palm tree I will come
back to you guys and I'll see you guys
soon armoire we'll see where we say a
little bit more Sarah so my main channel
and as always merch coming soon stay
savage Lego
