and you what since your boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie guys very
very very important update I know a lot
of you guys have been wondering where is
your merch because it's been a long time
since you ordered merch and you still
haven't got it shipped to your house
basically there was a lot of stuff going
on behind the scenes but he's super
excited because the merch has already
started shipping out so look forward to
that and not only that but because we
sold out so friggin quick because you
guys are so savage on the first batch of
merch there is super charger website
right now Wolfie wraps dot-coms you guys
don't know you know it's right on the
screen right here go click I mean you
can't click on the screen but the link
is in the description of every one of my
videos Google coffee so to fire merch
look at what we are working with now
master like butter because now not only
do we got this hoodie but we got it in
the gray and black for the ladies we got
it in a paint and gray which is also a
be the new ones to keep the front of
this tea oh my god and keep the back as
well with the wool guys these are some
serious designs I am super excited about
this so have no fear the merch is coming
what else we got on the site we got you
sizes so if your kid if you could fit in
the sizing before don't worry we got you
covered we got smaller we got bigger
extra small extra extra large ah I know
what it is wolf n if your girl you watch
me I love you so much people we have to
hook it up with a girl tank off these
are so nice for summer and it's not as
joggers are finally out oh my god the
wolf ones right there look how to lady
those are that hat throw in all colors
and these hats are lit tall the thing is
hurry hurry hurry is the first batch of
birds sold out so so so quick ok walk
man I'm talking quick so going to say
right now hop it don't submerge I'm 8 at
these new designs guys I literally
cannot get over them one ago you go ok
caught the birds right now over your
eyes calm hariya and now you guys can
enjoy the boat flashlights but looking
good morning
la hold on let me do that again I got a
little err good morning la that's good
it's way wolfy today we are back with
another la vlog halfway through the day
we woke up late last night we went out
that's what we ended up doing it was
freaking lip apparently Kevin hurtled
through Devin Booker rolled through a
bunch of big Mons rolled through so it
was super fun today's another day though
so before we begin the vlog I will throw
off my camera in about 5 seconds if you
guys just hit the like button
to the pool so go down to my cell a
button if you haven't already have you
hit it via vehicle a1 no you hit it okay
good really my son actually dropped it
your mind not doing that me and I both
took home a video for his channel we
don't have a DIY kitchen but this is
what we are working with right now Ryan
is reviewing footage on Dave's Channel
we always like to make sure that we all
look at each other's videos before the
play is online so this is like a quick
little revision or will it nor jiggle
your eyes I draw he always looks at my
thumbnails and like he doesn't give a
shit what's happening thumbnail as long
as he looks good if you know it's a good
fit to bless them no good cuz I don't
get for days where we have I still need
to review them so they will review after
you film so that's the first step of the
day so these is when I work all day to
go do some stuff I got meetings tomorrow
literally I might as well just move here
guys hit the like button or move to LA
because I want oh oh
capital capital v capital L capital v
capital you know that means leave a ton
of stone this is what it takes
look at this friggin Rube Goldberg
experiment just to hold up this tripod
because Ryan's thing is so flimsy we had
to attach another Manfrotto
and we have to dig it into the paper
towels to stand up so now we're going to
film this is DIY not in us like looks
like that so setup yeah this is exactly
you need so you need a Manfrotto you
need a nice Jovi which is mine a garbage
camera which is Ryan's paper towels so
you don't need anything to be a good
youtuber you know we're irrelevant
youtubers now
welcome to the guys subscribe to be
cheap is like button is what it looks
like on my snapchat and no one talks to
each other anymore
crazy the only thing this Airbnb is
possibly missing other than the fact
that we can't go on those two floors up
there is pool floaties the pools were
must coming to LA I made sure to have
pools at both locations because I wanted
to film some videos in them but pool
floaties make the freaking pool way more
fun y tan on land when you contend in
water don't you call Shotgun yeah when
you didn't call it well this is private
property
you ain't call Shotgun your Bongo reload
realtor and live my god bro seriously
you need to start with that first
cookies chips ahoy cookies in your bid
now McDonald I can't even believe you
guys like we came to LA and we have like
three green are all those options here
and we're still getting the grounds like
I mean you're not worth water that's
vodka
are you lying again guys anyways we're
on our way to go find pool noodles go to
the coffee every run that we do because
literally okay hold on a low-key ordered
stuff to this house because you can't
get certain stuff in friggin na Canada
and this might be what I need a plowed I
need not don't litter it so we pulled up
to the store and we're in the pool
floatie Isle and honestly out of all
these this one's low-key right favorite
day favorite our bongos favorite and the
one that I want to get a man can go to
fun it's all marketing guys you got to
get the girls that look happy on this
pool not dog is a paw patrol bro this
one's a lady not the Sun canopy King
this is Pocoyo girl so on that note
we're gonna grab one of these a bigger
one cuz I'm a big guy and we're just
gonna have fun with it just have fun
with it it's gonna be a fun time it's
gonna be a fun time here I was going to
read you see it's going to be crazy so
if you buy more than what I need more
than one I think one for me or use it
who knows probably we'll see you what it
is oh that's actually the one I need
that's actually what I need Loki how
much is that my four is twenty four
beans pink to Ryan's favorite color
let's get it time to blow this bad boy
out
and just like that we are finished with
this but this is not meant for up here
what this is really meant for is right
down here
here okay not there there so guys the
real reason I bought the pool floatie is
because I want to do a prank on Wonder
Boys everyone's too busy grinding here
to even pay attention like no one's even
watching each other's videos which means
Brian's not watching my vlogs David's
not watching my blog Silvia is not
watching my vlog so everybody is fair
game so the plan is I know Ryan and
super heavy sleeper and so is Silvia so
I want to see if I can make them go on
this pool floaties when they're asleep
put them in the pool like so and then
have them wake up in the pool because
that would be legendary so actually like
whenever you want me to attempt that and
I will give it a try will form it's
probably gonna be one of the hardest
pranks ever but it's very very simple
the only thing that I can see that would
mess me up on this prank is the sheer
amount of stairs that this Airbnb has
because it goes up to there then you go
there up again and up again I mean
unless you could figure out a way to
like maybe like ladder or like rope
someone down from this balcony all the
way to the pool which I don't think
that's not realistic so we're gonna have
to figure out a way wolf and comment
down below your best solution for
figuring on how to do this because it's
probably going to be super hard and do
not I repeat do not spoil the prank
don't be commenting on their stuff
letting them know it's going to happen
we need to be as quiet as possible to
get this done anyways I will jump with
the pool because this pig floaties is
lit time so guys we're in the pool right
now and as you can see the ledges are up
here so Bongo just threw a water bottle
down to me and a beer bottle down to me
and I caught them both so I'm feeling
pretty risky I'm gonna make David build
a Dave's just like y'all throw my easy
off and I was like David you don't trust
me up or I'll catch me easy so I'm going
to try and make him throw off one of my
shoes which is if I mess up it's on me
into the deepest water pool Oz Ryan's
got a floaty house
yo Dave bro where did this guy go I got
the EZ what's you what am I willing to
Merkel I uh
so ye these mod human race is also mod
well those are God's nothing will sell
no no no okay do my use you do my easy
Moonachie zzzz oh but go to the top
balcony bro five minutes I move my
technically it's just like a free shoe
cleaning but it's like that means I
can't wear them for the rest of the day
because they're gonna be able so bones
are gonna go get it and then I'm going
to show you this cat slide what am I not
yet
why is the duckie on the bottom Jam
smash you like button here we go Nouriel
differently pyq gallon first we'll do
the skull right on here oh that's hard
oh my goodness yeah I know No my feet
feel good wrong beeping oh oh let's go
from me stop those guys are attached it
thank God
a my you don't show around easy but
watch your weight will keep licking
water and washing out into your white
easy around the gut people it's good
they have attained to go back up and get
together Syria just off it but they've
come down humble oh no homo time to hop
on my flippity-flop no this is so Cokie
for safekeeping
what yeah I know Dave Bing David you
guys we're gonna get Dave we're gonna
make you sleep on it and then chuck them
right are you one yeah we need to yo
come try this out some a comfy comes we
go let's go ah okay we'll come back in a
bit guys this is goals right here I
don't know if you can read that brand
but this is one of Sylvia's recent
purchases it might have been for me yeah
might not have been for me yeah I
shoulda bought why are you so tan in
this camera here you look orange in the
camera my orange I realize no in the
camera looks so red guys I don't know
why the cameras doing Silvia like that I
think there's some reflection of this
window as much maybe it anyways that's a
channel this is special brand
and all the girls are getting a so - my
girl wolf am peep this overlooking the
hills in LA this is the life I'm never
moving back we got palm trees planted
everywhere we got these from Whoville
trees we have like little coconut
looking trees right here anyways you
can't unbox it he's like like 10 minutes
Justin so hard for that of course guys
if you don't know this is channel like I
said it like crazy channel all girls
dream of channel so channel your inner
channel channel your inner thoughts and
open this unboxing for change I'm sure
this is completely unnecessary but
sometimes you got to spoil your girl
like this no I bought this look at even
the stickers I know I'm on it literally
buddy why are you lying
hi telling them I was like yo I need to
surprise Sylvia and she has enough purse
as well okay I wish channel purse look
at this guy this is $5,000 is she your
girl can you stop exposing me because I
bought it for myself
good bye I actually bought this first
let's see if she's happy but the color I
picked out oh it is a rose pink bag and
I knew you'd like it because I bought it
rose rose gold looking at oh wow that's
such a good purchase on my purse
wow so happy with that I'm joking guys I
kind of didn't buy it in Sylvia oh wow
that's please look at this purse what
day this is completely unnecessary when
you live in LA you live life as the LA
people do
that's ridiculous you can just see how
expensive that is how do you hold it my
outfit of the days are going to be good
you can hold it like this or I can hold
it yeah that's how hold it oh that's
deadly
that's all TV if I've ever seen it nice
person like a bougie yeah swearing on my
channel I'm gonna have to bleep it out
if you say this you say - what go try
and thread now say another word transfer
anything what why do you keep making
dolphin noises say it again no you know
thank you
no you I hate you blah blah blah blah
blah I can swear hear me I can't could
be putting about it that's ridiculous
look at it this cost more than Ryan
Sweeting like watch my knees someone
telling me why'd I have to spend that
much money together that's ridiculous
it's you not suspended though because I
bought it God if your own phone and make
purchase then you can just buy me the
bag for real next I'll give yo D
transferred I'm going to transfer the
money so technically I did buy it but
she is gonna like she bought it to start
right over here hurry guys hit the like
button and I'll actually go buy her
something crazy because she's been
expecting she hates my way are you
talking to me yeah Kate you let those do
too many in here Eddie you don't have to
use you money get to your heck why are
you buying this video this is my one why
are you buying designer stuff this is
ridiculous I can't believe all of these
designer purchases you buy like that
typical youtuber just getting lots of
views and all that stuff and then just
bind designer so if they don't even need
it like designer stuff for no reason why
are you doing like three months like
deciding on something to buy like that's
different sense of and Charles will just
go and I don't I literally don't that's
absurd and don't do that guys don't blow
your money to YouTube is hard and get
irrelevant stuff like that complain it
for like a whole month ago show Ryan's
raise this person did I bought you're
gonna ruin it yeah well I bought it so
go straight I want to show you something
I need to show you what so we just got
you know as you see I spend too much
okay this is not as much as I bought it
I bought it no you didn't I
bongos gonna snap bomb dogs gonna snap
no no no no no here here so we show this
way listen all that yeah crying thank
God oh my hi boys including blood
boiling or I bought a broker I've been
surprised with it
what is this
but it's just yeah this happen is cheesy
right stress to this purse right now
you know birth alert and the Begler
friggin bongos over here watching Game
of Thrones shots all the Game of Thrones
Jon Snow White
fans whatever this is sooo cool I like
to do it suck if I drop it in the pool
yo yo I'm confident too if I sniff I get
it what I'll buy you doing and I went
our body if I get it what up why you do
up yeah well why you transfer give me
Ewing that Chinese you the constant
girlfriend $5,000 person I surprised her
with in the pool toes out wet I had to
get her new one in the monetary more
diet 3 it was believed other culture
girl why is it so bred in this house bro
travel account rookie dancing choked on
diet Betty cheated on bro this lighting
in this house my definition is Dookie
this Airbnb has terrible any guys I'm
sorry about that but you look at the
season love is listen to our romantic
music playing every time she looks at it
wow wow don't look at it now and watch
watch a musical stop now look at it oh
my god that's hilarious she's rich a
cheer that that you do want to get to
her collection you two Monday's level
you can't be dying behind a side of that
I'm disappointed Ethel but did you
really come to LA if you did not get
frozen yogurts on cement
goddamn it way to go to piece that we're
ending the day off with some ice creams
and frozen yogurt the boys might next
door as smokes even though we have some
sort of from you guys they need
for some reason we're in LA what are you
doing fighting between two legal
flavours way more selection here
chocolate chip cookie dough vegan for
the LA people chocolate milkshake and
then regular vanilla probably is going
to go with the chocolate chip cookie
dough though the secrets are getting
frozen yogurt is don't do what Sylvia
turn Ryan get bear fruit it's like why
are you mixing fruit and ice cream now
he lowers up with chocolate and cookie
dough it's a vibe there's nothing to
gauge that's the coconut coconut alert
no it could be good I did it right
Ryan did it right what the hell is that
Dave a little longer to hit wrong so be
there one I didn't know ever players
okay okay
you get thicker don't get killed don't
get fruit Thank You Olli more time out
right many times they wanted truth and
we'll take it from there
breakfast with like fruit ice are we
having breakfast burritos like if it's
dark outside comment down below they're
concise Marshall England cuz you got to
leave your mark great where the big base
to hold that was terrible
so I take up that real estate guys well
I don't even notice though I can't smell
and write at the same time or spell and
vlog at the same time okay here we go
thought Wolfie on the wall BAM prize
light ruining my name secure the bag
alert just bang this girl bomb was back
still didn't realize look at this
process look good
oh sorry Nigeria extra good are you good
cleaner blaming am I gonna bring stress
growth hi bro you guys are pissing me
off
look good that's right what do you need
to dry what are you guys what the hell
is going on right now we bet the cameras
and she's here in LA
no yeah the cavalry is here anyway
what's actually going on no way boy is
there something on my face
no okay I think no something's out you
guys have to look really wide the camera
you're going to picture me and when we
wait two more minutes we're getting
Thursday - someone uses ok no no I'm so
free I'm so picky
good get rolled here here so guys I
literally think there's a girl in a guy
that because basically like the Airbnb
were saying has like multiple levels and
there's levels - levels specifically
above us and all nights like the past
four hours has been a girl and a guy
singing and playing guitar they're
friggin amazing like ridiculously good i
Loki I think they might be celebrities
or something I just opened the door
because I wanted to get like a sneak
peek of the music they're playing but as
soon as I open the door I think they
stop playing for a bit so I'm going to
try and sneakily open the door so you
guys can hear what they're playing are
they inside here Lee this is the girls
have hit some insane no anyways my goal
by the end of us leaving this Airbnb and
the LA trip in general it's a figure who
the hell is above us I don't know if
they're in an Airbnb I don't know how it
works they might live here or whatever
and low-key but you can see I'm in my
underwear in that mirror over there
I just throw on a sweater to do the
outro of the vlog some are like button
if you enjoyed you already know what it
is let's hit 35,000 I know you guys have
been showing bear support on the LA
blogs probably keep them coming your
head top also comment down below
can you image you that listen to this
the girl in the guy harmonizing right
now absolutely incredible
literally whoever I don't know if you
guys watch the vlogs but if you guys do
and you're upstairs try out for American
Idol I don't even know if that show
still exist child for American Idol
x-factor and they'll guarantee I
guarantee they'll make it
anyways I'll not know comment down below
X Factor if you made to the very end of
long and I will comment back to a bunch
you guys to do that and I will see you
guys soon on more wolfie when we say a
little bit more savage to my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
