good morning let's get at your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy guys I'm
excited today I woke up early with not
productive in the morning went for a
swim already and it's still the morning
time so we headed out right now
you guys already know what it is today I
want you guys to smash the like button
with let's do something hard this time
usually I say like knows whatever today
I want you to smash the like button in
five seconds with your earlobe okay got
5 seconds 5 4 3 2 1 boom
all right guys smash alike but hopefully
I don't get hit by this car right now
the other snakes putting me on this side
let's get the day started
another day another secret mission going
on here margaritas finish this video at
the boys house now they're going to wait
for them to get back home but I have to
go back to the Airbnb because I played
myself I forgot some in there I got to
meet Silvia there so I'm headed back to
the Airbnb well these guys are going to
have all the fun in the world I mean
this DIY kitchen is just honestly it's
too much you can film six videos on this
at once I don't get it but luckily I
always say in blogs you can just
teleport so here what did I tell you
guys about teleportation okay it's real
to thing so basically I finished up
everything I had to do here and I played
myself for having to come back here
because now I don't know if the boys are
done at the tattoo shop or not Bongo
well I mean let's give him a call by the
way guys an LA person only FaceTime
there's no call so from now on when I'm
in LA we only can make FaceTime calls if
Ryan answers my call as you can hear
this this guy's kind of curving me okay
well your friend Imaginext freaking Ryan
does answering the knife a timebomb
though was getting a tat and it and he
answered somehow all right so Ryan's
unavailable Marengo David do not let me
down bro do not let me down
he's already letting me down all right
David's not impressed with you either
Oh David Spade's on me back here yo were
you how much longer you gonna be how
much longer a minute to that role it's
only 30 more minutes
how far is it away this guy kom rolling
hey right guys my friends are not
helpful I'm like how long really is
yours like I don't know why it's a lot
of theoretical
get your head in the game all right
we're coming to the tattoo parlor Bongo
I will see you soon stressed wolf am
Ryan just called me telling me that they
were done at a tattoo spot so now I
don't you get to see bombas tattoo first
I'm stressed so I just told them to meet
us at some like clothing spot predators
like just dope use clothing spot in LA I
mean so we are heading to right now and
we're gonna get the first look maybe on
it's like who knows first look at the
time guys another flow I'm stressed
literally the boys just texted me saying
this place is too far so now me and
Silvia just wanted to it's called
basically there's two stores one so
shoes one sells use clothing exclusive
clothing that's super hard to get to--
we just went and checked out a bunch of
stuff and we secured the bag some stuff
in the bag
super lit but now me and Sylvia are like
I think it's called Little Tokyo where
we are right now and there's like their
little food places and shopping across
the street so I'm thinking Sylvia's
hungry we're probably just going to go
get some food I'm going to get like a
little snack and look Sylvia is eight
little tokyo cosmetics well thanks easy
little cut nama no use no use
look at this guys they have like mud
spider-man's over here so we're going to
find a place and i'll update you guys in
a second you all thought I was lying you
guys thought I was lying this is not a
joke
I'm so relaxed I'm relaxed and it's at
the same time coming through the
alleyway seven pummelo qulet what the
heck skirt skirt skirt gang gang gang
gang gang guys look at if you got yeah
mikaze camicazi bread and bakery we got
some Japanese culture Los Angeles food
for I said yeah mikaze we're almost
running into little babies here this
guy's swinging his daughter with what is
going on we gotta get out here we got it
it's too classic super hey guys we chose
the fourth
one slide I think we're going to get
t-shirts but think about me until you is
like we're super picky before we eat I'm
expanding the older I get like I'm 17
now like turning 18 - and in the near
future as soon as I turn 18 I'm giving
my wolfy rocks merch website out to
everybody will draft on Autobot alert
right now it's fire anyways like I was
saying we're simple people and this is
not the date
Dustin's probably days I'm not a I'm not
a Fuji so I'm gonna have to pick
something that I know me and so we're
gonna eat and I know there's too many
things on this menu pop no we got spring
rolls and edamame we should be good
chicken teriyaki ring rolls and edamame
some soup was will be is literally
munching right now ready this is insane
the only complaint I hear there's no
Wi-Fi and I'm like craving to check on
YouTube right now there's so much
happening but other than that it's a
good downtown get downtime now let me
move it ladies gentlemen back at the
crib boys you girls here yeah yeah this
is like this is my first official look
at the tattoo guys if you don't know
what it is
celeb anon arts it's not Lebanon that's
the map 11 on with with a leprechaun in
trees here oh my god blended in one it
looks a little shiny cuz you only miss
on it yeah I bought this aqua for guys
apparently look how thick this is Bongo
is fabulous pretty much guys I'll tell
you why bongos to put your mind to it
this guy's like yesterday's like yo I'm
gonna tap today you can catch it at so I
don't know Bongo guys go I'm sure
there's going to be IG pigs every go
like about salmon it's why I guys all
right guys so we're back at the crib put
it this way the boys as soon as we came
back to the crib within 20 minutes they
were gone they went out to dinner
without me kiss me until via 8 I'm sick
tired boy okay female we'll just shot
coming through because you guys keep
leaving me anyway wanted to give you
guys an update of where we are staying
because we've been an Airbnb for like
about a week now and we're going to head
back to Canada in next couple days but
look at what happens when you come to an
Airbnb they visit eight I through that
reason to decide to dream about to film
video right here and
nice but this is what's behind this will
youtuber stuff looks like it's not
actually clean never teen we just show
it to the side Exhibit B this is
essentially fungal debt which explains
why back stuff is over there we Bongo
has some weird fetish with sleeping on
couches and so this discounts pretty
much all he is it's our film studio and
a couch we got almost up there but look
at it because we've been here for we
charged with pool heaters by the way the
pool cleaners hooked it up in the
government because the first date we
jumped in the pool with all our clothes
on and everything and they cleaned the
crap out of it not cleaning now so that
is why over there we got all of our
clothes on that chair they literally put
it all over there and on the chair as
well over there and the table over there
they cleaned it up me and David both
bought bed which we still haven't put to
use so that that's gonna be coming soon
stay tuned for that we're still not
buying I there's lots of Red Solo cups
in the pool and the reason for that is
because basically David is swimming like
the video that's coming to know his
channel basically video supplies
everywhere there's a party over there
we're animating we were invited so okay
next by the way guys this is actually
what a clean house looks like I took
about 20 minutes to tidy up the house it
still looks like garbage there's I mean
I mean you know the stuff that is water
bottles everywhere and remember right so
we have a feel most at the garbage we
mount you guys this looks like a
family's been living in here for three
years but we've been in here for like no
time at all this in just bills I know
that that's what I'm going to get
cleaned up until relief I mean we're not
cleaning it Thanks we even have a
dishwasher that's old we don't have it
so that that sitting right there cool is
responsible for eating all these haps
half-eaten cookies now that's a Ryan
Sweeting Ryan I see you okay stop
sneaking with the cookies keep the
posting past a he's the full cookie in
the comment right
anyways bathroom kind of looks nice I
mean bongos definitely moved in this one
but to Randy's we can like cuz Ryan
you're not home before coming your room
all I want I could try and expose them
right now I got such a night in his room
right now because you're not here this
alright freaking hain tana made the bed
what he kind of made the bed you know
he's wearing today because we might be
going out so that to be wearing you
gotta stuff I mean we don't show them
how good reason not bad I don't even
know what's in these closets you gotta
have your game check I remove my cos all
your stuff no no so guys basically I
don't know that this is a thing in a
lake but all of your houses smell the
same both Airbnb is plus the house that
we've been going through the time that
we've been out here all smell the same
I don't know why it is so colors there
we still have yet to go into the secret
room now we're going in there before we
leave that also have to get under that's
my theory
I'm 17 years old I feel has been laundry
bro he makes me do all my stuff is right
here there's stuff here
oh that's done the loading side the
loaded bad so Sylvia is going to change
it by the way speaking of clothes you
guys can now use the promo code 10 ah
wolf okay one word 10 off wolf to get
10% off purchase of the Losi merchan
that you guys asked I answered I know
all you guys do not have unlimited money
so I try to crack the melt down the
little thing so hopefully you can come
to merge kaveh cotton rich link in the
description so you guys know what to do
ten off wolf let's continue this to it
moving down the line and david reme have
not been in here since we got here david
not be so you know I wanted above I mean
I don't even edible documents yes
Loki's name so de Travis closing your
room okay well I think it's cleaning
ridiculously Xena I'm very surprised oh
it's still in his doing what the hell
and you guys too little outfit setting
my learn tonight shout out these you're
probably being the cleanest person here
but low-key you made the biggest night
downstairs here everything don't hire
you in there
Nerva it should be newer you're going to
come in this room a lot I mean on you I
was going to try and expose you buddy
okay
now enter your own risk this is our I'm
not actually pretty good
check it out guys I swear we're not
usually this messy it's mostly tomorrow
this tonight this is all myself Ali nice
this is all my stuff element this is all
tidied up the garbage I even sold in my
shirt I put all the off wait over there
pretty this little corner here is on my
bed let me tell you guys this was an
absolute tornado this is Sylvia yeah
sure oh here corner Soviet look so
that's what happens when we come into an
air B&B where they're double really
so overall know what I'll give us a
pretty good score I mean I totally know
as the owner of the house i wouldnt want
to come into this house yeah what it
looks like great Kathleen I just
wouldn't want to see what people were
doing about how this is what well aunt
Tilly has all the tunnels over there so
I'll even come on time look at this view
just look at this view at night that we
can do laundry and do the view the same
time we're super efficient guys look at
this drying towels out here drying
shorts out here and we're drying them
out here because if you try them inside
rumor has it that Orion's waves that
type of animal will come by and steal
them and pretend like he never took them
snake there's like weird and amazing so
needs a little time yeah look like
mirrors right here at your corner there
but they're Barrett raccoons and then
we've got this place which we everyone
are told overall we've kept pretty good
but boys please come back okay it's the
first time you've been done ah
don't jump it's fine everyone's Danny
and like what's that even in the hill of
people I say I hate you all we didn't
cut back okay so because the boys are
not here basically I have been pretty
much reacting to every single diss track
you guys have been loving it you've been
smashing the leg but not every single
one of them and today another diss track
has been dropped but this time honestly
not from who I was expecting it to be
from Benji
yeah that's okay Sylvia is going to be
drinking some tea today I'm doing two
astilbe because well like I said the
boys aren't here so Sylvia is going to
be back in Chile yeah your your days I
did not
you don't have the best reaction well
fake reaction okay if you don't know I
don't think Sylvia really knows what's
going on basically there's been some
beef between five-minute que si veggies
terrify his brother know how that yeah
he's kind of be from the side men as
well so this distract which everyone is
for tweeting I'm you today is Tim coming
back at all the side minds head top so I
got this for you guys smash the like
button I'm gonna be brutally honest I
love comedyshortsgamer videos I love
cats as well so let's just get into the
video not really no I'm tired of this
I'm gonna pop it for two seconds
why does the guy that's production of
all yeah it already of your quality but
I just know desi the type of guidance
where every three seconds are you what
all of you want to be like that side can
relate but I'm going to try to just base
it on rap because we always makes it on
that well I'll be you swear a lot on you
and you have to use where words to cover
up for other words it's like I got to
take a point off I mean if I can still
like all I had to it I'll probably like
it alright here we go
what oh my - all the Crown King not
nothing crazy but he was alright humping
baby with it no no no it's coming at you
talking yeah yeah on the bean cake I
know if there's a lot of likes on the
deal and I don't want to be the bearer
of bad news but I listen to a lot of rap
facility it does do it and we just know
obviously it's coming in and pit punch I
got nothing no punch lines yeah it's all
just okay goodness yes all good this is
to distract
but with no
wait on the radio no no I love you Betty
I love you so much your videos are
amazing boy yo buddy quick new McDonald
pig ahem
you are your parents this is big
eyebrows
oh you literally just dust it off big
star real quick and I just like now I'm
calm I'm winning material quick and he's
in your slender looking yam in you
mentor yeah Sylvia doesn't hide you know
the five man okay basically is Simon
cotton okay yeah I mean I'll just judge
the oh my god I like the Lambo been
video like no no no we got to go back
Colleen
look at that line he's like so your
matches drawing mean anything okay sighs
mom bro so your mattress gum bro what
you gonna do
so you think you come at me cuz your
MasterCard get back in the cage I can't
hate each other because it Frank
I I don't know if this is all 100% real
I'm gonna be the first one to say it kid
this is this is just YouTube drama for
reuse but I don't mind either way I'm
going to react to it from here just like
you say we break up for every good for
this title
whoa anyways where you max is gone so
you try to step to me
no okay Josh screaming accurately a
period of color back to my dick big like
don't you ever this that is Daniel's off
and your mom and everyone you you heard
the other gift jacket oh come on
recently yeah
what are you thinking about that in
comparison I think you just had a lot of
anger and this happens like you want for
everyone I'll give it to you JG you
asked me a barrel just like how wide the
charts coming out soon and just like how
I clean off my Lamborghini with merch
using 10 acqua Liana and off wolf in the
description I mean that's just what we
do is just by the merchants no just tell
them to buy some moonshine on a serious
note I know it's pretty I mean it was
pretty decent I don't think it was crazy
but I do think that it's hard to rap
about a billion people at once so I
think it is good job with bang you off
case I'm in your head talk say like the
most hurtful things about anyone to
really are wondering about each person
and imagine what he wants yeah it was it
was gruesome I'm glad I was yeah are you
I would probably go out I don't get
cheese please rainbow me I'm will be
rocks coming back Japan oh yeah I'll
kill I'll kill somebody
so I'm just someone's gonna get somebody
please just write me a check about me
please I just gravity okay alright so
there you guys go
we're going to end the vlog off there
the boys still are back I don't know
where they are at this point and we're
ready we're getting ready to go out
which is why I changed and look miss
okiyo judgment yes it is - sure
we uh yeah Sylvia change go subscribe to
Sylvia's channel you too dark on Cecily
a link in the description go buy my
bread on Wolfie wrath aka my boyfriend
aka if this video hits eighty thousand
likes
miserable sure to dis track about me and
I would probably have to go straight it
so again this track it's like roaches
okay but those tracks I like but any fun
either and she'll drop it
yeah there's a lot of things you could
roast me on let me do it let me do a
line right now okay
a Oh Wolfie alright you smell like
healthy okay I'm not no I will see you
guys soon on the rules where we say
Alyssa my tragic my name
and I always say savage why am I the way
underneath this late Lego yeah go do it
she doesn't know how to do the outro
guys oh she doesn't know how to do the
astronaut actually the outro comment
down below you don't know how to do
honestly you guys do bye
