you guys know what floors these are but
you know he's actually nervous looking
at this he's doing the damage he's
asking for sighs good morning what's
poppin today is a special day because it
is Ryan's waze's birthday reason I am
talking so quiet in the morning he says
we just woke up surprised Ryan you guys
know he likes to save his money and I
like to save my money too but I also
like to spend my money on people I care
about
I don't think Ryan owns any Gucci other
than like the flip-flops he always sees
me going and buying Gucci he never gets
he complains that we go to Rodale all
the time and buy stuff and he can't buy
stuff so today I'm gonna treat my boy
I'm gonna buy Ryan Gucci so what I need
you guys to do before today's vlog
because it's a special vlog is go down
and smash that like button let's hit 35
thousand likes and I want everyone to
spam comment happy birthday rice waves
on this vlog right now okay pause the
video go do it right now that's a thirty
five thousand likes let's get anyways
I'm gonna do a fake intro for the vlog
good morning wolf Pam what are you doing
that's good what are you doing you're
the birthday boy bro birthday boy how do
you feel oh do you hold as hell but it's
okay guys just in life it's about it's
about the memories
it's just birthday today summer says
happy birthday it's your birthday buddy
anyways guys we are about to go and
start the day it's gonna be lit today so
that's how I feel about birthday
cleaning so Maurice which we have we
already said you're here party said oh
no our given message you that if you go
to Ryan's high school and you curve in
high school yes no you're irrelevant and
though every thought
Chris bleep out those names so looks are
you saying someone what do you mean she
has a guy children so guys in the next
couple of weeks there's gonna be a lot
of special guests coming to the clown
host one of which is coming today
I don't know if you guys know him but
I'll give you a hint you guys can
comment down below who you think it is
they are brothers with someone who was
just in a huge boxing match on that's
that's for the others well no that could
technically be three people yeah he's
pretty he's funny he's not tall he's
funny he's like medium tallness and and
he's very loud and he games any games so
he's coming and then in the next two
weeks there's gonna be also more people
that are coming there's a duo not gonna
leak their names but just know the next
couple weeks are good we're getting
breakfast right now Ryan wanted solar so
we're going to get so it's gonna wake me
up get my coffee addiction early but you
know where I saw this baby cup I was
like this can be mine or is the design
on top bro I know we're starting the day
off
hi Chris I even this guy says that all
right Gunnar Gary Schutt bro look at
that
guys quick stop I think I'm just gonna
cop a Ferrari real quick for the squad
they fixed up my car so I don't know
which one to pick guys which one do you
like you like the silver one the white
one or the red one I fit in Ferraris I'm
just kidding guys Frasier is here he's
joining the club guys Frasier is about
to like do some next he's joining the
rental club I'm no longer team rental as
of tomorrow I should have the new car so
get excited about that video they have
every car here they got Mercedes
they got the gt3 shoutout to my dad your
favorite car buddy every car you
can want on my old favourite car Mini
Cooper I'll never get that car my life
Jesus Frasier is literally buying Ryan a
car for his birthday driving it's all
big slow go check it out
it's not fake at all this guy actually
bought him a car I'm gonna have to
really buy a lot of gucci to step up to
this he doesn't even know him that well
and he copied my bag Frasier is pissing
me off bro he's in spies he inspecting
your car so much why is he inspecting
your car so much I need to go to the
driving school store like it's good we
can clean it the other week Silvia come
here surprise you in the Lambo oh you
want it I'm not your to broker down to
Brooklyn have you tired of not not now I
would only do it if it was real but
I don't have enough money for that
anymore CPMs are down surprising my
girlfriend with a new car yo here goes
but inside the Lambo no now actually you
get the Mini Cooper you get the Mini
Cooper yo you get the Mini Cooper
imagine new car here you go
you guys know what floors these are
Brian is uncomfortable as shopping for
Gucci
he's never been so stressed looking out
like a wall of shoes in his life he's
usually sitting in this chair you can
see his butt in debt but you know he's
actually nervous looking at this but
let's see what he gets you know stay
away from the boots eh already moving up
stairs you know everything's double the
phrase up here guys this is why you
should have me on snapchat I mean it's
on the side of both screens I wolf your
apps on snapchat or just the wolf emoji
but just know they hate but I film at
Gucci so I'm just snapping to keep it
local if you guys ever want to see me do
some crazy this where you do it oh my
god I've never seen this one yeah yeah
yeah I might caught this for myself I
caught this myself you know banks is
freaking hates these shoes are you
kidding me I have one question what the
Carly's why did they make a dog into a
shoe
why did he choose 95 percent fur and how
much are they well happy why are they so
expect none he's doing the damage he's
asking for the size it's official no no
no he didn't bring socks
I didn't bring socks are you kidding me
realize is not one of those places bro
they had to provide him with
socks
does it fit do they fit let me see oh
yeah new member of the Gucci gang you
hold up your foot which was you get
which ones yeah you got them you got a
may you're buying them yeah okay so
we're just leaving the Gucci store
picked up some stuff I got multiple
things for this guy just showed you the
shoes you want to see the rest follow me
on snapchat wolf your app see this is
good friendship thank you for a while
I'm not about that $20 gift certificate
life thousand a Gucci on you had 30,000
likes and I'll spend more on his
birthday
trust me bro I think ahead of the smash
the like button if you wanted to give
back more you know maybe like surprise
some homeless dude with Gucci oh my gosh
I don't know whatever you want
especially but let's at 35,000 anyways
now bank accounts hurting a bit probably
need to leave the disrespect I just
bought this got thousands of dollars of
shoes he's in a another store what I
came through birthday boy has too much
 romnod irony carpet just got
stuck yeah yeah I'm surprised they have
the section in here
Balenciaga flex so hard they sell the
bags they bag up it goes with a zipper
to UM constrast
this is written on your brand new so
strong ticky oh my god this piggy is
amiss yeah
you look like a goof at it bro holy geez
off wait really stepping up their
branding expanding to some next for this
they got the champion collab in here too
oh my god and they got a bunch of other
crazy stuff too bad I'm not getting him
any of it Omari why did you return your
 fancy huh thank you Lord
guys we are done we're done shopping
he's got a Barney's bag where's the
Barney's bag at materialistic but
Charles once again thank you so much
only my life I should only my life
because I work too but hey t Malvo you
guys played yourself not being here
otherwise birthday Wolfie nice guy
Wolfie would be buying you anyways we're
on the way back home now every time I
have to be home at a certain time
because I have to upload a vlog for you
guys it's all for you guys so I'm kind
of stressed because I'm running late
yoyoyo Paris London no get it get it get
it
this is banks they're attacking banks oh
my god all right wolf ma'am so basically
now we are headed off to a secret
location that I cannot show you too much
about because banks is gonna make it a
private location he's gonna hide money
there a lot of money it's gonna be on
his channel but your special guest has
now showed up guys today we have a
special guest in the house banks yo come
here bro yo rice the second loudest
youtuber in the game I'm the loudest you
do the intro now call me Jonas gave her
daddy's in the house guys you had to
pull up so this week beep can ready the
vlogs are about to be crazy but we're
going to cheesecake for this guy's
birthday boy I got you on the food guys
it's actually good to see you rice is
using my shovel for the greater good the
supreme shovel is now getting used to
bury the cat thank God never use the
gifts I give them so no yeah it's yours
jeez Brooke you got it guys we are on
route to the location don't know
where we're going right now banks
literally just told me he's like
plugging the GPS and drive and bring the
shovel we have we have the shovel okay
we got the shovel we're making lots of
turns guys it's very late at night right
now so this is kind of sketchy
just know that there's a lot of people
involved in planning this out so it's
gonna be very hard to find his money but
I cannot wait to see tomorrow so in
tomorrow's vlog it's gonna be insane
we're at the location
ya know there's snakes everywhere Rose
when the guys roll down here the body's
on in there
Oh Sylvia yeah you're here for Ryan's
birthday guys thought I wanted no no no
chill I have one question bro it's
important come here come here come here
come here come here
do you think that the clothes in this
store made well or not your friendship
when Sylvia wish me a happy birthday I
put a lot of laughing pieces and I
checked the text of the kiss bro so I
wanted I said it's friend there's a run
on what what a bunch of oh jeez one kiss
was just in the video I was like I'm
texting you 36 girlfriends at you huh 37
to be on earth is you just met a new
around the club last night who's
happening anyways you want to talk I'll
talk to them right away
krazy-8 you're not even in this
conversation how many girlfriends is
Ryan I have no friends but 47 47 K
Alyssa just verified how many
girlfriends Ryan asked yeah Ryan's
weighs 65 oh if your eyes got one
girlfriend
that's plus 65 66 if your girlfriend and
you're watching ins not he's cheating on
you what same table at Cheesecake two
weeks in a row and I look sexy as well
Hey ladies
I mean I have a girlfriend guys I had to
come back after Frasier got these the
first time you put me on the buffalo
glass these things are crack these are
the best things I've ever had in my life
no no you know spicy for you okay you're
black stay away from my chicken
I did that run literally guys I did that
run and I am falling apart my body is
aching in pain right now I'm trying to
hold it together after I just ate
food if I get pushed my bones I look -
they're about to break so I'm dying I
just need to freaking take some Advil
and passed them but like I said guys
special guests are showing up all this
week to the cloud house it's gonna be
insane is gonna be so much - going down
bankses treasure hunt is gonna be in
tomorrow's vlog so I'm gonna go to that
in the morning I pick up my car tomorrow
so much is going down so you do not want
to miss any of the vlogs wolf em it's
gonna be insane on that note I'm gonna
end the vlog off here
Ryan end the vlog off this fast oh I
love you guys so much
smash that like button let's hit 35,000
legs if you stay to the very end of the
vlog and I want you guys to comment if
you stayed to this part of the blog
comment down below
wake up birthday boy wake up birthday
boy and I will be commenting back to
some of you guys to do that because this
past though he made my room and absolute
mess I'm done for the day I'm about to
kill on his bed and I will see you guys
soon are more Wolfie will we stay a
little bit just a little bit more sours
on my main channel and as always stay
savage Lego
