good morning AoE efficient werewolf II
welcome back to more we'll see it's a
beautiful day smash the like button if
you guys are excited for another vlog
you got Samuel here we got Bongo here
and they're just watering my plants I
told them just simmer down on how much
water they use because we're trying to
save the environment low key but we are
heading out right now another day
another day of we have no destination so
we're just going so enjoy with me wolf
am let's get it here
posting up at the Grove Sylvia's showing
our Bongo showing how over the Grove is
guys the shopping here is great but it's
not rodeo Joe is the Grove Oh gross
thank you girl
Rosa let's go me you think that's nice
in here the girl is old boys and girls
the only reason it's nice here is
because of the vibes of music and the
atmosphere but everything we have in
Canada so it's Hannibal but I will tell
you what's not oh this semi-decent
looking view of the Grove you can kind
of see for the past is over there and
little mountains in the background but
mainly roof top but technically the roof
rooftop is rooftop terrace so I mean can
model if you model this if you'll feel
it Nile the view is not old guys I'll
tell you this we have not accomplished
much today
feel like la is a very like place where
you just go and kick it a lot there's a
lot of like posting up and I feel like
I'm not as productive in LA and I'm very
I'm trying my hardest to be but it's
hard in LA
tired sorry two beautiful letters
tonight and like look at you we have yet
to go to the beach house this time
well guys honestly the beach is like
something I did the first and second
time I came here and I'm just not a PGI
anymore I don't really care about the
beach so we should just go to like a
resort
did you go to Hawaii or something you're
going to comment down below where you
want me to leave it go for any trip
because we're trying to plan some places
get out of Ottawa as much as possible so
maybe if you wanted to go to Bora Bora
it's not like but if you want us to go
on vacation to Hawaii wherever you want
to make us name it and even Mexico we'll
go to so comment down below hit the like
button and we will make it happen I'm
finding that summer I need a vacation
guy's life is tres la is not somewhere
where it becomes alike coat the BH and
hang out early I feel like there's also
skorsky things to do here so we need to
go somewhere Travis I am so losing my
patience with you yeah
I'm here with my boy bang what and me
banks and racers want to go to costume
store we have supplies to pick up as a
surprise happening tonight alright guys
so we are out here now we are in the
store getting supplies for the music
video right in case I are going to shoot
the man race is bringing up money
spending checks you already know it okay
someone's calling money's calling in all
times banks just left us I don't know
where this guy went but we're going to
grind all day today so get exciting for
today's vlog you are you excited right
well that will fail like this video like
this video
let's hit 50,000 likes as uh just
because I like my life that's why so
guys I found something I want to bring
to the boys house oh this is where we
sit upon we qua this is a present for
your house I'll buy for you guys
basically don't like Ouija boards so
I'll copy a combo yeah okay okay we're
going to film this tonight got now we're
not going to film this tonight honest
dad I don't mess with Ouija boards well
I can't be confident you know you won't
break the mirror would believe this I
won't fire that's a fireplace glass up
incident year say no more fingers I'm
hiddenness bro this is the best title of
everything on your seniors phablet I'll
get just that on the broken dude a Ouija
board on the book that's a fire but it's
going to harm me Mike I'm coughing I'm
coughing gross please I'm going to get
this it's right to break the mirror on
the Ouija board it used I love that's
fine I'm going to haunt the house
forever let's get it it's real room bro
just okay okay I'll just hand the camera
home are you sure I'll get it I'll get
it when you guys know about this 2015
trend goddamn hoverboard boosted board
we have here on the board's waiting
we're about to film bang for the main
channel so stay tuned for that guys it's
going to be insane just go back to the
crib and obviously if we're in LA that
means it's a beautiful day Shh what just
watching a bunch of pussies play some
pool bro I hate to watch people that
suck a pool it's crazy go it's insane to
watch people that fuck it rule though
great Miss Holly you're just breathing
without catch it Oh drop off shut it to
this man for helping me out bro co-op
the mango follow this man near this
video for you know I didn't edit if you
don't edit you though I know if you
don't head I do at it I do edit after
lannister sold it no he did some
location and then art my enemy in there
yo bang shut up
bang
leaving by a car
what gravy in the Navy little baby I
know your intro and you call your fans
rap oh right coming can tire with me oh
I was a while in my girlfriend yes it is
Alyssa Fievel fine fine
me and Ian banks have a little bit of
beef but we'll pray to 100
know that out of these four keys okay
Ariel :
hey I decided what we have
well Yolo guys exposing Bongo be Shane's
video long Jesus if you guys think he
did this video in one day it was
multiple days it took him a long time to
do it literally failed so he's waiting
for it to freeze right now we're just
posted at the baseball you don't know
what we're doing tonight but I mean we
never know we're doing something lit
Brian shut up god Brian shut the fuck up
David what are you doing he not what
brand is your shirt tell the viewers
grow Gucci watch no it's not tell those
years they want to know what it is
blizik I go Kendall you guys know what
Kendall is my that's a shame comparison
apparently it's the designer brand
agenda better called oil come back here
k alright okay got the out way great
Louis you're gonna make us a barbecue
these are you making us like just kind
of barbecuing us and everything
the okie barbecue bro we're just making
barbecue so we finally figured that
we're going to do basically me and the
man to you up are going to go and banks
and a list are also coming we're going
to go get some behind-the-scenes shot
because there is some insane music video
being sorry now pea and rice are
dropping heat or rice needs an outfit so
if this dude's picking out his outfit
from boyfriend goes boyfriend gold so
we're getting the outfit and then we out
but I'm a teleport because we can do
that in the vlog so let's get it here
we're almost ready to go check this
outfit this is the outfit of choice
going on right now guys some jeans some
supreme camel hoodie puffs outfit right
geez I wish I was that swaggy I
literally just wish I was a Scalini but
you know this hat has way so show it to
him I definitely meant to teleport in
the last scene so I'm going to get on
now right now let's get it we just
pulled up to the first location or no
the second location of the night but we
don't hear any rapping so I don't know
if this is the right spot wait please
you're going to feel all over fall this
is a way to steal are clever to see the
big guy summers vlogging Alyssa's not
vlogging banks not blogging imma be
vlogging
yeah with that camera shop yup doesn't
know where's your camera
all the cameras are out I know I know I
went about my camera way I'll be back
and it's like YouTube edited you know
like okay okay he got out first before
for so much how much guys some worth
learning I'll give her that time we're
gonna learn but we're gonna find ksi
right like he has the same jacket I
relationship will totally he'll help us
out workout get you a girl that works
out you know what I mean couples that
work out work out you know featuring my
girlfriend Alyssa violet the militant
with a milk I just Vienna scenes we had
to be quiet on set because they're
filming right now it right behind the
scenes behind the scenes of a music
video yes I cheese yeah summers walking
to sorry I might take it off his bed yo
you know how to videos like speaking
ahead this guy this dude is getting paid
to eat and get pushed your madman case
what have you done
the pilot named very serious famiglia
beasties run run I will be back okay all
the different lighting on the friggin
panel though the goddamn that's nice
gracious which fits your rights what
hoodie are you wearing oh babe yes babe
jeez why is it head poking looking at
be another one first can i strange a
page from the models and the cars that
you know taser featuring my girlfriend
I'm only in the video to throw up the
paper that's the only reason I'm in this
video we're going up the phase well
learn how to do it but oh okay I'm good
I'm good let's get it Oh
I'm looking up at Loyola summers like
smiling milk the videos like final sake
it's a wrap the rats or rabbits or it's
a wolf your app to wolf your app how do
you feel about the video video thank you
for pulling up on it bro anytime you
like the video yeah I liked the video
guys be excited it's going to be the
break the Internet
hi guys so in the car right now we're
going to crave late-night food featuring
banks and his girlfriend
hose work meal geez look at this burger
you got the prize a burger guy let's go
gets better as the line goes out here
thanks pretty are we to be honest and
that is that guys I was behind the
scenes we got food it was lit now I'm
waiting for the uber to come sister pick
me up cuz I gotta go back to their BM
you see if the boys are up if they're up
I'm a screw around with him if they're
not up I'm gonna screw around with them
either way I'm gonna screw on it forget
it
eh my dude Peter rolling up so guys I
think there is somebody wanted in the
hills because there's been cop cars
driving around the whole time we've been
doing back so I'm gonna keep a lookout
to see if we can find anybody running in
the hills it just kind of creepy though
lucky I caught literally just rolled by
us speak of the devil hold up King
what's going on
tell me I smell it buzzing Sami Sami -
Clarkson in town by the carny home
widget this is perfect yeah all right
axe possible ticket I don't know if you
guys could hear me in the uber but what
I was trying to say is that this bird
driver was playing loud tracks
what okay hold on that might be raccoons
here there was literally baby raccoons
running here all yesterday and the day
before so I'm kind of sketched make loud
noises I'm shook anyways basically he
was playing good music but because the
connection in the hill was so bad on the
radio that oh I thought I saw a raccoon
Elmo shot myself the music quality was
terrible didn't like he would turn it
off it was so fuzzy the whole ride home
so I'm kind of stressed about that but
we back and I don't see any legs on so I
don't think any of the boys are awake is
the door open
doors locked oh yes bongos answer really
please I'm stressed guys friggin Bongo
is the only one awake and this guy let
me in so I couldn't mess with him Brian
his door lock and David has a door lock
so I couldn't mess with them and then
look at Julia I cannot mess with this
girl she's passed out on the bed she's
so exhausted so left her makeup on she
always takes it off before bed so that's
how I know she's done it because it's
still on but look at how doped is you
literally nighttime views Hibs oh my god
overlooking the hills ridiculous wants
to cross on the way home so I'm kind of
shook so I'm going to go inside lock up
and end the vlog off right there if you
enjoyed the day you already know what to
do go down and smash that like button
35,000 likes on this vlog you guys got
five seconds they hit it with your nose
five four three two one boom I hope you
guys hit it stay tuned for more awesome
vlogs get ready because we haven't left
LA yet and there is still I don't know
if you can see it but there is still my
bed over the pool down there so we got
to prank someone in their sleep so I'm
gonna I don't know how I'm going to do
it yet but I'm going to like make sure
that one of them can't lock their door
I'm going to duplicate a key to open the
door because someone before we leave la
I promise is going to be on that thing
on the bed in the pool asleep Carling
down below off because you guys already
know we go off on the light and I was
guys doing harm or wolfy where we stay
just a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always thanks Irish
that go you
