and your future will be welcome back
tomorrow whoopee dad dad dad daddy go
back all right Logan Paul taking your
car
you guys went down a few times here here
so today I'm back with Ryan sweet
embargo giggles here
and today's you guys seem to love these
reactions you seem to love the drama we
are still working on to this track but
just know there's more drama so if you
guys don't know smack the like button or
the drama will never end or it's like
the drama it will continue he's much
like my song 85 second time or eight -
no way anyone's your nose hurry up Jake
today we are reacting to two songs one
by bazinga gasps oh no bazinga member of
sidemen - by que s√≠ or no not my case I
wrote a shop don't know Rorschach yes
maverick assignment assignment
oh yes I meant uh oh
basically what's one that you guys
analytical Baxter is ksi has left
assignment okay don't know if it's
landowner look not plan take you a cape
aliens a posting and didn't ask a letter
because I mean it's an old personal
business you know so we don't know the
fit okay we don't know but what we do
know is that there was two diss tracks
dropped both on ksi and race gum okay so
we're going to listen to porzingis first
because it came out first and then we
are going to listen to Rosa shot after
and I'll give you a reaction you guys
know we don't want to be biased we only
judge it off of the flow the bars and
honestly just the overall modernist of
the song to us all right fact so if you
guys haven't subscribe to both my boys
channel sorry yeah what are you doing
what does it goddess peace his on his
face the URL look at you moving it still
there yeah it's me keep crying right
there but we'll be getting it see Isaac
goes to the upcoming double your cousin
doesn't kind of now all throw away all
right let's get into the reactions a
single first on your head
piacere
just a whip in the background oh I can
already tell it's gonna be UK grand
floor yet you have my tunnel you dingus
gene what about you - Odin okay father
the guys do mistakes are made in the
perfect birthday when everything goes
wrong in your life you picking on me Oh
King climbing stuff to pick up making
whoopee
you don't be mean calm down that's a
British blockade so they're saying just
because K ie irrelevant you get the most
views except we still make more walking
you you said really
we're businessmen I don't actually just
a million well I mean I don't know how
it makes it but I mean I'm sure you have
the latest hide money because I know
that is a lot of money T video if you
had a Lambo so good to have you hired I
don't know if I asked yes I think he
might still have it
why what do you not have ID I don't know
there might be bursting scree on board
some chips anyway this is an old flow
yeah I know your own dodgy storms
exactly and on the drive and I didn't
expect that from you being a soggy that
these I think of this mystical take a
base of the tablets computable okay me I
said no girlfriend wait you only got me
something do you pray to study her
school know you're the best person okay
before so I try to separate someone
discreet woman even got some old to make
my job not it sorry you don't do this
ready I am today my mistake it settles
would fade away fade away to be Plato
even course how much is a bad point
Pro you've actually presented pretty big
a take any hospital
I don't want your big not whatever see
you better some shoppers you want to
panic or you want okay
there we go there was there ah what a
sorta Rambo all I confront a new card
and he's okay I don't know you're means
that I don't know how can you know what
do these entities does I don't know me
and the Lambo is realistically like what
four or five goes on a back door yeah
so that's like okay time series Essex
Indians Canadian in many morrow
well Canadian up I did it okay if I make
this guy's what some might say that he
said that oh we got on water feed bro I
hear saying got me but I don't want it
it's like it's like if you just carry
100,000 likes and Ryan will write it
Charlie distress cause it doesn't like
my blaze nation I'll stop return birds
on the Wolfman I want to see that cuz
I'm gonna really to try or ever like I'm
ready to this drug control and I'm
continuing on everyone dies if you want
everything if you were on my relying
always to write a diss tracks mashallah
King Varian broke with Zynga you were
not on my radar now that you're in this
whole scheme
I like your song Bach come track so I
should rule that I need to do this
pretty little thing
we'll use this Thomas dumping me sorry
oh my god Kevin box how you do don't be
doing crime
occasion what do you think it I think we
need to go back in my life yeah there's
a fuck now have a box I would you don't
insist on something he thought it on
right from my boys requires you know
seven months oh I think he did straight
come back in the day yeah I think he did
the trains come back in the day and I
raised him responded so that must be but
that's about as you don't keep going
promise
and then cheer people get from the
webpage boy that's the British king he
dries on the other side Sally we read
bad but anyways um to draw to a little
key just like yo it wasn't me bro
someone had to shoot it and colleges in
the whip so we all hate your guts to and
rope you ruin obviously you all get in
the whip and I'm just like yeah how did
you get farmer to get with your all this
that my you got another song a little
talk I don't know a hundred thousand
ways it's easy these days
chill chill to get $100,000 and everyone
really nothing to lean off we came to
play offices yes the shelves suggestive
table chair
take oh okay so that's the first one
overall pots all giving it authenticity
that comes up from here we good
anger you got my respect after that one
bro the flow was better than little bars
yeah yeah but the pole was like you came
like you'd listen to a lot of you yeah
yeah and for that bro I really do a and
if you are gonna kind of thing that was
not good girl because I was actually get
you kids are okay what did camp is just
go right ki is kind of ago but we'll
move on to the next song w2s and sucks
up is the title holy cheese with the
Redrum and KFI this people are coming
out right yeah we're coming at ksi ones
later style colors yeah apparently
that's coming up to you guys seen the
tweets oh geez alright here we go
starting the next one ah obviously what
is the other direction to cash out some
excitement on the Xia dongs video to
make underwater music
I'm stressed we can't grow if this was
planned what we drop to the chart is
city noises know this guy ksi Seidman
dis track of this house
well it's art no it's not why don't we
do this if it leaked not as to sake the
only 6 oz of you here no no I'm not on
holidays ago that's big oh oh I think it
was just at the end of his ray of his
like we're saying goodbye oh and then he
put it at the end hold up Lola you might
not have done our research
all right we're watching some mud on
YouTube friggin annoying me viola
hold on school kids like Sharon are
getting could be quick it wasn't on go
DJ / k ki the sluice that was leaving
time in the sky pad I don't need them
pieces look at Rick if I can treat them
Jesus speaking about them going
please don't email no so this is what he
came out present my kid I'm not gonna
lie to even watch that video yet but God
put some professionally shot stuff I'm
sure it's gonna be a hit oh my god what
camera is this what heart oh well now we
can order okay if I and grace I love you
guys great job you guys
you guys actually are good guys
any up not no matter of drawing me
McConville any of information we have to
wait for most rate hold the structural
bolt into the first male with it to get
the things architects son from you wanna
see you still after Tommy Harper more
than half the whole thing because the
whole thing it has any slash camp
entertainment no please these are the
guys but you didn't make me cool
barbecue something would be coming on
three weeks multi million people didn't
like it but they already oh okay Ronnie
your new singles off get off no time
when the pie dough mother you're gonna
get you more cons any other you wouldn't
wish you had any model that is kind of
like money what that is rap career
just like finish in that video put in my
little bro come on oh this is this is
the G 0 yeah like every line is like oh
you didn't sell you didn't touch you
guys gonna flop I'm jerking off and you
didn't make that that's a whiny have you
darted to the either baby yeah it's like
make a great trust outside member Baum
here and you just make that up
Ypres that be going Wow too big like
just reason you poverty map our
mythology must be especially
anything with your attorney trying
harder from internal why he's a
world-renowned get away yes I got pretty
clever like paying with your shit
besides pray daddy's got Hakeem
JJ zombies no regard of it in my life
mr. Freeman Kaiba you're our hero I'm
sorry member remember you're talking to
money
your own but your other bag need that
money completely destroy all right so I
think that's it what do you guys need
what happened do you think it went hard
of the procedures or I think like bar
wise yet more wine you just took like
emotional shut it up yeah I yeah yeah
yeah why did you say that I gotta go I
would probably rather like bump bazinga
in the car because I think the beat was
harder yeah and I think some of the
lines are like some lines are all right
yet ones are tough
that one the beat was like a classic
yeah but I mean every line is like you
suck yeah oh and then I thought kiss I
thought seen so many likes less dislike
Dylan and so many dislikes
oh my holy bro this guy's got a fanbase
to God Mizzou I think that it leads us
intermediate even this race no me no but
he said the one line that linked him at
the end
he's like actually that was kind of a
booster a Cobra's egg yolk all right so
I've got more a frigging dream venue and
like a little bit of time potion so I
think that just leads me to buy this
track and it doesn't making traps like
one if you want to see that it is coming
soon I promise wolf am I in a thousand
lifestyle job hundred thousand
he will drop it on me Carter thousand
likes and he will drop one on you and me
I will be more of a tropical kind of
distress it'll feel like a love song do
a love song like slow Drake kind of buzz
off yes all right so smacks I like when
if you want to see - all right down
below
I mean tell us a common this time will
they want us to dismiss it oh yeah who
they wanted to dismiss your track um
some of the top youtubers obviously Jay
Paul's gotta get it lowly's gotta get it
any priors got to get it bazinga dollars
to get it bro - ah great content has to
get it right I love you to death
you gotta get it JJ great guy you gotta
get it maybe on the short video make
sure it's gamer haven't really won yet
you haven't you gotta get it there's
gonna be so many people they just have
to get it I'm sorry I didn't want to do
with you but I mean when you go
irrelevant you're just swinging in the
air one of the functions a little bland
you know one subscriber to wise if you
haven't already
youtube.com platform will be to
youtube.com slash Brantley's ladies and
there's wolf on your heads again right
here yeah move all you want link in the
description go subscribe to them and
just bring up and subscribe to them
right now because you will not want to
miss when they drop their distracting
out sometime soon soon another baby
already shut up shut up will feel wack
you have white hat black you that love
color look like you did oh very ryan
sweet okay see you guys happy
