I know witches will be welcome back
tomorrow see guys your favorite earrings
on my old channel gets the most place
reviews we're doing another reaction
video today Jake pauses throughout the
YouTube stars dislike chase balls drop
the YouTube stars diss tracks back in
the day when I was relevant on YouTube
and I was considered a youtube star I
have a little sent to me these days
unless unless relevant upstairs or those
of you this much I'm gonna come up
brother
come on baby we're on the comes down Oh
what's not to like button if you guys
are excited to this video let's give you
are getting five seconds to smash it
with your little finger let's go 5 4 3 2
this is it get into it alright but we
are working on the diss track we're
currently in the mall all exciting news
will keep going it a time to go tuned
because I told you guys like on our last
video on a thousand we do it I'm not
lying
we're going to get it done excellent to
be perfect so stay tuned for that is up
a little preview of us did not so them
you cannot do that you're going to go
can't call YouTube started track it's
got a bunch of big youtubers in the
title come specifically not me because
I'm not a regular anymore
we have my dude right come in the
inverter right school right go beautify
HP a three-mile uh Logan of course
Alyssa and bra can try take my back on
guy we hope you enjoyed this video let's
get into it wait before you start yeah
okay we get it
you're on the same jacket is coming with
average yeah materialistic I the best
materialistic
it was about what's on the inside
anyways we always react super not taking
any sides except I might take one to
size this video here we go
this isn't a distrust it's a message to
all news and hey Jake so then why is
there the title it's a dead shark if you
do it alright
this is a final over bidding of that
quality that oh this is a VAT that ain't
in the news hangman pressure huh
Oh necklace take well don't you just get
wrapping from us in there I'll take me
down Jesus they want me to look all
right so forth I'm just doing I want to
possibility times where I'm assuming
this is a message to the new stations
and everyone they're trash talking about
a daily basis it oh and it's a message
to them saying yo leave me alone
I'm a human - they want me a little bit
- guys at the end of the day we all have
our ups we ever down bring it you all
but we all be are using foreign editions
do you know what it works
do you know what type of car driving
with you the boss what correct 10 110
someone or whatnot
well Eddie tomorrow - hang on the name
of it that's what you call me topple
over you know the name of it three two
one blood shock you do okay but you
y'all you're here but in the moods of
this car and all the conceived eyes how
about the stuff he does to the community
Oh me in a line it don't know the pain I
know the pain
with Minami so he's doing good deeds
okay when I was with the teacher our
teacher okay let's go okay Lee then
she's chained oh so he met make-a-wish
gave out food to kids yeah talked his
friends through suicide which is amazing
the Jake polish so honestly Jamie and
all you hear about in this garden I
asked that's exactly less than the joke
what all these dolls YouTube shows you
all the suggestions all the suggested
videos on YouTube are his new card but
he is a person bro there is a lot of Jay
Paul haters out there I'm not one of
them on one of the biggest Jake callers
at the end of the day
first of all kids like 20 or 21 years
old and young king rich he's doing a
great job herself he's a business mogul
okay so you can hate all you want but
where was y'all at when he was getting
our t-shirts you were not necessary like
almost 200k it's like what what's the
why I thought that's kind of oh I give
it like I followed my money my way what
they dislike haha
okay put it this way Jake I support
would I support your movements obviously
there's a lot of controversial stuff
behind you but at the end of the day bro
you're making moves so keep it up okay
so he's like oh I show you my brother's
restore
Oh doesn't roll over yeah yeah sorry for
my board is apologizing business my
growth to this business me the kitchen I
know you can immediate you note that
Achilles you will know one game continue
now compute I want your Ryan what do you
mean by his game skipping all offensive
tip inverse are you thinking nigga here
yeah yeah I'm going Scottie Pippen Alex
oh not actually no offense will not
nominal says but Scottie Pippen was low
to be the second to Michael Jordan so
your game is second oh you take me art
because Beauty bags but Logan's are
asking a subset oh whoa whoa so yes
David you guys did your who that what
what's you don't ever change okay come
on come clean about them please go after
there's coming decipher delirious I
thought it said my game in Potomac diet
no Brody's let's do this again listen to
this again I know you can immediately
help that Achilles you know my game
picture then it's like no this is nature
that's not throwing it all here
yeah only this yeah yeah yeah leaving
what critics yeah you got fish that
missing is I could man novice I know my
games them and be world with you good
I'm stressed now if you let it slide but
that line I kind of hard no though I
think but what is just right these are
the other things like hey you can hit on
me with your nose I know that I'm doing
it right you know what killing it he's a
long city trees you know I wasn't really
good on the line because you know I
didn't pursue okay then you know I was
mrs. Duncan and you know you know but
shots were the best data they were
Watari more of a middle road you know
don't you know my opinion of the summer
doing good thank you and you will know
that you get got me a big chill but I
got a seven I love the jumper right
there you talking about his vine dates
which one when you're 17 and enjoy the
world oh yeah hey man the bogan whatever
just solo dolo months G Jake busy you
killing the game bro no matter what
Selena last day you wanna bitches burn
are they trying to play nice Danny Nandi
is overdue with the new station back on
okay
semia pull up from the single district
oh yeah this is physical but we know
even you got the title for the economy
via webcast oh my god or is up on the
road of taking the shoes okay two
different shoes pt-109 the cream white
on the left are unveiled on itunes what
if I got a prescription to that um I
think we should watch it again I think
she watch it three more times I'll repay
you we did cookie but why you watching
it I know can we decide to take him for
oh yeah he moved a lot of time maybe
he'll be good then what we lose well you
love me because I only want I just have
to lie to it yeah I mean it the fact
that they said they want a minute news
so that's what one tape that's what I
was it sure it is
anyway guys basically the whole point of
this music video and I am I promise Li I
don't want to take a billion times but I
respect your hustle
Jacob Grimes jake has grown this
business team 10 to the mock no Drizzy
so delighted you for their continued why
did you want to watch that one act that
way
come on I go what I want those clothes
they don't see that W K all right now
everyone has to sit because we're kind
of like stuck in a month everyone to say
one negative thing Oh bro I'm just one
day get all of it okay
go I respect this shit at Jay Paul's
garden but there's no cream G in the
target and he picked up the phone and
shit I'm just like yeah they reflect one
here
nobody that Chi I have nothing negative
not a single name there's nothing
negative Oh jinkies love great guy I'm
going with a dumbbell if we need to go
constructive criticism on it just the
whole concept of filming in a grocery
store I feel like it so irrelevant to
the whole clans video but I feel like it
was a rut I feel like it was a wrestling
you didn't get it
what shit wonder yeah what it's
metaphorical yeah I thought it explains
maybe because we sing it on our ends our
Twitter well you don't warm in real life
yeah they are not you he goes the first
part together we knew exactly four words
relevant so good so why don't you throw
on the toilet yeah you should because
he's a normal dude everyone has to go to
the grocery store to get the food to eat
to provide for you if that is the
concept behind it and it's like going
over land about to provide food onions
you guys are saying or now if you're
asking what soon as I go I'll give you
unlimited free jerky if you build in the
grocery store holes no not read it
chamber logic you said you know my
thanks chillin so what my man's gotta
eat
so he's buying every food and honestly
no I really irate the hurry to vehicle
enhancer so then you guys go you can
start bugging me okay to react to it
could be reacted to it Master like what
if you are excited from this chart
community even though I love that one
very much
you got to do what you got to do so
comment on everyone's head talk comment
down below who you want to add who you
want us to diss in the diss tracks you
just add in the description you're
getting related Harry that guy's laugh
I'm trouble at the Eternity head top and
come with a nice wait everyone get some
good um subscribe to both my random
youtube.com security please I can
economize Ryan's ways they need it guys
it was a rough time on YouTube CPMs are
down user down everything Dallas bit of
oil Twitter and grow up you buy the
jacket I'm broken broken and I wait wait
wait wait we lose
director what you look slim enough yet
you playing it I got like three boat
back niggas now eggs in my my don't you
make me grow this decoders hangout you
guys gonna move
I always feel this is more happy
Halloween show so yeah only say sounds
like those one Bell g-god peace
