good break good morning Aeolus
Christopher will welcome back to another
la vlog we are going to a spot is called
like the mecca restaurant Yelp Dave
actually negotiated with me and Ryan
because this place I feel like it's just
like a regular spot usually Yelp Dave
takes it to some Mexican possibly have
no cool we're going to eat but me and
Ryan are happy with this pic we it's
pretty good look at this no smoking we
just parked at Valley Valley a cost of
two bucks on sale bluesy heya there's
some karaoke fence Loki or David am
already kind of smash the like button if
you're excited for another la vlog let's
do they got by the way I want to hit
thirty five thousand likes minimum so go
down hit that like one yell babies
a okay she take this line it sounds like
we eating good everybody eating good we
chin good and hold on focus do Ryan look
at the Baba show it's all my Harbor
Hotel fans you guys know what it is and
shelter Ryan for confusing the Asian guy
who work here because whatever I wanted
to what mine looks like that but I don't
know how we're going to see where I got
on his face because he has a terrible
like he's not yet ordering self the guy
they wanted like 10 things at once
so leisure he'd get all right how do you
almost got David meal oh he was trapped
here the moment of truth was that guy
walks out of here with your food I want
to feel look online safe hope you guys
are cooking with blossoms like but you
only have pots i music it your neck out
of the noose
I just wanted right you're really a soup
was with a people you know yo-yo
basically well no no no no yes this is
good it's good trust gesture Oh shopping
at Target is a little boring when you
actually shot but when you do there it's
kind of fun we should be for this first
stop and target is to get the duct tape
alert I'm in the cart
I'm Way too big for this place oh wait
that's the first there a lot of series
so don't give up your chakra second here
miiverse ryan pillow fight
after another day at Target David is yet
again not here like literally anywhere
in sight that you look David you can't
find but I'm out here the rest of the
boys are out here David where you at
room
god damn stop losing so guys after we
play the music really loud like a guy on
our tail I'm missing a shopper looking
in following art everywhere we go and
target he might be a mystery shoppers
hey little snake odd so we might be
getting kicked out soon if we keep doing
that but y'all away with some of it
I'm sure we're doing it you got to kick
me out come on bro are you kidding you
kick your own party on set little bro
they kick the other target just because
I was doing Gary's in target though
sometimes if you want to be a geek you
to written sometimes I just want have
fun if they just read me a car pick
numbers so they target I love you
sponsor me
but this targets kind of old you doc
he's gotta tell you so if you guys can't
tell we're kind of killing time right
now because we had to get out of our
first Airbnb at 11 because that's how
our Airbnb is work sometimes even 10 but
the next one we came and check into
until 3 o'clock so right now it's like
1:30 we've managed to till a bit of time
we still have time to kill so we're just
roaming and causing trouble because
that's what's fun so comment down below
what we should do next time you can
cause trouble on episode
everything wolf will be up to in the
hills we can the hell jeez we just
arrived at the second air B&B guys and
let me tell you we got views on views on
views beautiful and it's actually kind
of nice to switch it out from like being
in West Hollywood down not in the Hills
to being in the Hills for a bit and look
at these friggin vibes out here let me
go in a gay bathroom yeah I can go in
David's room just from here you got
balcony and everything it's lit the
house is amazing and check this out
smash the like button if I should jump
from here down here I know it doesn't
look like too much of a drop off the
camera but let me tell you I'll get my
gum and we'll see how long it takes to
fall in here we go it's friggin high I
mean I've definitely there is diving
boards but I feel like if you over jump
it a little bit you're going to smoke
the brick and that's not a good look
so this Airbnb is obviously super vibe
the only problem with it is the Internet
is the worst internet I've ever seen in
my life
now I get why all these rappers rap
brought in their songs that like yo I
got no service in the hills because you
actually have no service in the Hills so
me and Bongo are about to drive to
Starbucks just so I can upload a video
because it says like usually up my house
takes me like three minutes to upload at
the elbow house it takes like maybe
10-15 minutes because everyone's using
the Internet but here it literally went
from one hour to two hours to three
hours and then the time cut away like it
doesn't even show the time of how long I
can expect it took my videos out so I
can't even tell the wolf fam how long
it's going to be until videos out so I'm
just going to rush the Starbucks in the
States though well from the ones I've
been to they don't even put they don't
even have like outlets there so my
laptop's close to dying so this is a
huge mission right that we're about to
pull up right now
and the reason they don't put outlet in
is because they don't want people
standing there and chilling there all
day on their phone and on their laptop
but I mean our risk is a risk I got I
got a do it for my wolf at at home
because you guys got to get the content
so let's go jeez that guy's house is
that that is all around there's one
little creepy thing though look at this
guy's secret little door right here
right by the stairs 50 thousand legs and
I will exploring in this door I'll give
you a sneak peek kind of creepy so you
know what to do hit the like button I
don't
following our ball go Ryan let's get get
the mission and Ryan's room obviously if
you live in LA and your girl hit Ryan
out DMS and you can give you the best
night of your life
just watching Netflix of course nothing
on the Netflix on this little bunk bed
pillow thing and leaving has space to
put your bag and stuff for you money and
a paint you know that it shows out oh
I'm sure it's me I also geez I can't
okay I wanted to go but there's just too
much vibes with this at this crib like
you can tan here people can be eating
here there's another chilly area up
there there's like floors on floors on
floor like why do we need is it floors
down there too
I don't think that slows down there too
but there's a lot of floors and you can
like parkour or I could literally jump
from here into the pool swim jump on
this thing jump to their house and I
could be on the neighbors roof in like
two seconds the drone is going to be
wild here guys you thought it was a game
this is not a game we have two laptops
going main Channel video on here vlog
channel over here double upload and we
had to bring it to the boys hell show
sunny conservation we're on the run this
is a very true love scoffs who the grind
guys because Starbucks is too far
Internet's like kind of be there no no
let's go ahead I'm geeking out as a joke
let me read she's like of course so now
we're in the hills where usually the
connections terrible but the videos are
all for you guys the grind doesn't stop
here and just like that the video is
uploaded and it is out it's out so now
the stress is off and we can have some
fun
why does every house in our late have
one of these little mannequins like
first it was at the boy's house now it's
here at our new Airbnb there much I've
been like some next sale going on after
again IKEA or something because people
think it's not artistic for something
good but there's one of every friggin
else you get into private rooms labs
okay well shuttle yell day of shuttle
yelled day but the food has not gotten
in yet I got us a private room
like wolf I'm with everybody good I
didn't see anybody going okay you should
say grace
all right bless we're waiting on the
food this place is called the stinking
rose literally the stinking rolls are
throwing them oh look who decided to
show up upon a little privacy no Chris
Brown room got y'all the biggest steak
I've ever seen I think I would show them
for the fair another was it the
thickness on the steak is like 10 10
inches take us less compared to Ryan's
hand wheel is this big
I'm going to save my my farm once we
grab that here BAM back in the Airbnb
feels good to be back this is my bed for
like pretty much yesterday yesterday I
don't know for some reason I was feeling
exhausted on
Kayode after eating on this couch so me
and this couch are sharing it connection
right now anyways we just come back to
the Airbnb
we do not know quite yet what we're
going to do tonight but one thing I know
about being in LA from now that I've
been to LA a few times
is that like when night time comes alive
first of all there's something happening
every single day everywhere
it's always lit here and then second of
all nobody really knows what they're
doing until the last last second so even
though it's late right now we are all
posted up along with outside friggin
Ryan's Anna's room right as in shower
days upstairs getting ready Sylvia is
getting ready as well we're getting
ready but we don't know we're getting
ready for so I'm gonna end the vlog off
there if you enjoyed the vlog and if
you've been enjoying these la voie you
know what to do smash that like button
up to 35,000 comment down below some
stuff that you guys want to see me do
well I am in LA I've been reading
through the comments I know you guys
want me to collab with there's a few
certain youtubers that you blue might
just pull up on very soon so get ready
for that but there are so many beautiful
things to do while I'm in LA so comment
them down below and I will see you guys
soon with another banger vlog tomorrow
so stay tuned for that but I can just
leave off like that okay guys I had to
end off on a fun note so earlier today I
shot some drone footage and I will be
ending the vlog with that drone footage
so enjoy the beautiful views of LA
all right now the jump for this is done
