good morning hey yo what's gonna super
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy we
don't here in LA again and guys it's a
very exciting day so smash that like
button already because we I've been
reading the comments like I said in
yesterday's vlog we're going to go visit
some friends to start to the vlog I
don't know if you know a guy comment a
guy's like there's a guy who does diss
tracks on YouTube like his name rhymes
with like psy slum and stuff like that
and then there's also a guy that rhymes
with Ches shanks and blanks and we've
stank so we're going to a special place
comment down below if you know where
we're going crash like button again if
you're excited let's get this day
started and my lenses ducky man I need
to clean that geez first off is manually
closing this gate and then locking it
because the first day we were here at
broke for some reason everything that we
touch breaks it's that so we just pulled
up to the house I was talking to banks
or time about some important stuff
coming up in the future but this is
ridiculous guys look what's going on
outside Bongo yeah here we go wolf Sam
there might be a couple kids outside
yeah we're going to vlog it why not get
out here we go so yeah we're at the
homies house and you know there's bear
people outside look at this bro just
always chill in here yeah shout out to
the wall growing up here anyway the wolf
am God's Apple phone I mean say what's
up old Jesus Chris watch less about the
youth outside and you know at the end of
the day it is what it is but we're not
used to Charlie
Martin so these guys just play pool for
a hundred bucks this guy lost to this
guy over there listen there's no one
there's no cost
I mean it's like I'm not on a who's
Moodle no it was a closed at you lost be
myself you beat yourself with lots to
this side right here yo mister I feel $1
$100 right now bro what
where is your where's your winning yeah
yeah yeah I can only do 100 yo run ok
rugs doing 100 we're doing a hundred I'm
gonna put Mary America me three more
chips she'll take the whole school
telling it out on the ground
Catarina how much American money over at
85 and twentieth twenty page that's what
you're getting today bro means it I have
not seen little so long I've been here
for eight months I was music room so
long becomes cool and table rupees but
okay let me get paid on yes I didn't say
400 does everybody
you know about a play-doh previously wet
we'll get it memory I played a couple
times I'm not good you not you I'm not
all right I'm like all right
mine is a Canadian one I will try step
your weight you're carrying weight again
the risk and Barbara's you're lying one
clerk go Rick try your hardest throw so
hard I try used to work at the bakery
run go hard as hard as you want you like
video I'm going to you don't really like
just want to play doctor
yeah so you get to shoot no no I didn't
want to play a baby I know the rules
okay amazing I didn't think you better
play it off no want to do yes
okay guys so how might you crying how to
play a bit anyone updating you guys
after the shot Oh we'll update you guys
after the shot title you know that fella
for the logical choice absolutely stolen
not force polygon they made me reserve
the option of that no they rip it okay
yelling kids I don't like this okay
a little bit where is our give you are
going here w mobility without the Japan
just hands just not me 30 seconds
ripping for all of us no not 30 seconds
okay technically runs Hawking guarding
out oh you're right away
yeah tell you when everybody looks can
trip over yeah is it illegal to record
all our common doesn't like that's okay
what's going on with this game
in 2000 2004 2005 that yeah do we
recruit like this my everyone I always
could I put in this you nice work of
course I up learning the rules quick
deposit put the best 240 living with
others okay I am NOT going to be a
graphic three shot here for person stop
the 3200 wait let's not go ahead this
news is up right
and this is michael Baker the protein is
a shot in the right area laughing 203b
get an ass off
oh my letters or better
oh my god leave that I thought it was
not no hitting really bring anything
like that out here in Seoul University
to chocolate drive no no no because it's
all this trash
go walk properly like wait
I have to scratch it boyo it's only if
you think the way but you if you hit any
other balls and then it's just a regular
scratch oh yeah okay
so I can put the whole precise yeah
exactly hopefully no this is business
they're so high priest the alcohol and
dog don't want his ball today
oh I'll make you right now wait for
evening or not yeah yeah me completely
hit it super hard like we haven't booked
in all the festivities and I was
approachable
oh the television three pars on my game
part before the Range Rover was it you
like this is the 65 with the white guts
oh my god oh my god no no no no give it
a rest give it a rev for the boys go
matte black g-wagen I'm sure
my god what is this house what is this
house v12 engine this has a monster Oh
12 item roller the whole boat is halogen
oh my oh don't thank me
Jesus right bro yeah I'm not no bitch is
crazy
y'all take it I will literally take it
does
why did you Aegon your knee kinda
bothered you everything so many
volcanoes I know who I want long
literally I'm vlogging you you vlog me
right here this is Martinez grow I'm
confident you laughing - you guys kinda
like but the one a 12 o'clock fire no
messing around we believe
this shot Somali sherawali way oh my
gosh yeah Mali increases what yeah all
right way no nothing to get halted would
you need only calling no and I go recall
to wanna call game you guys attorney I'm
showing your birthday I just got you got
some icy rings on yo everything in Seoul
is yeah I got the Rings I don't have
cardio I got Versace over touching yeah
so now yeah I don't have sports back but
not bad how bad not like you know I'm
not doing my best of that elector back
would you agree gonna be okay here
alright guys we just got back to our
crib I showered up I'm feeling fresh I'm
feeling ready to go got to do shirt you
already know what it is it looks fire
the rib genes the shoes the belt you
know it is this is a new wolfy now I'm a
man I just turned 17 so it's it's kind
of crazy when you turn 17 you want to
switch up your style you want to dress
like a man you don't want to wear
graphic tees anymore that's all people
know you probably see one in a day but
we're going back to the boys tell us to
see you there we'll get that angle of
the elevator though okay
you another day
another sunny day in LA goddamn can you
just peep the pool like this is so
beautiful I love waking up to this every
day
much better than waking up to the
frickin rain in Ottawa and you know what
I was just thinking guys I was like yo
how can I show everybody how can I show
all the wolf em the vibes that we're
goin on right now because in Ottawa
usually I get the drone shots and I was
like oh yo I brought my drone what am i
doing so without further ado here
you see what I'm telling you guys I mean
while longer just showed me a snap
it's pouring pouring rain in Ottawa but
it's a beautiful day outside in LA and
you know how you rock guys watch i watch
out here
yesterday we are killing this frickin
thing you guys don't know what an RKO is
basically we're jumping over the pool
grabbing it midair and then slamming the
neck of the Flamingo it was kind of late
Harley might be one of that today we
really have no plans guys we're
literally we just came to LA to avoid
the weather and meet up with some
friends so we're just going back and
forth between houses and houses and
houses the class Ryan sways what's
happened your face what pop pimples just
numerous couple of the addiction birds
baby get the fly skin school walking
school with the murse idea you heard the
guy new merch coming next week drop it
on your head top that's what's poppin
always plugs you already know list if
you don't have it you playing self
congratulate will dress guys I didn't
want to tell you because I wanted to be
surprised I was wanting to eat your
merch link case and all but buy a copy
over to do a lot waivers coming soon as
out but you don't listen I'm dropping
some merch on your head top early next
week so stay tuned for that
because I wanted to be a surprise but at
the end of the day you guys need to know
I mean you watch the damn videos you
support me every day so you guys need to
know when do expect to take your mom's
credit cards okay that's going to be
three days because I know that a lot of
you guys that don't have beens yourself
but not even W that don't do that that's
that's definitely not what I expect you
to do but go for like three lines gold
shoveling snow office know where you're
from and save up the money to buy the
merch because it's going to be so sexy I
don't even care about wearing Gucci none
of that anymore
I'm only wearing the March you should do
what farewell farewell fam we got to
talk me how to talk okay
stop what you're doing I don't care if
it's super important this is more
important okay basically the other day
aka yesterday when I went to Rice's
house to go kick it with banks in them I
brought my vlog camera but at one point
I lost my vlog camera in the house
because you guys know the friggin house
it's max I mean it's like it's got like
a floor
house like a flood do you feel I mean
look at the friggin eight floors there's
a billion floor so I lost my camera and
rug rolled up and if you guys I'll just
give you like a quick little background
story basically a long long long long
long time ago I did my first video where
I did reacting people to smash her past
me right cool video depressing got past
a billion times whatever okay that was
in the past but when rug rolled up today
obviously rostro Molly you guys know
Molly she rolled up with him and this is
the first time that I met her in person
and in his video okay now just getting a
little bit confusing but in his video
she pretty much passed me and obviously
I was joking around with my reaction but
I was just like no one's passing me
that's not really a joke but no one's
passing me so basically she passed me
and then rug vouched for me he was like
yo he's tall he's not not me and blah
blah and then she smashed technically
she smashed me in the video but it was
just like a little bit cringe so she
rolled up with rug and this is my first
time meeting her and I knew I get to
film my reaction but she filmed it and
she put it on her channel so like when I
was on youtube today
I thought she posted the video this is
like me confronting her about crashing
or passing me I'll tell you this is the
girl that passed me and that's my shit
no I smashed you though so as you guys
can see
check it out like I'm cheese but I
didn't have my blog camera out to film
at that time but basically your boy
confronted it cuz I'm a savage I'll give
a shit because your boy doesn't get past
wolf fam does not get past in life we do
not get Pat we I mean I'm trying to like
think of like a clever way of relating
this to motivating you guys a certain
way but basically we don't get past it
like we are the top we are the savages
and savages don't take no for an answer
and when someone tells us no we go and
find out another way to do it and we
work our way to the top that's why well
fans let us family on YouTube go bottom
edge Wolfie option description but look
at this I'm going to show Ryan the video
and see if this guy creates is cringe
compilation alert alright so I got the
video off Brian's gonna watch it either
guys can see the title I met the guy I
passed ball you know where big says no
Ryan's a big fan right I'm gonna come to
view Trey I'm not I'm not a fan of you
guys don't watch this and that's what
happens in your past when you pass
something they don't happen in these
days well you're a mean bro game prosper
guys that you do slash class put your
pic pic right single one
all right let's get it I don't know this
guy he keeps following me I leave early
she doesn't know you okay first of all
she put me in sweet you know okay
she really are and you said calm down
Rolly shoot mama doesn't know you are no
now she knows that I probably GU gel's
you six ways of Leonidas latest
legislator the girl look at me yeah
grandma told you bro yeah oh god damn it
come down yeah I'm more looking at you
know forgive me like I need you alive
we're here to do research red zone risk
you holed up in the friend zone in two
seconds Oh Molly
yo yo Molly you don't get Pat and at the
end of the day we're Sylvia I'm with
Sevilla right hold then slowly guys
welcome to fucking here this rock is
this little battery dies it is royal
right no I know well that dude you sure
was fresh the good she sure was stressed
so that's what you got to do guys
confront people when someone says
something about you online you want to
walk right up to them get this close in
their face so they can smell your breath
right fighting camera what is my
industries like well you hit it again
yeah bro I kept telling you the whole
date and run had my back so shut it to
rug honestly bro I love you to death
you're the real MVP bro you bye Molly
I'm Sofia you got your mana shoulders
well he turned it out and then this
curve there look at them straight face
not for me we're on a date rug Loki why
did you run get me up in the DMZ really
for us real run yo you got the race so
give me one of your rings as you want
okay their blessings cost me one and
that's the way I'll be ro you can rock
matching rings and we'll get we'll get
married Sylvia you can wait on the side
a little bit
Molly you can date Ryan what because
Ryan modeled Rovers looks kind of like
me
I mean while you can't hear with drug
yeah tell them more exposing new
girlfriend ride please girlfriend named
her 200,000 likes I name watch it
100,000 - $5 just kidding and I am three
years all you speaker girl is it driver
like one please hit the legs and drama
drama drama trophy actual you have a
girlfriend lucky though yeah I think
Sylvia is here now
hello who is it beautiful girl in the
world who is it who's here climb the
fence just climb the fence oh my god
alright fine you can come in watch out
here here okay oh boy guys Sylvia is now
here he's here for the night or just for
like a date for the next couple hours
because yeah because she was at like
some makeup event so now she's pulling
up to the crib I'm still editing and so
she can just go in the pool and stuff
but now we have one extra person to the
Airbnb for a little bit please you're so
welcome
hey to the Airbnb Anakin Skywalker watch
the vlog
alright back to editing yo David went to
the story got a flat Mars were not the
dark chocolate Milky Way this is oh
what's that like that I know by American
people won't get this but I took a
picture for charting too because you
know a 70% of my views are American yeah
not close number yet it was almost a bro
look at the all dress color yeah boy bro
we're over that purple Tommy's I thought
Chris Roman brown round on for all
dressed guys in Canada if are all just
purple this is weird this is barbecue
row hard are all dresses like this color
here not that Dookie oh oh sorry this is
crazy
gosh we've renamed all Dookie Pepsi
fires taste test this is what I was
supposed to taste in yesterday's model
you have time basically the expiration
date on this one was pretty much
ten days breaking when the regular Pepsi
you have like three to four months to
drink it and the reason being is because
I'm pretty sure this is sad children but
I think they put some like hot pepper in
this this is the world's hottest soda
not naturally national made the world
proud of soda technically because not
many places notice oh we're going to
crack it open and hopefully we breathe
fire tell me how its read whoa bubbling
red you've never seen a red Pepsi not
serving me Oh smell smells right the
taste test that would be dope oh it's a
little place to go let's go oh good go
go my Bruce
honestly guys check this out I heard if
you drink you can breathe fire Oh
oh my god sorry was that guys are you
breathing fire that was absolutely
Marcus holy guys grind your tasted L
citrusy a few refire sorry but yeah yeah
let's see here oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
yeah yeah but actually on a scale of one
to ten like how good is it it's kind of
a little slip I didn't know it's kind of
grow take it it doesn't taste like any
soda or probably you don't how's it work
it's like yeah I see the dill accordin G
so would you recommend the Pepsi or just
regular Pepsi well for me you know you
know
are you Coke or Pepsi comment down below
go Pepsi Oh
coke coke Pepsi or coke so sponsor me
down below comment down below cube fzero
that's a piece but no Joe Joe Joe Joe no
no yes much like one promotion smash
like one for both you can we always got
a soluble friendship integrated right
guys can we take a second to appreciate
how good the lighting is when it's dark
outside on this friggin camera they look
at this check I'm stressed I think it
just I ran through its might as well get
that off me oh my god I don't know
what's out here at nighttime but this is
what the pool looks like at night I'm
David's haunted dragon building is over
there Buddha is kick back postgame and
then we just got me where where's the
best lake we're always good on a lake in
Jays
these two pieces of wood in specific are
super like unstable so you don't want to
stand on those just in case you guys are
yes not it fell just in case you guys
ever come to this Airbnb I I saved you
guys from falling in okay and don't go
in this building because there's a skull
on it and we don't we don't we don't
ruffle it what's in there to be honest I
kind of freak tail so I'm going to go
back inside but I'm going to end the
vlog off there another nighttime vlog
guys I hope you have been enjoying these
la vlogs even though we're just getting
starting with these bad boys it's going
to be late we're going to go to so many
different places you guys are going to
see so many people that you know so stay
tuned for that
smack to like button if you have not
already let's say thirty five thousand
likes on this vlog just because wolf em
are probably like the biggest like
supporters in the game so go down hit
that like button comment down below
Caspar Lee because we love Casper Lee's
a great youtuber and this low-key kind
of looks like cats really like this
painting hum football so comment down
below Caspar Lee and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we say just a
little bit just a little bit more savage
to my main channel and as always why is
one side of my mustache longer than the
other state savage leg oh oh
