good morning a yo with him super wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy guys I am
super excited to it now and the reason I
am so happy to start today's vlog off is
because we're not in boring Lodato on
today we are in LA as you guys can see
check out this pool laws we got typical
bird that girls are on I don't know why
Ryan so close to it because this guy
doesn't like birds but we got that
smashed like what if you guys are
excited for these la vlogs again I will
need you guys to comment down below who
you want me to collab with or kick it
with while I'm out here I'm going to be
out here for a few weeks so I can get a
lot done so put your favorite youtuber
in the comments down below and we will
get it done anyways check this out
very quick tour because we need to go
get our hair cut immediately literally
at me and Ryan haven't got a haircut in
like two weeks and we are just about to
get a cut before we went to LA but then
the guy couldn't do it so we are finding
here cuts right now anyways very quick
view of the pool very dope for some
reason the guy that we're staying at the
Airbnb is obsessed with skulls he has a
giant skull on the side of his house so
we'll do a cell count up here skull
count 1 also giant Buddha statue in the
back which is kind of creepy when I
first came out some sort of garage shed
thing which I don't really care about
big cat died cat died
yeah plants some outdoor bathroom which
I don't really know what is going on out
here because I guess maybe only in LA do
they go to the bathroom and the washer
and dryer machine so kind of Canadians
thing we definitely don't do that but I
mean tell a so whatever more cacti more
cacti
the big body whip guys we got the big
body wait for the trip right now it's
only going to be the voice for the first
week Sylvia is not gonna be here for the
first week because Sylvia is going to be
at some makeup event even though we all
came to LA together as soon as we touch
down this girl walked off the plane a
guy was holding up Gani science as she
felt all badass and I was just like yeah
we don't get that special treatment we
gotta find a real place so still the is
right here for the first week but she
will be here for the second week in a
new Airbnb we got to keep this goes out
to the doorman and I apparently this
place has cameras are watching us do not
worry we're watching you as well
oh we mustn't rub it here no no children
enjoy this is absolute dan doesn't open
Oh to the backyard jump in the hole on
the back I showed them the pool all
right guys the kitchen one second one
second one second one second D we got
the key okay got that Jay what's that
kim snibson this is what you wanted to
see this is the kitchen
ah nothing special but it is are these
morons go so top three skull shell four
five six
this dude's weird last but not least my
full key is beyond H we'll put that away
for now though apple cider vinegar of
our mom's aged cheese so that's a very
quick rundown that's a quick tour of the
house I'm sure you guys are going to see
more of the house as we vlog for the
first week but first up of the day
before we go hang on with anyone before
we do anything is haircut and see bang
news guys thought I was lying a these
are all you would sign me out here pull
up the big body whip in front of your
own barber shop here light pack if you
want a good haircut and you want to get
speed especially you have to go
somewhere with bead in the title of the
barber shop so we'll try to show us all
the random people's prison-break one yet
Erica here Paulie from Jersey Shore
don't kill me DJ Pauly D Oz and then
obviously Tory Lanez at six Frankie
Muniz what
not a ruler looks like a ruler to meet
you
oh my bongos even fresh always shout out
to fit in
yeah in LA they represent look at I'll
look at your boy Bongo while we're in
Ottawa I was like we're gonna fade in
you know literally as we did today we
came back he's like yo they hooked it
out last time we're coming back first
week so they hooked it up on the
haircuts I got a friggin stray hair line
for the first time of my life and we're
feeling fresh which means we're going to
conquer LA even Ryan's getting his hair
cut too except he looks a little more
bees than me and we're going to kill
this pity so you already know today's
show out to everybody in LA we're doing
a meet-up this week so stay tuned for
that except this one didn't get his hair
cut this is pretty good the chills but
once here I'm stressed that this Asian
month license plate on his rosary
scences mr. Rowley some next day's one
is just in the haircut barber that we
were just in no clue who he was but I
mean he's mr. he's mr. Rowley apparently
they took a car filled I bet you eat
some next hair stylist or something
yo yo yo I had Ryan this place done I
get shotgun
I hate okay okay guys so basically
riders rushed me to get my haircut I was
like yo and it's because there was a
girl barber there and he's just like oh
no you kidding I didn't know because I
wasn't paying attention so you could get
a cut Oh little bobble can get a cut and
he literally stood up and sat back down
and then I was just like fuck like no
guys you're being lady you're being
weird
no I'll get up no disrespect I just
never got cut by lady and I I swear she
had scissors I was like no let bumble go
and then Charlie nice guy Charlie I
didn't even see that she was working
until I sat down yeah and then I was
like well I'm on Google here the whole
night anyways whatever cherry the job
really killed it what do you feel about
the reasoner I was like not nuts and now
she killed it so shout out to her I
think her name is Marie this is got
literally backing off on it wrap it up
no no no no no no no - Foley just using
it like a militia hooked up the beard
good time all right I'll meet you guys
there
I'm going to hand back under this no not
going to hand back sir
guys let it be known we're about to give
Yelp Davis first try I'll update you
guys swings no no no one's going I'll
update you guys on if we like the food
here because if we don't then we're
going to pull a for the rest of the
Chipotle the rest of the trip yeah
Tripoli install see Green three green
and Chipotle if you mess up we're going
there dave is bringing us to a
Scientology
this is trying to convert us bro
Scientology you want Dave this is a good
start here he'll you already know what
drink I'm on today I love coke but what
is a Mexican drink instead of coke I
want a little Mexican for me though baby
Mexican focus on I will get the
breakfast for you except for the fact
that it has grilled cactus not kind of
those unlucky boring people
I'm not trying to prick my mouth leave
eat I have no idea what I'm about to
bite we have no idea what this is you
get the chicken sandwich why you copy me
why coffee I told ya the only thing
better than breakfast with a voice is
reckless an employee in LOL yo gave five
attend you show them the secret
compartment
oh my games on here yeah go get yourself
a charger yo why is your hair mushed up
like Supercuts alright alright come you
guys know anything about Supercuts
haircut you've heard the song not sure
trying to let my hair luckily I don't
get a cut at Supercuts
so can't wash up yo David why you hate
on me you must be mush up in the head
like super cut David parity classic Dave
we enter target yes and how did you get
over there you know this is the start
bro to the start stop running off start
running off I want to say I'm happy
we're here in LA the amount of Spanish
that are it's nothing crazy but those
who don't know I love descended women
culture tell if you guys don't know Ryan
single okay single first things and he's
very into Spanish girl so there's lots
of them in LA so Ryan is Filipino but I
do but most importantly he is single
okay you so very soon honey so yeah Ryan
single if you're not only get me in the
comment section we'll call it back to
our favorite all is one of the biggest
life hacks that I can teach any of you
guys if you're a girly or guy will
actually main you if you're a guy and
you can grow facial hair or you have
hair down there get a girl razor okay
because basically it's like shaving
cream and a razor in one and then you
don't need to copy a fav your money in
the public a gallery it's pink AF but we
know the hacks out here and I'm going to
be ultra smooth I'm going to be ultra
smooth no smooth bar for us I'm aged to
these back to school so 27 cents for a
glue remember
and sense bro this amount of favor for
$0.10 wears that black purple glue dries
clear oh my god the amount of hacks I do
if I lived in the States we don't have
that purple glue dry clear stuff called
David running David's run David Green
Grid guys David literally as asking the
cashier why this stuff is so expensive
like two bucks is so Jewish little weird
weird DIY thicker handle giant sticker
handle here so we think Mongo we have
this theory that like he likes being
ahead of everyone like cause he's out
the car and we're not even close to be
ran ahead so the next place we leave I'm
going to leave before him and we're
going to see if you like speed walks in
front of me and I'm going to try and
beat them as best as possible we're
going to be quiet about it look at them
dropping off speaker but oh no peace
rest longest rest
octa door locking door dr. dark no
you're driving next to you I'm driving
home but here's the jaw relax lip go
drive up see Dave driving in LA let's
see how long this throw last the big
body with some little body is that a
break on the bubble
yo yo yo yo yo yo this drawer and
there's actually going to be crashing
away oh I've only hate it alright oh
okay so I didn't vlog for a little bit
you guys don't know because we just cut
right back to here just had a few
meetings I had to go to you know we out
here at la gotta get some of the
meetings done and I wanted to fill you
guys in on another life hack
most guys go swimming in like slim
Charles bathing suits slow shorts
whatever you call them okay
I call them bathing suits so we do in
Canada but what fans listen closely I go
swimming and like oh so particularly I'm
wearing a bathing suit
that's how short is like Calvin Klein
underwear so here all right guys so in
the pool right now and I wanted to bring
it back to old school stuff basically
when we were in Florida last time if we
did try not to drown challenge you guys
have bang the views and the likes on all
those you don't know what it means
essentially it just hold your breath
challenge and obviously we're super
competitive you don't want to drown so
whoever can hold their breath the
longest wins um we're just going to warm
up basically I'm going to see if I can
swim from this side of the pool to that
side of cool underwater and I'll let you
guys if I can do that - Charlie Hill and
this is the saltwater pool I don't know
the guys call it a bull the water okay
for the jail hey it's like Gucci alright
ko so everyone we're going to see if you
can swim there and back they have no I
can go underwater yeah I could but I'm
wearing contacts okay let me see
Crom laughing all right we'll Sam self
three two we're going to one at a time
can you go - I'll go first
come on Uncle Fred since I want a potato
we're all go at the same time and we'll
see how far each of us get up you're
Hannah yeah good don't roll I can draw
the cameras going to catch I can't even
look underwater hey no Charlie no
Charlie you won
I see visible the lawsuits that using
old for me bro I got only I went to the
farm another children okay so that's the
try not to drown warm up now my lungs
are open for us to go first
also oh my god okay let me get the timer
we got the phone guys don't drop it in
only a real wolf Sam remember this
sounds literally this is OG Wolf Pack oh
yeah this is when you have a called Wolf
Pack I can't get my phone boom boom boom
okay bond are you ready wrong wrong we
didn't say yeah bar go we did you guys
can see I got the timer here wake up
can't really see it pretty honest but
just know let me know when you're ready
to start already
alright three two one go
that Bankart patrolling for food or not
me after their last Ryan's og wolf am he
knows so at seven seconds so far guys
let's see how much we can keep it up for
my use fresh whoa what the hell you're
up no no no no that was like seconds I
have 60 English who's next Johnny Law
stop sorry second line okay now go 12
seconds for bone GZ reset a timer
well it's floating up my bodyweight just
kept bringing me out to life I'm a
barrel on ball off to Dave here we go I
need this holy thing yeah yeah you can
hold on three two one go up go down
started the timer right now oh bomb goes
down with them cuz you want to redeem
himself David is okay is what I'm
thinking about John yeah I'm shitting
Ryan X's get it I think Ryan and what it
is sick second oh it's like gay rights
resistor licenses so are like reflection
of shit ready sorry enslaves up on bat
three two as soon as you go on it
with wolf and wish me luck smash you
like that guys here we go sir
okay Ryan I think it may be panicking
already oh no he's letting himself float
that's attack that is the fact that I
read that so he's almost worth the past
Bongo he's got 13 17
what are you dancing Wow 20 21 you have
any funny but I could Sam Urick is too
wet
that's 24 I go out 23 jam on 23 about
the timer ah this stuff alright my turn
tire my turn times are the timer I gotta
get some dire I am after the pool ah
geez what already
hello can you see this way Oh ready
ready
ja in a second I'm practicing I swear
under pressure breasts you know much
more zulan so I can do like a minute
ready comment down below what your
highest underwater breathing score is I
can reinvent ensenada like here's going
to be too old I'm 15 and I can do three
in three hours media ready yeah
3 2 1 go it has a touch the second Nico
another head tactic you go he's always
head I mean are not having gutters
that's I guess the three seconds old
shit I stop stop I'm Dave control and
surely damn he's good fuck why do you
want yeah tell me how I went under New
York law cause like yo Rocky messing me
up for anyone that's so bad guys
honestly I can do a minute off-camera
surrendering I can do my offense to
saltwater 36 it is a saltwater questions
like 36 but even number I've done over a
minute yes i sir when the cameras
offering you this like oh let's just go
but the cameras aren't going here
talking yeah yeah Ryan's had told me
above water okay your Grandpa's a scuba
diver yeah he's on your anyways there to
try not to drown challenge I might have
came last place but I'm not
alright guys watch how fast I can swim
from this side I put it outside three
two one go
one second oh my god okay zp6 DIY water
gun from your hand and water
yeah how do you know Joe Joe Joe might
be getting dangerous yeah here well I
yeah I want your your job you camera out
the camera I just have a care advocate
can't you see we're here yeah no word on
me boy
I don't swing that it only affiliate we
know your house are we improving
healthily ah okay okay another one
another one another one yeah we put the
link vertically I'm going forward
Oh No
terms of nonsense
yo can you guys slow down okay I'll be
quick imitating engines we'll update you
guys another was and it all goes back in
the magic master is back he's really
making pace that they move and move and
move in
let's go casual can't let him see the
camera
David episode if a syndication hope he
has no idea he's walking quick you like
fucking so we got you know I could click
debug he's locking so do you I could
click though he's lucky quick yeah hey
what up bro keep walking keep walking
hey hey Bongo three mangas six seconds
other like six seconds on lights it's
like a little like three seconds of
light they run DIY Gucci jacket alert oh
my god you DIY literally DIY DIY DIY day
to continuing on from yesterday's vlog
last night was zookeeper last night
we're gonna get off influencers great
guys great people Ryan please empty meta
title his idol is phase drug poem Adam
actually s anyone is Martin at all if
you're watching this I know you're a fan
bro like it was just money
I love you we burger the ball today and
I'm going to kick it let's say that one
not you guys
last night was lit went to the crib on
chilled with the boy a shuttle bay
shadow race shuttle rogue Oz but now we
are killing time because apparently they
want to play well but you guys know I
don't play ball so we're going to go
figure out how to kill time in LA but
it's pretty easy in LA so join me on
another adventure they do
here what you doing over there we are
talking about spending money when you
haven't spent a cent huh okay we just
got here buddy so cannot be healed that
I love behind the scenes of Ryan Lochte
always comfortable being them you know
I'm not help go into the store and buy
some yeah I know buddy I'm save your
money kid
it's not about fashion it's about who
you are as a person and true to yourself
is staying humble so you're beginning
your family and everything
alright then why'd you ask me to hold
your Gucci purse no money cause like I
can expose all this richest people part
through that turn turn look look at
David look at David look at David all
right what's not right on the glasses
because I'm seeing some designer ranlo
design broke are these designer what
design is that looks like not me who
Barry copies from winners that's
blueberry right blueberry
yeah ripoff Barry yeah obviously roses
they almost of who you are don't let
this media classify you under ridgeport
like what is that
no nose made you broke just keep buying
her big toe c'mon Carrie smooth bark for
LSU they lookin like she'll get smooth
Jesus you got 16 K but I think it's 60 K
did I checked this morning
all right 555 cake wolf a madman 60 oh
there's Lakes so yeah here they come
because monkeys yeah
yes shut up it rod rod ma yo sweetheart
this is behind the scenes of Awadh
yo you didn't tell me you didn't tell me
model girl stop I'll look here he'll
screenshot this and tag me on Twitter
and then there's Jay Alvarez ma you need
to relax
you're covered in girls okay we get it
you get good looking guy trouble don't
relax right boys chill all right David
you want to be low-key got it yeah
their own place we'll go in
chronological order here we go nothing
in the first part fit me so I had to be
like you and wool family so I got just a
regular I already know the name of the
brand it was half off like 50 beams but
it's a nice tank top yeah yeah 50 Ira
Glass
let me see oh this is what is good Gucci
what is beautiful what Randy here is I
get today boys you get some Gucci huh
huh what was yet ah yeah yeah well you
get your sweater to go to here broken
here little child - we're going up your
wedding up like we're growing up here
grown-ups we're home guys comment down
below if you like this goofy on your
head but you should not allow them to
the eyes I may go back tomorrow you know
what I might chop up a John come on
maybe I don't want to do that so maybe I
want a trance alright and then the next
purchase
Kurt audience what are we looking at now
what can you pronounce that is that the
only one satisfying here oh okay
everything yes any bitches guys I've
needed a nice designer belt for a while
because I don't have any crazy designer
belt and you already know had to get the
regular with the gold dog Louisville
another fifty dollars of the fifty bucks
in your book so far I'm with my pal here
lately how much was that you got Sakina
alcoholics yeah this is almost 700 um so
there's that I'm sorry
and then we'll pop it off with what do I
need to beat you like what number
so then what he's burning this for you
will say I don't care anymore
do you want to touch no Logan Jake
follow yo call me call me call me yeah I
know you only are easy
these are needed you don't know why your
time soon here I read how much you love
21 they're on sale they're on sale and I
choose zeros to that here I told you
guys bongos outside waiting for us we
were like you're where is this guy he's
ready to go over you watch watch this we
have 25 go
Airbnb guy annoyed me bruh I'm dying out
here
no no I've been trying to move the lever
I did everything alright the gates
broken you guys want to stop by at our
Airbnb the address in
did you guys get that you didn't get it
I'll say it again John does these $500
challenges were like he pimps out his
closet gets new clothing basically in
his last one he got a shirt from Stone
Island and I tried looking for the same
chair but I couldn't get it so I was
like yo where can I find Stone Island
you know how I'm on in Ottawa and then
God your age so like you don't want to
tell me where to get your shirt you pull
up that late and I'm looking for your
shirt and I'm going to get that shirt
cause it's a nice shirt okay you look
good in it but I wanted to you know
these mannequins got lice on day head
talk sorry about that Dad had to do it
now we're on to the ovo store and as you
can see long rows leading the way again
he's got any training now you guys are
probably wondering you're like Wolfie
you shop too much you shop a lot you
gotta stop shopping and there's a lot to
say about that when you're from a little
town like Ottawa and then you go to a
spot called La Cali and there's so many
options of you to get things and stuff
that you do not have where you're from
you go off so that's that it ovo
confirmed wolf am i have some very
important news for you guys
right now literally I just got out of
another meeting it's been meeting
central out here in LA time for fun time
for play but basically all you need to
know is that new pot fire merch is
dropping very soon okay
girl stuff coming at your head top head
size coming it's not 5 and because it's
fire we picked up Pepsi fire for a taste
test tomorrow
this is the only hot Pepsi in the world
it's got hot sauce in it literally the
world traveler oxygen that I think's but
yeah that is coming soon for your head
talk also I've been reading a bunch of
your comment and because you guys said
you want me to collab or go meet up with
people
stay tuned for tomorrow's blogs but I'm
gonna end the vlog off there if you
enjoyed it make sure to go down smash
that like button if you're enjoying
these la vlogs
let's get 35,000 likes on this vlog
hurry up if you haven't hit it you got
five seconds five oh three two two last
night like button comment down below la
day and I will see you guys soon on
mobile feet where we stay a little bit
more savage in my main channel and ah oh
hey savage may I go sure
