yo what's good at your boy wolfy yeah
there you go I'm not saying good morning
guys it's midway through the day today
I've been waking up pretty ladies past
couple days but I woke up super H this
morning because so far for that 14
thousand subscribers the wolf s killed
it there no sound like six or seven cane
subscribers you guys went off from their
channel so shout out to all the world
times I actually did that there is now
officially two days until we go to LA so
comment down below who you want me to
collab with or go kick it with when I
reach LA because as soon as I cut down
and I'm going to try and be as efficient
as possible as many people as possible
and a short time that I'm there I hope
you're having an amazing day I hope you
guys are always staying savage and most
importantly I hope you guys hit the like
button with your big toe you have ten
seconds okay take your socks off ten
nine eight seven six but Laura hurry up
three two one boom comment will sent if
you were able to do it and even if you
didn't go smash it right now anyways
we're off with another vlog let's get it
baby alright guys so we are starting the
day off nice dad is filming a video for
his channel I don't know if you guys
have seen the dumb challenge where you
just roll up two basketball nets throw
the neighborhood and absolutely dunk on
it Ryan is too short for this net so
peep dad adjust the net it's this guy's
house and Ryan is struggling he's
adjusting the net to go lower so he can
dunk it and that might be a little too
high for Ryan I think it's broken look
at sex behind the scenes of a youtuber
video I hope someone comes out Oh jobs
going here oh it went in technically
it's in there run run run run run run
run okay guys so I'm going to do a dunk
right now for charge of the cheese
channel link in the description going to
be to his video but because I'm doing it
Machel like button like I'm a smash this
we don't know this you're giving the
ball there's no now stress
you're the first athlete 14 anything to
get the bonus points right buddy oh
we're going mod right now on randomness
the neighborhood hates us Chad the
savage yes sir
here here what a nice guy I mean what a
nice guy
dad your camera died so now using this
oh really yeah but I got you on this one
oh we just finished up job challenge
link to that video will be in the
description below youtube.com slash
Chatterjee we dunk every net like
literally tens 20 30 of nets but now we
are super sweaty we're heading back to
the house to actually just have a break
for a bit our exercise and that I'll see
you guys there so Ryan's downstairs he's
trying to film a friendship like
question quiz or something but I feel
like him and David are trolling so I'm
gonna go down there and blog it and just
troll them and see if I can piss right
off as much as possible let's get it now
yo my turn where is it a prank Ryan
where are you
what good Charles
so the questions are freezing like
Walker
cameras over there yeah open the door
yeah don't mind my Kim just Bobby yeah
alright okay when I get here good okay
so I love you know ah you're perpetually
okay
okay I really the I'll be back doc to my
channel dat blade roof you're out combat
members let's get right
let's go Oh
yo yo yo finish your own buddy then you
should see video alright sneaky never
trust any challenge this guy ever does
it's all assault pony okay guys so we're
in the kitchen now and I wanted to try
something new on this channel I wanted
to try an idea I saw on Facebook this
morning when I was trolling through
Facebook I will leave a link to the
video down below and our play a clip of
it right now what did that tell the
midget when she asked for me to bang her
I don't get down like that what kind of
hair do they do it uh-huh what I XP
basically David the troll Orion
allocated space but the goal of the
video is to make the other team laugh
with a terrible dad joke something that
you would never usually laugh at but
when you put under pressure you're
probably going to laugh so it's me and
Ryan
Britta's dance and jazz you can take
your partner out whenever you feel like
you're laughing too much because if the
other person makes you laugh you have a
point if you make me laugh your team
gets a point there's no rule get is how
you deliver the point where it is
deliver the question so without further
ado let's get right into this and by the
way guys I didn't make any of these
jokes I'm taking them all from online
I'm not clever enough to come up with a
jokes but here we go
great how do you make a tissue dance
issue you put a little boogie in it the
secret isn't that high if I love the g
string up a joke that has no no no no no
I just laugh at how the joke is over
zero zero secret service isn't allowed
to scream get down at the present
getting attacked this game Donald Duck
yeah whatever how much does a hipster
way an Instagram okay take it up and
take it down put it right there now
Brian please make a lot be someone who
is more jolly Osby calm until it doesn't
matter
Carlos I do you organize the stage party
you plan it wife in the bicycle stand up
on some you tired
you're going clapping guys no one's
broken a smile yet well smiles with a
broken but no one's laughing increase
the count is your days are numbered
okay you're right it is slow and cool my
man with the rubber tool Wow
Roberto what do prisoners used to call
each other in jail so correct did you
get that Jesus parity
what do you call JZ when he's sleeping
what jzzz what's red black red black red
black you gambling ambitious Antigua is
yes
what kind of magic new council even what
you do move you like voodoo like Google
reactor explain a joke is over here
what six-foot-four monsters live here I
just have to give up wicked good it is
making yesterday
Grandia well abandon ologist what would
Bears become without be nice well that's
two eyes a nose and every human right is
making up everything now who wants to
more dad jokes in this you hold it
what's brown and sticky oh what a stick
wanna hear a joke about paper never mind
it's terrible they're done with the
terrible dad joke it didn't go as I
expected
literally the percival shot that you
guys didn't understand where the
funniest ones because the terrible die
jokes I don't know maybe we'll do it
like mad drunk next time or something I
don't know exactly I will do it but
we'll figure out a way to make it funny
shut up to all the boys go subscribe to
their channel crowd made go buy his
murse
David parity link in description Ryan
Swain link in description chat with Jay
Oh Chad with Jay looking at comment down
below your best dye joke I will be
replying to all of the funny ones
and who knows I might even do a reaction
to it so go go comment hurry up make me
laugh wolf am none of those made me here
maybe laugh game look thrones' on almost
one thing you do not message there's a
man in this Game of Thrones
I'm not note well learn for your boy
wolfy that's all I'm going to say learn
for your boy will be because put it this
way after
we filmed videos for like jobs Channel
and then after we film videos for David
Channel and all of these videos involve
some sort of activity if you wear ripped
jeans while you film these the rip is
only going to get bigger this was a
stylish shirt to start and now both of
my legs
gay people are absolutely old so learn
from me don't do that anyways quick
little taste this for you guys yesterday
I was at the store and my favorite candy
comment down below your favorite candy
or if you can get right now what my
favorite candy is period you would know
I like sweets but I like a certain kind
of sweet okay I like the sour what sorry
a sweet but I mean basically I like did
you get it let's see if you can get it
how well do you know we'll be test ways
number one question what is Wolfie
favorite candy candy is sour patch kids
Southwest kids like I grew up on
absolutely so so good so addicting but
they just dropped a new flavor which is
tropical probably not new in the States
there's like Australia for China
everything looks like a head of Canada
but for Canadians as Canadians we get
this stuff late AF so I'm gonna tell you
guys if these are blessed
White's RSQ this is weird sour coconut
the sour patch kids siren it is still
lit let's like coconut eat what day will
be what do you think
can you stop following me around scaring
like need these God will feed other
coconut these are lit though put every
sour you live they're gonna get you a
tissue damage you look like a meaning
sit hey sit good boy oil will be how is
it the only tricky still knows we got
tea tomorrow so we are out here late at
night you guys we've rolled up to the
park near the boys house there's like a
park which is nice during the daytime
and everything but like during the
nighttime it gets a little creepy and
today we were told
like there was rumors that this park is
a little bit haunted people have said
that they've seen some weird stuff here
and you guys know I'm afraid of ghosts
okay I've always been afraid of the dark
I don't like crazy conspiracy theories
and stuff like that because it creeps me
out so right now we pulled up to the
park and recently I've been getting a
bunch of comments on my videos to play
hide and seek and stuff like that on my
one video where I did like the do not
spend three fidget centers at 3 a.m. you
guys went off okay there was mad people
that enjoyed that vlog so I thought why
not up the ants
a bit why not get some doll action here
why not explore the park during night
time we're not going to the force maybe
but I need some motivation okay wolf em
so I'm telling you this if this video
gets sixty thousand likes
I will not only explore this park at
nighttime with not by myself an
algorithm with maybe one or two people
ok I'm right I don't want to die but I
will bring Elmo with me YouTube has been
messing with these dogs lately I just
see it as Elmo i friggin watched it all
the time when I was a likkle month
apparently this one is kind of scary at
the park especially when you play hide
and seek with them and stuff like that
so I will bring Elmo to play hide and
seek with me and t-mobile at 3 a.m. in
this haunted friggin Park watch this
here crazy crazy yeah that goes over
here I'm gonna have to be honest I don't
really want to do it but the wolf man
wants me to do it so 60 thousand likes
and we bring an animal to this park and
hopefully we don't die if we do I'll
vlog it also I love you wolf am very
much Elmo you ready you can't talk it
I thought your heart to grow with that I
guess we're gonna have to figure it out
at 3 a.m. because it's not 3 a.m. it's
only 12 right now so hit that like
button and let's die together guys I was
a boat to film something but I heard
something over here and I don't think
there's anybody out on the streets if
you listen closely
who little frogs row there's like mini
frothy come here come here
oh he's off but listen closely there's
frog noises alright I'm stressed as soon
as you turn the camera on Billy's club
you can kind of hear in the back okay
guys we're going to go inside so as you
guys can see we got a Canadian nice
thing for Air Jordan kids around Meg you
know what that means
we are almost la packed Ryan's finishing
his packing then we're gonna go back to
my let's finish up my packing because
very soon aka in the morning we are
going to LA so we got to make sure
everything is good you guys clean this
whole room too because you don't want to
come back to the messy room oh my god
going to be fine guys
no no not not chill chill chill chill
yeah Ryan didn't have time to get a lock
but wolf AM for praying doesn't get
pranked this time
it that's the goal so you see this
before of the room just to show you guys
what it what it looks like right now and
hopefully still looks like this going to
get back you know don't come on not the
new house tonight already here guys
comment down below if you want to be my
assistant okay I'm looking for a friggin
assistant because this is getting out of
hand look at this we got dishes here
your resume needs to be stats with the
ability to do dishes clean up dog food
unbox boxes unopened boxes with knives
and stuff like that knife will be you
need to be able to charge my thoughts
charge my drone batteries because
literally there's so many things that I
need to do before I even start packing
for the trip to LA I needed assistant I
need someone who's going to be there for
me at all times so you know submit your
resume to wolfies assistant as something
okay we are figuring stuff up for LA I'm
kind of stressing out I always stressed
out on these trips happen but it is what
it is I'm getting used to it this is
going to be a fun fun trip comment down
below who you want me to collab with
while I'm there this time last time I
made a few friends we did some collabs
it was awesome so this time I want to do
the same thing I always like meeting new
people especially a set dope also well I
am Ln LA one of the things that I
definitely want to do is give bear merch
out to the wolf am so I don't know where
I should go to do that I know that the
one mall called The Grove is that as a
mall The Grove is like one of the
locations where all the people go in LA
so I'm probably going to go there I just
got to get a bunch of my merch first to
plan that wolf fan so stay excited for
that what else are we gonna do in LA I
don't even know we're going to do it LA
but all I know is I love LA so on that
note I'm going to end the vlog off here
packing needs to get done and it's not
going to do itself unless I get an
assistant won't be assisting i gmail.com
email me hurry up hurry up hurry up
anyways guys I hope you enjoyed this
vlog if he did do not forget to go down
smash that like button you only know
what it is let's hit 35,000 like two
blocks ago we are almost at sixty
thousand likes meaning I will buy smooth
use these when we go to LA so go back to
my last two vlogs and hit the like
button on those if you didn't because I
want to buy smoothies and this guy wants
to use these don't want to disappoint
the kids so hurry up and do that I will
leave a card up in one of these corners
for you to go do that I don't know which
corner it is one of these I always
forget
and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we say a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always say it with me stay savage
sucks edgy like Oh
