good morning a yo what's it's werewolf P
welcome back to more Wolfie before I
even begin the vlog I need you guys to
go down fast I like because today is
going to be an exciting day the reason
why today is going to be so exciting is
because I'm bringing diet wolfy back
past couple weeks I have not been
thinking the diet wolfy ok I've been
falling off both me and Ryan have been
falling off so I need to get back so for
the next week I'm going to be
challenging Ryan's weight to a dieting
and fitness contest and we are going to
be seeing who the real diet king is I
want to give a huge shout out to like
some for sponsoring this video
if you guys do not for some strange
reason know what like some is basically
it's an app that lets you track your
food exercise while OH meal plans find
healthy recipes scan your food items or
even just generally improve your health
and well-being because you know your boy
diet wolffian on his fitness game these
days like I gotta get on my fitness game
so Ryan doesn't know he's probably going
to be teased when he finds out but I'm
gonna beat him because I'm going to be
using this app he doesn't know much
about health he doesn't know much about
food this guy thinks that eating like 3
pounds of cheese is somehow healthy for
you because like it comes from cows and
stuff like that so when I do this I'm
going to spank him so check out the
weather today beautiful beautiful day in
Ottawa guys look at this
nothing gets better than this am i right
look at the Sun yo people son it's so
nice the Sun is just shining down it's
causing everything there's no rain at
all guys like I definitely don't see any
rain I'm joking guys it's not a nice day
outside at all today so Ryan's
downstairs anything we have not eaten
our first meal of the day I'm gonna go
see if he's ready to start this cleanse
because this is like juice cleanse 2.0
here you ready good the fitness cleanse
starts today but look at the time
because we took a council that order -
laughs it's an opiate City board it sold
for a week you know what and don't
forget old me to order it so you're done
shake my hand this is the beginning
have you eaten today no K black and
water amazing go blessed forget I'm
going to track yes
I'm chef no I did a bit we'll get our
first meal in a bit but you have to do a
little workout today because day one
here guys we're starting the day off
night
look who exercised on a mini trampoline
here Ryan's doing push-ups comfortable
you're not winning nobody wanna be your
old grows on ya your old grow your old
broke a knock even if you go Scotty 400
they are traveling yeah
carefully knee in exercise catwalk
pieces like Lata job profile backless so
here it's going to be rough because five
jump system your local sweaty K guys
don't but could take you right into
Subway's men think Subway's likes to
browse like it's not bad for you
obviously it's pretty good for you but
your boy already little T started the
meal plans to check it out we got Terry
got zucchini rice and shrimp absolutely
delicious and very healthy for you so
we're going to go to Subway and then he
thinks I'm going to get with and I'm
just going to cop a mess up and then
he's going to the joke with the heckler
why don't you get yourself a good meal
plans already started bro any memory
chief Ryan in his natural habitat
murdering a some for eating somewhere
ahead together
so Hampton
your food houses food maybe even order
guide you in Vegas got to stay on the
meal syndrome I got you're gonna order
sub let's go get it thank you
we're starting up your eat your ears
there help ease up but I'll stick to
mine really give me a full on some and I
only asked for this piece alleged yeah
that's weird that's kind of weird guys
don't take your meal plan states wrong
wolf and I sound like one then you know
you're we're gonna kill today we're
going to kill the week four DS we're
getting DS wolf a block let me talk with
me okay you guys know I like to be super
efficient and I don't like to waste any
time so I just finished shooting my part
for Sean's video it's your boy you guys
know Sean and now Ryan Giada and Bongo
are shooting with him but instead of
waiting for their part to finish so I
can come in next I thought this would be
the perfect opportunity to come outside
it just stopped raining it's drizzling a
bit so I'm gonna get a quick little
workout in on the parallel bars I can't
lose to Ryan okay Kayne would not be
impressed with me losing to Ryan ok
Kanye even be trying so I can't lose the
Ryan so we got the bars right here you
can do dips whatever you want I'm a
banks amount real quick and then I got
to run back inside because I don't have
much time before the next scene you
cannot be someone who grinds as hard as
me but people dig here your boys a ninja
too and just because you got a buddy why
not have the link Oh pull up our ad well
it has been pouring outside
let's get it those hanging down so life
is about balance boys and girls one
legged hopping on these stump I feel
like The Karate Kid
balance you've got to work on your
balance you know you also have to work
on Oh
Nancy still counts as an exercise all
right so we just got back from the boys
house and I was on my computer and I
stumble across this one article
basically it's how to beat your friends
or how to win against your friends in
certain bets every single time and this
jumped out to you boy because hey I'm
competitive as anybody could ever be I'm
probably one of the most competitive
human beings on the planet I hate to
lose okay
all my friends know that I used to make
fun of me they still do make fun of me
for getting hurt in some videos when
like playing like family feud with the
boys and like cards against humanity'
like just easy games that you shouldn't
be getting mad at that I somehow managed
to rage quit I and I know if you guys
are average of me and you're probably
very competitive as well so I was like
oh I need to chase the wolf am how do
win these bet so that we can make that
block from our friends you know what I'm
saying so I'm going to show you guys a
few bets that you should place against
your friend comment down below if you
try the mo tell me if your friends got
mad they probably did because I want my
wolf there to be one step ahead of the
game okay guys one step ahead of the
game and we can get that guy so here's
the first one so for the first one all
you need is a bottle and some cash flow
how this one works is you put a $20 bill
on the ground like this or on a table
we're going to put the bottle down there
make sure the table is nice and flat now
the bill is folded a bit so it's kind of
struggling now the main objective is
your pian Freddie say yo I bet you can't
remove that dollar bill away from the
bottle without making the bottle fall
over or without touching the bottle all
you can do is touch the bill so your
friends gonna be like well of course I
ten they're going to get down to
negative transients in every single
angle and they're probably going to be
super careful at this when you tug it
flow it literally travels with the
bottle like I'm pulling the bottle that
one doesn't work if you blow nothing
works kind of tactic I would use because
I've seen like another life hack that
kind of is similar to this one that's
not supposed to wear take it carefully
okay let's say you pull it a little slow
and it tumbles over like that that is
what's supposed to happen I just found a
new hack how am I supposed to beat the
attack it get down here in roll up the
bill okay there's no teasing me
you need American money if you can
remove it and you get the $1 now we're
not touching the bottle as you guys can
see we're slowly inching it off the
faster you go the more chance you have
of making it fall give voice $1 richer
when every single time try it out the
next shooting hype has to do with
playing cards regular playing cards guys
your father's ex pret Dekker
no cheating cards no card leaves more
than any other cards they're all the
same so you get the cards you get a
quarter if you put one card on the glass
and you say yo watch how the card
balances on the glass right here I bet
you can't balance a quarter on the end
of this card without it tipping over
this way they're going to be like old
words row watch this and then as soon as
you take your hand off and this also
doesn't count if you put it on an
accounting right here here here and here
and on the tippy edge you're old you
can't do it sling goodbye and that's
what you come in and you're like you
played yourself I never said you
couldn't use water so we're going to
fill this glass up it helps balance out
the car to the point where if we put
this quarter on check that out guys we
didn't even put a little more weight and
it's hugging on the water so it's
sticking to the water the prep 243 and
just to show you that it's not just a
joker card that it works with we'll grab
any card in here with the corners right
there isn't any mail pack number 4
involves let's drop what if I told you
that you could stab something with this
truck so the way to approach your
friends did you say Y all right wait
what if I told you I could stab
something with it obviously your eyes
here if you like you can't so that's
when you say okay well I have a potato
invisible secant bout it I'm like okay
bless that really since it worked at
home later blush so we're going to grab
it and we're going to go okay okay but
what's supposed to happen is when you
stab it it's not supposed to go in
that's supposed to like Bend like this
not fully go in because it starts to
weak that's all right thing are you
gonna do put your thumb over the top
block out the air coming out and keep it
pulling through the potato and out the
side you can see through the potato so
you can something
I struck now there's a few more hacks I
REM do the free quickly because these
ones are so easy that no one would even
think about it but you can win every
single time next step is Sylvia has to
draw a perfect circle on the paper
freehand no no no no this is not
impossible I know how to do it regular
first person that's pretty good okay you
got a smiley face here you got in this
page oh shoot what was that oh this is
how you make a perfect circle every
single time you want to take your
knuckle keep your knuckle on a paper and
rotate see you're using your hand is
like one of those things I was try to
use my elbow like as you can see then
you told me to do it normal come through
the ones that actually work you know the
Big Easy
hmm oh my that is perfect almost perfect
I messed up there if you went a little
bit too hard you all got in the way
because it will only knuckle go there
but look at that Circle guys this is my
three answer hopeful again I mean you
can see the difference not Google here
so the next one involves the straws
again
all you need is two strong and an
elastic band now what I did with the
straw is I elastic both of them together
when I got off my sponsor watch them
you're gonna give that to Sylvia and
you're gonna say yo I bet you can't
drink out of the straw what you wouldn't
be paying that much attention okay okay
you listen same how it suggested you
didn't see anything oh no water's coming
alive I have no water's nothing must be
because I pranked you if you add two
straws back-to-back and one of them is
cut off here all of the air is going to
go through here and the only way you're
going to get water is if you talk to
Bryce
even if I go hurt me you can't get
anything look at it okay so I'm sure a
lot of you guys came to this video
because you wanted to know how to win
rock paper scissors every time or paper
scissors wrong wherever you call it
where you're from it's a huge game
that's way to the deciding factor for a
lot of things like where you and your
friends going to eat any small bets you
have your friends if you're dare to go
talk to a girl or diagonally usually
always come down to I just listen a coin
drawing pick or rock paper scissors so
watch me beat Sylvia right now just
because I know how to win
single time and I'm going to teach you
guys on every single time but I gotta
show you gonna work
rock paper canoe Oh easy I'm going to
explain why do you girls how good to say
this before we read when you played
yourself most likely girls for some
reason always go scissors to serve so
basically if you want to win against
like a girl almost every single time
like off the first move gold rock but if
you're going against the guy just know
that guys tend to do rock for some
reasons first also it's the opponent
that you're playing plays the same move
twice in a row like let's say two moves
it around like rock paper scissors I go
rock the first time rock paper scissors
second time I go rock third time I'm
probably not going to go rock because I
got away with it the first two times so
that's another have to win in a game a
third hack to winning the games pretty
much every single time is by throwing
dynamite so when you go watch Paper
Scissors just go dynamite moving on
that's how not doing everything that you
literally win every single time or you
go rock paper or if you're writing a
rock paper key so those are pretty much
the hack to enough differences every
time now I'm challenging my wolf am to
go out and try those with your friends
if you do those with your friends any of
those tricks that I just explained you
guys make sure to tweet the videos at me
at wolf your apps because I want to see
people playing themselves because
they're not part of the wolf lab and
hopefully you guys win as much money as
possible off of those deals and if
that's alright but no it's not gonna
work so here so for some reason it has
not stopped raining all day and when I
mean all day from the time we woke up
this morning and I woke up pretty early
today for the time that it is now which
is dinner time it hasn't stopped raining
so I'm surprised I'll actually give
Ottawa props for not flooding today but
me and Sylvia are going to go over in
our paddleboat this is what we call a
terrible and now they don't drive cars
anymore
paddle boat to the mall we're gonna go
pick up some food because on the diet
game strong guy wolfies gotta be eating
healthy because I took my life's core
test on life some to see how your boy
Wolfie was doing like what I was not
eating right what I need to eat more of
and the lights core test is basically
like a forty one question quiz that ask
you about your fitness about your eating
habits and when you've done the quiz it
gives you a score out of 150 showing you
what you need to improve on and it tells
you everything from the experts what you
need to do to improve to get the way you
want to get deal the way you want to
feel so I took the test and check this
out not a bad score
it's a hundred and eight out of 150 I
mean it could be better but if we go
down right here
it says the two ways that I can improve
are by eating more berries which I
definitely need to do this because I
don't eat enough fruit and me which was
surprising to me eating more seafood
never in my entire life of my 17 years
on this earth that I expect to be told
to eat more seafood so I'm kind of
shocked kind of surprised I'm not gonna
lie but whatever they say goes because
your boy has to be Ryan's waves on this
fitness diet wolfy diet sways journey so
we about to pick up like all the berries
all the fish all the shrimp because
that's what we need to be related and
check this out it even says my salt
intake sugar intake they're both good
unsaturated fat could be better in red
meat all of these definitely could be
better I like eating my treats and stuff
like that my veggies and fruits and
exercise need to improve that's
obviously the main three things that I
need to improve on and then the biggest
thing that I need to stop doing
completely is processed food your boy
needs to stop with eating out and some
other questions on a life score test for
example some of the ones I answered
where when you eat pasta or pasta or
spaghetti do you eat whole wheat or do
you eat white I've been eating holy for
so long because my mom forced me to eat
it I actually enjoy it more than weight
just like with my bread even though I
don't need too much bread I eat whole
wheat bread before I eat white just
because it tastes normal to me now and
another one of the questions was just
how often do you eat out a week which is
obviously my downfall I was really
honest with the test I could have lied
but I'm not going to get where I want to
get if I lie to test and there is a
really great free version of the
lifestyle but I happen to have the
premium version because you know kids
sadly they hooked it up which gives me
even more access to a bunch of different
meal plans and more information about
various foods and you also get access to
thousands of recipes of food in the app
so he and Sylvia don't have to look
anywhere else we just pulled up at
Loblaws and we are going to go pick up
this through one of the most healthy
fruits that I can even think of getting
organic blueberry alert these are what
they have in the picture so these are
what I'm going to be eating and your boy
is really craving shrimp and they said
to eat seafood so I think we're going to
go with some shrimp I'm really craving
raspberries to try and you played
yourself I know exactly what to eat now
kale scratch the shrimp that I was going
to eat because my mom actually made a
seafood dinner alert with salmon sweet
potato fries is exactly what I need
oh my gosh Lydia yeah miss grupe potato
price here you go thanks for you need
those blueberry houses right actually
just watching did you work out yep
earlier today so are you reading down on
you guys
diet Ryan consists of did you workout
today as I went to the parking workout
no II did look at the vlog I want to
watch the vlog well if you outside
Vitamix wolfy wraps calm you're laughing
you're like pizza Pete's my orders to
this address and then no stress okay
guys so Ryan is sweating his workout was
sitting on the couch today it gets a
little hot in the t-mobile house so I
gotta give him a break for that but I
ate pretty well today diet wolfy is
going to be hopefully a continued series
we're going to get these if you need to
get DS come on this journey with me
let's do it together
all right Wilson I'm going to end the
vlog downstairs in the basement because
it's nice and chilly and it is the
perfect place to do bear push-ups that's
gold there's not a wolf em every push-up
is one like I need on the video ten
thousand ten thousand one ten thousand
five hundred billion trillion but
seriously guys I'm gonna end the vlog
off here because I need to work out in
the basement get one last little workout
on I did a little one earlier and to
finish it off today get my sweat on you
not forget to go down and smash the like
button on this video if you enjoyed
another day in the life of every day
more Wolfie and we do a big every single
day also another huge shudder to life
some for sponsoring this video I need
all of you guys to go down to the link
at the top of the description and
download the app for free that way we
can all get fit together if you guys
have a goal for yourself just know that
I will be here I'll try to motivate all
the world fam at home so that we can get
into our ultimate feeling body ultimate
feeling like all together because it's
very easy to do it when you do it with
people but I'm here with you and spirit
wolf a few mates at the very end of the
blog comment down below that it will be
because we back baby and I will see you
guys doing are more Wolfie where we say
a little bit more savage than my main
channel and oh they savage I know
