good morning a yo what's going to score
will be welcome back tomorrow Wolfie
today is a litany we just going to
shooting a video for my channel so
morning morning morning good morning
commander since I buzzed guys 5 5 p.m.
okay I have on the set of log until now
I admit okay but still it's going to be
a live dog and I have drone shots all
that I hope you guys are having an
amazing day
hope you guys are remember to stay
savage because we always do that and
most importantly I hope you didn't
forget to smash the like button with
your nose why I see twice mar 3 2016 2
the blog neutral can you blast the music
uncia
till you get inches 100 K when I edit
oh yeah buy my merch will scraps calm
this sale is almost over so hurry up
guys don't have the merch already go get
it the next wave is coming out soon it's
also going to be even more less than the
first place are you gonna play a song I
ran long I get I get again yeah this
long to the Jake and looking for this
time you want me to play the
instrumental
I will job in it I will get a hold of
business yo yeah you're right
yeah you're black I'll just what that's
what you get that's that alright ok ok
come on Don this guy's a and this is the
VIP reduced for the Jake Paul and Logan
Paul discharge either or not we're not
using cuz it's over yeah we're not using
them this is the sample B this is not
know these like make one I me I think
the beats per minute some like a Tom 20
I know that's been and we're not even
making a Jake and living for this hope
we're hitting everybody room but you
said you hate love them as a whole I
said if you need like I didn't punch
them in the face guys with what's the
hell you need them guys we're making it
didn't like coming soon for everybody
because everybody gets it don't think
we're not doing that we've been trying
to find like the right beat and this is
not the beat bro it's not to be so not
to beat the first verse is on my channel
so come check it out and we'll drop it
will drop in 150,000 like 150 mm on the
9th video and we're just a comedic he
just dis
six word can we just get a Red Bull
shoutout Canada for being a hundred and
fifty years old almost just almost as
old as I am sweet legit guys I'm 70 oh
no now I'm 35 me and Charlie iron
brothers you know this clip was supposed
to transition to our graduate supposed
to be cool it was supposed to be put and
you were trying nothing cool so I'm not
knowing obviously there's no I'm going
to give you a chance
and there's the wavy transition here so
guys I'm thinking about like switching
up my vlogs because like they've been
really boring lately because it's like
how close the angle of the camera is and
like sometimes it gets here it gets like
like quadruple chin so I was thinking
hit the like button if you guys want to
see more vlogs like this from this angle
oh my god keep that fisheye you guys
literally you could see the whole world
grow here at the grocery store
Ryan's buying barbecue sauce I'm got my
energy drink because I need the energy
and what about what about this angle
imagine my girth daily vlogger that's
building from a bird drive viewers guys
check home my head's at the top of my
head ridiculous comment down below if
you want to do that so we just pulled
into some like park over here super nice
like waterfall and there's a view of the
river keep this outside me and Ryan
really have not much to do today
so we're just out here traveling looking
at what's good check this out guys I
don't know if we're supposed to be here
but there is a friggin piano there's a
piano here I'm not going to touch it
because I don't know what's going on
over here but look at this view Jase
it's always nice to get outdoors every
once in a while just walk around enjoy
nature enjoy life but you know what's
even better than just looking at it from
this camera looking at it from this
yeah okay nothing nothing better than a
good drone shot hey come here come here
come here
Hey here here here
yeah like a wolfy China beef yo ah ah
wolf you like likes rough play guys this
is out Cho Cho ah
Oh actually waiting you don't make
something closely doesn't play good as
soon as you say owl watch this out he
starts with an E kiss hey kiss alright
good boy now fight alright
out out out good boy you sure know how
good you are you're super well-trained
show them fight bike better don't bite
but just go off crazy crazy crazy wolfy
crazy ow
good boy so we're chilling out of couch
right now guys and I wanted to see if
Silvio's down for something but she's
definitely not gonna be happy to see
because have you seen it yet no okay
basically like two blogs ago we did the
Smasher pass challenge and we actually
did it because when me and so we did it
the first time we did it with
celebrities because when you do with
youtubers it's completely different it's
like hey I'm a youtuber there youtubers
they're gonna probably see it not like
the real crazy crazy celebrities so I I
did it with girls I did it with girls
and I did it with guys but it was all
just like bongos or mod Mon because
bubbles and the girls my mom was a
single mother single when he was going
off I told my every disclaimer I'm a
relationship mine I'm not going to talk
to any of these girls I don't want to
talk to any of them
yeah you do yeah so now I'm going to
show Silvia this mashup ass video so
this could cause a breakup
um this because a freight so smash alike
but look it's also almost 3:00 in the
morning
let's get reacting to this great then
why is the dog so hyper right now good
boy coming freeze good boy we're gonna
cut your hair soon and Wolfie you're
trying to play at 3:00 in the morning
can I have this a napkin average check
yeah this'll let me read it
Eagle sergeant Lee Badgett 3mk there
here we go Silvia here's a laptop they
react like that anyway they're alright
guys so here we go I'll just rest your
happening okay so the trick thing we are
going to not only be doing girls but
we're doing guys as well well it's your
reaction but it's not not smashing I've
seen you wish you can you the baguette
wait no let's all imagine you know how
the dogs are fighting yeah not okay not
here if there's no careful with the guys
okay guys okay guys know it's about
together no idea first one is like one
so yeah I'm happy there is just a couple
for chilling doesn't mean anything the
hey I'm not gonna have to be pursue
anything at exactly a game we call guy
for the game that's a Brook oh yeah
there's a whole bit this is just whether
I think I was I was like kicking with
them the most mashup Anthony connotation
guy unfortunately but it's like if I
think our killer all right cool how are
you doing object and I'm not saying on
the kicking run like I'm playing yet
you're always playing again yeah my
hydrate are guys the question is like
not not like way are we reaction yeah me
go level is listed
watch all the market no way three two
one
sausages breath my twinkly rook I feel
like she's a nice girl
I'm here okay
I'm Shane balls are just old was that
will skip the guys
oh you didn't get any measure yeah I'm
gonna skip ahead chaise rug there's a
smash we're gonna go to Logan Paul is
there Brian squeeze in the past three
two one
here you go yeah not like all right do
you think I hit what do you think I hate
you guys about math ha - I love the past
I feel like they're very different year
old of course that there's a nice
document good employees you're actually
here to PE and super happy for me that I
feel like I can hold it I would love to
take both of them on a very romantic
I would love to well done both of them
simultaneously
how are these pata trees that might use
any put too much all right I would
gladly do that I had to put pass so now
let me just gold it wonderful woman yes
I'll be a wonderful grave this market
lately yeah
so bad he will look at me
personality-wise that's my hide it
yelling run through my goodness so I'm
going going all right I don't
oh darling God Wow yo can you guys relax
no fighting Thank You Trevor like
daddy's gonna break up with mommy
because I'm not Jojo - that's either mad
Jojo - summary oh here you go
what I'm loyal black ninja go ahead Lisa
one all right three here - what is the
issue oh my god hello I love her - never
I will be some really long as an
advocate right now
yeah we'll see we're trying to watch a
video right now buddy come in what man
my girlfriend very much a lot all right
try to get the ball all right though the
next one is the pique buddy kill we got
you your meeow meeow meeow meeow means
so on this is the last one action did
you have like this the last one of me
hey let's see you what do you think I
did this is the way it is right I broke
three two one exactly that's a 500 I
know guys
that's a girlfriend reacting to smash a
button I'm actually very impressed -
eating those complete savage mode on
that because why would I go savage room
take him in guys this is a relationship
trust test I held off doing that video
for as long as possible but at the end
of day
you guys do what you got to do and I
have a have stress in our relationship
and I know a Smasher passage not going
to be the end of it mm-hmm so yes if
that is the other release typically not
yeah touch it
it's not bad at all Bongo is going one
Bob was talking for everybody in the
room he was trying to he's just like ah
I know what everyone thinks I'll hold it
up and I was like God Bongo no I
actually passed the chance
so liveries you'll guys that's
girlfriend racula my parents of fascism
thank you bad girl she's going to bury
my cash flow I'm serious I'm taking a
dog no Brig what do you think what are
you fearful boycotting yes it's area
committee good boy whoopee whoopee
the Badger Pass will be absolutely
stretcher hey buddy is like me anymore
hi guys so I broke up the family they
don't read anyway we the whole issue got
divorced we got the price all right guys
we're getting divorced I'll see you guys
in the am Wow oh I'm just joking guys
I'm ending the vlog off there because we
have a freaking busy day tomorrow
officially if 3 a.m. so they've got our
earrings right there she's putting them
on on the camera not we have to be up
early tomorrow because there's
officially I think like two more days
until we go to LA so we're getting
everything we need to get done here
there's a lot of again I'll say this
there's a lot of behind-the-scenes stuff
that you guys just need to say excited
about if you have not watched my last
video go to my last vlog smash the like
button on that one and this one but if
we hit 60 thousand likes on yesterday's
vlog I will be buying easy for a fan I
told smooth I would get them the easy so
we got a bear subs now let's get up the
easy okay
also shout out to their mouths keep keep
killing it bro I see a channel I see a
trickshot stealing's
also in LA there will definitely be some
merch giveaways so stay tuned for that
we're going to do meetups we're gonna do
the whole kid manic in nine years
wherever that cord is Wolfie do our
merch you don't get it I don't care
comment down below wolf if you made it
to the end of the vlog wolf you're up
start crying go Gator me right now and I
will see you guys soon
I was just a car crash outside and I was
you guys doing on mobile where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and oh wait hey badge no peace
