good morning wolf fam what does get at
your boy wolfy welcome back to more
wolfy I hope everyone watching the video
is having a fantastic day okay
we always stay savage over here so
nothing really fazes us guys today I am
starting the day off by picking up drunk
Dave last night I think he had like a
crazy night so this guy called me up
like 10 minutes ago and he's like yo
we'll see you later he called me
Charlie's like yellow Charlie Brown like
uh I need you I usually come get me I'm
like you don't have your car he's like
yeah my car bro like so I'm so dead
Justin what are you doing dog smash the
like button for jeonggyun and we'll
bring them back into more videos we'll
do like some drunken a's like like in
the good old days before YouTube was
absolutely wild but yeah I hope everyone
stays crazy
positive today because today we are
surprising a fan with that hot whoopie
wraps merch will react not calm go calm
yourself some of you having coughs um
what do you do it see the website right
here here here here here here yeah and
yesterday's vlog I told you guys that in
my main channel video I was like hosting
a bit of a contest where I was going to
give away free merch to some kids
shipping some merch and personally
delivering it in person in person with
me in person and Ryan sways in person
because you guys deserve it okay you
guys support me every single day you
guys like my videos all the time you
guys are showing me mad love constantly
so I have to get back to you guys so now
we're going to be doing a little later
on in the day but let's get the day
started
dog quick little update on my neck
hickey I mean rash situation as you guys
can see it's slowly going down so it's
not it's not a hickey guys hickeys are
bruises okay this is a rash this is a
hickey I'll show you a picture of a
Nikita - guys I'm officially going to
kill David literally this guy has been
texting me con stop because I thought he
wanted me to pick him up from the boys
house turns out this guy was at his
house and he wants me to pick him up to
take him to the place house to get his
car because drunk did was drunk date
last night and obviously don't drink a
drive okay and you never want to be
doing that responsible Dave I'll give
him that but at the same time I'm almost
at the boy's house now and now I have to
turn around to go get Dave so Dave I'm
going to do it because I'm your friend
and I love you but your snake shout-out
to nav go
okay so guys it's just a waiting game
the message the two guys we're going to
deliver merge two today
Ryan's talking to one of them I'm
talking to one yeah great YouTube
channel guys the one dude that we are
going to deliver merch - his name is
smooth bar for and the reason he's
getting merch today is because like
we've been like low-key watching his
videos for a minute the cutest little
black kid you'll ever see in your life
this guy's says everything we say every
single line looks like it's been written
down you know what I mean he knows
Ryan's punchlines my punch line Shawn
Jaz everybody's punch lines he says in
his videos and it's like this guy's like
probably one of the biggest album fans
in the world so Ryan slid in his dmg
makes YouTube videos I will show you a
clip of like what what this guy does
right now smash your like button if
you're not wearing socks no no the
game's teasing me alright guys this is
Joel are you doing let's go guys if you
like the video less fast as you guys can
see this dude is an elbow Nader we
didn't really have a group name so I
just made a group name for a fans now
anyway so Ryan's messaging him we're
probably going to swing by his house
hopefully everything goes well hopefully
he likes the merch I mean he should like
the merch is pretty rocks
you did he said it will be home in an
hour he'll be home in an hour okay so
smooth getting it and then the other
person is getting the merch is bear melt
this dude lives pretty far from where I
live but you know I can get there pretty
quick in the Batmobile so we're going to
deliver him merch as well hopefully he
likes it again shudder to all the people
that commented on my main channel video
and went off in the comments pausing my
video they like literally the only way
you could have commented everything was
pausing the video every two seconds
because that's how many memes there was
you know is like over 200 so that shows
your dedication you deserve the merch
but we're not done giving out merch
there we're going to keep giving out
much tell everybody in this friggin
planet as much every single person
you're drunk Dave
I was drunk Dave alright drive
responsibly kids we've been driving for
about 20 minutes right now we're on a
road you'll see the first guys are
getting the merch I'm amped to see some
wool
Pam who take that much time condition
shows their dedication so they deserve
the merger you can see right now we're
on the highway this is a really big
mission but this is what I do for my
supporter talk to you soon though I'm
not I got so a minute away I don't
really know where we're going right now
but I'm good
they're supposed to be right here now to
get the shades on it said we reached our
destination so I'm going to pull over
here and look at my GPS to make sure we
are in the right spot it's just a number
oh yeah there's people pulling out of
this house and it's not the right house
I got a backup hi I think this is the
housing here that's on my hand there's
no car in the garage or I'm pulling up
skirt so now I'm going to slide in this
guy's the m's and say here all caps
because technically four tiers no
capability prank with young school
knocking majority I was a good night
nice to meet you what's your name
alright thank you so are you good how
long did that take you good welcome
morning there you just pause the video
every like once it along yeah deletes
happen hopefully he will grow we got you
the new Wolfie
right now your savage merge damage it
has like three people in Ottawa
appetizer my group and I
trying on people equation G guys this is
this is the first first of wearing of
the of the Savitch ad and it looked over
today nice perfectly built no the
hottest merch I know it sound like a God
Church except if you watch like you want
some main channel videos yeah like
everything so if I ask you a question
you'll know it you might know it I'm
like you're putting them on this one I
got to put you on the spot you can call
lifeline me you're like well I got to
ask you like two questions do you know
who's in team album yes it was in female
behind David multi-use in it take the
hood work yeah you're missing one and
all on the note comes in now he's
polyfoam the tall taller than me I said
chest oh did you I think so okay so you
got everything okay what's my
girlfriend's name so easy
don't you always tell you that one you
know my dog's name is the new doll that
I just bought
okay that's I'll give him I'll let him
fight on our cats like three vlog though
but do you want to show anyone else on
your channel you make youtube videos
these jabs daily no you know like okay
bro showed oh yeah toto wolff em
anything you know a thumbnail to camera
you know a channel deer mouse upload
really like I'll tell that up are you
showing videos oh please looking at I
don't know if they're focus that focus a
bro
I have to be in here let me get this oh
my god like you just switch their mouth
and then melt upon that will pop up you
upload daily you just having 22
chocolates was their best to suck I can
show you I'm - are you okay if you watch
me yeah okay towards yo fee you guys
need to drop trickshotting videos now
I'm going to call you out I'm going to
come see you in LA and now I'm going to
be like yo where the hell is the trick
shot videos like one you guys don't play
caught anymore what's going on I don't
know if you guys can see that but when
we were taking pictures this guy was
like shaking like a mod one
I'm assuming he's a huge wolf um I knew
you didn't know the name of the dollar I
keep putting that question on people but
his name is clover his name is conde
okay I recently named him like three
blocks ago it's a low-key name shout out
to dare melts both subscribe to the man
Pelham I sent you he's a legend he does
trickshot daily uploading daily I broke
old egg daily uploading are you kidding
me very hard thing to do he friggin
edits his own stuff um he was just
telling me about the grind like he has
to go back and forth between two houses
to get videos done so shout out to him
the next person we're going to see is
smooth bar 4 which is the guy I told you
guys about hopefully he's excited - lets
get it smooth by again not pee so
quickly before we go to see this guy
basically uh he has a video series he
watches all of our stuff right so he
makes these videos where he unbox his
Pokemon cards but in one of his videos
elbow lie yo yo yo I might have to talk
but yeah there's one series where he
drops Pokemon videos and he had to buy
fake Pokemon cards because he's just
like he's like I don't have the money to
buy the Pokemon cards so I had to buy
the fake so everything's gonna be fake
so just disclaimer so we're going to the
store right now and we're gonna call him
bear cards real cards so that he can
unlock some packs and David knows all
the things about Pokemon cards over the
whole of you which practically gonna
turn in lose these means rising
Guardians rising easy yeah no no this is
like a siren oh we don't need a starter
deck we don't have any I want to trust
save it on whatever to get hold those
are the packages all rights move I got
us here guys also a classic youtuber
game is Pie Face so I'm going to get
them this and then a fidget spinner for
trick shots because as a youtuber
personally I know that video supply
ideas are just the way via swaption to
go and getting like presents period I
like video supply ideas that's what
Sylvia got me for my birthday
so I'm gonna call this guy bare ideas so
that he can film some bangers so at the
next location let's go see smooth yo man
are you a good
right making me pick up the jewels hey
hey hi good this is family hey let's go
what's up baby
so connect with your the road yeah
Charlie nice to meet you thanks my rider
1988 motoring first thing the hoodie hey
well like a they gotta put it on oh
maybe a venue I'm gonna don't came out
as I know you're youtubers I got you pie
faces it's on that I guess I bought you
real Pokemon and I got to limit it did
you pick yourself no really
but you have to answer a few questions
yeah you watch like me or do you watch
like everybody for me okay I can tell
how you pop in your videos in elbow um
if you employ Tabitha James David parody
your song girl crying please hey you
know just nothing yes you know it's
catchphrase
so yeah good like we had to bring you
some because we're we've been watching
your videos we watch all your videos I
wanted to get a Ouija board for you
because I know you know let's see if you
do it but you might be a little scared
for that way I do you want to shout out
your channel yeah smooth high school
how do you write it s mo ve var fo you
are right if you're loyal to my fan
subscribe to his channel let's see how
many subscribers we can get them in one
day because you literally make the same
concept we miss it already know it
drivers a man is going to be late which
is better hon you got to see this is a
smallest becoming independent we're
working on the extra small but it might
be a little do you edit all your own
videos yeah my other healthy pros hey
you're drowning I love that it's cool
that you're growing too you're going to
pick I need to get for my eyes look yeah
here put this on
here I got a family
guys smash the like button if we can hit
sixty thousand likes when we go to LA I
will buy you these for smooth ever done
to him sixty thousand like flashlight
gun here guys oh my god that makes me
happy to see fans getting happy as I was
true bringing joy as mom was happy you
brought the whole family the fam
supports him
literally I'm pretty much good for the
day in house like now after meeting him
and dare melts we're pretty much we're
good so now haven't even need and I had
to bring the stuff to the wolf at first
because they always get priority and
then I'll eat after because the grind
doesn't stop baby
so everybody subscribed to both of those
guys okay I will leave a link to both
their channels in the description let's
give them ridiculous amounts of support
get some thousands amount of subscribers
because they drop good stop there most
of the trickshotting in college of you
so if you like game and go subscribe to
him and smooth pretty much drops what i
and like what trig in my whole friends
are up so very make them like salute
they don't have that I don't they don't
make a comment down below they don't
make a likes move down below let's get a
billion comments to just show all the
love will found you if you if you should
me go subscribe to the man okay it's lit
anyways we're gonna go get food now
because we deserve a nice meal after
that guys whenever we go to pursue she
Charlie gets stressed of all your order
with skin cool
I don't eat salmon roe sushi and only
flying fish eggs a flying fish egg and I
love we like fish eggs that's not as
wealthy is super salad
orange you know Ryan picks me office I
got clean way right but what of the rice
shake I don't like me they have seasoned
it I'm not a P gonna corn no not am i
right I'm already now and I'm writing
down a notes what I got me and I've only
touched gonna take a deep sigh guys off
watch are you think I'm joking bonus you
know please because I right we could
watch it I will put on those I feel what
are you getting buddy so the fuck hey
bless y'all looking forward you arguing
one one ship Templar I already got I
know yes I'll get one for mine
it comes about it's alright King for it
yeah well you are you want only one all
right I got to you play with me I put
two people on the next Asian Munro's who
did it and delivers their place of
creation yo me and Ryder the scaloppini
Road we're good
I'll make sure table clean exactly
Nordic village of Dorchester David bro I
leave it ordered baby it's salmon pizza
David order seaweed fries Raymond it's
made to holy tripe on a new and then not
like it and then we have interactive he
has problems with Yelp did nope
deal with where's the chicken cutlet
with egg when you're eating that though
you're already has come come come tell
me I'm not eating it that one's under
the knife get there can you order six
million worth furniture shopping for the
boys house
and there's only one way to buy couches
and that way is just sit in them and
right away I know if I'm going to like
it or not this one's a no-go cuz I wanna
no go no go
my coaches I like to sink in the flat of
the back is where I just sit up stiff
back like this oh this is old my back C
Street
I want to relaxing vibe this is not
relaxing why am i shopping for the boys
I don't know look at this top twice
light on top toys why do you leave the
light on light off yeah I don't know it
just looks really here power magic this
couch has chargers in the side of the
coach keep these Chargers would be eight
this is crazy
built-in wireless speakers why does it
couch me about nobody knows comes with
milk and cookies for Santa
Wow
right now he's leaving
ah you want look ma look ah alright
can't a little girls left I'll catch you
up
Cassius looking next time buddy found
the biggest fell guys this is Ryan's
face this is my face
hey what good is you boy will be and
welcome back to boom horrible so we're
just treating me I'm watching rise
please video cuz we need you that's true
what are you doing that's relatable
chill going just keep talking bro are
you trying to say from this what are you
trying to say guys guys he's the new
district I prefer guys let Ryan know to
shave his mustache and everyone comment
shave your mustache and leave your beard
if you've been growing for too long it's
getting a nice sturdy row it's a dirty
old house it's a gay bi whole family
have to prove I feel definitely laughs
Leah laughs Jack really the first verse
oh yeah it's the first guys oh so we saw
the video got 100,000 Whitehall's not
you got a hundred likes yo chill chill
chill you promised them idaho the wolf
it I promised them to let me time no no
no no one Jim half a life give him half
a life ah Jake Paul and his crew okay
that's it a quantity that's it those I
love terribly now you're making a bigger
mess I'm making outline so guys I saw a
ball mattress I'm scared of birds you
listen to turn you'll so I'm not no
right all right bum oh oh yeah aren't
even chilled um like that even like it
like that okay okay that piece of the
pie oral cries nice some time
ah never have I met Danny with eyes
closed yeah 15 million views in 10
minutes the kind of high if I respect
you
blogs are crazy but I got always wanna
see the only man you can get a david
obie wise I'm coming for ya
I'm country Liza Khushi yeah you're
beautiful you're talented I don't care I
don't even count on it yo you got bars
you get more views than me it's
astounding in one second I'm begging for
likes I'm hounding you don't have to beg
for legs you still hit 500,000 links on
every video kind of bad and I'm going on
my slope so I'm rabid it's pretty much
what we're trying to say like aliens
greetings it like you need everyone in
the club beat up like you and your
behavior seriously guys the diss track
is we're starting to work on it now
because there's a hundred four thousand
like I oughta whup you done 2017 Oh
Drake Todd black want to be black the
crew strap oh yes I gave all the bars
now you're hos here for nothing my bars
would have been good at your open my
advice would have been get cuz okay I'm
hos that's not my wife because that's
garbage
that's not my dad trap Jake polish I
want me to tell the J for us to go on
you up I love bill attack right now bro
Jay Paul why why all the Jay callers and
they're also white on the day father
you're a little gangster
when did I hear I'm a low game caller
rolling chair every day you ate big
balls logician are you I think maybe
everything of us go there was a lot of
Saudi opposes okay but surprise me
brother instead bucks no not our brother
reactive surprising with it says bus
idiot both tip-off for life
I hear head anyways guys now I can talk
sure she's finally shutting up you guys
did a hundred days off through horrible
worth in you cuz my bad news when we got
floating on ok ok
I would know okay okay your name is your
name is your name is Ryan 300k view
seven days oh my god we better part our
ways because I only get a million in one
day yeah I'm going on I'm irrelevant you
get less
them off until a bit I don't even
celebrate oh my god ah tell me I'm not
the best this shot rapper off the head
I'm coming at all your head tops what
I'm trying to say 100,000 likes and I
will put those bars on paper but my bars
are better when I am really so get ready
for the diss track comment down below
who you want me to come out because I'll
come at the biggest pewdiepie I love
your content you ditched me a few times
so good I'll come on your head top yeah
why the Koshi I love you so much you're
larger but I'm still coming your head
chopped never go break your vlogs are
four minutes and twenty check out there
yes I love your crew I'm so que je crois
it doesn't matter who you are even if I
love you if I hate you
I'm coming at your head top because I'm
getting irrelevant and these views I
really need them okay so just let me
have my one diss track and it might be
those that I want another like this yeah
yeah you could be like who do you want
to do do you want to do who's your
favorite youtuber oh you okay
other than me right off my grub right
dog that rascal right no irate right gum
bro he's funny he's got but no okay so
this guy loves no no gonna come on their
house going for the boys boys so you're
coming other heads up now the discharged
boy it's whatever is your favorite
youtuber like the 10 piccolo because
that's who you got to come back but even
though we like you guys though if I
don't know what charleen guys come
though cuz like yo that's that's your
turf that's your boy that's your boy oh
you say oh I'm coming for ya yo Brian
please write the tittle oh he drove a
drugs gun coming for a draw
we often tell a little bit after Masha
made the video
all right with that all right there's a
private video private video that Jeb
wants to make it's gonna be a banger has
to do with rug eyes and what come on
drugs insane now my girlfriend's drug if
you're watching this I'm making the
video right so like button if you want
to see that give you a hug your rough
one to the rug how much do you don't
have you know love I had you were 30 40
K yeah yeah well get 75 thousand likes
on this vlog I will make the video the
story time so you guys won't be wrong
now you stole my girl hopes everything
like you're one man hit the light one
right now I'm not setting any trouble no
not for all got some under the rug Oh
kidding you my cut your face yoga not
run your face wrong Brian whoa Molly
likes you reliance your kids love Brian
loves of us you want to give her a man
no liar
because it's a meanie yeah I'm saying
take you at the brain coming in your
lane I'll give us yeah we'll be in the
savage whoa BAM it's better than the
Maverick bro be quiet like a mouse gee I
built a hamster I'm not the house up i
watch all your bitch cuz you mad funny
but I'm Way better and you to me okay
Logan don't kill me just for that line
okay I love the Mavericks I love bertie
hate pigeons not recision those urinal
oh so tell me about a bit know we're all
kid we're kidding guys but at the same
time we're coming at a stop on that note
so guys I think it's about time to make
your boy a go fund me page I think I
need to go fund me pages honestly my
hairline it's been like not even a week
since I got my last haircut and my hair
is growing out it's so nappy on the top
ridiculously that beats the
seismological man full of fade is now
pretty much gone and I leave to LA in
the next couple of days so I gotta look
fresher more than LA so I'm just gonna
put this hat on you guys can't see
anything right now
check out Prince Prince is just about
ready to go to bed right now this guy is
in between the couch crack in the pillow
he's so comfy
right Prince he loves to get his belly
rubs well Wolfie jr. is over here right
wolf
look at they're so tired they're billion
want to move and I talk usually like
when I talk they wake up and then they
stare at me looking like a mean face and
they're not even doing i right now which
means they're exhausted but me the
grinders would stop people okay we don't
stop aside to the GoFundMe page I'm
about to comb a banner for cilia channel
we have to stock up on bear videos
because going to LA and yes we say we're
going to film a lot when we're there yes
I vlog a lot over there but the main
channel videos sometimes they take a lot
of time to prep and stuff like that
sometimes we don't get as much done as
we would like to filming main channel
wives while we're out there so you got
to have options and have backup plans so
the back-up plan is just grind out as
many main Channel videos as I can here
before we go
so we're filming a video for her channel
it's basically like gonna involve me
wearing makeup and trivia about makeup
and speaking of hair Sylvia got a new
haircut and hair dye check it out it's
brown now this is what I've always liked
Sylvia with I met her when she had black
hair and then she went blonde on me
nothing against blood I'm just a
brunette guy so check the hair you look
weird because the lights terrible here
you guys stand over here
yeah you guys stand over here they can't
see it
nobody can see it you have to step by me
Sam behind me where the Lighting's good
guys this is a cold case now they can
see it check out the color right there
guys that's flicky okay do a L'Oreal
twirl and I'll put it in slow motion
alright I don't know Ilario goes on that
anyways we're doing a video for Sylvia's
channel now I'm gonna end the vlog off
there Prince you want to end it for me
rope are you passed out
are you absolutely passed out can you
can you end it for me Prince Prince
hello Chris
talk to me alright thought that was your
head - both hey Prince can you end the
blog for me Jesus yeah alright I will
end the blog out there I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did do not forget to go
down and smash that like button like we
always do let's hit 40,000 likes
actually 60 thousand likes and we will
get smooth some new Jeezy's when we go
down lay on now you want to crawl on me
now you want to call on me bro fix your
here it's inside oh there you go good
way okay 60,000 likes for the Yeezys 4
smooth smooth I will get you these the
wool families has to push me there also
comment down below
fund me please sponsor Wolfie because if
GoFundMe doesn't sponsor me a page or
something or make me a page one of you
guys has to because literally our
YouTube is tough these days I'm trying
to stay out of the drama so I'm not
getting any money anymore it's really
it's really tough I can't afford
haircuts anymore so I need to go fund me
page I feel like Ryan sways ciders back
well if you what the hell are you doing
whoopee good boy no see you guys soon on
Laura will do where we say a little bit
more spammers in my main channel and oh
thanks average that was few guys
tomorrow with another banger blog and as
always stays out as I go
