this is the first official Bank Act so I
can move in to this new house I know
what your boy will be welcome back to
more Wolfie today is Super Bowl Sunday
shoutouts to all my Cowboys fans and my
49ers fans congratulations for having
your teams in the Super Bowl today's
vlog is gonna be super lit because today
we're gonna be trolling Super Bowl fans
so before we begin the vlog you guys
already know what it is make sure to go
down and smash that like button
let's hit 35 now smash - let's hit 35
thousand likes on this video
whoa fam because you guys know I love my
light game gotta like the video before
you watch I mean it's pretty fucking
simple anyways I hope you guys are
having an amazing day today is gonna be
fun because basically no trolls banks is
a huge Patriots fan it's the Patriots in
the Super Bowl and literally this
morning I heard him start his vlog off
and like when he's vlogging you know
he's having a good day
so obviously you don't want to piss him
off but I like to piss people off
especially when they're watching a sport
they love I've been watching the Super
Bowl since I was a kid my dad's always
been a big fan of football I like
football
I understand all the rules of football I
played football but it's like I don't
really care about the Super Bowl it's
just like not my thing
sports in general I don't really care to
watch so what we're gonna do we're going
to the face house to watch the game I'm
gonna see how many comments so I can get
it before this snaps because literally I
was like yo banks we should bet on the
game he's like no nobody bets against
Patriots I can't even do that as a joke
I was like all right bet in other news
Kylie Jenner has a baby to announce
congratulations Kylie this is like a
news channel at this point let's get the
day started
yo stop watching Kylie Jenner's Davie
video well stop watching Kylie Jenner
David yeah we got on the Super Bowl who
you got in the Super Bowl okay say a
team no say a team
the boy is yo Ryan who you got a Super
Bowl well it's me honest yeah I think
I'm going to the Milwaukee Bucks no no
please save me who you got who you got
little what about the Alouettes hello
what the Mafia fell to you oh my god yo
do you want please save me bro who you
got why are you guys talking about the
Super Bowl maverick we don't do what
everybody does okay go against the grain
water breaks my race yet for life I
really didn't want to do this you guys
know I'm doing well on my diet I don't
like eating taco bar I don't like eating
out but Super Bowl is one of my days
like period that I cheat obviously like
pizza wings that banks ordered mad subs
to the house but I don't eat premade
subs so I'm getting food before we could
cool and Silvia likes talk about so imma
pick her up top as well Gabe also
convinced me to get this blue slushie
extra sugar is it a wave yeah bro that's
the best thing they talked about cue the
clip me spitting it out next clip
alright my official smoothie review
right here they don't have any straws so
already that's an L second out of the
day that's no we gotta get ready for the
Super Bowl I gotta make sure I look nice
oh yeah - I'll make sure you look good
buy-in for sure wait no no no no no no
I'm really not welcome back to wolf your
apps more wolfy we're I'm gonna give you
guys a phase house tour because now
we're allowed to show the house oh my
god
what a big room where
it hasn't to Ralph's they've got a
crock-pot this is the first time you
came to the house say you haven't seen
the biggest closet yet you have not seen
look at this kitchen table yeah this is
what they use for mafia they only use
this for mafia you'll come look at the
stairs Sylvia they're downstairs in the
theater look down and up yeah there's a
nothing actually is an elevator but
we're not going in the elevator today
I think everyone's in the theater the
game starts in 30 minutes guys
I can hear nikan yelling oh these got
food and everything
mad subs mad chips don't mind if I do
well do you run for it
I don't know how much of the game I
could show you because I'm already
nervous because on the screen
overthrow over
so the game is partway through the
second quarter and guys it is literally
like what a football fan can ask for
like it's a fucking great game right now
Eagles are up I think they're up like
nine three or something like that
everybody in this house except for me
and Ryan just because we're rooting for
the underdogs is wanting the Patriots to
win everyone's like gold bats
every play every woods cheering it's so
dark in there but me and Ryan are trying
to get the Eagles win we want the Eagles
W today because we're not bandwagon is
okay you know about savages we know
follow the trans guys let's go here we
go
missing every single half times here
Justin Timberlake's performing at half
guys don't care about Justin Timberlake
before I love them but I don't want to
see it no one no one give you just like
oh he's great but very probably not
right now how to watch the game night
but you're really performing at half I'm
excited let's go
shut up to the underdogs Eagles winning
10 1/2 yo why'd you why'd you bet me on
the Patriots huh why did you say the
features favorite guys look at my snap
I'm only going for whoever's winning if
they went in there my team ok ok ok
like everyone is out here chillin
everyone there's no there's no cats or
dogs who stronger
anyways guys anyways guys special guests
coming here in five minutes
get ready for the special guests chill
look at you you're on drugs he's coked
out this dog look seriously look at him
so guys special guest texted me and said
he wanted to pull up because he's like
oh what are you doing and I told him I
was like bro if you don't message me and
we don't link next time you come to LA
I'm gonna have a problem so he's like
okay I'm back in LA
ugly Gardens
I told you I'm taller than you
this is my cameraman Gabe thank EMI and
on does that up off wipes don't worry
they actually came
meaning that race comes commercial could
be at any second this is not a
commercial this is not a commercial
I live on the street
you guys Darby
Cheston and they will not even close
let's play here as they hit the
touchdown they didn't get everything
receiver that but they've had a lot of
big plays going up to this Tom Brady
might guys what can I say
craziest Super Bowl I've ever said I'm
not craziest but one of the craziest
Super Bowls ever seen
I knew the Eagles are winning and I ruin
it from them from the start unlike this
guy behind the camera who switched up
fourth gonna come back like bro
he's won enough Super Bowl so either we
don't worry results it in your man super
boss
the ugly sugar
yeah watch you see what you see
I bought that bag before him everyone
copies that Lu Zhi jeez Louise e in the
cut squad dinner oh yeah you guys very
very big problem we're having a big
dinner at Cheesecake Factory but I don't
eat cheesecake so I do not know what I'm
gonna eat like yeah it's only cheesecake
bro yeah yeah yeah I think I'm just
gonna post mates fruit all up to you
guys what meal I get crazy that's not
the best thing I've ever seen my frien
this is literally buffalo chicken cut up
sauteed in some season and then deep
fried I think you dip it in more buffalo
sauce Buffalo blah everyone's happy
family dinner I think we ordered an
extra rice student finally guys I do not
feel like the only lonely one out we
went to Cheesecake and not one person
got cheesecakes literally not one so I
think that's a record at Cheesecake
Factory guys the day after the Super
Bowl and me and Ryan are on an LA
Fitness no pun intended
basically the Super Bowl inspired me to
get more D so we're back on our way to
go get sweet green have some salad for
breakfast and I actually purposely
parked pretty far not because there was
no parking in LA and it was purposely
parts really far away from sweet green
so that we had to walk because you know
like any exercise is good exercise and I
would work out later with Gabe because
at training bizzy's French weird is that
you you want to train them like brothers
just not a worker like chill
anyways yo day two in the vlog I hope
you guys are having an amazing day still
in LA Ryan's birthday is tomorrow night
tonight at midnight so are we going out
I don't know about tonight maybe
tomorrow guys maybe tomorrow what do you
want for your birthday I don't know
buddy
Otten for me it's not about material
objects have you ever thought of the
Gucci shirt that would be great guys I
kill him I brought Ryan out here he's
out here for his birthday so I feel
entitled to also give it back to him for
his birthday so whatever he wants in
either today's vlog or tomorrow's vlog
maybe I'll get him like a double present
maybe a one present maybe I'll fly maybe
I'll fly David Perry out here your lover
hey I miss David David I miss you buddy
so whatever you plan yeah David if you
still watch my vlogs we miss you
yeah it's David if you comment on this
video we'll fly you well I'll buy you
anything no one commented David though
don't don't have a mouth video we're
gonna go shopping later or something I
don't know whatever Ryan wants birthday
ting but for now it's a real healthy
eating like two words zero you know I
don't know how many of you guys knew but
in my past life I was a ninja Loki yeah
hold that with video supply shopping I
needed to buy this you're gonna see why
in a few days but for now I'm a dust
somebody
get up so guys I just stopped by the car
place to check in on the car you know
what do you think Hager bro it looks
bigger it changed the whole look of the
car the colors of the car the new ones
just changed the whole look so
everything's looking different like I
honest I didn't recognize it it was Mike
and their brother if they're blacking on
my car oh yeah they're doing they're
blacking out Ryan's new g-wagen too so
I'm shocked I never told you you got my
license and got a G Wagen ESA well he
killing this one so yeah all I gotta say
is stay tuned guys I made a couple days
Huli you guys I'm actually unbelievably
aged from my car
like literally Oh changed the whole look
up of the car I hated that fucking great
it was pissing me off and I wanted to
change and I have no sense of patience
but yo can you see his car I don't know
if you can see his car but you know if
you look in this mirror back there this
guy actually did some black okay guys I
don't know how Gabe convinced me to do
this but you know it's motivational
wolfies back Fitness wolfies back I
gotta get in shape I hate running with a
passion I like working out because I get
a pump running is my worst nightmare but
I mean it's a beautiful day in LA so if
you don't see any clip after this you
know that I died after the vlog got my
workout gear on we're going on a run all
right guys last words before my death
apparently were running around the
reservoir so I'll update you in a bit
hopefully we can get a break in
Gabe's shirtless so probably not gonna
get pretty quick
hey one third is done one third is done
one third yeah I'm gonna pass out bro
that's the workout for the kita Manjaro
into it I know
so first third is always the worst quick
water break nobody calm down buddy
you're way too fast for us yeah how you
doing buddy how do I need to take a
break well I thought it would get easier
it doesn't starting point is right there
we have less than one mile to go all
right guys I finished the run absolutely
dead I wanted to finish by running it
through the last like 100 meters I have
a huge right now go home all right guys
so we just got out of the steam room I'm
fresh and now I have my first this is
the first official bag packed I'm about
to bring it to Sylvia's house to the
Airbnb that we have because I think
being Sylvia officially like I said in
yesterday's vlog we'd pick a spot that
we're gonna start moving into so we're
LA people now la / Ottawa people got my
visa everything's sorted out I have to
start packing up stuff so I can move in
to this new house but don't worry I'm
still living in this house but I'm just
doing like back and forth back and forth
so let's move this
I'm also so happy when I can get rid of
this frigate easy guys Silvia taught me
well literally take care of yourself I'm
in the beauty section getting tweezers
because I'm starting to grow unibrow I
need to pluck it so I'm looking for
those and I'm also looking for a needle
because I grew some kanbal on my arm
which I don't know what it is I gotta
get rid of it I need to get rid of it
today like it's stressing me out I'm
literally gonna put ice on it
hold my breath and just stab it until it
bleeds so I need to find sewing needles
would be home but for now we can't even
cheap out on the friggin tweezers we got
to get some Revlon oh yeah these are
nice copies no Canadian birthday boy
it's still not your birthday and in the
States but you know everyone how am I
happy birthday rankest tomorrow is his
birthday what you're not no some high 12
o'clock weekend
Callie signed Alicia
happy birthday 18 years old goochie
goochie goochie
this is my I told you this guy just said
it's you know you have a problem when
you order my coffee at 12 in the morning
literally I just started in freakin
coffee at 12 in the morning because my
head was hurting so bad I didn't get my
caffeine for the day but I had
order $20 worth of food because it makes
it free delivery and I probably would
have saved money by just getting the one
coffee but I bought some Big Macs and
it's like a shame cuz me and Ryan are on
diet so I'm about to give these Big Macs
away to the boys no no no no I'm on a
diet bro I had to hit the $20 limit do
you want a Big Mac to hit the $20 limit
you know to hit the $20 limit do you
want it or not you know I'm on a diet I
can't not eat these you guys want a big
match for free you drunken bro I swear
to god I know I'm on a diet I swear to
god bro I swear to god no I got my title
folks it's a real bits of real big folks
in price I gotta get these you're
welcome Pauly guys that was a freaking
long block double date vlog so much to
put down but it's poppin and tomorrow is
gonna be even more poppin because we got
a surprise for you guys I'm not going to
tell you what it is but just know you
want to be back for tomorrow's vlog do
not miss it quickly before I hand off
the vlog if you have not already bought
my merch for some reason go carpet link
in description also huge announcement
the cloud gang merch is officially out
guys it's right below all this stuff but
yo we got the friggin tea I've been
wearing in the past three days if you
guys noticed it's fucking sick the
hoodies are crazy so go to cloak gang
calm I will leave a link in the
description to that as well
it's literally already selling out so
you guys better hurry up if you have not
already special a button go down and
smash the like button let's hit thirty
five thousand likes on this blog and we
got a house and all right
comment down below whatever you want I
love you so much wolf em and I will see
you guys soon I'm more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
