good morning a yahoo eschatos war will
be welcome back to more will see it's
not the morning right now I would be
lying to you if I told you is the
morning we have an extremely busy
morning me and Celia had to go a few
places get some business done there's a
lot of business happening lately in my
life but everything is going to come
together soon and everything will be
revealed to you guys soon there's a lot
of stuff you've been working on behind
closed doors but the vlog is just
starting so you are you guys already
know what it is it's lit every single
day we keep it Savage every single day
go down smash the like button with your
let's see how fast you can smash alike
one with your knuckle okay don't use
your fingers I'll give you guys 10
seconds do it this time
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 boom okay just
watch the like button
I was pretty much like three seconds
anyway for starting to pay off
Ryan's here we're about to film video
from Ryan's channel I miss you guys it's
been like not even 12 hours since the
last time you saw her and we're about to
film are reacting to rich people today
rich people today usually like there's
pop in series on his channel where we
react to broke people I don't know why
there was always kill it oh well they do
like seriously he's probably like his
best series that he does right now and
we bang them out because I mean it's
just like a reaction video but you guys
seem to love it but today we're doing
rich people aka not me because I don't
have that much money
and I have no money guys no money so
this is going to be like weird cuz
usually like I can relate to the broke
people but not the rich people
no not Cho Cho I can relate to the broke
people with other rich people so
reaction video we're going to start and
then I've been craving a Chipotle salad
bowl all day literally you're going to
drive all the way downtown just to get a
salad bowl you're ready for the salad
bowl I'm in craving one of these why are
you so rich what why are you fixing your
camera with a pencil
yeah that shows you how I believe ya
guys like this oh look at the tripod set
up this guy's DIY aching so I have to go
DIY shakey fixer-upper to show you how
to do it choosing me oh why are you so
retro
why do you have a Gucci bag go well why
you have a Louis Vuitton wanted to say
whatever it so anyways guys I need to
talk to you quickly about something
because every single freaking comment on
my last blog was about this or like two
lies ago basically
oh yeah have a good night ah I'm gonna
kill right look at these comments okay
guys check it out you guys are literally
filling up my screen right now with
comments okay you can't even see my face
anymore I wish you can see my face here
let me throw them out of the way ue
there we go so now we need to talk about
something guys there's something that
happens when you kiss a girl and you're
sucking on neck and all that stuff it's
adult stuff I would know but I cuz I'm
only 17
but essentially every single comment was
saying I got a hickey and I've had
hickeys in my life before it's not that
I haven't had Nikki huh yeah a business
before lady this is true so true so
Figgins guys it's not that I'm
embarrassed about having hickeys even on
Sean's video when I was wearing my
hoodie people are like won't you try to
cover up the hickey it's like I don't
care if I have a hickey I probably
wouldn't have a hickey just cuz I don't
like I don't like getting them that much
but this one it's not a hickey guys if
you look at the side of my neck right
here you can see a mark right here this
is a wrap I do not know why I got it um
hickeys are not bumpy okay
rashes are bumpy hickeys just are like a
dark red or like blackish mark cause
it's like a bruise but this right here
ain't no black anything is this bumpy
you can see it it's a rash I think it
was because I showered with the wrong
necklace on and then the gold was
dripping on my skin and then some stuff
happened I don't know exactly the
reasoning as to why I got the rash
because it's only there it's not even on
this side of my neck or anything but I
just needed to clear the air it's not a
hickey but if that's more controversial
that's going to get me more views then
sniper will take heed me okay let's
stuff let's film right I'm with
now took the emus off because he kept
losing up for some reason but no Konya
you like to do Kanye's second time going
into a mall let's see if he gets
recognized Kanye you ready for point all
right Thank You Sonya is first to pole
label are you ready because I'm not
going to get anything cuz I'm on a diet
but you're not on a diet so you can eat
it okay I'll teach you how to order at
school a piece of menu guys it's about
to be a with good they know they don't
either they don't know Kanye I don't
know what's going on here Kanye exciting
project on next time next time I promise
I know I didn't want to bring you in
public but next time will you okay
hi there everybody I'm chillin I'm not
going to get anything today I'm on a
diet but Kanye I'm gonna get a salad
bowl go grab a salad bowl for Kanye and
nothing is possible for the future which
one do you want them what yeah okay I'll
take the salad dressing with a Qatar
Jessica mom yes Kanye and then are your
Blackie I mean like
he wants chicken and then whatever this
one is yeah that's both of them
yeah extra extra meat right yeah he's
hungry he's hungry it's a long day
yes Kayne Rose this your first thank you
and then he'll grab hot pasta for him
sour cream cheese right vacuum cheese
okay and then let it let it rip yeah
your first triple liberal you're ready
bro because I'm I'm gonna die - Kenny
with you bro all right you're good all
right flush up let's see shout out to
the to Chipotle girls what's your name
Hayley and Lisa tell it to both of them
with that what are you hooking up it's a
bowl a bowl for me though okay they're
hooking it up there you go
so guys me and Kanye completely played
ourselves when we went to go get you
pull a we didn't grab Forks and
something's happening with my host so I
can't go in there right now but
basically I'm going to teach you a life
hack to get a need for DIY plastic fork
when you don't have one you can use your
hands it's going to get a little messy
Kanye I'm gonna show you what's going on
you just got to go to any store in line
gas station spoon Oz is here you can eat
it's not a fork but it'll do
y'all here
they only had students I swear to God I
only got yours to the salad bar Braille
you can even see no we can we can we can
be here so like you're just not going to
share what's going on Tanya can you give
me a biter what's going on hi bro do use
your first I will take it out in how do
you want it though I don't even want it
I don't want your old so guys we just
finished eating we rolled to the park
and I decided you know a lot of people
couldn't get merch yet this is exclusive
what I'm about to do I'm going to give
away free merch I just tweeted out my
locator than tweet but Instagram stories
and snapchat it out my location I said
I'm at this park with the bleachers we
got the Wolfie merch right there
it hasn't been shipped yet so no one has
it but the first person you guys are
going to see this late who lives in
Ottawa that comes to this friggin
bleacher gets the merch if they answer a
question so they're going to be put on
the spot probably hopefully they've seen
the videos I mean if they follow me like
that they should they should probably
know a few things about me so I'm going
to ask them a question if they get the
question right they're getting the merch
we even got the drone for a double angle
if someone rolls up we're low-key hiding
this is lit but in the meantime let me
get some mods your own cinematic shots
enjoy
you
you
all right there you go that was like
that semi semi wavy footage of the drone
basically guys snapchat is down right
now and I was wondering why no one was
coming and then I checked and my story
never posted so now we're just waiting
at the park until something happens I
just posted on Instagram
I can hear kids yelling like from around
the block but I don't know if they're
running for the merger if they're just
running because they're kids so we're
going to wait a little longer
snapchat you got it you got it you gotta
fix and I'm just going to go in Segura
I'm sorry no guys been a couple minutes
this dude is biking across biking across
the grass he's going south yo you saw
the snap you showed you it we got the
first person here in the first person
bro oh my gosh that's broken look your
name screams scream okay we got
questions for you if you want some fresh
roofie raps apparel okay let's see so
you watch the vlogs of the main channel
the vlogs and the main channel okay
freaking little Wolfie you know who this
is
do you know his name oh he knows Kanye
okay what's my girlfriend's name oh yes
okay ah you know what's another question
Bongo ryan face oh no he just reverted
Ivor's the first person we got all the
sizes well congratulations
you know this is it I'll give you your
I'm like a small because disgusting
right Matt looks isinglass like Jake
full time so this is the savage rich
deep father I love you keep calling Jay
Paul I love you but you gotta get that
sandwich my stuff this is like you're
the first person to have the merch
outside my friend group yeah try it on
cut out to my brothers
shout out to Heidi di Renjie Abu Sitta
hey I follow me on interview Instagram
creamed IFE hey follow on Instagram I
want to see how this looks on you go you
bite you so quickly I literally die I
will in the possibly and then possibly
the green light in relation jeez oh my
god baby my I thought you would have
left by this they are over to my god but
evermore the savage rich gang gang Oh Oh
got another right hey okay people have
biking keep offender bike in will see if
he knows any questions - you know this
guy yes
let's go girls por ver you were fourth I
met I was on the vlog like a year ago
announced blowing cream anyone he almost
got knocked over you watch the vlog -
okay I have questions for you if you
want the merchants okay
Ryan what a big question to ask this guy
um do you know you know who you say he's
always editing me welcome you this guy's
you in the right yeah you don't know
this guy okay we'll ask an easier
question you know my girlfriend's name
Sylvia you know everybody in team elbow
Thanks
okay let's see if you can name them um
there's five of us five of us five
members of team are both OSU time CJ yep
ooh uh you got one yeah I'm part of a
long definitely fire that's true these
super table that's about to him that
three I'll give you just two more like
discussed this yeah yeah you guys can
discuss it because he's a little these
other branches way here you see shock
okay we give them a break I'm gonna
break yeah no no not the original thing
you're missing a big name it's your boy
you cannot hang on that's Sean but
you're missing a big name who the
Creator who started Tina whoa he's Asian
and like Jesus right you're brave and
ready to get out boy your audience how
would you look on you look on you what
size you uh medium yeah I don't think
you're allergic
you're definitely medium we'll get you
on average hoodies hey I can't believe
it
Birmingham's you guys are the first
people to have this in Ottawa we're like
every in the whole world I started
another post I rescue
oh yeah no gripe reciate it's not to my
brother oh my god I thought my brother
is like no you don't have but here's a
quick like real cool Jonah to Abdullah
so we got the two here we're probably
gonna be here for like another five
minutes see if anyone else comes with
snapchat still broken and then nah its
lid
hey alright guys so we got two more wolf
am pulling up right now I'm about to fly
a drone upon their head tub if I can get
it working moving them they'll watch out
for the Joe boy
to longer watch out for the drone is it
is it yeah go ahead go
I thought you got an answer to questions
control if you want the mercy I'm gonna
ask the same classes everyone else out
who this guy is you know this guy you
know his name you say you have to get
three questions right to get the
purchase I'll give you a break because
we just named them like two blocks is it
can you name everybody in my and my
friend drew elbow be Marvel fine thank
you you guys can discuss it
yeah yeah if you can name them all give
you it as my drone recording you feel
why do I have a drone angle song funded
state is is David okay
Brian do you have another question um
you guys watch blog for me Jenna oh okay
your favorable oh my god we're gonna
fight him on your cubicle yeah that was
it okay the fact that they know that
they think about it one more point okay
that's that's one way I do one more
answer no first we get we get through
these every day or now we get them a lot
and it Ryan lost recipe and ends with
Jay oh you little thing so hey big essay
he knows you are kidding me
you only have we only have the huge
sizes now so one of you guys are gonna
have to get a big size one of you guys
think both of you are getting big class
together there's a larger than extra
life you want to it doesn't matter thank
you the last two merchants for the wolf
amp thank you for coming guys I
appreciate it
no no one else has I thought well no one
else in the world has that except for
our group Oh congratulations
take care of boys and guys just because
these guys were so nice and they
traveled all the way to see me go show
them some love on their channel they're
whipping it up right now I subscribe to
them and I tell them wolfies on you
because wolf Sam supports wolf my just
so dark in this car
this is the channel guys how do you
pronounce that but I kiss you but at key
studios and I subscribe to them let's
see what they post oh they're doing a
giveaway guys you want to win free stuff
go to that channel tell them I send you
here just as we're leaving we met a few
more fans so shout all the wolf em that
came with you guys are the first people
to have the merch like I've been saying
to the guys ever okay it hasn't dropped
yet it's dropping very soon you guys
will have your shipments coming in like
a week but shout out again I love you
guys so much for coming and let's get it
stop it go Kanye we'll be back in a
second okay you get you're going to be
good all right tribe let's get a quick
Costco trip for Kanye Kanye needs a big
diaper so looking him up alter moist
absorbent he's just learning how to use
the diaper so wolfy I thought you wolfy
print we'll see what's on pre-hold
I know my dog's Kanye I got it I got it
I got a scar yeah no no wolf fam wolf am
wolf am wolf BAM you guys never failed
to impress me literally
I dropped the video today um and
basically it was a video of doing a
fruit ninja and it was something that
you guys aren't used to seeing a because
there was ridiculous amounts of memes in
it it was super super fast paced usually
I draw a fast make videos but this one
was like record fast paced and there was
a reason I promise there is a good
reason for that there's gonna be cool a
lot of cool there's gonna be a lot of
cool edits coming up in the future but
not that many edits okay I promise
there's a reason so bear with me on that
front but in that video I told you guys
basically if someone could point out
every single mean that was in the video
and that was like over a hundred like
well over a hundred that I would be
giving you merch so I was looking
through my tweets and looking for people
to tweet at me the answers and I was
reading through all the YouTube comments
and a lot of people were just copying
and pasting other people comment so I
was like looking for the initial person
to do it and I found this guy who
actually lived in Ottawa I don't know
what the friggin hell the chances of
that are to be honest but I saw his
comment and every five lines this guy
put that he did it so someone copied
this comment because a lot of people
weren't paying that close attention that
G deserved recognition because he did it
so I just met this guy at Twitter and
I'm going to be delivering him and
delivering him the merch tomorrow I'm
driving to go see this guy because he
deserves that he's probably spent I
think he spent like half an hour 45
minutes finding all of the memes and
even if you miss a couple I let him
slide on that front because god damn
this guy is a loyal wolf em so you got
to get some of that fire merch
I'll not notice you guys have
accomplished gold carpet there's only a
few days left we had to extend the sale
a week because there are so many people
buying I promise it's going to ship out
soon and you guys are all going to look
dope in it but go coffee right now wolf
your ass calm the sale is ending very
very very soon wolf am also he is not
going to be the only winner I'm going to
continue to keep reading comments
tonight just look at this do you guys
see how much text this is can you see
the texture so yeah I'm going to
continue to keep reading everything and
I'm going to find a couple more winners
because I want to make sure it's not
just someone from Ottawa who wins but I
wanted to personally deliver it so
that's what I want stood out to me but I
will continue to keep reading them and I
will be messaging all the people either
on YouTube or Twitter so look out for
your messages if you actually did it
if you wanted to merch because I want to
make sure everyone gets a freakin Wolfie
savage hoodie that's lit also next week
some of the bigs coming so stay tuned
for that merch and in the next month or
two
something else that me and Sonia have
been working on behind the scenes is
also coming up so there's a lot of
surprises coming up now for the bad news
okay well I was stumbling through all of
these photos on Twitter all these nice
photos of all the wolf Sam supporting me
there was a lot of hate on that video
probably the most hate of gotten in a
minute but whatever I'll take it another
video is coming soon I stumbled across
this this this is a picture of Sylvia an
old picture of Sylvia and you're
wondering what's the problem with this
well if i zoom out a bit what does this
look like to you
why are you on tinder Sylvia why are you
on tinder so I'm going to call Sylvia
because I think she might be cheating on
me and see what she has to say about
this call SG hopefully this isn't
actually her I'm assuming that it is her
though because they use their photo
you know they got her age almost right
you know
so I'm it has to be Silvia right so they
have you lie to me there's gonna be a
problem right now yo when were you gonna
tell me that you're on tinder yeah then
why is your picture on tinder no it's
you it's not me I don't have tender town
I don't even have to buy myself
not someone media an old account and
what why what do you mean huh you're not
on the blog chills the cameras aren't on
this is serious why are you on tinder I
could just sign up for gender tomorrow
right no I don't yeah yeah I deleted it
as soon as we were done okay well I
don't have to prove it and don't delete
it when I'm on my way home I expose by
cheating right go home okay okay I'm
coming home sorry guys so he has the
funnest to prank he is so gullible it's
ridiculous I know Sophia would never
cheat on me
but low-key she might be deleting the
app right now when I'm on my way home to
goes here but whoever made it this is
unacceptable okay
unacceptable what do you think about
this Kanye Chris and I can say that's
unacceptable dog that's what I'm saying
I thought saying yeah his name is Kanye
you are someone clearly no I did he IDs
any dark he looks like you he does yes
you know what you keep this guy this
looks more like you than me oh my god
you did you see that if you don't ever
tell me you can keep him pretty please
for a day I'll come get involved Anya
are you gonna be good he doesn't know
you have your breathing yeah yeah you
don't wear them because they've been
there for a week I give you you video I
give you easy and you disrespect the
light up Easy's the $5,000
put the actually kind of kinda like a
literal penalty we're going to do a
video which is breezy write it up I want
to mess them mess them up man here here
dressed okay you can keep Kanye for a
day and if I come back and he anyhow
read of your oath he smells
yeah I've been holding him all day let
me begin start walking up to the gym he
doesn't work out you need to he doesn't
every time he doesn't work out he
doesn't work out that's one thing he's
automatically just outside for like he
look at this mess and mop when you
realize he looks more like your dad to
do expose everyone screenshot this peg
be on Twitter I'll follow you guys
your mud you look more like him than I
look like the guy off of Big Brother and
the wrestler because everyone's would
take me guys by the way after you guys
have been tagging me in the wrestler
post I admitted I heard angles my dad
okay I'm in the WWE it's been a secret
forever I didn't want to tell you guys
because I didn't know how you guys would
take that in because I am kind of rich
and famous I'm in the WWE for 40 looks
like you know what I mean so it's not me
stop taking me jokey kid all right wolf
Sam I do not know what happened last
night but guys I'm awake right now
I passed out on this friggin couch this
couch is not even that comfy so I don't
know how it does it to me but as soon as
I hit that couch even wearing like all
my clothes and I got back in the boys
your boy was k-o but now but I'm fresh
and I'm showered so I'm going to start
the vlog so I'm going to start
tomorrow's vlog which means I need to
end today's vlog but if you enjoyed the
vlog make sure they go down smash that
like button that's hit 35 thousand likes
on this vlog can we do a movement can we
do it show me hit that like button also
comment down below off if you made it to
the very end of the vlog okay off ofme
commenting back to some people to do
that stay excited for the merch because
it's shipping out very soon and the next
collection is dropping very soon it's
going to be so dope I'm so excited to
show you guys and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and always these habit out baby
