hey what's the toy Wolfie welcome back
to more wealthy guys today we are doing
something super fun super special with a
little bit of a twist today I'm back
with blonde gazelles here just Dustin
link to both their channels in the
description below before the video
begins smash the like button and
subscribe to my boys
we all make bangers together so you will
not be disappointed also let's hit
40,000 links on this video because it's
about to be super cringe you guys know
or in yesterday's vlog I reacted to
being passed in the Smasher pass
challenge I haven't done it in a while I
did it with sylveon
and I've also done one with my parents
but I've never answered one for
youtubers have you done you've been this
I did one with Ryan but it was more of a
parody okay so the twist is we are going
to not only be doing girls but we're
doing guys as well and the way we're
doing guys but it's not like not
smashing guys it's like yo would you
kick it with that guy wait no what's
wrong with matching it's not nothing
wrong the smash the guy but it's like
would you kick it with the guy it's not
okay that's it's not going I'm going
with smash it's like if you don't think
that you guys would like Connect connect
or mesh then it's a passive bus then
it's a pass so I asked you guys on
Twitter for names
let's get wrong first one alright the
first this is the first one I saw on
Sylvia I'm happy with our relationship
this is just me being being chilling on
to it you're chilling you doesn't mean
anything it doesn't mean anything I'm
not gonna actively pursue anything I
just gotta play the game so the first
one Tesla Brooks okay thank you
and before before I answer anything this
is just whether I think I would I would
like kick it with them there's no
smashing pass to me because I'm a taking
guy unfortunately but it's like if I
think I would get along
cool are we doing laundry and I'm not
saying on the kick it level i got'em
plays again yeah I know you're cleaning
I know
yeah and don't let my answer get get
your pants on so I'm gonna get anything
mixed up and you have to take him before
you answer the question it's like not
know like if pretend they're not a
relationship
yeah yeah cuz like if you let me go with
everyone's in a relationship why not
smash their cousin
okay blast ones on the market
no coming up yeah three two one much
would you say smash smash clean slate I
feel like she's a nice girl she has
talent she dances okay yeah alright next
let's switch it up Timothy DeLaGhetto
ask the questions no no no there were
special cosmic demos ready I'm ready
ghetto says Jake ball and twerk team
okay um I'm sure what the Turk team is
yeah but not my swing Lance but the
torque there's a lot yeah are we doing
Jake father the twerk team yeah or do
they come as they covers it they come as
a package right they come as a package
okay so on that note three two one
smash us Wow hisses are you got minds of
us - mine's a - sorry sorry Jake yeah
you might give up you concluded it was
it's 14 I gave up the entire work Tina I
gave up the entire Turkey oh that
success so you have to smash Jake and
it's worth 10 long as it I think I still
smash hard cause there's something about
Jake's Jake dude there's something about
your face I just I can't hit smash hit
you're gonna give up the tour team yeah
yeah we're gonna go back to the whole
leg off would I kick it would you God
fuck you good yeah I give you money I
kick you Jake but you're passing
starting something but your face just
doesn't turn yours to understand right
all right next up we're gonna do it
we're gonna start with the speed round
already all right and it is what it is
let's go Shane's Road my dog will face
road I'm ready I got my engine he's
easily my favorite phase member are we
good to answer yeah you mean kicking
with right hey kick it with I'm taking
each his own bro
all right for me it's different it's
just kicking it with hey guys and girls
kicking it with yeah three two one I
said smash your first car you know the
reason stretch run and his base what
there's a lot of reasons here like come
on his world jacket the jacket that has
fire at the party that's the amazing and
just pump it to videos next up Logan
Paul ready Logan
oh are you Logan parlor we'll find out
now I'm ready all right hold up your
answer three two one go I said /
occasion I want to pass someone I'm a
low gangster more than a jig collar oh
I'll say that
Logan's good luck he's he's got the
muscles brilliant like he's got the
views got the local Palmer he's got a
Lambo and the the new whip but he
doesn't have the wolfy Radford Tom go
carpet right now Cato I didn't start
passing on people feels like yeah this
is this is old I'm about to be extremely
honest cuz like I feel like I've been
charged it one of them up but like the
rest have been a hundred percent honest
you guys have to go with your gut
feeling you can't give it time to settle
in there it just has to be the first all
go guy I'll go gun on this next race a
bit all right let's see we've done it
pregnancy's days that's great
tell them to his face no reason Bruce
Lee is your password you're not even the
video you're you're asleep right now
you're past that's why you're hard pass
double time double pass yo oh okay the
darling twins broke into a girl each
girl a boy is one less slap oh here
facility you know thing all right we got
number L twins just two of them yeah I
know we saw them in person yeah we did
at VidCon yeah sure
this is a very easy answer for ya all
right bless all right I got my game
three two one past smash all right I
love Dustin I feel like let me check
they're very they're pretty girls of
course nothing is an honesty I feel like
we couldn't match I feel like they're
too PG and super happy for me and I feel
like I couldn't hold I would love to
take both of them on a very romantic
game I would love to hold the
conversation with both of them
simultaneously nobody's had a dream that
my dear if they finish each other
sentences I'm I'm stressed yeah they're
cute girls right very cute but one of
them was looking at
she was looking at me guys particular
your answer is a guy answered you treat
them like guys I gotta see their home
like I gotta treat everyone like a guy
you are cute girls okay don't get it
twisted you're very good-looking guys so
Charlie's gonna hold up his answer in
front of him and I'm gonna hold up his
conscience behind them all right that
sounds very cute girls okay I respect
you guys make great content bro the next
person's probably getting a pass for me
cuz I'm getting stricter oh yeah yeah
let's see about Lily
Oh Leila yeah say goodnight month yep
that's an easy one for me my gut I'm
ready I've been ready you're good all
right bless ya I passed I positive I
need a check I broke I just I won't have
a good time calling her from across the
room what you saw I did enjoy it do that
doing that bro I could say call it my
girls
I think she's funny as hell it's not a
good look I think she's talented his
help not my table Joe to be honest I
know nothing about it but she's not Dina
yeah sorry she yeah
really wonderful woman yeah probably a
wonderful person no I just can't be
screaming across the room I can't do it
don't do it people look at me weird
personality wise that's smart that's as
much I just yelled across
there's a theme I just know all right I
know so many guys party she's so are
they amazing yeah and I just I didn't
know who she is but I don't like know
anything about it
even if you were stopping her yelling
Lele sucks though
yeah that's not even like a cake let's
say you were smashing here and you're
trying to talk dirty and then or you
have to utter her name getting really
really crazy a few more let's go please
thanks thanks that's my only not I'm
ready against it a kick it with right
hey that's fine that's a smash tourney
gye baek's is a great thing oh gee bro
thanks LG wait he's got like the hipster
swings broke anyway thanks bro graphic
tees are wolf bro banks kind of listen
bro hit me up doc thanks movemove to
Ottawa yeah you're coming from
come on I'll see you soon bro I love you
we got a root cream next up for Bongo
okay stand in the phase bank circle
because this one was asked in the same
question yeah summary all right go ahead
three two one all right three two one
I will be some reason like I'm Katrina I
will wait for it so that's alright I'll
be her lawyer for free I know is she
young girl you know like she's uh Scott
some assets yeah I think what's on the
front of it
look at this here but let me know what
i'ma take him in drop my girlfriend very
much hot not summer Bongo you'll be in
the description of the video next here
the next one that the people are
demanding is the gaba show boom alright
I got mine you got yes I got mine I do
have my merit all right
either this is whatever you everything
is alright bro three two one go Smashbox
let me know well because she's Lebanese
a gun and bright bright smashing to me
just cuddle with her I will maybe give
her a foot rub or something yep and then
cooker whatever she wants and leave
that's it that's enough to smash by
smashing my books is just like I'll go
up and I'll see I love your content oh
it's much like what nothing Oh same for
me yeah a sexual this is I don't
everything's extra and I love my
girlfriend oh I love my girlfriend how
about that Oh actually while we were in
LA I saw Gabby grabbing groceries just
totally grab the groceries and she yeah
you told me that sure this is Trevor
your little sweet bro I'll smash all
right Gabby love your content love
watching you recreate music please so
they have to go to the past next next up
I feel like there's a recurring theme in
this video the Martinez twins all easy
bro
easy - one here
haha easy guys Martinez twins are the
goats
okay the goats of YouTube channel and
yeah I like that
so no explaining now all right
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay and the
question which was just on my sheet they
just dropped merch and it sound like it
so there they did drop much but it is so
you got Church just rice go right go
because Jake Karl is something you've
got Church where a scum made the song
God Church so nice alright three two one
rice this Dallas man as well not a smash
on rice no this man has Musashi rules
not year-old human race I mean wakey
Mars
cool modern I mean it's a smash for me
and his boy our program is kind of a
deuce yeah I think he's gonna think it
merch gotta have jeans rope okay so
there you guys go
that is a Smasher past challenge Sylvia
I love you very much
he doesn't know this was just because we
had to answer the questions or answer
ladies went to bed so I had to be a
little more savage shut up to my to
place if you're not already subscribed
to them what are you doing you playing
yourself go subscribe comment like that
I'd smash me and bar go with that's what
he did he says the whole face thing yeah
alright so now I have a question for you
guys if you haven't already hit the like
button would you smash or pass you have
to comment this down below me Kanye
aka my doll Kanye not actual con us oh
you're like my mini-me so I'll put my
answer up on three three two one that's
a smash for me comment down below what
you guys think I will be commenting to a
bunch of you guys
laughs calm and I will see you guys soon
on mobile fee where we stay a little bit
more cyber some I made sure I always
take savage let it go loose
