okay so listen up bro here's the plan
when we go in there it's going to be an
absolute war zone they don't like you
very much I don't know why I think Ryan
is like jealous because you're so
friggin swaggy and he's not to be honest
but if we go in there Gary to get
punched I need you to duck dodge dip dog
and dodge okay you got it
don't be nervous row we can do this I'm
going to protect you bro you're my dog
we're still thinking of a name for you
but we'll come up with a name for you
soon okay in the next vlog or two we
will have a name for you so as soon as
you get a name like Burt you're gonna be
ultimate savage okay okay ready to go in
we'll doubt it right away we have you
done thing bro is that really what you
need okay guys smash that like button I
got him we're going in here here here
here here here here oh I just little guy
to the face what is this
don't ever get Oh guys I feel like
things are this way what you want you
have a slingshot no chill chill chill
chill chill chill chill why'd you pull
his pants down what you're weird bro I
told you they're going to do that to you
right go sit down I'll be there to sing
so I don't know if you guys remember but
probably like about a month ago when I
went to Walmart I purchased this
slingshot and that is what we're going
to be doing today in today's vlog it
came with like eight little bullets with
it the tester bullets not really crazy I
also have like these metal bullets that
are going to be shooting so we're going
to go to the park after we eat client
rocks and see how good your boys aim is
this thing has like an aim or like a
read that they can't make your head drop
so this is what it's called actually I
can't show you this car because you guys
in sponsored me but it's brilliant wavy
it's got an arm band too
your boy is going to get some practice
in because I feel like before I'm
shooting guns and stuff like that I
should go low-key with the slingshot
so every kid's dream is right here but
don't worry I'm going to show you guys
some first-person looking at and we're
gonna shoot some objects I bro you get
shotgun if we're going out bro you get
shotgun you always get shotgun anyone
tells you otherwise they're maudlin okay
that's what I'm saying - really yo what
I died called your name and I was like
it's that guy the bridge he got shot and
yo you're not talking where we eat it
you got a no go very eating by which
we'll figure it out guys keep this
activity I'm landing it on the three on
this side here anybody wants to play any
anybody anybody wants to play me yo run
it up three ugh like I told you guys
three ODS away be a human being in life
oh my glass there my dirty now so guys
we have this one meme about David you
guys know David parity basically P will
literally cut from Canada without
telling anybody so we're on Instagram
right now and we're just looking through
big floor while we scroll past the pics
and peep this thing this is an ad
building Coomer White Castle David we
don't have that in Canada when do you go
to these real when use at our house less
than five hours persistence honesty
April you need to start leaving so like
unexpectedly bro that's how your friends
friends helping friends you know cutter
that's me it's very good weird it's a
real proposed to take better be a troll
I like how much all the sexual
yeah absolutely I think based I'm David
hey guys a few there let's see this ago
where you ask okay he might be curving
me guys real friends don't care friends
yo worry anything why are you posting
White Castle are you in the state oh hi
hey you hold a scale reach the boy soon
hey baby just editing you're not that
real call that expose Jack Astor's is
trying to get me to vlog this you guys
have never brought wings out and tossed
it in front of me but apparently they're
going to DIY hot wings it's pretty boy
will be so I'll update you guys on the
tossing fresh wings guys these are
freshly shake freshly shakes and only
that only this for the Wolfie guys yes
we see this form this is mark look at
this fresh wing alert like I'm on a diet
I can leave the bones thank you very
much here's a noble Moor Wolfie guess
she's not with them we oughta let it
know mobile faces
this is definitely someone's property
but guys I need these for the slingshot
for the slingshot that boots that was
the V take it for slingshot for the
slingshot ticket
let's check yeah I know whoever saw that
this is I love you but I need them for
the slingshot we're on the hunt all
right guys we rolled up to the park my
dude
obviously got to give him the most comfy
seat you good bro
all right so never use the slingshot on
my life before but you guys just saw me
and Bongo compare pebbles from the
street so we're going to I got boulders
don't try this at home you're not trying
to tell home this is this may not be
food this is an experiment I've never
gone here it's out of my life but I just
thinking pulling to be any louder see
the slide right there the blue thing
we're going to try and hit that hold my
glass dog so sure so it's a small one
get going oh let's see if the aim
actually works no you hold the different
you hold a different you're holy how am
i holding off to have to hold it like
this yeah oh so it's a fly oh yeah
hold up this is careful I'll go light
not leave you what the heck did that
bounce you because I don't want to
friggin smoke my hand and I feel like if
I hold it down it's going to go right
into my hand yeah so I'm holding it a
likkle up and seeing what the cat
dragged in second shot ever on a
slingshot I'm hitting it Oh click more
that's like sit-down camera alright
we'll find this is for you we're doing a
big boulder I'm hitting the slide this
rocky I'm going to hit the top of this
uh oh yeah little building mores more
area surface area go way over I got you
oh okay y'all next
oh my listen to this bro yeah I hit
anything
I feel like fungal would be nice to the
slingshot so I'll let the man handle it
don't swing backwards and smokes on the
head bro yo you good the way we try to
hit through a back full quick yeah yeah
yeah yeah bring you back bro why don't
we tiny feet the blue the blue the top
hit that garbage Oh longest nice face
hold on all that didn't have a thinker
educate we don't gunshot we slingshot
your bongos quote hey I'll give you two
more types hit that garbage can I'll
give you 10 means 10 lands what ten
bucks if you can hit the car bomb next
call brother it all it almost bouncing
hit it almost drugs in here last one
ful faste mashallah
this is ten bucks online peace he's here
how the Turkish ah I'm stressed boy look
that was a sniper out this guy's
tonight's the garbage can if there might
be a dent on is there then my sticker
I'm stressed
okay so aviation up mags ten bucks on
the line we call this specific manner I
do wrong
hold on Chris edit edit dude perfect go
we might hit it almost what about but no
cigar dough whisper sizes everyone
cheers way these toys you crazy crazy
baby baby baby
one more shot bro this is a nice doggy
but it is perfect small rock one garbage
can one man one King dude perfect look
at that really college that I rang like
a dude brush - dude perfect the types of
smoke it from here into the friggin
bathroom on that there you're gonna hate
your hand zero
Hounslow KO give me give me one more
rock and I'll smoke it for all man dem
Brian you get one more shot just a
number nice you and being that three
shots and then you're out because this
is baseball stop pulling it up like that
yeah but I had three shots to hit it and
if I hit it it cancels out this man none
it cancels about time somebody I could
look waited and try looked away MNH
doing it yeah yeah I would say shoot
with the other hand pull with your right
yeah yeah hey and you get you get more
you get more power that which fills a
more local role and now you're laughing
congratulations you're doing it cute
like here I need to know I need to do
the other way chest I need three shots
three shots yes three just such because
you're pulling here where my whole
crotch you're playing this hole like
this I just like harder yeah as far as
you can I like pulling it na na na na
hole I know yeah just get it in
crossbody yeah follow a knight
oh yeah that's fine oh no dead mother
you pick those books for you how do you
were hit hitting other stuff okay but
what this global action no no no my
first hit that one right there I like to
show these out for show me the form I
need anything body now we're going to
little more Agassi we're going that blue
tile just are there we're playing eat
eat well so watch that bow tie
okay they're all nice little nugget
anima earlier if you hit me manga know
if you can hit the blues but I was just
going up just up that just I want it
bill bro watch Charlie's baby
there were small ones are we better Gary
I can come over here come over here
I'll bring the rock it's a baby chair
what a baby swing the big one for all
the tick month from from back here from
here yeah right there I like clothes or
what yawning couch ah yawning do it
yawning oh there you go fully drawn
research that means no one gonna give me
that give me that you yet oh okay if
Ryan doesn't settle down
oh you're gone this book special
I'm coming in Wolfram this one's for you
we got a couple more rocks but I know
you guys like when we actually hit
target so just me man you know this is
kind of addictive yeah like this I'm
sorry
oh no I meant you the big piece like the
clothes nice I like running wolf em just
for good luck with these pebbles away
from me yeah Charlie
Jenny went from bullets and missiles but
it's long accused to be smaller than the
ones Willie showed up with the friggin
body can smoke out to the neighborhood
go oh and let me set the chair now
because that's to enroll young baby I
just need to aim a little higher so I
wonder further row row row your mini-me
stressed you didn't get to shoot row run
um the random little thing he wants to
shoot one you want you sure you wanna
see this this is not safe all right here
we go here we go bro Nene's one dog seal
guy is ready three two one go really
video so here dog he's number one free
shot shooter this is called the shooter
McGee well wolf and look what are we
running - again it was just brought to
my attention by Ryan please that there
was another youtuber youtuber smasher
past challenge you guys don't know what
that is I reacted to one before I was
passed a few times I was barely smashed
at god be thinking I was an ugly wolf
one okay so today Ryan brought to my
attention that was that there's a new
one out I like new word one out
basically you you whip up a picture of
like a boy or a girl and then you either
say Smasher pass to that boy or girl
meaning you would either dudes and now
with them or use or you wouldn't do this
guy with them right so Ryan whipped it
up and he's like you're wolfy missing
wolfy biochar ego Charles you need to
see this bro sounds like yep Ryan I'm
always open to reality the people that
pass me so of course I'm down to see it
so basically here's the scenario
there's this girl who did a smash a
youtubers mashup a challenge it has
pretty good friend views her name is
Ashley Ortega or arteaga never watch the
videos of my life don't know who she is
but this should be an exciting reaction
because Ryan insisted that I watch it so
gonna be bad to watch it Rome if you had
I want to feeling I'm just doing about
how he approached my god satire more
than you get it like why am I getting
diamonds why did it get so let's get me
back I don't know until you view that is
me okay will Sam I'm going to try not to
cry on camera because I'm already
assuming the worst
probably gonna be a past tank but track
to this video alright guys I'm going to
put the shades going and put the hood
around hopefully I don't get too many
feelings over this video but let's play
the video and let's get down to business
but 115 bugging me
this is a late game on on YouTube
smashing so you did everybody go for it
now is usually God always on inside
there's a funny guy very funny guy
Peter pack hey today on progress today
please tell me to subliminal videos were
today's Mass over time they fast
no hiding your put on sweetie tell me
this is one of those videos they call it
faster faster than they pass 90% of
people if it is you're not playing the
game oh yeah the peninsula civil trial
to a me in a library are giving cash for
path will be back
alright man you guys are never seen the
vodka well you're about to see the blood
channel because do I yelled I was in
Vienna am I gotta go so I guess I'm on
my right vehicle want to read it but you
know what I don't like it
yeah I need yeah you I've been with a
few freaking billion girls and they have
happy to hiking I like relationship oh
you know what I'm sorry for asking
people aspire ingress right now okay
they're playing yeah you got a list from
this guy this whole very learning
experience sorry for getting you stuck
you know what screw it I'm same time
until you I have to be ugly bro I have
to have to FaceTime Silvia my mom and
see see what their thought on this is
because if my mom gave birth to an ugly
ugly baby please time wrong with making
a face young longer - oh so this may be
cool mom if my mom told me I'm ugly I'm
snuffing the world right now the end if
she if she doesn't answer my call
I'm also snuffing the world right now
that's a sleepy baby pose this girl got
me and my feelings mom
answer the phone oh here we go mom am i
ugly
what what am i my mom mom I got passed
in a Smasher patch on the girl pass me
hard
oh my god so why is you passing me know
what I don't know we mean am I good
looking at all yeah you're all right bye
chaos so you guys talk about my mom
though I got eight times he'll be my
little girl fake of you oh I'm jumping
off the nearest cliff face time at G
making a FaceTime call to SG my heart so
yeah still be telling ya I'm all guys
this is oh I love my feelings now I'm
through shopping again just just Ichigo
got to be all right ready yo am i ugly
oh yeah then why fight old grocery joke
then why are you girls telling me in a
Smasher path
did they pass me Marty Pattin in a
closet back swear girl shoes why are
girls telling you how to address opossum
you Natasha aggressive like they're
scared of you
yeah that's okay my girlfriend so you
guys even heard of here for my
girlfriend doesn't even like me but
let's continue the video maybe there may
be more what he doesn't he rose another
be like that in the room - just like
brush like this yeah yeah not so cocky
92 is not good it's all Fred attainment
crypsis not online now guys it's a big
pain right now
we contacted my display a lot you tell
me key I'll get all of them what they
tell my mama mama no that's me to go I
have to risk analysis limited evil is
awesome I mean so it's not alright why
can't we be the home and Radames you
guys will put this girl's Instagram
trailer man I want to be the moment
Republican to draw Christmas wicked
let's begin
I'm the threat to the life I'm
aggressive I'm Bruno - right I am I'm
very aggressive I accept it
I will humbly take it I'll take the path
you know my dreams are a little crushed
now Ryan please master type of Airy I'm
not playing some relationship Orien
twenty sincere oh my god
I subscribe to the channel by the way I
never really did it she is yo idiot
right very small ryan single by the way
look at the mall no girl for I'm single
by the way looking to mingle oh my gosh
is everytime she another lobby their
Instagram that picture with Chris London
oh yeah crazy bro yo sign it let Kate
it's Lee its Lee Commerce no offense but
what is what's your final take on this
girl I think she looks like she's
groupers now so I have hold it up well
you all know classified oh my god she's
cute she's like she's after she just
about their best friend she got a few
but she's cute I said she's came to like
tiny and but we like notice you
look like agree let me see
she's old she's lotion okay you hurt my
feelings
this is why we can't be playing smash
your past with youtubers okay again
you're fit I'm just kidding guys it's
all good fun stay positive you know when
stuff like this happens and people talk
to you you got to look past it you got
to go to wolfy raps calm by the merch in
the description the merchants sell it
Oh Jaz got the merch I bought it alright
as it's important right we are extending
the sales
it was the most the merger was supposed
to come down yesterday but you guys
bought so much damage that we had to
extend the sale for one more week so if
you haven't got to merge already go get
the freaking merch Wolvie wrath comm
link at the top of description or buh
buh buh buh all over the screen there as
well these masses on what did you smash
the past what do what do quarterback you
there's your answer
quarterback Tom Brady what are you
recording what good advice they hand off
the heads off the head off no words for
Joe Cooper jokey jokey
Ashley it's all in good fun I'll take
the L on that okay hopefully we can get
back up and find another one where
someone matches me I signed you you got
I need to screenshot that and get us on
let's get appreciation post young black
out with it we don't have as much all
right response again you know young
black handsome banner like there's bear
DS like 20 pack black guys you love
finished up really brother goals or less
and appreciation okay I guess again you
need one we Mo's on my name I get into
just read shot this image oh my god
that's maybe that's wavy or young black
ethnic men employed okay well anyways
guys by the merch we are about to I'm
pretty sure head off to a festival now
there's something called Lebanese fast
Bongo if you don't know it's very
lebanese so me and Ryan are part of it
but we're a great nation right I don't
care sorry initial there you know LOLOL
you guys but what do you mean you
haven't mean what do you mean you don't
care about face-to-face nations Lebanese
women are amazing but you just said a
she was so then what personality was
broke take one personality just a
problem with life giving about look why
do I care what looks it's all about
personalities what do you mean it's all
about personality
it's all the thin guys at the end of the
day she would have smash this guy really
so we're going to go to Lebanese
festival I think there should be bear
sways nation I heard they're going to be
some wolf am there so we're going to say
what up to the fans bring my dog in he's
going to get some photos to fans and
it's going to be lit your are you ready
for the festival dog yeah he's a Tracy's
breads bro repeat the red eyes are gonna
be a skill hello one second yeah we'll
be in left back in twenty minutes if you
don't have you you can't talk to him he
doesn't have a name yet but we're coming
out with that tonight so easy big man so
guys we're rolling up to lab says this
guy he's gonna have his first quad kofte
I'm really excited he's excited he's
excited I don't know if he knows about
the culture but we're about to open his
eyes okay shut all the Lebanese people
know we're going to do a love challenge
right now Arabic challenge guys glitch
thing about Charlie's you know so much
everybody's ups it what's one one two
then three don't know that way talking
to me chicken or meat I know tomato
what's tomato gonna do it
Oh every life vanovech right now they
are what is what is chicken wrong I mean
now I'm here and I'm so excited cuz I'm
happy I'm gonna make every one count to
ten bro again we're going to help what
you're saying bro same day he said it
let's go they hooked up your boy they
let him in for free so you know he's
already a star boy they saw the easy to
like you you get in free dog but we're
entering lab test is going to be nothing
all right
love fest they're already following you
how do you feel bro your first festival
you're nervous we do fine good grass
you're alert this is good
shut up to all the Lebanese viewers guys
we're going to get kept going into every
budget I don't know why do you want why
hide then I know one collector car broke
is it going we're kicking it you've
logged me I blog you will cross calm new
merch let's get it
yeah hey what up all you guys have to
say if you want to be on the blog you
just have to say I love it your boy okay
guys getting paranoid just always taking
pictures what role take a pig with this
guy what do you guys say I'm a bigger
picture in this guy is more famous than
him take a big begum who's taking a pig
I'm not real will be how many did
remember them fish there we go we are
you are conserving so remember to
everybody ornate too big to attend get
it a lot to get me get on the Instagram
well they're gonna rip them apart
they're gonna be easy cause of our
boredom up blow them up all my life
everyone okay no possum
hey do either no you got to do it come
on he's going to cut it out and he'll do
it oh hey I like that Bongo swing for
the title manga fling for the title
Wallace SG nearly a newspaper serious so
we need to follow motors on my bongos
going on long enough
oh no no no no no no - go search bring
the chiller get it chilled and then
regroup 11 kebabs and we lost our eye
until they need to come but this is more
than a license
security is so guys we had to leave
Lebanese that it was too crazy exciting
people's arms but because I couldn't get
photos with everybody shout out to
hi bro it's your bedtime you're done for
the day how is that better a lot with
you have a good drink kid okay bro I'm
going to put you in my office
you can pull stop for a bit it's really
dark here but kick it out my kick it out
my chair right now we have to rush back
to the boys right now the blazes around
me out here after you at the left fest
because they are all upset with the show
Game of Thrones I don't really care
about Game of Thrones I'm not a TV guy
I'm sure if I watched it I would get
into it but I don't have the time to get
around to it so there are going to watch
Game of Thrones but I'm gonna go bring
either Wolfie and Prince or maybe just
print the to the boys house because I
haven't been out of the house too much
today so then I get some exercise and
then once we get there after that I'm
watching the show I'm going to read
through your comments because we still
haven't figured out a name for the boy
in the room over there okay I didn't
want to call him wolfy jr. because I
mean wolfy juniors already wolfy jr. I
don't want to call wolfy I feel like
I've used up all the good names we got
Prince may be king but yes ever a real
person name is Rhea Silvia says he needs
a real person name so it needs a real
person name so we'll read through the
comments together and figure out what we
want to call him because he's going to
be a part of my life the vlog all the
time now so he has to have a nice name
but he's got to be a savage too so let's
see alright guys I completely played
myself I got caught up we watched some
of that we watched some of the Game of
Thrones but I completely forgot to vlog
while I was there
so now I'm leaving the boys house and I
was like yo where the heck is my blog
camera I'm sorry guys I completely I
played myself today I should have been
on my game I'm red as heck because
Sylvia's pulled out in front of me in
the car is very light her lights are
very light so I'll meet you guys at home
in a second okay so we just got home and
I am proud to announce to you guys the
new name for my doll whatever whatever
live-action preview look at this guy he
waited for me bro it's so dark in this
room let's lighten it up a bit you're
waiting for me bro so you deserve a name
and I had to look through so many
friggin comments because the wolf and
you guys were going insane you guys are
ridiculous I asked for a name and you
guys
off in the comment section suggesting so
many things there's a few ones that I
like I liked Ralph for some reason
because it's just like such a funny name
it's like such a human name this guy
doesn't really look like a Ralph
it made me die abit and then there was
like ones that were like also pretty
funny called Ryan SWE's I read that one
in the comments SW EE said that one
killed me conflation a slow Ryan sways
and she's already supposed to take
Ryan's wave his place so that one is
pretty funny but the name that I thought
felt suit him the most
what drumroll please boom kon yay his
name is Kanye because the man rock
Jeezy's she's pretty black okay he's
darker than me I'm Alaskan but he's more
like DJ and Kanye s and you know what
he's got like the Juelz he's got that
swag that Kanye West has the only
difference is that he's smiling cause I
mean Kanye has been smiling sometimes in
interviews kind of crazy smell but I ran
Kanye West so this little dude has the
name Kanye welcome to the family Kanye
you got your Easy's uug Buster certified
you will not bust you you got the brand
alert
you got the Juelz you got the earrings
you got the smile Jesus props Kanye a
ill man bro welcome to the family you're
going to stay here though because I'm
going to end the vlog out here so his
name's Kanye if you see me in the
streets if you guys ever run into me say
what up to me but don't make Kanye feel
left out you gotta say what after Kanye
to I want everybody to comment down on
this vlog welcome to the family Kanye so
he can feel super welcome hit the like
button if you haven't already because we
stay savage like I know that's kind of
like the oh sure but we always say
tatted you know today's guys these guys
Prince's wiped out chasing wolfies so I
got to put these bad boys to bed
let's hit 40,000 likes on this vlog
because it's lit and I'll see you guys
soon on more Wolfie will we say a little
bit more savage than my main channel and
as always what kinda you want to do the
outro let him say yeah on the intro okay
yo you can do the Osher are you ready
for this yo you know it bro you watch my
blogs every day so
