and you wanted to wear will be welcome
back to more Whoopi today we have some
lit lit reaction for you guys okay
you've been begging non-stop on all of
my videos even though it has nothing to
do with my videos but you like our
reaction so today we're going to react
to ten responses music video we do a bet
7 million jeans you guys were definitely
seen it by now yo did you drop the remix
to the track on him yet or is that next
month
does he gave that to me I got that I got
it already watch the drop third verse of
town on my channel and then I'll turn on
my channel I hate these guys so yeah
we're going to react to cater for two
songs first and then we're going to
react to raced on the diss track was
just dropped okay
I've kind of heard a bit of it haven't
heard the full song I also have to
listen to all the tender song but today
I got all my boys here bomb gizzle here
it's your boy I'm your well brightest
ways I hear a bit of it all their links
will be in the description subscribe to
them but for some reason you guys love
these reactions to blow down smash that
like button if you enjoyed them let's
see it like 40,000 like minimum because
we know I know how to rap a bit we're
good judges Rivaldo throws his hat
quickly before we get into this video I
need to address something because a fan
actually came out to me in public and
gave me some constructive criticism
she's like yo it pisses me off
when every man doesn't know like the
back three so you're explaining amid
video because I wanted to de-stress your
sir so you guys know we all know as long
you know what happened I know I know I
have been no but it ain't gonna happen I
don't know if you guys know what
happened a long story short
Charlie made a diss track on okay right
here you go Sanders Clark made a diss
track and they're like you made a song
but it was low-key a diss track Atrisco
okay
I'm going to Ted I'm also boys with
write them so I'm not going to choose
any size I'm literally just going to
judge it from a rapping and song
standpoint like I always do because I
don't want to take any side you know I'm
team neutral but we also gotta get these
dudes because YouTube's going down the
drain
irrelevant everyday so we do reaction
okay hello I love Anne Rice yeah they're
both though they're both the homies so
before don't job the discharge there's
no job in room unless you guys kill 100
right video on both of minutes of double
play make some you hundred dollars is
about the boss yeah that's a surgery
okay yes on my job Richard you know that
all of YouTube I'm use your beauty I'm
they're like literally everybody's we're
getting into a first on and see that we
do it back up to me in rather party I
have second year third bridge here we go
on my channel ah this is your captain
speaking at today's forecast
looking at your inner tomorrow oh that's
fine luckily this wow so little by
little come back to all that I think
you'll go back to ten detectors of the
joke is pretty good
yeah I'm gonna do deep shit and it goes
that's a shot a race race Lola yeah the
production quality blip I can't heat the
upgrade from the clashes here we go $13
the shot but I was the first there was
already one at the roberto oleander
that's the second shot one was a heavy
Howard zone now let's direct are right
there is right here the other one were
there subliminal relation group dinner
dinner actually have commercials bingo
every night on my mom Danny hates on
soap which is also very good good for
working all day this guy's actually
pretty maybe I can he was like yeah so
am I feeling like the course is nice
okay
this guy must do music easily
and heckling alright go in the car whoa
voice Berkeley it is boyfriend coming no
this is Tanner girl so probably fucking
casting your black erupts they call me
Gabi I did she write her home buyers the
question no no chances Helen all bad
bird direct honestly I mean if she did
I'm really high me I wouldn't be
surprised if she did read it over to be
honest all right what if you think oh
they're like are meaning straight heat
what do you need I mean I don't think
you have she's not I mean Taylor I don't
expect too much from you I know you're
not around for that's more than I yeah
you guys perhaps you wish you'd in
writing or slowing delivery this is
costing me makes you very well still a
lot like shelter everybody gossipy
whatever tweeting then this guy comes
back in I like the glasses violations
bro Alan tanner
I'll give you props room thanks prettier
than not with I'll be nothing but a
grantee make the charts and pasta video
I don't think some key okay they are
ranking at lambeau it won't leave you
okay that's right nice Jean secure using
my pigs call it cap okay why call me Dad
I'm the only so cheers I knew that but
I'm the only topic here chatter let her
know Dom quieres is complimentary
here nine three we gave any tragedy pray
against I feel like most of them so well
I'll ruin you rose
I don't want you to wait you thinking
like there's not one angle of vision
yeah I think about rusty okay so I'm not
a nurse on oh hi
I like Teddy my god I research all I
have god I can't watch the home he broke
his really all right so judges like the
raps longer the help like her up if she
should shake me this week okay everyone
has their own opinion bro so bungle
doesn't like that the song not a can't
hate on a song like no it's not
yeah so good job 10 and I was briefing
good more than I expected
um upgrades from the last time I
appeared from the last song in my
opinion what do you give that out of 10
this rap like a nice okay I'll give it
like 8.5 I say it only reason I gave it
a little anxious not really good without
dancing I did not give you the lyrics
could be a little bit better when to say
a yes it's just like I or the rapping in
our song okay or made you bump it up
yeah I was doing it like the beat is
kind of problem yeah it sounds like II
it's like jay-z Tyra foster then like
the rest of the red line tray don't be
hippies you're never a lot of trauma
okay so that's our thoughts on the first
video now we have to move on to the rank
of diss track so right dorm came back
free pretty quickly I'll give him that
list webisode it's no good
was it good okay let's to put it okay
quick disclaimer race is also the homie
I pluck with rice so and wrote are it's
every night just the last track item
Dracula's explained tabs absolute I
don't know if it was fully written by
her this conspiracy serious jargon but
it was late bro I bumped it on the
arcade I was bloody listen to in the
shower a lot of support so here we go is
everyone ready ready here we go
okay New York already own Ramiro are you
with these liquid thing okay okay I like
the energy I like that energy can be
generous think I got this girl now do
you know if that is not the dirtiest
statue I've ever seen bro I I can't be
taking sides but this is already for you
here this is a weed now they're like a
right here okay like a high fever plus
one my brother it's hot and I can't he
didn't exist
anybody he didn't need anything vintages
already this is Joyce bars right now
let's go like those are Barger
everywhere you have to think about it
for two seconds
but there if you understand rap you'll
get it right away but some people set
the time and be like high fever you try
to catch it wait okay another for
ecology I'm really doing my nya in Kota
like super super cut yeah yeah talk to
everybody now running up right you never
get here today
let's go hit shots we be shot pulling up
row on the rolls-royce in his sock I
don't want you standing on the road
Roger is one thing I do have to say
though other than this scene these
bowling is going in every shot to check
double check in the lyric yes yeah but
I'll get pretty much time yeah 25 years
one day yeah true they will give me that
too and it kind of it wasn't what it's
like you know what how people call it
marriages right
Gokul there were these body burial girl
right but halfway go I love you guys you
a son but you're right these guys
instead of hiring oh yeah I'll be
checked up oh okay I don't know if I
should line but that line in general a
lot of is like that's verified cuz all
these checks that I blew consider Frank
blue and blue shoe and ji-hae blue every
I say verify reckless I'm saying verify
hostage by my merch link you biowulf
your ass calm girl here we go alright go
go on this be on call and get your cash
up rutila that cause faster they give
you mama the hell one customer would
abuse you could catch up taking a loser
okay can't have like a scented blond
brothers from I really - so I won who
won see this
oh that Charlie did that on your channel
anyway this one right all right brothers
you say but on the blonde rows are just
so like a year guardedly like don't
forget I still know about you guys is
hydrolyzing why did you diss them that's
some won't release it real hard okay all
o'clock everyday low game okay parlor
hello Kay no hits like what if you're
getting power or prgs rain comes water
is very cool Oh take my lady when they
costed my money
forget the cops with their boyfriend
hold on I gotta go back to 135 and few
squatting up getting there okay let's
get him in here just a call from your
boyfriend
I gotta carry the time for the snowmen I
didn't know how diverse this will go
holy carp do you look like a drawn
church hey don't clean with the designer
booth yeah he's probably doing so cheap
because all these check that out keval
another blood right now no Ryan is not
an initiative initiative different
they're lazy winter I'm sure that'll
jumper hey hey just be back coming in or
what yeah gee someone's SP I don't know
okay and available everything link in
description go got go listen to it guys
but you definitely heard it no reaction
on that bars
I can't live how endow better like rice
go song you just make songs it like bro
I don't even need to like know the whole
situation and it is like hey as far as
part a little more person honestly but
yeah it was doing animation and I eat
right well in the middle of the 12
because a great job as a truck hey what
are you saying when I say raising
abstract like incredibly but I like it
song better as it like you are why do we
all like the chirps and like this is it
just so happened like obviously I'm
right there and I rewrite them but
listed and the music video yeah
what so just taking in right comes virus
but he's been sits like anybody who
understands and likes rap can listen to
us yeah if you listen to Tanner's it's
so directed at like right gums are like
okay Mon if you don't know them you're
kind of wondering what's going on but
you're like just Phil Bachman obviously
because it's catchy but like hey this is
Jeff rose out I got certain I want this
got churches ones yeah you might be
better than every day I don't know if I
like it better than attend I know enough
I think I like it on the other side
writer but is very nice huh like this
sounds like really good Bartok brother
Marcus world Firebird is broke yeah okay
so there you guys go
you can stop banging me in my comments
to react to it it's probably gonna be
another thing out tomorrow by somebody
to yoga Jake right so much last customer
years ago
oh you're so sure of it so comment down
below the message I swear I need to drop
your first Bertil tomorrow
drop this everyone drawn this journey
one year dinner if you guys want to hear
my district on die
get a job yeah but I don't have white
underside of the whole time I get up
early
I'll come at everybody's head pop every
everybody feels like you're not let me
love you Kirby it's all jokes but I'm
really gonna come every sense already
featured on it they might be featured on
video cuz you know the only way to get
views these days is drama okay
becoming irrelevant for people mini
drama room I just saw I'm leaving Gmail
the world Lina generally but yeah I love
you I love you right I love you Tanner
again I wasn't drinking and driving on
road go subscribe to all my boys later
conscription bond gizzle this year if
your boy is here and what's ugly brian
sways is here with me they'll mere
dropping in Ryder John's videos on our
channel their drunken whispers whispers
the fourth percent of my calories
subscribed all them they make bangers as
well buy my merch if you haven't it's
selling like a god charity no readiness
on those paws on lincoln description
wolf your ass and I'll see you guys soon
on more Whoopi where we say a little bit
more savage my main channel ain't at
always states at Lego Oh
