good morning what's good boy wolfy
welcome back tomorrow wolfy we pop in we
live today I hope everyone's having an
amazing Britney say it's summer it's
beautiful outside smash the like button
right now I want to see how many people
can smash the like button with their
elbow okay you got ten seconds to do
what time will countdown starting now
kill the intense music and the cinematix
ten nine eight seven six five
Oh plan ahead what oh oh
everyone smash - like when with elbow we
live to see another day I know guys I
know what you're thinking before you
even say it go ahead comment down below
wolfy you're wearing the same outfit as
yesterday I know guys I slept at my
mom's yesterday I had to see the dog she
was taking care of the dogs and it was
so late I was so tired and feeling
coming home and changing but the thing
about work is this oh my god you can
literally just flick the camera like
that and through magic I don't know what
it is like I feel like if you just like
hit the camera that quick in like a
certain direction just like one of those
like you know those Grand Theft Auto
hacks like a GTA when you go up down
left right about a right record right
trigger bumper buffer back back left
right up down boom another friggin tanks
one it's just like that you know what I
mean so your boy is looking fresh in my
mustache and beard ugly beard even came
off - so I don't know what you guys are
talking about I was wearing the same
outfit I'm wearing clearly a different
outfit so what is the schedule today
same thing we do every day
nobody knows the first thing we have to
do today is send off the iPhone 7 to all
of the giveaway winners so let's get it
going baby
finally saying goodbye these iPhone guys
we got the shipping stuff here send time
one iPhone gone to iPhones three iPhone
4 iPhone 5 iPhone and last but not least
these six iPhone 7 new giveaway coming
soon stay tuned because the giveaways
are not you're close to being done oh my
god look at these hi guys so keep this
update on the boys house still no table
still no couch
still nothing in the dining room still
no TV on the wall I think it's been like
two weeks of them living in this house
nor has it been two weeks a week of them
living in this house and nothing has
been done yet but they have bear box
right at the front they're starting to
move in officially you say I need love
to you why do it what are you doing
making a little bit it's easy for pieces
should be any blog for it to make my bed
maybe yeah the hell out of here if we if
we make your bed the time-lapse will
give you 35 minutes that's all we'll
make your glasses after we go get fruit
we're gonna so guys basically I don't
know if you know but there's a series
that I do on my channel and that was a
joke you definitely know the series the
real life fruit ninja so so far we've
done a katana like some crazy axe that I
ordered I still have to do like a whip
some ninja throwing knives and stuff
like that but today we are going to go
pick up some fruits and I'm going to do
what I've been dreaming about ever since
I was a kid which is for some reason I
like punching things so we have this
build Dave's dog water all over the
place I'm stressed so we're going to
pick up all the biggest fruits from the
store Dustin who also likes punching
things is going to come here and we're
going to bash open as many fruits as
possible
that's going to be on the main channel
but I will show you what fruits were
getting today because there's gonna be
the big ones obviously like watermelon
which I'm really excited about and then
the small ones maybe like Kiwis and
stuff that obviously requires more
accuracy so because we're in the middle
of nowhere it's a long trek to the
grocery store but let's make it happen
thank goodness guys we pulled up to some
small grocery stores but they have bare
watermelons and their fruit section is
not blood not blocks now but not walk so
I went
light on how many groceries I bought
this time usually I buy a lot more but
because I didn't want to drop all my
money today I went easy on the groceries
so basically this is the amount we got
we definitely got the whole I'm pretty
sure we bought every single fruit from
the grocery store but when you go
grocery shopping with Ryan he actually
goes grocery shopping I go supply
shopping
he gets black forest ham I got apple
juice to break with my hands we get to
him the chicken thighs chicken breast
aisle okay
yeah it takes a little time for us to
finish the Jojo chips because Ryan
actually shops tonight I don't shop come
on Ryan's never had chocolate milk in
his life first come first serve and it's
actually really good deal 99 cents
usually this stuff is like three bucks
and what's funny is that this stuff is
199 except look at the size difference
that you're getting for 99 cents so
Ryan's never had chocolate loves like I
said we're doing a taste test today
oh you never talked about growth what
they ate well guys promise is a promise
we now have to set up around but sorry
let's promise you guys a quick time left
but we're going to pause the time lapses
if things get complicated citrus has
four steps the last time I mean telling
the Soviets had forced that to take
three hours so I'll update the wolf em
love you guys
boy you guys might just have a look at
the steps I don't know how to start
so not argue mother you only get more
you look at the set someone comment down
below how to do these okay first one to
Linda shut up
this is old mama mama
alright good Brian knows the first step
go ahead headboard I'll make it like
this alright I'll show you guys a life
hack they're making the exact same bed
in this room so long please rise so make
it three rods
alright okay you have three long pieces
yeah
alright let me see the next step
well okay listen up guys
so there's two screws which are pretty
much identical on the map one of them is
35 millimeters and the other one 30
millimeters they look and feel the same
we thought attaching them to this little
nut would help us decipher which one is
it
but they all fit so you'll know what the
hell we're doing now now we have like
drew so right over to the next room -
Mongul yeah you know for all the people
watching out there I'm not a handyman I
can get it done with Silvia if we spend
three hours on it but I'm a
trial-and-error Mon so I never get it
done in the first guy world
well it's so obvious okay guys
all right Bongo I don't know which ones
are different if only to snigger they're
all the same excuses thank you Oh first
but the one is not the same impossible
challenges know they're on believe
that's more Americans world here go take
a few hundred percent yeah that would be
totally taking it far away Beauty twelve
regardless got a good well if it's
easier we need twelve really we're okay
let's go try it yeah well trust him
because I don't have any change no no no
no
thanks God let's see this guy all right
guys it's bad it's getting really
frustrating but this quick fix to
instantly make any bed into a fully made
bed and that fixes this look at that
not a Viet Nam no it's pretty much music
ooh there's blood on the bed yo give it
a give it a good jump pissing it no okay
don't just lay down on it and just see
the comfort levels my cousin she this is
the first jump on a new bed I done Jesus
time effect Oh
how does it feel it was like home gym I
go matching black thing right there now
let's get this out of this room this is
old this is what he was using before
ladies and gentlemen look at this
upgrade this you know what are those
Jesus Christ you better get it back
yay so like I said guys before we told
my main channel video we have to get
powered up and the way I like to get
powered up is through a certain liquid
which I'm going to make Ryan pace
because you never had any the place oh
yes
it's not bad oh I know what it is if he
just Ranger something mad what do you
copy
try to be rough not even coffee tell me
having never had chocolate milk in its
life
are you kidding me to grow I actually
holy so I just I don't believe joins a
Neilsen bro the nightmare is Milton is
better to just eat clay go up with let's
see if it meetings expires right
you know laughter in the room talking
well he's probably one of my favorite
beverages cheers elbows up it's going to
be weird cuz you never had it though
you've never had enough that's loud okay
how is that possible bugling why but
where would you tell Phyllis I had
chocolate mousse yesterday right we have
to milk a video probably a guy that's
what that's correct that's bird with
height okay I'm probably going to get a
better reaction with $0.99 chocolate
milk Nielsen's want to me I did it
wouldn't matter if I open one month I
can call my clothes off of the child 100
is over a hundred thousand comes up and
we'll make Ryan drink coffee which he's
never had until I read it but that's why
I'm so productive as I drink their
coffee not really little bit okay
hundred thousand like some of you drink
coffee with a whole penis and it goes
all right guys so we just finished
shooting the main all right guys so we
just finished shooting the main Channel
video just came inside so wet TV I'm
literally so sweaty because not only is
it hot outside but there is ridiculous
amounts of bugs outside so I just got
eaten alive by every single bug known to
man there was undiscovered bugs that
you've never even heard of they were
attacking your boy now finally I can
finish off with my diet we'll see you
guys already know what it is we got we
got raspberries here but I got my berry
boost alert shake it up throw it there
little workout ahh
we are energized right now I do a
Franklin is that's right like in the
reaction good mother with you guys oh
that's
- yo yo good play right why don't you
draw the white that's all you wrote I
thought yeah chill bro come on fucking
my wife maybe it's 2017 the table chill
here I really like it blow molded 130
you can see you okay yo you're weird
DIY giant salad that's your salad yeah
yeah this is mine look at the size of
the dress I told them Jose yo you guys
do what you want but I'll meet my big
salad we all get a salad from my side
okay guys we back we you can be better
than ever we've been looking for Aryan
bees all day
we're in Ryan's closet right now let me
just know that this is the first
reaction video ever ending up in the
closet clusters all around this guy by
teleconference for general cover two
free kicks you need to wear shoes hey
guys called Mac select button you guys
are loving these reaction videos I know
there's so many low game parlors at home
to smash the like button if you're low
game color because you guys are killing
killing a life killing the views on all
these reaction videos you see if that's
what you want these Asian related a
nursing home guy looks like a friggin
Tom fudge on on really get away birdie
40 under 40 company anyways
so after doing my last reaction video
you guys have been begging me to react
to Jerrica okay if you don't know what
Jerrica is Jake and Erica the happily
ever after a married couple the one you
diss them all the time you do exactly
after married couple made a love song
okay okay so we're going to react to it
today
I know about me is that I don't like TV
I don't like kissing in public I don't
like doing any of that crazy stuff so
we're going to see how they do you
treated Depot oh my god I think he said
that follow me here Logan so here we go
we are Jerrica featuring uncle Cato
I can't forget okay that's the guy you
hate I get a message oh here we go we're
playing it close yeah yeah your baby
shot I like there good boy yo why you
can't convict that was not a good girl
and I'm because Jenica if you tomorrow
say I think ready why are you talking
that boutique's go room respecting I'm
sorry bro I love you Victor
you're my guy look at this kiss on the
camera goes over all dr. Tommy it
doesn't make a heart hold on there hey I
make a heart I'll see look at the space
in the middle in the middle of their
head we're gonna zoom in on that there
there's a heart right in there just like
a puzzle piece
no no look if I put our heart I added a
heart in there boom there's no hurry
oh yeah that's not talking about that
right over the waterfall let's go
there's kissing Frank invasion kanaka
maoli she's aggressive I can't go there
guys
save your money private
my god isn't Matthew he's not really
Rock
what forever oh don't tell them without
that ring there I be when she's gone
Jake Jake you're not T nothing to all
night niceties big second take the last
up coming down I've aged fully red teeth
not a K this we gave me eight the
kitchen in bed there we go how is he
home do TV Oh what are you gonna rap
though he sounds a little I ever had
new to sing that cuz you can actually
wrap he's actually going off email hold
on that's a waitress I have to let me
chain rule she knew your kid Ryan wants
you to be his uncle Shawn yes G you've
been working out dog
no oh here it does no one ever listen to
one lyric is a whole village is the big
audience of next week only floating in a
trance and then like obviously there's a
lot of kissing until you are down
gangster oh why I guess something is
bothering this would be reaction over
rice are you doing here we go
I gotta go back there's a 251 big am i
watching to redo the video anymore - it
is already taking off next time let me
know your garden chili boy so yeah we're
making a music video tomorrow I can
write I can go to G great video
honestly whoever ended it and produced
it very well very well major look it got
me in my feelings right down where all
my screwing up local color I call him
guy story now non semister or all I
don't know I feel like the lyrics could
have been a little bit better but I am
winner what lyrics that was for their
emotions go forever how do I get me a
real winner yeah yeah not the way I get
swamped in the hood hahaha the language
can we all can we stretch up the
language put your little hand or nobody
without it Lucy so there you guys go I
hope you enjoyed that reaction because
this guy did the you you're dated oh my
like oh I just wanting to say that the
day the folks is too much man I love
your blog - Jake Paul oh I read it
anyways guys smash that like button
because we did that and I did it with
the two guys I did was two guys who guys
no no Sylvia rope like I said it was a
little bit too much to handle at times
but overall good video so I don't know
how to Kiki later Kate we keep making
money to keep it up and we will just
keep you a secret okay
see if you have a dog you know I get the
next song forever ten I give you like
that so much good show but very rich we
need a rope walk I know I don't have any
money bro I'm just broke
god dammit god dammit god dammit god
dammit god dammit god dammit god dammit
god dammit god dammit god dammit god why
why why me why me guys I'm sure a lot of
you have seen what already went down on
the internet in yesterday's vlog Ryan
frickin suede sleeves I hate you I hate
you so damn much this guy decided it
would be funny to do like a wake up
prank on your boy wolfy not even like a
wake up prank basically just waking me
up and sweeties always makes fun of me
he said when I wake up I have the
goofiest face because I'm always like
where am i literally look at this
picture what am i doing in this in this
picture like what why do I look that way
this is pretty much almost like there
was a thumbnail that I think was on
Ryan's channel where I look like a ninja
turtle for some reason my face can
deform I feel like I don't know if it's
a hidden talent or what it is but my
face can deform into these weird weird
shaped when I wake up and when the Sun
hits it in the wrong angle so I mean
again look at the picture what the hell
is this
I'm so annoyed so here's what I'm going
to do because I always like to turn a
negative a kme looking repulsive like
this
I pretty much looked worse than that
actually I look like this let me remind
you again anyway I always like to take a
negative and turn it into a positive
because what's the point of looking at
it like a negative when you can look at
it in a positive am i right like it's so
relatable like how friggin when your
teacher is your schoolwork and and you
know you didn't do it boom again yeah
that image sorry guys I really hate to
do it to you but I'm gonna kill this
meme before it begins
I might even start it to be honest so
here is how I'm going to make it into
positive I thought about all the ways
about how I can make this in the most
positive way that's going to benefit the
most people possible and I was like yo
why don't I get the wolf fan because
we're pretty friggin Savage we're pretty
free of link we're pretty
creative why don't I get the Wolfram to
make a meme out of this and then I will
follow all of the people that post the
best memes on my Twitter or if you want
to take me on instagram please at
wolfies whatever you want to do in my
twitter is wolf your ass by the way oh
just in case you're one of my snapchats
won't you have to boom right there
that's the the snap code add you boy so
yeah I'm going to be following a lot of
the wolf femme that need me the best
this could be like a game show who's
memed is the best or will figure ticket
to follow you that's that's the game
show's called
so go do that right now pause this video
make a meme comeback comment on this
video done when you're done I mean it's
pretty simple to make a meme considering
how free and ugly I look in that picture
so get it done I'm pretty sure it's
going to take two seconds come back and
we will see the submissions and I will
be looking at them in tomorrow's vlog so
get going I want some creative stuff the
top ten I'll be putting in tomorrow's
vlog as well is shutting you out get
making those means guys this is going to
be funny and smash that like button
because I feel like that's the only
thing that can make me happy through
this time of sorrow there this time of
just depressed knit I'm just I'm not
feeling good after that photo was
dropped okay that videos that videos job
soul order that I will give you guys a
quick example of what I mean by the meme
basically I'll put the picture up and
the memes I'm talking about
I forget who did this me but I liked it
on Twitter you can check my Twitter this
one was funny as hell somebody tweeted
Ivy's are like when she wants to smash
but it's not the like button so that's
the type of humor that I find funny cuz
you guys already know how I say yeah I
like but you haven't already boom that's
a like button so that was funny to me
I'm sure there's going to be a lot more
fun submissions from the wolf em so get
on that I'm going to end the vlog right
now and go to sleep and cry myself in a
pool of my tears so I love you guys so
much smash like button if you haven't
already do the meme stuff comment done
that's all I want you to comment on
today's vlog I just hit my ankle so I'm
pretty much like limping around right
here I'm gonna go cut it with the dogs I
love you guys so much and I will see you
guys soon on more Wolfie where we say
not that Savage today because we are
beat we're friggin beat ok this beat
okay that's enough for the picture I'll
see you guys soon I don't even care bye
