good morning a yo attitude werewolf we
welcome back to more wolfy if you guys
are excited for this law to make sure to
go down and smash that like button let's
hit 35,000 likes because today is going
to be a little too dazed going to be a
little bit different there's like an
event going on in my city it's called
hope volleyball basically a lot of
people play volleyball it's competitive
but they also have like the fun aspect
but it's mainly competitive I failed and
I played myself I didn't enter it I
didn't know the dates because I guess I
was in LA and like dates came they went
by me and I guess the end of the story
is basically I'm not in it
so basically Ryan's waves volunteered to
go vlog the event for me because I knew
the wolf and was waiting for me and
begging for me so I read the comment and
they said Ryan take charge blog comment
because you're gonna try it longer the
trial guys I'm not officially a member
of the wolf and even though I am the
co-creator okay so Emily forty thousand
likes on this video Cairo yeah person
said Rami alright
subscribe to this new channel amigos
Beck hit the like 140 thousand likes and
I will let Ryan do another day in the
life of Reince waves maybe on my channel
because you know I hope somehow Tim some
recognition helps me out because it
doesn't really help me out but enjoy
today's vlog only the first half is
going to be Ryan slaves if anything
happens I don't condone anything that's
about to happen on the vlog guys I'm a
little nervous of giving them the camera
but here you go guys we have the few
million people watching you so torque
quick quick Twinkie okay see you guys in
a bit let's get it all right I'm taking
over the log I forget it
we're headed to uh what's this like Oh
poly ball go meet you over there you
know what I mean bro he's not even that
famous you know no one's gonna know him
over
we're no one's going to know oh I have
to read know half your subscribers and
I'm going to get known more
alright guys so I was just joking with
the little montage but we are arriving
at hope volleyball me save and ya bongos
actually already here so we're going to
see where the hell he is and hopefully
just do some push because I'm not China
Vlad too much trying to have some fun in
the Sun but what the hell is a sign over
here it should be good though alright
guys so here hope all about there is a
lot of volleyball being played but
there's already been to fight so we
might be leaving soon this is kind of
crazy I'm stressed I didn't really - ah
no to actually practice and it's like
they're doing same I thought it's going
to be a little ball ball playing I never
knew it was going to be this wild but I
saw Charlie young in the block do you
need to be run in immediately they just
came for the drinks they just came for
the drinks but I'm going to show you the
outlook look at this so basically
there's like a bunch of courts all over
here I think there's like something 200
cords games going on for hours and hours
on end but that's not it IANA Charlie I
don't know what you want me to vlog
people are staring the Helen give me
this stuff man
alright guys you're just going to go
down we're gonna meet up with a bongo
right now let me use some proper sound
on my house there you go do you focus on
those okay okay so phase you're doing
ajapa okay I just changed everywhere the
trains everywhere you know how did you
know when you're popping like our
sisters it is what it is alright so we
set up a bongo on gram give me the
camera a little film what's up and I
think it's a good time to probably guys
start on my channel you can talk outside
Bongo Beach and we out here in the
beautiful movie save the water
contaminated though so don't go in there
but aside from that it is allowed
there's so many people every friggin
year it says turn up in Ottawa right go
go down my fat leg by you already know
what it is Charlie I don't know where
you are I don't know
your camera but I love you buddy sorry
I'm stressed oh it's so hot Charlie let
me go it's beautiful day probably should
let the tank try the venom one oh I'm
dying for you to go swimming in so much
to go thing I need 15 Charlie thank you
for the shirt mother oh I am dying
so operation fine writing another piece
of clothing Fargo Ryan a tank talk about
the operation of the day guys we need to
make sure that Ryan Baker income all
right I'm comfortable well comfortable
you need to make a bigger impact on the
guitar more more people but I can't come
back alright guys so after 30 minutes of
looking around we couldn't find your boy
a t-shirt well we did fight to save got
a night Booster Juice there's more
people watching this launch on my blog
so Luther juice volunteer boy Oh
volleyball is flying everywhere bomb
goes out here just hitting on so many
women is pretty many women this my
sister loved me that's the girl you
picked up in the bar last night what do
you mean I'm just kidding guys we're all
having fun good summer vibes Charles I
wish you a year but wolf BAM you're
still watching this you might just get
to the end where you see Charlie but I
love you guys I'll keep you updated and
probably just giving to sit in shades
because he was on all right so games on
your boy is acting like a linesman we're
cheering for Bongo seeing this bungalow
over against hope Oh a good job all go
Kabongo it wasn't following that did it
but at least they got it over but we're
getting saying to other teams all girls
he look like they play professionally
but they're getting home right now so
hopefully the boys can make a comeback
Bongo stress already we're good not
doing anything Bongo
good night boy I always have to say some
random volleyball because I don't know
what he's saying
Bongo hey rocket Bongo
Oh Bom Bom goes to kortek they're still
losing they're getting absolutely big
banks but it's okay we're here for the
children I have to fly one all right
somebody can David how do you feel about
the game like I can't touch the one
they're getting segment listen you guys
I'm building engines what Bongo is
actually cheese deep down but as I said
pours off on the game you're no longer
get competitive where's I think he might
left Bongo there is that's a big you
know over here Bongo - I'm only your
don't bro you've been chilling how's the
game going
wolf am comment down below what they
were saving right before sunset
how's the game up want to know course
I'm off right now we're yeah all right
so I like they play professional in
Europe or something like Rovers it they
play for like so the Swedish Center yeah
oh look at the ball
oh oh the King sucks
fucking shit
now though I was gonna break I want to
know why dad is so solid and he doesn't
know how to play volleyball like the
admin please I don't know what's up
exactly that's what I say alright guys
to update the lot they lost their battle
but we are now getting Timmy and I'm
with the man Charles so good
I don't know how Ryan did I I didn't
train that he did work because like
honestly by the sounds of it this guy
was literally just all over the place
yeah it's like I got a quick yeah so
basically guys as you seen in the video
your boy couldn't walk too much because
we didn't do too much we went there
supported Mongo I change teachers I told
you operation find Ryan a t-shirt was
actually a goal so I got my t-shirt
because I had an extra t-shirt in the
bag blue Seth was pretty fun we're
meeting up with Bongo and jad right now
but we didn't really we didn't really do
too much I didn't want to it was my
first time vlogging for the Wolfman so I
didn't want to show no crazy nothing we
didn't do anything so Charlie chilled he
went home he realized I relaxed I went
out I bought an iPad because you guys
know I just got the drone but in order
to fly it you need like a big screen and
I don't want to screw around with the
memory on my phone and the screen on my
phone so I got an iPad got a memory card
with my dad we had like a nice dad
Sunday to the store I know with my
parents yes Mac uses release the
relationship-building you know today's
guys well they were going turning up
doing absurd things and probably doing
some illegal things I think as well
today you got to share your mom and pops
the most love as possible okay here
comes drunk emotional be excited being
prima watch out son I had a vlog camera
in my friggin pocket yes you think you
should give back to your family one or
beautiful flip or friggin screw your
family don't piss efficient really no I
think families are like Cupid you owe
your family everything you are gnarly no
idea though so I don't blame you I hate
my family I hate I personally hate my
family I give back to my family diner
person okay we got it
family sucks I'm joking guys I love my
family anyways we're going to Blues Fest
which is a festival we went to I didn't
vlog it but like two days ago
migos was there and lo yachty were there
the other day today we
don't really have anyone we're going to
see but it's like it's vibes and we got
VIP so I'll bring it along we're just
getting coffee now because I got all
wake up quit it's getting hot understand
you guys fuck with their yes fuck with
that
yeah Terry order yeah McDonald can I get
the number three meal yes very often I'm
incredible yeah thanks for trying
handing you off you want to send oh yeah
that's the hand it offers getting a food
cool alright guys so we're on our way to
Blues Fest right now I'm bringing my
glow-in-the-dark frigate spinner with me
because we're probably gonna be there
when it's a little dark outside the end
goal of blue skies right now is to find
an active active wolf em because I love
my active people and I'm going to see
how much of a wolf em they aren't
probably not so a few trivia questions
and then whoever gets them right gets
the wavy is glow-in-the-dark fidget
spinner that's the only prize I have
because I don't want to carry a huge bag
on me but when I have merged soon I'm
going to start literally as soon as I
have all the merch that comes to my
house I'm traveling to wolf M that live
in Ottawa or f1 in Toronto or wherever I
am and I'm going to give merch to your
front door no ups no FedEx but I'm still
going to do it for you guys because I
love you so much it's lit its lit ah
that's how I talked on a clip of you
guys so we literally just right we left
- Thursday - Thursday he goes appear in
the audience here so like the crowd was
insanely different like every Ottawa
guru is out here Thursday and now it's
just like a light works right now but
there is a few fans that came to say hi
so I got to put them in the vlogs you
guys are in the why
animals in the block big a big a great
so it's kind of leery now here we're
just going to post our I got you on the
line
I know you're going to be really really
crazy that is not even in the printer
okay no no it's DJ Russell here right
here let's go get me a lair do this guy
bring his resume oh no time to get a job
given the job if you watch me get this a
job immediately
you guys want a job
hey Josie the ground yeah you're lookin
a little bit over fellow run along
Grindr
here's a motion on a show your mo is
clear no no no whooping of all this yes
or not the wavy news is asleep
hey Tyrone looking at wolf am I am super
super sorry I apologize oh my god Jimmy
sorry cuz the damn heat is on he talked
about tonight a C on tonight a CR
immediately I'm sorry
I feel like 50% of this vlog has been in
my car but I have a reason for that okay
I completely forgot to film like half of
Bluesfest I was in the mood I was
dancing to the music and when I get
carried away with that type of stuff
literally I forget to look for the vlog
camera I need somebody to follow me
around and photography videotape every
single thing I do okay so you guys want
to do that here's your boy up and just
if you want to get wavy shots of me so I
look cooler than I actually am let me
know because literally I feel like
sometimes I can't even do it off so
anyways we just got back from the
concert super late
so mini wolf am there it was absolutely
ridiculous
they're mafia nation but they they seen
them and he's a little taller so he
stands out more so they're like yeah
we're wolf ambushed I think I heard two
people say finish okay 95,000 Tennessee
wolf em but I got the new bread Yeezys
they finally came in today took forever
to come in and people kept stepping on
them okay so not shout out to the people
that Stephanie he's use I'm stressed
anyways we're gonna go get food now
we're all starving and uh let's go much
oh my goodness well what do you know
guys we're back here at the wing place
and there's no deal today so that's how
you know you're hungry and we just
wanted some quick wings you're craving
the wing I don't think I can do it
Ryan stressed because there's no deal
I'll quiet
why your party reply you for you you
know act nice on some of our guys you
know he says we're joking okay I have a
lot of money I can buy the wing you're
lying I'm plotting Ryan guys
everything's okay PayPal link in the
description and not PayPal what
Kickstarter go fund me donate your hands
wait hopefully we can raise $100 by the
end of the week if you can
I'm giving out merch to the whole world
actually sad sack guys they have a lit
deal today look at this Monday $12
burgers Tuesdays half-price wings and
Thursdays Wednesday is 1095 fish and
chips and free trivia look at what
happens every day a good time best deal
I've ever seen in my life comment down
below if you ever seen a better day you
haven't there isn't
bad people I don't know what is going on
usually when we come here actually good
service know you've been waiting for
like an hour and a half an hour and a
half hour cool this cool group of people
behind David as well as been waiting for
even longer
the bigger the table do this down
breathe ten people left so there's air
food in the back right now they're food
that like no one's going to eat til the
axe for our food to go like I've
literally never after my speaking over
usually I'm really good on waiting but
like I just took in over here what if I
needed to be somewhere so now um so I
put them on blasphemy do good would it
be what do you read this this experience
this experiment I became a seeker let me
manage bility row it's black she's been
another ten out of ten
Atlanta usually I give them like a like
a eight out of ten they're pretty good
we always coming all the time but today
nor double I won one out of ten why do
you mean no one even checked with you if
we're good
why they get it they didn't even get a
one hit point five now the nachos are
pretty good okay we got the nachos after
an hour another not to initial and
restarting so you never have guys this
is a real life this is this is real
Wolfie guy I could be super positively
like this is it
so I defer the door open let's see if
it's the food if not really like they
thank the Lord
Howard 45 minutes yo yo yo no no no
first dress dress dress with check my
fidget spinner still got to give this
away I forgot to give it away at blue
fest but guys this is an hour and 40
minutes he's willing to better no no no
these wings are not the way vyas thing
I've ever had on my order the poutine to
go pootie NZers cousin get also long oh
no oh you're only it's not even heavy
room we're always you're old and you
only got one time to go food is not the
same for here where we usually eat it so
guys we just pulled up to the bus
station because I didn't know where to
go to give all the fidgets better but
bear kids are getting off the bus right
now so hopefully one of them's wolf am
all I got to do is answer one question
and they get the physics winner and
that's the only rule that's the only
requirement for this little frigid
winter giveaway peep out disgusting this
is in the dark or hey let's see if we
could do it okay guys I found a bunch of
guys at McDonald's I got a previous
minute yeah do you know do you know my
girlfriend's name what do you want to
have to go get D was always there yeah
yeah we go about there you go who do you
want to shout over you guys are the
Royal whisper I'll just go down
okay in Lebanon Donald tomorrow baby
baby baby yeah I did Erica all right
take care guys so we gave away the
frigid winter very easy very simple
that's it then what scare me Elvia
control like it's like 11:00 at night I
was like yo there's no late wolf am
hopeful they were like notch it so yeah
so shall I can have a what's good it's
your boy wolfy and welcome back to more
Whoopie today it's not wolfy Charles is
still asleep so the OSHA's good morning
in more wolfy but but it's 11 o'clock
you slept in we're continuing the vlog
from yesterday so it's going to be a
long block Charles closely I kinda
messed up my part in the valve was a to
good yesterday's song and making it up
and starting the vlog early today so
really overcooked Ross legend David
parodies here oh well yes
let's get choice
and what good is boy will be and welcome
back to boom or wolfy cordially and that
is a hi how's that without buddy
I study angel for you but welcome back
guys
jeez you guys just witnessed the first
play to my drum I'm trying really I
don't want to tell a bit and even show
the controller there's a controller
you're not using it I know I didn't
connect you guys missed out five minutes
of this guy's whole yelling like how do
I land it not oh you're seeing a very
calm charlie okay guys check this out
we're going to slide this to take off
this is the second flight of the drone
ever and then it just goes like that
it's beeping like a no-fly zone in the
house I need a way to keep it watch this
landing not suitable for landing oh it's
going fair choice take in my both penis
beeping red little more current this is
like it's literally saying don't friggin
fly so I'm gonna turn this off I'll be
back I'm going to set it up with the
controller and we're going to get some
drone shots I'm down you should go talk
to Oh down alright guys here we go this
is a legitimate first flight
everything's hooked up controllers
hooked up Wi-Fi is connected we're just
going to take off I'm going to start
recording now yeah I think we're
recording so we're lifting off three two
one go oh what's the beeping I didn't
take a game why does it be pink beating
someone
okay we need it can you fly it up is
this out yeah yeah steady up not
freaking like that that's suicide how do
I turn around bro right oh that oh go go
for it go go on up go forward
maximum outages yeah I think we're on
like babysitting yeah maximum flight
altitude reach were not that far away so
this is we're gonna go above the trees
yeah go keep lifting it up we should be
good yeah there is a throne at the end
of the day yeah I don't think and go
that high chill chill chill and I did
the BGI smarter side we can see we're
seeing on the phone
guys this is worth drone footage you'll
ever see it your life how are you
shaking that John that yeah but here we
go this is the footage you're seeing
right now my phone is super greasy
there's a brightness I can go through it
wait hold on
summit right there yeah I'm turning on
sport mode keep this on the controller
sport mode storm on Oh time does it go
faster now it said sport mode cautions
oh really bring it down and towards you
yeah yeah we got it cut okay I'm coming
down we're going to see how fast is your
own can go from there to there this
footage is again guys I apologize it's
garbage but I then create two one yes
oh my god
and then it stabilizes turnaround for
Mossad camera let David drivers with it
okay do not crash the drone okay
so laps is up and down I guess this up
down Oh Brian scared the shit out of me
throw do not crash it
Yoshi how is it up inside yeah I bring
it up bring it up but don't go too crazy
drones right here guys oh look at that
now you're recording don't kill me
you're recording now I just pressed it
no yeah
you stopped recording oh really I
stopped started again yeah here we go
boom which way you're viewing are you
not even looking at the screen bro
David's recording without looking at the
screen Oh even looking at this yeah I
see where you're going
oh look I'm gonna turn it to us hey
what's up John how's it going John I
think we should be off sport mode let me
go yo yo yo yo chill chill chill
wait wait wait we're on camera yay Joel
look good hey you know we could go lower
than us
okay go low to high it doesn't raise
that high though this is lit guys the
spark is lit but it has really low
battery light I think just drones in
general battery buddies on key alright
three two one
okay oh you'll let me do a little bit
let me keep trying I don't know don't go
moving throw that long it is live
thousand dollars in your hands I'm a pro
if you break my drug you're paying it's
online it's on Ryan where are you going
going for a little spin around bill to
go shaders her name Go Go move
hey hey lower okay okay go get a nice
let me get a nice cinematic view here
let me go up let me come towards that I
have a good track in myself I three can
adjust the camera worth looking at my
life how do you adjust the camera
we like was there not ten out it oh yeah
after adjusting
yeah
Oh geeze animatics oh my god
varying circuit yeah yeah that's gonna
let me go over and you're going wild
hi guys that's enough drone footage I
will come back oh my girl come back to
you guys in a bit when I learn how to
use this thing
now let's land it with the land button
success nice way successful drone alert
guys the DG's guy
I'm gonna prank him he doesn't even know
I have a drone yet Jan feeling like a
house to her I'm just gonna set flying
and joining the dead dog if we could get
it right come on what come on come on
come on come on okay oh hey is it over
took the plastic off the front that's
why that quality is so bad earlier
Oh
Dustin bro what do you doubt what you
got I just literally 10 minutes ago
really hole I didn't even write on the
drum oh sorry guys you don't even have
the joke Twitter cheated out of it
anyway I had y'all not be with you or
anywhere to find your own panic so to
use observation for guys I survived my
father you know that early 5:44 even
better so I'm sure you guys have just
saw the terrible drone footage I took
today it is my first day flying the
drone so bear with me I'm going to get
better over time
today is garbage footage but in the next
couple of blogs we're going to try and
get some nice montage clips for you guys
I'm gonna try and go all around Ottawa
and get some dope views because I want
to use this drone to full potential so
guarantee for montages usually we don't
do them but we're cinematics now quick
game of 21 let's see if I can win update
you guys
so guys because we haven't switched the
double rim yet basically every time you
almost get it to bounce it like a mod
Mon it's really hard to get
you
this game is going way too slow but I'll
update you guys in a bit I have seven
Ryan is like 15 or 16 vanessa hasn't
broken the ice DJ I was like probably
like will you have eight eight and nine
nine oh my god yo guys are looking up la
air babies and this guy in the photo not
only not but he also loves kids a photo
and this is it oh my god
this little feel bad for whispering
right now because literally my dad just
chirp me in like last video making fun
of me telling me like Wolfie all you do
is whisper at night you always end your
scene you can add that you always start
your scene out there on my balcony which
is near my welcome it's my friggin dad's
balcony anyways I just got back to my
parents house I'm sleeping here tonight
because a look who is here
huge surprise surprise surprise we got
Prince kicking it over here as well as
Wolfie over there on the pot Wolfie good
boy
so we went home for a brother's birthday
so basically I'm here and when I'm here
I'm running around all the time so
usually the dogs end up hey you good boy
out of my mom's house for like a
majority of the days until I'm home at
nighttime and then when I get all my
nighttime I want to cuddle them so
obviously I had to bring the dogs down
here to the couch with me night will be
good boy these dogs were super tired
like five minutes ago and then they went
to so hyper on me so it's got Wolfie
resting on me here he's asleep Prince's
passing out over here right Prince love
you too I'm gonna be smothered in dogs
tonight but I'm going to end the vlog
off there got the fireplace going if you
enjoyed the vlog you already know go
down smash that like button comment down
below if you made it to the very end of
the block its fire or it's lit whatever
you guys want me to it literally is lit
and all the vlogs are freaking fire
except for the drone shots that I got
today that could definitely use some
work I'll work on that guys I promise
and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay repeat after me a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage get
ready for the LA blogs to come two weeks
baby let's go sag oh oh
