good morning a yo what's good werewolf P
welcome back to mark
whoa feet today we got Ryan freezing out
without you - bullshit not talking into
this mic so cut that out there smack you
guys are excited for another video if
you're excited to be alive if you want
good luck for the next week you got to
go down as fast I like button right
friggin now okay well Sam I'm sure
you've already done it today we're going
to do something a little bit different
than a vlog because all day I was
editing today but I was like not we're
going to get a video for the wolf am and
actually tell them what someone posted
today that's actually the baby photos
back fellow after today guys we're
chilling at home he's editing I had to
give back to the homeless I donated a
bunch of money today I had a really busy
day but we've seen that our dad and mom
made an impression of their favorite Sun
drops that's me yeah I'm the favorites i
back of the day when he wasn't born nice
to make videos of me all the time at
Ultra on the evidence about one
whoever's opposed anyways my mom my dad
literally our mom they dropped a video
our moment on our dad drop the video
impersonating basically me so it was
actually pretty good shit today's
podcast is a podcast just up if you guys
want a podcast where we Tosh on all
youtubers him done because on YouTube we
can be doing that stuff but there's a
lot of stuff that we say bye and I
resumes I'm Xia and like honestly like
friggin I always wanted to do a program
and I really enjoy bro honestly bro I'm
coming for you if you can read through
my hand then you know talking fish
anyway I'm all oh my god our mom and my
dad
our mom and our dad dropped a video
impersonating me and Ryan's in my
everyday life like we always do together
so essentially it's impersonating us so
because we're pretty close to success
and there's nobody who knows me pretty
much better than like Sylvia and Ryan
Ryan always makes fun of me of how I am
in my video is just thousands of how to
be Wolfie raps videos out there I'm not
able to come over to my channel should
arrive oh I would think that there it is
okay let's see bro let's see if Ryan can
do it I buy the new merch if you haven't
bought it already wolf you're a scholar
in the description but let's get this
started right now probably going to be a
lot of pausing I'm warning you guys
because I'm going to critique this and
for you guys that are at home right now
thinking about doing a impersonating
wolf perhaps video I don't know if
you're going to do better than my
parents well here we go everybody that
is stay belief that's the profile and we
are all right basically what nothing
right there is your new cliche where God
I don't know you should follow us on
social my god kill me in the front
camera this case make sure you do this
be and you'll see it regular to your
knee and be sure to visit if you like it
what cool thing because it's cool dress
is going to pretend to be will be oh my
god what good you're good bro I love
mark afternoon week what oh yeah oh what
is that oh yeah gladly
yeah I don't say oh yeah laughter I
don't think I've ever that sounds like a
very like right you're going to lose oh
yeah it's not that you have a lot to
work on buddy cuz I've never said that
in my whole life but I'll let it slide
we'll just keep going
I'm saying that so we're Charlie
parented and let me know if they know
better than anybody together and dough
and right imitate him and not hold
agenda so we may be like oh I feel like
you might will tell me like this like
you're up here I was like our home
ramlakhan has always did it hello boy
whoopee and welcome back to another
episode of more rainy day here in our
let's get the in Georgia little Hosken
I'm like a vintage werewolf be welcome
back tomorrow Wolfie but he did watch
the video it was really cool another
episode yeah I do that I do guys do that
yesterday
no offense
hitting the same spot you guys the gold
comment if I did look the same
yesterday's vlog because I'm pretty sure
I did the intro outside right there so
that was pretty close I guess I'll give
you that that your likes on this video
for absolutely no reason completely Todd
the brilliant clothes little bit hahaha
simple is a bit I set here to
aggressives out I'm just like the wolf
threat with the black hammer
I feel like the wolf family time I tell
you that you do okay you pull it away a
little go ahead don't throw the car shot
let us know is my double today the car
privacy you right illness be right so
this right girls is still desired like a
chairman and the carcass I can't blog a
drive sometimes I do in Plus 8 m is
funny because I actually have that
gravity to why I'm stressed crazy baby
I'll get him on good job play ryu-kishin
large double double please oh yeah dad
you couldn't stick to caring for me
buddy
you cracked buddy now we've got large
don't know why did you put a DJ 5
millisecond
which makes them that what are you doing
that movie is a lie you know how it is
so we gotta get away TTC the salad under
water to Ryan
ha ha ha that's a very sweet dog
strawberry mango chicken salad hot dusty
girl
I'll have a diet you'll be in the house
in order to get out of the teaser but
today we decide to get the strawberry
mango chicken salad and it's we it will
I think that's a skill box this is
Chester V oh this is good this is really
good engine so I parents the only pretty
well for a long time for this go to date
see if there's a new fan mail from box
you're looking over Sandhya and I got my
remembers a little bit down a table and
some of us in moments later and just
like that we heard I mean I didn't
appear so the thing was from hope look
and here's a little here will be wrap
you are the greatest person to ever walk
on this planet I hope so fucking will
kill me you're number one I think a lot
but yeah I know what is it
judge hood you guys already know is it
okay
no one really knows what it is should be
this is the first time everything my dad
wearing a backwards hat to a tiny little
ball prison we're back to I think I like
your pitch this is just real life thanks
Troy
I appreciate it what's up Troy please be
let's see what's right over here Troy
baby wolf you are real MVP now that
isn't too creepy nut hop the god-man
have tons of you know my copy here oh my
god dude don't do this bro this is it
here how do you do here anymore that's a
bug of a girl like how you do that
that was the old Whoopi well I'll let it
slide anyways let's do two water bottle
okay perfect
you can do for fun - are we ready here
somebody sent us a stain resistant shirt
no running water you're only here with
the stretch and sample shirt the first
glimmer thrive in Russia and you know
how is disease look like idiot oh we
don't do that always sitting here baby
great let's try the shirt
let's not being repeated so it's not a
saint or it was out one of these
transition to me get over where on my
channel you will see robot cop courtney
serious here here there for years years
and different you do about power on a
camp our dating site order if you want
have like what 0:33 odd sorry
they get bop on the bottom piece in our
music we nowadays are waiting like
making the bigger deal because you're
like whoa really
that's all yes master where's this list
business is with does glitter can a lot
to Toby hey where's the good with
where's the booze Rick mr. Fishman
you know what you in today okay my boy
right sweet my roots too real page in it
because I get some new chinks Gang Gang
Gang the buck did I swear to God I wrote
these life down the lake how you
interpreted what do they say all judges
Gang Gang Gang hold on we have to replay
that I guess oh boy right please I'm
just looking at Torrio's internet cuz I
gotta get some new routines gang again
my hair - crooked ha ha ha we've got a
cool petal don't go to that book you do
that I'm a cool wall page which i'ma get
clout I'm a prank my mother I would tell
my mother that by alright 24 karat gold
wolf jeans yes are you worried I just
tried to pick a fight you see the
picture my vision is pass that my unit
yet when you get cream on it 24 karat
gold watch my shredded oh my god okay
timidly time I quit me not a mass
robbery if you can't get this you're
going to jump on that ball right 117
times 35
to me question 9595 jackal good Ryan you
got you again
you don't tarnish it running start
travel too much of it I'm dead kebab oh
that's right right that was weak
me that what is at the walls it's late
and I'm in the back everybody's asleep
I'm sure as you're watching just so that
I know to eat this for a comment down
below
orange is you read the same as will be
located how to you know hope we did
almost our army and as of yet no oh so
then we have a tank ok where your final
thought that was good penitent Barbara
evident yang gang yeah yeah word left
use the word up you have a few slip-ups
so there's something that pants just
having a head like word or you know I
mean it's like word out in the world of
no well that was good everybody I need
everybody to smash her like one traps
now no reason because we smash like what
example it thirty five thousand likes on
this video go show my parents in love I
will leave a link to their video in the
description they honestly killed it
their title could use a little bit of
work savage versus senior savage is kind
of a little bit not click made enough
but it was pretty good no no no but it
was pretty good so we're gonna click
bait and uh yes they said muscle we're
done don't subscribe my boy whines wait
this channel is lit ties link in the
description here here up something
please gang
Lisbon why the new Wolfie Rob smurfling
in the description this is selling like
a god Church and there's nothing like I
got charged it's really selling like
wildfire literally I think there's like
five or six more days to get to merge so
hurry up wolf and go get a link in the
description comment down below forming
to the end of this video just so I know
is now into the video or not is a new
red orange isn't it so like what if you
want me and Ryan despair a podcast where
we just bashed people and so using the
ice cubes on spread the podcast honestly
I think we should start the body this
podcast is just all do you like this
honesty right like what do you think
honey I think we should start a podcast
about it we could just you're proving
their point right listen guys
hey I'm Tim Roth everybody ah and I'll
see you guys doing on mobile free where
we stay a little bit more savage in my
main channel and as always thanks Irish
click thank God let go
