good morning and you're what consumer
will be welcome back to another episode
of more we'll be Freddie in this video
you guys absolutely killed the like
button on the last video so I might be
shooting from espares but can we get
seventy thousand likes on this video to
continue the series because I don't
really rap anymore and if you saw the
first video which did really really well
I mean look at the friggin numbers has a
two million views
it has over a hundred thousand like
never would I have thought that many
people were interested in why I quit
rapping while rap anymore so go down
smash that like button if you haven't
already also link to my new merch in the
description down below go get yourself a
wavy wolf long-sleeve tee oh my god
check the logo
that's disgusting limited time only boom
Wolfie raps calm turning up wolf ham
anyway today we're doing another episode
of reacting to my old wraps on another
disclaimer how I have to say is I always
wrapped okay I started wrapping before I
even did YouTube and I never took it
seriously
bla bla bla you've heard too many things
basically what I'm trying to say is I
don't claim I'm the best rapper I don't
claim I'm an amazing rapper because I'm
the goat okay I'm the goat rapper I'm at
a phenomenal rapper I'm not the best I'm
phenomenal no but seriously guys I like
the raps that I did and it kind of
sounded like to me what I used to want
to make was like the rap that I was
listening to which I'll show you in a
bit so basically in the last episode we
did a couple songs we did this one which
was my Versace remix this one was like
one of my first raps ever presented just
because we play Monopoly but not really
money you play at the channel she handed
the drum to you so that one is the
prefatory remix new is really about one
and ever since I played that in the
video you guys went off for my
soundcloud like that one has like 70,000
plays something which is kind of funny
there's another one called raw which I
pretty much like that's one of my
favorite songs that I made just because
I went off on that one that one has like
a bunch of plays as well but the number
one song that you guys really rated
popular demand which has by far the most
plays so many of you guys after I drop
the first one went off and like you will
be you need to drop that you need to let
us download it if some people found a
way to download it and then we
bumping it in their car sending me
videos with actual shows to the woman
that did that but if you guys don't
remember which one talk to the demand is
this is the one this one comes in and
punch to indicate a generic fight of the
carotid in and people helping them we
became rupees every day on fan pulls
open no hand Regina I wasn't on a budget
popular I don't know where itself
happens I'm on the popular man on the
budget popular man that one you guys
really read it so I do a little more
review of that one and the hash tag I
did for that one but a snake speaker
doctors rest in peace guys going to
speaker doctors then you played yourself
because that is how I used to listen to
back in the day all the time so today we
are going over other the song called day
know which I never showed you guys
there's a slower song called vibe in
which I had a lot of fun doing I made I
wanted like one day and then there's an
exclusive move that dope that one has a
music video I don't know how I found
that one I took that one down on YouTube
but it's still on the internet because
you know once you post something on the
internet it never goes away so if we're
going to go with move that dope first
and I'm going to react it I want to see
if I had know the word still down one
was like I'm thinking it was like three
years ago but let's get into it
this one I fully did by myself and I had
so much fun I edited this one David
parody on the music video how did it
feel to you will get no Jonah to move
that dough ey move that dough it move it
move it move it hey Johnson dead away
they know I love it
go hang up your diva move that going
moving going you guys hey I can't wrap
after this dr. mark tonight I know I can
wrap it in the first body let me move
that dough here we go
I say information you say in a house
word nigga people on a whoopee state any
wondering how look at me now again and
so low
widow voice on my photo done that you
can't golf but you know standoff in a
Radian but why protocool got you table
photo then you ain't top money is a
no-go no show please don't promo Oh Cho
Cinco yo Jose that's correct
look fact that's what I used to call you
guys little packs back before a wolf's
and with the thing so that's how you
know it was before because I think I
came up with the name wolf BAM 100k subs
so I was probably out like 20 to 30 K
subs and this is when I was like
ultimate cocky like before I was dating
somebody I just had a huge head so if
there's some graphic Ryan I apologize
I'm a changed man now I settled down but
old wolfy was that's where savage came
from no Joe we don't know Joe Pikul joke
Oh see yes Bret wolf said yes I am
typing agent up sexy back green grass
for my pastor and your nigga moved in
with what a couple chicks can you take
your pick on your worst nightmare when
we 680 cover this in depth to the
wilderness c-135 breathable cattle
brethren TV
Noah doctor at least for me I can enjoy
a Negrito me I found negative degree
Tommy
rope movement no they've done to move I
went off knowing that though they don't
get it let me move to know and as new
that really shot in like they don't wait
in David's bedroom what I'm looking at
you're eating a subway in my business
that way and in LA blood the second
verse of the song I wrote for a
different song and there's a lot of
swearing in this one so they're going to
be a lot of bleeping so I apologize for
that but this one I wrote for a
different song and I was recording this
one and I couldn't think of a second
verse like I had a brain fart or
something so I just put it to this one
and it sounded like dirty hobo will be
for an xx valid will comment will be 4
XX Elliot I've had enough of it you want
to grow them and go uncomfortable to
listen up you kids didn't tell you
clearly
I've been going to de monkey r2 threat
seven days a week
what is the reason why to get it in the
sheets i'ma tell them what I mean put a
head into another thing with them has a
trailer for my baby
jeez that's right you learned it clear
not even close to the red I'm on another
tear wanna know the truth I don't pop of
a Robert brings me a health individual
your daughter's music I'm a slaughters
principle be on the way I'm going to go
in the water what you're talking about
if you ain't whooping and you to figure
it out when we come in bigger enough and
you are not getting rid of my smile
cocky they take you in my friend come so
give me 11 I'm throwing up people you
niggas settle in and I'm just getting
started so settle in those life and
replay that talking about if you ain't
whooping and you need to figure it out
when they come a bigger amount and you
will not get it rid of my smile this
part safe can't come with my present so
give me 11 I don't know you want unity
settle in and I'm just getting started
so settle in G only know I don't care
what anyone says
those were bars it may not be the best
parts but those are mediocre bars but I
was having so much fun during this music
video my brothers in his John's in it
all about boys in it anyways next song
they know this one was super adding this
might have been like one of the first
songs that I actually wrote and then
recorded this is back in the day this
song we did some auto-tune as well and
you guys are probably wondering guilt
will feel like why do you auto-tune
brother like you don't need to do
auto-tune hey I do auto-tune because I'm
not a singer I do auto-tune because
you're police sounds wavy and the music
that I listen to back in the day
let me just give you an example let me
look up any speaker knockers you guys
don't know speaker not good you played
yourself like I said
Teagan objects and go as long as 43
million views let's give a bit rich
nigga bank well just a water the lights
always say Chloe I get these niggas from
all angles gonna start pull up pull up
take your man how she'd see how off the
money I'm gonna swing I do what I wanted
I do a happy feeling Hotel attain
evening as you can see on the thing the
guys using autotune and it's wait I
don't know what you don't like me let's
go on and you know Heidi I got a few
dollars as she rose upon the scale so
you can offer does it go oh one more
feature dr. song before I go on to my
next trap this one super emotional
this was Whoopi in his feelings I love
singing good even though I can't sing
yeah I always found we belong to do with
this where I listen doing this why I
made something I could you do it to me
at all I share with you I can't feel
doctor to do this to me I put my trust
in you
I love you how could you do this to me
maybe thought hold on wait a boy but you
not so know I want a larger and then
sorry you
yes try to get known as potato Kiko
get-together Mahoney's don't call my car
gave me alone jeez okay that's enough
for speaker not without getting in my
fury but that is the type of music I
listen to so keep that in mind when I'm
playing this on under percent original
childhood Felix peed let's get to it
the course definitely need to build up
and like a crazy ride that jungle cocky
but on tumblr hey folks if you could
hear the speeches from one looking to
500 series burger jeans your girlfriend
she knows more reflected all around my
Nexus we mess with the steak dinner and
before a death wish I got note a super
comfy girl if I had you basis of
purchase or make your imagination
and the course got dirty of course it's
melted you just want to sit in your
cards bring in roll the windows down
engine but no you tell people
yeah but you're ready as I say people in
a way for real we are crowded they have
what my time is this is a reminder of
hunger the diamond but my hobby Timmy
I'll be riding with my fiends will it go
so badly did there we sat in on you as a
fight we throw a party like it's not a
fight
no stress we encourage em I like this
mr. lesser than my calling progress
their corapi but I don't read not play
get a lion RIT but I don't rest rest in
peace but I don't rest without that was
that was you far goddamn young Whoopie -
other party
I think I floated out like a nerd
when I didn't fart I think I went off on
the third verse I went off if I remember
slowed faculty will have been four cents
at last
you're next - 24 karat my younger dough
ice cream a salmon go through our own
no-face tofu
I'm sucking the bad thing with all ooh
I'm so cool I'm swaggin out my house but
I'm praying about ride it out
- you know it's money screaming I'm
pressing on console turn up as no I'm
better now you know I can sell the rest
of my business but you dream is
publishing companies in women turn out
perfect about my business
yeah
all of three notes feeling absolutely
honored to chat to the beat with it I'm
really sweating from now on so they know
that I'm sweating now we're going to go
back to a little more popular demand
because you guys are obsessed with that
song for some reason to assume that you
care about anything I just like the
course do this on the most first I went
a little bit hard but whatsoever in the
popular one and I'm scary now because I
think maybe now fuck hey hold it in
there percussion when I'm on the phone
another so did I do I want to do hate to
be the topic this discussion on the
console
I'll make those rate rules make no
mistake they're saying about waiting get
to mind this one looking against all of
us that in my team I feel like us play
back of business party popular we'll see
Kotori boobies everyday I'm gonna enjoy
myself lying on the button be popular
popular memory
I reacting to the same fun hit the like
button and comment down below if you
like the sound they know every to this
by Charlotte I just made the craft I
wish you a nigga don't give a shit or
you'll be happy my nigga young will be
that's right when you went up for that
song song so popular miss Lilly that
song is popular the man hold me popular
the man last song we're going to go over
for today's episode again hit the like
button if you guys want me to do more of
these I have a full channel which I'm
pretty much private it you can't really
find any of the stuff on it where me and
my buddies used to do like moon like
super goon rap song to my buddies are
like boy did you ever see a fiblet and I
was pretty friggin like whitewash as a
kid I'm still a lush but when I tell you
how goon reacting for how we looked it
didn't fit but they were so fun to me so
hit the like button I will do a reaction
to all those crazy rap songs and I may
have been like shirtless wearing crazy
chains in those so if you want to see
those so last but not least called 5 in
so this one has a slow build-up this is
the slower song by this 1 décimo
solitude
and in this beat I just found on YouTube
like on some random page I don't know if
I the t21 three or something
see my main team are very laggy you know
my girl and this time to you I hope
survived - you know I present to you
know you mean I this nigga Rasmus he's
got the time we ended up in the field
and she's loving to fail we bout to come
to his party the school today up in the
hills
guess you keepin it real 100 on it yeah
you know the deal
comfortable middle the part like Jason
Kidd Whoopi was taking a spin Jenny honk
jay's strong game are babes often
everyday your weekend another first race
like a race back to my name on no 722
play some a go past them go crazy on
will take us to one again whether the
nigga sister hey I got I already put a
member what she meant to be very thing
every day is her birthday treat a
librarian you might be so you don't
worry keepin a Samaritan I literally
just mumbled a half those words but I'm
trying to keep up with so long since I
middle ear through the works I know you
already bad when it comes to loving baby
now knows archers ready don't they tell
me what to do yeah yeah yeah exactly you
so much for this one like I said a
minute in a day I'm like I don't know I
kind of like this one kind of nice but
you live in your learning programs and
you go get you don't stress you know
strategy both left and you blow gently
do that stuff second I remember the
second bracing I mean I am a sexy out of
town so we live in on a late-night
technology undress you would not teach
internet usage and I love that makeup
pause yeah put some needs to get back
you when it came to the clock hit the
hahaha
and I just can off-key okay down and
spread all the girls I've been with me
oh girl what I'm thinking don't worry
you've got my head straight
I don't know where anymore we go away in
your baby's okay take it miss anything
what you got enough getting arrested
right get away you today and wait on
Jamaica I'm saying
you're the bank manager with the
placement yes yes you know nobody barely
ate at night night we can do a live song
for some reason my neurologic Amazon but
yeah that's fine right there now
depending on I put on my boy again
because he cannot go to your school in
the best car I was born in everything
this has 90 schools I just took it
that's what I can't do if you went for
proto wish quick you would brag - I'm
sorry I'm Vanessa one can money but I do
man poor Don okay that's enough of that
today guys go there is three songs but
I'll be reacting to today if you want
another episode you know what to do
smack the let 170 thousand likes and I
will expose the most cringy wolfy fetus
multi the you guys have ever seen this
is never-before-seen footage I think
this stuff has like a thousand views so
only a thousands of people like early
wolf amateur still with me you've seen
it but other than that no one seen it
also do not forget to go caught the
merch limited sale wolfy wraps calm link
in the description as well
super wavy trooper come see girls and
guys can wear this looks really good on
girls actually but also super wavy on
guys obviously comment down below Wolfie
for double XL maybe I'll take xxx this
position even though I love it but there
was some odd stuff to just went on in
the cypher so who knows what's going on
next they might need a new candidate and
that is different today I will see you
guys soon on more will be where we stay
a little bit just a little bit more
savage on my main channel and as always
stay savage Lego
