good morning a yo what's good it's more
wolfy welcome back tomorrow whoopee guys
always recibo in turn kick forgot to put
my seatbelt on we are on our way to go
get our hair cut
I've decided I want to keep the length
on the top and I'm just going to fader
on the sides because you know summer is
here and this is what I call the wolfy
summer cut going back like a few years
this is what looks the way vyas in the
summer but as you can see on my head
wolfy caps lake and bio hurry up and go
buy it limited time only cough all my
merchants so right now I'm not all my
merch but a lot of em are so right now
Wolfie ops ah come already know this
anyway it's gonna get the haircut
I hope my wolf am are having an amazing
day you guys have been showing a lot of
love these past couple weeks on the vlog
so shout out to all the people that came
early commented early have seen all the
secret messages I've been putting in the
vlogs shout out to you guys I love you
so much so before we start the vlog make
sure to go down and continue that
support by smashing that like button
35,000 likes for no reason at all
actually because because Danny Wolfie
wants 35,000 likes and now let's go get
a haircut Ryan plays on the cut the wave
cut okay
I like it right I rate the cut calm
success money no but I think J shout out
to the barber come call him rookie oh go
ahead bro my name is Justin oh okay
this is your 15 minutes of fame bro who
you want to shut up about the creek so
just doing here
alright I shut up screams John Shope the
fan pocket oh shut up all of the Nancy
Ewing tour everyone movie bless you you
guys want to cut you already know where
to come save stay Frankie that's where
we all go for fully refreshed trust
luckily Chris is not here to terrorize
the camera now so what if Chris saw that
I was holding the camera right now
that's gotta be asking for every
shoutout in the world but we're done
come so there's a guy in here like this
little kid who doesn't watch any of my
videos
not wolf em we heavy Jake polish so
we're going to break them Kristen
cutting in hair Kristen cutting my head
south middle and you can told them you
get a give him the horse hair cutter his
life because I don't know yourself using
a cool okay you know what to do give you
magic you gotta watch the videos we're
going to put W in his head before Frank
will you watch the videos today it gives
you go home you'll watch the video now
yeah shake my hand okay on your tablet
her watch the videos but you watch it
Paul that's every day bruh
awesome trick no more no hope they're
like I want to give it a horse in butter
you're late for what okay no we're going
to do now exactly gonna convert amen
guys now that the hair is fresh I can
finally go outside without without
wearing a hat and now I love these
glasses too the next step is to fix this
ring you guys know where we go we always
go to this newest place cue shot to the
guy there he always hooks it up but the
problem is tell me how I got a ring
because you guys know I love my rings
and it absolutely broken hot like it
actually snapped the metal snaps oh I'm
gonna go ask it I didn't get it from
here so I'm gonna see if he can like fix
it for me and hook it up but I didn't
get it from here so he has no reason to
do it so hopefully you can fix this
because this is like one of my favorite
rings and I got to get it fixed easier
than I thought
ladies he just drop the ring off grab
the chocolate because here but we're out
of here already
after this door closes this is going on
there I need to work out what's wrong
what the heck stones are the heaviest
girl pool table will that hold it
hold what okay hold this I don't even
want the chocolate p-please hold it left
hand throw left hand get out of here
anyways now
comment down below what food you think
me and Ryan are about to get we love
this one food and it's actually pretty
healthy for you with what we get on it
so comment down below if you know if
you've been watching the vlog fear of
God or a while you know what what it's
going to be but if you haven't then I'm
sorry you probably don't know what it's
going to be it's pretty simple though it
starts with the S and ends with a L and
it's two words if you don't know what it
is I'll show you
Oh burrito gringo you guys should
seriously hook us up with a brand deal
or something because we put you on we
come here all the time
whoa fam central here plays nation
central here you know I already had to
do it to them with the salad bowl oh my
god guys this looks phenomenal
you shake it up a bit get the lettuce
and the chicken underneath this thing is
like solves all my problems in life
get everyone available and everyone be
happy you know kick and kick guys all
right but salable give them a give them
a salad bowl he'll be happier than
kicking up the only thing wrong in
Ottawa is rain coming from the skies
please stop
literally I'm trying to have a good day
I just don't want it to rain I'll move
italic one week one week I'm coming back
to LA I love you LA I'm coming back I
was a no on the last message of it yeah
that's a great case and the one on there
rate is a goof okay guys so welcome back
to another episode of teaching Ryan how
to drive because it as time passes he's
eventually going to get his licenses
full-time and a car in the same month
guys you guys are blessing with the
opportunity to not only learn how to
drive but also get a car I'm thinking of
getting a Dodge Camaro or an Audi
comment down below which one's your
favorite even look good to you but yeah
honestly when you're teaching someone a
drive you know teach them in like
$150,000 cars it's not supposed to be
driven by an average fuckin person so go
ahead start it up you know yeah so you
always have to play your foot on the
brake only on this so you guys are you
holding this automatic car so it's all
nice but that's not just showing them
you have to double check this before you
pull back or anything just to double
check with your carnico don't don't hit
this guy inside of the car oh boy okay
for the car you sure dude we're just
going to we just turn the car turn the
car on all right push the start no
keys push the start yep okay now the guy
runs away immediately yes okay so my
switch on on the braid right now it's in
park it says Park we taught you this
before this is the emergency brake on
this cut foot push it down shit get down
now going and drive in this car you hit
it to the right it says and then not
says d1 so now you're essentially in
Drive so just make sure there's no card
at your blind spots then we're good now
there's no cars coming so now you have
to give it a little bit of gastric if
they're going a little bit of gas you're
laughing now now you can give it more
gas okay
now Ryan's driving through hands on the
wheel at all times go straight or good
no high time this guy don't stop signs
everything's good Oh stick you're good
very loud you are laughing double check
you know how to fight how fast you can
go in school them forty I think it might
take a trick this long to how I think it
is 40 40 or 35 no no stop sign no stop
sign here is no stop sign it's just a
street Oh a street no stop sign you got
to look both ways at all times make sure
there's no kids coming you can go a
little faster it would be like okay shit
Oh
oncoming car this is an expensive one oh
please your eyes guys that was my
thousand I'll carry for my first time
that was like your first first probably
actually going and knowing where the
stop signs are countless
now there's no stop signs until the end
of the road and when we get to the end
of this road is when you're going to
actually turn right onto a Main Street
not a Main Street it's a side series
decide see how that you can do it where
you want to go more this way away from
these cars on the side of the road here
okay so this is a stop sign up here
there you're good trust me just stop at
the stop sign pull up to the stop sign
we're about at the stop sign now in chop
now like go up keep going up now this is
turn note six wait up with ya how we're
going to sit yep now look no one's here
you're you're good you get turn right
give it some gas Oh straighten it out
Ryan's on the main road we're saying it
up oh this is driving instructor Wolfie
I wonder how the Molotov all pays off
the wish you'll find hitting every
button the windshield you're on another
another stop sign well so wait let this
guy pull up first
stop till you're single on which is up
paid up okay now your neck you turn
right now this car is here all over the
car here I'm leaving with cars bro we're
driving - I was up next because it's on
the for weight for weight it know when
people pull up to people the car
furthest to the right
yes ago and he went first and then Ryan
one second so we're literally on roads
with cars guys driving I'm teaching Ryan
because this test is coming up soon
cars are closed for days look at these
mad cars coming at us
yeah I'm right so intimidating not now
they know they know for in this kind of
like yeah he knows where he's doing
people nobody would let it go is our
doing
turn right here right put your signal on
you what you get to go first because
we're on this side of the road so we get
to go we get to go yep no what was
whatever I'll turn right again here on
Kodak Street a Kodiak come dead and no
stop sign you don't have to stop I just
watch where who's around the corner
alright guys so this is driving with rye
driving with Wolfie I'll update you guys
in a couple minutes we're just going to
do a few laps yeah Ryan used to the road
we'll be back
what all-time done off my there's a path
so slow down just in case your kids
being savages and running okay go ahead
commute it will be back but I'll give
you a lip on that we in the Lionel's
headquarters guys Magnus getting a tour
of the new rows scrim everyone's getting
new curves right now you guys wondering
what goes into a rock vandal I this is a
rock house this is the rocks to do guys
Lionel's den here I want to show you one
thing that I like about their house is
the backyard
I love how they've done all the weeds
literally love how they done the weeds
so he's a little either lazy row we've
that nice and play so yeah that's
actually where we're growing our produce
for this you could put you could grow
weed hero and nobody would know I just
think it looks like meat yeah this'll I
know then my house and Julia's house is
coming soon guys
I promise we're just figuring things I
was figuring out la 2017 so we look
today our menu check it out beet salad
guys this is why view Narayan can't get
bees in it if we're not willing to eat
on pears in here there's a some henskee
I'm the period liposuction go home live
over will light looks like all to harm
age not mama you don't eat bread but
firmly out of cheese baby breath yeah
but I'm ready to dig for my tea game
what the hell is that some baby what
kind
well just right at the bagels such me
people is if you listen I need water do
you think why doesn't he care
we filter amazing hopefully drink
filtered water guys
Evaristo it to Elia Muji I don't think
they drink tap water in the cat tower is
very bad for you
normal people up there it's in red
pepper thank you very much engine cover
at all I don't drink topo her at all I
only like to taste the filtered water
because I've been drinking Britta since
either you begin encourage hmm I'm not
15 okay yeah yeah here
give these to dad press the button press
the button mom press the button teeth
Novick press the button press the button
press the button show them see them in
person these are for dad have a button
no no these you need these let me show
you USB charger these are the new Yeezys
to have different patterns the new easy
use gray fit oh wow
actually comfy you can have them sure
dad okay dogs come on we're going boys
yes that's what friends yeah whoopee
come on
haha let's walk good boy good boy
Oh me and we'll see about to go on our
first walk at the boys house ready fit
coupling can you stop barking at rocket
please Prince come here prayers will be
on Prince drink come here
do you looking at me whoopee come here
honey oh yeah we got wolf you need
Prince Prince I'm coming in prince is
deathly afraid of rocket which is David
Doug but Prince is like chillin now
let's go in a walk Hey
good boy let's go Prince good boy
even though you just peed on yourself me
in severe just taking the dogs on a walk
me and Sylvia Sylvia me and Sylvia it's
a nice day outside and surprisingly
Prince doesn't even need like a leash to
be walking in this bench is massive
Prince oh you're right behind me come
jump up so the end prints are going
Maude whoopee come on oh shit Prince fly
fly fly good boy
no leash Prince you're a good boy Wolfie
I know you still need a leash because
you're barking at Rock and every day I
come here too scared to explore I hope
you just want this for get yourself a
dog that's scared of everything because
then they won't run away from you you
know on our feet good boy Prince oh yeah
good boys guys look how fast princess
when I run he's been sprinting
hey whoopee
so
she's faster than you yes friends come
here
oh boy well your speedy buddy
and this is how you tie her the dogs out
rings coming
ransom property good boy Sifl good boy
buddy good boy
literally he just did like three springs
back and forth oh come on Frank
oh you're fast good boy you win gold
medal for you buddy
oh here comes yeah we'll see you is
waiting for his mom to come good boy I
tell you there's so many bugs my gosh
look I didn't see no more wolf no no no
yes we cool
listen up spy will be in chrome bye
Francie thanks oh one springs your
lights is easily fibrin what's over
there that I keep smelling so here you
guys is it lucky wait Fred alright guys
so you ran into some fans and Finley
Creed you guys gonna show anyone out I
did get it
good you guys do you guys know who this
guy is he's old-school he's old-school
okay okay anyone else
shut up Casey
shut up - these guys - we are here we're
here or you will friend - no no no not
too bad not too bad yourself
Adam daddy okay it's lit guys we are
here at the grocery store got the Gucci
we're going to get food look at it yo
you guys no more my name is - guys on my
name is Joe you don't mind miss luck I
want to see you Tom DeLay right
you want to use Lincoln by right single
with them to let my midday not my miss
Marmot Muslim he was blocking tilapia
yeah I apologize this is what gets a
little rough or has got cameras if I
were to change
what do you mean yo here's a ship a
hurricane main channel not even this
ship finally chamomile nice with it look
at this we think Ryan I think you're a
great piece to the team you came your
bro look I'm over here bro Omar
Louisville Kentucky pre-marinated
targeting our needs this is a no-brainer
can you put the dope on sale go to grab
one two two things the two things I got
three say but what do you want to eat
pink Sam like a pink salmon I want some
Bank some bait I want out of the bank as
you move along in our grocery journey we
got some pork back ribs are all never
done this is money footage from from a
constable
the whole perhaps Wow for those don't
know that's ways they're stored the
support for a friggin wolf cake oh so
for those who don't know the support of
Wolfie take this in pretty crazy man how
do you zoom on this video there we go
this is pretty messed up and why is it
so slow man how the focus heart show
those didn't know how serious is the
port was take this in we're trying to go
to a grocery store get a 1 2 food oz you
know like this what Oh My pretty messed
up man this pretty crazy look at this oh
it's pretty thick man pretty crazy
open it off the counter man yeah show me
oh this is so much different than iPhone
man I've only ever vlog on the iPhone
you got a nice little handle do this no
no no no alright we're going to face
let's get the music going to get the
visit of they're getting to say Omar in
this bro yo sale my name is
hey Omar you a gang hey Mari gang so yo
those who think being a public with
Charlie's wait six it was looks real
cutting up your pain please no pictures
please
ha come on my admit you're behind the
scenes being wolfies friend holding his
bag like taking photos really your life
man
we're really here man in the three man
look at this sticky photo so I was like
come on man okay shit man
so guys we literally just got back from
the mall we didn't get no pot we go in
everybody you're about to be on the live
stream no no you're not alone no
straight nation no there must be life
already on the last engage after they
can go on the livestream sweet nation on
the live stream bed comment one takes a
while like 15 seconds too late so let's
see what's parking right now oh no one's
mounting one all right not all their
hard one oh we're you has a bowl oh here
critical once then watch them why is it
going so slow after its limiting the
chat for sure before the whole media
quarrel
this one is in the lovely showed it to
another Canadian thing and we got this
it's lit but yeah let's look you all
right here you know a little cooking
food right here got some electrons in
some ever salt-n-pepa's ever and some
food in college already we are already
cooking in here in some Salamone salmon
i'm salmon on top of salmon guys were
feasting out here healthy wolf i will
weigh talk talk he will show everyone
screenshot name and put it on now put on
snapchat or something here you go
creature on this okay guys so the time
has finally come
the wolf famine spoken clearly Logan and
Jay Paul are just too damn big for
YouTube because everybody has been
tweeting me more than like anything
about my murse today it's more than
anything I know the low game is dropping
shot on them I hate right I know the
Lowell gang parlors are freaking taken
over YouTube okay it's very evident this
jaw-dropping this left right at the head
so I'm gonna do it you guys have been
asking all day even though half the song
has been released and we reacted to a
time ago the full fall of Jake Paul or
the aka the second verse is now out so
we're going to do another check on them
you first thumbs up the video if I
should slap Ryan in the face and I will
do it in the next vlog for you so we're
gonna do a reaction to right now like I
said we've seen the first half of the
song but we have to watch it all in full
effect so that the second verse hits
that much harder so here we go
I'm here with Omari made Ryan sways not
the beam is going to use electronics in
this check feature on my amygdala the
diss track you want to do on the palm
brother my boys just messing me got to
be will be rough get the chose K okay so
let's get reacting it's three minutes
it's a quick song ball goes in it to
here so let's get it okay so here we go
we're just going it's a very quick song
so things are getting fast-paced no more
has no clue what's going on because I
doesn't watch YouTube but I think whoa
whoa I'm just in it for the music man
I'm usually mean I realize the last year
I ran the same shirt I'm cheese here we
go
hey buddy please Mike yeah say crazy
Logan funk isn't that Jake brother yeah
oh this over to the fair game
a baller jig ball kid doctor I got it yo
and then just Jackie's brother
I already gonna let this go do it try to
relax
oh no wait I have the kill me girl you
guys gone Eugene me two fingers one it's
about to happen twice okay pause it
there I'm just going to explain to you
because you don't know what's going on
the bars thousand one this one yeah he
made it famous on YMS when he likes it
that's as well use a de-stressor days
right there and then that was the line
before it make a drop every other day we
can punch line in this every day so if I
don't you know okay I think you should
know when he brings in his his a likkle
band here all right on me they're on
there come up this is the baby bro idea
a brother any time so yeah we're ready
to just come back here do this on okay
this prayer company for a single month
yeah I come out some local island
oh go behind this is my sock Logan
coming in whoa - to remember that song
Firefly
Oh depression okay so this is the second
birth officially coming up right now
we're listening it's out of the car
this is Alma chapter yeah Madison
secular fingers okay she looks not
familiar no no no you're gonna take the
road ahead zebra we didn't see no you're
gonna say a oneechan being in this track
what you see today my khaki give it and
why you making a dish I can be rated
below the district's five minute here so
al energy all right suppose the biggest
thing there again so heavy like this is
like make ax and Logan's bring here in
the tractor like Digby Fuji okay but at
the end of the day I'm a little game
college
I love them work then why you remember
the distress play don't make the
discharge
you mean dessert sweet aren't you Frank
J the book called yeah forget it
legitimately good morning your friend
Marty and we lost I defied we work nine
to five and see the horny percent of our
you say it was
why do you think it save you money
because he's big 60% watch Ryan's blog
when we got the day out when I got the
other day article you know when I have
lost myself
he takes forty percent but when he's in
a take sixteen I would take do you have
a channel we just do just heaven bro I'm
not about house y'all Jaipur watching
this tiny boy out I'll take ten percent
around that it kinda close towards that
kids are like they don't know that
there's money being taken but from a
business perspective like yeah ten
percent is fair yes because presenting
the reasonably I possess there and they
were guarding Network but other than us
did you take forty and then six
depending on to this chant how carbon
every few pennies means 10% I thought
you said yeah you should be causing for
Tyrion to do there's a costume for you
should shut our we're playing it so he's
smarter than we accurately go into is
already quit
oh yeah okay y'all listen the mighty to
the commo here we all know you either
like
that's the holy brother si knows
everyone I love the I arrange the
Martinez Prince I can buy happiness
tunes man but I the other day look is
also everybody's but it is nice for all
of us stopping right there is one true
savage Anya's here to joke all right I
got a little bit out for my better end
today trying to it Logan to savage this
yeah
with nobody 4050 dog I went PG because
you have to go PG but you don't know if
you don't your savage be a nice house oh
wow that's the first line into this
Shack by the hahahaha be right back oh
my god Haven I dropped a dish uh kurinny
bro okay I think it's them and good no
no no no no no no ELISA spit up no no no
no no no runs off in slow motion no
robots hold on oh that like I would say
actions speak louder than words that
actually just spoke weight is long
grief is evil when was it down do you
like I feel like the reason the second
this is conspiracy theory
wasn't dropped because something may
have happened let's thought the last
part from coming up and it's cut out the
last part for a reason I don't even know
if happened I'm just assuming it didn't
happen because it looked like a hospital
show that in your district that's
nothing Noel run that bond just a little
bit extra slow-mo
meeting with chinko 2 3 321 321 go here
so I won't play it no you gotta press
here oh yeah make sure you both make
sure how they're going extra slow yeah
point point you slider but please no no
no that's way too far
this is Bob what you five too far yeah
take it right there okay
but let me find every positive 21 I got
you
let's see oh top the TV ah
let's just say what do you rate when you
raise the song like nothing to do with
youtubers what do you rate the song my
song
for someone who doesn't like isn't a
musician or anything I'm going to show I
think the production is good the virus
could have been a bit hotter there with
some hot bars and flow is could have
been at the heart as well overall first
I give them a Pteranodon exam absolutely
atrocious Jabbar here is a let go it's a
guy kinda low he's not a rapper but
honestly the bars were pretty good
during the birth
production on Waldo productions did like
amazing Russians really and are yeah but
the quality is a song to like master
tomato masters like nice everything
looks great but I should maybe shaping
this I got just I because judge music
yeah just don't think it's only a
Silurian like knee goes that's okay
Kendrick is out here he goes
we got your eyes let us out of just nine
days I wonder what should ten oh my
laughing why you laughing oh man thank
you laughing it does and I know you guys
know area six don't fuck with it okay
I'm a long all I wasn't no game I'm all
the time what do you give it when you
think that his head like my wife on a
good bar wife we have nothing not shit
bro yeah no you're gonna ring YouTube
it's a six
considering the YouTube button it's an
easy 9.6
all right bless you know how many hugs
you got a peep brother with everybody I
mean if you're just a music guy I'm
showing that like versus a drink chai
guitar chase
yeah I was going to agree but that's
almost let's dare to drink of mystery
you guys everyday got to go drink daily
driving people I did try hard to does
what is Jack
hey what I saw selling guns guys we
can't do that dream run that dick don't
actually three Drake but I know somebody
probably already did subscribe or
subscribed all the boys cargo PCEHR
youtoo.com slash Ryan sweet lady follow
the man down sounds nice to get out of
that on the tape flash mohanty hot I
didn't want to but he's on a sound card
so I'll leave all the links in the
description drink the best rum Ramona in
tandem we'll look it great
hey neat wit stuff oh so got it where I
get to Edna blog off there it's really
late I love you guys so much if you stay
to the end of love shout out to you
you're the real MVP comment down below
end game ok end gang and I will comment
back and hurt a bunch of your comments
it's not like button if you haven't
already let's hit 40,000 links because
we're super late and because you know I
did the reaction a hundred dollars like
and what drops a try mom loves me right
in the head what it doesn't what you see
Mike and I'll get my 40 put them back at
the end of the year oh my gosh
you miss your dog who lives here so hit
the like button guy again I hope you
enjoyed the video and I will see you
guys soon are more Wolfie where we stay
a little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage
now go oh
