good morning ay yo what rich boy will be
welcome back to more wolfy guys today we
are in the zone I'm back in my home city
I'm feeling fresh feeling clean I
smelled it because I just sprayed a
mathematical Onan and I hope you guys
are too so smash that like button like
yeah and you already know what it is we
hit thirty five thousand likes on every
single video we post so go down hit that
like button if you're part of the like
gang hope you guys are having an amazing
amazing day whatever your goal is to do
this summer let's see if you can get it
let's see if you can get it done in half
the summer so then you guys have to
summer to do another goal I hope all my
viewers are staying savage AF because
that's how we do today there's not
really any plan me and Ryan are probably
gonna head downtown to go do a few
things I need to go like exchange the
cord for these headphones like the Bose
headphones I have because it doesn't
work and the court is super specific so
you can't just like buy online so I need
to go in and see if I was like a
warranty to go get a new one so that's
the first off of the day but the boys
are out for breakfast right now they
didn't invite me because I guess if
you're not in the new house you don't
give you don't give the invites to the
damn breakfast so I'm gonna go pick
right up from there and let's get
started with this Oh what the heck Murch
out now by the way Wolfie raps calm go
get yourself some right now the first
wave of merch is out right now so
basically we're dropping the cheese
we're dropping the long-sleeve shirts
and we're dropping the fire hoodies that
I sell it like a god Church and I just
saw some no much and there's nothing
like a God charge no Jake Parliament big
but got it sell it
now what so you guys you should hurry up
and go get it whoop your ass comm link
in the description link in the bio get
it before it's sold out and then after
that wave drop sweetheart we got lots of
Dodd hats coming we got girl stuff
coming it's going to be insane so shut
all the people that have already bought
my merch I love you guys now a key tag
today okay
a single spray I take on your babe yep
hey hey no complaints no complain just
got here my friends would take the
furthest furthest breakfast spot in the
leaf yeah I don't I'm not in the house
that'll get it later what makes it fun
guys you ready here try the dish me yeah
they normally guys roll I'm an LA guy
now so I'll get breakfast want to invite
us anymore Bob mercs look at this
scripture so I don't know if you guys
know this or not but me and Ryan more
specifically Ryan has like a sweating
issue so right now it's so hot weather
outside you're not really close but
where is there only had like like this
weird red one we went to go get a
Gatorade when we didn't work out so yeah
we're in the gym so we want to go get
the Gator is sweating ish you go get a
Gatorade when it's so hot outside that
you feel like you've worked out because
you just on this earth days a workout
guys I'm stressed I don't know what is
happening with Ottawa I don't I truly
don't because two minutes ago
it was beautiful outside and now again
it just started like raining it's just
like a light drizzle you know the type
of rain that like I don't know if you
get rain where you're from but we get
rain a lot it's like the the little
drizzles that is kind of annoying that
kind of ruins what you wanted to wear
that day that's the type of rain that's
happening right now but we're not going
to let it rain actually on our parade
I'm funny I think jad wants to film like
a quick reaction vid if you can see him
through the door he's in there somewhere
with with Ryan's waves we just got to
the boys house I love this house way
more than the old house is actually room
to walk around here you see that room to
walk around that's what I'm saying so
filming is always the first scene of the
day aa
7-1 everyone really gradually Ryan
through his first video with a million
people the guy said he couldn't do it
but he did it I put a fam down your what
I'm more of a like a 200k month but what
about when everything you drop it's a
milk that's like me and I'm angry mr. mo
let's go Harley hit 30 milk
everyone shot alright we could be hit a
mil but I've no doubt there you go sir I
hate you didn't lock it I didn't lock it
go watch the video to find out get it to
35 mil that's right comment down below
your fever will be good bro hey I'm
Charlie's videos have more views in our
own channel this is my favorite video of
all time one of my favorite videos of
all time the cock ring those were
bangers come o subway a donald the CB
Gilman's online if you go to mcdonalds
video that has mcdonald that going to
play they sell fries
so guys are about to react to jazz well
videos just like we're reacting to mine
technically right now my old thumbnails
and didactic - all thumbnails attend no
though the amount of people who have
done this sour drink after you Wow
trending one okay guys okay all right
now let's go back your eyes what oh no
no YouTube's going back and check out my
hair cat more it is more than my biggest
video well you're not exhibition so we
haven't even hit remilia it's not the
same girl age is not the same my
channels on decline relative is over -
link in the description virtual 300
alright guys we just got to the mall oh
I need the thing I came to the mall for
which is uh headphones that I'm
returning
if I can find them in here oh so I got
the both headset I don't have a receipt
so everyone preper means there's a car
alarm going off it's super annoying
smash alike when hopefully they give me
a court because they're saying it's
literally only so both poor works with
the both had said very specifics not
just any off court ra7 I feel I'm
accustomed to these cars you know those
ones I was just in LA we got the kid
game strong Jeezy more deeper easy and
the Gucci so a mission impossible
let's see how fast you can get in and
out of this one cause business
nope it is somewhat no you say business
is booming no no no Ashley yes in my
acting class David T usually we do some
funny scene from what - David goes like
oh shit this will do when we get back at
is business so we always like to check
in how it's doing but apparently there
is some much going on
my ex is not actually in there so we're
both first and then go alright guys so I
think we are going to fix this cable the
cables oh we decided the cables oh if
the headset is good though so it's only
a matter of time we're going to get a
new cable and Arion think I needed the
receipt because I got it from this
location so for coughing that and that's
basically the only thing I might too
small for and that's what we haven't
been spotted yet dryness waves almost
got spotted
David got called a few times okay no
we're getting swatted really try is
watch the damn videos in the store that
you're in lincoln description reach out
now let's go long long long moment the
blue cable not the blue cable it's the
only cable we could get right now i mean
if it works it works it is not swaggy
business effectiveness I'll take it the
other night
we're here we're good we're good Ron no
no no no no no no no
is it Jack and Jones guys Jack and Jill
first it was the off layer of off not
Jackie Jones it did it but now Jack and
Jones is here with the Gucci ripoff is
it the same one unstressed guys when
you're in a relationship one of the life
hacks you need to know is you don't buy
anything without your girlfriend's
consent so every time I go shopping got
to do this
FaceTime SG I calculate she went hot
I found a jean jacket let's see what she
thinks please or she's caught what the
hell how she facetiming me I'm
facetiming her hello yo what do you
think about this jean jacket I'm using
the camera as a tripod this is ghetto
gold can you guys still see me I hope
you can I can't see usually pointed out
a mirror and sure enough can you see it
this is what precious gold is it nice
I was just well you don't hear say that
often 90% of the times she says I hate
it don't get it but she said I like it
get it Ellie changed us she she all
right now Ryan needs his approval
oh and David's going off if she liked
this girl approval nope you like the one
David doing Reebok
that has Reebok go ahead all right guys
we're verified saw Ryan found one of
those Travis got like long arm keys rope
I've never I've always wanted to end on
the ones that just you let Hank you're
not you're not shattered Scottie
well how would you go to sales I can you
let Ryan shop around quality basketball
shopping head back my basketball
shopping with the boys the new helis has
a nice that will going to have a nice
backup on it so only the Primus or balls
can be used how much is that under 610
money but Stephanie Potter about oh no
wait mighty good job
yeah Ryan literally said we need to go
to the mall we need to get the best
basketball things you can't be playing
around anymore right outta my ballgame I
get the official table how is it 75
beans I know why are they not 30 b-17s
get a woman's box like a dunk like a mod
Grover from our labor oh I mean so we
got the most expensive basketball of
course I'm the best one succession
most expensive basmala so did Dave how's
business
so I don't know if you guys have ever
heard of double rims but Ryan's going to
attempt the impossible and his next few
vlog so stay looking out for that Ryan
explain what the deal is
hi guys so this for my non basketball
fans is called a double rim as you can
see it's a very thick it's way more
thicker than an actual rim so what I'm
trying to do is apply a regular rim like
an NBA rim with mesh and take this off
so we came to see big pictures to see
what the screws are saying in the back
we wanted to see what the front was
saying to see if it's possible to take
it off like I'm sure with a wrench or
some shit you can do it pretty easily
but because Ryan's a basketball guy and
all his videos are like friggin about
basketball if he has the bad rim it's
actually harder to score it does the
effect it does effect the shot it makes
a shot like bounce off the rim so this
guy is attempting some next equation in
his video he was looking into calling
like the mayor of like this area of
business and if you councilmen gonna
figure that out though in the next week
of like vlogs or whatever if you see
this net like not this shit's over net
with an actual net and mesh in it then
you know Ryan's made a change but I'll
do you guys what Ryan's doing but make a
shot for them to sit to hit the like
button first shot oh there's that for
wolfram or protiens dollars per audience
as protiens oh we talked about this all
your tumble Herodians all right wolf
okay half-court shot oh oh hit that like
one that was disgusting I respect that
it's not how do you other guys but you
know it is heavy weather the new Wolfie
rock savage hoodies Mershon description
link of the bio go go get it it's really
hot though we should not be playing ball
like this coming pants hey bring stuff
in doing okay let's go okay joking a
little punctuation
Ryan again TRP Fonzie director he's
checking Chinese Mike
yeah hope you're a comp Ellijay hockey I
bet the here going off for an eternity
all right everything we'll just in case
come on bro thanks well why don't you
kind of hit you with a pole and a half
yeah bro what'd you do you know can we
all agree this is walking dreaded blue
block all my little green I'm filming
bro I woulda never sprayed cameras I see
is everybody not on there is army yo
Comi wait ah it's going to be important
regarding there we expose pieces pet
deer elbow - thank you ok guys we just
finished filming a video for David
channel you need to see this vid because
honestly the most cringe game of all
time I'll literally give you one example
of like we had to read stops like
exposing like who makes the worst videos
look at this one
initials of a girl who made you bless
the fastest I'm just going to let your
mind wander with that one because that's
absolutely insane but it's basically
exposing as many people as possible it's
going to be on david's channel and
probably a few days but thank God we
didn't get into a fight right and almost
fought I almost said your channel is the
worst available period of life but it's
over so thank you I through Davison for
the support you watch the video to find
out what yeah yeah you gotta get thrown
under and the game is absolutely montes
guys alright guys so basically it's
accordingly an outside right now we're
about to go bald usually I would be
depressed but I want to make the most of
the rain so I'm going to do like this
trivia game I don't know if you guys you
probably haven't seen because it's an
old movie back in the day when I was 17
Cobb you got served and just one season
it there I'll play it right now
with
there's one few specific where the guy's
brother dies in the movie and then the
guy like practices dancing in the rain
another few dance moves so on FaceTime
deejay cuz I know GJ is like heavy movie
fan and let's see if he gets it right
let's see if he answers - did you answer
yeah no GJ quick trivia question what
movie is it from what what movies you
newsroom ah yeah take it away by my you
know you got it no Ronnie way you're on
it for the vlog for the vlogs
no no use like yo maybe he's asking you
Betty Betty would go Thank You Derrick
no I knew deviatoric I'll go first
two seconds yeah oh yeah yeah oh you
guys can you let me give DJ look close
to it all right
you dig another Oh although Venus - it's
not all in another word is going to it
but all these coming from us okay we got
it
okay Wolfram so I'm a little scared
right now I'm in the boys new basement
and basically it is dark AF downstairs
right now you're wondering why I'm
walking in the dark well it's because it
is 3:00 a.m. right now and I don't know
if you guys are familiar I don't know if
you guys are familiar with the trend but
there's this huge 3 a.m. trend on
YouTube shout out to my boy rage elixir
I saw this guy do a freaking time ago so
I've got to fill up to rage but
basically with this challenge you're
supposed to do certain things at 3:00
a.m. or you're not supposed to do
certain things at 3:00 a.m. and me I am
somebody who has been scared of the dark
for time I don't like the dark
I don't like walking down in basements
alone I don't like doing any of that
crazy stuff so I'm kind of shipped to do
this but we are going to be calling Siri
or talking to Siri at 3:00 a.m. so smash
the like button please to keep me alive
every link of this video is a good luck
so the Siri doesn't come and haunt me
after this I saw a shadow back there I'm
already kind of shook I'm not doing this
alone I'm doing it with David Ryan
whoever decides
roll back in the room but it is very
late these guys said they would do it
with me here's one of the rooms and I
was thinking of doing it in I'll turn on
the light this one is under the
staircase and it has a writing on the
wall it's kind of scary here or or
there's one other room in the house
which is right over here and this room
is hold on I'll get a flashlight for you
guys this room's kind of creepy a bit
David Christmas Oh Oh joking - this room
is like the workout room this one's a
little more creepy I only have a
trampoline in there but without further
ado let's make you do it a do specialize
by miracle for experience here right
you're Ryan yeah get job the more the
better
literally no one creeps in this house
everybody is getting scared okay but my
camera looks scary as hell the shadow
who's my flashlight
well right there hey here we go
enter the room active that's scary
that's scary
guys we should the opportunity Oh David
just said there's a little girl over in
that corner and now they're gonna show
ya like I'm gonna stay you don't like
things that you got behind your friends
because you let them get ahead well sure
okay you'll get out with take you
serious that's where you're scared of
the dark dog filled in toothpicks not
believe me hope you're taking pics out
here like Rosanna
okay here we go so the first thing what
should we ask for you to start a
alcoholic are you there and pump shit
all right there goes first Serie B not C
not
no no no I was a guy Siriano hold it I
have to turn the girl too young but I
feel like guys do you know scary
no like literally broad had the guy Siri
on for time he's just your boy white boy
at this point but I got to change him
hey Siri can you hear me
you're coming for another clear Oh what
is that down over there yeah you too
what should I put this bird like what do
I say like if you know how she's feeling
I know do you believe in ghosts what oh
you're right but I can assure you no
here Angie do you believe in ghosts
see do you believe in ghosts i10 she
loved deeply motivation nearly 1 good
walk that wall right you are you go yo
yo yo yo the door not moving
what the hell's going on no no no one
the code weird right
right they're doing
come on we gotta find Ryan weird right
Luzi what the hell is in the story
to get dark what is it again okay
stringing me say again is this house
haunting you
it's just probable haunted house oh man
hey is that good a robot for business
comfortable sweater
meeting young reviews video wise there
we go really oh shit action he goes uh
what do I ask next
oh you'll see you want to take black
okay no let's even ask the question do
ask a question period where you live it
is not like me what you want
no no no no no no radio app not cool Who
am I well we're not if you want to catch
a bubble pon the madam don't go after
him again ask again who are UNCA Lou
no no yeah what why did you say no is
she over there oh he's the first guy
selling rice drying up is that's why a
Toronto man Nolan Ryan phone Duran phone
no this one okay after you
what do you mean Siri what do you mean
then we know jump out in your dance jump
outta here a few more questions whenever
credit or credit a cos definitely don't
with pink blast okay Dave asked what
would Siri talking about what are you
talking about you you shouldn't be here
other place you could okay we should be
here oh yeah yeah bro cut cut cut cut
you know the boy Aquabus you should not
say nothin bro you're drunk okay ask
Siri give us real we should probably cut
oh yeah we're gonna ask a few more
questions
accurate and she's like you're asking
after she's okay
I said I've hacked your series okay yeah
I'm you know why not say say what are
you talking about real you what are you
talking about we've been he did agree
hey
tell me what's going on oh no you didn't
know you didn't wherever I go check go
check over there oh boy you're not
scared
no you're cool bro you want to go yeah
you go I know what I'm sort of them like
real life Kim's you light you got to go
with tomorrow
is there anything over there yeah I cut
it to work receiver - echo Siri where
the shadows are they in this room shadow
is coming point no no they've got no I
don't have much less of you guys much
liquid I do not like theory I do not
like code I would ask for a cure where
they every day after she's gone it will
come Tom come talk to my baby no baby
where are the shadows what the but no
but no no no we're not where is it I
wonder what's in the corner behind you
bro what is it what is it what is that
what is okay with me John it's a
suitcase I'm pretty sure you don't you
like that yeah telomer okay okay okay
the yo-yo for sorry B you're trying to
cut right
yes sirree are we safe what can we do to
leave okay Siri are we face what can you
release took us okay so your house
exactly I'm going out little girl good
girl
alright for me yo yo yo yo cool cool
no we gotta get don't call beauty three
weirdoes see okay so you guys here you
here first I don't know what happened I
don't know what ghosts are period I
don't know what's going on outside right
so dark
okay I don't know why there's so much
echo here but we are done I'm ending the
vlog off there if you enjoyed please
make sure to go down and smash that like
button if you ever want me to do
anything else 2 3 and comment down below
what you want me to do and please hit
that like button because I need all the
motivation I can get this is oh but I
love you guys so much thank you for
staying with me to the end of the vlog
link in the description merge link multi
wrath calm go coughs um right now it's
lit and I will see you guys soon I'm all
over where we think a little bit more
separation my main channel and has all
this I go cool
