pay close attention to the fight bro his
right hooks right welcome back to more
Wolfie what is up guys I'm having a good
day today
I woke up a little late but yo I'm on my
way finally to go get my hairy twisted
because I know you guys have been
struggling to like look at me because of
how ugly my damn head has gotten it's
nap City over here no Rack City but yo
before we begin the vlog I want you guys
to go down right now and smash the like
button with your elbow let's hit 35,000
like five seconds four seconds three
seconds two seconds one second boom I
hope you hit it with your elbow elbow is
like disgusting I got like a friggin
ashy elbow anyways not only am I getting
my hair re twisted hopefully they can do
it right because I haven't got it done
from here yet but I'm guessing they
could do it because it costs a lot so
I'm assuming they can do it but also
Sylvia is back which means I'm gonna go
see Sylvia and Prince apparently prince
was freaking out this morning that
Sylvia landed back from Utah so I'm
excited jeez guys are having an amazing
day you guys already know the deal it's
beautiful outside you guys should be
happy I don't know if it's beautiful
outside well yeah if you're in Canada
you're out because it means there's mad
snow but you're still chillin because
you can go fuckin snowboarding and
skiing and tobogganing and ice skating
so everyone should be having a blast day
guys this car I've only had it for one
day and it already feels like it's gonna
fall apart
I mean I'm stressed you got I need my
car back also it is so friggin hot and
the a/c is so Dookie in this car your
boy is literally sweating I just left
the house and I'm sweating my damn head
off
geez Ryan is hate school car
alright guys so I just finished up with
the hair place my head is like roasting
the girl Loki forgot about me under the
dryer and my hair is on fire but yo
it looks lit but can curls are redone
time to go see Sylvia I don't know why
everywhere in LA has valet parking
literally seven dollar parking for a car
that's right here
oh well it's look it's good boy
guys prints literally just stopped
coddling oh no he's still cuddling on me
but this guy legally I was a lonely
puppy he's good to see his dad hey
Prince give me kiss good mean good why
you're so camera shy he's camera shy
he's camera shy
you miss will see you should bring a mic
soon guys I think I'm gonna tell my mom
to come down late and bring Wolfie jr.
immediately cuz I need him here and
Prince needs his brother alright so guys
just spend some time with Sylvia good to
see her again holy I missed her we're
probably gonna go see a movie later
tonight but right now literally she's
uploading a vlog when you're dating a
youtuber it's like non-stop guys so
she's like making a thumbnail working it
off as soon as she came back from the
trip this girls grinding more but you
know I have not eaten yet and Sylvia
just ate so she's not gonna come because
she's got a work but yo this is the no
your friend challenge we're gonna see
where Ryan is right now I'm calling it
right now the past three days this guy's
eating Chipotle so let's see where he is
I'm gonna call that he's at Chipotle
let's see
all righty curved me so I gotta call him
Ryan Ryan right never wasting an ounce
of data watch he's gonna answer this oh
well he's actually facetiming back
whoa yo where are you your job yeah
where are you where are you support Li
yeah yeah how long are you there for me
how long you there for okay up cowards
peace guys I call this pulling up to
Chipotle I already see no whip these
hold up and please tell me this party
bear right told them you're not eating
Chipotle anymore huh I told them again I
don't know what to do I want to see the
new Maze Runner Maze Runner three but yo
look at the ratings on Rotten Tomatoes
43 I don't care about because these are
the critics they go harsh but 75 on the
audience score and usually like I've
fought filthy about this I don't go to
see movies that are below 80 on the
audience score cuz usually like they
have the similar taste in movies cuz I'm
one of those people that literally needs
to see a review on the movie before I go
see it because I don't care to go watch
movies like that but yo I remember
watching the old Maze Runner and I
remember it was lit but I just watch the
trailer and they're not even in the maze
anymore so now it's just called Runner
oh my god I'm getting a call
so I don't know what to do I don't know
if I should watch it I don't know I
don't know yeah Oh lay guys it's looking
like it's gonna be a hot tub dates last
night because it's not even day anymore
the past two weeks of the friggin cloud
house have been super late because the
pool has been hot all day and the hot
tub I pointed the wrong things but the
pool has been on all day
hot tubs an extra hot all day this is so
weird though like I can see the
neighbor's house I've never been able to
see the neighbor's house at all because
this panel has been like blocking for
privacy since I got here months ago but
you know this is so trippy I feel like
the world spying on me right now for you
we're about to go in the pool ah let's
do pull Q&A welcome back to hot tub q
and A's alofi
I can't go into the water because my
hair will mess up but yo today's Q&A is
gonna be different because I'm gonna be
answering a bunch of questions that all
the new Wolfram who have been coming
into the vlogs the past couple of weeks
past couple of months our mad confused
about oh my god I'm so brave bringing
things so bright a few of the questions
that everyone keeps asking are certain
things okay give this to the back flip
in the pool
what is your old mean what is taking
mean what is like paillards mean you
guys want to know okay
the questions have been asked a thousand
times thousands of times like people are
literally curious at every friggin vlog
and honestly the only answer I can give
you about this subject is that like Pele
ya know acuity if you know you know if
you don't know you don't know you better
figure it out like today ah geez look at
all the people posting the wolf emerges
oh my god yo guys I'm literally liking
every pic if you post a pic with the
wolfy March you're already normal
DoubleTap it right now two quick updates
about the merch basically what I'm gonna
be doing from now on and I think I said
it in yesterday's vlog is if you post
any pic with my merch my second
Instagram page at Wolfie raps is gonna
be like now my merch page so all I want
to do on that one is post cool pics but
I want to post pics of you guys so if
you want to get on that page and get
some clout and a tag whatever you want
just make sure when you're rocking the
Wolfie merch the savage hoodies the hats
whatever you got to tag Wolfie merch
hashtag wolf emerge on Instagram and I
will push you on that page it's real
simple also one other thing about the
merch for the next 48 hours if you post
a pic with my merch on it and you post
it with the hashtag Wolfie merch and you
tagged me on Instagram or are you posted
on Twitter you're gonna enter into a
signed merch giveaway so you have 48
hours to go post a pic rock the merch
take a wavy pic make a funny caption
that will make me laugh I mean you guys
know my humor and then that's it you're
entered into the contest I'm gonna post
you on the page and it's gonna be lit
and I'm gonna sign it myself
okay whoa so yeah go do that right now
oh yeah very quickly if you posted a pic
on your Instagram and you tagged me you
deserve the W of the day you guys got
the W hold that you didn't post it you
got to help I have to continue doing
some adulting so I'll be back in a bit I
got a search for houses because Silvia
and me are still looking for a house
that we can bring the dogs up and
and yeah sorry back a bit no no no no
here we go there's the case I versus Joe
well our fight been waiting so long for
this case I looks ready Joe looks ready
Joe look stay in the fucking zone
holy hell I just woke up so excuse my
eyes being like fully clothed but I've
been waiting for this fight for like
months and finally the day is here I'm
at Sylvia's drinking my coffee it's
early in the morning for me but over in
the UK it's a completely different time
this atmosphere is modern one and yo
there's over 600,000 people watching
this fight live right now mad things
happening in the chat I'm ready this is
so emotional right now that is holy hell
she's insane oh these guys got DS for
this guys right now me and Silvio
driving to a house viewing and I gotta
watch the fight on my phone I can't miss
this fight i'm terrible.i remembering
dates oh I completely forgot the fight
was on today I woke up this morning
realize the time difference inside and
stressing out so now I'm watching the
fight
on road this is real I'm wasted battle
for this I'm not wasted I'm down to was
me struggling to watch the fight well
the guy was trying to show us houses but
kansai one case I won I can't even lie I
had my money on Joe Weller I wanted to
see Joe well Irwin I knew chaos I liked
I mean we saw a music video this guy got
DS for the fight he was definitely
putting his all into the training both
of them did though but it was still
honestly a good fight it lasted what
like three rounds or something like that
which is pretty dope it was good to see
just youtubers boxing I'm like I have to
step in the ringer for a one two jab I
don't know but yo if somebody wants to
scrap me
I know Cass I said that he would be open
to fighting anyone he said anyone can
grab the belt so I mean I mean I might
have to take up a likkle one to training
because I mean you got the black power
but you're low-key got that
light-skinned job in my fucking hook so
I might have to step in the ring who
knows if I did step in the ring it would
be good motivation for me to just get DS
so I mean
losing but yo shirt to can sign for
winning shut up - friggin Joel Weller
for stepping in the ring and fighting
his heart off now we are going to go see
the next house of the day I can actually
focus on this house now literally I
couldn't focus on the house at all I can
holding my phone and like the connection
was going in and out so it was kind of
stressful but now my eyes are on the
houses show them what the life hack that
I did today cuz I woke up late alright
guys so I just gave you guys like a
quick kind of tour of one of the houses
we just viewed we viewed three today we
have one more that we're heading to
right now I'm gonna get a little bit of
footage from that one as well I
completely forgot to look at the first
two because the first time I was looking
at the fight second where I didn't bring
my vlog camera in but I'm a friggin
daily vlogger I should be bringing it
everywhere I go so we're gonna have a
look at the third one but the one that
we just viewed was friggin nice and
low-key like this is probably gonna
sound crazier than it actually was it
had an elevator in it it was a couple of
floors it was like four floors just like
the cloud house so I don't know guys I
think I might be officially moving out
of the cloud house but I still have a
room in the clown house but I like to
have sleep with the car I was half
sleeping this house so I may have just
found my new la home which is pretty big
because I sorry I just found my auto
home long ago - this is the second house
not too bad look a bit better than the
first one this is the main living and
dining area nice and spacious a little
bit better than the other one so this is
definitely an improvement but yo let's
go take a look at the pool oh my god
this pool is ridiculous
this view is a mod ting G's cloaking
upgrade oh my god what the fuck it's
like I still love the clubhouse I can't
move out of the clubhouse well you know
this is insane let's go have a look at
the master bedroom not bad not bad not
bad not bad nice space beautiful
beautiful take a little quick tour
through the rest of the house
alright this always blessed this hallway
is blessed look at the view guys we got
a view over the Hollywood Hills
yes so not bad not bad
this is definitely a contender in the
house shopping options alright guys so
this is how ksi won the match it's
officially decided look at this
pay close attention to the fight
obviously congrats to both of them but
you know this guy has some vicious right
hooks these friggin ray hooks are mud
mud ko so if we actually hold on we're
gonna skip ahead if you guys want to
watch this on your own screen this is
gonna be around three minutes and 24
seconds right before the TKO or not a
TKO to knock out and watch the right
watch the right hooks come in all the
dodges you know this guy was on point
the whole fight where yo this is where
it gets really bad even though Joe
Weller had the cardio this guy's face is
getting pummeled right right right
Jesus right oh my god and this is where
Joe Weller starts to like Jesus Christ
guys I know I didn't get my live
reaction because I was house hunting but
this was me like house hunting and then
watching it on my phone so wait for this
bird
okay side is literally pissed you can
see it in his eyes and Joe Heller is so
out of it and then this is where he
comes back hands on the rights with the
let's and this is where it's like
there's no defending going on the fights
over
he gives the ref even gives Joe Weller
some time counts him down but as soon as
this part comes up everyone's like oh
shit and then right here the right was
the end of the fight ksi wins it was all
the right hand guys I'm stressed my old
banks boo yo Congrats again to ksi
well-deserved victory insane fights I
cannot wait for the demolition derby and
maybe a boxing match and my upcoming
future but I'm gonna win the demolition
so you don't have your license yo Gabe
did you watch the fight Bryce where the
fight was rigged did you see did you see
can't sighs right hooks throw his right
hooks I don't know if he was putting no
listen I don't know if he was putting
weight in his in his right glove or
something when he was punching what is
punching Joe whether they were hitting
him to her kit yo TR did you see the
fight he's right hook rings his right it
was rigged it was no I had was a
stranger he didn't work out that hurt
the proof is just there wrong the proof
if you look right here it was somewhere
around there ya can obviously
it was rigged bro get ksi to have the
weight tested glove he wouldn't do it
that's right I'm just joking guys the
fight wasn't rigged but chaos is fucking
beast guys so kherington is doing a
video tonight and she wants you to be in
it but basically she wants me to pick
out a bunch of weird object so why are
you in the don't be drinking beer on the
vlogs she wants wants me to pick some
objects to put in their mouth so I'm
obviously on some NIC this is for all
the guys on thicker your age why don't
you guys why are you how many candy M's
did you slide in this week how many like
I was kind of feeling a certain way so I
went double duty on you need this the
whole wood the double duty bros quit the
sliding in bro going fast pace I take a
fresh step on the dance there caught the
meme has a game guys Bob Ross he's a
meme he isn't me some respects not I
mean he's a real you mean yes I have
seen yo mo is out here doing some weird
guys like this is creepy for kids yo
what do you have such a dirty vision of
England what do you mean bro you're the
one who said dirty bro come on
can you cut it out Elmo was one of my
number one number
what's his best friend's name Bert and
Annie so you know whatever brand this is
shout out to them for diversifying and
putting the light skins in the ad good
help me lift this one okay yo relax with
your hand open your mouth close your
nose yeah yeah yeah oh you're done
you're done for yeah race home - all
right all three of us are lifting it
right
all right guys so that's the end of the
vlog I hope you enjoyed the vlog there's
a new house for me and still just coming
soon lit get ready yo don't forget to
hit the like button let's hit 35,000 and
I will see you guys soon on more wolf
where we stay a little bit more sours my
main channel and ask always Lego if your
don't be a no that's definitely know
what I want to say I love you guys
