current morning eh yo what's good
attaboy wolfy welcome back to another
episode of more wolfy guys right now we
are in the search in Toronto we got
dropped off here last night the plane
ride went well everything went well I
hope you guys are having an amazing day
go smash the like button
let's hit thirty five thousand likes on
this vlog for absolutely no reason but
today the plan is do a few things in
Toronto and then come back to my city
finally the city I'm not trying to be in
too much longer Ottawa Ontario you
already know this so today I'm with Ryan
baby and we actually have to do a bunch
of stuff today so right now we are on
our way we reserved some cars shoutout
Zipcar for hooking you boy up literally
you have no idea where we're going but
apparently there's supposed to be this
robotic car that we can get in and drive
around to pretty much just a day and
then bring it back like nothing ever
happened it's pretty dope especially for
last second scenarios like I always find
myself in so keep it where you need it
check out little whip guys this is lame
hi guys so check it out your boy is in
the nice little whip nice and friendly
we enter an attendance and quality time
together just enough space for us like
this gang is we literally only knew that
for the day so a zip-tie you can
literally reserve cars by the hour or by
the day so even if you want a car for
like two three hours baking for two
three hours bring it back to your Gucci
and with that gap and insurance are both
included we already know what it is your
boy wolfy only finds the most blessed
deals all condemn ership literally start
as low as seven dollars a month so I had
to find something this place to get you
know that anyone to get realistically
all you're looking for is the hours that
you reserve the SIM card for so 7 bucks
is lightweight and you can also choose
from like any whip luxury vehicles truck
van SUV is hybrids whatever you want you
could find and reserve a Zipcar for it
but because me and Ryan are really in a
hurry today we're in Toronto we clicked
on the first car we found and got it
right away because we don't have time to
waste we gotta get back to Ottawa so if
ever in we have a little vehicle pretty
much zip ties can be found at like all
major cities throughout the US and North
America so again huge shout out to
Zipcar for hosting you boy I need all of
my wool tram to go down in the link in
the description check them out and when
you find out you get $25 and free drive
panda you can be driving which like this
you know I mean obviously one of the
first stops and only stops that we
really care about on this trip
I love you do not miss me too much we're
just going down the road first I'm
leaving my zip tie I don't know subtle
oh she's gonna be fine
we'll bring you back a booster juice
okay guys it is true for this but burn
it up I don't know why so if you are
awake right now I just need my smoothie
to start the day if I don't have my
smoothie the day is very hard to start
it's like my caffeine and look at it
blending out right there
oh my gotta let the car soak up some of
this Fiegel yep no problem
oh yeah so we have a few other places to
go but we have to be super quick because
Ryan is actually moving today it's a big
day for the whole engine yeah I will
mention I'm a host coming up 20 2017 so
we really have to get back to Ottawa
immediately so I'm gonna give you a dope
montage that I filmed in yesterday as
well you guys can like pretend that you
never watch while I Drive back but I
will see you guys when I get back on
well let's get it
okay so we just go back to Ottawa we are
now in the city it's friggin sweet
weather right here usually I vlog that
it's really bad weather but honestly
it's summer summer summer
let's try Bolton says in high school
musical I don't know he says well he's
better summer but it is summer and it's
a hot day and I don't know if you guys
have noticed right now but your boy is
rocking some swag because put it this
way I look at my head and I don't know
if you saw the black hoodie that I was
wearing earlier but they're wavy and
they might be like a customer's coming
very bit extremely soon get ready for
the merge we're just dropping Richard
here now so I'm gonna go pick up this
bucket so Ryan can move issues to my mom
from time we're going on how long has no
clue I'm coming here but I just gotta
walk in the house that you own the place
sorry in the doorbell haven't see my mom
guys three weeks literally I'm an adult
now 17 year old I'll open the door ah
good to see you
quiet what my afternoon hands look good
guys guys were here you already notice
all of my birthday presents are still
here I didn't get to bring them on the
lhr with me but it's going to be a crazy
next two weeks with all of these where's
my video supplies over here where's uh
here bucket tool I'm a big bucket moving
bucket I know you have them but here for
the bucket and the dull is there
anything else that came for me today
guys life hack if you live in an
apartment building or something like
that it's sometimes really annoying to
get your mail so if you ship it to your
mom's house if she lives in the same
city as you you get it all here yeah
it's pretty crazy there's one piece of
junk that I'm removing from your house
today the iPhone
these are officially being given away no
no no Chelsea the iPhones are finally
being given away guys I can mail them
out to you tomorrow right here and
they've been here for so long so I'll
take all these with me a massive be
stuck in the elbow speed you are go
outside how big you want to go time
you've used your fur you know I'm close
to them this is an emotional day guys
right sad date last day in the elbows I
don't even live here right got this I'm
going to get it alright I'm going to let
you out and then if you strike back and
went out to swat you with a fly swatter
the biggest bug ever grows biggest bug
attack you know you're going to kill it
with that if I I'll try and lift it up
and if it doesn't lift then come
sprinting with don't trip okay an attack
that attacked it though because I gave
you ten and now you're buzzing like a
hard bargain with us to tells out that
Israel all right so we're gonna have to
hit it with the microwave oven manual
rule number one open the Lord just going
to open now this one open all that is
the biggest bug I thirteen oh don't get
me angry because when you get the Navy
apparently when you kill them their
pheromones attract their other family
guys the camera doesn't do it justice oh
my god that is the biggest bugs I've
ever seen my favorite yeah tell me how
Sylvia just broke the FedEx door with
how many things we just had delivered
geez and I just had one box for me kids
or at the boys now they're doing a
little bit of a house tour the trying to
figure out who's going to be in what
room for pretty much the whole year but
me I'm more focused on my package and I
like the lighting in this house so a lot
better than the old cowboy house that
literally had like only good blessed
lighting from like one angle perfect
natural lighting and not even one light
on me I got this in the mail and I'm
pretty sure well I just saw this now but
it was my drone your boy is trying to up
his game so I got a little Journal and
Dustin got one too I bought it right
before I went to LA so it finally came
in as soon as I got back from LA this
world's smallest drone unboxing ever
this part oh my god
didn't wait in a good way how do you
know if I go away but right now I'm too
excited about anything to even care what
what color and even come to it on to a
16 gigabyte microSD card 16 gigabytes is
not holding anything especially on
footage yeah talk louder game room and
all I'm box my drone later yeah uh no
Park it to you villains oh not their
knives in this house for the night
convenient comes gold I'll hold it well
look I'll show you literally is Gaza if
they're they're seeing their rooms to
the first time this is a big day guys
huge upgrade on the house so
congratulations everyone comment down
below congratulations album did you show
them the health yet potential it's the
loudest album and I'm soul upgraded I'm
showing a Chevy on my channel so come
check you know means ice accumulate your
boy didn't he want to pay or the
surround sound in this house is dumb too
it's the whole throw pitches the drone
this is smaller than my nothing yellow
yeah my phone Sean had to throw and so
I'm gonna set it up probably bad guys
I'm going to do a full tour of the house
guys but check this out all I gotta say
is this house is made for me burners on
burners and it's biowulf honest and Ryan
shiny if you guys are in the DIY giant
kitchen me and Ryan are gonna go get
some healthy salad bowls because we're
le guys now we changed sweet green
officially change our diet legal is not
a fan of lol
so all the voices went back to the old
house to go grab supplies but I thought
what better way to connect oh wow this
is the first video in the onyx is the
first first video ever like anyone's
ever going to post in this and I don't
even live here voice oh wow
welcome to my new home ladies and gents
maybe cuz its depth this is also better
background the ceiling here is your
charge then my being like what you guys
usually eat
we're posted up on some next little
tripod without that friggin stove and
everything here but today yeah Ryan I
thought I don't like good because the
big videos that blew up on this channel
in the old house were like that if you
sing and it's rapidly challenges so
today we're doing a few episodes
yeah first of all kind of like these
guys
there is the big blank space hold but
it's lazy baby pose you gotta lock your
talk make sure you have a nice jaw line
and just stare deep into nothing some
might call it Duffy but I'm like cause
the sweet want to be like a face tag me
on Twitter I like all your tweets and
this is the sweetie last time we told
you to do this went to her my god Wolfie
Cindy's go to her in forever over every
every single prophet and I met this nice
young man and what I said that doesn't
matter because I just wanna have a great
conversation with her she's an amazing
she looks like she doesn't mean we're
not gonna wreck it even sit down with a
completely crazy baby pose the rule to
if you're oculus very simple no wrapping
no lip seem no mumbling no dancing no
dance like nothing like you have to
Stanley dislike people have to watch out
watch so this what I picked specifically
because it has drink on the front and if
your drink trans and you know I only
know the place no back to the site here
we go without further ado few happy news
someone has don't move yeah you have
your identity to protect I'm gonna death
idea to be honest but would way damage
you scramble pan handy goes man so I'm
kind of chat with you over now now it's
the is the dog I love for the towers a
teacup the Gucci hat on another base I
got the movie that and then everything
on and then that little close to the tip
if you can't man
yeah that'd be knows not how to us I'm
talking my arms flied out then kill any
part that you can borrow bit let your
shoulder move this whole sermon so lily
and Vivian 1/2 or 1/2 okay so we're
we're making up road now but cannot
dances like no one so how did you like a
1 to show the baddest don't even know to
come
yeah you know so you should know that I
begged ordered the other Hillary the
thread my drink this on the pop- okay
that word I beg okay I only beat Kevin
gate no one can beat me rejected our
okay with my opponent
I'm not happen if you guys are rapping
out on you like I want to die having
done who hat Ryan please I want you to
have a slide and listen Oh g-good super
guys you wanna do that so bad
oh if you see you outside very sorry
when I drop you seeing any minute
no not you know that I love you so much
so then after this I don't know anything
now
so they do it all sort of gentle to know
yeah he'll have to dance to it so I saw
the boys would come on like that oh oh
nothing that brownie on the island I
breathe the poop deck oh I don't care
for this I had their hapless to that car
but I'm still in the competition is none
thank you two or three Siberia two
strikes
I'm happy okay one more strike and I'm
out out out to anyone still with me if
you feel with me hit that like button I
know you got Imperator's that whole
disrespect but if you're always me to
hit that like button connector just show
Bobby's really really really
so you have mr. word that is open I get
it how did you watch it I never won yo I
just play dead food I knew it
unfortunately Joe trick number one
dancing song Bridget aqua say what today
he's coming to our city to perform like
a blue said the only guys but he has not
a song in 12 years health soccer grades
and happy years
shut up Eddie ko this is my high school
I will call upon you that's throw by
nothing well you can going to drugs
either when you look at the girl in the
club that you clearly do flip ya and it
is like it's like flirting at this point
kind of the drobik I can't look
oh you're old rug that ko we're gonna
hand the challenge right there because
they play one song that I've waited
twenty fifteen one more time part two is
supposed to be recent song for it to go
third point of it all visitor -
everything's all right past it ja alna
past it thank you guys is the first view
of the SkyDrive plays in the radio maybe
I'll give you a quick little kitchen to
earth on Firefox to the German box with
your window row look at big oh you know
he's like yeah will happen all right
let's go get healthy to speak of the
devil guys speak of the devil in Ottawa
raining like a mod mine I just talks
about how the weather was nice for one
day but pretty much the weather's OHS
now pouring green on the only thing that
can save me and right now is our salad
bowls and that's pretty much it solid
balls of coffee I'm moving out like oh
one sound boil down diamond sleep girls
moving boxes boys not doing anywhere
you're on you good you good you good
what is it you good yeah why yeah keep
moving r.i.p
r.i.p Ryan's room guys a lot of memories
in this room a lot of pranks in this
room Ryan how you kill good times is
your imaginal times okay we don't cry my
chest
give it okay my shadow realistically
reduce eyes for acting promotional this
house is the definition of capital o
capital v oh this room is old we're
moving feel like I'm moving I'm not
moving but yes we are moving I'm moving
soon oh they know I'm moving like where
the hell is in our lake right is
glistening bro you're sweating come one
month he's I'm doing a TV who was going
to be here soon they played themselves
by not getting some of the lift
everything for them he don't show my
channel
all right good go ahead please nobody I
would end the vlog up there guys because
I actually do have to help them move a
bit and I also have to edit as soon as
I've done so I hope you enjoyed the vlog
if you did you already know what it is
go down and smash that like button let
me know 35,000 like for no reason I'm
not helping I just have to say it so I
look cooler 35,000 lights for no reason
comment down below
congrat elbow because I will got new
hello Ryan
Ryan's a novel novel anymore took my
position just know guys you want to hear
for tomorrow's vlog or the next day's
blog woo merch is announcing very soon
huge surprise coming for you guys you
guys been begging for it so I'm dropping
out on your head top as well catfish
update coming soon Wanda wants it to
happen I think personal open mind
another girlfriend I might get a
girlfriend like a lot of life changes
are happening in the next couple months
I honestly think the catfish is a guy
we're just going to see what happens
anyways could Yolo that's how he live
and I'll update you guys in tomorrow
because I blog three watch every day so
I'll see you guys tomorrow where we say
a little bit more sauce on my channel
and so much
bro how do I get this off by
