good morning AOL control welcome back
tomorrow we're sending the automation
with another round of three green
literally it is so addicting Ryan got it
even still really got it today am Bongo
so we're locating healthier in LA than
we are back to not only because it's way
better off so naturally but for healthy
eating and diet wolfy
it will incur every life on this video
encourage me to eat better and better in
Venice and let's have 50,000 perhaps for
some reason I love you guys look you
boobs out what kind of salad you get for
me
hey will you didn't get this one go
today is a big day guys we finish eating
today guys is the city where Blanco shop
and Cox so that's not another vlog no
one's going to ask it became quiet but I
make something I got block it was like
happily and walk that's the challenge
don't buy probably God update you guys
not a game where it's you watch the vlog
here we go which way will Bongo go
think we're going our own way
that's the one yes she's just going to
check this different color this is the
one I think you've actually getting an
infection getting it you guys are seeing
this Wolfman is it a purchase strung you
along for way through hey yeah you got
it
congratulations the bongo ladies in a
time that efficiently get that or look
for that absolutely eight-year amount
eighteen well this is ridiculous what
Congrats well go join the club on the
next episode hopefully Ryan will buy a
boat someone all right he's not right
this illusions tripping me out this is
just a flat image Berber looks like it's
brushed in there look at this optical
illusions that will blow your mind
yeah wait no longer episodes your
episode two is already upon us
Brian please exposed Oh chill chill
chill
so we have this ongoing joke basically
like between us me and t-mobile and the
joke is like la changed us like
essentially we went to LA and then we
were like before people meet Bongo Ryan
and Silvia
we stayed longer so la is changing us
day by day so essentially we're just
trying to live a bougie life out here so
my dad wants me to call him right now
but I hadn't thrown the such in the
couch she slides because my dad hates it
when I spend money like he hates it when
I spend money so I'm gonna call him back
right now in FaceTime and Ryan's gonna
be like my assistant doing all the
talking for me I'm gonna have my shades
on and just see how annoyed my dad gets
on the phone ready okay here we go
where is my there's my glass okay that's
beyond ourselves nothing you need to be
told me to call you to get a reaction
hello mr. Rayner yes time to speak to
mr. mr. Rayner Wow texts in ten minutes
sorry we don't we're not scheduled for
that time of 10 minutes yeah we don't
have time for any of this this nonsense
eh make it snappy
hey really have been marvelous ten
minutes is way too long for mr. mr.
Rayner so mister even you may have to
reschedule an export connection today
massage okay we will call you back in
the in ten minutes if we have time if we
have time right we're still not sure
well when I see sure okay see all right
Gucci shades look after the make in my
head I wanna know from any of you guys
know this youtuber by the name of
Christopher London but I'll motor roses
because he has one move wrong you have
one move you put it through your legs
you jump back in your shoot you does it
every single time
look at this look at this look
Christopher London all day well and
plant and mr. good time so we're about
to call them out right now I'm a safe
time to dude and just yell at them for
two seconds and then hang up the phone
and just tell them that he has one move
just keep replaying the move show
diamonite that ball London oh can you
take the massage yoga if you do this
move one more think I'm broke
if you do this move one more time I'm
slapping you in the head James a
moveable idiot no cage it was rushed
into the sauce come on you need a little
one move well I tell that
only not knocking your one chick one
chick phony looking at it what are y'all
doing
there's a lots of us today watching you
Vidro a roasting you behind the seat but
now we're kicking it for the rest of the
day bro yeah West Hollywood little day
we'll be back it you're doing really - I
know Hannah Monica listen Wesley Hardin
what's going to be a heck of game but
I'm in like why am i low-key undercover
outfit the first thought when we get
here though is food because like it's
going to long to have editing and no
eating just took in because tomorrow's
fourth of July look at how busy is
absolutely packed packed to the max oh
my god no no no no saying we're not
getting food saying I could do a 360
no-scope
and hit any moving target at this point
so many people are here looks like World
War Z Canada date mixed with roller
coaster tycoon when you let it go to
park so it is tok tok holy o yes or at
least bubblegum share please there's
like a huge line
what goes towards the card you can use
it tomorrow
like a reservation for so yeah there's a
huge line outside and we didn't leave
him a huge line we gave 25b skip the
whole line and now we're in here and the
lady's wiping down our table right now
so money can buy anything alive attacks
be possible this is a Forrest Gump
lesson bubblegum let me open these menus
like what's going on with it oh I'm
sorry sir if this drink menu doesn't
settle down on your Ryan you ever we
mostly through surf-and-turf bubblegum
shrimpo slick haven't got my food yet
but the artichoke dip
I heard the girl which is my last time
she was like how do you feel like the
air I've gotta like like it yeah I
believe later for some lick me right for
the largest prize
Oh anywhere he goes again a new is a DIY
which I still cook you for so much y'all
Josie Oh Sylvia short midget fries just
send a single prize okay big thick rope
it's a real swinging of harmonica take
with it man alive I won't bite that's
really are you oh yeah well I hate me
this is like my biggest fear right now
oh my god you'll make it show come
through here hope I'll buy no question
Oh bye no he's up on oh yah yah yah
I can't move again getting the wolf is a
snake Sam hey mister name gets his name
wolfy good looking on my neck is it
actually Russia yeah I know what you
know right now this
and won't be wiggling daddy said let me
get it basing my biggest fears almost
died you look handsome now some thumbs
up gamers who should take say almost
died chasing my biggest fears look in
there the snake's name was Gucci is the
caption here okay somebody knows Ryan
please you know whoopee whoopee
no okay yeah like your Wolfie can you
get this I'm Silvia stop taking over to
snap get you over here Phil yeah what do
you say long is your H ha bro they know
God I I love audience I would do it Ryan
is aged at this view right now
literally like this guy plays GTA 24/7
he loves riding the waves on the Santa
Monica Pier Oz and look at this view bro
it looks like it looks like it's almost
out of some movie it's like a ferris
wheel is squat pic ferris wheel right
here this right here waves right here
into the dream comes over you look good
the plastique Zak Reiner's eat ha ha yes
Rory yes Rory Arena
ok ok so we're back from the beach beach
was fine we met a bunch of bands of the
beach we met some snakes at the beach
not not fans but actual real snakes
ah and we are back in the Airbnb and
I've been getting quite a lot of
requests to keep the series going on
which is a guess her age challenge you
don't know how it works basically
there's like a bunch of girls some guys
usually girls cuz usually girls look
older than they actually are and we ask
the guests to see if we can get their
age right so obviously I had to bring
Ryan's wave on the show the show
crucible the guys flex means sure about
it is really quick it happens and only
where's Lana
and I'll see the baby and I'm here but
even no no say no talking over slavery
in LA we wear the Gucci neck still this
lighting is crazy but anyways guys
you're going to do Gasper is a challenge
get my green shot coming down below my
age whatever you guys hold on Knesset
illegitimate can we make it on those
black hot melt with it my god so here
try a guy I'm not gonna hollows I'm not
here you come with us when we want
brothers like this make us will be in
those like an appreciation tweets oh oh
he just straight shot it okay a lot to
each other
let me hear my jawline a and let's get
us some light skin appreciation to do
drop ready I know you're ready to do
this all the time right lovely I don't
sell for the zoo later look here these
screws are the three two one poop all I
cared about shopping all the wool
several there's not guys watching us
like literally do it right hit blowy the
set he loves is a lot let's get
appreciation means boom which means I
just go off brothers like this
- so it's like that
okay you're done huh let's get into the
challenge I'm gonna whip it up right
here and here we go oh it's like a
already yeah something all you do okay
here's the first girl
starting off easy it says it's the site
even says let's start off easy easy when
you have in your hand
redundant I haven't done this one but
some of them are probably like repeats
because there's like bear like girls on
the internet that ignore the big
gorgeous glow she's 15 she's so gorgeous
immunity has nothing to lose age maybe
is so you went dater I would pull bone
have a nice conversation with a date
it's very subjective these days and we
don't know what I'm gonna to have a nice
conversation with there okay all of you
I thinking team I say 15 she has money
to club 26 to kick so 17 well that's
that's not bad
yeah right I'm against IBM yeah nice
cute your name it doesn't give you a
just a given name doesn't give you
earlier that no not doesn't your name
just because they know there's creepy
guys like you going to be safe
cool thank you yeah I would only this
give a nice conversation and watts long
beach all day okay next one Austin's
young she's young
this girl's 100% 14 why actually giving
duckface I was 14
okay 13 cos they 13 ready oh shit he got
40 yes what give you their like what
give you a lame um
the long skinny neck that's not really
developed yet well let's just shop
beside rinse oh yeah I feel exactly you
didn't have a simple in her life yeah
I'd look kind of giving away like the
here a baby face yeah and I come from a
guy out of a a long that reference it
was kind of like she got a sizable yes
you see where he got killer eyes next
one oh my god it says this one's a
little older alright say 18 18 of those
young girls that like maybe this one
trick one but I feel like she's like no
no
she's cute developed developed early
i'ma say 21 because of her highlight she
looks like she knows makeup what's that
girl's name was a girl named Angelina
Jolie not Chisholm look like Arnold
what's the guerrilla it's like the
definition of beauty Oh anyone any mind
that what's Beauty any of you guys you
guys you know what's my girls mean my
lima quit my mom's kind of sweet that's
probably love the girl bro what is my
girl my deal the frigging girl monkey
Brian oh so your nose 80 seconds like a
real girl that's like a celebrity oh I
was taking Adele for a second but it's
not Adele it's like Lord I don't know
her name I'm stressed okay let's limit
is making me cringe only got Anjali I
know her name is gonna let me not and
names on the tip of my tongue
anyway I put 18 what did you say 21 okay
love you
in nut world if she 50 now she's a good
photos well what 15 she's 15 I'm 14
homestretch mom you know obsessed how
old oh you're you're so good jumpy
you're like crumbs oh okay get it all
here's of 30 throw we're liking it that
way when you get I'm twenty-one for
those who don't know it's a good girl
this girl 15 we're all gorgeous Oh
what's her name I know I got nice in
here no just the Holly nor can the
name's whoopee - okay Sydney can use I
know her because it means Wolfie that's
why I don't know in order because be
gorgeous
kiala cheap I'd actually don't orange I
don't know original but he's not really
gorgeous
1730's go 17 if you by any chance
I think this on my skin appreciation
means and you want to leave me Wolfie
fit me hit me up at rank please but if
they up at will see just don't type in
Cindy just you probably see you over
there like who is this guy who's this
guy rise my name and I'm saying seven
Lola tanker 17 first right
she's a seventeen year
I Square Garden especially doesn't live
eighteen does the difference between
being 1617 which I am and then 18 it's
like 18 you look more like an adult 17
is like while we're in the mix 16 you're
like I'll be empty if you guys all went
a grind please in their last photo I'll
be so cool
she's 13 really I'm a complete 17 to
take whoopee everything whoopee oh and
then that family comments you see a car
like you can get there
ah next one is totally outside like an
animove she's like a mom to see 15 or 16
shipping 15 okay I'm just gonna click it
she's not - she's not 13 she's not 15 is
she 13 here
Alicia's not she I think majors more
don't you just turn 20 also we're good
so they really believe that yeah
so they I mean everyone's a little
one-year-old and then okay so then how
was the trip well you've got this one is
nicely motivation I'm gay or fear on
what the AC cake 14 okay okay Mack oh I
know he's 16 yep 17 ah next funny oh
she's like 13 14 yeah
horrible okay 12:35 in doggy
so tell Ellen that 7 I don't even know
doggy if I was like 6 okay through the
dog when I was oh she's like 16 I think
you're going so fast cause gonna say 40
okay well it's a chess 214 next one
fifteen seventeen or eighteen twenty-one
whoa first one that they're playing with
us it's throwing me off so we have like
three more to go
this one I'm actually going to analyze a
lot it says don't get frustrating she
looks young and go up the guys in the
background checking her but she might be
a little bit working about t12 v12
oh it's a little kid Oh 14 14 I will
Larry say no I'm going I'm going
813 15 8 or 12 411 8:12 jesus christ bro
this myself triptych miele grow this
check fixing me out Oh what's she from
didn't you like it actress super
familiar imma see I'm gonna save ya 1559
here she'll enjoy it looks like a rose
she really does look like a 15 year old
this girl looks like she could be
anywhere from 18 umm said 17 to Marley
no more let you come from the kids
bitches gotta breath I hate getting
things wrong in this game is like all
wrong on I'm going to say 18 K we have
to get it to one's left so we have to
get the last two eight I leave one of
our 18 18 chaos a 17 18 yes okay and the
last one of the challenge okay moment of
truth unbelievers and many other
challenges and if I do stand corrected
15 I'm gonna usually take ordinance you
should say 60 so what about yes sir 814
because it's a cycle but she had 15
because I remember I remember on my last
video it says 14 holding but we were
close enough so as you guys can tell you
can't trust anyone by the way they love
national flags cover because Ryan's out
here compensating everyone's 18 so
you're looking at these 15 year-old
beneath a yo there it could be a nice
girl amazing what Dewey has nothing to
do with it hey so if one of these girls
happens to watch this video will you
have to tell the honesty's that message
me on its kind
say I love your opinion on me because
the beauty is not beyond beauty you guys
have three personalities just from your
looks because you care about her you
can't give him one like one mug shot of
you three shot this crock Charlie out
and they--but sags and in this video I
am Surya Tamera's oh I'm good except
spam Whoopi Cindy just because here but
this guy I've never heard of gentle
chick who's another one I swear I
thought Instagram today yeah Jim Whoopi
I wish she say - what'd she do - what do
all these whoopee fuck your blood swish
my name bro but I just got out Whoopi
you from Jim Wolfie look at that Oh God
we're gonna end that challenge off right
there because Ryan keeps chopping
himself but subscribe to write three
lazy babyrage / more Wolfie yup more
will be a couple days lazy look online
Ryan
no I'm Wolfie link in description ran
channel youtube.com slash Ryan to a
sleazy babe and honestly shout out to
bundle for being a place in the
background youtube.com slash deeds
design now that we got - you can help
we're done we're done for the day we're
all guys getting tired in about 20
minutes
it will officially be fourth of July
before that's not my best of Ulysses saw
you was it you happy
guys we really care today on Canada Day
we weren't in Canada Day on July 1st no
we weren't in Canada on Canada Day so
where we're now American citizens we're
moving into the state's Cali boys for
life fourth of July comment down below
what we should do on 4th of July even
though you might not see it until the
fifth of July smash the like button if
you are American let's master like
button if you're Canadian as well as
smashing like button if you're Mexican
Spanish whatever you aren't because
master like whether Latino Filipino
Arabs you know smash the like button to
show you right guys just show your pride
by hitting on like what 35 I'm set
40,000 lights or right
Filipinos list is also comment down
below happy 4th of July because shout
out to all my Americans even though I am
Canadian guys I made it this line of log
comment Filipino so we know you're two
of them let's see we dispatch four
hundred we already did that all the
vlogs are over I was trying to get them
to do stuff okay bear with me for two
more seconds
I completely forgot to announce the
iPhone giveaway winners so drumroll
please there is going to be six winners
for this giveaway
we got the six iPhone sevens but do not
worry if you don't win this giveaway as
soon as I get back to Ottawa I'm copying
more iPhones car from whatever the wolf
am wants to win and I'm going to do
another giveaway right after because I
love giving back to the wolf am an
iPhone 7 is the least I could do for you
guys constantly coming back to my
channel and showing love hitting the
like button every video I post and
commenting good things in the comment
section down below every time I upload
so the least I can do is give back to
the wolf time just a little bit so the
winners are not in a specific order um
Jason Lopez never has that name it's a
dope name you are from LA where I am
right now so LA California you already
know what it is you are one of the
winners make sure guys if I say your
name right now because there's probably
gonna be a bunch of people with the same
name and in the same location just due
to the amount of friggin numbers of
people that enter the giveaway if you do
not receive an email from me it is not
you that one but if you got an email
from me you now have a few days to
respond with like all the shipping
details I'll give you like I'll give you
basically all the information I need so
just reply to that email and then you
should get your phone within like the
next week or two as soon as I get back
to Ottawa I can ship remote so check
your emails if you enter the giveaway
and tell your friends even if they're in
a fan but they answer the giveaway to up
your chances to check their emails
because I've had cases in the past where
people don't check their emails that I
have to give it to another wolf and
which to me is not bad because it's
still going to aloia wolf em but if you
don't even check your emails it's like I
know you didn't watch my shit so I want
to give it to the people who deserve it
so the second winner is Christopher
Lombard from Point Clare in Quebec
Canada so shout-out to you check your
email as well
next is Angelica Nicole from Sea
Texas shut up to you Angelica I love you
so much thank you for watching the
videos you won by subscribing to more
dustin's so so like John Moore Dustin
next winner is Kobe green from Urbana in
the state you already know what it is
Kobe is a dope-ass named Ryan likes Kobe
Ryan like Kobe Ryan likes Kobe I mean
they're gonna tell anyone they say curry
that's off that's hope you want by
subscribing to more wolfy so if you're
subscribe to me check your Damn emails
and last Dennett James Williams Wow I
swear every movie guys that's winning
right now James Williams you are from
Reed city so sheriff to you you won by
subscribing to the main channel so thank
you for joining the wolf Sam it's lit
let's get it and then the last winner is
intense music Q it right now
coming from Forest Park
what is GA stand for Georgia
unbelievable Georgia USA there's so many
people in Forest Park right now like
please please PLEASE as me as it means
that me and you won by subscribing to
just Dustin main channel so you
subscribe you just got the main channel
shout out to you now the person is
starts with a D so many people screams
because that Danny Lee my boy oh they
caught at friggin whatever gl4 using
game he'll shout out to your Danny
you're the last winner of an iPhone 7
like I said again guys be sure to check
your emails I'll tell you one more time
be sure be sure to check your emails I
even put the text on the screen because
the last thing I want is someone not
getting the prize because they responded
like a day late so be sure to check your
email but shout out to all the people
that entered it was absolutely insane
the amount of support and love that
everyone showed to the wolf em and to
Dustin as well
Dustin is not here right now but I'm
sure right now he's at home saying this
he's a soui god so he's happy voted to
and I say it again I'm buying more stuff
as soon as I go back to Ottawa and
they're going to be another giveaway
right away so be prepared for that
comment down below what you want on this
video for the next giveaway and now
see you again tomorrow who are we stay a
little bit more servers in my main
channel
