good morning a yoga teacher boy will be
welcome back to more wolfy we are out
here on a small cut off so come Pisa
shot people shot these are shot people
yes fun all right this is the best of
all you - yeah you're crisp on your area
not chatter the G we got the friggin
okay see he's not on the deal go Brooke
MVP okay let's go so we got Christopher
London here they're shooting a video I'm
just doing like trying to kicking it
kind of behind the scenes are about
300,000 likes and will do wonders
no actually realistic goal if you guys
hit 80,000 later now log I will
embarrass myself of Christopher London
channel 1v1 let clash alike okay right
now I don't play ball they know that so
in three hours
ah it's the light but please don't it
touch but it's going to be embarrassing
I don't play ball but these guys are
doing some trick shots whatever today's
going to be a lit up with some of your
favorite youtubers and it's a beautiful
day outside also today I'm extending how
long we're staying on the trip so it's
kind of like last second thinking we
don't even have an Airbnb for tomorrow
but let's see some of these shots right
you missed you you quit hit the next
shot but my voice is Oh hit the shot and
I'll give you my channel that's true for
the vlog bro hit the shot and you hit my
second channel shot I've done okay
you're old Oh on that note we'll be back
yeah I'm talking about clickbait falls
off you let out wolf am let's get it
guys love
Oh
Briony can dunk off the water ah gotcha
buddy
yes there's a cool mission with the wool
on the hip to date on laughing come on
Rudy that to me is about to go down in
t-minus ten minutes so as soon as we get
to the guy's house it's a big surprise
but comment down below whose house you
think I'm going to put it this way we
make pretty similar content he's done a
bunch of slime
he is very energetic in his videos and
he's not a legend so that's all the
heads you get comment down below and you
guys will see in a few minutes - loser -
all right guys if you do not know who
the youtuber I'm plowing with today is
hey and what is Roy its quad reduce the
DIY God we're doing some stuff on his
channel I'm not gonna show you but just
no link in the description and we're
filming a banner for my channel and
sneeze we're done it but it's business
time and there's too much guava juice
merch everywhere so I'm trying to like
keep my camera in one squats let's get
it they're getting funky boy
today it was me ha ha
all right guys first video film I just
put it this way I got water line on my
easy water hold on the off light water
mount on the necklace but was really
nice video welcome watermelon bro I want
the water bag warmer room next shot
Merlin video here already knows they
have way too much production here though
it's ridiculous we're doing some
exclusive shower cap challenge is going
to be on his channel here Bobby yeah oh
yeah
oh my god you guys have no idea how much
does one kitchen was three times in a
row tell me how the whole thing is
absolutely clean anyways we're about to
film ahead right now I'm going up walk
with me talk with me dance with me let's
get it
nothing I literally think everyone is on
the roof right now and I'm going to need
the roof
yeah all man's are on the roof right now
I can see them exposed guava juice
everyone's on the roof right now doctor
some a banger here talker guy got a
little softer guy what's our program you
talk to Rosa hey we almost uh no
actually no top you got it coming
we got top of foot Oh tacos are coming
yeah we got talking guys only gonna be
downstairs and make over again there's
actually real yeah like you guys have a
nurse in their house you have a nurse in
their house ah cool and look at the
views I cannot handle these guys I think
a minutes like this or that so when are
we getting unders what are we to the
secondary city of it as you went to to
werewolf be welcome back to another
challenge video today I got a very
special guest on the channel you guys
nor Gina is this viral your self popping
like you're more proper than me funny
okay but if you guys don't know she does
prank videos so what I thought we would
do today is I throw a little rainy go
prank video and the prank I'm going to
do is simple as hell she doesn't know
what it is you never heard of it he told
me like I've never done it and I was on
it I don't really understand how to say
Lord are you doing on jewelry I wanna
say I do know I can't do it so much but
I haven't done yes you wanted none okay
so basically we got a sharpie marker
very simple we're just going to take her
hand and we're gonna you want to chew it
yes okay no no it's not that bad
basically I'm gonna draw like a black
square and fill it in honor and I feel
that you got to fill it in because when
to take a picture on this is what it's
going to do it's going to shock you so
show the camera we got a black square on
earth that's all it is you can do square
circle whatever and essentially are you
going to do is take a picture of it
close of your iPhone with the flash on
I'm scared to do it all right because I
don't know what to expect so listen okay
so you make sure to turn the flash on
and it's going to shock you so I like
line up the camera with this here we go
ready yeah
here we go you didn't feel it you do it
everybody thought you might be some next
knew nothing top no no something might
be wrong if you will do it again
hold on I gotta press it nice and close
are you trying to break me now no I
didn't do it do I need to sprint right
now if you like heroes I think you know
really that ok well add more sharpie
marker Konami messing up I promise you
this is not a prank on you we're going
to be pranking people together today we
just got to make sure it's nice and
children grow is going to get bigger in
your are we gonna be tied up if this
doesn't work I don't know what's what's
wrong have some cake made you're welcome
through the cameras right here okay
there we go fully black screen touch it
on yeah you know what am i okay okay go
try on me I'm literally from let me try
to catch it could you said if we do it
before anywhere just do it on the top my
engine oh yeah it's my red it might be
and I got a lot of names here I I'm
trying different shape in case she's
trying to hurt on me right now because I
don't he said the squares here okay so
as long as the camera is like fully
black and you can't see anything else
there's the flash put the flash against
it and then take a photo with flash on
Hungary
wait to get drama you feel like a little
bit of electrocution like you were too
late now no because I was waiting for it
it's like it was do it do it again I
don't understand I promise you this is
the thing this is called the Sharpie
shock challenge I didn't feel that one
might be broken king essentially would
yeah we show you the difference if you
draw a big passion on let me do it big
pouch on you huge patch on Jeana if it
doesn't work yes you're a big freaking
thing on my art this is a Franklin to
the print guys it non-normative
what the goal is today is I want to
thank all the people that are in the
house but I wanted to work first so give
me your phone
yeah I flash on and oh yeah press it up
against you
nothing this laughs right
okay so she doesn't mean to it but
basically what we're going to do there's
a lot of people now she's the prank
queen I'm gonna call people in the room
one by one she's going to pretend that
she has to like where's you liked this
DIY it's like a DIY tattoo like a heart
detective yeah so basically when you
take a photo it can be cool hopefully
it's charged them because it's not
shocking on some pieces but just know
that it does work I'm not panicking you
I promise you so fast like button I will
leave a link to Gina channel in the
description subscribe to her because
today is going to be lit all right take
a seat
here's your seat here's what we're going
to do Gina will explain the rules and I
can I can draw anywhere right here okay
so I need to draw what shape would you
like what I better draw I'm going to
draw a shape on your arm somewhere okay
and you can have to change it's like a
DIY imagine a square if I if I fill it
in and I keep a photo of it it's gonna
look really cool also not like it looks
on your skin so what shape you want it
to be i right okay I'm gonna work it's
like Brooke I'll go where you just blew
up in the room are you running
oh I did it give me a circle circle okay
where's that place
Oh put it on the ground yeah yeah that's
a good circle oh my gosh
so the time so I'm going to just fill it
in and then I'll take a photo make sure
it's nice and open okay good good okay
she's going to take a picture and it's
going to look cool on the camera yeah go
secret close you can even use my phone
cuz my phone has the crazy flash
whatever no I think we got it on my
phone yeah tribal to try with this one
and make sure that it's all black and
then it turns red press would I forget
some iPad yeah touching him
oh yeah that's nice alright I'm telling
you you don't want to do it like a shock
wave don't tell anyone else in the house
they were doing it the only path easy
DIY DIY patches right you know thanks
for being on the show bro mr. garbagey
good yeah yeah I guess yeah DIY tattoos
quick a hammer in a tattoo you got a
clown here's the call number one message
at number two I told you I told you to
do it
call him in the room mr. DJ step into
our office
this is like some therapy Bob screaming
without their hey guys yeah we're doing
like a DIY magitek over there if you
draw a shape and the take a photo of it
it's like a cat get their job fescue on
your arm and you can choose the shape
what shape you are let's do what let's
see how nicely you can go a circle with
your perfect actor quality when I take a
photo of it it's going to look really
cool okay like so like it'll look like
if it'll look crazy on the camera way
different than day oh okay I mean I
trusting a camera is up she's got the
camera all right all right so you like
get ready for your mind to be blown yeah
a cyclic cyclic what do you mean where's
the pig you know take this go Gary
what oh that oh no it's getting really
hungry
yeah nah she messed it up yesterday
rested up she must die all comers
no no she messed it up ya have to get
press it up is not just a picture it's
just a picture
yes reveal what's the help grow across
here it's going to work it's gonna work
it's gonna work it's gonna way low-key
hurt it's not now she needs to draw more
in hey yeah what do you mean you're
tripping me up no no it's a DIY picture
that's it it's literally just a DRI
picture
iPhone Oh your thoughts on what is
happening but what happened like that's
like a like a needle like a prick yep
I'm sorry
it's how I shot no no yeah I teach it no
no yeah yeah yeah
you got break bro
yo yo hey don't go down don't tell
anyone else tell about yeah yeah when so
go tell tell someone to called Bri
picture those crazy pranks the simplest
prank just in my you're just a robot at
this point okay we got our one thing
I've never been trained by what is it
cycle 1 week Rob you're not gonna prank
me how much we got one more coming okay
welcome Bongo Charlie Charlie Charlie
literally hot here step into my office
I'm go ahead we're doing a DIY let me
close the door oh the doors closed I
mean like on Jimmy Fallon right now
yeah no hay Banda domain DIY Tex you
hack
tattoo huh yes I love my tattoos so I'm
not no I'm going to make a custom you're
gonna make me about he hates what you
like um let's go with a nice be okay
people there is actual shape a circle
I'm down for circle favorite I really
love me a pussy
alright I want to oval you know oh look
at that move that's a big old a mine
looks like a utilize service and not
perfect yeah okay so now you really
really need it gonna take a photo of it
Anantha yeah it's going to look going to
sharpen it out and on the camera it's
going to look dope so yeah you just have
to make sure it's nice and press super
black screen you see it I think you need
to do it one more time
no no my time all my time this should
have worked the first time maybe that
present was yeah push hard down on the
camera whenever you laughing you guys
know exactly what I'm saying
it's just I'm sure the chalk is this a
shot before I release my hand right now
gee yeah well here's someone else but
don't tell them oh we're doing a KA just
say we're doing a DIY I'm stressed henna
tattoo henna tattoos yeah so much Jenny
bruh I think it's Justin Syngenta here
attempt number 9 for sensible back in
the room could belong to those about
this one we're going to try and her
because a panel you're supposed to put
the flash up against it and not the
camera so this weight / tell me if you
feel this is hard okay so it's good Wow
yeah okay now I feel better about this
because I know what okay when are you
going to do okay
send the vapor to the rooms oh boy
okay we're trying on me just because I
don't know why were trying on me
hi how's it going baby daddy
oh shit into a half-ish oh yeah my hat
yeah we're we're doing slightly okay
why you have to do Joe Joe Joe so we're
going to get my hack with Matthew I need
to draw you have to draw a shape on your
on what shape is your like I think I've
got the nice square as possible now we
know these squares know that no anything
but a square it ought to look cool in
the picture I'm gonna play a little
circle and very small how about a heart
how are you sure Gina's really get a
good heart so what is bang-on art get
like a nice big heart play what are we
doing we're it's like laughs so the hack
is once I once they draw this tattoo on
you and I take a photo it looks so cool
on high if I take a picture yeah it's
going to enhance the customer really
closer no no no no not you have to take
a close-up just take a close-up photo
yeah yeah yeah I said I'm not in it just
to tattoo just to tattoo really why is
the phone so I what yeah
this is charging we're just charging
yeah like watch out coolest photo turns
out oh no no no no not you have to do it
again I think it's not enhanced yet I
don't think it's it has there this seems
like a really hard you have to be
precise you look really pretty after
that cannot be serious you think yeah
well it was big it was so beautiful
Hey concentrate okay we don't need you
anymore just care of the room is your
off wait and we need one more and I will
get them I'm going to get the last
person thanks for being thanks for being
is gross
yeah getting are you good okay show me
I'll get them orgasm
don't tell anyone last person I brought
today's special guests on the show
good sit down wait what this is Marlon
hi either so we're making DIY hat oh
heck - okay oh I must at you yeah I
don't know man maybe with you yeah look
at this protect you actually over there
that's not that but yeah I mean what you
kind of Shaffers you like hmm I like
like like squares or circles those are
pretty cool okay I'm gonna job make a
circle I am making a circle right there
then uh-huh yeah can fill it in deep my
own like in our hair strokes the
searches using right dope
and then we're using or you can shop you
because it's like permanent yeah yeah
exactly you want it to be permanent I
want to be I'm going on Teddy sister
Alexis is no no not yet go ahead and sit
down
yeah we're going to take a nice close-up
picture of it I'm good a picture and
it's going to look if you know dope run
again look what is this it's going to
enhance this good oh we're at 200 photos
Oh get the photos the red photo
all right we we don't we don't not do
any more on right
the Charlotte Cumberland forgetting to
throw right you are do it again okay I
mean is trees oh yeah yeah that's what
yeah okay now we repent down at ease
because definition me I don't know how
but it works put the camera on there
yeah hi
that's it thank you yeah thank you
that's what that do though we'll give
you one later give you a catcher that
DIY a henna tattoo almost like one right
here for 10 minutes for 10 minutes like
it oh yeah give him an eye team team
team okay oh thank you
oh no we're done I am PVC all right very
good couple
I hope you enjoyed that prank if you did
make sure to smash my leg one and also
not forget to check out Gina's channel
okay there's banners on there bangers
and I want all my wolf am too just so I
know you went to her Channel and
subscribe to our channel subscribe come
back here comment done and I'll show you
guys lo how do guys that that sounds
amazing thank you so much and thanks for
teaching me a new print that I didn't
know course thank you I didn't know then
I need to play clean energy okay so also
guys make sure to hit that like button
again let's go for like forty thousand
likes on this video comment down below
its let every day cuz let every day and
we will see you guys soon amo roofie
where we stay a little bit habit peace
here David so me and some next set up
here but look at it
infamous bathtub all of the bath
challenges were filming in this bathtub
oh my god like what really big house -
y'all still your woody here alright guys
so that was my crazy livin he just
finished shooting at garbages house my
arm is now stained blue from a bunch of
stuff
but just know the bangers are coming out
of maintain also Gina shout out to Gina
repeat this girl's a G she's super nice
he's doing something for my channel as
well with her so this is popping out
here what it's it's ridiculous
how much stuff goes into YouTube videos
that we never even knew of like
literally a turd organization everything
there is crazy and it just motivated me
to work harder and get myself more
organized so just just know I'm gonna
work my time for you guys okay char to
rush out to Milan Italy finally back at
my old stomping grounds guys today's
been a long day it was like longer than
I expected
oh shut up Hey Dude what hot stuff
keep the hot tub is it did we get a nice
jog along we're going in the hot tub
tonight
I just got it literally I have to get
organized oh no no no no no this when we
come home to guys I don't think there's
any water left in the hot tub because
someone left this shit on in this is
what it looks like right now this is
madness you know hot tubs oh the hot
tubs oh go go go bro so it's freezing
cold wait yeah and it's freezing cold
oh my god bang literally look at this
the glass is full the water glass is
full are you throw up oh well do that
again do that again hit it
one to test oh my god yo this is called
yo yo you still here you because I yo yo
Chad we're done watering the plant I've
done your are you a to the view are you
taking as you pick my eyes prized
blossom upon eyes are you staying in LA
done
yeah I'm not smash that like when we're
also in LA we're never going back to
Otto this is Ottawa peace you don't have
this view
like what the hell rally I'm honest now
so quick update on the vlog we are
outside right now back at the Airbnb
basically it's been like the past four
hours have been the most stressful time
ever because we're supposed to leave
back to Ottawa tomorrow but I decided to
extend my trip for basically another
week cuz I have a lot of stuff that I
need to get done while I'm out here in
LA and I don't want to go back and then
come back again so essentially I had to
figure out who was going to stay with me
Bongo is going to stay Ryan's gonna stay
in Sylvia is going to stay Bongo is
going to go back to Ottawa tomorrow and
then come back he's an absolute show
that the Bongo for staying we just
rebooked the flights but that took like
two hours because cards were working in
Suffolk was all over the map finally we
got a request for an area meet it was
supposed to be like an instant book but
for some reason the site was glitching
the internet in this house is honestly
the worst internet and that is the
reason why I've been posting my vlog so
late I get everything finished late and
then just when I think yo it's only
going to take like 20 minutes because
that's how long it takes to upload a
video at my house in Ottawa it takes
like two and a half hours from then and
then by the time I actually get it up in
like you know who is going to be awake
to watch this vlog so I'll just wait til
tomorrow so I apologize that I've been I
guess inactive on the vlogs even though
I've been trying to vlog as much things
as possible hopefully the next Airbnb
tomorrow has a better internet
connection I honestly think it's just
because we're in the Hills right now but
I'm going to end the vlog off there just
because we got to get filming done
tonight in this Airbnb before we leave
for the main channel so I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did you already
know make sure to go down and smack that
like button comment
pray to the Wi-Fi Lords because if we
pray to the Wi-Fi Lords then hopefully
the vlogs can come up earlier which I
know you guys like I see you guys in the
comment section be like Wolfie stop
uploading at 12 p.m.
I'm trying at 12:00 a.m. 12:00 a.m.
12:00 a.m. I know my hands at p.m. so
I'm trying so comment that down below
and I'll be liking all
comments and I will see you guys soon on
my ovary where we say a little bit more
established in my my channel and as
always stay Savage
