good good morning guys look at this view
that I wake up to literally not even
outside the hotel we wake up to the
frigging lobby of the hotel that's
probably mad youtubers in all these
rooms down there below me you feel me
look at the GZ is a cream white day you
already know what it is we're starting
the vlog super let's master like button
if you guys are excited for these la
VidCon vlogs it's probably gonna be a
bunch of youtubers I'm gonna bump into
you today but I have to start the day
off really early with some meetings
because you know it's all fun and games
but there is business involved so we're
doing that right now
Silvia is editing behind me on the bed
she's like grind mode heavy right now I
don't want I don't want to edit I don't
want to do any an hour and I just want
to meet people so the Oni will send my
bump into today and I hope you guys are
having a blast last day face average
remember that through all the situations
where you're feeling sad mad whatever
you already know what it is your boy
Wolfie is there with you in spirit and
we always say savage so that stuff
doesn't say that we're too cool for that
let's get the day started BAM goddamn
all that says back is looking dope okay
hey yo what's good is your boy will be
back with well I
tomorrow welcome back to more will be
see I have the energy that you have the
energy but you have way more energy I
might item one of them anyway can i redo
it go really was the most of another
super yeah no for sure in your main
channel videos as well as your crazy oh
what's your problem
oh here we go this is getting serious
okay bro hold everyone let's go
hey yo what's good it's your boy will be
welcome back to more will be I hope you
guys are having a fantastic day rocks
are like my mash that like button
we're gonna go for 200 sounds like in 24
hours can we do it whooping Kelly doing
one of those just intense yeah hold on
okay like okay okay be the dark nation
you already know what it is smack so I
like one short it doesn't like sir I
quit YouTube feed while you're getting
roasted I love you too fine your
hairline or I quit YouTube I'm selling a
GTR not like was anyways guys I'm back
here you already know we're at VidCon
rugrat is here so you guys know that
things are good and we're going we're
bobbing it right yeah for sure yo I
finally got to meet will be better
modulated thank you bro your unit
our very own Felicia yo come to the San
Diego whenever you're down you guys want
to see a Whoopi and rug collab hit the
like button John you want to like this
one you'll be in rut cool out right now
we also got phase new cars here but we
got all of se is here rice is there and
we are I think we're headed to VidCon in
like 10 20 minutes your first on you for
something no no again we're gonna get
long already guys it's a cognitive
VidCon you can't be ready to get on I
feel yeah this is I have to do a lot of
places joke to view the vlog but we're
going to pull up if your wolf am what do
you call your phone rug that okay yeah
it is the rug rats if your rug rats pull
up if you like phase adapt up guys raise
up it has a little muffler I do have
them up with a little effort did I need
of one yeah I do but like I leave
loggers are not prepared Rob no race
come say something funny for the camera
hey 21 mil you haven't seen this music
video right now check it out let's get
it we're out of GTR one more engine run
for the vlog okay she was pretty enough
we got we got a GPS phase it out nice is
absolutely chill with this GTR I leave
guys easy
let's go he's gonna scuff yo 200,000
likes I'll punch space banks in the head
through the window through the window
rug mobility roller for thrilling dude
are whoa deep on the back seat is bitch
it big enough no this is difficult so no
I should just autobiography yes alright
so let me give you guys a quick little
tour here huh we got refrigerators out
here we got a refrain refrigerator up
here to the stock talks I'm gonna be the
place and not it's a four-seater yeah
first year I mean I got a red boy are
you gonna bring in well you know I gotta
water wonderful yeah you're better use
it but they're going to be as uber
driver yup some waters and shoes I got
some gum a and we got the rear seat
entertainment watch the movie there yet
like super because you're driving
one of course yeah let's watch long hair
crazy oh yes thank you this is five part
we were part of a guru
enjoy the ride guys alright we're on
route to VidCon guys let's get it the
highest time are you for real
you just gave me coming out to spit it
out cuz I want to start vlogging again
good to go value is your seats literally
massaging right okay so really thought
yeah I Jared right
okay we did not a good common just
cruisin listen all day I say let me know
if you feel it it's I can feel like it's
light back there but I do feel like
backpacker exactly
massager little the moment in time yeah
you can deliver in the car so nice to
redress appreciate it yellow we're
heading today it was going to call this
is not it first one I think everyone's
first time today first time of VidCon
yep all the I rains are arranged on
range blogging blogging blogging
blogging drug uploading videos eyes are
what
you get your good because you're good
you're good
read it I'm a big big ice pick being on
YouTube Vanessa and we're out here okay
so we're going to bathroom for the main
crash I don't know I'll just follow
along guys wherever they go
Magic School Bus Edition gadget blue
dice molecular whole screen teen mom's
birthday oh my god it's so air continues
it's so if you like okay here are my
rules man if you flip it once I'll give
you my whole channel I got you you have
one try yeah more will be you don't get
the mean she'll one more double or
nothing both channels both nothing okay
oh you understand you walk slowly
quit your channel bro Joyner alright
guys we're in a car now we are headed to
VidCon it's been like a long time since
we actually have been there we've been
in a few rooms and stuff but apparently
they're going to be security there for
everybody and that's going to be lit so
I hope to meet you guys is going to be a
good time let's go riding in style jeans
we'll leave guys they might not let us
out because apparently there's going to
be a little bit of a ruckus so I don't
know we're posted up in the back got
raised here and it's lit your Instagram
lounge it's lit its Lydia again it's
pretty again okay picture picture
picture right one will be two will be
three will be four will be 500 for local
people picture will see the foot behind
the silver dress wear our pink just I
get on your back
yeah I'm going to do that okay yeah you
guys heard it here parfaits drugs
Instagram you already know here no way
I'm gonna picture with will be on its
app oh yeah here here guys too many
people so we finally got these the okay
to go March on the floor so we're going
to go cause some ruckus and then we're
actually heading out cause I left la
lutte contre rocket here we go here
camera go and we're Gucci it's time to
do the took to tadoule know Yugi oh here
we go here we go this is where everybody
is going to be its mod one time on here
if you and your the vlog you're in the
blog you're going to see you tomorrow
two days of cokes and we're on our way a
pathway that's lit that's wavy hey
that's tough that's tough oh oh
oh yeah that one's good meetings going
on here people are starting to yell
I think we lost income no no no no drugs
here oh shit fans are running at
somebody this is what happens when they
fought someone marginal holy altar rock
everyone's on fish yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
so via the hotel room right now he's
coming coming yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
here someone protect the man's in the
front race don't over a stone though go
into second
yeah yeah
Hey
Oh
Thank You trouble
I will do employment here you're here
small chuckle applicant mob chuckles
it's not a second I want the whole job
they're using me or they're going this
way try to rock accountability
I will come you know second room if you
know I'm literally just in the shower oh
my god right
stop being so famous I really don't I
didn't have anyone for the race I'm
doing magnet oh shit well he was right
shielding her holy shit you got a whole
mall following that was madness guys
they made me hand up my badge for VidCon
we had security really different they
were like us no no no we have security
Reno we don't get those back - I'm
stressed with your bad guy they're
cutting off people's our expense
I think it's official
hey guys it's official you're hearing it
from me first
we took they took our badges out of the
time they took everything and now
they're escorting us out of VidCon where
conflict zones and all we got kicked out
lower this is over go over walls over
didn't we came here to meet you guys are
fans legit came here to meet our own
Finn you want to meet our own fans Demi
Tim because there's too many of us are
too much or else bro bro so guys I'm
sorry if I don't get a chance to get a
picture with you but it is what it is
well we're all this hammer time on set I
guess we're just in time again you don't
give the badges I'm sorry guys already
get to meet you but I mean glad we'll
meet up later today
oh snap all right guys so all night
we're at this crazy fullscreen party it
was lit AAS I didn't vlog any of it so I
apologize for that but just know there
was a good time and I lost my voice in
the process so even though I got kicked
out of good Tom because I guess it was
just doing it we're still at this party
and he's turned up and we're only after
party right now I'm with everybody
including the shittiest 2k player on
YouTube I swear to God is the shit key
is to keep it there I'm with you blame
me if you know Chris London you know if
the city is to keep it Simon got my
answer
well okay real estate real estate also
be worse sneaker come a lawyer it's a
joke I looked at the Kodak height and I
was like yo I got to find a way to get
spin because it's like a whole yeah I'm
so hungry whatever I was like re I'm
just really going home and then I Bailey
I was like all right now
there okay so it's all a marketing
scheme we already know free LSK free
Wolfie we the real youtubers 14 of these
is gone
I got I'm going to turn the camera off
or crying that's a fool of myself you
guys who date to starting the vlog off
we're in the studio 71 lounge the Audion
or today is king savage it's lit there's
my youtubers here they'll get it ready
for today's vlog because I'm going to
introduce you guys with so many people
it's going to be so loud
it's going to be so late and the first
youtuber you're going to meet your
isolate baby what up here guys comment
down below in this vlog who you want me
to meet anybody want everybody's here
what is Robbie she's here the longer
your juice boxes here bro I'll see you
in a few days right
I love love it and you might be coming
to VidCon who knows guys anyways it's
winking at me
okay guys for the first youtuber aka
social media celebrity that I'm sure a
lot of my black thing great electric
black Twitter you know this is amazing
muscles invent okay you might not know
about me you probably in the majority
people that don't know in the hey they
know you they know you but here's a
search keep this merge guys I told them
I show them out this means a lot to them
and I would appreciate it if you guys
check out his merchant well y'all ever
felt like you're doing a lot you're ami
you put everything into what you're
doing whether it be like you know your
YouTube videos a relationship yep
anything but you always feel like it's
never enough I got this just to like
remind myself that like if you're good
enough good enough good enough just
relax okay just to remember that you
don't have to like you have to be
perfect you don't have to be perfect I'm
talking for exactly this right here we
got the old cities live in Ojai
collected he's weeping the collection
and he's given one to me for free so
it's late for O'Neal neroon
go maroon gray please yo guys check it
out Felix is it not soft let them know
so my god stop natural I've ever felt in
my life
hey guys I don't shout on anyone I don't
like to show people out but I have
fucked with Nathan said it can a the
third the third cube the third view for
time so I got to show them love I'll
leave a link in the description I'm a
singular Mike okay so he's going to send
me a link I'll leave a link in the
description and I'll not know my merch
is dropping soon I'm gonna get your
mushroom okay I tell him something
it causes me something it's lit here
don't kill me pink I ate gray GTR oh my
hi guys sorry about the confusion sorry
I haven't been vlogging too much well
you guys have Metallica's which is the
next clip I have not been vlogging too
much min Silvia are headed to a party
right now all the boys are there glad to
come back to the hotel room for a bit to
go do some stuff business Wolfie is out
Brad to the party
Oh
hi guys
site guys literally literally it's been
tough okay oh my god oh my god been
tough okay just put it this way your boy
has green I want you a YouTube party
here's the story I thought I was going
to vlog there I thought I was going to
be late I thought everyone's going to be
vlogging
nobody had their camera literally like
you the biggest youtubers you can think
of ever on existence biggest Instagram
people everyone was there Twitter people
Instagram vine
oh shit guys desert and someone's
calling me right now musically whatever
you can name Ryan let's get going
I would love to get picked up at the
hotel and then I'm coming to get you
guys yeah so yeah okay we'll be here
John oh yeah we good
are you sure yeah yeah yeah oh it's like
a laughing yeah okay okay okay bye
anyways guys literally it's just like
everyone was there no one on a blog
cameras are thinking about bringing the
wolf am it wasn't it ain't and look at
this view look at this view in the hotel
we're literally in the hotel looking go
into the hotel and it's really late at
night I think it's like 2:00 in the
morning now so I was gonna bring you
guys but can't I'm sorry I'm sorry I
love you guys so damn much but it wasn't
a camera team so now me and so we are
going to cut this hotel
we're leaving VidCon because we got
kicked out and it's just I don't know
it's whatever I don't really care too
much we're going to the Airbnb that we
initially stayed at that I haven't say
that yet because I've been staying in
this hotel for meetings and everything
with Sylvia but now that the meetings
are done we can be taking it at the
Airbnb so about to meet up with the boys
let's get it for those wondering this is
the room we stayed in if you didn't come
visit you played yourself VidCon this is
goodbye
next time let me stay longer and yeah I
could be a good time if you just if you
don't kick me out then it could be a fun
time there can be a lot of loving we can
meet the fans you know what it is like
there's a lot of fans here oh my god
could you don't kick your favor VidCon
neck I'm your biggest fan terrific time
yeah what about you the easy friends
uvaca cause you got it you gotta go
actually
oh shit oh shit it's missing the
physical I'm telling you hey guys she's
telling on me so I didn't have to leave
it on right now we have to leave is gone
okay guys we're headed through the
Hollywood Hills right now apparently
there was a coyote here yesterday when
the boys are driving so look how creepy
you look at night
like literally dark there's bear fog in
front of us and it's just a couple of us
the guy that man to get up and go home
thank you the other guy got ubering home
we're meeting on my own so if somebody
comes in and talks of vehicle there's
only going to be four to fight David's
hammered so create a fight so is go to
the site but we're like five minutes
away from the crib come to the crib the
address is right here um it's going to
be a good night I'm going to go I'm
going to show you guys what like the
hills look like the view of the hills at
nighttime because it's going to be super
lit and then the pool and everything is
just going to be a good time with them
I'm making up for not vlogging at at any
offense and you guys didn't get to see
any other youtubers but this week you
will see a bunch of youtubers and I'm
going to go to the face house so if you
guys want to see your boy at the face
house go down hit that like button if
this is 50,000 likes they said I could
come there they said I couldn't come it
doesn't if it doesn't anything over
50,000 likes so go down smash that like
button
this doesn't like them and they will
allow me at the face house so much for
the view as a guys literally what if I
tell you this is what the views are
looking like like these are the
Hollywood Hills right here I can barely
see I mean if I left the camera really
how you can kind of see but it's so dark
fog is so real right now and apparently
there's mountain lions and shit over
here so we're just going to go inside
immediately we are back in the base it
looks a lot more creepy at nighttime
well we got to squat here so we should
be good look at that Auto lighting boom
that dim landing do just like I remember
the crib the creator's popping still
Brian I didn't sleep in the bed the
first two nights so today I'm taking the
bed over here I paid for the first two
nights didn't get to sleep in it this
guy got the friggin master bedroom to
himself
two nights so you're showing up here
later I'm logged in the master bedroom
that's what can go to the pool at night
ah damn alright guys I admit them my
vlogging it has been really subpar this
trip but I'm gonna try and keep it up
today we're moving on from day one into
another day where you to keep this vlog
going it's going to be super long super
lit we're going to breakfast right now I
just woke up and the way I woke myself
up was just jumping in the pool
and I feel refreshed ass we're gonna go
get breakfast we're going to go shopping
today and then we will see where the
wind blows us so let's get it let's
scare Sylvia watch this I'm going to go
around the window and bang she's going
to be shook oh good
Frank Oz shook this is so sort of pose
literally the straitjacket pranked here
good morning oh my god house in the
Hills but yo character whoever stepped
on the cream white Easy's I know a lot
of you sneaker heads are cringing at
this is why you do not wear cream I easy
to the club they're old oh my god one
quadruple kill Jeff could do yo Joey
here these guys are going to in and out
we're going to chick-fil-a and then I
hops another team right behind us ooh
here event event Lila Keaney
shut up to the waviness high school of
all time Hollywood High School you're
going to Hollywood high school year
you've gone Hollywood on us I don't know
if you guys can see that sign the team
chick-fil-a over t my Hawk comment down
below your team who you got chick-fil-a
is super quick on everything the
location we went to has no inside that
everything is outside right now there's
nowhere to have a hair conditioning or
anything but it still lists it's not
like they literally did our order it's
probably like 20 30 seconds that's what
I call DIY duplicate any friend
duplicate yourself
yes I'm dual detailer this pigeon to
writing students idiot entries like oh
shit all your yo-yo pages I never saw
such a cool whoa oh my god they're so
good yes you're never here if you have
to get it for tougher
watch our DL Bible not raise a family
but never look to him holy shit we
didn't know it ago did you go this is
not so full of that bull up notes pigeon
ting it's a ball when you're in LA you
gotta act addresses the LA Mongoose I
got to get a fresh haircut
Ryan's Toronto one he hasn't quite hit
la yet he's questionable l am on the red
fox and dave is going on a morning John
Aman you're going on a morning jog we're
offering this leg today the today
helping everyone's wake we're gonna see
how reliant turns - Oh cake first let's
go first cause nothing in say not the
Hall of Fame has fame hats
they've had we're looking for the
Saatchi in the Gucci
Davis making me players for as long as
we get is ev'ry easy there theories in
one of these play machines for five
beams a piece would be eighty eight but
this nigga doesn't win right now it's
old so what's the point of this with our
small look and act embarrassed Sylvia
I'll get you one of these if you want
just let me know
like only and lead on here blue eyes
perfect this one 3G so Ryan's gonna get
to pretend that he plays ball how much
loop in short they literally called hoop
shorts no no no go ahead
those are filthy though they're wavy
sure absolutely
he's asked you guys are contemplating
playing the game now after seeing us
move twice on the youth channel I'm done
playing and I don't advise anyone to
playing because you're going to lose
your in-game this nigga has a Bugatti
just how you know you made it to LA ah
oh my god no no no Lambo this is a shock
King we're now entering Beverly Hills
personal by the most wins hey let's get
cited I'm in the lead alright bro let's
go let's go David's officially in the
loss because these Gucci cakes are old
I'm companies right now oh my god the
cream whites are really issues Caldwell
the beaches yes I'm learning I'll show
you guys the price the belt there's no
no no oh my god Gucci 33 relax then
I'm using mannequins are fresh guys I
found the Gucci sweater I've been
looking for this is a crew night I don't
want the crew neck I want the hoodie
version so we're gonna go check if he
has it in black in my size and if it's
if he doesn't have to get it because
I've been looking for it everywhere
oh no in the last row if you get that
you're in the loo here and the loss or
okay ever these guys like turning on
should I get you're not getting a touch
of change whom is overripe oh my god yo
no long on the spot like mine alright
guys let me know you think we'll check
out the black Gucci sweater this thing
is so hard to find you have no idea but
I mean if it's oh and the kicks all this
is cringe but it's what I've always
wanted to hear this guy has DIY Versace
also what they introduce equal Gucci I'm
not cheap Versace I enjoy the
researchers oh look at this the next
stop is Louis V Louis on my wrist Louie
on my way Louie on my belt then Versace
Versace Medusa head on me like I'm livin
idea that this management doesn't calm
down I'm stressed now we in the Versace
so he checking out the jewels you guys
know research II will feel absolutely
Masaki Versace for such Beverly Hills
that's where I wanna be me and living in
Beverly yeah I said hog
thank you can my bags be yeah where's
your pigs in my razor bags where is your
baby cuz I see a Gucci bag I see a Louis
vague and I don't see no bags about
that's another loss of David Aryan
beardo ever challenged the King I always
win look at this car you neither taking
IG pics of it the other thing I do
something no no no no no no it's not
your car if I acquired this next one has
a complimentary valet parking they took
our whip they took a look and let us in
the back I'm stressed hey Dave I'm
winning though Dave got off wait today
I'll give them a shout-out for that but
I am still winning because I also got
off wait so here it's been a tight race
all day we're working on it Louise is
working on it yeah I got my bags I'm
throwing these bags in the car it's
going to be a lit day because Pope and I
also think once I contact I don't know
if you guys can see this
but all I'm seeing right now is 99,000
like I told you guys that if we hit a
hundred thousand likes on that vlog I'm
dropping head shot head pop photos of
this girl excuse me because I've voiced
a little gone but it's been a rough
couple days so we're ninety nine
thousand nine hundred and like 86 so on
the next pretty much minute or two we're
probably gonna hit on two thousand like
so as soon as we get back to the air B&B
at least maybe some situation going down
Bonneville yes I'm not just mongos Jeff
I'm not yet but I'll go stress I'm not
dead
trick so we're going to be I'm going to
update you guys soon about the whole
situation I think that might be the
campus John so you back lose are the a
sermon and who's got the throne goals
Maseratis like what this is working out
and you guys a hard mine Ajay come on
get it okay to get it get it get that oh
yeah this was G so we ordered post mates
to the crib and this guy literally
parked all the way up look at he's
backing up right now but he pulled up
all the way to the hill I don't know if
he knew where we were but this is just
weird
oh shit he's come here
okay
now is the biggest mission but the
food's still hot I can feel it being
warm and I got food for everyone because
I'm a nice guy you know what it is I'm a
nice guy
well if you've got to provide for the
family the some of the boys just went to
VidCon right now and then the rest of us
are going to figure out what in the
world we doing how's the job alright
guys so it is that time the magical
number has finally been hit after so
many of you guys have patiently been
waiting for me to drop the pic the vlog
from like two days ago has officially
hit 100,000 like so shout out to all the
people that have hit the like button
okay I appreciate my more wolfy fam it's
lit every single day by the way guys I
think I think it's time because Mongo is
not here to drop a pic of this catfish
you know I mean like they should be
called to pick in tomorrow's vlog I'm
not quite 100% sure because I don't know
bongos okay and I got a goal I gotta ask
him before I post it this guy's at
VidCon right now I'm at the base I'm at
the Airbnb
so I'm gonna call Bongo and if he
doesn't answer then we might have to
wait to drop the pink either until later
or until tomorrow because this is a big
this is a big deal a lot of you guys
already have been going hard at the one
girl even though it wasn't her so I just
want to make sure it's the right time
when I drop the pic so I'm the call
Bongo right now if he doesn't answer
then I guess we'll just have to wait
till he gets home because I just want to
make sure it's the right thing to do but
I will drop it don't worry wolf am told
you guys a hundred thousand likes that I
will drop the picture
let's get my little call come on Bongo
come on a bar go come on
on the wolf and wants to know okay well
Ben wanted our logo I'm losing my voice
guys this is ridiculous okay we'll give
it like one or two more rings I'm
stressed okay you heard it right there
guys vomiting into the phone this guy
must be turning up without me or
something
so we might have to wait for tomorrow's
vlog but ah damn the picture is coming
out in tomorrow's vlog please everybody
comment down below on this comment down
below on this vlog please Bongo let
Wolfie show the photo okay I need all
the comments possible because Bongo
always watches all my blogs he's going
to see the comments he's going to know
that the wolf fan is pressuring him and
then he's going to feel the need to just
be like okay wolfy drop the pigs and I'm
the internet's going to break so post
notifications turn those on because this
is going to be lit you want to see them
early because the vlog might get taken
down tomorrow who knows so go down smash
that like button
let's hit 45 thousand likes for
absolutely no reason I already told you
what to comment please hurry up everyone
pause the video right now go absolutely
nuts in the comments let's get like
twenty thirty thousand comments spam in
the comment section as much as possible
because like because again Fargo will be
read in the comments and I will see you
guys soon our mobile fee where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage laga
