good morning ay yo what's going to boil
okay welcome back to more wolfy you guys
may be wondering why I am in a frigging
lot full of cars though because I'm
getting rid of my old car I'm getting
I'm getting a new car I'm honestly
thinking Jaguar s-type the Jaguar f-type
is looking mean right now but we'll
still have to decide
I'm absolutely joking I'm not I'm not
getting a car I'm not getting a car but
smash like wonder if you guys are
excited because we are in LA so yeah
we're in LA we just rented a big body
truck to get all of our luggage in it
it's off-white on ok jam jam Jam we're
not country month every man stuff is
going to fit and we are headed to
Sylvia's Airbnb right now because we
can't get into our Airbnb yet you can't
check in yet but Sylvia has a small one
everybody's luggage to be honest so it's
about to be a 50-minute drive we're
cruising in style let's go black dress I
don't even think I brought soy sauce I'm
a wolf and I'm not going to lie the only
reason I came to LA was to get tender
greens again because we do not have any
good salad locations in Ottawa I try to
make my best but realistically there's
only like two and they're not convenient
so I know there's they're solid places
with like quinoa and fresh chicken and
all that stuff here so I think that's
the first stop they were going to do
after we drop off our luggage which by
the way we're likkle packed in here but
it's nice there's a lot of space for
almonds and then it's a solid tank you
guys live in LA how about your boy me
out here looks like behind the scenes of
a vlog but watch how much energy these
guys lose when they turn it off
hold on
how it goes cameras off no talking
these guys are in friends off camera and
it is so weird our hands look like
literally it is like so energetic with
you guys in the camera no talking so the
whole way here is that if they were the
plane anything down the hall hey nation
yo holding the camera on get Ryan to the
camera got exposed bro you guys
thankfully we found a Chipotle but
maximum occupancy is only 87 - I tell
469 let's fuck everyone else
we're like Mario really 9 right now with
all this W fire is so fun we're breaking
alarm about us this is what God put us
on earth for Chipotle breathable
Sooey nation is getting sunblock
sunscreen on day seven all fucking up
you know we have fun in Ottawa - oh okay
Isis Listerine look so easy yeah you
Americans need to chill I had to pick up
some Advil and some deodorant because I
smell like garbage right now we still
have a location go - we are on our roots
or Runyon Canyon actually we just got
there onion Canyon we're not running I'm
not in the running hiking apparel at all
but we have an hour to kill before we
can check into our Airbnb later the
girls doing us a favor she's letting us
check in early but still we have an hour
to kill so we're driving through the
hills and we were like you know David
hasn't been here Agustin hasn't been
here let's go hiking here I would come
talk yeah yeah this is a good place of
job guys I said watch out for snake the
average person would say absolutely
right would be like oh screw it screw
snakes bro I don't want to see them
Dustin's like I love snakes so I'm
looking for hope we see you say hey
caution rattle caution rience wait what
caution Ryan squeezes oh my god Ryan you
have a they have a sign for you right I
have a sovereign how the view looks how
it looks what I'm taking the view oh
listen to echo look at that view not
okay now look back at me I'm moving I'm
moving there comment down below where
you live and I'll buy us all a house in
California if you guys hit 40,000 Lakes
I'm buying everybody at how Cisco bro l8
is not and it literally doesn't for as
long as this camera can go there is
buildings on buildings on building for
deck and then we turn left what do you
see
Hollywood you know this one yeah yeah
keep popping the aloe vera open distance
I have a rash on my hand for more watch
like leather oh yeah yeah there's a
juice if you crack it open I will put
the juice on my oh my god
now milk get that get back this guy's
hard one
guys this is what we call aloe vera I
mean that's the name of it yeah I didn't
see that squared actually okay and it
actually heals it's good for the skin
good through the face so if nothing can
pop some of this aloe vera I was just a
natural la Hills aloe okay grab so let's
do some set I need some juice I don't
want to fall down this mountain to my
death though rarely here hold it open
pull I mean this
no shell dusted yeah bro it's a living
thing
come on the track okay let me let me get
some juice hold it down oh yeah nice I
love juice but right on my whoa I feel
refreshed already geez okay so we just
got to the Airbnb we officially checked
in and I want to give you guys just like
a quick little rundown of what we are
working with right now first of all if
you look at that we are in the Hollywood
Hills so you come up the driveway
very beautiful driveway okay I'm going
to give you guys the smoothest one-take
tour you've ever seen we got our whip
they're there with their little
basketball court Ryan's age to the
driveway is nice enough that you can
like loop around or whatever like you
don't need to stop or whatever then
there is a door the door is way easy
okay I'm getting like medieval vibes
from the door very nice door shout-out
to her for helping us out we got workout
gear boxing stuff peep this I'm no Floyd
Mayweather can I do this
I know it's Oh God this needs to be
inflated you know those oh I need two
hands for that but we got that we got
this just a quick little fat job oz all
along the side of the house is wavy but
we have a nice little mirror door type
thing here and then when we go in oh my
god biggest palm tree I've ever seen in
my damn life anyway as we go in there
might be a little loud ruckus here we
got a lot of youtubers in here for check
this out wavy wavy Weezy Weezy oh my god
holy check this out
knocking it up to the restaurant you'll
do it three great good later no one I'm
doing it for the vlog only but if
someone wants to get spanked in town I
did I my treacherous College decided
you're taller I'm solid here the can I
have you know a guy oh nice right get it
for the vlog your euro guys anyway as we
go in here turn left we go to the
bedroom dorm section bathroom here I
mean I mean it's whatever pretty nice
showers pretty nice now whatever we got
one bedroom here two bedroom here oh my
god
they have parity into a master bedroom
but oh my god if you look outside there
is a pool overlooking the hills if this
isn't the dirtiest view ever see in your
life your mark
we got sculpture 1 2 v bosse into the
master bedroom with an egg this egg cost
ten thousand on its own oh my god I
didn't even see the master bedroom
our master master shower room bathroom I
mean jeez it's lit someone pissed in the
toilet okay we're moving on quick tour
one bed we keep in the hall trout
editing very high relax relax
to bed master bedroom and out the side
of the bedroom is hot tub overlooking
more Hills like what the heck you go
outside in the morning you're like yo I
need to go to the hot tub splash look in
there front of the house more Hills more
Hills views on views on views go back in
almost done this tour guys on this side
of the bedroom is more oh no Oh more
tanning salon and pool views we'll head
back into the kitchen here we go
kitchen oh my god this chair is the most
wavy chair in the world if you sit in
this chair
you're the automatic battles hate that
oh my god I hate I hate jet no I love it
here here another view of the pool on
the left on overlooking the hills well
you guys know that couch here more stuff
cool stuff who cares island no DIYs
dining room out here nothing really but
there's a barbecue over here and it's
lit you can even play ball on the
barbecue
if you want wherever if you have its
home court here here here do you assess
in the internet we're going this way ah
kind of good what kind of good would I
mean it is all right you guys want Wi-Fi
here it is peace into another two person
bedroom two person bedroom what's on the
side of the house fans because it's hot
AF I guess it's just like a courtroom
lounge area you would think everything
is done when we got closets here cuz
this is a bathroom right
you go down into the bathroom through
the bathroom into the laundry room into
whatever this is which goes you know
what we're not going to open that what
is in this room
surprise I'll close that and finally
into the ping-pong room odds that is
nice and icy cold TV you can put up
another TV we got like a couch here it's
very dark in here we need some lights up
please we need some lights it is too
depressing in this room right now oh
really
rocks of pain 5 million dollar house you
guys don't believe me look it up on the
realestate.com it's mine so that is like
the quickest tour of the house I can
possibly give you very nice I'm very
excited stay tuned the vlogs are going
to be like I'm not even ending the vlog
but the next couple vlogs for the week
are going to be absolute madness VidCon
tomorrow morning a lot of stuff going
down so if you're excited hit that like
button and I'm already sweating from
just giving the tour guys everybody is
now flogging house where everyone
blogging host oh my god look at all
these bloggers what is going on what is
going on okay if everyone the pool I'm
not I'm not doing to enjoy that guys
look at it plug this is crazy
- socket oh my god oh look at this
pinecone the little detail it's a little
detail come on
free I'm sorry these knees are out here
filming videos right now doing some
elbow challenges and I am literally just
trying to upload my boner that's all I
do alright guys so we're having a good
day but all men's have been in the pool
except for you boy and Bongo just dared
me to jump in with with my clothes on
you guys know I don't do anything for
nobody well getting my life so slow down
and smash that like button right now I
will jump off a front slip you're gonna
prove it yeah it's like 9 feet okay but
this is for you here thank you
maybe cool you got the Ray : I know
Oh No wolf and smash that like my son
not like one guys here we go
close on it no no no my one all right I
will come I love you oh oh my god I was
a belly flop really Michael welcome in
keep it real on Wolfie felt holy shit so
that's what I'm looking like right now
guys one more for them okay instant
instant great a brown sweat pants magic
trick instantly good clean your weapon
and have a swim at the same time you're
so heavy
yeah this is heavy is it right Noblet
backflip can you do a backflip where's
Tanner Tanner I'm carnie bro I need help
for a backflip I come stress can do
something no I can't do anything
Oh My Jesus
that's all especially all right guys so
basically your boy got a new car I
didn't want to tell you guys that's the
only reason we are in LA right now
there's people in the front of the house
but Pete the new whip know these
cinematics
sike I'm joking
that's my buddies my buddies Lambeau
it's on my lambo all you nah-nah
tis Lambeau but we're going for a ride
right now we're gonna cruise on
Hollywood Boulevard or whatever I don't
even know I've never rode in a Lambo
this is going to be my selling point
don't kill me holy shit it's a Huracan
oh my god
tiny in here what oh let's just let's
just let's just never been in the land
Oh No the best I've been in is an r8
I'll put the seat belt on because Lola
don't crash exactly very
alright guys it's the Lambo view here -
lets Lamborghini right on it oh hell no
no no no no all right guys we're off
let's get it I don't know if you guys
will hear that was the curtain missing
the current fits on the drives way like
more powerful to my car and my car so
damn powerful so we're going on
Hollywood Boulevard and apparently this
is where everyone is
apparently people don't like this car
they think it's too rowdy but it is what
it is we're here with savage we're here
to turn up in LA where we're not here
for long so let's get it everybody that
we got very clearly 398 mm oh he's gonna
rev the engine and that is what we call
an engine revs Matt Matt you closer
class people
as a cheese veggie it's just it's just
but I mean at the end of the day - Lambo
so won't get one more engine back there
the core crew people are so fine okay
good this is done okay guys so just a
quick update on the whole catfish
situation
check this out kids this girl right here
this is the girl that you guys are like
going at ya
I did not put her name or face in the
title so like I kind of played myself on
this gate comments are mud everyone's
calling our captors wolf am team Bongo
fucking catfish and I go to her top
comment by the way to cause 1.7 million
followers on Instagram I'm very confused
oh my god does she follow the manda does
she so you guys need to chill on this
girl like don't go first of all you need
to realize what a catfish is if someone
is a catfish they're using her photo so
she's not the catfish and B I literally
just looked up a random photo to use for
the thumbnail because I didn't drop the
girls photo in this vlog so that girl is
not the freaking catfish thought putting
hate on her photo your wolf family not
going to do that but we're going to
still get to the bottom of it there has
been a bunch of update that we will say
potentially in tomorrow's vlog right now
I'm headed off to Anaheim which is like
an hour drive away so I got a Ober hella
fart right now because I'm going to stay
to Sylvia for the night wake up do some
business and stuff like that but
tomorrow I will update you on that
situation but chill on scarlet okay go
if you're watching as well I love you
working my comments but it's Carly we
love you but I don't got it yeah I don't
even know right am all of them
I wish you would but I wish down with
the catfish that's what I'm saying but
that's not her guys what series breaking
shit oh my god anyways guys chill on
that you know not hot hair attire k
bongos gonna attempt a pool trickshot he
is going to shoot from this corner
yellow yellow balls in corner pocket
this corner pocket and he has to jump
essentially the orange ball to get there
tonight
yeah I blocked that blocka blocka blocka
I don't need to gone wrong anymore
Justin that's just filing credit card oh
you don't block that bug come on don't
put row for the Airbnb people are like
your boos and he is done with laid-back
patches of BA I need to just blow in
three two one not here oh no drink for
you now let me do it oh no no no no
what's this yes yes okay I'll get Reebok
I'm greedy one more side I don't know
anything yet
now Balthus here nobody's okay last
thing about the girl she's going off
she's going off going off she's going
off I'm sorry I love you I love you look
guys I am strach lubbers leaving right
now you can fear
look at her cutting I'm stressed I'm
stressed some stressful uber works so
that basically you put the address in of
where you're going to go so they know
you're where you're going to go before
you get in the car so I waited like 20
minutes for this girl to come and then
she's like where are you going because
the GPS is a little wacky like when
you're in the hills and I was like
Anaheim and this girl's like what and I
said yeah yeah yeah like can you do that
and then like because you accepted it I
would assume you could do that and then
she's like oh no no no I have to go do
something of this sound like I was like
should I get out of the car she's like
she just didn't know what to say she was
like pretty like it was awkward as hell
and I was like all right weird like
that's all good like you don't need to
drive me but like next time you should
let me know before I wait so now I have
to call another uber hopefully the
second one doesn't bail on me that
girl's old I just gave her the worst
rating low key I'm I'm actually kind of
cheesed and I always give verse 5 stars
but this girl you know who you are
ok don't flop on me when you get to come
here so I'm a little stressed right now
I don't know how I'm gonna get here it's
starting to get dark outside so
beautiful very beautiful but I don't
know what I'm doing ok guys so I
completely forgot to do like an outro
for my vlog last night because as soon
as I got here your boy ordered food and
then I pass
the hello like I absolutely ko'd so it
was a crazy night but like I said
tomorrow's vlog aka to vlog number bout
to start in like 10 minutes it's going
to be super lit because we got updates
on the catfish situation we're going to
VidCon today like today is the first day
that I'm going yesterday and get a
chance to go so expect me to meet some
of your favorite youtubers there it's
going to be crazy
so smash the like button if you guys are
excited for that that's it thirty five
thousand likes for no reason actually
because wolfies in LA
comment down below Wolfie in l.a because
it's going to be late I hope I meet as
many of the wolf em as possible on this
little trip that I'm doing and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
