hey yo what's a little boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie and we are
at the train station we're headed to
Toronto right now and never been on the
via rail train I've been on like I used
to take a train to school all the time
but never been from here to Toronto via
via rail via train so you already know
what it is smash the like button because
that means we're one step closer to LA
let's hit 35,000 like for absolutely no
reason and let's go get on this damn
train oz literally have our own table of
you're in a train like what what's going
on Joe he was supposed to come with her
but she went to LA early so then she
flopped I don't know she canceled her
ticket so basically every storage unit
right here that after Sylvia would have
been and then just bare space I'm never
taking the Greyhound again BJ team team
train Hey look at this - so we've been
officially driving for like 4 hours last
week 4 to 5 hours literally there's no
sign of civilization except for hold on
we're about to hit civilization in three
two weeks post offices look at that we
got a Best Buy idea we're coming close
to Toronto I'm pretty sure we're like
we're like 45 minutes away we just did
some Pokemon unboxing on the train for
David's channel go check that out
they're 30 place make it literally
unlock bacon - cards on the train let's
just say I'll get daily vlog instead I'm
Blanca
anyways we're the three that are going
to get there early and then there s boys
are going to get here later on I think
Dustin wanted to film Bongo is waiting
on a car or something there's a bunch of
stuff going on but then we're all going
to reunite tonight in the haunted Airbnb
is actually one more thing guys
we unblocked the thumbnail card you guys
don't know the Pope the Pokemon card
that is the thumbnail code it's
basically this one
weepinbell taught me everything that I
know so shout out the weekend out
million be here where the cooling power
we touch down in Toronto can't really
see the CN tower but we just called an
uber and it should be here in like five
minutes but for the first time ever I
saw on the uber app it said your uber
driver is deaf or hard-of-hearing so I'm
kind of sketched out because usually
like I get locked to lubbers I don't
know how I'm going to communicate with
them but they have a five star I've
never seen someone with a five star on
over it's usually a four point eight
four point seven so five so I'm
expecting gum bottles girl chart are
your new girls cuz I got a girlfriend
Chargers everything like everything that
Amy would possibly needs Universal
Chargers so I'll let you guys know
what's gone and then be over psych
literally if I looked a little more left
this is friggin the towers right here on
G we're good yeah it's really crazy well
yeah so guys Toronto traffic has
officially done duped on us literally
we've been sitting for 20 minutes we
haven't moved at all this buses buses is
she everyone sees like we literally just
want to get to our location we're about
to close some next moves when I got some
words of inspiration for the car ride as
soon as was add stock playing 30-second
on schedule
la soluci√≥n laudanum Jana funk in
Toronto in New York in LA anywhere
that's busy because it's gotta let them
know who owns the road we on the road on
that note I don't god love this is that
come on come on keep rows behind Rosa
you know this is the beginning of the
music video was until nineties level no
you know these ones live for yeah yeah
this is what you cut somebody off and
get get in their Lane right here okay
the older baby knows will fees in the
car
keep on rolling let's go G we're on our
way
hold on I got you on some words of
inspiration for the ride here it's a
chemical attack which one people in
control over that's what I'm saying
keep going on that note we we move two
centimeters it watch the teleport though
we just arrived at the Airbnb they were
staying at not too bad not too bad
literally like you look in the house you
go up the stairs and then it's on the
left on I mean it's nothing crazy but
you know it gets the job done literally
we got a nice little kitchen here her
dining room
no DIY kitchen two seats here for guests
when you guys come in it's like the
waiting room before you come to our
offices which are back there no I like
no one candle not bad so I love you live
in here oh yeah yeah yeah apparently the
girl was telling us like the girl who
rented it out to us was just like yeah
the reason the price was so low is
because there have been some people that
have came here and said that there has
been some spirits or ghosts or some shit
but you know me I'm a savage and I'm
going to like obviously pay the lowest
price possible because I'm friends with
Ryan Swayze teaches me if you say no it
is weird up area like what more the hick
what is this weird is kind of scary this
is kind of sketch but I mean I mean it
should be good right this is definitely
why we're definitely going to play
three am challenged because of their
spirits around here I'm staying I'm a
youtuber and I need to experience what
one so this bedroom should be fine I
don't know what's going on with the
bathrooms I'm saying in this room but
we're probably going to just explore to
see like what's in the closet I'm not
going to check anything now because I'm
starving but there is going to be some
serious investigations Rosa there's the
other rooms down there I heard some
beautiful life I'm not trying to go
downstairs another girl literally fed
she's like hey when you come and go up
the stairs and I turn left this door is
fully locked we don't have the key and
when you go down the stairs and go
around which that's the basement I don't
know what's down there but she said go
straight upstairs and don't look back so
I'm going to check out the basement
maybe a little bit later when the boys
come because your voice gets so and this
is really scary like this whole setup
kind of freaks me out but we're here
guys we made it we're alive shuttle to
the uber driver which is a most modern
one but so many times he was having a
good time with us in the beginning but
low-key that Jackie's a mud bun so you
need to stop bouncing literally he was
like speeding and then like he's talking
to himself and shit it was weird but now
we're here first things first
food okay guys so I have been editing
for like the past five hours basically
in this room it's now dark outside and
it's getting closer and closer and
closer to the nighttime so things are
probably going to get creepy here David
is at a hotel which is pretty much like
a three or four minute uber ride from
here so he said he's probably gonna roll
over here Bongo and Ryan are in the whip
currently but they're going to get here
late late later so maybe they can help
us find some ghosts tonight but we're
going to be if we can catch something on
camera tonight because you know we leave
to LA tomorrow I know
Ellis doesn't know any ghosts because
the too late like Ellie's is too lit and
goes if there is ghosts over there
they're just turning up but look at this
text did the Airbnb girl the house that
we're staying in just send your boy go
said is everything okay how about the
temperature I hope that you can enjoy
this night at my house thank you so much
now maybe she's just being nice maybe
she's just being generous but just the
way I read that is kind of creepy though
I don't know if the temperature supposed
to be cold it's a little chilly in here
I don't know if it's supposed to be like
that I'm just going to say yeah it's
blessed here we go
yeah it's blessed I hope she understands
the Toronto lingo and there we go
it is only a matter of time until we
start to explore so smash the like
button if you guys are excited smash the
like button so me and jawed don't die on
on you guys out here
no we're just all trying to like split
up right now my ever own rules itself
I just been chilling yeah we're here by
round David coming here we're all in
this room like the other rooms haunted
and like this bit light over here it
just I don't know I'm not feeling it I'm
not feeling it it's not mine it's not
because no one's in their room the
lights off but that's over like who's
like the closet is literally open like
what ain't it'll close the club close
let's just let's close the door for here
for now and we'll come back in here in a
bit P soon and bro I went outside
everybody has their like the world into
their house like open house contest
stress or just stress we're like oh
you're longer I saw the next
neighborhood in Toronto right now okay
well I'll see you guys in like five
minutes okay guys so I just heard a
knock at the door but don't know what's
going on but you know one's getting over
here
hello hi myself I completely forgot we
order - but jessamine jessamine your
dented looks sketchy no that's the goal
and then whatever the hell is in here
you're feeling right now yeah but if I
see this you let me postulate in this
case Jessica yeah hello oh my gosh side
door I'm stressed there's a side door
open the side door oh okay the pantry
all set at a viewer place to have a
pantry a pregnancy I don't like the
layout of this house you know I look at
this roll in here turn off all
electrical at the very front and that
world and you just have my cell phone
but yeah we're good it was just a food
Pizza we're not stressing yet although
the lights have kind of been flickering
now is when I start to get a little
sketched out because I don't like those
I believe in ghosts I believe in energy
the world the universe is just too
friggin big not to believe in ghosts so
this is going to get locked
you know until anyone gives us further
notice if anyone's coming
but till then it's locked it's locked or
of price we're half of this is literally
like a mind game I literally I just got
the goose bumps I swear to God because
jazz is like Jabba's went outside to go
get some pressure and this guy's just
like kind of shook and I'm like you know
what I wasn't that kind of shook until
you went outside so now I'm like looking
in the blinds I'm looking the reflection
I'm looking for lights like everything
is sketching me out at this point I feel
like I'm just building myself up to be
scared I don't even want to go back to
the kitchen to go get the food that I
just put on the plate for me it could be
poison nobody knows you guys are coming
with me to the kitchen right now we're
saying stressed together wolf Sam please
smash the link button to show sis to
I don't like this no I don't like to
tell I don't even sell pool and shit
right boggle get here right now we are
not we're not good I don't even know I
feel good girl that is like renting this
Airbnb out to us is in that next room or
downstairs because why else would she
send that text like how are you guys
like how are you guys doing unless she
was here like what if the door is open
those kids like what is yeah okay we're
good like what if the plan is she lives
in that room where she lives downstairs
and then she gets people to come an
Airbnb into this room and then later at
night when we're asleep she has a key to
this room and then she comes in I'm just
building shadow from my head to
disappoint guys this we're good we're
good
look the man
here what the is going on right now
the boys rolled up we're safe now turn
lock the door though so the boys are
rolling in bold is the jack
you know where I forget you live in this
world and then and the the friggin door
on the side a there's no G we're up here
it's not even creepy when you're in
every MIDI so could you see some next
movie happening in here both laugh but
the chairs with some people see I swear
they're some Asian torture going on in
this house the other David were us some
Davidson actually wrote snake Oz well
this collection of babies all yes that's
a long day don't
it's a baby doll pink I'm kidding three
tweeted fidget spinners at 3:00 a.m. to
the left up there you cannot check out
very multi caution water
this one right here which restaurants do
construction and these two figurines I
have no idea what this is
there could be ashes in here literally
it's like a shrine
I'm gonna die oh my god this could be an
end to be honest and then there's
another figure in here with weird
carvings behind it this is noggin 3 a.m.
3 fidget spinners episode of the deal is
these three Emmys have taken over your
boys got off on the way but everyone's
here for solo so it is officially 2:30
a.m. and everyone's here like balls gone
the stressing me out but I have three
seconds right here
1 2 3 and all these 3 a.m. challenges
are going crazy viral this gold is
happening and Ryan shaking the camera
man like I want to you can just move
over here it's 2:30 so if it doesn't
work we're going to go drive there I
know when then comeback time of the
devil sick sick sick sick sick sick so
maybe we have to send them each twice so
here we go
of the China yogurt in America continues
so here we go yo bro that one's looking
at okay I'm so pretty and they may be in
the back yeah yeah
your children will be losing sketch why
don't I stop yeah whatever - did a lot
specific you know so hold on hold on
okay
this is tripping me out because we could
really look at a buncha guys is not a
nice yo the one on the Left I spun again
and it's stopping again I don't know why
that one but we'll do one more time hold
on top spin on fusion all three same
power I'm not doing anything - Hannah
dark still I want to get to that watch
the leg one so I don't die right but I
did like up look it's a lot of that
stops again some shit's happening and
bro oh my god something is happening I
feel like this one's a little possess so
we're going to put that one aside Shh
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo dr. king okay holy
right I say I don't fuck this da shit
you're the middle one I put it in the
middle yellow stop okay never been
physically broken area yo can fidget
with the crippling we're gonna go drive
right home and then we're going to come
back here try it but that's worse but
that's actually one less person with us
so we'll see what happened you know
there's three people at 3 a.m.
huh check all my beautiful so I call my
boys then you can do six six months
three people three digits - I'm not
going to resonate
I'm
because let's go hey yo what is that
dripping noise there water dripping I'm
freaking stressed just a little bit out
of here god I'm sorry bro we will be
back soon I'm sorry about leaving you
but I mean I lock the door so yeah
there's that late in the a.m. guys we're
driving to drop Ryan off because he's
got to say hi to his mom before he cuts
to LA for the week he lives like right
around or worse Daniel yeah so it's a
quick drop off gang maybe like a
midnight snack out of the south side of
James Rama and Walter follow people so
sign pink shadow Ryan for making the
Toronto snapchat Instagram stranded on
that I made the Instagram sorry putting
some gigs as music I might post a list
to make it oh it's all people eating
dinner dancing I saw no there was one
other one there's someone driving in or
her to turn on I was like okay I could
see how that meeting is just kind of
wolf anyways guys driving Ryan it's
looking nice outside very dark very dark
very great kind of creepy no no no if
you really want to go there's a dark
field right here
yeah okay if that is old I was doing
fitted spinners at three and I kill
myself when I do in the dark field
marshal like button if if we have to LA
we will explore because I know some of
you guys help me like because I know
some of you guys probably like that
stuff it's really dark barely even see
me right now but we will get some
exploring done if after you want to see
we have to hit the like button because
I'm legit trade of ghosts so it's
probably gonna take some motivating
the most level 10 beers I agree with
this came up in 24 hours later guys
because we are leaving in the morning
it is very very good idea to get one of
these one of these movies and I like my
berry boost
so it's a very boost ping so I don't go
on the airplane completely completely
hungry literally I'm tired right now
though and there's no more water at the
friggin Airbnb and I don't trust the
water in there just because it could be
haunted so I'm probably gonna call some
water as well
literacy I just wanted to go on the
cruise to get out of the house dad you
are still asleep at the house bro I'm
sorry we left you if you're haunted if
if we walk and come home and judge you
are literally walking like this row um
yo guys take your friends on which
snicker they are you hit hope that was
such a long name no no no no no no no oh
I know a lot of girls like this nigga
for a girl another girl you guys take a
friend for each of these snicker bars
take a picture of this right now
screenshot it no no no take a picture
that it takes me on Twitter app will
perhaps please guys this is hilarious
Snickers is up in there social media
game right now here's here I'll even
give you guys space put a friend's name
beside each one of these or you could
put your your girlfriend for every
single one nearby I want to know what is
going on in these rooms these are the
rooms that we are not allowed in these
three rooms or maybe one room I don't
know if it's one big room up there but
we can only go in the bottom for some
reason it's political enough if someone
else lie I do dual Airbnb us would be
alright guys so we're not the only ones
here this is the creepiest friggin house
I've sorted on I swear
gosh it was bl√©riot sleigh jack
she was going on bring it over laughing
we're laughing we're laughing for a lot
from the afterlife
I'll do this refit into anything yet all
right guys account number two the
fidgets videos are here and no one at
3:00 a.m. to be honest so one two and
three hours if the one stops early it's
just telling Michael no - it is stopped
I'm stressed I'm very stressed at this
point hold on let me loosen it a bit I
feel like because they're too tight
something's going on in there this is
freaking me out
let's see what's going on these two stop
again then something is up because they
talked all of the sudden last time as
soon as I was saying that they're going
to stop literally going pretty long this
time this one is starting to slow down
I'm stressed I just heard something over
there and bongos on either the room
and so the one stopped these two are
still going because it's kind of creepy
I'm not gonna lie I'm not a ghost guy so
taking a lot for me to be staying awake
and at least talking about ghosts I
don't like talking about ghosts on this
way tonight but this is pretty this is
right this is like this is like and this
was actually going to stop earlier than
this one so I think it's safe to say
that we're good until proven otherwise
so I'm gonna turn the lights on I think
we busted a myth of things being crazy
at 2:00 a.m. but if you guys want me to
try something else
at 3:00 a.m. the three fidget spinners I
think it's just my mind getting the best
of me master like button if we hit like
honestly 50,000 likes minimum
because I'm not a fan of ghosts
otherwise I'm not trying it so 50,000
likes comment down below what you want
me to do at 3:00 a.m. and I'll make it
happen I will make it happen in the
mansion that we're going to be staying
in LA and that will be crazy I don't
know if it's haunted but it is a mansion
so it might be a little creepy there's
probably gonna be a lot of rules to
explore so comment down below what you
want to do at 3 a.m. and that's it for
today
I will see you guys to normal where we
stay a little bit more savage in my main
channel and Oh stay sandwich platter
