good good good good kick a good morning
elsewhere wolfy welcome back to more
wolfy what's up guys oh my god happy
Father's Day to everyone today it is
officially Father's Day and I want to
start off this vlog by giving a huge
shout out to my dad you already know
that this table needs that I do not tell
you this enough but I love you very much
I'm very grateful thankful for
everything you've done for me and I want
to show some love to you so everybody
all my wolf am I need all of you to go
to my dad's Twitter it's at stable means
ok it'll be on the screen right here and
spam this guy saying wolfy says happy
Father's Day
it'll probably come in because this blog
will drop after it's Father's Day it'll
probably come in a little bit late but
he'll still feel the love ok so that's
all the dads out there we could do
dinner without you
my sister's looking at me right now
she's in the house I am in fact a dad of
2 right now these these dogs are not
dogs ok you get down you expect they're
just going to be dogs
no they're full-on kids these dogs do
not stop so shut up to myself for being
a good dad of these two dogs even when
Sylvia is gone I can still take care of
them
and let's get into the vlog I hope
everyone's having a blessed day at home
I love you guys so they're much much
alike but if you guys are excited for
another vlog 35,000 likes for you boom
BOGO hit the like button 3 up Oh whoopee
shut up you try to make your legs hit
the like button we're all gonna die if
we don't have to like button and and if
you don't have a dad laughs it's all
good
we'll see you dad
I taught you guys not to bark at
strangers okay
Oh what yeah what are you seeing I hung
up yeah it's like 20 Watts right tell me
hi tornadoes yesterday and there
tornadoes should be like really black
clouds get in the basement somewhere
what name what this tornadoes they had
tornadoes and really bad thunderstorms
yesterday and like oh really and Barry
and the weather system has moved this
way so they have a watch out regarding
the rain right now
yeah so if you see any dark funnel
clouds get into a basement somewhere
don't drive into the farm I know but you
just get go into a basement okay okay
okay Brian so you guys here to here
first
my mom just warned me that there might
be tornados coming on Father's Day great
great way to start off the day I love
the rain it literally just started like
drizzling a bit so I'm not too shook but
my mom definitely overreact a bit when
it comes to these situations so if there
is a tornado I will vlog it hopefully I
don't run into it yeah it's crazy guys
if there is a tornado you already know
it is the dirtiest place I know the
elbow basin guess where we're gonna have
to hide out we do not like a storm
cellar or anything but I'm sure we'll do
the job because I don't got a basement
my parents basement is kind of whatever
apparently it's supposed to be haunted
so I'm not really trying to chill the
ghosts every tornado comes in the house
and this kitchens kind of falling apart
because of all the pranks that have been
done in this house so it's albo basement
thing but I will I'll keep you guys
filled in on the tornado situation
this is sketch sounds beautiful so guys
we're doing some last-minute luggage bag
shopping because we're going to why
you're going to be in LA in like three
days
oh yeah I'll be going bro look I'm not
gonna take you yeah yeah let's do it
earth maybe even one day no iron you
know how many days so Ryan's gonna cop
this luggage bag I already have myself
because last time we went to LA I caught
some stuff but I'm telling him you need
to find something different that stands
out at the airport so you don't lose it
it's not this one B so this is one that
is very like it hurts your eyes to look
at as well as this one not so much this
one mine kind of looks like this one but
when you buy just like a plain black one
you have to like put like a neon shirt
around it or like attach one of these to
it so that when it comes down and it
goes off the ramp you know it's yours
Ryan's probably just going to get a
swaggy black
listen you don't come up now one
carry-on ties this is Carrie not knowing
that one might be carry-on size this is
all not oversized luggage it's not carry
on if you're going to take the Ellen
nagas carry-on get this one because at
least you can fit more might be a little
more for over boarding charges with
another travel hacks well they can carry
a personal item which is like a backpack
the size of a backpack and then you can
carry like a small luggage bag as a
carry-on when you go onto the plane so
you get anything bigger you have to
check your luggage so if you're checking
your luggage go big or go home for the
biggest thing comfortable guys this
bright green luggage strap is looking
very nice to me right now
oh there we go what I got a medium one
and I come to a smaller one hand and
come to the smaller okay that's the one
man and I'm going to get this to
differentiate my bag from everyone
else's what I'm getting a luggage strap
make your bag unique my company yeah you
should put those on your luggage there's
no one to rob it then order a tenant oh
yeah this is a slide that it shows well
some candles did it I do take handed oh
no one carries a onto the property
okay for anything I'm not gonna all this
travel pillow blow-up set I'm copping
what blood I need that they hate us more
much this is the biggest that this is
exactly what I wanted guys this actually
kills me because literally till like
first time travelers you think you need
everything in this section so like
you're like oh I'm going to China so
I'll need like one of these adapter
plugs does everything I need these locks
I need this I shades an earplug because
it gets loud on the plane holder and
neck - without the neck money okay this
is where I'm telling you you don't buy
any of this literally just buy what you
need don't go too crazy don't arrange
your in packing cubes like Sylvia
it's not an attack bro we're going to LA
what if I don't have my wallet look I
don't want to bring my wallet you know
what if I'll get a Gucci one in LA if
you're wearing a fanny pack get a Gucci
oh don't get it we're back welcome back
to another unboxing stuff with Wolfie on
Father's Day my father's not here
he just want to go somewhere you know
where he is but we got some stuff from
Sam Mel and I couldn't open yesterday's
video I got
when I'm back shut up to Mickey from
Gatineau Quebec for all of the phone
cases Leonard even got six plus six
phone cases seven plus I might throw
this online for the whole squad I'm
getting a phone case Thank You Nikki
wolfy full case you already know what it
is we rep Canada it's late
oh shut up - Aaron from Illinois for all
of these hot cheetos and all of these
talkies these are all on a Jack King
Wolfie Congrats on almost 10 mils Cubs
I'm not simplified but we're working
there please open on the blog don't
forget tonight will be the box I sent my
night booking - don't worry about it
don't ask for the stuff in the box
my name is true ki r ue okay Thank You
true thank you very much for this you
said not to ask about it we got a bucket
some candy
and then the cutest picture I've ever
seen thank you to hit print and we'll be
in your full debriefing right behind you
now ready to dirt nevermind the Orion
you know true says about you this wolf
Sam it says what the bottom let's let it
says make Ryan cater to that dirt - in
quotations looks like make Uyghur to
that dirt - never stop being savage
yeah I know what it is finally my nose a
little bit smaller whoopee go upstairs
you're making too much noise Thank You
Jay your packages hello King Savage
suck mine alright thank you thank you -
son I appreciate this one PS tell David
here let dude and give them the 10 cents
I send you so the 10 cents wasn't even
for me and this guy gave me a broken red
bull container an iPhone case I thought
it was an iPhone but it's just the case
but shadows too soft for that a playing
card I don't know if this one's like
meant to do magic tricks is kind of like
paper and then a whole bunch of like
money so no thank you very much I am
you like my let you can I get the light
honey I don't need that showed up to
Nicole for these extreme heat warhead
worms maybe you can be the first to make
a drink that is sour spicy and sweet
Thank You Nicole I appreciate it
and maybe I can I got to get on it
shout it out to Carlos for the wooden
crafted Wolfie and Savage that is super
dope you guys know what to do here shut
up Michael for the most lyddie Hannah
ever and the one to beam shut out dr.
quack traditionally dope and last but
not least shut up to kya Smith for the
iconic Twitter algae you already know
today's King Wolfie right here and I got
the hoodie on with the hat you're
amazing automatic make you happy let's
get it okay guys so basically you guys
know struggle of daily vlogging
basically you have to wake up and you
have to do something interesting every
day but there's this some days where you
know if you're kicking back it's
Father's Day you're at your dad's house
your mom's downstairs doing no no idea
Ryan Sui is sitting on a chair and
you're like yo what can I do to spice
things up a bit and then that's when
your blood gets flowing and then you
wonder you wander around the house and
you like hey what-what can I do in this
house and then it hits you that you may
or may not have done a video with this
stuff you guys don't know what this is
it's hair dye and it's not just hair
time it's pink hair dye but to spice it
up a little more check this out in front
of your eyes right now is a orange juice
model only because we didn't have a lot
of bottle I couldn't find it so the way
it's going to work is you guys know I
like to be competitive so I have to flip
this water bottle ten times in a row and
if I mess up once then Ryan gets to dye
my hair if I don't mess up that Ryan has
to dye his hair so let me just wrap with
one throw I didn't really measure how
much water is in here so we're just
going to see what's happening here okay
we're good that is a capsule I'm
competitive
that doesn't count so I need ten in a
row on your mark get set nicely but look
at me
once I'm gone okay I thought so too I
atoms that's easy to flip though it is
easy to flip so here to cater I know I'm
gonna regular water bottle not give your
Redemption if you're man take it
okay bless okay here sir you let me do
this three four take this water hose Oh
looks like a regular bottle so when were
deaf here remember okay for a guy in my
hair
sort of like let's go to meadow your
butt here we go this is a couple rules
okay what is it
okay don't get on my expensive chain
you're not getting on my expensive
earrings
oh don't load it up on my head nice
photo shake the bottle guys got a closer
to that she come on we went with a nice
little R to the kid right oh don't get
on my pants thank you know my shirt I
get on the table
Mirai they're hot busy for this modulus
Wow okay it's right yeah
locked in a box yeah you want to put on
yeah this is a frenzy I don't want to
breathe this in alright no present you
shouldn't be breathing a Sin Eater
right Oh what the hell good girl or are
you bringing back a glow for a mohawk
how are you post afraid okay I look more
than that right
you want it all over it seeping into my
scalp like you're spraying it's so
gentle that it's like what my whole head
way rate faster you get any reading this
and I know why are you doing this okay
you need to talk this is all you yeah
we're better
oh my god it's kind of pressed do I look
like Frank Ocean yet Oh charlie it's
like this Frank spray paint directly on
your face acceptance hair dye you can
wipe it off for your putting no untick
this yeah that's going in my face right
you're good you're good
towel hello we're only one top of the
head I want to know I want to look even
what I want even lay even on the face so
I look good you're not gonna look at
this that's gone out the question okay
I'm making it even on your head top so
only don't you it's what you settle on
me are you
in might be in with them look I
know the whole size of my head I'm
missing yeah you want me to do side how
about I don't want just to top of my
head paint yeah I think it should be
just the top of your helmet should be on
the side guys are beat yeah that would
look like them like make sure I don't
look like it easy
no no so good put the look early for
that exactly to me oh oh my lineup I
can't do the light of the physical skin
face if you're a doctor's holding it my
dad's are up a doctor I don't know what
you're talking about in to aggressively
your head I'm laughing today I just wipe
off the face oh yes right there you said
wash it off for them or the cookies oh
it's my head all right let's see the
reveal some science fiction movie yeah
that look like Frank Ocean yet I think
we look the same why what why is calling
Frank so weird
Oh call his fright there Frank Ocean
uh-oh I could be a murderer whatever
this does nothing that's cutting hair
yeah why'd I ask alppain DIY diary face
pink is that it no not what
kids got away you have a little here you
need to wash your face okay let me check
me out of a garbage bag being inside of
a garbage we need to sweat 20 times more
it's kind of fresh okay that's the five
over the decide oh I can do this match
the bathroom on the lily I do match the
bathroom you didn't paint in here pink
hair on top yeah oh my god
I'm laughing guys Maithili but I just
keep it in LA in two days
yeah I'll just diet again okay black
Norma know whatever hair you want me to
die the summer in the Camorra come on
summer is coming up I get crazy in the
summer a few summers ago I dyed my hair
with Dave looking at liberating really I
like it but I do to read back in the day
but Pink's not too violent ablaze so
comment down below what color I should
go and I will get it done by it's got to
finish this up oh yeah it's there's none
Felix right there's nothing left there's
not we're almost there that's the best
you got
yeah okay we're done oh god Oh Lucy I
love you happy happy Father's Day alike
what a beautiful and loving family holy
I especially love this guy paging dude
perfect
please higher your boy because this what
I call Y bottle slipper rural hungry
alright let's see if anyone notices my
hair is a little bit different I don't
think it looks any different so for you
should be good
thank you buddy
oh they're going to know it up here
who's here everyone's out there alright
guys so we we made it slide till now but
Giulia's actually facetiming me right
now I'm gonna see what she thinks
hello what's up what what do you mean
what am I saying
what yeah I'm chillin
no I'm chillin chillin ah I'm really
what are we gonna take you to see that
literally thirty five minutes of talking
what are you doing what do you doing
what are you doing
yeah it shows me you don't look when you
talk to you in the thing it's real for
LA I'm going all out don't worry about
it I need to let your ally I need to
express this is real it's pink
Yolo are you guys feeling good here is
girly bra size real women it's just go
show him what I have it why did you do
this again DeFranco spin it very close
about what you already look like a pink
tennis ball my ankle and turn yourself
into a pink rubber boiler rocky diet
it's real no idea not to watch it going
I'm going on all day like this I see I
am like they don't wash out of pain so
touchy
I cannot look at your hands you've done
this before I my handbag good because
it's a hotshot cake that's why it's so
easy to do they go for water on it No ah
Green Horace alert red tag alert so that
is how you di why Llorona UK for my
suitcase is pimped out now I know it's
mine cuz I got my green harness on it
and oh my i completely forgot that i
dyed my hair god dammit this is beep I
need to wash this off immediately but at
least what doesn't look completely beat
like your boy is my luggage bag because
it's a fresh luggage bag as is but this
kind of clashes with the greens now my
bag looks like Christmas what is going
on but that is the way you want it
because if it's like that then you
already know us so this is fly dr. Bell
you're going to know it's yours so now
that I'm done that it is editing time so
I'm going to edit for a bit you guys can
watch me at it for a bit and now I'm
meeting up with the boys because we got
something special planned tonight edit
time oh just kidding
I completely forgot it's not at a time
quite yet because I got this one tree in
the PIO box and I said I would try it
I got a treasure so I brought the tone
with me daddy know what it is if you
guys have this we're here from shout out
to you we uh we don't have this we do
not have this well you might have this
but I've never seen it in stories but
essentially what this candy does this
warhead sweet sour I don't even know
what is this one candy it says sour
sweet then heat now today I'm feeling
like a savage because sometimes I get
some treats and I get some stuff that
got broken up in the PIO box and like I
won't eat it for my friends later
because there's their mods but today I'm
savage and I'm going to trust this with
my life please do not poison me here it
says expires July 2018
I think that's an 18 that in 18 please
tell me that please tell me that's an 18
ok if not we could die today but y'all
oh here we go
bold what the heck why me
I have never smelled a treat that smells
three things at once so there is red
ones pink ones and green ones they just
look like worms I guess you can try one
of each just give it up
sour the sweet is coming no no no no the
world is a lie the world is a lie I do
not get how it happened
I promise you on everything all my watch
all my parties whatever you want this is
sour for like three seconds let's do a
timer here we go this is the timer of
the warhead candies still tower
sweetness has not kicked in yet okay
three days kick in probably about six a
whoa God he's just acted Fabrice
I really think you and throw oh my god
what is in these candies I really
because they're really good in their Chi
reducing bullying what if you just want
to have a candy casual and you just want
the sour and then the sweet and you
don't want the deathly hot chili pepper
after the sour level is here because I'm
used to tie our candies and I drank the
sour drink in the world here we go
that's it for the world sour strength
this we like all of you
ah the sweetness is probably about a
level here again
I do love candy and I also drank the
Swedish drink in the world comfort all
right
delicious but the thing is I've also had
the hottest drink in the world you know
your mud yeah but oh and this is not
there yet but this is very very spicy it
is still singing my throat I don't know
what they put in here
but whatever it is is Martinus and like
I don't see any ingredients that would
give it a heat database not hot I just
don't think these are same candy okay
you guys Beto I'm putting you two aside
all the boys need to try those because
this is like a candy that you like to
show to your friends and you're like yo
try this and I tell me we think I cannot
look at myself literally I have to hide
my food so is this big here I got watch
though anyways you show it to your
friends you're like describe to me what
it tastes like and within five seconds
they've changed their answer like seven
times this is what the candy is weird I
don't like it
editing takes a long long time
completely forgotten I'll get you guys
on yesterday but I washed out the dye on
my hair thank God because I was tired of
looking like a pink Smurf Mon today I
have been pretty much packing the whole
day so I don't really got a chance to
vlog that is why I'm picking up the vlog
camera as of right now it's 8 p.m. so
nice outside but it is still 8 p.m. we
are early morning in the morning we are
leaving to Toronto and then the next day
we are on route to LA VidCon were coming
hashtag Road to VidCon is finally here
we're out here we're going to be at
VidCon it's going to be lit hopefully I
can meet a bunch of the wolf fam there
but that is in two days right now is the
annoying part of literally packing your
whole life away just to go on vacation
that and organizing everybody when we're
going to everybody everybody has to be
in check which means there's a lot of
organizing so guys apparently I was the
only person that cared about packing
because this is Ryan
pate that's not just awesome no
one's packed a soul yet this is this is
Sean's packing a sweater so I think I'm
one step ahead of the game David just I
was supposed to meet David here because
me and him are going to throw earlier
we're training or some I don't even
remember but David went home and didn't
tell me he was going home so I came here
for nothing
what I'm very efficient so I'm going to
go ahead to the store and get a charger
I'm going to get multiple iphone charges
because I'm sure you guys all know the
struggle of your friends taking your
charger and you losing chargers so I I
basically had three to four charges a
couple months ago and now they all
happen to be gone so I'm about to go cop
some charges again and put tape on them
so that people know that they're my demo
chargers don't please don't touch my
track design what are you doing I'm
joining the 2 meter gang no longer one
meter gang how many do I need what is
this how much is it where's the price on
all of you so
all I'm saying is nobody better touch
these chargers I'm gonna buy tape
customize it no case unite that so if
someone touches these there's going to
be some serious serious beasting this is
what I'm talking about we need to make
sure no one's touching yourself red is a
nobody touch color as well as some
yellow and orange whoo
okay guys so I brought these gummy worms
in ease and I'm gonna make Ryan their
warheads
I see the packaging just chilling so
Ryan's going to tell us what do you
think so like tell me exactly the
experience of the warhead
nah no we're gonna taste it see they not
only do the bags tell me in the order of
the flavor like how make that is go
ahead sweet sweet no sour marina there's
no sequel just like the core we lose our
powers in looking for sour all right
throw this power
that's this tower nothing else
hello ha well we have three flavours
sour then sweet then heat no what the
hell would you get me some fans on them
chata whoever sent these the most lit
candies on the planet literally you get
so much bang for your buck that's every
single flavor I love them like beet yeah
it is kind of beautiful hey Prince we go
Oh Prince left me guys it's a final
goodbye to the dogs before I go to LA
because I'm going to Toronto tomorrow so
everyone say goodbye the Wolfie kiss
please kiss okay good good boy he smells
delicious and we'll say bye to Prince
it's so dark in this house Prince Prince
I can't see you okay we can't say by
this dog cuz he's not coming out Prince
okay guys we got Prince he doesn't want
to leave
she liked here too much already Prince
you're doing and remember your mom
remember your roots okay he's cheese
good boy ah okay wolfram so I'm not the
boy I think I'm gonna see you for the
rest of the night sleep here so that
they can wake me up in the morning
because I really have an issue with
waking myself up dad has to come with me
on the train Dave is probably going to
call both of us
Sean's not here so Sean I'm taking your
bed thank you but I'm and of log-off
here because we have an early morning
for the next two mornings in a row until
we are in LA los angeles VidCon yeah I
know what it is pop in so fast like what
if you enjoyed the vlog that's hit
35,000 likes for absolutely no reason
comment down below this card is going to
be lit okay VidCon is going to be lit
and I'll and I'll hurt your comments and
be replying to a bunch of you guys and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we say a little bit more savage
than my main channel and as always I'm
throwing you guys around
stay savage mango peace
