and you would consider Wolfie welcome
back to more Wolfie guys and today is a
very special day so I need all my light
gang to go down and smash that like
button because it is my birthday today
J your boy is turning 18 finally a big
day I've been 17 for like five years now
and finally I'm turning 18 so you
already know what it is guys
we're finally legal to go out and drink
in Hall which is kind of near my house I
can I can finally go on planes without
my parents a lot of big moves are being
made so everyone coming down below happy
birthday Wolfie congratulations you
finally 18 anyway 17 this year no no it
was that I see you're right what you're
right bro come on I don't even know my
own age I'm turning 17 guys it's liddie
again shout out to myself I'm amazing
like my Twitter glit instagrams live
everything I do is lit so guys just
follow me if you don't follow me on
everything already and if you don't
follow me then I'm going to let this
bird in your house and it's going to
flock it tonight feathers on your face
in your head top when you're sleeping so
you might want to follow me see look at
me are me haedui look at me say happy
birthday please
I appreciate it if you said happy
birthday can you just give me a quack
slow quick quack okay just look away run
away if you want to say happy birthday
Oh what is this guys it's guys squaring
up he's looking me dead in the eyes I
think he's trying to stop Dewey I didn't
do anything to you okay
can you relax do me come kiss me come
kiss me through the phone kiss me
through the wires why are you grilling
me bro I did nothing to you you're a
bird chill you're literally just like a
little bird bro like what are you doing
can you say hi come here come here
I'm shook I hate birds ah hey bruh oh my
god is giving me the death stare come in
okay do you know what you're cooler last
time I was here oh you blew okay well
guys shout out to everyone who is
blowing up my mentions on Twitter today
all the happy birthdays madness all the
loyal wolf am I appreciate every single
one you guys thank you so much I'm gonna
wish you guys all happy birthday on your
birthday as well a birthday Ryan I'm
cheese function very very quick stop by
the boys just to say what up see what
everyone's saying I got to go to my
parents house because I think Zoey has a
surprise for me he's been kind of shady
all morning so let's go see what the
boys are doing testing everything
filming playing basketball but that was
interesting that we are going to my
mom's house sylvie I don't know what you
haven't served
I told you not to spoil me don't do
anything crazy on my birthday I don't
really care about my birthday
it's just another day okay I'm amped for
LA that's what I'm excited for I don't I
don't really care about just another
regular day in Ottawa so I hope this is
not too crazy what what this girl's
going to do but I guess we'll see coming
in hot
no one's even answering the door so I'm
just going to keep spamming the doorbell
right here wolfy jr. hello
Let Me In I will be Union computer hello
oh no 17 again that's how old I am today
package for Sylvia here shut up wolfy
I'm coming in oh no you got me something
I told you guys hey wolfy good day ah
what should have you doing good boy good
boy 17 guys check it out I need an
Instagram pic with this what a nice
little bit your Instagram pics I'm the
last one and this here hold that be good
night Oh new sunglasses creature arms of
you I didn't know my gift isn't here how
did you drink a whole week a one-size
none of this is for me my gift is is
being made it's going to be a few weeks
a few weeks yeah anything special or
something I don't think it well that's
bad
do you see why we questioned my presence
is your birthday present
how can i buy something let me see what
we got here much oh my my sheets oh wow
I didn't realize the happy birthday was
attached I thought there was just this
overnight
oh the full thing where'd you get me my
mama I know why didn't I go crazy City
hey guys I got my nice mug laughs
accountant
Sonia got me a card this might be
sentimental I'll read it off the camel
HankMed belongs to you heart Silvia
thank you for that so yeah ah that's so
nice I'll put this card away if you guys
can tell I'm still sick and living in
the sweat okay so let me put this here
at can open it back yeah yeah I told
Sylvia I don't need anything we know
that I don't mean a thing
yes we know I thought that you think you
can use yum-yummy other butcher
I got your idea yes what I'm full of it
are so huge they are pretty hearty city
I'll hold on look over here reads
watching even the little one who's sick
oh come on
happy birthday dad coming happy birthday
I was eating cat poop no yay was all
good boy good boy
mmm okay let me see what we got here
another one ooh die Gaby candy maker I
coulda got a better present this is one
of the things I know is people at home
but to order this right now
so to hit this is way I can make gummy
bears maybe I'm mega gummy bear and I
can make gummy worms and gummy fish okay
this is a blog right here small beard
that's camo for this thing to drink this
is a slingshot
silly art Sylvia got me a slingshot
daddy elephant's in Dublin oh yeah
how would you just a video girl so she
got me another slingshot this is thin
the air clean shot it's going to do some
damage how's that
that looks pretty entire to be this oh
my god how do you even use this walking
home fine what is it other than your arm
Oh like oh so you have nice ability to
make people fart a clean shot be
prepared guys with vlogs about to be
super leave their little tails all cos
will t-shirt you know
okay bless thank you for that so via
another big box all right we'll do this
small box
lawn darts wow that looks onto a blog
right here trinkle this is a 2-mile
Boateng refer to that log guys elbow you
guys are going to have to put this with
me if you even watch my vlogs anymore
Ryan Jillian watching my blogs buddy not
a real turn Oh turn anything into slushy
and ice cream what up thank you turn
anything into slushy private wondering
oh my god this may be a main channel 38
is lucky I remember you buy-in tomorrow
night anything in the ice orange a lot
trust me yeah giant hands giant hands
all that you're wrong I'm right fun way
to sort out those silly squirrel that's
a mom that's not fun hands really gossip
Annika and lots of other things I'll box
but they did so many things literally
okay so that's it that's it Thank You
Sophia treatment when I'm lucky so guys
my two favorite presents that I got
today with this ball of absolutely
nothing literally it's nothing in a
container I don't know a lot of
containers this shape it's always nice
to pass on your presence so I'm going to
give this one up to Ryan because he'll
really like it and then this year old
candles always nice to know that I'm
growing up and I'm 17 years old
apparently there's something in a
freezer as well as possibly sell to my
sister for making me food
this is my present what well that's mine
yeah track it is this in my pocket give
me yes oh my god thank you so much oh
where is this what the hell is a physics
winter coming 9 years late jeez okay let
me see I'm gonna open those those are my
packages let's see you guys oh we got
things falling off
cookies and cream cake oh my god
not very raunchy I thought it was it's
not or is it my new like marble slab I
don't think you'd like it
well honey loves marble slabs you do so
everyone loves it
are we gonna be delicious to be honest
but my mom loves marble slab over Dairy
Queen so she gets what she likes even
though I love dairy cream cake so we got
that and then what else but yeah now my
vlogs are going to be lit for the next
couple weeks because your boy it
literally has like ideas for Ryan you're
getting absolutely nothing
your gift from your dad and I isn't
going to come in a week okay or two and
I'll give you a hint it's very special
it's taking time to make it and you're
going to love it because is it a car not
a car anybody remind you a lot of you
asked you to all right guys so learn
tips on my mom don't give your son or
daughter their present on everything
slack off and get it to them three weeks
later anyways guys when as soon as I got
that present I will update you guys when
I get it but now your boy hasn't eaten
so probably gonna figure that out
Sylvia is leaving me today at five
o'clock to go to Vegas she's one of that
EBC that electronic blob of Carnival the
house concert in Las Vegas I was
supposed to go but I gotta work okay
guys so I am going to VidCon I'm going
to go to LA for probably I'm saying a
week I might go longer we'll see what's
going on with that but so we have to
leave today at five o'clock so I'm going
to kick it with her and this dog and
their dog because these hands were
family right here good boy Emily these
guys showed up at the house that's how
you know somebody's going down because I
didn't invite them I didn't invite them
so if someone is going down something's
a gwaan you for music one two you all
right you can't even get a Toyota today
Oh Charlie come outside
go sighs from outside obviously the
florist louder you know those ones you
actually need a bless them melted a
kitty yeah Ryan here it's not your
birthday but we're brothers so here you
go best gift of all time that's funny
I know you're gonna like that though
maybe I did
like yeah you're gonna give me that
you're giving it to I'm dizzier prison
hi guys we giggle jobs what how much was
that with money talks probably 20 20
bucks for nothing
nice not cheating me oh here she is
carefully on the fact that you
experienced nothing overall Rob's not
okay it's my gift
I'll take that back honey done so that
Eagle sure okay guys so somebody's on a
TV now let's see my mom's in church
building every little messed up my dad's
not home right now
yeah bday one view like Ryan channel
what name kill what's gone in it a bit
no nothing you got a religion a domestic
to operate video members it is all
cheated before the same guilty yeah um
cheese I'm shadow on now we're good
making they can see the G munchies ki
jai ho are you playing Division I don't
know where one view they're not you make
it means out this oh my god yah
no no no no
shut up rinse surprise no no no every
day my mom is my life I love you so much
in yoga can I tell you a question like
every fiber of my being
pull roughly I forgot to be young cha I
just want to see me have her face on
your 18th birthday I'm sorry Julie
mother and I are extremely proud of you
we are so happy for your success and we
are so happy to be a part of what you
are doing and
only comes once in a lifetime so we won
we should have a birthday for that and
we hope to be around for many many more
turkey and many more years of success so
happy birthday again
but I can't cry happy birthday to you
Charles
and happy birthday we shall know all
about you stop like I tell you about all
the time so if you think you should
remember like don't let her be a good
human being Charles
don't forget about this Karen that you
want to live in a comprar no party too
much
be humble child go get Kendrick Lamar
Linda man anyway happy birthday I love
you let's eat some cake with me just
text me Adam birthday yeah you didn't
take from you in six weeks this getting
filled with seven to five de la 24 years
ago top rocket 24:18 mechanically volume
those are good for us right now
we grind this is a song let's keep it up
and the daily box I will always see this
mad respect to you for doing that
because I would exactly break open our I
say huh cool both very much in the
future tonight we were walking it really
get you support like desert it's all
hybrid a dead Rock no no no no no oh God
ain't going on any more main channel
then you're probably watching this right
now
maybe only not like too many tourists
Apache chief deputy we're making that
finding monetize video in your document
hey that's like quickly and put a where
it won't be make me Danish for y'all
right and hey woody here for you put the
whole team under you and I don't know
it's twenty sorts of weird with my
camera P myself and Don Island hello but
anyway sorrow awesomeness
he's keeping house a Big Brother house
where's a big home Union in your got
annoyed by companies including that
sweater I got make you would bother
yeah and this time being your brother I
had a lot of responsibilities I pray
guys during the nitrous but I had to
hold you kid
I still fell down here sometimes the
pile of thing I'm seeing out this way
stop what we're going to do on this evil
a 5 minute long legs muscular dijon
praying want to look madness
birthday you work on building the rag
but you didn't have no way back in the
day or moment and now they're beginning
to be hungry I make you brother
they up on my birthday and loving most
of you to wonder what day what is that
oh no no no no no is that grandpa don't
give a sh a camera everything I know my
grandpa grammar weird is that normal
that's what you're gonna be in a year
Marguerite this is weird
no my uncle Sheridan Merry Christmas
I don't get all the game without
snapchat for the board I'm going to
leave the very random years but
nonetheless the leaves you can look back
on you're here and know that you killed
it we all know world of the actual world
knows that you can't watch it so you
know what big up yourself because we're
longer than most of your head within our
line well I tend to you I don't even
know which it's you grow from a boy to a
man I knew growing you fer grow it out
that four million in 2000 a million
weekend just got old but nonetheless
happy birthday to the boy trust you and
everything's alright nowadays to eat
what they like most about where that I
think is a whole what every today's and
I want to say I'm going to use as my
brother and I know at the end of the day
I always have your back you up my our
brothers Dustin so many memories that I
have a few that maybe most people they
don't have I'm just happy that I got to
have those special little it would be I
think there's a whole you bringing the
entire group of people around you and
probably you never achieve without you
bringing them up so for that Charlie
thank you happy birthday oh my leg
people are comparing me to my shame they
don't even look with you you're sure I'm
not yet but it will be never fails
probably because he gave me saying very
identical now and look at Charles he's
done something great with his life can
you fall in his dreams and he's in John
it and I'm really proud of him so that I
can see yeah the wolfy reps and twin
cheese big brother and welcome and happy
gripping well Rory Rayner okay
love you so so so so much I'm so proud
of you
we're in London and the basement sharing
a computer does it work I know those
drawers when we're in Ottawa Sookie will
pulling our pants down because our
ruining ready to go in your bedroom that
will did of you and then I have this
like current vision of you looking over
the world
your uncle proud to win it back ride on
territory Reina yard you know and easy
beautiful really hell are you thankful
for
Oh No hey guys shut us everybody for the
video rating let's take over the way
yeah link to the description for the
video go subscribe everyone for that
Ryan sways got over here Sylvia gets a
shadow wolfy jr. not Google feet Bongo
and David and my brothers there a sister
show to everyone except to my
grandparents house we'd shot up Joe here
holy guys look at this so he puts on a
dog mask and wolfy gets shook okay look
at them oh yo yo yo yo yo be very good
shot well Julia gulia is just over will
he will be it's just so via relaxed
friends you're dying come on bro please
please so over the past couple days guys
I've been practicing the floor is lava
challenge if you don't know what there's
just a brief explanation of the game
essentially someone comes up to like a
random group of people or your friends
whatever you say the floor is lava and
then they have five seconds to get on an
object and not be touching the ground
because if they touch the ground which
is lava oh my God look at all this lava
whoopee whoopee hurry up before Safa get
up get up get up whoopee get up get up
get up
oh thank god oh we tried you're dead
you're dead so yeah the floor is lava
you have five seconds to get up and if
not then you're you're dead in my last
vlog I call to the ground as lava I
don't know why I said that it's the
floor is lava so I'm just going to show
you how professional I am right now the
floor is lava Oh what you're dead oh
yeah my mom lived but peep how good I am
at this game now guys I mean I'm not I'm
not expecting anything I just want to
show them my skills of the game and then
really what the play is about watch Joe
Charles the floor is lava
one two how long do you have for we're
living I'm a ninja Monica now it was
easy
I know okay now what now I'll do the
floor is lava no touching the chairs no
touching this swing chair and no
touching like this thing what are you
gonna do the table can't climb on the
railing because it'll break and then
you'll fall down break your neck on your
birthday so floors lava
Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles
seriously don't do that don't do that
don't do that this is kind of walk yeah
it is kind of wobbly the cats can
balance on until tonight
yeah they're like what about you just
okay what come inside okay blue floor is
lava table voila basically what it comes
down to guys is you have to be an
athlete and you have to do jump on
didn't be able to bounce on anything
even if I say these chairs are
off-limits even if I say tables off
limit this table of it the bike off
limit would even climb onto the floor
Baba yeah okay we're still living we're
still living because I'm the best floors
I'm a player out there I challenge
everyone all my will can play me in this
game you'll never beat me
good luck jobs for LA rolls you just
hope the dog did of it no it feels great
sorry what that wolf ah will feed a
second wolfy lava great cool no you mom
oh that's a that's a whack one say I'm
gonna share principal eyes level so I'm
gonna boys house I just finished eating
and we are going to see who dies and who
lives all night
this is gonna be extremely getting
Jeezy's in the sand we got the off wait
on you already know what it is bullshit
but oh my god
okay okay okay we're at the park you got
the boys here we got the wolf em here
and we're playing the floor is lava so
when I say the floor is lava everyone
has five seconds to get off the ground
if you're not off the ground
essentially you're dead where he does
not sort of fits so when I say like when
I just go like before lava
this guy is fully dead everyone is one
to stuff intercept me to there Ryan
sui's okay so we got one guy dead but he
might be in the next round people are
coming up from GB
yo everyone come this way let's just
walk this way you know these good you
know these one if we walk this way yeah
everyone come here come here
let's not run into any kids right now so
if we come over here right now and I go
and you can't touch this place with the
Flies lava yo yo yo yo yo yo
one two
this guy's mud case you're alive you're
alive you're alive come back down
everyone come ok - Floyd lava this goes
absolutely dead that's two dead girls on
her friend that's relationship goes
right there
she might be that she might be dead you
guys might be good okay you guys are
alive you guys are alive you guys are
life whoever does the most crazy thing
this round gets a shout out of their
Instagram so whoever does the most mud
thing gets to shut out the Instagram
there could be millions of people
watching it lessons on a ball so three
two one the flies lava one two three
four you're dead five okay hold it let's
see this guy's mine okay bro you get you
got a shut up what's your Instagram
that's out my youtube channel you can
shut all your YouTube channel I'm
William Ryan vlogs say it again william
ryan wakow
well and bryan vlog okay so everybody I
need you guys to subscribe to this guy
you're youtuber know like you do like
this that's how I started out to guys
and now we're at six mill let's get
everyone subscribe to this man because
he had a nice post and on that point
okay you can see you can shout out to
you can shout out to these guys are on
top of the world you guys are on top
good it shout it out well show your
Instagram oh all of you guys okay Kalon
Oh score Perry mi VI f G H AI bi H
bottle holy shit bro your your regular
at that if you smell it oh you know he's
a fucking regular at that so that's the
floor is lava challenge we're gonna do
one more round real quick oh my god this
goes well yo that's it okay okay don't
drop it don't drop her that's it the
floor still have it and that's a win in
the game I'm never going to enter the
cave guys play this at home play this
with your friends play one-on-one ball
at the court which we're about to do and
I'll see you guys in a bit
you don't want to add your birthday for
the wall what to be embarrassed if this
thing have you ready slide
okay everybody listen up it's wolfies
birthday today this is my brother I'm
gonna sing happy birthday and all of you
are going to sing with me
you feel me okay what up y'all people
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday to you again the
birthday shout out his welcome thank you
guys
what up guys hello my guess when we go
back to the hub bro we'll go back to the
manual it's where we used to play ball
workout look there's a little workout
area you just got to give back you know
I used to trap by the ball for it and
then trapping you don't got it get back
to the using normally oh you got to give
back so you can reel it just get give
someone five there's another five bucks
you know tell them how you give back you
know I like your hair oh no riots ways
it's lit yo your soul a finishing
tonight off I go into a quick little
birthday dinner nothing special going to
the keg probably gonna get some like
steaks or ribs something but I just
wanted to point out Ryan's wearing my
sweater that I gave up right here to me
so I'm like this is Brittany not so
support to the people in your closets my
stuff of so like my Instagram I'd live
this guy schedule around what we can get
twelve ah we just got to the keg I'm
ordering like we're actually getting
started today too because you all know
it's my birthday only live once
getting these baked garlic shrimp right
here if they rented for like the bang
for your buck you don't really get much
but the taste is very good so I'm
starting with that and I think I'm going
to get ripped because I don't really
have to explain getting ripped rip
someplace if you only eat the bones all
right
yes only the boys cement is ripples
close to like the wing bones at the
wings when we go for that I became very
close
come here hop from the wing bone yeah
it's a ripple cake you know I'm letting
Rhynie to me oh yeah give it all to me
and then I'll give us a David because
I'm gonna die and David not exactly
don't die names tonight I just got my
nice baked garlic shrimp this thing's
got tuna tartare from next like Jenga
looking ass pyramid of that and I
brother got peak these guys are too
fancy for me
Wow is it that doesn't love this cheesy
that except your food game I'm cheese
got your cheese from simple month praise
little hot but boys and girls we are
getting it today for the creme whites
the beat what does he look called the V
Tunes doc okay the people are lovely too
I'm a breads mom look what are these
made I'll exact whatever Larry's the
doctor the best ones the ripoff you see
people you know Lynn the block a little
a okay I'm stuffing that easy we're
taking the easy picnic so easy so he's
like all right well fair so I just got
home after a long nice very relaxing
dinner was blessed I needed that all I
wanted for my birthday was just some
relaxation to kick back not do anything
crazy and that's exactly what happens to
shout out to all my friends that were in
the video today and shout out to my
girlfriend especially Sylvia for making
all that happen I didn't cry she wanted
me to cry I was really close to tearing
up on a few points but I had to stay
savages you guys know on the cybers got
so I could be oh you're crying okay
this wasn't Christmastime this wasn't a
time that's going to come up with a
future soon it wasn't none of those
times okay I did not want to cry so I
held my tears in I don't know if you
could see at any point that was pretty
damn close so shouts all my friends for
that means a lot I'm very grateful for
everything I have right now I love
my friends very much I love my
girlfriend very much my parents
everyone's the real MVP even my
grandparent to a couple weird of that
video love my grandparents too now I'm
about to hit the hay there's no dogs no
Silvia here I'm letting Bongo stay
tonight because me and him have to go
somewhere early in the morning which is
going to be a surprise for tomorrow's
vlog so stay tuned for that but right
now I literally got my vitamin C I have
these oregano pills that Sylvia gave to
me and she told me that her mom really
makes her take these all the time please
smell like straight oregano I don't know
what is it number they're apparently
supposed to make you like feel better
and I have the sinus these cold and flu
ones for nighttime so I'm going to take
all these pills and then pass the heck
oh I'm going to bed early it's not even
twelve o'clock and your boy it's like
11:30 three and your boy is going to go
to bed because yesterday I was feeling
absolutely dead so hopefully tomorrow I
can wake up and feel completely
rejuvenated wolf am I appreciate all you
guys obviously that showed me love on
all my social media today my Twitter my
Instagram my snapchat all that stuff is
poppin so it means the world to me guys
thank you so much for showing love on
that I love you guys all back okay every
single one of you except for the person
that hate on me I already like you but
everyone else does with me since before
mail since before Tula whenever you join
me even if you're new to the wolf am I
love all you guys so bear much and
remember to stay savage so and always
just remember to stay savage okay guys
somebody in the wall out there if you
liked it make sure to go down and smash
that like button for a birthday present
for your boy imma let God comment down
below happy birthday Wolfie or happy
birthday Charlie whatever you want I
don't care you call me you can be like
my mom and be like happy birthday
Charles Charles just like that and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit yes average
than my main channel and as always stay
savage Lego
