good morning a a what Khadija poor
wolfie welcome back to more wolfy if you
guys don't remember from yesterday's
vlog at the very end guys Prince is
doing something special you know I'll
just show you so tomorrow morning
getting his balls chopped prince is
getting his balls chopped off this
morning he doesn't know but tomorrow
morning he's getting his balls chopped
we got prints in the car it's the
morning time he should because we
weren't supposed to feed him food since
11 p.m. last night also water so this
guy is like starving shaking you never
know what he's getting himself into but
what I know Prince wants is obviously
for you guys to go down and smash that
like button because he's a little scared
he's never had his balls cut off before
and he's sinking into the side of the
chair a year never mentioned that myself
he never been to the death by himself so
there's new things happening today he's
a little shook but I just hope that the
vet to the pet doctor knows to feed him
like a little bit of anesthetic because
if they give him too much he's like
honestly such a small dog he could like
ko forever we don't want that from
Prince because I mean just a little guy
and we love them very much so we're
headed to the place but it is too early
for this okay guys I don't usually wake
up this early I need to start doing that
but you guys already know that is a look
of stress dog boys and girls he is
stressing right now haven't eaten
Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince your
boy gonna be fine there's a bus driving
in front of us and Prince is kind of
Shepley you're gonna get banned right
now it's okay little man you're good
content is going to hide you tie your
arm up there Prince kiss no no no no no
no the tag do doesn't work love your
prince
bye bye I know and she goes with little
prince you're gonna be fine buddy I love
you don't die everybody I love your
friends hey I'm here with a little
prince oh prince
it's awesome oh yeah we'll just take up
my go see it on the right now charlie
okay hey didn't see to window he will
work that so yeah what do you eat
let's have a go what the heck pizza
what are you that's up breezes a guy
friends oh you picked only because it's
a lot come back tonight ah you might
coffee out literally have a pimple under
my eyebrow got hurt so bad bullies give
me my dad coffee so happens when you
leave a dog home alone for 20 minutes
will you take your other dog to go get
neutered hey whoopee
why so excited I know it's like we've
never seen you in their life
come here give me a jump couple late
little night oh my god
every time it doesn't stop it does about
hey bogey coming okay he got away
good boy whoopee whoopee whoopee okay
okay it's lit when even your computer
knows that it's your birthday tomorrow
yeah I want to thank my parents I want
to thank my girlfriend I want to thank
my laptop for being smart because now it
knows it's my birthday tomorrow and I'm
very excited to turn 17 so on that note
I think I can hear DJ and Ryan filming
inside so I'm going to bring the
doorbell and hide around the corner and
see if I can prank them oh I can hear
deded doing the outro watch this watch
this
because if I'm in this know I know I
know
make sure you put it back shut up oh
you're settling well I could hear do you
like me feels like Donna hello this is
awesome to hear let's go trickshot Dodd
through the railing before I get a
haircut
ah let's go first right okay guys so
after the prince scenario I'm getting my
haircut it's getting too long and I'm
going to LA soon so I got to clean it up
but you need to know that the barbers in
here are likkle mod Chris specifically
till chris is here I'm going to give him
the camera probably won't be able to
understand what he says but we'll see
okay guys scratch any of that Chris was
not working and they're playing some emo
rock music like not not like actual
black music - the guy who fix black and
I guy they're playing like some of his
sad songs so is this like not a vlogging
environment can you mention the fact
that we came in three man's there's will
only one guy cutting and he's got a
haircut zips up yeah we went to the
factory they know they lose I said now
what are you doing cutting all a man's
let's go guys I swear God the guy's
heart attack is in the next aisle over
there gonna go check them out no listen
it's all about listening no no no the
voice I swear to God anyways guys I'm
just looking for some supplies mmm but
the problem is when they ask what I'm
when I'm using the paint for I literally
don't know what to say and then they
have a hard time directing me in the
right order or in the right area but
however I need we're living school have
you ever thought about getting the e6
albums art you know Mercedes e6000
hopefully yeah to local and glue your
money and if you guys you guys so I just
hadn't shown in my main channel video
very good feeling to be done filming a
banger so now I have a billion trillion
pieces of gallium skill and I still have
my likkle digit spinner bearing and I
have a bunch of these molds that I
haven't used our supposed to use like a
video a while ago but I
have them I want to make the most
galleon suggesting anyone's ever seen
their whole damn life Ryan please help
me with the butterfly one last time so I
think he's going to come in and help me
out DJ's also never seen gallium so this
thing's Christmas toughest motorist here
so here we go guys shut up here we go
guys have number two I'm carving out I
want to make like a diamond shaped
fidgets spinner so I'm going to carve
out two sides like this and then remove
them put them on the plate while I'm
milking this gallium right here and as
you guys can see this is a lip little
diamond right there you can we can we
can patch it up you know make it look a
little nicer and we're going to make it
like a ninja fire on this side as well
so just a quick one two one two sharp
edge here it's going to be a lot more
sharp when it's actually metal but until
then like that and then do the same
thing on this side DIY through this
manner literally you can make any shape
you want you can make a male body part
fidget spinner if you really wanted to
you know the ones though the thing that
males have and females don't you know
here we go
cut cut it'll echo here like so and yeah
we're just going to have to make this
little little nature we'll be back here
we go we moved it on the place it looks
a little bit nicer
not that symmetrical but it will do for
now Ryan can you tell from the gear okay
easy Rick would be hit put or you really
think it was your Brittnay don't want a
little time on cheese so they don't give
me this big afro give me a spinach kale
now when you put this in the middle you
realize how good it is
well how we're gonna redo it back I
don't know all right Brooke using the
mashed potatoes well Matt the defender
would be unreal what how how did that be
a real bright as god it was a bitch
just imagine that cynics what boom okay
so that means I should say don't think
oh please oh my god let me do it daddy
I'm sorry yeah you know what it is DJ I
made a disgusting design now I'm going
to get some of this hot gallium out of
here all med-alert and ejected oh no
this one talking move this what I'm
talking about right here
assume yeah call me back I think I have
to go get prints because involved that
child else today
oh yeah I gotta go get prints hello
yeah no one called me okay I'm just
going gallium all right
oh man yo this is an excellent this is
good this is what this is lit and
actually you have enough gallium there's
a shiny ass mirror looking at a little
we're so that we're still good risk of
it this is like surgery do you have to
make sure the gallium evenly placed to
the more evenly place it is the more the
weights going to be evenly distributed
let's hear it and then it'll spin it
because if it's if the weight off Ryan
those first and it doesn't you know it's
kind of old so a little more gallium
just a little more yo you're coming wave
woo here we go first time DJ cleansing
gallium you can tell either gallium knew
and that should be enough gallium now
we're going to put this in the freezer
come back at five minutes and it should
be lit okay guys so it's been in the
freezer for like five minutes
I'm pretty sure we're Gucci right about
now let's take this bad boy out
and voila DIY galleon fidget spin alert
fully dry hole dry now just to make sure
if it spins so we take off that that
came along
chatter - DJ no way it's tucked up stuck
to the please oh no we're Gabriel good
look at that oh my gosh now we just poke
these out this is like this is like oh
my god this might be my most successful
fidgets man this one's for the bully
metal road fully metal now we just have
to add on the tube
like parts of the bearing and we should
be laughing the stock melting and by the
way if he just like literally rub it
hard you have metal on your finger so
here we go three two one
no on your head no no
Galia biggest winner it's lit no it
easy
shut up TJ for making this go subscribe
and link at the description beep it you
can make whatever see if you want I just
recommend honestly getting plasticine
play-doh silly putty stuff like that
that you can just keep reusing cuz I can
make another mold out of this
Ryan's make playing of festivities like
this super-sized for as you touch but
look at that they get spinner alert here
okay now I'm gonna come in here this
behind-the-scenes of Ryan sneaking you
guys what this guy's putting snaps up a
wall snapchat I'm trying to give you a
shout out for your birthday I don't need
followers I just don't need the minutes
guys
I don't know what happened between this
morning but you guys saw how hyper I was
I stay up really late and I go to bed
really late night I can't even talk I
stay up late wake up early so obviously
after a billion times of doing that your
body gets really sick and literally like
my body is your birthday tomorrow I
don't care right let's turn out my
battles every year you get scared he's
hungry older he's too young
okay we get it you just go home okay the
flu is the big the old I'm literally so
sick guys feeling for head it's hot as
hell holy guys please comment down
below what I can do here under the
segment I took dayquil that was all I
took cold effects that was all and took
vitamin C and basal pills causal water
oh the next step is soup we're going to
start this is helpful to get better so I
can be functional my birthday oh okay a
little bit a little spittle Ryan telling
everyone to have scared of getting old
Israel go to his channel don't subscribe
to him okay here just Bama Slama they're
spammers comments with I'm not getting
on a bunch of Wolfie 17 good
I need to let's go for world I'm so
thick right now you have no idea
literally I don't wish this upon my
worst enemy and I have to go outside it
was nicer in there but we couldn't show
them there the girl did not know the
wolf e-juice I let it I think it's just
cuz she didn't want to be on camera she
was she was kind of sugar being on
camera so it's all good just know that
we're lit out here and we're sick out
here and trying to stay positive guys
I'm literally I'm wobbling I don't know
if you wanna I've never been the safest
so quick I was so amped for my birthday
man what's going on that's right two
stores in a row that we got kicked out
for no filming two stores in a row I
filming here every day filming every day
every day the one day I'm sick I'm out
I'm getting kicked out she's kicking me
out all right I gotta something no we're
good we're good
she is kicking me out though because I'm
such a nice guy I'm such a nice guy but
they just want to kick me out of the
store I think it's because I'm
light-skinned and they think I'm teasing
but I told the girl I was like when my
Mertz drops I'll buy your whole section
so then then she got a little mad but
I'm a nice guy I promise I just can't
get messed with when I'm sick and my
birthday is tomorrow
you hire me legit bro it's my birthday
tomorrow I'm several units like try me
oh I'll come here all the time
I literally come here all the time I'm
here every day bro I'm not even a rude
guy you guys know this why she who shot
in her cereal this morning man I'm not
aged on the opposite I'm cheese I'm just
praying I'm sick with you buddy I know
you got your balls cut off
come here come here Prince Prince good
boy okay Wolfie you're too excited my
prince right now guys Prince I feel so
bad for him because I feel really bad
right now but he feels really bad he's
under the anesthetic now he's super
tired Chris hey okay I know I love you I
don't know prince is crying too crying
on the couch by himself
I'm gonna cuddle up with him for a bit
good point Oh God guys literally last
night was brutal
because I passed out on this couch
probably from the like around like 7:00
p.m. until like 11 a.m. this morning I
don't know what hit me yesterday but I
was just super sick so I didn't get a
chance to end off the vlog
Silvia's outs about running errands
today like your boy is dying so I'm
sorry about that but just know that I'm
still alive my throat hurts a bit but
I'm gonna end the vlog off this morning
I hope you guys enjoyed if you did you
already know what it is you should go
down and smash that like button let's
hit thirty five thousand likes wolf em
you like gang go down hit that like
button also comment down below get
better well because I need to get better
literally I'm in the second minute and I
already know what to do anymore of my
body
ah this is bad guys but I'm going to
power through it and keep dropping
bangers and heat on your head top y'all
know what it is now see you guys do it
on mobile pee where we stay a little bit
more savage my main channel and as all
seasons like
