good morning and yo what's poppin super
wolf the end all I gotta say is well I
needed a way back with the rest of
eating away away
oh oh I can get no rest we and I
honestly would take refills on this
channel and we in the house geez what's
poppin wolf mi hope you guys are having
a blessed day
your boy woke up I stayed up to like
five and mi say but I think I'm not
overtired cuz I got so much energy right
now so smash the like buns Riley no
reason let's hit 35 not let's hit 40,000
likes on this video will fam welcome
back to another vlog I am on my way to
the boys house don't even know what
anyone's saying today but you guys know
we always just play it by ear there's
never any plans but we always make shit
poppin we always miss it lit so you
already know what it is if you didn't
wake up with a smile today
don't worry just know that daddy will
see love you and I'm there for you and I
support you so sure - all my savages if
you know me then I'm a savage so we just
a savage to do the bad situations and
we're always crazy crazy crazy crazy
anyways guys I don't know what I'm
saying let's go I can hear filming
inside so I'm just going to ruin it here
wait guys this is what we're going to
try and attempt to do today I got a
boomerang in the peel box a while ago
never threw it but your boy is going to
try and throw a boomerang the first time
live on camera hopefully I don't
disappoint my Australians with this
kangaroo on the front so we're just
going to go get some nice little juice
or something to power me up and then
this thing's flying for the love of God
I need you guys to stop this why is
somebody out catfishing using my picture
with wolfy jr. he's innocent he did
nothing look at the description says on
6 1 I'm currently in college I love dogs
and I'm independent sorry it's dark but
shut up to Sarah for exposing this guy
talk to you in a second guys please for
the love of God stop using me stop using
my dogs to get you guys some girls ok
where does anything people I'm white
step will be unions too cute for this
and I'm gonna expose every single person
who's using
the catfish that's the goal expose
everyone 2017 so all the boys left to go
get food they all went to go get wings I
wasn't really feeling wings so now I'm
solo dolo in this huge field with my
boomerang never thrown out in my life
before I don't know if I'm supposed to
throw it like this or this side or this
way so don't make fun of me if I mess up
how to throw this let me take stuff out
of my pocket in case I have to chase it
down us and let's go see if I can throw
it and get it back to myself that's the
end goal first throw okay that was a
huge fail
okay I didn't come back
it is terrible come come come come come
okay it's not coming back guys
oh yes oh my god this is fun
aggressively
there's moving just spun aggressively in
the air I don't you guys could see that
it just was drilling me in this in the
air then it came down and smoked me in
the arm so I think I got the spinning
tactic the first four throws were like
kind of like discussing they were
terrible I'll give you guys a POV shot
so you can see what's going on but this
boomerang just smoked me in the air I'm
thank you I appreciate it bloomerang
let's see what we got oh so that did not
come back in this latest at all ha how
did I do that how did I do that I feel
like this would be easier with like a
wooden boomerang they have more
structure and they don't just like Bend
on you and you go like this but attempt
number two just a light throw okay that
didn't come back okay let's try again
ah why is it so hard please come back to
me what back it didn't come back I'm
going to give up it was a one take you
know when you like literally first try
something and then you get it on like
the first couple tries you think it's
easier than it is and then you realize
how much harder it is because that was
completely luck the first couple times
that's exactly how I can explain this
blu-ray this thing doesn't come back
like you throw it and it just goes there
so it would help if the boys were here
you weren't eating your damn wings I
could use a throwing partner all this
fields and you okay I didn't get a line
there huh it's my body comment down
below if you have like a really funny
all this field line all this field and
you still play in ball
my god
this is hard
shout-out to whoever sent me this but
your boy I have no idea what I'm doing
literally I don't know how to throw it
and respect to all the people that can
actually catch it I mean I kind of
caught it but this is hard and one day I
think I see my sister tell me - I sister
on the Left dribbling a basketball this
girl can hunt dribble how to throw a
boomerang and make you come back you how
to throw a traditional shaped returning
boomerang this one slapping me with an
ad but it has a 202 point six million
views on this thing so I'm assuming that
this guy knows he's talking about
everybody and welcome to boomerangs by
Vick I would like to announce the winner
Bayside Orion which is the airfoil side
all spaces you went wrong to leave it I
like to throw with it with a UH pistol
grip pistol Gregor's around the tip
scary ok sooo fingers I've got a very
small breeze today coming right at me
you're going to throw just a little bit
to the right a bit
throw to the right I'm gonna be like
this I gotta throw right out that way
thank you for that
and actually did the opposite I landed
just back me so the breezes actually
maybe this dude literally flicked it
with his right hand this way and then it
spiraled around came all the way around
to him this way somehow so so that I
just watch let's try it out please do
not fall camera my camera is literally
bouncing on like a fence that's wobbly
but we got limited time to finger
technique it didn't work I gotta take
this down literally and went out to the
right did not come back so this guy's
lying to me why are you lying to me
Jimmy to finger technique you said throw
it to the right and it should go around
and come back two fingers Jen gently
toss okay we're done
DJ stuck in the bloomerang he just came
back from the gym let's see if it comes
back what's it gonna be called I don't
know it'll be on my vlog channel more
Wolfie one more throw DJ let's go okay
this guy's oldest guy though anyways I
was throwing it I ran into two of the
most loyal wolf em shout out to these
two boys you guys want to show anyone
else ah your friends that weren't here
who wasn't here Joey Joey
hi junior idea Nicola Dimitri yeah no
okay dope Nicholas Adriano Joey and well
yeah and Isiah shout out to you guys at
the park chuck in the bloomerang you
guys want to throw for the vlog team
okay all right go ahead go prop it off
you know they're gonna try throwing it
wolf em everywhere sixth-grader licking
a broad doesn't work it does not work
bro I don't know I looked up a tutorial
nothing works
if you can throw it and make it come
back I'll give you $100 if you can throw
it and make it come back you have one
try so if you actually gets this this
might be the richest kid in the world
yeah yeah yeah
okay you have one try $100 you have to
throw and come back it has to come back
to you oh it was like no hey wolf am
five-year-old talking oh yeah yeah
don't hit the house go hit those this is
all you five year old versus boomerang
you know those ones come on whoo
not blood their five-year-old holy guys
this is what's poppin today pace average
G shout-out to those kids I gave them
the boomerang I didn't know how to work
it and they were heavy wool fam so I
gave them the boomerang they're amped
about it they know who everyone is in
the crew and the guy who I gave the
boomerang to he literally told me he's
like I went to foamy boga and got p17
the exact order that I got because of me
so influence is real out here shows two
people getting my friggin my exact order
fo yeah that you're the men hey guys so
basically we're driving around in Ottawa
we just want to go see some houses I'm
healing in the night seems like I said
this morning so we are going to go see
how many people wave back to us when I
wave at them right until you subjet old
lady 15 I can return but the past couple
people I did too was all cringe because
no one like they didn't know what was
going
they didn't know who's going on so we're
going to see how many people you can get
their way back and then how many people
we can get to cringe before
oh okay hold on I'm going to pull up to
someone at the light and give them a
cringe cringe barrel let's see if this
guy lately is laughable I don't know if
you think attention but no no no no
there's no one's day/night and what's
going right now we're only type of you
so I got her no this is why Italy like
there's a lot of crazy stuff happen in
the world day because no one's nice I'm
literally just trying to be nice and
wait and no one's saying hi
oh so sweetly yeah so social expense we
went viral in 2012 I wish I call it
heart waving at random is a genetic
trait yeah I'm making the world a better
place
I'm like lower caste yes go nation the
world a better place
lower case done $500 left on the ground
challenge gone viral little blood whole
pipe off hold on hold on bless up Chris
one more please can I get one wave now
guy over there
slowly
oh okay we'll be back guys look at how
far this girl is parked from the guy get
your shit look of it why so far there
isn't it so far gone challenge I don't
know how we keep anything back up the
park because I cannot sit inside it's
too beautiful of a day they even brought
a tetherball
they put a ball on it they must knew
that I've been coming here playing at
the park but now we're just shooting
hoops I'm actually Loki addicted I am
working on my shot good Ryan I'm the
dunker mine and he is the layup passing
one get him with a step back on your
head Dave on the head table oh my god oh
jeez
yo let me drain one in your head I hate
number I'm not a baller but we worked on
my feet Oh shoes another rapper but I'm
not a baller but I've been working on my
shooting club someone's calling me
yeah long range long distance you guys
so much you got there I got you on the
rebound so once you got kneed yeah oh oh
so much you got there round then
Oh oh wow
sure going with the sauce this is where
do we do facets of everything is sad oh
my
it must be Charlie they must be sure
yeah yeah oh no look
teamwork let's go all right let's see
what you got even though it's about
boredom flash okay we have a lot of
people that you're trying to affect look
guys one I'm doing a eyes-closed side
okay here this is double rim I think
he's over him guys for all my bodies out
there other people won't know but you
play ball double rim it's it's actually
a whole different game eyes closed yadda
hello alright guys welcome back the
first edition of basketball that is at
least I got my whistle I'm teaching
these guys how to play ball as you guys
may not know IMG back slaps while
playing on YouTube hands down no one's
better not anyway but I'm giving some
lessons we're going to be doing a couple
of drills and see use better between
Charlie and David David and Goliath play
donkey klay Thompson is not known for
his defense but okay get lower get lower
David Lord oh that's oh I don't know
what you buy couldn't tell if he was
left-handed or right-handed Charlie with
a shot oh okay well visible um okay okay
that's not what we've been working on
but it's okay okay they're learning
stuff David show me you got all post up
Oh toss up the bigger defender I don't
see the reasoning in this watching but
it's okay oh oh oh what oh no that was
cool that was close but that is not what
we're done I didn't you some nothing yet
here solo 1v1 Wolfie versus demon loser
ascent outdoors oh oh oh okay okay I
didn't teach him that but okay he
watched way too much people okay
Charlie's the kid that plays street
volume to a lot as a child so actually
when we were growing up we played a lot
and I
I owned it and I let them play sometime
so if you only know that right David
still fighting for the bomb
oh come on go strong David go strong
David oh I don't like this oh she just
came from a joke to actually playing 1v1
guys are playing 1v1 oh oh oh Chinese
competitors scary really scary scary
oh no these are top are you guys are
competitive how to be a better oh I
think I might've missed it wow oh my god
okay I wasn't that wasn't easy but I did
the lamella mob lamella ballpoints
released Jesus wet holy this was just to
be a joke but 1v1 James versus Ophion I
saw Charles yo oh no oh no no oh my
goodness guys hey yo what's that
what rock oh you just love the music
wolf am just know I started playing
basketball
two days ago just be right so you know
one-on-one whack
I've lost last logs we're dunking up the
place we've been working on a couple
done for for staring like that if I easy
stuff everyone cross our leg way Oh
first time if you could get it big boy
hey guys welcome back to the first twin
video of YouTube these are the new twins
a liking to the music there you go Meli
beginner and high five and angle sure
you're not wearing thousands of dogs on
your hands
this is this stuff disgust and all 1760
Bozek baby log yeah no real bracelet
then he went to Cancun so the dream is
over you don't live in a zoo
are you a child guy has a Cancun
bracelet on we're all in the same car no
no no no no you're making me drive de
nada
Ron's not be misguided now you're coming
okay okay the thing is actually you
might not see the whole game yeah yeah
we might not to say we could cut it any
woman that's gonna be a dill tank and
guys that's how you crave your friends
um I just wanted to be in the cool car
welcome back to another episode of
carpool karaoke are you leaving
that's under your beer guys so there's
this new challenge going around mad
people linking to me on Twitter it's not
that if you seeing you lose challenge
stop it if you wrap you lose challenge
this one is way harder it's if you rap
you have to restart the video challenge
though you literally have to it's like a
14 rap you have to reach I have to
restart the video
JK we're probably gonna grab the same
crap you have to restart the rapture
what if your app you really got yeah you
reach okay these are those are pissed
enough if you rap you have to replay the
video 15 minutes long so we're going to
drive so we're gonna play it and on the
way on the way and we might just listen
to the same songs we're heading to like
a kickball game right now the boys are
in kickball and my camera's probably
gonna fall so if you if you rap you
restart let's do a few things you start
again excuse me so here we go I'm gonna
put it on the on the sound system of the
car so we can listen to it nicely
okay so here we go we're going to start
playing nobody and I mean nobody should
sing a rap so we don't the restart it
even control purposes which is going to
be Dave
but you see who's ready here we go any
heavy no rule yourself oh we met them
didn't they did have Louise in real life
where's complete thousand dollars while
he's got donkey damn you're a pilot in
the cavitation game don't get me because
it games carriage in not will never get
me sex if anyone's gonna make it back it
probably goes Pacific we will
jeez I'm sorry listen call reset on me
I'm gonna hit do for example is it yeah
I know that no no no hands behind your
are we met them
we're a big but what about you believe
this 50 first dates were just cute
forget it but it goes like this
I'm playing a guy behind cheating cuz
right mr. challenge only for attention
to meet someone with so uh kind of
structure as we go thank you goes cause
believe me guys
I never had the time if you see what's
going on wife I think we're going to
come on a boat off bra having mmm over
missile track no heavy bottom again
David John is a challenge ninety little
mantra getting organized the breathless
Metro what is this David
so much people a ball no time I only got
now oh my god go to hand movements in
Raqqa and alright what's up guys right
love my mama on my mama my daddy yes the
ass is yes as you pronounce it all my
mama Ryan oh maybe I should kill on
YouTube gay bro you're not be Lou give
me on okay give me that beautiful
anyways we're gonna continue the heat I
bought my mom a great show yeah 24 can't
be little boy I'm gonna reset this is me
okay okay play games like a Buick on
trophic scale the second ring
I never did young man on my team soluz
checks we're resetting the vid what's
wrong
seriously oh no no all I gotta say is
this you know this one okay we're not
going to affect my mom mom
give me halfway through the video
anybody please oh I don't have it I'm
over her over here if anyone can
actually beat this song
what widow's back cannot sing this song
then take me on Twitter because there's
no way that anybody who is actually a
fan of rap can make it through the whole
thing without wrapping one thing okay so
we lost whatever so Pasha like button
let Neal show the right ways like the
description played out to me guys you
got a link in the description below me
kill ya oh no no world we're going oh
yeah guys I hope you enjoy now see you
guys soon time do you guys are on the
field for the game I'm not there I'm
just in my area of the officials area yo
you guys go in the unofficial area I'll
be in the officials area yo yo
cab me Mikey Mikey's MVP Kevin Pilar
right there see jobs on the field and
Sean is on the field as well David shirk
them as much as possible yeah I wait
good job buddy
nice that's out that's three outs yeah
what are you clapping for you did
nothing
Kyle is community we talk Jack was gonna
come dad's like huh we're just proving
why he should did her invite us anywhere
again come here we're done chirping
thank God it's a beautiful day all right
now cuz kickball is loaded so bored to
watch a little bit booted and then
someone catches it three times catch
catch catch and then they go recycle
cycle cycle catch catch catch psycho
psycho psycho okay guys so Sean and Jade
are up we're going to see what their
shots what their kicks are like no Vince
LaSalle from recess he would kill this
actually dad just pitched it
Oh catch why is it lighting so horrible
you know jabs up on the pitching deck
boys support your boy play that
curveball yo Lou
we go shadow yo come on bro why are you
taking it out on the girl got up attempt
number three curve it curvature curve it
and I click little evil Baba bite nice
kick they at first at first no for a
second yo Ryan pay attention the game
your David your boys playing come on
support yeah let's go dad
Sean's kicking jad - Shawn this is on a
highlight reel come on Shawn messy
it's like bro you want to be on the
highlight reel or not Shawn not a boy
Shawn okay
jab at em number two it's your messy
Shawn is kicking at me hey run run run
run run run run
nice kick though Shawn good area David
you've been talking it all day if you
don't take it at least bro please right
now you know you're gonna kick you and
you're gonna clear out I'll get a kick
Shawn are gonna kick here walk me John
well I got to get you out though every
order I gotta get you out that's ten
free matting okay guys subscribe to
Santa's Channel Neil and Sandy all right
now I'm go ahead I'll put all my
students a sorry I'm like the worst
camera person ask Neil
the Wolfie thinks he can play a kickball
also known as soccer baseball so does
David parity let's see
I couldn't even kick it in strikeout
oh I've considered a foul guys hit the
phone oh it's a foul well you didn't
break a nail
okay sway this up
no sale he's going to catch it
Oh caught by Sean wait you suck Oh
rustic place wolfies up next
probably the strikeout no but it was a
great kick I'll give them that
okay David Jan you're out plays again Oh
patty with the catch biggest move yet ah
almost almost face comes in series like
food man comes in Sperrys then let's
just try to boot it woohoo and talking
okay you would have been how could you
ran through the base ways it's right
here
big big big news wolf family gee I
didn't know Prince I need everybody to
comment down below
congratulations Prince because Prince
has now passed puppy lessons he went to
all six of his classes I didn't go to
any of them
Sylvia went to all of them but basically
he went to all the classes so that's an
automatic graduation the first class he
was to shipped to you gear on the dogs
and now Prince hello he can be around
other dogs and still do tricks without
like wanting to absolutely jump off the
cliff so congratulations
comment down below hit the like button
for princess person motivation what
tomorrow morning very very big tension
he graduated but tomorrow you have to
get his little wheelie thingies chopped
off okay you don't know that Prince and
you can't understand what I'm saying but
tomorrow you're going to be very mad
you're going to be annoyed wolfies
already been through this process Wolfie
right that's how you don't hum things
anymore but prince has to go through it
as every dog unless you want them to
have babies because this dog is too
horny he walks around at home Sophie and
all this stuff so tomorrow morning he's
getting his balls chopped and then the
day after that it's my birthday I'm
turning 17 happy birthday to me I
already care what I do for my birthday
doh
as long as everyone else stays lit on my
birthday it's lit anyways I just got
home so Z is here and I don't know he's
been outside enjoying all the day and it
is a gorgeous day outside you won't hear
that too many times for me because
usually it's not that gorgeous I think
so via filmed did the dogs puke on your
ground but dog pooped on the ground and
Prince in honor of you graduating you
get a treat honey everybody coming you
had a big treat because you graduated
friends come here look at all this food
Prince you get it all will pay you don't
get transferee going Rick give me please
you had a lot of treat okay guys Stanley
Prince's hot bear treat so he doesn't
even care about treats at the school you
don't want Mikey Prince me come on come
get your treat he's cheese he knew she
just figured out he has to get his ball
shop tomorrow I find find Prince going a
little hiding spot Wolfie go ahead going
to treats
good boy good boy come on
Coffee funny
what just cutest dog in the world wake
up buddy wake up it's time for bed bunny
time for business maybe you can hear him
like making baby noises hey buddy
whoopee stay awake his eyes are open but
he's fully past oh oh my god whoopee
you're killing Prince I see you don't
try to be part of the crew a year when
you're under the table sky what are we
doing okay wolf am I have to be really
quiet because Sylvia is filming right in
that room next to me and she speaks
really really quiet when she film so if
I'm loud I'm gonna pick up on the
microphone actually you know what
Sam I don't care I'm a yellow good you
guys but it's much like but she's
probably gonna be mad at me though
that's wait till she turns up again ah
ah anyway there you go guys are got to
be really quiet so I'm gonna end the
vlog here if you enjoyed it you already
know what to do go down and smash that
like button like I can't be louder than
this got to be quiet cuz I'm not
sleeping that girl's family is just
ridiculous also comment down below be
very very quiet become at that I would
like your comment and I will come back
to a bungee Allah do that la is
approaching very soon so guys stay tuned
for those vlogs those folks are going to
be lit my birthday's in like a day
pretty much twelve o'clock and then
actually it's 11:59 right now but I'm
just going to assume it's twelve o'clock
and then next week the vlog should be
absolute bangers because going to LA
going to VidCon meeting some people that
you guys are probably going to really
really like so get after that and I will
see you guys doing on more where we say
just a little bit more sense in my main
channel oh wait David Savage Oh
