those how welcome back to more Wolfie
guy to early
like I said in yesterday's vlog Kuna
clip I gotta be up early as hell
tomorrow don't mind how I look in the
morning of the vlog I'm probably noise
Dookie today's that day guys too early
in the morning and the only reason I'm
up right now is cuz I got to drop off
the car and this guy is leaving us I'm
coming home I'm coming home let the rain
wash away I don't know guys the ubers
here right now for Homer he's leaving
this is the dream I never thought you'd
leave us but you know that just means
we're gonna party tonight because I'm
just excited this John finally smashed
like 135 thousand likes before we begin
the vlog because uh I don't even have a
reason just because I want 35,000 likes
let's go walk home we're out to his hell
you're going back to real life Jesus as
if
let make sure I've some key things car
keys passport
Oh
No
Oh Mari
have a safe flight don't come back leave
where you're going home yeah yeah no I
really miss you can say flights you guys
have no idea how hard it is do stuff in
LA where you have three days we only
have two now the squad is back this guy
is gone this guy is gone y'all gummybear
go my back you're fucking Oliver Oh
Martin's gone guys no I'm just kidding
we're gonna miss him it was actually
dope having Omar out in LA when I first
said it like a month ago I was a yellow
vehicle can jokes if Omar came to LA and
then I was like yo are you down and I
kind of forced them to one night and
this guy actually came to LA cuz he's a
real so thank you all for coming la we
shot a music video out here for him guy
made a song out here but now it was time
to go you know some people have to go
back to real life my real life is
YouTube so I'll never go back to the
real life anyways it is too damn early
right now I have to draw off the whip
which kind of sucks because like having
no whip in LA
sucks but it's gonna look good oh that's
all I know just drop the baby off I'm
gonna miss this thing that's two things
gone in one day so I just dropped the
car off it's officially gone and
literally last second I was like going
through a thousand different colors I
wanted in my head and I still don't know
what color I want to wrap the car but
basically the guy said they're gonna
start wrapping it like later on today so
hopefully your guys comments can help
sway me on a color I might have to like
pick a bunch of my favorite colors and
then pick them out of a hat there's some
right now me and Ryan after uber back to
the basement we're probably gonna grab
food I'm stressed this kharabeesh it
shouldn't have me stressed but I let
little things have me stressed so I just
hope everything works out guys they do
not want you to eat healthy it's 9:47
a.m. tender greens opens at 11 a.m. and
look at this sweet green where we get
the salad opens at 10:30
literally what the hell on a day that
I'm craving salad in the morning I'm so
friggin hungry
can't even get salad like this is just
me out like I'm gonna see if there's
like a subway near me because I need
food like right now cuz there's a subway
in nine hundred meters three minute
drive how far walks there's a Denny's
where's that took more depends
pickled fish avocado oh my god this
looks today
so guys you just got home and I've been
looking at pictures of different colors
of cars because like I said it's not too
late to switch the color of the car the
guy's not gonna start wrapping it until
tonight and then he pretty much has all
of the materials he needs for like all
of these colors so here's the colors
that I'm thinking obviously these are
not all the color options and there's
like a billion different color options
you can do with wrapping your car you
can get patterns you can get like
Campbell like that but I'm like a plain
guy when it comes to this so these are
just a few options and here's what's
going on in my head when I'm thinking
about these options okay so basically
the first one is like matte military
green this is on outie this is not what
my car would look like obviously I want
to black out the rims get tint the tint
and the rims I think are gonna change
regardless of the color but the matte
military green is kind of cool
I literally have been wanting this
forever the first car I ever wanted was
like a Range Rover and I switched up
like a billion different cars since then
I've never got a range I don't know if
I'm gonna get a range anymore that's a
big body vehicle and I think like for
jeeps and big body vehicles and like gee
wagons matte military green works it
might not work for my car but you know
it's always an option on the table next
up is like a dark satin blue this car
literally pulled up on the lot but I was
there so I kind of looked at that car
and I was like yo this coast get crazy
there's like an ex fight or x5m or some
BMW so I was like this is a pretty cool
color so I'll just give you guys one
more look at that all of the like the
satin colors and like matte colors make
the body of the car stand out like a lot
more so that is my logic for that over
there next up on the chopping board is
literally this might be the color I'm
going with and I know it's mad boring
but in the night time this car looks
fuckin retarded ly sick so this is
literally just called murdering your car
out it's like when you get gloss black
with black rims black handles black
everything at the darkest tint so that
the car is as black as possible and
honestly for me when I think Mercedes I
think like luxury and like more classy
so like I don't know it's like the sad
look or anything like that would ruin
the car I know I'm like GTRs because
they're like school like race looking
cars they work well with like really
like out of the fuckin ordinary colors
and like that but when it comes like to
Mercedes and stuff like that especially
because it's not no GT or has that body
shaper any crazy race car look I feel
like if I get a color or pattern it's
too extra on it it'll look kind of weird
so obviously you cannot go wrong with
gloss black everything which is
murdering the car Oh next up is
obviously my baby guys this has always
been one of my favorites every car I've
had so far I've made satin black with
black rims absolutely blacked it out I
mean my m6 was pretty much that so you
guys have seen what that looks like on
the car that is also up there for me
because I can love satin black it's just
so dope another color scheme I'm
thinking is red and black like on some
gloss red and gloss black it looks cool
with like an i8 because it's like a
two-toned car which is dope red has been
my favorite color since I was a kid and
then black is just a color that works
really well with it especially when they
when you mismatched them so that's one
of the options on the table
another one is shut up to Silvia I made
her get this color this is not just
white it's like satin frozen vanilla so
in the light if you look at that car and
that's a Mercedes to it like shimmers a
bit it's kind of like pearly almost so
satin weight is another option and then
last but not least is this brush black
now if you look at this I don't know if
you can see it but this is like
you can see there's like texture to this
okay this is not my car again but you
know there's texture to it literally
looks like it was brushed on that's why
it's called brush black it's kind of
like it gives it like a grainy look I
don't even know how to describe it but
it kind of has it shows the body shape
of the car just like a satin or matte
color would do so those are all the
options on the table
there's a bunch I'll show you guys one
more time really quickly you got the
military green we got the satin blue we
got the gloss black palette we got the
satin black down red and black white and
black breast black there is a recurrent
theme as you can see with these colors
and that is that I love black card slot
cars I don't care what anyone says
they're the dopest the most classy the
most simple so those are the colors I'm
thinking of unless you guys can think of
some insane
options I'm probably gonna put those
into a hat later on today and pull them
out and then text the guy back
immediately cuz he has got to start
working on it tonight but I won't help
your options until I drop my vlog so I
can read the comments so I'm gonna do
that drawing hat later out of the vlog
for now though what are we doing Gabri
back this guy's still in recovery from
Cancun is in Cancun for a few days what
are you doing when your photographer
does the most for the photo and you
gotta bring him a towel because this guy
jumped in the pool to get the photos no
non-scheduled under way no no no yeah
your oh you know guys we just pulled up
to Starbucks and I'm with the man the
myth the legend so you're we are in the
flow menu but can we do it again yeah we
can do it right now all right yes
actually awesome we didn't learn in a
whole menu again yeah I'm having a great
day how's your day yeah yeah my day my
day is great um can I get your entire
menu can I get your entire menu
yeah I'm having a great day too so
Frasier always does these by anything
challenges speaking of this was brought
me to a 99-cent store he's gonna buy it
literally a couple hundred dollars worth
of 99-cent things we're gonna see how
many things we could buy it
Ryan's gonna break the window before we
even get in we're getting kicked out are
you kidding me literally like not even
one minute in this fuckin store they're
actually racist already they're calling
peanuts Redskin peanuts it's like why do
they have to be a skin color man I'm
over it yo Ryan you know what time it is
it's time it's breezy baby whoo here we
go don't move I have something for you
what are you free bitch what did your
bitch what are you trying to get at no
they just have something for you it's in
the other section okay what is it
it has something any other sensor guys
I'm sorry about that I apologize what
are you kidding me bro stop lurking
girls on Instagram what I thought you're
trying to have a pure life no I haven't
have a pure life but you're the one
exposing them and put them on blast why
are you putting I to yours I'm black I
know you put IG girls on blast throw on
my videos and then they get hefty
followers cuz they're wearing nice
clothes that's the thing super-nice both
clothes and if they work out they're
just like they just gotta work out their
arms if there's guys try hiding in girls
deals you say yeah going smooth you know
soft and silky Oz no I don't slide in
there damn cuz I'd be basic well that'd
be so basic in my vlogs you have a big
role so he needs a gay I have a big role
because you'd get talented just super
soft super soft
bro the thing is your jokes are like six
hundred thousand subscriber jokes row
that's right
yo stop talking bro imma smack you what
give me a reason
yo guys Ryan just found these eggs
confetti eggs I'm a prank people in the
house and throw them at them and they're
gonna get stressed and then the confetti
is gonna come out and then they drop it
and then Confederate Fraser's is causing
it
we're gonna clean this up don't just
want to see the product oh I mean I
swear that's we're sort of normal like
let's go get the broom yo yo yo yo yo
an Instagram made it it's always
reducers I'm copping you know me and
Sylvia about to get nine pack Wow are
you kidding please I don't even have a
joke I don't know how I'm gonna lead up
to this but I could maybe produce a joke
real quick off the top I'll produce a
joke we could just go to my snapchat
right nah yeah what's gonna go into it
this guy's going to a certain part in
the song and it's gonna be like yeah I
got the sauce blah blah blah call me
crazy call me you know what just rested
me out bro
I'm just looking for a little extra body
what the hell would you look at that are
you kidding me
as if this is ridiculous guys they
actually they ran out I was here too
from that guy who was hating on me the
other day here actually out of L's here
it's gonna swept out yo this is crazy
these are open 9 days a week oh this is
crazy
only seven left you know what I hate bro
girls that post pics on Instagram
thinking they're all cute like literally
shirtless makes covering up their nips
and they like they're trying to be so
cute and put looking at them like yeah
you're a cool girl
Oh honestly your puns are they pretty
good but like you're not the best use of
our days or August
so what everything every this guy's a
big fazer I'm Fanning a phrase just
buying everything the dollar sources in
line right now
you lost them for a little bit so we
gotta stop that much sunshine on whoa
hair on fleek
we got the fade unfortunately Sylvia's
not here I miss you so yeah I miss you
twist in my hair - Sylvia is not here
guys my twists are gonna look nappy for
the rest of the day in fact looking for
days to come Jesus Christ the Sun is
killing me baby I'll check out the feet
now but ladies and gentlemen we're back
at the same pic we're out a few days ago
this guy's doing more poses but this
time we got Gabe but this time we got
Gabe on the camera he's rushed me out of
the house to come take pics and I'm not
even in the pics I don't even know
what's going on ooh but yo there's a
friggin crazy view people always come
here and chill right here with their car
it's like a good place to take your girl
or significant other and just look over
the edge I think I swear to God mad cars
pull up here it's not cute every time we
drive home you can see it I see couples
here the Ryan's is taking the thirst
trap shut up my man Gabe he always does
the most for the camera Saltine
challenge banks up o8 in a minute 8 in a
minute bro cue the timer you fucking
pussy swallow them too buddy yeah
freeze
pretend Leggett show them on your mics
and we'll teach you how to do but what
colors the two two types of grapes are
green and red
grape soda is what purple yeah it's fake
grape juices perb also fake we're cheap
you'll perfect the mochi on your phone
the grapes they're purple society's
widely accepted the fact that grapes are
so when you go to store it you see green
and red grapes price oh my goodness guys
literally I didn't vlog anything but
there was just some crazy meeting we had
this whole table filled up talking
business and let me go troll one of
these guys down here hopefully I can
find one of these confetti eggs yours
there and here these eggs left no no no
no there's grapes I'm gonna feel great
the rug stress them out and see if I can
get him where'd they go where'd they go
where'd they go these are green grapes
I'm a small rug yeah that's a green
grape alright thanks for the great I'm
so annoyed like unity are you kidding me
Gables upside you're betraying me from
another user that's like okay now you
did it to the friggin random people of
the store and now you're doing it to
come on camera get back at it again
let's see Bank alright what's next I see
you want to see another that's not my
baby
honestly before we react to this we're
reacting the case I are in trouble real
quick everybody knows what's been going
down cuz ksi and Joel Weller are about
to scrap in the ring to face one ring
face up the ring to one aren't even the
whole one fist of the Ring oh yeah that
sounds good anyways these guys have been
beating for a while
a lot of people thought it's real a lot
of people thought it's fake I happen
that's your inside scoop then it is real
okay I'll let you guys know that but yo
sit up they go oh Jesus before reacting
the song who he got on the fight and
they don't copy my answer okay I know I
have the undergone low key I can grab
the end of yeah same who's the underdog
I honestly think I'm gonna go McGregor
Wow like same I thought he was gonna win
the last race yeah so like he's crazy
how they re magic like guys literally
copying the Floyd McGregor strategy
selling out Joab there's obviously Floyd
you're stressing me out I want you guys
to comment down below who you think is
gonna win poetry and how much money you
banished because honestly I love these
I've literally more to Joe ever since I
was in likkle baby youtuber Oh and
watching case is a fire video internet
runs 5 yeah come on love who's Joe
Weller yes a yeah but your eye on asleep
my money on well I don't know why maybe
because it's not possibly why maybe
that's the reason not gonna have
anything against in case I like long to
see I said over I've been saying in
Rice's video but this video I must say
I'm team ksi so whoever wins you know
yeah go ahead and join the back way
anyway yeah I you know what I'm not
gonna talk anymore let's just react to
the video que si uncontrollable
featuring big Zuzu these UK rap Chris
I'm not in the front like I know I know
I actually don't I don't think I don't
think you walk no Zuzu bro this be here
you don't know your UK rapping I do I
know you can't live without further ado
and the thumbnail by the way ksi has a
six-pack so yeah
okay okay
to be honest I'm noticing to take it and
then when we rewind to 32 seconds big
Susan easy please come back in his mouth
a and B 35 seconds through these
intuitive way
okay no I saw one of his tweets he's
like I passed the test by the way
because I think Joe might have called
mother Ness so I don't know he just
works hard but he worked hard so he's
posted one video in the past couple
months so it's had spared time to work
out 2-1-1 see you guys next
I'm trying to follow yeah and like I
know rap I can't and I'm really having I
need the subtitles bro with English and
English
just like that sometimes it sounds very
good
I just wish I knew before any I think
this is I don't care about relevance
this is I don't know I'm pretty sure I
wasn't directed at Joella he's like you
talk like a bird you Pelican listen
something I'll bury him yes it could be
around the fans it could be able to
people talking I don't even know I'm
assuming probably both the people saying
like who who the hell is big zoo now I
don't care about relevance but now I
just killed that facts but I still don't
know big zoo and I still don't know what
they're saying
unreal
one of my favorite Kidsongs to be yeah
under percent period no like my favorite
and Tucson that's what yeah that's
actually really uncheck the sitar
ladybug go download an apple music
Amazon music apples on prime any fun
description also will free observations
of club game schedule with Nas worse
ways nation where its final words I like
I said one of my favorite diss tracks
period or not even diss tracks with you
cuz you're the nine out of ten didn't
make me think anymore of him beating up
Joe Oliver yeah I honestly I don't know
why I had this feeling in my head that
joelle air is gonna smoke coming like
before three I'm totally not JIT I don't
know heard from a little girl something
yeah we thing else leaves your final
words bro I really liked it I wish I was
lived in London for a couple years so I
can understand but as a standard
outsider yeah that's the Canadian
citizen I'll give it a 9/10 yeah I was
all English or British or whatever
yo I would be bumping that heart in the
club I get rose that was Friday
Noelle's here no no no else or else I'm
gonna give both these guys nope yeah
take the W for that you get the exudes
ooh big zoo can't kiss I'm Adam for
losing that weight everyone's like peer
sighs they've been waiting they're like
who tells that any show them any show so
shout out to these guys obviously you've
seen the video but if not I'll leave it
in the description
do not forget to comment down below on
this video who you got into fight me or
wolf because here Wolfie ksi or McGregor
GSI McGregor or Weller or someone joke
joke I do it on the head whatever you do
on Carly down below smash the like
button if you guys are excited for this
fight we might actually be going to the
fight um the open in the box thirty five
thousand links on this video oh god -
Ryan link in the description Swayze baby
air you know whether this please
describe who do you want them to stand
today on its again I don't know how to
pronounce her last name with Chloe
Terrell she's a sweetie I love her so
much you guys heard of using low right
there I'm falling rinder tell her I'll
tell her Ryan loves you boys holy hell
over he's going off I'm gonna end the
vlog off right there this is we stay a
little bit more established in my me
channel okay always
employee like you watchin just like I
love so much
