thank you because you will be welcome
back to more multi-well and Thalia today
what's poppin guys I hope you having a
blessed day
I already know today's state savage
state smiling it's lit every single day
before I begin you guys already know
what it is I keep my light game to go
down smash that like button for
absolutely no reason or because me and
Sylvia got me smooching today because
today we're doing the chapstick
challenge you know that is we've done it
on sodium channel before basically I got
a question chapstick and before when we
tell them is I think we do it on Sylvia
chanting it they long ago cream yeah I
was cringe they did not have all of
these flavors in one yeah like I feel
like you're just starting to make a
bunch of things for you shut up free you
can't eat on Jewboy thing ringing good
boy uh yeah I feel like they're starting
to make a bunch of stuff for youtubers
like because they can now they got emoji
brand and they have like every single
flavor of use chapstick or lip balms lip
balms Wow so basically Sylvia here going
to take turns putting this headband over
our eyes to wear blindfolds the other
ones going to put lip balm over there
melter on their lips using just apply
them put the lip balm on they're gonna
have to kiss not to make out okay this
isn't ranch invasion right now we're not
doing any kissing prank in public we
have to kiss each other and then the
presence of mindful that has to guess
the flavor of lip balms and they're
wearing so I'm going a pretty simple
like I mean this is just for all of my
little 8/12 am any of that is so States
doing this is going to be a good video
you want to lift off some that some of
the flavors are really good today that's
the smallest writing I've ever seen yeah
it's tiny you can dress backwards these
ones are backwards but one of them is I
think mint take them out of the package
okay so we got cotton candy cherry chill
right lemon water melone raspberry mixed
berry great grain rice blebbing
and bubble goop so those are the flavors
let Chad facili is going to serve the
headband on and I'm gonna apply a flavor
Wow kissing a little hopefully all right
are you ready put it on so make sure you
can see if you cheat then I'm going to
put cheating exposes okay go ahead and
cheat cheater both gone wrong virulence
bitch sexual I think it's a nice one to
Lulu Lemon whoa first flavor guys this
one's going to be the easiest one I
think oh yeah it smells like it so
they're gonna be no basically like you
don't get to smell just like no cake
chill here we go then you put it on nice
lather it up oh yeah this is da let's go
Brad for sure if you don't can you chill
if you do not get this one and you're
old okay okay go hey comedians I smell
it and it smells now what I've got you
distinct smell okay like that's just
very much make sure escape Oh Charles
just make sure it's me let's just make
sure let's just make sure it's great but
make sure hope your makeup up yeah yes
or no doctor
okay that's great okay it's big get a
wipe off you know I'm I'm I get the baby
wait I'll just be here that almost hit
me baby wait failure oh god is that
Kirkland please Costco respond to your
boy I got you guys not allowed next one
this one I'm going to not go it's like
something that has such a distinct
friggin smell because that's going to
ruin it okay they all just distinct
smell okay the next one we're gonna go
with is okay this one go you're not
getting this one you're not getting this
one print you want some new lips your
work up can be normal okay let's go
did you do the pro game let me grab my
face I'm fighting my child I'm making
sure you change them all make sure I
click normal ready doesn't have a very
rigorous thank you gun you don't trust
me hey what are you doing you know that
smells like hard work
Highland High boy I would be like smelly
keep inhaling so much the kids people
what I need to think a little bit I'm
trying to
number one the flavors are my retirement
that's enough you don't get up Billy
kitchen and you know mrs. Bobby cookies
no no no no no it doesn't it's the first
one here and it's a weird smell that's
why I picked it it's not like I didn't
really feels like cardboard teach if you
taste it like go ahead and take into
your vows ready - are you listening it
i'm not much to do you mean action i'm
applying work i'm doing on luck yeah
keep your mouth closed okay here's
Alaska why'd you go all times
what is this afraid to be me I don't
want to just trying to lick it to figure
out the deflategate would have no I oh
okay no it was a graphic that no not
like I wasn't rubbing anything not a
carboy raspberry it's probably one of
their whacker flavors Phil I mean I'm
parched I just mean you found that all
over my neck favor I want on my for
training here no no I'm gonna do fiving
you can do for next waiver we are going
with one of my personal favorites I love
this food and I would say detail of this
food to
racers who really does like me
okay come in come in for the kill ready
bubble gum
thank you a nice mellow bogum yeah it
was watermelon is been here I was here
even but uh yeah you played yourself
it's not not bubblegum even though
watermelon is like a like a default
flavor of bubblegum so like I'll give
you a half point okay it's like I'll
give you no point you didn't well point
I not know swap it over give me that man
be very careful you're gonna get
foundation Oh make a new foreign child I
can't see Jesus crazy am i gettin a
little patient
no you can't nothin there okay so these
are flavors I did you those flavors you
can use go all off let's do it speed
round
I just want one pack and I'm guessing on
your head talk because I'm coming that
makes it okay go Rick raper yeah no
lemon
you didn't even think yeah we gotta like
decipher what you're saying I don't need
to smell I'll literally paint it with my
nose club okay yeah watch out ASAP I've
greedy it easy
actually when Alice okay go Pete I'm
crazy I literally don't even need to
smell it all I needed to do is taste it
and I tasted like Princess Peach's next
one Natalie one for one
yeah like your mouth type new
breadcrumbs holy game store I got a dick
off on the peach flavor because you know
how it is got to get on something
excellent
there you go next flavor please can you
chill on like opening up grapefruit I
didn't open anything yet I can totally
figure out I don't think that they can
figure out with my lips person not a
RunAs lip readers out there yeah again
because it'll be on the screen in text
so here okay here's one okay can you
have done any less of a BEC like is this
like a sixth-grade dancer with wanting
karate okay we'll go okay oh he go go go
go lemon lemon yeah it's possible the
tragic I think there will the kids I
don't care just get the kids in their
school out of this smell lemon that's
how you get it it's all about the
friends bring em up next round is a dog
abuse if you put it on top can you put
on you
lettering lick you and then let me smell
Prince bread why would I play I printed
up here we go
you're different Prince's up Prince
ready here that's a soulmate as well if
you haven't told me to get a hijab okay
Prince don't let me down come here look
at me okay don't you know what kiss me
Prince Prince good boy okay we'll figure
out you can get next time so next round
Sylvia's gonna let Prince kiss her or
something and then she's gonna kiss me
her prince is good Adams her nose going
on right all right Prince
don't let me down on this one Wolfie
you're not in the video I hate this all
this woman okay grapefruit are
international Damon you're sharing spins
here up why are you throwing in like
that are you grabbing nothing you're
like here's a little tip did he kiss you
no he's not kissing me okay so it must
be
bad flavor it is a reference how do I
hold him there he is totally moving his
feet for you you're not going to be the
dog food
no okay go go go really really not even
kissing okay can you lift off the
flavors that we have left no really
yeah we'll be drinking my water yeah oh
my car will feet there's already um
bubblegum is it yeah I'm holding it here
so you can smell but okay I was
wondering why smelling is no big
medicine tomatoes yeah yeah yeah that's
why I mention it I was going through the
flavors in my head I listed and I was
like okay what would be like I didn't
remember not a distinct flavor and I
said bubblegum and here the boy got a
brass ring thank you for helping me
alright yeah do I
I will he's nice cool can you get can
you do it clapping it will be loading
careful if you love the kids I won't be
your app do now let me down for this
round I love you good boy blindfolded
gauge chopping on everything on one of
them right I told you I'm creating games
and I can I and teach you this not up
not at all I'm actually next up so now
we're like running out of flavors so
pretty much under named John you the one
that we haven't done our strawberry
which is probably a grapefruit yeah
that's probably about it yes
yeah no photogenic I look anything ready
we ought to get a son okay sure okay
come in pick get a taste for so weird my
hug me I love my diet
you gotta love your dogs oh he's really
getting in there it will be
whoopee you love the cheese too much is
the biggest desert you get it good get
one kiss do not work use without not oh
yeah yeah okay go okay wipe your mouth
stop moving away please well you're like
shadows in my face okay I told you
you're not good well it was a 12 second
and a 12 second ban into second grade
child smells so bad
Oh No
I can get it um I'm cheese because I
actually got the corner on why did you
nothing is like nothing is coming to my
brain right now good I'm sure I'm
literally just trying to like okay just
get to the point narrow down what has
not been said like you're in and I want
to be here I was hoping knows it don't
care Wolfie them to me get the hell out
of here nobody plays your dog we don't
want you here
I love you buddy to them ah good peach
which is great it's not mint assessment
I'll jump off the window right now I
feel like there's like a few flavors
left that we just haven't gone over I
don't remember saying mango client
robberies are we always looking draw
burning get the answer at me jealous no
you can't guess anymore without defining
standards not okay truth plain oh yeah
wrong cotton candy what son Kenny I'm so
annoyed I literally thought there was
only like one bubblegum cotton candy
like thing like that so that's why I
didn't get anyways okay this one put
your mask on and then how many players
they left you know them I have to I
don't know put the blindfold on my back
and you boys winning three for four
looks like a 97% not too bad come down
below next flavor is key chill so here
we go get this one out this one did not
like like the color that I would expect
it to be but it's all can you cut the
cake oh you're old if you get this I'll
give you so much money
there's no way are you gonna ever get
this you go ahead
miss Barrett yes I just think there's
girl looks at all the favorites this is
so black okay this game is old there's
no way you want to order everything yeah
I like that
and icicles on while you're going use
nobody would say make very so picking
this game is of this views I didn't get
it sure sure sure
all right go ahead next flavor hmm you
can see I can't see anything when I am
working off to play with me you mess up
hey Jeannie are you cheating
okay okay
okay what is it good give me a wonder
what your go go go ahead go ahead
I'm told it's a pain bang what the same
thing I meant for the same thing on
I just been away from one flavor off
that's not fair hey go home market yeah
that's it
I said one not you child you want cheap
we can cheat it sounds like a beatitude
army okay to throw in another title to
you let's go okay what is it what is it
let me bryggen get a good smell take off
the old one think I'm not digging a
little mom I was really holding the
traffic to your no sweetie smell okay
yeah I'm not gonna do it that's that's
you do that I don't have it on me I'm
just gonna get doing nothing
one rape dog Harry Harry did I just
guess I know that you've learned a lot
so it was blueberry in here you're wrong
okay let me now cherries the last ration
shop yes okay mother actual chopsticks
the heck doesn't even smell like
blueberry it doesn't incredibly case and
the last one is cherry which I think you
gotta know and yeah so cherry though how
many did you get right out of Lake okay
okay she got true I think like two and
maybe one of them was even questionable
you can take off your ass now I got
three out of four that I did and I was
not even cheating at all so I hear he
won't be
comment down below are UTM will be a
teen wolfy jr. are you team Sylvia
fourteen prints and can roughly cut
because you're weak weak nor lady gaga
I'm joking everybody come here friend
yeah Prince you're here anyways guys
comment that down below
whoever gets the most votes gets to do
something crazy to the other person so
if I get more team wolfies in your oh
yeah only then that ten in tomorrow's
vlog I'm going to do something lit but
am I crazy
please please don't go okay junior but
wolfy please I'll do anything candidate
and not Prince Prince's Prince's off
also guys do not forget to go down and
smash the like button let's hit 20,000
likes for absolutely no reason and
because you guys are all hates at this
point subscribe to Sylvia's channel link
in the description youtube.com slash
sylvia Gani we've done a trafficking
challenge on her channel like Kylie
Bolivarian go find it and comment on
that one I wrote this personage make a
cringe comment think I will see the
challenges over so you stop trying to
kiss the whole world keep that will be
kissing as gay marriages okay and I'll
see you guys soon over where we say
little more savage on my main channel as
always and a savage Naga Oh
