hey yo what's gonna super wolfy welcome
back to more wolfy guys it's lit we just
had our booster juice in the morning you
already know no no I'm playing it what
is that look at these nuts
oh my god we're waking up to a vine
compilation' r.i.p vine we miss the days
if you guys miss vine hit the like
button I hit 35,000 like anyways if you
guys know what whoo Nickelback is
there's a song I have it's called
photograph and everyone should know is
to go in it oh the grass isn't it
Canadian cheese okay well how's their
views so now we're just watching like a
montage of this guy saying look at this
photograph and stuff like that
keep this yeah that's the original one
oh no no no no please not the whole time
okay no there we go how both of that oh
good
Darwyn glit there's a few more I think
no no no not just your ending on this
one
you do my nigga just like this so look
at this he's rude I'm the biggest
believer on that note we're done we're
dead were dead
guys quick little package run I'm
literally getting packages delivered to
my house every day so I'm thinking this
is going to be the off mic that I return
cuz I got their own size and if it's not
I'm going to be cheese because I
literally don't remember anything else
that I ordered the box is in boys I
think it's off wait it says it's from
sin so I think we're good
G what I'm to unbox see if it fits this
time because I got double XL guys off
wait does not fit big just know that to
get whatever regular side you don't play
yourself did you have to return it like
me answer it's fastening the elbows just
like whoa looks like we need to get out
voice you need to go house shopping look
at these ads has a calling go everywhere
this is the wallet
look at how did you fall get there in a
lot of answer you're kind of killing the
holy so when I was younger I had various
toys houses oh wait you didn't see yeah
that's off wait your mirror on the wall
who's the Swagger's come on
now get the LAN so this is actually kind
of beat this brought me to Narnia to
look for a house I have a home Peter yes
we met him um drove an hour to have to
come see what's over so it's his hope oh
no no none
no the bedroom mom not crazy not not la
Badie remember a light of the pickle boy
he had a hook on the verge trickery of
chippy
not-not-not master bathrooms a mod to
showers 90 like square cubic centimeters
to do people why is Ryan fit into this
location setting so nice with his
clothing though yeah I welcome tomorrow
you're teasing me have a nice thing
around we've got like new car well I
meet Tommy so house hunting and there's
a crazy room here I'm going to check it
out hit the light one no light that you
know like oh oh oh no no oh no noise air
door yo yo yo you losing our fans but he
says yo sup Tex was any other chance
Imogen was a love no no no bro bro bro
this is a freak thing okay guys so
honestly for house shopping me and Ryan
are kind of dusted already we're in the
middle of nowhere and we saw this one
store so we're going to see if they sell
Gatorade because that's kind of all we
want but it's like some next general
deli so it says closed no no no no so
Sunday Yahoo are over over
we just want ice-cold Gatorade this
store is closed
we're in the middle of the friggin farm
grow literally Shoppers Drug Mart would
have been open on a Sunday 24/7 and now
you have to keep going to with no liquid
I played us I shit you not there is a
gathering of friggin cows on the side of
the road guys okay guys not the most
successful date I mean we've had better
days for sure looking like just browsing
at houses even though these are in for
me I'm just along for the ride because I
like to look at how this but put it this
way I saw right through the house think
we're just on an in film because I don't
think we're allowed to in that one but I
saw right through their strategy a
strategy of putting loose change around
the house to see if we take it abroad
soon as we came in the house that was a
toonie on the ledge no why would there
be a toonie analyze you clean the house
so like I know this is like a strategy
like putting tuning in loonies and just
like loose little change around the
house to see if we take it because we
take
we're not good people getting a help if
we don't take it then it's like okay
actually I think I always think it is a
thing
but I see you guys I saw right through
it I was tempted to take it to mean I
was like not only I'm all the way really
not really Jim no no I took it then I
was like knock off wait so I don't need
it let's just relax and onto the I think
the last house of the gate so let's mean
this oh my god kid we finally made it
back to humanity there's actual stores
out here literally actual stores no
corner gas and we are about to get as
you can see the cold zone I'm going off
there's nice AC in here I am
I need a Red Bull to wake me up in like
something man Michael Lee I've never
liked touching the cold beverage so much
of my life I've never craved a pink
grapefruit Red Bull so much my life
summer edition this is so little it's
really can be over candy everything you
need for video is maple syrup it's just
like a basically a regular four but the
stuffing never takes until goes I like
you know a nice live different igloo bro
you just go get two - rifle okay now
don't that don't i don't you know what
he thought okay I'm the head what the
ahdre didn't anyways guys look like a
chicken - so bad we asked like we just
like we're talking mumbling about the
next address it goes like going on so
next up I'm like bro 2017 GPS exists
like you don't need to chill bro
it shows guys don't buy pink grapefruit
I thought it was a vibe says summer this
in the hope of trust
oh and I'm a Red Bull connoisseur like I
love that is a low red most so much and
that's okay guys so Walmart is going to
help us get oh wow rate we're getting
raid because we need to clean out the
bugs that are in the boys house they're
literally insane the bugs are trying to
glow up get out of course but we're
looking for raid and as you guys can see
where we're buying rate no world of
workups and we're going to exterminate
these bugs because these bugs are trying
to offer our career and we're saying nah
we're trying to get this problem solved
and I mean it is like
dick and fan you know spinning them and
anyways we're getting forg and Reid and
Ryan yes we're going with raid name
brand because we trust it okay we're not
going with no great value spick-and-span
and control system save your money bro
get that out of here someone tell me why
magazines originated they made up
clickbait kylie is secretly married to
Travis after two months of dumping Tyga
and her mom doesn't know her mom doesn't
know the intimate ceremony at home this
is teasing me that's the one - friend
knows nobody else knows Travis is dating
marrying Kylie honestly this is like
where I got all my motivation from that
this is the lifestyle magazine thank you
for blessing me if it wasn't for you
guys I won't have millions of
subscribers I know click dating -
technique down and curtain Schakowsky no
more answer this yet we don't deal with
answers like that
god damn oh shit oh shit and be gone but
it's so many of them explode from his
house it's month guys that's how you
know this is about to be over
it's it's coming to an end yeah well how
sorry I pick a happy ending once it is
so it hot outside right now I don't even
think Prince is trying to go for a walk
right no he doesn't even want to move
you have to take you on a walk you gotta
get these gay exercising okay keep them
bicep curls up do some push-ups jeez
these prints you're so cute buddy what's
going to walk coming princess I'm on Mon
Prince the Prince of the Mod Mon right
okay so tired right now guys literally
look at him we need to shave your face
you look so good under this lighting
right now you look on fleek Prince but
you have too much hair on your nose and
needs to get cut needs to be evened out
bro you need a fade let's go to face
tomorrow haircuts on me okay he's
running for me he's running for me
good boy good boy Prince you cannot walk
you literally just keep tugging away
from me guys literally he's running as
fast as we can and choking Prince stop
trying to tugging
get to your brother this dog does not
know how to walk properly we never
taught him how to walk so he just
sprints
hey yeah attack attack attack attack pin
ready see wolfy look it will come camel
V Vince Whoopi no wrong way these dogs
socket walking together I'm walking are
you trying to do Prince Cho Cho Cho
ready we're going to get wolfy on three
three two and three this guy's literally
choking I'm not gonna do puppy lessons
we'll pick a lot and you pick up dog
poop with your own hands my mom picked
up dog poop with her own hands because
we didn't have a big whoopie pies slow
down
good boy okay sit see sit
oh yeah come here good boy good boy
those notice all coincidences boy you're
so good for the camera now go now run
away from me okay good boy
guys I don't know what is wrong with
Wolfie guys but they just turned mad
black out of nowhere I think he might
have got into a fight with Prince or
something but you guys know how to solve
this problem with dogs especially white
dogs hit me up in the comments comment
down below how to fix this month face
because she's cute when he gets a
haircut he's still cute he smells good
but this is unacceptable for you
literally look so dirty right now so if
anyone knows how to clean that stuff out
of white dog face let me know cuz this
dog is old he's off he's old ha ha ha ha
listen to me your boy will be is cheese
there's a public service announcement
guys the only reason I've got to do what
I'm doing is that partially because I do
obviously any juice and like when you're
running out of juice you need to react
yourself with juice ok
people get viewers to get the juice and
then you like kinda get some juice out
of it anyways you guys haven't heard for
some strange reason a lot of my wolf em
are they love what's going on between
Jay Paul legend called rice gum like all
this stuff and I'm stuck in the middle
of everything I don't want to view
anything biased I'm just doing it from
like you know a fan of everyone's
perspective
two months ago I reacted to all first
stuff does it happens and then
yesterday's vlog racism drugs racism
droplet a friggin disgusting music video
like it was really well shot and I
reacted to that you guys like that so
obviously what would only make sense
right now is to react to I'm pretty sure
it's like going to be the final stuff
that happens with Jake and Logan but
they made up in a song honestly I will
give it to them
they're very very smart individuals okay
everything that's been going on so far
has caused their channels to blow up
faster than your boys channel ever blew
up and my channel is like flying back in
the day it's not anymore so that's why
I'm doing this I need you so just give
me a break but even at my highest time
like I was never seeing the subscribers
who these guys they're like flying to
the top so congratulations to them
obviously friggin congratulations -
right you're a scum killed in his verse
so I got a good price for eggs as well
um Jesus entertained by everything
watching it so there's two new videos
that just Ross - Jake dropped one and it
basically it's called I love you bro so
song to his bro you know what they're
making up I got a bro I got two bros I
got a sister you know we've gotten to a
few scraps here and there but we've
obviously made up so I didn't write a
rap something brother but Kate's his own
so there's that song there's one that
Logan dropped which is the rise of the
Paul's which obviously low energy
colorful are absolutely skyrocketing
right now so there's that one - so first
one I'm going to just react too quick is
Jake Paul Jake LOV bro thank you I love
you bro my name is hung I appreciate
you're learning a smaller youtubers
react to your stuff and get some juice
specifically for the whole family you
know that I'm agin like YouTube
community I'm Jojo I'm joking but
seriously I'm not I'm not showing at the
same time jqg let's get into this song
boom hey sweetie
I'm really concerned about the situation
with you already the mom talking I
appreciate him on talking and this is on
like some drinks up because he always
has their drilling like there's my mom
talking income dresses together I love
you bro and that I you got kind of
fucking will be quiet mash like button
if you look okay said to med school vibe
that
geez like a god church mission way be
smart idea okay so this is a much more
soft sentimental song you're not
supposed to dance to this one this one's
just like LA changed us I know thou la
changing when I went there cheese
squad okay
she found my wife legs tick looking at
Hey okay
wasn't it soon as we calm the crate for
you to say word okay so so far it's not
it's not it's pretty like there is a lot
of people obviously coming at this from
one person to another person side but
when you're just sitting in the middle
like you boil wolf eats and you're just
taking the bars into account and you're
taking into account the both Jake and
Logan are both not rappers I'm not even
a rapper but I kind of consistent piece
you know what I mean like you popular
man get on my level da key please shut
up okay I need you I didn't get shut up
trying to react yeah geez yeah like I
was saying from a non rapper perspective
they're not doing that okay they're not
doing friggin like drink but they're not
doing that and apparently if they did it
in like a daze and it's pretty good and
the music videos we pick them up hey bro
goes I need to get a music video shot in
one day for me in Congress every day
that's cute up low getting poets where
is all the low gang colors not smash
like button if you're low gain parlor
which is I'm assuming our sanibel thing
I don't want anyone arguing on my
channel both sides please no and I know
that I don't really know but my kid so
fast I do we're not going I've been on
my own for 17 years old and now I have
with me my brother Logan I please I'm
getting it - I love you bro okay okay
I'm so sorry for the things that I said
oh my god
because if this was all a marketing
strategy oh my god I'm jealous I didn't
think of it first so that's pretty much
that one that one's on Jake's channel
tried to Jake you guys you know Jake's
channel like Giga Jay Paul you don't
know it's channel then you haven't been
on YouTube with the past month so shut
up - Jake making amends with his brother
Logan obviously Logan Paul now we are
moving on to Logan Logan strap which is
called rise up shut up you take two keys
and shower you can just you can make
some alien noises both of my dogs you
shout you both with my glass okay what -
come here
okay - because you ran out of the room
Brit come here come here oh my gosh a
key cover yeah come get prints juice
come get prints juice I can stop calling
me the face guys look at this dog after
you got a shower you smell good wolfy
you're in the vlog - I see you
whoopee come here good boy good boy okay
that's enough for you oh my god it
brings I gotta pee together
I got a reactor here we go Logan without
further ado and he could be a really
sometimes
admitting you admit then Omega chirp you
okay this one's definitely a lot more
hard oh god please don't rush me not
beautiful not easy lucky stars all right
but I'm surprised it again that because
you know what we are falling like snow I
didn't violate I could buy Lambo I
didn't buy Lambo you know I just I ride
my mom's car if you don't make music
Ruffman you to shut up there you guys
you this favor get by geez I did not oh
okay
let's go David said oh yeah that money
you want it okay
Logan is a lot more like in-your-face
coffee obviously and Jason more
sentimental but it's like a little mix
you know they have a girl do the course
oh my god how are you doing this day how
how are you doing this today
can't even it is a video any day someone
is my video squeeze any help anything
okay okay very weird is it robot I'm 17
but zombie no no no no please never
stops okay to make it to the top one me
okay this like everything does I do
yeah what is about to go down right now
I'm bored bro 3 is a fine dog roast
videos are fun are you looking that
second right no no no no no not a second
birth
he's not doing anybody doing it you
movie King really smoking first QB so
many more do you think you should
address that one thing that everyone's
like wondering about no I'm not talking
about that anymore well but like I'm
just saying no I cheesecake no second
birth so there you guys go I hope you're
freaking happy smashing like button if
you're happy smash like button if you
like food smash the like button if you
drive a car smash the like button if you
like batteries smash the like button if
you like daily blogs much like wouldn't
it be like so much like button if you
like tinfoil dogs puppy flash like
button if you like ah quake smash the
like button if you like prayer hands and
you already know what it is
let's hit 40,000 like minimum on this
because I'm doing what you guys want me
to do I love you so much wolf Sam this
is for you guys this is it okay we're
done here I'm moving the camera moving
away from our reaction zone and I hope
you enjoyed this vlog if you did make
sure to go and smash that like button
how you said that Sylvia do you tell
them what to do how many like okay
50,000 scratch 40,000 comment what
Sophia to the shower or comment off
light yep Soviet okay I'm gonna go get
Sylvia talent and I will see you guys
soon on more wolf people we stay just a
little bit more savage and a little more
juicy than my main channel head eyes
always stay savage Lego Prince you undo
the outro it end
Oh
