good morning AOS kitchenware wolfy
welcome back to more wolfies guys I hope
you guys are having a great day hope
you're smiling hope it's beautiful
outside wherever you're living because
right now it is very beautiful outside
here in Ottawa you don't hear me say
that often because usually it's like
it's kind of bad kind of beat outside
what you guys already know what it is
like gang smash the like button right
now if you guys are excited for another
vlog let's get 35,000 likes on this
video and today I want you to hit it
with your pinky finger in 3 seconds 3 2
1 boom ok blessed today I was supposed
to be editing and then I called off an
editing day because of how gorgeous it
was outside so hopefully we can find
some stuff to do rocket you want in
alright good boy my dogs are at my
parents house but I have to make do it
this kind of mediocre dog acting yo-yo
rocket can you do your one trick I need
to like Yogi's trick where he puts it on
his nose okay here on rocket who hit one
way we move okay well I'm your if you
hit this move up rocket give me the
likes okay I just want to like probably
care about its Robbie get this move I'm
not watching it Addison okay bless bro
give you so-called shadow David parity
please ideas KK Asian grandpa okay let's
go if he hit this you're a good owner
and you they should subscribe to David
parity please yeah alright go wait
marred monk wait look at this look at
this concentration honey
I'm G that I gotta do very pleased
numerous on his channel as well you I
your gold chrome good job okay come here
come here come here these all my dogs
nice on my nickel is what I saw alright
let's get these Titus you know you're in
an Asian house when you have name-brand
fortune cookies some gambling chocolate
ones that you literally have no clue at
half these are except you know this
one's lit this ones are eight and
collateral cheese these ones are
Japanese specialty oh my god and
vermicelli for making folks what okay
like a rice cooker
plastic on the table you would never
catch any of this in my house but if you
came to my grandma's house you
definitely would catch a whiff of like
the strongest you making food you've
ever saw in your life I can tell the
house that I go in to just buy this ten
times even Italians I know you guys
don't worry about it
hey shout out David parity you already
know what it is guys gave me some
exclusive merch no time David your boy
has been waiting way too long on getting
your merch and all the other boys got it
well I didn't get it so what the heck
bro you must know that my merch is
dropping soon and then it's going to be
heat and that everybody should get is
going to be in the link of the
description Barry's K the shameless
plugs are going to be real out here but
for now I guess some soft David parity
merch will do chase right on the beat we
got a drake type beat give them a greasy
line bar that you just wrap it to Jay
Paul L all right somebody fuck me give
me give me a topic first topic
Robin crazy all this be told I'm so hot
I'm getting you one that I know is fire
this one I see the huge playing yeah
we've got three million views Oh Drake
type beat kill this one it's called
distance you're rapping on clickbait
yeah you got a lot of pressure on you
right now not a blog no one I'm choking
that's me
I'll just dive Nestle beta like monetize
hey click they do everything I do is
quit they oh I'm so easy
I never burst no neither you my boys
will take down ether heaven forever
alive just kidding a diet that sleep
makes people on crime this rapper that's
goodnight
I was on that picnic on the beat that
click because I'm right done genders
click Jesus click think that in Jesus
oh here we go in the Attic yo bitch I
got you a two lines right here go to the
became guys yeah yeah I there we go
I'm going to try and write these bars
King Jay Paul Logan ball that's pygmy
moving Ryan sways in the title
that's how I pick it up the mistake
that's know Buse eat you up cuz you fake
Channel yeah that's tofu yeah two
percent I'm Goku
ah please I'm so rude no no me I wear
off wait you where Nobu what is it
called
I don't know I'm rapping in the top dog
ooh yeah I'm gonna roast do I put you on
a barbecue like a hot dog
Oh hot not absolutely nice day outside
today by cross season first off I see
you in like a wrecking ball but you can
charge it you gotta fight em you get you
rock hard do 100 creature
oh yeah for two and you guys get 15
points credible - I was like oh they're
average the old jumpy hi-yah oh no oh
you always will forget that this was
like whoa like a million dollar for this
is it for four five uh reminds what
nothing not really
oh we could do the haters well now guys
what the hell anyways whatever nothing
like some spiked balls with the boy the
TIV they can go service oh that's a
point oh one pass off her out about that
minimum one Ryan's the king's biker they
was nimble boom and yet here they put
spike oh that was dreamy oh yeah yeah do
that give out - Shawn huge shot to David
for bringing all man's to the mall and
getting us all Booster Juice honestly
such a good friend
literally I didn't even bring my wallet
so even if he tries to make me pay he's
saying but you're a millionaire so
looking I haven't no money bro your mud
don't listen anything Ryan says I'm
broke boy oh the showers just ways for
getting his own name on his back please
need to be there's no one cock here in
the world buzz what your day
you got all men show my car you got all
men's alright what is that oh man
oh man no fur no man for all men for no
man
shuttle Ryan wrote that comes into touch
I appreciate it rope but there's no
working from oh god damn Ryan your room
is looking fresh my man goddamn every
hole is officially covered up is it dry
it is nice and dry I think it's ready
for sanding and then once we send it we
can paint the rest of Ryan's room why is
it so dark and gloomy literally a
beautiful tried today and we are saying
and now figuring out will complicated
stuff there's some I'll Botox and
serious talk going on downstairs both
housing and living situations and
everything it's stressed stressed yes so
I decided I wanted to come upstairs and
just relax a bit my painting walls this
is nothing one or two on the knife tale
since a while you know and a you but I
oh it's you I screwed up your room so
I'm gonna at least get get to sand and
buddy so let's take this off you know
what your beds a little messy but we're
just going to leave it the way it is
boom there make sure nothing is in my
pocket may be drawn to music get the
shoes going here paintings not so bad
so the walls are sanded everything is a
huge mess on the farm enough to keep us
up but I just took in I'm not painting
this house for me even on ridiculously
play right now this is just to get by
okay the landlords will think everything
was the same we repainted the house in
major house look even more lit than it
was before we left your house so pop it
open the paint and just there's no
strategy this is super unprofessional
but we're going to get the job done we
never follow the rules cuz we're savvy
you
okay so we finally finished the room
after like three hours I did my hands
have paint all over them I got it on my
shirt my shorts but it was worth it so
this is what we're working with right
now very white walls we left this stupid
law yellow because it was the other one
we came here I don't care about that
it's a little uneven on some places
that's the Sun I didn't match up with
the color like there there and there
but it looks alright okay matte white
matte white whiter than it was I even
said cleaned up here this wall is the
same so now and look at the detail I
think the roof okay let's go
the only thing messy is I got some paint
and drywall on the floor so I'll just
wipe that up like another time but for
now it's pretty good so now you're
Ryan's reaction okay right and here's
your room check it out this is it now
look that way no it's not no means that
I did your presentation bro makes it
look nicer whoa it's wavy lighter no
antimatter the way easily the easy care
I'm like a very easy just chill yo yo
what the hell bro what friggin mr. spot
bro this guy left so whole yeah I'm not
doing that
the landlord did like you're hold on
keep that yes I from oh yeah the floors
are little rough but I'm coming back
cleaning tomorrow it's all good this is
my pink this visit list are you down to
paint this tomorrow I don't know three
hours no no that was no no no no no no
what you know this actually is more like
a rose all you actually leave you know
hi guys from me and Ryan we're just
chilling downstairs I'm refreshing my
feet on YouTube
do you guys know yesterday that we did
the reaction to be all like pretty much
all the songs with Jay Paul rose and
palm right you know there's a billion
times there's a lot of stuff to react to
but we're sitting down and refreshing
and obviously rights uploads again so
shout out to rice come you already know
what it is um this is going to be a
legit reaction because you guys really
grated the one yesterday we have not
been it I mean this picture is so big
like it's kind of deadly but so here we
go let's see the body I'm ready for
Gregg
I know the Christmas yeah I think it's
cooking bishop the whole time these
pages report our own ability I'm a
serial I my Cheerios the coffee with the
snakes on him yeah we love that mark
it's like the other morning I want to
hear the second vertical second High
School where they killed us look like
let's of tycoon down like a link to oh
god oh god oh no we're going too quick
because I thought maybe I never I never
get a couple lines
I'm not taking in a couple lines ropes
so this is just some exposing stuff at
1:31 you know any kids back and I dunno
what I didn't know that was real to be
honest Magnus it could be fake my mom
said you could be face it could very
well be things but that is a lot of
actual effects throughout a hater
struggle on a baker's oh man way and
jump jump jump anyways that's called
exposing second part for the killer to
erase you okay so that's a rabbit of
getting for the person to speak with the
pipe
you ain't got no bars no flow like a
lake like a lake do no flow I mean I've
known that yeah cosmo water ah tired
weak now Zoe I can't hate that was like
a Venetian trick
no one to test a bar okay boy was that
ever love too much
how do you think they felt when they
went home and they were dripping tears
Oh like the book all you chump
pull the blue card yeah so he cheated on
Alyssa with Tessa Tessa and then just
called a drama
yeah that's a concept design he I don't
know good it tastes so Ryder I can do
the a forever Knight really anyways
beyond that then you went okay a big
head like you Phineas King nobody
nothing rhymes with idiot not super
sayajin I will say I'm not a rapper but
I've definitely done a few breezy raps
back in the days ago and you already
notice this caught me out for not
happening I'll rap anyone who called me
out so don't don't even call me homie
Hey ladies
because when we record okay the way
shoes have no one is kind of like wisdom
Ridge now or me okay so I think that's
it
honestly when you I bet you guys I'm
going to push golden one oh yeah I'll
bet I'll make that back into money drew
I need the money Grover for comment
so I'm going to fail in thought
situation I'm just worried other I need
to choose guys if you want to dis me
feel free anybody right long right
you're not coming at me right I love you
I'll get real wolf bro rights gonna know
right really right come right this is
Brian I'm using right after is not will
feel it so easy food anyways so coming
out all this like Rommel rapping
perspective and just like bars just a
little it's a good song I like the
kazakh the beats fire take away the fact
that your this is a pong all the be
brunette exactly you can have a we are
on Mavericks we're cake parlors and
we're writing out in race and race fans
I don't know but we're supporters of all
of them so yeah just this is all fun and
games also any games but there is a
couple low blows that like that didn't
need to be said you could it like
everybody not even just kinda straight
home just like in general there are some
lines that could have changes you kind
of got gonna leave same point across but
what I will make that bet because I
didn't do need 100 but now I will react
to this video cuz you know I'm running
out of juice and man I might react to
give a couple more than you know ideas
we need the juice like you choose hide
these things were calming down and great
done let me write them peace so guys I'm
signing up for VidCon right now and
asking me so many different things
they're like what do you use the most
I don't this is all for surveys and
stuff but like check out this stuff but
like what do you want to do a VidCon
watch concerts see my favorite creators
perform attend panel discussions make
friends see friends surprise myself get
an art draft from my favorite creators
Ryan toys
is my favorite creator fine this
banana-peel okay so that i don't need i
can uncheck that one if i'm gonna get it
from ryan i don't need that one also
this is my first VidCon
I've never been before I want to go see
Travel adventure comedy vlogs
entertainment and culture and that says
who do you want to evacuate concerns
with Ryan suite probably not gonna be
come just to put his name let's go with
it
obviously the next person I hope you
choose would have to be my dog where's
Prince Prince you wanna come to VidCon
okay I got you a lot advice so Prince is
the second one and then last but not
least we'll do strays again hopefully
the in vitam i misspelled his name I
mean you guys already know obviously if
I'm going to go I have to meet my dog
PewDiePie myself and Ryan's raised again
so now click here to read privacy nah
nah no we don't do that continue oh my
god yes I've read them see is what you
guys do you say you've read them even
though you saw the damn little that I
didn't read it
click okay now you got to pay and boom
just like that you already know I got my
I got my VidCon ticket so now we're
waiting on this guy and so then you put
your dick uh turning it with his ten
others before airing this guy really
lately thank you ball driving because of
our own causes mister buy them for
everyone supporters yeah every time I
for all this yeah I'm not a big shot I
got the mister viral beer YouTube
changing I don't have that money
wrong toward you seriously yo group CPM
go down there and then I'm Cooper whoa
whoa I just brought up you guys are
literally anyway we order their wings
for them they came first and there's no
monkey without I didn't know manners
literally no manners and I didn't get my
bones today like come on okay so I'm on
my parents for a bit now I'm trying to
watch the end of the game the game
number four so he has no game for Golden
State vs versus Cleveland yes versus the
catcher who won the first three games
yet
Golden State won the first three games
so this is the fourth game but Cleveland
is killing it tonight I'm not a bought
like I don't watch ball at all honestly
I watch good sports so this series has
just been insane so far and then tonight
Cleveland's at home so LeBron is going
off kairi's going off and I'm watching
with a bunch of people that don't watch
basketball sometimes I go to the boys
and I watch it Ryan explains the stuff
to me but here I have to explain stuff
to everybody because Sylvia doesn't know
what's going on she's talking about
Vegas no no my mom doesn't care about
basketball dogs but I made them turn it
on they're watching a mobile people log
but that's kind of what I guess to put
anyways so now we're just going to
frickin finish this game and tomorrow is
an early day write write write print
guys finally after like months of having
the dog he doesn't cringe at the sight
of seeing me he actually enjoys my
company these days it took him a while
but look how comfortable he looks he
doesn't want to kill himself you guys
are just small improve it you didn't
completely cooked oh yeah give me some
of that no okay good question
okay listen keep them entertained for a
second well I go get my own shoes you
guys turned that I got to keep you
entertained through Flushing Queens Oh
Bubba Marina is toxic Leo Mandy
tell us how you really might know about
your son no I did did you actually I
actually did because we what what the
thing about they were laying in the
background your name is Platt possession
I really thought about it
well actually they're actually in the
backyard in a bag if you want them okay
what is happening the many what will be
the present here's a gift for Charles
for his birthday his birthday's not
until Thursday yeah you forget your own
sons really no person to be Mandy
original training how did you get
perfect sandy kiss me really look at you
it's all right you're misusing to me now
because it's for your agency exercise
it's not today or tomorrow or the next
day you're not 18 either jayam are you
17 what is home because we have here got
your age tips on sandy and then involved
without afraid we filmed it so we have
to do Tina
whoopee whoopee the picture of you how
many times you're gonna walk across my
lap this guy's really you why do you
hate my dog I don't hate your dog
well he's is mention mark yes okay oh
yeah that's a pregnant get a haircut
Prince can't even get because I really
attention why is everyone hating on my
beautiful daughter already perfect will
hard happy birthday Charles my little
now very big woolly bear wishing you
continued success and all the happiness
in the world
remember I want to live that's not
happening anytime soon
my copy birthday Charles just want you
to know we love you and look forward to
success in the future love pops just a
being spoiled on a door every girl on
your birthday and every other day of
your life as usual know who likes
Charles no yeah no they tried that right
yeah put this I'll leave her here until
attached my birthday bit is it see me
this is it it's a spoiled brat digitally
I know I know how to just Riddler oh my
god it's a red newborn fidget spinner
shit is really one of those in the one
you have one in the paper maybe even
like three you guys thanks to the
Christian my parents me a bone fidget
spinner out of actual bone that's real
now an orthopedic surgeon does that does
that feel real bones aren't all bad
I'm probably gonna go into that yeah
that's pretty good that's pretty good
well you do that I'll keep this and add
to my fidget on your collection maybe a
human bone to share with all my future
centers
you know in the other room sure I'll put
in here with another
the spinner Wow and one more thing they
really know that our on visit I'm a few
don't head neck okay
wow it's even camo and everything oh
yeah one more I wonder why hey guess it
doesn't really matter now God your son
might live inside lines going out on the
family but I can't tell you about it but
see if I could yeah you're safe now
right no it can't let you out of your
here with Julia I need a matching one it
doesn't close oh they're gonna find a
way to get to you we're forward I'm
chilly now no mosquitoes can get me now
thumbnail that's my thick beard all the
water nurses at the hospital who lives
in the country she was telling me that
they can bite through clothes man yeah
they do
okay you saw me all day doesn't know the
skills can get there anything just
killer
anyway guys this is what I got for my
present you can tell that they love me a
lot you head neck and I'm in a card and
going to dinner let's do a replay on
Charles reaction to the bone spinner you
know I'm late reaction oh my god it's
the resident born finish dinner oh great
thank you so much thank you this is
amazing this is your president crazy
birthday present I'm 17 forever
Oh serve it to you again know that
you're wrong about them yeah I'll never
to meet you look at them on the Boeing
yeah case yet real bones what bone did
you use to get this really balmy had to
eat the bone likely to cook a roast and
then we found it later that they have
actually ends at the pet store happy
that's not that's not sound Calvin that
that will take a speaker it's cute
little pig shoulder boil all the stuff
is taken out Sanders announced all
teenager and then epoxies for coffee
tell guard no more science in Africa
19:35 work yeah all my science out of
the video okay alright you guys were
back home and thanks for watching
today's vlog we had a little talk right
and did like are you okay
let's see if we can get fifty thousand
likes on this video so much all right I
don't know a lot work because if we get
50,000 likes we're gonna do some 60 iy
tomorrow some pastry doesn't like button
and make sure you go subscribe to my
girlfriend's channel you too Josh Sophia
Gabby because we do a lot of awesome
videos on her channel and did he smash
the like button yet because you should
definitely do that
smash the like button trying to think
what what you say I honestly forget wolf
at my home crazy
what you mean John otter like my out
shows me all the time and say more
savage than my main channel and as
always they savagely go okay I'm gonna
do that again guys just because she did
it so bad and I do it every single day
and it's robotic for me now before that
smash the like button 50,000 likes and I
will do some awesome DIYs that's
terrible
no smash the like button with your nose
right now you got a couple seconds to do
it three two one boom it's not like but
okay what's next
it's common they leave a comment every
time you comment down below comment down
below if you made this very end the vlog
because you guys know I always like your
comments I want you guys to comment
comment always something random prana
pran a piranha okay I don't even know
that means that's the chia seeds brand
so comment down below piranha
whoever comments that that way I know
you made to the end of log so I'll like
and comment back to a bunch of you guys
Laurie wolf and me already know what it
is and I will see you guys soon
all more Wolfie where we say I live in
my status and I maintain pants as always
states average that no yeah
when I did yeah
