hey yo what student your boy won't be
welcome back to more wolfy and today
guys I've been putting this off for as
long as possible but you guys keep
spamming my comment section about the
whole Logan Paul Jake Paul is a pilot
right gum this track all this stuff so
today I'm with my boys hey what else
again and and you guys better hit that
Lakeland cuz I could get roasted after
this you know I've already been roasted
by a few time on but you know I could
get roasted don't throw myself under the
bus but I just want to do a quick
disclaimer I am a Jake Paul okay i watch
all Jay Paul's video Laura great content
this guy's dropping heat on us every day
I'm also a maverick so I watch Logan I
watch Logan vlogs and rice gum is also
the homie so AG ammonium I'm gonna try
and react to all this stuff like as
unbiased as possible like I'm not going
to take any sides I'm just gonna react
to it doesn't achieve what we just want
the Jews yeah we did channel different
going down we just try to get some
subscribers I've all man's legs ooh the
description been rough we just we don't
drop it and get three or four mil abuse
perfect I mean climate change no time to
scare kids I don't know those ones don't
know that residual G's so yeah we're
just basing it off of like bar to bar
basis I'm not taking Jake side I'm not
taking Logan side I'm just seeing who
had a nice song who had nice flow and
etc so just quick back on on everything
Jake Paul drops a song called it's
everyday bro
Logan palm did a reaction their brother
in school friendly beef whatever
everything's all good
but then Jake dropped dis track on Logan
still friendly Bryce gums jumped in to
this Jay Paul it's super complex with
Elissa violet which is Jay Paul's
ex-girlfriend crazy situation you guys
already know I mean millions and
millions of views on YouTube so we're
just jumping into it on it's every day
bro by jake paul in your head top let's
go big true and big true is a big true
26 million views no no no no what do you
say will if I can get like two men
anyways playing hold on yeah city
parking the scones only about it here we
go
all around him is flying okay here we go
hey my brother Joey they are lady
generals wit I'll get mad okay okay so
flex dr. Singh okay Roli Buddha hello
flippin you hey Ellen heard it before it
okay so I'm just gonna skip ahead this
part like this is all like obviously
very personal beast that no yours on one
he goes intro he goes in like I'm not
here I'm not sure if it's a little
violent but this awaited movie you know
pretty professionally then you are you
know we have less girls I got all the
recordings to make me tell me this is a
whole he's exposing heavy exploiting
that church to fight that line katawaga
that's how much they call judge okay no
Allison nice bars we give it to Jake
follow for the fact that he's not a
rapper he has pretty good luck yeah yeah
they're not incredible lines okay Dino
little whale of those but he does have
some flow so you're right there's a line
in there a lot of question well yeah I
will call you running on my god Church
line is very question
all right new prompting going in so
you'd like to see it all as a company I
think polite all right a B H David L is
a good business - a lot of Gary be
looking at let's go dick not bad and I'm
know you're not a rapper so I'll give
you the benefit of the day give English
one yes okay England is definitely not
City it is our checkout line okay we're
googling this city of England guarantee
you in with City there probably is one
in the world but I mean 100 percent is
cities towns villages on uh-oh city of
yeah city of England city of England the
kind of thing well yeah
city of England here come on nah God
opinions you could have just said
singlet is my country and the flow would
from the exact it is the thing so no
roasting but like that like you said
English is my country you know it's
question you guys are the rats on yeah I
do you know we stake liddie I've heard
this too much name and now you want my
brooch and this is a white boy blue
chant reflection general question no
because you know icon days every
position we back in less sticky ticket
he's any shot to the whole trend
heavy port-a-potty Santa letter Doris
Monique entity trios all JD great the
future put something in the past we made
a little little singing Robin are gonna
like the Martinez cleans out the most
can we see doing we think we better hit
it roll they don't be crazy but this is
lit my team is crimson have you my dear
again I don't know they're saying a
robbery headed by people Dan occupation
doesn't translation I'll run it back I
need to know if it'll run if I come
together can I get the other part for
poverty division hey bro it's everyday
bro I said it every day rolling
testicles in competition right education
geez
it's a catchy song me a shot okay then
take position zero that's enough for
this song because we have a couple more
to react you but I that's pretty good
not at all
well it's not as cringy as the Internet
is making a tea headed bangs like
realistically 26 movies no one can
really say much no but yeah that's a
good little intro that rock is made for
like if you're under 16 oh and I'm older
17 and I'm happy how would I gotta go
live you know what I mean rough I was
younger lit Sande next song you guys
think he made good money off this
anyways next one is when Logan comes in
Logan reacts and Jay Paul's like hey oh
why are you reacting which this could be
planned I'm not planning any seeds well
you know it kind of sounds like a
business fun so then Jay comes in with
locating sucks which this guy goes
ruthless okay
very ruthless and it's gonna be okay you
guys go this way this is bars to row
this one is place a little harder the
Twin Towers this one
the Logan is I'm part of the low game
I'm a maverick Department what do you
mean right brother Lee Schatz it's okay
go ahead
why don't we well my one direction no no
no no no head why should we say you guys
are here for juice well reacting to get
you oh yeah both of them is like at the
juice I was considering is like how I
was looking at me like will be six milk
Logan out on the video only thing first
then your song is unlockable game freely
no tripping the fam - oh you're just a
rebound Jesus after his name's what are
you doing Donald Trump hair flip is down
a Lambo crash movie are you oh I got a
pause that is moving they're great but
Disney Channel is also fantastic
wheelchair the videos figure out to be a
diplomatic I'm not trying to get roasted
I'm not good there although your cousin
know we both have good content rely
middle Montrose arbitrator same specific
role
reflected oh oh he helped you teeth oh
my god that's a lid condo radio G call
your timing we know how to ride I'll
give you that he was gonna on a dirt
bike wheelies bro I feel it wheelie on a
shock for like 20 minutes and I give up
Smackdown from how he comes right at
this early sorry Logan JK energy I love
when you bubbles in your car
Alex Gordon is David Connolly this is
all the chaos so got that one I like the
first one better but yeah I would be
something is like so great wasn't it
okay next song Rocket Man
so Jay called Onslow game sucks whatever
he comes in that's the second track
back-to-back no Drizzy Drake next song
is Wednesday today on steppin in the
fall of cake balls I actually haven't
even heard the full game and he does it
with where I don't know shit like ratio
is loud yeah yeah
low gains broke 1 million likes oh my
god in water won't be the tag no I wish
well please put in the tag where I need
the juice with it anyways for all of Jay
Paul why don't we which is his man like
on the click will come up from the coma
huge mean why don't we is amazing okay
let's all just listen
they're not because oh I don't know I'm
grindin no I don't meet wolfy rather I
don't run at sixteen bills why don't you
go down a bit okay water leading why
don't we put your brake back on your
name right what's going to make on a
minute ago if you guys roast me up
coming back and getting closer Douglas
is why we figure out that it's dog bro
next college a car shut up no gosh can
we roll a single visitor generally
acting to go this one uncle
same house same houses you do you want a
car to attorney with the dog in the
background calling my little calling the
top little brother be really good huh
but let's not forget how you guys okay
I'm the Egon okay we don't have to
settle down on that let go hail brother
GG try to me what God throw this away we
shot video okay shake it shake effect
dreamy right cheese make you famous but
it's about to happen 20 please don't
have to read all the moonlight but my
shadow was right I also you know get out
of yeah no gimmicks you tellin me you
got money you got barks it's not cheap
what's your big cheese for your favorite
friend on another
so indeed a particularly dear friend
when you've got none gee I think you
kinda go Peter I'm the favorite gonna
thank ya brother kill me okay you should
knows you know a little good hey nice
shirt yeah yeah hey Kim Logan's work and
he didn't bleep it up so diamonds
diamond and while he comes in this guy's
hairs leave he did his finger he came
your opera's no don't we have tonight
each other that guy in the back is one I
sure this is the big league Patrol is on
some lonely I agree
Logan are the enemy saying you are
comedians I will accept this obviously
Wickham Richburg know you're really hurt
and then this part common hold on I
thought by the music stop no no nice
Sylvia no no Kate got a little violent
rage with that and if someone can talk
to me an SD card I need to hold up a
second rich you have that way you
setting a blog to come in your pocket
here four years earlier but yeah he
didn't drop the second breaks it's
supposed to come out on iTunes or
whatever anyways the last part is when
right scum comes in and right come we
all know has bars restaurants bars
letter he writes 100 percent her to get
rapper help them there's bars and he
delivers them Jeremiah writes killer
John alright bring back rice gum blogs
they let you regret some extra to raise
comb comes in and just steps in Cochise
Alyssa violets rain and rice come just
goes in so they Africa
it was good yeah we did we already heard
this guy's yeah come on I presume all he
goes in there know what is totally
insane good good okay what do you think
I could tell that you came back oh yeah
yeah I'm a cheerio yeah yeah right so
Commerce yo dis I'm a good place on him
nah hate y'all geez 8-ball Jay I got
here to race Rogo those lines are Bob
load yeah yeah okay agile bar odor was a
rock hard
the other ones are just like a you can
write it pretty quick but I'll give them
some pretty good song from it this is
rap the Paul brothers get their out of a
club there was personal all the hair the
respond like custom all right on just
going on his good like now make a hit
right now I like your squirrel friends
in class that's our harvest no no no
Gaza you're serious Bob you don't come
our models pierre-yves I'll I'm sorry
this is disgusting
tell me cute kid oh no no drinking Nicky
flow Roman coin idea that's a shot back
to show big things never do but yeah
yeah never cheated out
Giavotella bridge now geez you used to
be a former Miss Phillips and now get it
so that's it there's all the funds we
all love you guys it's just such a
competition your content all in all I
will give up all rather this you guys
are very good at like keeping people so
this is here now you don't think I'm
brain here kill me in companies don't
you mr. Onizuka Jay Paul didn't want the
shade on his back anymore
so you said wolfy you handle this ignore
or have a wedding and you mean Logan
Paul right no what do you want me well
somehow a million is great they both do
David hacked the system is somehow the
second result is look if you guys want
you to drop it and it's not the leg
worth million libraries I'm dropping I
don't kick million like back with no
thousand legs that I'm dropping it on
your head top second verse let's get it
all started a blog like comment down
below what else what else you want me to
react to in the future subscribe to all
men's all your links will be in the
description here we love you all no gang
big ballers right right Mike IP n Brian
sweetie baby don't run such a penny stop
promoting and I asked you guys to
non-potable fewer we say a little bit
more savage - yeah - I don't
