good morning a yo what could you a wolfy
welcome back to morale whoopee guys
welcome back to another episode of rainy
old Ottawa the clouds are on the boat
as ice operating from last night to this
morning so we're going to make the best
of the day today I hope you guys are
having a good day go down and smash that
like wonder if you guys are excited for
another vlog and most importantly
remember to stay savage today because we
are the most savage family on YouTube so
let's get it on that no I'm going to
start with my my berry juice
ah I'm wide awake started coffee you
know your dogs are weird when they
literally don't eat food edible they
refuse the food out of the bowl but when
it's on the ground Prince will eat it
and then wolf he's waiting for me to
like protect him so that he can go get
the food will feet you're fine come on
come on come on go get your food I'm
right here you can back up into me are
you gonna eat it now oh now you're gonna
eat today this cloud is cheating me
you guys are so bougie if you don't get
fed you don't eat like what do you hate
I remember when I was like what's dog
used to humans like six five something
seven I don't know I remember when I was
like 1 year old human years I would have
to get fed to so I'll give Wolfie a
break right now but I mean because dogs
age so fast you get probably like
another half a year and then if they
catch you sleeping again then you kick
down the house so start maturing
everybody over you know Prince to be
reading the same piece for nine years
jeez principally it was literally scared
of the dog food they just kind of got to
know about that I don't know how guys
would be but we ended back up in the
jeweler and I have an empty middle
finger and I'll sing if I should yes
just get a whole brass knuckle looking
at and I'm seeing some shot just keeps
dude oh oh my god so we'll see what what
happens when I leave so you guys know
David's obsessed with DVDs I've exposed
them multiple times buying DVDs when I
mean you can pretty much find any movie
you want online these days but he loves
collecting the cases for some reason so
a good troll is not a trouble without
spending money so you know what David
we're here I'm gonna get you some
Rock'em Sock'em hockey three bucks
cocktail okay I'm going to get you some
Don John how do you know it's like this
was a good one Scarlett Johansson Joseph
gordon-levitt big actors Julianne Moore
okay so Don John and then give you one
that you I know you love asking Kutcher
and this one's blu-ray so we're getting
you Adeline Kutcher whoa whoa Steve Jobs
is that one sister oh this is the movie
on Steve Jobs life well I'm down to
watch that yeah I might watch this oh
god this and they also sell in Red Bull
on till so we're gonna call that fedora
grandma yo DJ you're a July I mean this
is a real
you know loosely Elias only Joe Joe
Bongo you're eh you're not here but you
know I'll copy this ritual purposes
buddy I'm getting you Marian Gaborik oh
yeah oh that is right how you know that
is 3.1 goals in a season usually right
Bongo this is you ro Marian Gaborik I
got your dogs guys I cannot deal with
YouTube taking over what do you see on
the right side of this box read that out
loud viii why kinetics and in the dollar
store for $3 it's a cop you're Dave
you've been doing a lot for us row row
you got any friends Jesus all I gotta
say is wrong I appreciate it bro just
take the move along they're on sale bro
you're on sale one of them green so yeah
I appreciate it
I know yo I'm trying to watch that on
camera
chill joke for the other two girls I
know you like Rock'em Sock'em there you
go whoa whoa whoa I can another Joseph
gordon-levitt
take y'all that's so nice yeah yeah yeah
bangers I'll take that back no thank you
okay guys so been a change of plans on
what we're going to do today basically
the boys just inform me that the
landlord is going to be back in town
soon for Ryan face because of their
whole health situation they're figuring
that oh because I got to figure out this
new house and all this so you guys don't
remember my prank that I did here's a
clip from this room is so friggin messy
actually hold up ah there we go
I also definitely ruined Ryan's wall in
nineteen different spots guys your boy
is going to have to repaint this room
but on it's out 20 20 different swaps I
was holed the most jobs left a little
bit of a mark on the walls down there
and there and over there and everywhere
and there's something drilled in the
hole from Dustin's video so that's and
low key you gotta help me clean this too
because now there's just strings hanging
down with like screws in each friggin
wall you guys don't know you're not
supposed to do that if you're just like
renting a house so obviously we have to
make it look spic and span like it was
never even touched in the first place so
we're going to cause more cops and
paints the landlord specifically said
don't do any colors don't do any colors
to the wall if you do something that are
crazy
I mean landlord what are you talking
about because this is the ugliest
mustard yellow I've ever seen in my damn
life
but I won't do mustard yellow I'm
thinking comment down below what color I
should do maybe like a pink like a neon
green neon baby blue popping you know
like you give it some innocence I've
given some personality because right now
it's like kind of a dead room it's kind
of depressing to being it's almost as if
there's been like multiple pranks in the
term or something so comment down below
what you want and then when we get to
the store I will flip a coin and then
you know if I if I lose the coin flip
then we're going to extremely weird or
extreme colors on this room regardless
of what the landlord wants I don't care
because we're a wolf family savage we do
whatever we want but if I land on the
coin then I'm gonna have to paint it a
dull color so as a political gambling
and to a we'll see what it's like I
don't gamble though why is Ryan coming
like this though why is Right coming
like this I don't know they hustle focus
mercy I do it did you see a little yo
you ain't it's raining outside your
rainbow shoes yeah feelings writing
papers had to open up under me
Toronto man accent go yeah I'm not like
Negros just trying to get some food or
hi or dumb it's a painting ping Oz you
need guys were about to figure out the
painting God Himself is going to run us
through the tutorial okay it's cool you
can use it just dried echolert okay how
long does it take to dry well it depends
on how thick you put see you later yeah
relax
it could be minute the kids a minute
okay it's pink and then it comes quite
okay let it dry so you know 24 reticule
canister first and then we need like a
basic white like paint what X no
pinellia
what finish it employer its eggshell yes
yeah
eggshell finish alert this we're
painting your room Ryan how do you feel
I'm a good friend I know your auntie
doesn't shone over your house bro you
don't need any put holes in the top
we'll show you when we get
a control device that's it over your
house that he's just trying to film
another video I'm just trying to film
you get a chat all these colors interior
designer problem yeah okay I'll pick a
color that you think if I had to use if
I had to wear any color in this this row
if you have to wear yeah time to wear
any color in this row which one either
this or like looking that there's no
your boys challenge ago depot yeah you
are a lots of PG thing
DJ's h2 this route for me and the next
removal this role you which one which
one do I like in this whole section okay
lastly no no like okay for what clothes
do you like which one do I have to wear
in this whole section where I won't go
that's alright which one pick one this
one this one this one oh that's the
exact color I was looking at okay no
your boy wait what'd you say boy keep it
where I'm buying the room yeah so go
expensive that you said it not cheap why
are you going to on cheese let's go I'm
cheese yeah I've heard your room though
you know I wanted the other ones yours
oh yeah let's go cheap let's go cheap oh
no I have to flip a coin I told the wolf
Sam I said if I win then I me then we go
regular color and then if I lose when we
go do you ever coin
Pongo do you have a coin no I'm not a
goof Oh DJ has a coin of the coin here
we go guys coin flip of the white time
slow-mo time
I want head epic tales it's purple sorry
I'm not this time we're going to
overcook thank God okay
I came here for paint to the brush no no
I'm it's nothing longer than this guy
has got we got a Purdy set for him to
meet all this we need all of this to
paint you need the trade and there's how
are you going to dip your paint and
people could dip it right in the
freaking pan on oh I need this so you
can get the Cornish these reef anything
that's really quite nice really need
this so that you can see the refill you
then you need with it so that you can
patch the log do you need this so you
can stand down your project come on you
need this to give to your mom so she can
have how are you oh my god check out my
channel you think I came here just for a
roni earlier on you know what are we
getting
Oh getting the hair paint paint rose no
no right always because my room's over
right now my rooms over starts out that
was it haha not all wack before I need a
come back then I went this is this -
actually this is the drawer you need to
reset your jokes you need to start with
a new life well a new joke okay this is
over this is where say that one more
time it's a tradition that we get some
good puns are you guys are bad news and
I have infinity power there's some
pretty violent about to do that one bro
you want you want me to teach you all
the nice lines no you know I'll hand
them over to you they're in the Pro Pack
Richard hunky guys Bongo started the job
without me
step number one to a good paint job is
that you want to throw the paint on
that's pink sitting in paint this is uh
this is called drywall time drywall
patch pad number two is that you want to
unscrew things Dustin put it for his
video back then you're making a mess in
this room step number three you want to
wait for this pink stuff to dry so you
know what let's just uh just uh ah okay
that is what I'm talking about
that step just looks like face full of
pimples right there I thought I'm
talking about that pimple cream is lit
next step is we have to wait until
basically this turns white and this one
is starting to turn white but all the
ones over there are still pink ass so
we're going to wait a little bit maybe
like ten twenty minutes until they dry
up and then we can start sanding them
down I forget what step we are but I'll
put the next step on the screen when we
turn it quick intermission the grind is
real and you need your friends not to
drop the video so they don't take the
cloud off your video game scene new
video coming soon
yo David yo YouTube's messed up bro
don't drop it eight apparently like
business bug going around shit you have
to drop like 8:30 9:00 nothing's going
in and sub boxes right now yeah yeah
nothing ok bless okay except for T it's
7:40 yes Johnny 30 real job gonna drop
oh yeah yeah Bernanke's grinding oh you
know there's no you you gotta get more
subsidies yeah oh my god this bag can
pay for my whole schooling tuition this
could pay for my dogs
this could pay for both you guys this
could pay for my tripod this can pay for
my whole house I see the YSL they
already know what it is
so you actually beat me to the designer
so now I feel out of the loop they too
floodlight we're moving on I'm feeling
good my being a little sick but if if
this is what's going on today I might
have to be at Gucci tank so today is
attempt number two at the the cottage
life the thing that DJ got basically the
thing I couldn't go to the other day but
it was raining really hard the other day
it is very nice out today so we're going
to try for attempt number two today this
morning I'm feeling pretty
I need to get a coffee because I was
woken out to a huge thud on the window
and I look outside
I'm just napping on the couch and I see
this guy bringing cleaning the windows
on a giant ladder like there was no
morning it wasn't like no we're coming
out there it was just boom and then I'm
just there I could have been freaking
naked my windows could have been open it
just could have been a big message money
but definitely the doors were closed and
Jess my share was off but goddamn that
scared the heck out of me I was not
ready for that anyways I'm picking up
some packages this morning before I go
because I've been waiting on these
packages to arrive like a film this
certain day hair video that's coming out
and well um oh I might pick up some hard
off and some Hamburglar amber Cameron
hamburgers because you know a cottage is
a lot of cottage without barbecuing food
and snacks it's lit alright guys so
we're going to see what FedEx has for me
today I gotta grab the tickets and I'm
praying that it's something good I'm
praying that it's something good because
there's a lot of packages delivered to
this house and I just don't want useless
stuff anymore so let's get it
no clue any of this stuff is but I'm
going to open whatever is mine right now
okay
why is it that literally I get more
excited over getting the packages and
then I come here and Sylvia still gets
two packages and I only get one package
like what could this even be like I'm
going to order you I don't try and get
close I go guys this is why my car is
not made for vlogging literally my car's
not made for vlogging oh my god I need a
knife whoa whoa what is this
yo yo yo is the last people that I
expected to get something from yo saying
YouTube send me something alive holy
okay I'm going to bring this to the boys
house right now and then unbox it fully
but thank you you too okay guys so I'm
at the boys I'm going to open up this
thing as you guys can see it's
handwritten so it might be like a scam
thing but it says you to buy the top I
don't it hey Charlie we reached on
January didn't hear from you apologies
for the delay
here you go Kendra on behalf of the
YouTube see what is it the Pens there
youtube black yeah the YouTube block ah
I'm in the black community let's go here
and what is this
alright are you in the black community
but you're not exactly sit down bro yo
yo DJ digit cheese oh hey drop the deal
yo shut up I appreciate all dark-skinned
people you know I'm a light-skinned but
I'll be on happy to other secretly one
do I come at dear whoopee this is a
secret play button technically let's see
right up oh my god
oh no pins for all man no they they say
under the pins of my own face secret
play button peep that and it says really
to say it's lit on the bottom
that's hilarious okay yeah y'all caught
old man's one shout-out to everyone
everyone gets one I got my YouTube Blake
I'm gonna keep my headphones on these
sluts on set what day is it
I don't even know what this is Oh
like camera throwing things to put on
your camera yeah they make your iPhone
look lit and then I just got a bear pin
and something else oh you do black one
for you the rest for your fans Gigi's
it's a vibe hi guys so comment down
below and hit the like button if you
guys want to customizable what HIV baked
your cheesy conditioning so if anybody
wants one of these pins all you got to
do is smash the like button that will be
sending them out to people and giving
them Duran people you can honestly I
have way too many for my own good a
ridiculous amount but shout out to
Kendra shut up to youtube black this is
amazing y'all I'm using red alright well
what you saying we read people room what
do you thing about regular what do you
think the arquillians closer he'll you
don't want to film from controversy
point is I'm YouTube's light-skinned
YouTube's black and YouTube's white
house and make money off youtube red
eyes yeah okay guys so update on what's
going on today
David forgot to bring something to the
cottage so before we leave to the
cottage we have to pick it up we're
running really behind schedule
it's okay we're gonna make it work
whatever we have to do to make of work
we are going to make it work because you
know savages don't give up so we're
looking for spikeball right now you guys
know the game we played on David's
channels lick do they have it is the
question let's see if I can find it this
isn't looking good
we got like dirt got a bunch of other
like golf stuff cool lacrosse basketball
hockey
so we're spikeball then here called got
it spike and smash you know there's ups
and downs but everything but we got it
we got it
ro David never forget again Bruno cause
now well hold up three game in one
sports in two idea yeah I called this
trampoline anchor kit
woody eight there's on revolvers it's a
water balloon ping us today I don't care
I'm spraying everybody with water
balloons at the cottage today it's going
to be late and I can feel like sixty
water blues at once and fling them on
this little scoop and slam thing so boys
watch out I know you're watching the
vlog a day late if you watch it if you
don't watch it all the wolf amour
watching a regardless but regardless
you're all over you're all over
your Allah we are here you're here yeah
here we're here guys look at this view
wolfies exploring got my tongs on well
he's never been in the wild this is
beautiful
adventure all he's ever been on
literally Wolfie has a wild feel okay
game anyways guys we literally beat Ryan
jad and Blanca are going to come after
but we beat Ryan here and we beat Shawn
and David and we went to Walmart to go
pick up treats and Canadian Tire and we
still are here before them because
apparently Sean's car legit ran out of
gas they must have pushed the limits on
the highway on the side of the road and
now they're going to the gas station so
I got to be here soon but we have time
to kill so I'm going to fill up these
water balloons so that when they get
here because became something I give
them a cottage welcoming my smoking them
with the water balloons this is
literally where I shot I think my third
vlog of all time I was sitting on a
bench that was used to exist right here
everyone else was sitting on this bench
I can vividly remember as cooking some
sausages on this barbeque but a barbecue
is here so yeah I called it if you guys
have never seen my blog go back on my
channel it is called I think it's on my
main channel too before I started more
wolfy it's called definitely afraid of
fire
Ryan loves that like that's one of his
favorite videos of all time we parked
the cars right up there and we ended up
leaving the cottage early because it was
so hot so we left it like 3 a.m. but I
just remember that vlog because it was
one of my first vlogs ever so this is
amazing what's so these water balloons
I'm cheese guys the water is not on
right now and the boys just pulled up I
don't know if you see their car right
there but I'm just going to have to hide
these water balloons and then get them
randomly because they're here I was not
expecting them gone wrong part 3 when DJ
dumped the box out of the spike ball it
had the needle for the game so now we're
playing with a deflated ball but it's
kind of late the bass was not bald
it's actually better it's actually is
better now we asked here to find this
needle can we yeah we found one guy's
rocket owner rocket motor rocket owner
those immune to order rocket owner yeah
that's what is this analysis we're ready
ooh let's go saying the pollen is coming
in guys
purchase me Oh God it's snowing I got
father device oh my god rocket to pause
here or come here ok Wolfie chill you
guys happy guy
dammit so we just finished filming the
soccer town could use a panel link in
the description will be there then we
did spike ball now we're moving on to
the water scene so the water team's
gonna be late what no you didn't you
didn't you didn't win anything to be
fair you had easily the worst spike ball
player on your team
right right three races I know Ryan it's
so bad it's like all guys I think we
need to start a GoFundMe to get him
lessons to place my gosh link in the
description sign up GoFundMe please
donate please donate music Ryan needs to
get better and how does it feel to suck
at cycle your lid yeah I never missed a
point buddy so now we're headed to the
water with a boat shoutout yachty this
ain't a little boat and then we're going
to hopefully see somebody drown today AJ
call this is his first woman lesson ah
Oh your shoes are whoa white shoes on
this you're crazy okay well if you put
his legs in and see if he doesn't the
dog thing won't be come on buddy good
boy good boy good boy crazy swimming
lessons absolutely insane well good job
I'll find my girl up for swimming look
this is the lifeguard
yo I'll pay for it I'll pay extra bro no
no no no no no no you're you on Baywatch
jeans like ever is writing list yeah it
is nice oaky
I'll have a circular Rock absolute
garbage but I'm still skipping it
minimum five times just cuz that's how
much he I did this over here okay I was
a free earth has a bad Rock bad Rock
come number two this one's really bad
but here - geez I got two rocks they're
not really that flat but they're kind of
flat but I'm going for at least to say
ten skip cause first one is the worst
wrong it bounced to I on the first one
second strike you Oh
a lot getting in the broth occurred DJ's
asked about the current to the sky
canceling because I came to him he's
like can I grow literally this is like
the comments water I've ever humanly
DJ's charity just her doesn't know to
swim guys cheese cheese cheese it
doesn't know it doesn't he does not does
not eat living off my yoke is Jesse says
yours the current good that's what I'm
wondering I'm getting scared
you always there under tight yours are
under drag I'm stressing runs checking
on chatter yo you're the currents too
crazy angel Jojo interesting sessions
Jesse's Jason Ryan's too big to move we
can all right it's not room it's not
helping out with Shawn
help him out ro Ryan broke yeah you're
yeah you get out of the boat you get out
of the boat push yourself to make a
bobsled excuse me no no Ryan you're over
here oh yeah yo on a side note I
actually found an acorn noise each yeah
please without a little bit of trouble
as if she did this in public you're
teasing me bro can you make some moves
on to the free water holy crap in 25
minutes
check him are you are you good
did you make it off the said you're in
the water no no you have to race cars
chili and rice vinegar Brian come on bro
race Ryan's 40 meters oh now you just
can go backwards where he doesn't know
how to come forward he's panicking he
said he no no no you're not an outdoors
middle life and not details panicking as
you know it
stranded in the water for like 25
minutes this guy is so scared he's so
scared he needs to come back in to come
back and go go go all right wolf am I
was talking about there I can't lie but
they were giving me the wrong
instructions but look at life I couldn't
do that but you can't fly a drone do you
think letting them fly is drawing it's
right there so we're going to see how
Charlie does no hands no hands in is
going to go watch a DJ music music oh he
put on active board music this is sick
it's following BJ for those who don't
know drone yes he seated I tried my best
and inaudible I was looking to join your
pistol look at you yeah but active would
you snake wolf man listen for you
favorite part of the night that the hot
dogs and everything's on the barbie and
check yourself I'm whipping the Sun not
too high that way that way
oh let's go
world record that nice angle oh man
you'll see these hot dogs are for all
men and just like that we are done at
the cottage
the shoot went good it's a rap it's
going to be a banger on DJ's channel we
got to get back because I got to sign
some stuff do business will be and then
I have to film tonight too so and I
think the off waited so I'm excited to
go home let's go okay here it is off
white shirt is here we're double rolling
it I'm going to get my mom to sew it up
so little bit baby I got double XL but I
think it looks more baggy because with
these little shorts but here's the back
of the shirt off ways in the off white
shirts here and make shrink a little in
the wash tube so that's a shirt and then
there should be something in this box
yeah I think this is it okay
this could be mumbles Gucci this could
be bongos Gucci flip-flops to come on a
Widow's but unless we should go clubbing
you ever hear the song great I just can
you keep it flush or that song - Oh what
are these I'm on her sake anywhere oh
fuck - oh my body usually do frigid yeah
yeah everybody's were on sale either on
sale look at Versace on my on my
underwear Versace on my ring Versace
everywhere now we place the first rap as
early white the black ones were context
so I had to call more white bumpy it's
off more Versace underwear and we lose
these bumpy morisaki Oh what else do we
got in here is Blanco
I should be delivering this to you today
my whole look at box that's a clean bug
your that okay now I can't do it I gotta
let my apples not yeah is all Bongo I
love you guys there's that watch out for
this mate
no one's gonna go talk later right when
this is in your face no one could know
what oh my brain is this don't worry
about it
there you can game so hopefully you guys
must be seeing things
I'm like $10 a week that is no where's
my rock this is made out of real quick
real coil usually lit to burn the sound
oh you're miss Scott omegamon girl your
Justin Bieber spotlight what is it that
brand that's criminal breaking it
criminal off whoa and all I gotta say
playtime is I got no time to play no
games Ian what attack about physical
slam years ago
oh boy Taylor wolf em just know I'm out
here grinding for you guys late night
literally I think I'm getting sick again
losing my voice but Twitter wolf am I
will stay up till 3:30 a.m. any day
because we stay savage out here you
already know what it is wolf am so on
that note I think it's going to be an
early morning for me just know that this
is a hint at what's to come soon I don't
know if you know this is but it's gonna
be profit so if you guys enjoyed the
vlog I need you guys to go down and
smash that like button let's hit thirty
five thousand likes on this vlog comment
down below three a.m. gang ok I need all
my people to comment three I'm getting
that way I know you made it to the very
end of the vlog not going to put it in
the description this time because you
gotta just go straight to the
description and cheat your way into the
comment section so if you made Felix
porn in the vlogs
comment down below 3 am yang and I will
see you guys soon on moreover where we
stay a little bit more servers on my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
