good morning a u.s. history wolfy
welcome back and more wolfy we just
caught the airport
we're leaving New York right now going
back to Canada last night was absolutely
lit so smash the like button if you guys
want to see some collabs in the future
Tanner and me I think about doing some
collab next month and it might be super
late you guys want to see that hit the
like button couldn't it's the like
button hell yeah so nice new y'all the
Cougars creators of our own content and
here's the fucking thing but it was good
to see other you ever play we can
translate creators of the future of our
launch idea anyway like be great and I
make videos you know I think would you
wanna be one okay I owe ya one be wise I
wonder you wanted everybody there was so
sick meeting Valle you to visit this is
my event let me thought no ever quick
one second bro what I will tell you
already know what it is is your boy Ryan
sways a gay that light-skinned Jason ash
but I okay okay okay but it was good to
be great to do so the worst possible
thing just happened to me that got me
absolutely shook the worst thing that
can possibly happen before you get on a
plane before you enter the airport if
you lose your wallet so I lost my wallet
I was stressed because these Pam I mean
they just have like slippery pockets so
it slipped out I guess it slipped out in
the uber because I called the uber on
the hotel
thank God that were had it tip them 20
bucks he's a real old G wolfram so now
we're in here and I can get food then we
can head home free drinks alert in the
porter lounge cheese so I get Starbucks
when you can bring it to yourself
cheese and water
god I need this but there's literally no
food options here guys they're in subway
before he came in cut that and now
there's Pringles on the chocolate bar
said there's gonna be food there's no
food
one more flight house until we are home
you guys already know how to do it to a
extra liquor legroom you got the
emergency exit right here and relax it
only cost us 20 bucks extra got one play
left back to Ottawa see my dog see my
girlfriend it's going to be lit
literally we haven't eaten anything it's
12 o'clock but only separately o'clock
as soon as I get back I'm showering and
then we're marking the biggest meal of
ever
astronaut Leif I need to pick up my
baggage hopefully it down there smash
the like button guys wish me good luck
I got lost on the plane I'm pretty much
true so to last that before we go
actually home and get to see the dogs
guys this is the airport challenge
security called cops kicked out the fire
ecology that literally pauses you yeah
you see we do I just put on so if you're
a likkle one try it out try the airports
on and tagging airport challenge viral
perfect okay chill the airport
challenges for the wolf gambler you're
Uli wolf down little minions of minions
need to get up holy whoa whoa take a
hold up yeah I think I see my luggage my
luggage talks clearly this guy's gonna
fill up better here the ended here
Dustin wins the airport challenge okay
guys the worst possible news I literally
just had to call Porter Airlines because
apparently when we sat down in Toronto I
was supposed to grab my bag and then
clear through customs there and then
bring it with me to Ottawa or something
I don't know usually when I take the
flight it just goes to my final
destination so I didn't even think to
grab it in Toronto and then bring it
here
so they said someone is going to come
down and try and help me out but luckily
I didn't have any of like my vital stuff
in in that bag because if I did your boy
would not be able to drop videos it
would be a whole shitstorm luckily it's
just clothes and like deodorant and
stuff but there's bear clothes in there
so like half my wardrobes in there so if
I don't get this there's gonna be an
angry Wolfie on your hands because I
need all my stuff I need my clothes I
don't have my clothes so Porter you're
on the line right now
you're on the line right now Porter
house is dinner right now guarding
the boy is wearing all white so I can't
be taking no news today I literally said
hi to the Silvia the Silvia
so how's the dog and everything is great
but you just haven't eaten all day so
Quatro Quatro
let's eat that's inductively is drive
extra buffer begin to be increased and
they give me mount to the fries
beautiful I want your word saw in front
that's the words five extra dollars with
it what is it what is what you got
taking oh my god call your dad cheese
Joey this is fabulous you know and this
was free laid itself
so I found a five dollar bill in my and
my bank account yo yo chill chill chill
no no not just between you guys the
whole cable thing there's five dollars
here okay I found it in my wallet I
don't want it so no no you play against
Ryan you play against Chad and dad plays
against Dustin and it's just like a
competition okay here is the register
here okay go to three two or three all
the currents please in the next round
production
wait okay Brian inductance two out of
three five bucks fuck poker face Oh
all right never losing see what else who
wants to play
one one all right David play bongo play
play bar go to play him 203 just so it
makes it even
to the tude
yo net do in yeah okay are you going now
okay I'll play someone I'll play some
work all
he borrows in the file bombers and sales
big gold I want a chill chill joke
no no no no
all right
five dollars i men I actually give prize
money I could give that but whenever
whenever after you're getting it back
when the deal closes no why do you like
it a lot awesome in ten minutes though
I'm sure I don't have it at five bucks
gonna be okay
land it on a two man it on a tooth for
20 bucks
do you know these angles when you're
free throw your next the ever gonna go
go go go we're this DIY angle growth yo
yo yo yo yo
okay now if I land on a - everyone owes
me 20 bucks
y'all got to throw on the file and on it
- 30 bucks
okay yo David only this save it hit my
arm boat I am cheese literally I gave
away my five bucks now I can't even pay
for my party oh the things I do to my
friends literally now your boy is gonna
have to sell himself out do some in
Greece right now the class second
district just in pieces particle a
weenie
everything ripping okay 30 approval
approved no no no usually please retry
some condoms
this is not a thing
tonight pretty good easy guys I got a I
got for you to weight off right now holy
we out here we got accepted let's get it
okay guys so I'm going to let David
drive home because I want to explain to
you oh my god what just happened with my
whole bag situation
so basically when we were in New York my
pants are like slippery pants or
something
so my wallet fell out of my pants when I
was in the uber so basically I lost my
wallet in New York before right as like
there was like 45 minutes until the
plane was leaving so I was obviously
stressed out there because it has
everything I need in it so I lost that
called the uber guy back he brought it
back he's a nice guy
tipped him 20 bucks just because he
brought it back that was dope but then
you guys know the whole luggage
situation basically I checked my luggage
because I had stuff like so much stuff
and it was just over overflowing my
luggage so I was just like hey I'm just
gonna put in my bag and check it I don't
want to hold it so then when I checked
it I didn't know I was supposed to grab
it in Toronto and bring it or bring it
through customs and then recheck it
again or something so that I don't have
to carry it so basically I I screwed up
because some of the flights that I've
been on like that's never happened but I
will give Porter this they do have very
helpful and nice employees charge to the
porter go worked in there who's wolfram
who helped me get my bag by the way but
I got to Ottawa after calling the wrong
number four times so that stressed me
out as it is but then I got to Ottawa
and talked to the Florida girl she
brought me down she's like yeah yeah it
was a black bag right and I was like
yeah that's what we hear on the 4:30
flight she brings me down there into
some room and she's like oh this isn't
your bag so then just as she says it's
not my bag the other porter guy who I
talked to earlier comes down and he's
like the 4:30 flight just landed not too
long ago let's go check in the big
circle so me and him were standing there
for five minutes and he was getting
stressed out so he goes on the phone
because he doesn't know what's going on
I call Sylvia and just as I'm calling
Soviet I say four to screw me over
my bag shows up so shout out to the
people that helped me with Porter I
guess I just need to get used to flying
with you guys but
yeah I got the bank David driving the
castle smart one I'm going to check
because maybe something got stolen out
of it but it seems pretty heavy so now
I'm happy I can finally breathe and get
all of my day grin parents come are you
hiding Prince come on come here
if you growl at me you have a problem
everybody good boy good boy
oh he's growling French does not want to
come out of hiding
hey Prince what's up welcome back you're
just attacking when I got home now what
you got enough of me good boy huh and
you give attention to one the other one
shows up
get your wolfy hey wolf kept a little
peek good worry wolfy
ah well guys I'm back reunited with the
two dogs reunited with the car crashing
almost outside when I was reunited with
Silvia heading somewhere
why can I not get her and she says eh
and guys put it this way I was so
stressed out because of everything
happening today that as soon as I got
home pretty much I've passed out until
right now
it's like 11 o'clock at night and I'm
just going to start editing for like
pretty much the whole night I think
tomorrow I already know that I'm going
to get sick because I have to pull an
all-nighter tonight don't want to get
this video up tomorrow because that's
not should I be sitting inside my house
I'll be editing in struggle is real guys
so right now I'm just transferring some
stuff for my laptop onto my computer if
you like haven't been in this room for
ever and then you know only was in New
York for like two days like a day and a
half I don't know what Wolfie is chewing
in my corner but this guy's been licking
wall for the past like hour because me
and Silvia won't play catch with them
but look at this whoop you looks like
that dog that looks like an appropriate
thing this this one you see what I mean
guys literally Wolfie looks like
something is down there and we'll be
looking at propria bro I'm not trying to
show you I'm a gay district in the city
ugh
but yeah I wholly lost my voice today
has been so stressful guys but I'm but
tomorrow I should be getting back on
track so without further ado let's just
let's just get it tomorrow because it's
late that's why starting today off by
dropping off some clothes
Ryan sways I'm sorry these are Sylvia's
clothes not my time to donate clothes
you so Ryan and baggage
you're gonna have to wait a bit because
today you're giving him to Value Village
so you just got bare clothes she's
giving the guy and just like that yeah
just like that clothes are off our hands
because we have too many clothes
especially with like how much I bought
in New York I need to relax so we just
draw some clothes off
picked up some supplies for a main
Channel video now we are going to my
mom's tell us the Bachelorette is on
tonight is a bachelor bachelor
bachelorette is on tonight and I'm going
to catch up with my pants because I
haven't talked to them since I went to
New York and I said I come over drink my
coffee I should definitely eat today
because I think I've just had a peanut
butter toast like a little piece of
toast when I was editing because it was
an edit date today and then we will see
where the night takes us
all the boys are at some cottage with DJ
I was supposed to go there but I didn't
finish my editing on time and it's like
an hour away yeah beat weather outside
right now oh gosh is old faster guys
there's no point of getting cottages in
Ottawa or where we're from because the
weather is never nice enough to go to a
college so even if you get the dopest
cottage ever in pictures they took those
pictures on the nicest summer day then
you show up and it's like drizzling rain
and you're just like hey now you gotta
stay inside the whole day I'm going I'm
leaving Ottawa again I'm going to New
York or LA LA next month but we're I'm
going somewhere before that because
literally the more I travel the more I
realize how much I don't want to be here
comment down below where you guys want
me to come and I will convince Alba to
come with me and we'll just go as long
as it's nice weather we're there alright
guys so we're going to play a bit of a
game we just got to my mom's house and
these dogs always bark and our savages
and they learn from their dad as soon as
literally anyone enters the house
whether it's at my house or at my mom's
house so the game is they have been
getting better I still think they're
going to go off and bark but as soon as
I open the door if they bark you have to
smash alike but if they stay silent you
guys don't have to hit the like button
Sylvia are they gonna bark okay so let's
see opening the door in three two
well you guys know what to do that's all
I'm saying that's the like button right
we'll see we'll see we'll see if you
jump you should smash
I'm telling you guys everything time
quit
tell me hey tell me principal fee okay
okay okay okay I may have been the
shortest visit of my entire life of my
mom's house but your boy is not trying
to watch The Bachelorette right now okay
I'm a man and us men do not watch The
Bachelorette okay we watch The Bachelor
sometimes watch The Bachelorette - but
I'm not watching it tonight
I have not watched any episodes this
season I used to like watch it all the
time with my mom and Sylvia but because
I haven't seen any episode I'm not
trying to really catch up on the show
halfway through the episode and this may
be like the second or third episode so
late on that okay the boys just got back
they said exactly what I said in the
vlog about three minutes ago they said
how the weather was terrible so they
didn't get done what they wanted to get
done today and so they're going back I
think in a few days but see what I mean
guys literally how we supposed to have
fun with this being the weather outside
it's just drizzling 24/7 come on first I
lose my luggage my wallet take a day I
come back weather is bad can just please
give me something like rain fidget
spinners on us or something man all
right so we'll film you guys know I'm
the number one height beast on YouTube
so DJ said there is a sale on the site
selling off way for cheap and I ended up
going on a site and you guys know the
iconic hoodie buy off wait one that says
off on the front and then it's got the
lines on the side it's got the X on the
back it's wavy but it's 700 bucks so the
way we're going to do this shot ones off
way to for the way if you were kid is
I'm not a betting man right till
eternity beauty in rock paper scissors
that I have to get it and I beat him in
rock paper scissors
stop calling me then he has to get it so
it's just 1 for 1 not like 200 here
anything and yeah $700 ready
so they both want it we just can't just
slide it out right behind ya oh we have
to make
out of it to make us all feel better
about oh here we go and just quickly to
get myself in the mood we got to play
some 11-year old man oxen this guy has
off-white yet not 90 minute video but he
has disgusting clothes he's 11 years old
so why can't I buy it so here you might
have to buy it are you ready
hey yes no no no are you actually are
you getting it watch I thought it was
just for the video yes you're gonna get
what you got a call oh my god
well Sam I don't I don't know you guys
down I'm even going to call it's already
in the box because I was like pretty
much deciding on getting it and I got my
Versace anywhere in there Bongo getting
the Gucci flip-flop dude here we go and
I was saving my money because I when
you're all getting away so when you guys
give me an off-white and you already
know injured let's get it
you lost a bit before I do that because
I want and it's a car let's go yeah we
got it
real friends buy their whole squad Oreo
mix please all right we'll Sam so it is
officially 249 can you see that now 250
okay 250 in the morning almost 3:00 a.m.
and I don't know if you hear that but
listen can you guys can you even hear me
over that crazy thunderstorm it is it's
still raining okay I might have edited
in like a thunderstorm sound but I mean
it's been pouring from since I woke up
this morning so when I went to bed today
so it just put me in a drowsy mood
especially because I woke up like
halfway through the day because I pulled
an all-nighter last night so I have to
get my sleep schedule back on check
right now so I'm gonna go to bed but I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if you
did do not forget to go down to smash
that like button let's hit 35,000 like
hit the like button you guys have five
seconds to do it and this time I want
you to do it with your elbow okay try
and smash the like button right now with
your elbow let's hit thirty five
thousand five four three two one
okay there you go I hope you guys
smashed it comment down below elbow gang
if you maybe
vlog check it out we could be like elbow
elbow buddies right there just figure
it's kind of weird stuff and I will see
you guys soon on mobile where we stay a
little bit more stuffy than my main
channel and as always stay savage like a
wall and we will stay savage not stuffy
but I Starks se bye
