good morning ay yo what's good - boy
will be welcome back to more we'll see
guys I'm losing my voice today I don't
know what it is I'm feeling kind of
under the weather the weather outside
today is feeling kind of under the
weather as well but luckily your boy is
dipping Ottowa case my uber is on the
way right now I'm going to the boys
house and then we are going to New York
for like to date we're turning up we're
shopping literally I think all the boys
are going Dustin's going Sean's going
Ryan's gonna jazz going Bongo is going I
think the only person that's not going
David you played yourself but hopefully
we can convince David to come on the
next New York trip this was a little
last second and it was just like a Yolo
moment who wants to go and then everyone
was pretty much in so now I got to get
everything packed just now I'm not even
bringing that many clothes but I'm
trying to leave extra room in the bag
because I want to go shopping for a lot
of stuff in New York because they have a
lot of stores that we don't have here so
that's what we're doing right now the
planes are leaving this morning the dogs
are here my friends I will be Sylvia six
on the couch really sick so she's going
to be sleeping when I'm catching these
bikes
anyway smash the like button you guys
are excited for another vlog and if you
guys want elbow to travel more because I
want to travel more I want to know if
you guys want to see all of us go around
the globe oz together - first stop New
York let's get it
you don't sleep like that yeah shut the
hell up hey everyone get to hacking up
we're going do not guys knock it off all
right guys sue selection today is the
easy ping brands got the new white vans
on today then the Congress of equality
and Congress ought to a nice Congress
equity order good got his Rock Colorado
penis doesn't goes first here in Oakland
Shawn's got nmds the bladder six did you
bring the white alway enemies but I'm
coughing foot bed in here and then
bongos got D the easy brenham D hurry
cuties G
uber everywhere doing
we're in Canada now but we're travelling
international law gve let's get it just
a couple of young guns trying to travel
to New York GE just pick one of these
kids because there's only three left yes
you guys got boxed you should've checked
in online they played yourself guys a
trip is not a trip without getting
coffee and breakfast in the morning and
when I travel you know I like to have my
Tim Horton just nice Canadian liquor
brand so I'm gonna get my friends
vanilla I'm probably going to get one
breakfast and roll me over and then
apparently there's like a border lounge
to recline with quarters today and they
got like three Wi-Fi and all that stuff
usually I go with Air Canada but it's a
quarter ting today on it wife sitting
the peasant mobile when you can sit in
the porter lounge Jesus get our own
lounge so now if the waiting game until
the plane comes and that planes taking
off right now in front of your head talk
on the head talk nothing rather than
free it
it's a water king yo chill chill chill
chill
I heard 322 I hit this New York's going
to be lit all right we're off it's gonna
be late cuz
guys this year's guy the sign names like
turning up on the plane is like drinking
wine
trakula
be up on the plane I'm going to Cancun
we're going to New York 11th one came to
the end hours of Frankfurt on New York
Frank
so we just touched down a mistake okay
you shut the hell up you just touched
down in the sixth headed to New York in
like an hour and a half the boys are
going to duty-free I'm kicking you here
my goal in New York if kc9 said is there
I'm calling you out I'm trying to meet
you I want to ride a boosted board so
hit you boy up and safe travels guys
we're going to be there soon yo you have
three flips if you flip it into three
flips we're going to have a good New
York trip if you fail all three little I
don't cry crying Matt okay you have a
sub in if you want called the original
iPad yeah it's way too fun what are you
going to create or I'm going to try to
do that you can write two more try two
more tries were like that you know okay
yo yo Jack slip it please one clip we're
having a good time get the hell out of
here right
okay Sean wants to do it ready and this
is for the witness guys mature up we're
perfect following for you laughing go
1-1 okay sissy buck happening Mel ball
you know after passing the ball you
Oh yo yo
goodbye Toronto alright guys so we just
got to New York we are at the airport
right now they're people I think our
place the hotel our understand is like
half an hour away so I think the plan is
go to the hotel I gotta upload a vlog as
soon as I get there and then I think
we're probably gonna go shopping and
then get the absolutely most expensive
blessed dinner I've ever laid my eyes on
if I'm in New York I'm going hard so I'm
gonna beg to check out let's get it I
guess we just got to the hotel let me
just put it this way
the reason they invented horns on cars
was for friggin people in New York then
anywhere I'm from nobody honks their
horn Toronto it's a little worse New
York it's just like okay clearly like
you don't get what up yeah you just say
hi they say I'm here
so there's mad people doing that we
don't even know if we're like supposed
to be able to tell you yet we don't know
if they've booked us because I'm here
for a little trip but I guess we'll find
out right now so guys we're in New York
for like some event I'm here because all
the boys went but basically we weren't
supposed to come this early so the rooms
are not booked for tonight which means
you have to book our own rooms for
tonight and figure that will trigger
everything else for tonight probably not
going to be too much of a problem
because we all got brains or all
thinkers but literally I just want to
upload my video I need Wi-Fi
any wife yes me right and have no idea
what we just went literally like we took
an elevator up and this is way higher
than three floors when I said 31 well
this is something where those elevators
will realize okay let's go down without
charge it's like turn right and go it's
like you don't even know where we heard
Sean bought all the rooms it's supposed
to pay him so we're going back down
thanks for the help shot hey class
Dakota
a snot bond they got an editing station
for me and we have a views of New York
we see floor 31 Oh not crazy views but
like we can spy on these people down
there at this next rooftop patio kind of
lazy anyways guys we're officially in
New York landed as soon as I build the
city we're going to go grab some food I
just want to go explore that's all I
want to do don't have anything scheduled
for tonight so I want to explore and cop
some nice American clothes feel free oh
would you charge your camera today or do
you need one of my frigging batteries
get the heck out of here holy go ton of
hot dogs just kind of hot gospel that
was a street de la Rosa
yo somebody call the police on its a
button to call the police at any time
you're zilog one another guys we're
eating at this in a tehsil italian
restaurant just like super dark in here
it's definitely fight to make sure
anything special number two absolutely
fucking menu is in like Italian
commentary anything food or bring your
own friggin google translator what is
family poverty
good agree I love all my Italian is
definitely going okay anyways over the
chard prize money I like I'm probably
just gonna get like the most plain pasta
on the menu
anything oh my margherita pizza with
chicken added onto it oh my other pizza
with a stuff on it oh my why does it
sound copy it's a half lasagna I will be
is gone for the day boys guy will be
gone for the day okay guys so there's
this new challenge going around all of
YouTube right now is going super viral
so I want to play it on my channel right
now basically it's called the ground is
lava challenge oh so basically you say
the ground is lava and then everyone has
five seconds to get off the ground so
Brian the ground level yo why are you
jumping in front of this guy broke quite
jumping from this guy Mago de nada
yo yo the stop sign is lava you guys are
about to get hit by car anyways so
basically how the game works you say the
ground is lava everyone has like five
seconds to figure out if they want to be
on the ground or not oh I'm hot
biological ass no no no focus no okay
gonna take that back to the jeweler when
we get back to Ottawa essentially if
you're on the ground after five seconds
you're dead so you have to live so
throughout us being in New York I'm
going to be playing that game and we're
going to see how many people we can get
yo Ryan you look good what would you say
if I told you the ground level
Dustin the guard raveloe my feet are
already been out bro I asked questions
well my grounds off your love q4y he
opens a kid this game is amazing guys
I'm telling you try it with your friend
these little people it looks real a
grandchild me I'm going to be playing
this all weekend remember grounder and
see we go guys thank you we just saw
some celebrities in New York we saw the
ayo and GTO made I don't know what the
song you know the song called I didn't
want to run and it's not rich
we literally just saw the two guys that
made that song fully wearing masks and
everything I was kind of like yo who are
these guys I mean I was just like yo I
watched that music video a day ago and
it clicked in and Shawn knew and short
as you listen to rap music they didn't
know though I thought they were damn
sure they look like America's Got Talent
dance specific what that is the first
like I don't like call them semi famous
famous people he's on in New York so
hopefully we see more we're going to
Times Square now if we find someone we
find someone but I mean we haven't found
anyone because we haven't been any of
the poppin location so the Hoover should
be on its way right now and then we are
going to go to Times Square
let's J bruh what is going on right now
why does Ottawa not have this right it's
a movie scene
oh my god Hey look you're a frog
your muscles are fanned four times we
see where you guys are
this is what you get no oh God whoa bro
it's going in tomorrow morning I got you
guys don't worry brother
yeah oh yeah oh man positive brothers
let's go positive whether is positive on
this whole puzzle positive okay guys
you're on or today's check them on over
to go over the gun no no no I want to
see it we always do it you guys want a
seizure
hold it up I know I crash the nine
people there for now an event over but
guys so there's this fan he or she wants
to shut her cell phone
what's your Instagram ring hey
and they should follow you all the
people should follow you Oh miss
millions of people are gonna fall in
okay I know all of my fans all my
supporters every single one to follow
this fall season a spectator she's going
to get very far okay guys you look
behind me right here
moans I like the steps the famous steps
we're in the center of Times Square
so like I don't really care about seeing
you know pictures on it but just to say
that I was in the center a harder time
he yelled sorry along and no he's not
gay is like that Pacific I wish he did
Jeremy yelling - Ian Tom's car
day number two let's get the day started
let's go so they just put me in a new
room who by myself that means tonight I
don't have sweet in my room okay sweetie
I don't want you in my room
I got two beds for no reason I can jump
from this bed to this bed suplex
somebody on this chair got my own
hedging get my own TV that we didn't
return home last night with you guys but
solo dolo room everyone gets their own
room today I think today is a lot more
scheduled so we have to be back at the
hotel for a certain time I think it's
like six or seven it's one o'clock now
we woke up really late so we essentially
have five hours to explore New York can
it be done I don't know but we're going
to try and make it happen when you do
anything for an Instagram pic the dude
is laying on the ground to get the shot
for the girl oh my god no no no no no no
okay guys so biggest flop with the whole
trip we typed in a GPS because we're
supposed to meet the boys that like
supreme and ovo the two stores so we
went all the way to Brooklyn because we
went to the Avenue not the street so now
we're going back to Manhattan where
everything super expensive where they
got the Gucci store we got Ferragamo
they got all the friggin designer stores
there we're going to check them all out
as soon as we're done at ovo but we got
to check out a real first because
that's already in order you can come
into force without to the old yo store
long sleeves oh my god oh my god first
cop of the day is a white plain ovo
shirt next stop we're gonna supreme we
can't find the guys they're just too far
ahead of us so we're pretty much going
where they've already been Shawn flexing
show them the new shirt
Oh viola October I am the change Brian
did mine they didn't have my side okay
go right with the boys right with the
bag I'm just balling out today I'm
literally not stopping let's get the
harka texture of this store is modernist
look at this big Thomas feeling
everything the boy copped two bags two
pairs of shoes the shirt ridiculous
shopping right now Ryan building
carpeting Sean's watching soccer who's
on top now we're going to swathe nation
store urban elevators well guys I'm
elated you might not have been able to
afford to operate even though they're in
the bag bro 30% off but now we're going
to a store that Ryan's familiar with
Urban Outfitters jeez okay let's see how
much we violet listen let's welcome Ryan
in his natural habitat looking at shirts
that he knows them well he's not going
to call he's not coughing Ryan stop
looking at these shirts where you're not
coughing and don't pick it up don't pick
up shirts you're not get a car go don't
pick it up you're not coughing it Ryan
got some more like your Ryan
oh yeah that's more like it whatever
like it guys you know you're too big
mornings you come to New York okay New
York and they still don't have your size
of ham so I mean it is what it is I'm
probably not going to call pants here
but I'll eat your boy pick up some shoes
we're just going to keep looking keep
grinding and
start making tall people clothes please
nothing in the world is better than a
beautiful no I don't care we were I
think we're a play Club guys if Shawn
doesn't buy easy as he's here mere
module but he says he's buying easy as
welcome to the gang they have every shoe
in the world at flight club right now
literally there's only two shoes that I
want I want a big fat empty
I want human race for housing regular
original one they cost a lot they cost
more than the go down to be honest so I
might have to hold out on those four
analogies where the drama get easy
Brian's not going to buy the shoes you
wanted so I mean Brian don't tell me
writer each one so this place is up
selling everything
I just bought use across the street for
forty and you can see eighty and
Facebook so that's kind of move Ryan
please either easier guy agrees but you
got got a long way to go thanks a lot
grid here you try it
I'm waiting clean it easy serious let's
go John getting is easy the TV season a
life oh no wait on friggin base on wait
no no no
size up shout out to the main man here
our play Club lets you to kick you're
getting like these i oh no no no it's
gotta be the height beef let's get it
bro
shut up to the mom and dad oh yeah yeah
bro I got my ez doesn't matter to me get
I got into a question oh god take those
off state goes on yeah yeah what do you
want - that's hot water hey mama
let's go shout out shout out I don't see
them lit right now like Oh last second
but your boy is coughing these nice
Pharrell Williams aren't even offices or
enemies I think health is looking at
literally cheaper than the cream white
and Ryan's coughing the cream white and
get the cream white thing boy are you
copy when you get here first I'm easy
game Shawn's trying these are the Kings
turn on our knowledge or dancing and I'm
gonna call these because these are nice
mookee holy hell this is what the car
looks like right now guys okay nice and
kind
you guys stay humble spy shoes by you
aware and then you don't listen whoa
whoa I can't paper to sergeant by you
roldy to cable you're ripping me man so
yeah okay it is time it's officially
time we are going to the NBA live event
okay I don't really know what I'm
getting myself into but the boy is out
there I'm sure it's gonna be lit we're
gonna get some exclusive footage of the
game it's going to be amazing I gotta
shave the dirt sash first so I'm heading
down to Dustin's rooms got the ovo
hoodie on got some Z's he's on but the
black pants I wish I shop for more pants
today but we literally didn't have that
much time so to maximum but I'll worry
about it later look what it doesn't wait
your boy is fresh now holy I feel so
much better after shaving but Parliament
I definitely cut myself on my upper lip
right here blue cheese but we gotta go
after cold okay guys so we're outside
right now it's waiting for the shuttles
to come and we ran into a fellow
Canadian youtuber I don't know if you
guys know who this guy is seriously
let's go
this is my first time meeting him you
guys know him the fastest speed eater on
all of YouTube dummies it he's from
Toronto I'm from Canada so
what does tonight yeah guys hit the like
button if you want me to eat again
seriously so probably the church
literally for your feet ripple would I
be what okay I ask you a question we'll
do it and we'll do it on your channel
you can get a head start
Hey room three minutes okay but we'll do
it on a channel okay right so that's
going to be one contest I'm doing today
apparently Tanner Fox's it's on I'm
about to go say what up to him and it's
let's let's get it okay guys or at the
event I told you guys that I was going
to introduce you to Tanner wow I'm in a
movie wrong guys that waterbed roll
around youtuber on YouTube thank you
thank you baby
okay yeah firm okay don't break your leg
no don't break your foot again Tanner is
there no break your foot tender Fox you
guys know smash the like button if
Tanner hits it oh my god
let's go and I also met two under it you
already know what it is the snapchat god
the YouTube God subscribe to both their
channels links in the description yeah
learn is a split we're going to teach
you how to backside guys I broke my
ankle okay but that's because you people
yeah yeah two people in one video area
see the movie I got I got we Chanel on
chocolate anyone who runs the back
button I just retweeted okay good now
I'm down you get a refund against the
past week
I got a pretty possible one guys look at
all of these loggers right here there's
like 700 cameras 750 cameras oh right we
hire new bloggers I don't even know I
did I don't watch seeing have you
thought all these guys on the internet
and then like what is it for some people
you don't flinch every time Charlie's
best friends with happy guys here I've
never met a as you got to just talk to
want to do here is the grandpa DIY giant
gummy possibly oh yeah I've already done
it he's not even was not joke yeah I
want you guys to get a mini something
I'll have any gummy taco that's a new
wave mini is the new ways cause it ain't
really my man so 400 book your
fingernail size I'm thinking all right I
just had the event right you got
everybody there's so many youtubers
everyone's coming in we're going to see
a yo yo yo here direction we have to buy
them this is no problem oh I had 25
pairs lipstick yes it is oh yeah
get it we're just chilling we're going
to see NBA live if it's not so even
though 2018 2018 28 detail I said 2017
possible on our one piece I know Justin
Bieber but I'm the one down the period
into the event no no no no I got a title
I'm gonna say what I gotta say to those
sounds ocean house on on camera saying
they have barbers you getting your pack
yeah we're not there's a mono I'm
working Oh like I would get a fresh yo
I'm awesome borough really we got
basketball hoop more youtubers coming in
this guy bongos getting his hair cut
we got people fixing a hairline me I'm
good I don't you afraid
well bongos actually gonna get it
they're cutting much we got paid Center
up on the bat oh my god nothing but net
respect respect we got this
haha terrific you get it close
anyways guys on the block wolf and I
want you to meet someone taller than me
did other than me other than you guys
that's our to me but that you guys know
Christopher London
no it's me it ticular Christopher Lunney
right I did not know I'm in the 2k
communication is it will also pull up
your phone have you got any two guys one
guy I'm in let's go Brian said he's
going to forfeit the pearl onions is not
I want money
Christopher London is both exposed
you'll make the shot and everyone's past
I like but $100,000 cream YouTube
tomorrow
not quitting I'm not gonna deny her good
and thank you
you guys might hopefully pass the ball
like I'm not a baller okay I make gummy
viy do pranks on my girlfriend i daily
vlog but the name me and Tanner are
getting some elastic on fix up a game
all right position boys position well
hey Oh are you seeing my dog on the
bottom aggregate we need three balls we
need three
all right yo Tanner you got one shot bro
one shot all mostly the ball Ricky
double annoy this camera thing going on
right now should take like the cool
moving pictures of you I don't play ball
but I'm going to do it anyways because
NBA live for 2018
come on whoo we just got some exclusive
stuff on NBA Live 18 and showed us the
NBA life for bringing us out here this
is nuts
now they're going to like take pictures
of us and like make us playable
characters in the video game what wolf
and Fox fam you guys can play as me and
Tanner in the video game even just
Dustin will be in the video game oh my
fat are maxed out my cameras are maxed
out I don't know so apparently what this
thing is and I might be in a sports
field
but I am in NBA Live Nation then you
guys happy because basically they might
make my face on the rest on as an extra
player that could be any person in the
game I want a trophy
oh they make sure you in the door you're
trying to get in the game how did you
get a haircut I got a great live sweetie
yo chill chill chill the ground is lava
too much you marginalize there light a
fire I don't feel he or hear the song I
told you guys they're here looking out
of here
Hey
got it
we've had--we've oh my god no oh geez
Oh
yeah yeah that was it end of the Navy
species and they're getting I'm pretty
sure they're lining us up to get like
free shoes so you guys know me easily
until I die I could stop myself on the
Jordan well they're gonna get like some
Jordans with them and don't know for
sure but let you guys see wherever legal
guardian or it is woke up to new
territory and it got the bracket you
guys notice these abuses ll never get
out in the most viral song on the whole
internet unregistered you already know
today I gotta get my home well you gotta
get one you know we got one more over
here the most lips on on the whole
incident like dreaming the lowly no no
no no that invested em yeah okay to
prove lawn darts out of the water
our hospital ass no a seven-foot never
Ocho 79,000 I like it
Oh
hey one more one more no no Joe Joe he's
got one
Oh runs up the block
ending the night on the buses but no
cleaner
yeah all right guys I'm gonna do my head
shoulders log right here on the back of
the bus you guys already know what it is
there was a litlle turn-up wolf family
already know smash the like button let's
hit 35,000 like you're real wolf a mule
go down hit the like button I want
everybody to comment down below be a
sport
Kincaid and I will comment back to a
bunch of guys how your comments ready
noted a shout out to these guys for
being goons in the back of the bus that
we'll see you guys soon on mobile people
we stay a little bit more salaries in my
main channel and as always
