good morning hey yo what's get at your
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy today
is going to be a fun day because we're
starting the day off picking up weights
to get these games Silvia wanted to pick
up weights you want to go on this like
little fitness program so we stopped at
this place called Fitness people smash
the like button if you guys are excited
about today's vlog right now you're five
seconds where's all my light gang at
whoa okay I might rust all you guys hit
the like button anyways don't make fun
of my outfit I know I wore it two days
in a row okay because I just felt like
wearing it okay so don't don't question
it let's go this place has treadmills
elliptical machines every weight machine
you could ever think of stuff for
barbecuing it's like an all-in-one store
but all the dumbbells are back in the
very back so I think I might even pick
up a pair to use just because Yolo why
not if you don't want to actually pay
for a gym membership you just keep
coming to stores that have weight and
then lift them pretend like you're going
to buy something in it I think I just
test them out this giant version wait so
what do you think you gonna buy it
colors a little are you doing you can do
that you can do curls here you can do
whatever you want there's and like maybe
take like I can do your car you over
there you're gonna be doing that means
over your bike you know this is yeah I
can adjust the weight accordingly to to
your curls so you can do like little
curls you can you can choose the 50s if
you want whatever you want but these are
like very good for space because they
don't take up too much space but you
still get all the way to get all the way
so I'll just use they only have 25 so
we're going to cop 25 or so yes okay
tell me I just found this aqua training
bag you punch like a bag full of water
and this thing feels like you are
punching rocks no word of a lie
do not do not get this one
so like can't buy this one shame as
you're out of breath hey let's go talk
to our friend over here that's another
plane doing a shameless four but all in
order oh my god you're going to break it
Charles I skipped out of here this is a
very good job guys great oh stop talk oh
dear please you're being judged by the
door look at look at one of those for no
reason it looks the no reason yeah guys
Indian Sylvia end up moving if you can't
fit in your stuff in our house right now
literally it's like packed we're going
to get one of these like so those
pointed that makes it cool hello and
this for absolutely no reason
so we've got our ankle weights five
pounds a little yoga mat and then the
dumbbells are at the front all this
required to kill today
go ahead literally she has like barely
any weight was less than like 40 pounds
of weights in this girl's gonna be dead
with like one thing that I could just
throw up curly because this is how you
know fidget spinners are officially
taking over the world I've done billions
of videos on them but they are selling
them at a frigging gem store fidget
cubes fidget sticks they're just
spinners the Batman ones the cheetah
ones the camel ones this is madness so
the fidget spinners finally came in guys
by the way I'm probably going to
giveaway or I am going to give away all
these digits winners in the next week or
so because my video on my main channel
is about to hit 200,000 likes at a date
Wolfson field it so all those three
spinners are leaving but that means I
need new ones and the new ones just came
in 100 of these cuz I'm doing a hundred
layers digit spinners get ready they're
all the plain black ones and they all
have like decent spinning time so we're
going to see out of me and the boys who
can stack them the highest and then
we're going to try and get a hundred
layers like as a group which might be
impossible but we do with all school
stuff all the time but while I was
spinning this one fidget spinner I
figured out a new combo and then I saw a
little doing some more fidget spin your
trick shots because now I'm better I can
like spin it pretty fast with one finger
like this and I can also do the combo
where you lift it up pick it up with
this finger while it's spinning throw it
up with this one
I detach it in the middle while it's
still spinning so check this combo oh it
will be for president let's hit it
I kind of touched it but let's see let's
see you the combo
can you do can you can transfer
fingering stuffings pretty athletic talk
to this you can probably just to another
right here know what kind of and I know
as well you have to be you know a little
applicator I make you like oh sorry you
just been faster cuz you have more
balance and then you just pop it onto
another finger for that is because it
Canyon balancing them doesn't go
straight it doesn't you have to like
adjust accordingly and then go to the
side and I go like that yeah yeah
actually pass me I'll catch on cap this
is why I'm the best register in the
world good Gator one why are you
throwing out of tooth annuals here for
the wolf am on your head top I feel like
you got to warm up Charles for about
five minutes and then you can do it I
did it he did it tore it once I'm gonna
do a thing no way too loud ah it wasn't
food I like how you pick these
unbelievably difficult things to do and
then you keep doing it until you do it
and like it takes you like two hours
guys
I'm going to stand on one toe and like
spin around and jump upside down do
backflip and then in your face good
let's go six minutes is the time that we
have to get Ryan sways right now he's
supposed to be at the Greyhound station
my bro is back in town I told him I'd
pick him up so hopefully we're not too
late if we are late Ryan watch this vlog
in and you can see why related the
traffic this traffic I promise so guys
we pulled up to the Greyhound station
Ryan's not here what I'm gonna call him
serious
yo yo are you here no I'm not really
like 10 minutes hopefully there's
traffic
what yeah yeah I love your kid excuse
clothes on here I think we're close K
like I gotta go I can't get you what I
have to go I have to go okay hurry okay
right alright so he's coming he's coming
I just had to hurry up like he's gonna
tell the bus driver to time on it that
is like us he's waiting oh that's just
the thing that I say just go hurry up
hurry up
without thinking right oh yeah I agree
on guy that Wolfie sticking up in me
step on the gas wolf am david parity I'm
calling you out while I wait for Ryan
this guy just tweeted out helping people
feel so good but apparently David
trained home and Ryan bust home the bus
is cheaper so you didn't even help Brian
pay the ticket to get your faster turtle
you're a liar is your slang speaking of
that hey please nation is back with the
fresh haircut
did you see the I lost weight on
the triple I pose he's on his daddy diet
oh you know before you on today yeah
okay I gotta get in the gym again
okay wolf Pam so today is a special day
tonight is a special night because
earlier today I got in the mail 105th
inners and since fidgets spinners have
literally come out I've been craving
doing a hundred layers of them and I
thought how can I do a hundred layers of
finding centers because literally I
think I can also stack like five on top
of each other but I have these little
metal rods from another video and I
honestly think this is the perfect width
to go through one of these fidget
centers does it fit put a face behind Oh
literally the perfect size drawers so we
should be able to put 100 visits Ben
argon and Kindle simultaneously so we
can be a world record today on board
okay
remove the sweat shop oh yeah literally
hit three line you pop over the middle
and you are by embarking on some mental
it moves on okay and I'm just I'm just
filming the camera so I should probably
help them let's get this
so we are about halfway done I'm pop
giggling so far we've got a bunch here
and I just want to let you guys know
that I'm doing a fidget spinner giveaway
on my main channel so if you go to my
recent video on my main channel will see
rap you will see a video where I'm
giving away a bunch of cool digit
spinners but if you want me to give away
all 100 of these I think I'd only have
like 30 are the other ones hit the like
button right now if we hit 50,000 likes
on this video I will give away all these
as well because honestly after this
video I won't need them I have spoken
okay before we 550 sinners I put eight
of them aside because I told you guys I
wanted to challenge the blade see if
they're better than me exactly how many
biggest bears and if you guys have done
this at home comment down below how many
tickets is you can start on top of each
other while moving simultaneously but
the trick is you have to spin one and
then place another one on top and it's
been the other one and then keep going
you can't just go like four on top of
each other and start spinning so that's
the ghost person how do you don't know
how many can you do the better in the
class that's your little apps your base
later all right
one easy where did you play this aloud
yeah please it I meant being it okay
that's two let's go customs it to you
one more time yeah cuz I'm going first
okay why are these the splitter is your
get to do this little go hard you
snot-nosed a out of it how could
this one either just pops in the thing
without iron like Friday oxygen
you regulate now I get your all
basically noticing wasn't ready go dirty
I include not about the custom on the
locus bad angel time so it starts movie
beekeeping nice and calm calm
Tom provided um because these services
are fluffy apparent other slippery at
little brief coughing my daughter I just
that's ok
Carter I get three you get three you'd
be dustin kind of happen let it happen
complicated that's right
holy geez I knocked on those towers over
to you yeah I wolf I believe in you
that's true / I let the champion come in
the chair did you look all day back on
your head top row I'm with the policeman
you cook your old after this would lead
to just yo mmm-hmm Oh your snake you
guys so slow I was shooting for like 10
that's wrong are pigs
no this one's just Chinese Chinese word
name let's roll the potatoes the word
husband is about four and primary let's
go porky now stack it up on today's
challenge begin oh yes honey
well one what one hold on I knew using
she has been here but I was bold on the
morning get the whole the big base let's
back it up if we get every single one of
these on you have a hundred later so
right now right like 25
we're good you take Spanish hola Oh
brush it yeah yeah sorta ugh yo many for
another part to another topic a car wash
deal you're getting it up really neat
get it foot wide you're getting all
these jobs done this way I'm going to
get it yeah I'm gonna get down show here
let us belong is the way of doing it
possible
I'm coming our way we're Chinese okay
why are we talking to the bottom here on
you only sideways we're kebab you're
that said you're not sure I've got a
totally different tactic than you guys
Charlie gonna put on two we put on like
city yeah and why 500 hands up that is
for don't beautiful I'm cheap I wish we
had more space between agents it appears
it doesn't a whole bit was a little bit
all right guys check it out
look out fluid if we move it like this
it all evens out even though no matter
what way I twist it it looks sloppy get
all even zone so we have hold on
oh we have a hundred days of food
spinners right here and they all spin so
now I'm going to stack them up and give
them up under there the spinning oh I
get some Christmas hold you guys check
this out 100 digits litters at one world
record
keep it tell us this right and now watch
when we put it on the table
satisfyingly collect a bit of bathroom
stand your ass for spitting opposite
ways don't doesn't just stop
why did you stop it on your way can't
come my way 100 layers of fitted
spinners this is amazing guy so now in
the air compressor and some here will
say this is not a good initiative now
you might have use the compressor right
so the blow dryer and a speaker is
ruining glue a recording is illegal
sorry dying out there
or has their benefit the pufn pufn pufn
question oh my god is greatest' easy it
was us it's not hard although now they
go I go okay spin them you get started
this is old
we grow actually we could all right guys
blender yeah we're gonna go get the
getting Ali Florrick and honestly - not
as epic as you think and this has
limited air this is old
Oh
yo that is way
that is what I'm calling 100 layers of
fitness center school once you got the
right technique that is wavy and they
all should start around the same time
not after holiday fidgeted it'll go let
me just tell you guys getting extra
lettuce on yourself extra students does
not mean you're healthier than the
average person passes subways we're
going with the berry boost again for the
midnight snack and I'm going to grab a
green goodness which is fruit and
veggies for the morning eat your greens
kids literally while these guys are
paying for their food I'm going to chug
back you know what we'll do the green
goodness tonight and said because I just
want to get this one over with
hard-boiled to take over yolk egg way to
e4 you agree on the morning
I'm cheese guys I finish the drink I
promise literally my camera died in mid
store but just know I can equate the
drink you split up with don't line I
hate right those own lives of water
they're hate oil I finished it I only
have the berry boost left and the water
let's get it guys and the drink you spit
out and the carcass get the horse damn
container for the empty container don't
make me run back in the flesh I've been
in the garbage ages yes anyway guys
handle or you're taking another drink
here watch this speed chug on ah well
that can't be good for you there's a
little bit left
yeah that's my matter that really hurt
Oh every week I'll amuse you never vote
sounded awful I just don't Carla ha ha
ha
end of the shot all right Prince what do
you want to say to the wolf Pam to end
the vlog buddy what do you want to say
Prince you want to smash like one how he
likes you are mine what while you were
40,000 you're great bro you know the
wolf dam could probably hit like 45,000
right ok ok then what do you want in the
comments Prince is a god-like G OD or
gaawd ok ok so smell it that way ok
don't kill me bro don't run away don't
run away fridge what else
ok ok chill I'll let you go to bed I'll
let you go to bed I love you friends say
by the wolf
