what's up wolf and before I start the
video I need everybody to smash the like
button because I need all the good luck
possible guys I don't care if you eat it
with your elbow I don't care if you hit
it with your nose your forehead go down
hit that like button if you guys are
loving this series I am going to win at
the arcade today okay I'm lit I'm
feeling nice I didn't wear my uses
because I feel like that was the theory
of why didn't win last time because the
machine just knew that I can disguise
easy they must have a little bit of
money so let's just not give him a prize
so we're going back before we go to the
actual arcade we're going back to that
bowling alley that is deserted where we
lost a billion times actually a hundred
times with the soccer game but this time
all the comments were the claw game so
we are going back to dominate the claw
game you guys know how this series works
I have $100 of that fresh Canadian money
basically I'm spending it all on tokens
at this arcade this mini arcade and we
are going to see how many times we can
win it's an experiment basically we just
want to see the chance the likelihood
the percentage that regular people have
at winning a friggin arcade game so
we'll see if it's rigged you guys
already know the claw game is rigged
Silvia's with me today hi guys I broke a
nail this morning so I'm not in the
greatest mood so Sylvia is going to play
too
we're just going to stop in and out you
broke her nail I mean it doesn't really
affect oh arcade thanks to watching Anna
what this is for you guys I'm doing this
so that you guys don't have to go to the
arcade and spend all your hard-earned
money and I can do it for you because
I'm dumb so today I'm sweating though I
don't care I got this way but no easy
and no I might even take the Rings off
with machine knows that machine doesn't
know I throw the machine takes your
facial recognition before you go up and
he's like okay we'll be playing this is
Hollywood
we're going back hopefully it's not too
crowded there today pretty early in the
morning and it's like a weekday so I
don't think anyone
be there unless those people are wiling
out upholding Isis so let's see how much
we can win today guys the key to winning
at the arcade is all about the music
it's just like a football game soccer
game gotta pump yourself up before you
go to the arcade or come across some
losses of Travis right and get em
because if your amps you're going to go
in your heads going to be in the zone
and you're going to get every single
plug in you just kind of like it let my
squad to the front hey make it pick up
the object but sure so we need some
little Izzy and also you want to drive
it like a chain
pick up your granny's practice grabbing
in my news if I look at this place is
played up in front of us it says Leslie
49 Sun rifle to the captain in from God
saying that we're going to win on the
49th draft so I'll be counting let's go
get this much so guys same thing as last
time there's pretty much like a whole
parking lot full of cars but last time
there was absolutely no one inside so
I'm pretty sure there's a building right
next to it and I think people just work
there so they park here and then they go
to work there just like that lady and
the guy just started in this car so go
inside and check out how busy it is
today let's go
it looks empty I'm sorry guys dead yeah
no one comes here seriously well I do
surprised a bit in Britain going this is
like the haunted bowling alley in
scooby-doo bowling right where we are
playing the game the ball games there
and we got a few a crew of people over
so
Oh so does it happen I have to play this
- okay I might not put them all 100
bucks into the car game I probably for
like 90 because he got called into the
warfare here's more on this one but I
want to win the Claudia Soviet aspect of
a cup so today we can put the loonies in
the cup and guys check this out
same place and I went to like three
weeks ago they start up on the t-rex
stickers that I want I don't care about
those they stocked up on these stupid
frozen pencils these pens they still
have this they still have the Zelda game
and I still have this garbage prize
which is $100 with two little garbage
splash balls in it but they put the
hundred bucks to make it something like
something good so you know no one has
won it since I came here I'm not going
to play it today maybe next time but
remember guys smash the like button if
you guys like this series I need all the
good luck I can get let's play the claw
game so the only problem about today is
that this is the $1 machine we're going
to play a majority of this one and then
I can only harvest in a few times
because the girl only has three two days
to give me he says they need the two
neither everyone comes here literal we
might have to go to the bank and
exchange a bunch of these loonies for 20
there's like I mean that green fluff on
the back I'm trying to win all this Don
gets perfect wolfy genie toys there are
a little bit for prints you remember
this is like the prints yeah is a wolfy
jr. Cooper so let's start a few games
over here first game of the day how are
we doing check you know
Oh doesn't even light up no no okay
don't we have to go to bed rest for the
game I'm going for the Ross Milan in the
front actually all the penguin in the
back yeah the blue penguin gets a bit
more seconds left oh I can't control the
guard get do it Harlow penguin the thing
is so weak come on there's no print you
can't get him because this two has a
solar number two maybe we can get just
like whatever that is well I'm gonna get
Wilkie genius agog yeah it's to eat like
what oh I like my second to go
this game might be old but we'll throw
ten bucks into it
QB get anything with ten bucks if not
lure the bank into money and then try
with that one let me try
Silvia is up how did I play wait before
you put it in teach me move it press the
red button to go down and hold the red
button when you press it or it you know
you get it get another one how to had a
chance of winning it okay go for the
giraffe right there
those are ask a nice one and the giraffe
is like on the edge of this little
context of this corner so I could
probably fall over push it on the right
side and then you can push it into the
single right now great answer oh I know
maybe you're running out of time you
have ten seconds oh oh okay oh we're
dropping money on the giraffe
oh that's cool hey Minard that's what
I'm talking about
I know people cut that out we can win so
my little giraffe died he took he liked
to do the Cutie the cable this game guys
is literally in Vegas French once you
get one guy out it makes it easier to
hit friggin angles on other guys
how many cool but not really like closer
that's like coming out every sound like
a puck and we've already won one prize
we'll do a little more just cuz I'm
feelin lucky bachelor but again guys
which one you think that was not worth a
buck for your minion what should we call
him his name is raffle get on any
series this guy is some expensive I'm
not talking with that real gold
okay which one next up we have to go for
I knew we could get it out once I'm
moving I'm taking them out no you didn't
some of them are buried too deep I mean
we might move again yeah he might go
this plans like it'll pick it up and
once it hits the top it might drop it
again but at least it would be on top I
just try it once and we'll know but that
penguin it looks so easy to get but it's
too heavy
alright will thermos to you here at my
side angle as lubricant boy
you can't even go all the way to the
side sex no you can't you can't get it
oh wait there you have a seared licking
man Oh what dozen grass but nothing I
took so long to get there hit one more
Mac did you pay my money no eight the
money steering wheel
I was pressing when they give me a
family no wonder didn't work you idiot
okay
silly I thought I got a toonie I was
cheese okay all the way all the way why
you breaking wires with machine on going
again to him yes
no that one we can't get it we can't get
oh stop trying
Challenge over okay we need a break from
this machine let's go check this I said
it in one place back but I wanted to
show some you might go Cory look at
there's $100 bill oh man I know it's
garbage
first doctor of the date watch our wavy
I am
oh you know okay
my rhythm is off today time he'll be
affected guarantee anything you're not
doing you're not doing much that's a one
okay how'd I do
press it again and it'll stay oh my god
nice nice nice
Sylvia's wavy nice
I'm nervous now yeah now it's all the
same go with the rhythm Oh at least get
the minor prize nice minor prize
oh this is where I got 700 times do you
want to continue yes okay so hey wait no
I don't elect right that's my minor
select the prize and I'll press the red
button and I guarantee you're getting it
to us bigger no you hear your pin two
prizes down guys we're getting a nice
baseball team and what do you think it
was on the hook yeah baseball pen alert
and giraffe and baseball pen on that
note we're swapping the game up one more
time before we go back to that dumb claw
game I want to play the big one I want
to win an Xbox game so guys what you
want to do is you want to click on
whatever button it right quick so for
this one example is the top button we're
going to hold it for five seconds
or five and then target three times fold
it twice
fold it once hold it
then while you're holding it you want to
press the coin reject button for the
dollar
professor ten times seven eight nine ten
and check it out guys please go in there
oh they gave us three dollars back
inside of one dollar so remember three
two one 10 v 7g n 3 so we have 3
attempts of the $2 game I'm thinking
this blue I don't know what it is sound
like an aardvark an anteater or
something happen economist like Arthur
from Arthur so I want to get that every
day any day and I want the elephant but
I want you have to get in there and that
big black ball is just like the claw is
not big enough to even drop that so I
don't know whether to say yes so yes
three times yeah what you only have a
few moves
yeah I wish I could turn the clock you
can't I know we're going down Papa bull
it turned to turn one on into the school
oh it didn't even move it didn't even
move the grip on this game might be
worse and the sonic game when it goes
back his toes dad is like okay you want
to go I don't agree the same one no I'm
almost bald eagle of the firm we can get
him ready not something you'll get the
elephant try to elsewhere we're right
there beside the aardvark or good yeah
more that way more that way we're going
no let me try okay
oh one more time okay ready here we go
don't give up what motivating words
thank you machine okay let me tell you
where you are no go go for that pink guy
in the back you're running out of time
more towards that way back to the back
oh no okay go you're running out of time
just go put it down yes yes what is
going on it's a glitch thing okay
I'm not know it it looks like we got to
go get more tuna juice in batter
like $20 on this warrant you trying to
lift them up when you move but it's so
pushing machine a bit
so guys we can try to get this sent on
for like 40 tries no we try to get the
waters for like 20 and 20 on Santa
discard walrus we gave up on Samantha
was telling me and literally it's not
even Christmas and we're like trying to
honestly think they glued him so the
person in front of him hit me if I were
asked wait so only you get them they're
literally scamming people out here
I hear Tony gonna kick it away into Lock
device 150 and i won Oh bring that bring
that fill up you're going to ban tingles
leave those your boy at least a better
track but this time I gave you to claim
you get to go cool and then so far I'm
not going for the drink we're lucky I'm
doing a challenge Oh polygons are so
close look at that great this place is
ready to get worse
that's the perfect position for 3dr they
liked it I could get them in one track
well I'm your boy enough you have to get
in front okay
nothing's really holding down anymore it
just can't grab them it's like you can't
get them at this point because it's too
big nor half simple
I told you today blue keep it up he's
not good they superglued be Veronica I'm
sort of God
I think it's weirdly shaped like it's
really big with the focus on Charlie oh
my god he's not gluten zebra I got him
LT Brooke
all right guys Paco get it like this big
butt end up in a big cake yeah yeah you
can't him love it yeah that's good
you oh my god
try without mental breakdown they drill
happened over here
no looking no more to the side mordirith
me sorry can you get me good go good
yeah you got it
I think hello in a min so ever no looker
and I almost got them - are you kidding
- again just using me to shop go to
school annoying yeah ready yeah go
okay back towards the Walmart that's
good yeah go hey let me show you can
pick them up those between my guy Larry
died later
oh come here dogs coming a grill no no
no
she got the cat she won the cat she won
the cat guys let's go literally Kate
chill I said get the cat I said get the
cat literally that technique yeah I know
Sylvia learn the technique that
basically if you pit if you like copy
this is a hack
you guys have way more control pop it a
bit and then the claw will spin and then
once you get on the right angle boom
push it down all the way and it'll go so
basically she just won the cat hopefully
that helps with Santa but I don't hope
you guys saw that on the camera I'll
replay it right now if you can see it on
the camera she won the cat it grabbed it
to the top and then they got stuck right
as it was holding over and I had to bash
the machine to get it down but we still
got it
the claw opened up but he went along
that's one thing for wolfy jr. one thing
for print a pen for my mom not my dad
and my brother we need to weigh
something for everyone basically one
person inaudible and I'm probably going
to go to the bank anyways and take out
another 20 bucks in two knees and come
back and put 10 tries on that game okay
so let's play a few more games right
that one might be harder than this one
because it could be how much it could
but the cause a bit bigger it could be
her and that the club has the same
strength we can tell we're still going
to take the money on good okay now move
another Pro play do you mean I want both
of them through this crowd would you let
a pro play guys
it's a leg one right now you guys have
to like bug right now I will make the
next two I'm the real pro running out of
time I shouldn't put the money inside
yeah lay there yes cool very very crisp
and again oh that was nothing I was
amazed doesn't make like white guys
smash it which one you want the Fanta
sorry I gotta McCain okay this one you
can press we found they on balance this
is where the press comes into play they
put it on slowly
oh my god I got him standing thousand Li
not even a worse position yeah he wasn't
a good venue we're gonna grab a box a
box of push it up again we mooring that
I can buy from dollar Emma for less in
the dollars there the person working
here is not looking we're going to win
the Santa I'm gonna push it over so
there's going to go in the scope
ultimate arcade hat and every time
pushing is not helping house you can get
Fanta
we found a little little guy inside of
there this little bear we're going to
try to rescue them we're coming to get
you buddy they see we got you buddy
we don't know if the claws too big the
car is too big okay we're not getting
you good luck okay guys so we have two
more dollars we have two final attempt
I'm going to do one I'm going to let
Sylvia do one hopefully we can win
something from the same machine we want
a few things and that strategy
definitely helps to win but I'm
wondering all motivation so before I put
the money in I need to know what I'm
getting
after we can't get it wrong as we tried
if that little bear we can't get the
friggin blue clubpenguin you can get
odyssey let's just go out on a limb and
try for wolfy jr. one more time so now
he's cheap used to be but we've lost all
our money anyway so when I rotate pocket
is it walrus is in my way Silas the
heads are Delta and hotels close as I
have hotel for you I don't want some
wolf you know and going through this
green guy or the little bit go for the
green guy yeah I just told you go for
the green guy awhile ago yellow move
penguin angered get out of my way oh my
god
and you move the bear
why no okay guys so that's $100
experiment today we want a few things I
was going to exchange money for some
tuning
I gotta go clean myself up but honestly
it's not even worth it right now this
game is terrible
so what I need you guys to do right now
is go down and smash that like button
and we will go to a real arcade where we
got real games real prizes no errors
when I'm trying to play a video game
okay guys because your boy Wolfie is
down to spend $100 I just need to win
otherwise I'm gonna have no motivation
to come back so if you guys want to see
me play more go down smash the like
button 50,000 likes and I will do it
comment down below which games you want
to see me play because you guys wanted
to see the claw game really bad I mean I
can do a really clog game on a new
arcade if you want to see that so just
comment down below what you want to see
also shout out to Sylvia for being in
the video with me she's running away
already she's just kind of cheese I
think she's hungry go subscribe to her
channel youtube.com slash Sylvia Gani
link will be in the description to there
and I will see you guys soon some more
will be where we skate a little bit more
so I was in my main channel and as
always lose the arcade whatever I don't
even care let's go
