good morning a yo was hittable wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy right now I'm
literally with kicking it in the new
house I should have told you guys but
literally everything's been going on
that's what like I've been working on so
damn hard trying to keep a secret we got
a new house and it's lit look at the DIY
kitchen grant it for days with the big
thing cause like I'm in home people okay
I like I'm in I'm in home depot this is
not my kitchen I'm just I want to leave
this kitchen right now anyways guys
welcome back to another vlog today is
going to be lit because me and Dustin
well Dustin mainly it's going to be
pranking someone I'm not going to say
who it is I'm going to say what he's
doing but we are in home depot picking
up supplies like we normally do not
knowing what to find like like we
normally do problem is this video that
were filming today involves a lot of
supplies so there's going to be a lot of
traveling around today I was up super
late last night but we did get the
workout and so I'm feeling good smash
the like button if you guys are excited
for another vlog and let's get into it
guys you will not believe how long the
grass is on my new backyard this is
insane spike I'm just in Home Depot
still looking for supplies you know I I
wish my grass was that long yes it was a
how to fish out of backyard guys look at
this lovely view from my new house
backyard
honestly insane I mean I love the view
here it's just great the environments
great the environments great it's great
we're not home people I'm not a home
depot this is not this is not a garden
section guys I found a secret hose I
think it's for watering the plants
there's like a billion of them like red
hose here there's a red one there there
there I don't think that you're supposed
to touch it but the thing is when things
say you're not supposed to touch it I
just want to touch it that much more so
nothing my lack I want to do it that's
what I'm saying and then last but not
least I'm going to cop some miracle-gro
because my hair lines wack and I need to
grow it so guys on just supply shopping
with Dustin you never quite know where
you're gonna end up this dude has led me
to the farm literally we're in the
middle of nowhere
we're like 40 minutes outside the city
right now there's just giant fields of
grass here tractors buildings trucks I
have no idea what I'm doing this
literally like some next garden right
here that's like yeah yeah this is a
spot I'm like nigga where the hell are
we but you know you got to trust your
friends so I just let Dustin go ahead
and do all the talking I'm just going to
wait outside because it's a beautiful
day outside today and we're chilling
how's it going my buddy is lying right
there yeah I thought maybe oh no no no
so yeah everyone's everyone's friendly
out here we're low-key but I definitely
I don't fit in I don't fit into this
environment I I'm wearing a pink sweater
I'm wearing easy I don't think this is
what the farmers are all about that guy
could've shot me I got himself certified
shot now I got to back up my car because
apparently they weren't completely ready
and they weren't expecting us so I have
to move to Dustin make sure I don't run
this guy over you can kind of see him in
the reverse cam let's see if we can hit
him
the things I do for my friends all right
guys my car's a little dirty we had to
do a few things but I'm not going to
show that's gonna be on Dustin's channel
check out this machine that I just found
which is like a jumbo tractor attached
to like these giant blades I thought
these are like guns but these are blades
on the side probably to like cut out the
sides or something I don't know what
exactly they do then we got this thing
and then this thing which looks like it
just shoots rifles out the side like and
then filled for days so like I said just
trust your friends I have no clue where
I am right now don't know what we're
doing right now but if I just trust my
friends hopefully I'll make it back
alive me and we're literally in the
jungle okay okay guys so you definitely
have been questioning the purchases that
I've made in the past couple weeks
because quite frankly I have two so
basically if you've seen my past couple
blogs in the past week or so you've seen
me get a bunch of stuff random stuff
these might be male body parts that are
down there so I can't show these on
camera but these are like squishy sent
to me shut up the bank representing all
this weird stuff like I kinda curved
them for time business what I found some
goofy stuff on their websites that I
thought I could use in my blogs
obviously I was like I'll send it all I
want it all I don't just want some of it
send me everything you have so today one
of the trends on the internet for some
reason it's not just wish etoys but it's
like cutting open these squishy toys to
see what's inside it's supposed to be
super satisfying so on a beautiful day
like today we're going to be cutting
open this baby head that is kind of
creepy to look at but it feels amazing I
also have another huge bag of different
types of stress toys I think a few days
ago I got even more stressful in this
massive bag I can find them
alright so I don't think I can find them
but there is a lot of stress two days
that I have on me so I got two pairs of
scissors I have a bunch of knives back
there
no knife he's always on the boat and
let's cut open some stress to it but see
how satisfied we can be right now so the
first stressed or that we are going to
open and cut open it this one which is a
giant ball on the back of this if I
cover this up there is that it is
something it's a female body part I
don't know why they came up with male
and female body parts but you guys
should know what it is I don't know if
you notice this starts with a B um
14:40 or and I'm gonna do a billion
different names you can call it I don't
want to show it because I don't want to
get age restricted but just know this is
learning about the anatomy with Wolfie
so technically this is a body part this
is educational only and if you look like
I have some water and juice in it it's
quite stretchy so I think we're going to
use the dirty scissors with this one
because this is kind of dude so here we
go
alright so let's just get a nice
close-up on this cut right here I'm
gonna peel it open and give it just a
nice little chop we're gonna go downward
see what type of goo is inside of this
it just squirts on this throat oh my oh
my god no this is uh don't don't do that
yeah don't do that why is it pink I
don't know this is some next poisonous
liquid coming and squirting out I should
have got a bowl first one okay so check
this out this is like a fountain it's a
blue it's a blue look auntie boob that
shoot pink duct all the way and hit me
here like this
let's cut open a bigger hole right now I
hope that's not poison this is probably
poison Charles I'm not going to drink
all but this is Lee King like a mofo
smell it low key my juicy water but I'm
not going to try it out to find out this
is what it looks like when you get like
boob surgery or whatever and then your
boob is like emptied I guess and then
your boob just looks like this
and you can link what are you talking
about I can't show a nipple you play our
nipples like yeah that's that's a
deal-breaker
okay no nipples getting shown today but
just know that this boob has the next
pink liquid in it I don't suggest
drinking this do not drink it we have
two of the boobs so I'll save one of
them for the boys to cut open later when
they're all at home because I think
Ryan's still in Toronto I don't know
probably go check that out later but so
the boob is good but I want to cut open
something that doesn't have liquid in
which is this baby head which is the
squishiest thing in the whole planet
maybe clean that now we're not going to
clean it we're going to cut open this
don't all you mess up first okay so I'm
just going to cut it right down the
middle Charles is he in company but
we're doing brain surgery
whatever mixes with look look at this
baby baby heaven melon opens the other
thing is satisfying alert you know check
that out look at how a satisfying this
is repealing the baby's head inside out
and putting his nose in his mouth inside
of his own head son do so shiny on the
inside I don't know what this is made
out of but this is like some next
Stretch Armstrong material look at that
the baby is officially inside his own
head Oh evacuate the house okay I'm
gonna have to wait for supper this is
kind of completely Lieutenant Hank oh I
wish there is something inside of this
stress story to be honest so sadly to
say there's nothing inside this baby
head for this material it's quite strong
Wow good job baby you can you can wreck
right there and look at me the rest of
this cutting session we've done the
booby next up is a pigs face now this is
super stretched okay sorry about that
guys that got a little messy real quick
we're going to do attempt number two on
this pig that I said was very stretchy
look at this super see-through it's
almost like you just take a bite out of
it just look like water I don't know
what is inside this one but the last one
had pink randomly inside of it so we're
gonna cut this cat open like this and
see what's popping here yay you know he
just no he does not want to good
okay so smells like just water inside of
him tube without talking ridiculous that
was disgusting it's all over my arms I
don't know what this liquid is so I'm
not going to put up near my face next up
we have like this little squishy toy
this one is like super stretchy for the
size of it I mean it basically just sit
I was like two little eyes on it I don't
think anything's in this one we're just
going to try this one might be the same
material but that was like
smoothest price ever and look at how
smooth that is inside of it
why is this so so I was going to do I
feel like this would be really fun to do
it like a thousand degree night but this
one I like the stuff that you don't know
what's inside until you cut it open so I
think I have two more I cannot find the
last one but I do have these green balls
and these orange balls now a lot of you
guys are like are these stress toys
yes they are stressed toys watch what
happens when you squeeze them every one
of these like pieces of little rope or
thread on it is going to have like a
nice disgusting ball turret check this
out listen to the noise I don't know how
it doesn't pop but check this out it
goes like that and then nothing happened
blue nothing happens
this one's like yellow on the inside
nothing happened Bobo's bow this is kind
of giving me trypophobia which is kind
of disgusting but I'm sorry advanced
guys we're going to have to cut these
bad boys open and see what's inside them
because it feels really good so I think
I'm going to take off the mess to start
with the orange one and we'll do the
orange one first to see if the mess
makes a difference so just give it a
nice speed and now it's just like a
regular ball it's not as cool is it this
is way more high-tech so now we'll just
put the mesh in there and give it a nice
life over the bowl to see what's one and
inside of this friggin toy I think it's
going to lose out but we'll give it a
quick little chop right there nothing's
came out so far so it's not like a
liquid
look at this neon goo oh my god so are
you touching this I shouldn't but it
feels so good guys DIY slime neon yellow
slime let's get it all out here and see
what we can do with this okay this is
could be poisonous so I'm gonna wash my
hands after but check out check out the
look at this flying
I think it's literally the slime inside
of like a balloon or something but look
at the distance icing construction
before our break so I'll just let Hank
see if I can make it all the way to the
bowl
you just plop down okay so that's dope
we got the yellow inside the orange one
let's just make sure all the orange ones
are the same which is closer you're
gonna quit le two and one
yeah definitely became disgusting group
so we'll put that in there that's going
in the garbage now to see what did the
green one which obviously blue as you
can see but is it kind of trying to cut
let's squish it open as much as possible
and then give it a poke out of one of
these holes he's is deflated one hole
and it went to another we'll check this
out what what's going on oh oh my god oh
my god this is so satisfying
look at this goo check this out cuz
stretchy that is and we have one more
ball mom do you want to do the honors
this one kind of real animal no okay
well I'll be honest okay check that out
two little lines of goo just oozing down
that is some next DIY slime okay so the
rest of these toys I got to put the
total way you guys can see this one are
pretty much the same I don't know why
they sent me like 700 of each point but
that was very tried to try it so now
that my satisfaction craving is done for
the day
mixed craving I'm feeling is food salad
bowl alert
thanks burrito gringo of course just as
we're about to film guys it literally
started pouring so it's all wet outside
and the video that we're doing involves
stuff that was outside so basically
hopefully the stuff isn't too wet but I
can't worry about that cuz I'm dropping
a banger in like 10 minutes and I have
to be super focused on that before I can
move on to the next thing because the
way my mind works is I focus on one
thing do it 120 percent focus on the
next thing so 10 minutes and I'll be
able to check on the suppliers until
then I mean they can make it stay on the
rain never stops here anyway someone
tell the boys to clean up their house
I'm tired of spinning on this thing like
friggin Pokemon every time I touch it yo
woody yo now I want all of my wolf em
right now to pause the vlogs
go down to the comment section and just
take a wild guess who's getting pranked
and what prank you think is being pulled
okay I'll give you a few seconds you get
like five seconds I'll wait
so waiting guys okay you're wrong
whatever you put you're wrong because
you might know who we're pranking but
you're not going to know the prank gonna
be a Dustin's Channel and let's just say
this might be a completely original idea
very it was could potentially get very
dirty so let's just say I chose the
wrong outfit today we're getting it done
we're making progress so guys I'm
running late - Prison Break tonight it
started at 9:00 this is the season
finale I was supposed to be there at
9:00 to watch it with Sylvia but I got
held up with Dustin's video so gonna
make it up to her by buying her chips
and candy because she loves chips
she loves candy she has a sweet tooth
but we're not just going to get the
chips we're gonna do chip trick shots so
that's the net right there and Sylvia
likes like a billion things she actually
low-key likes the new ketchup Doritos
they have those guys all baggage okay
you can get the flamin hot cheetos
because you're not on a diet and hold
those away from me where the ketchup
Doritos okay so yeah you saw it I can't
find them so you're gonna get the next
best thing
sour cream and onion Pringles until one
but you're not gonna get the one that I
do
I found the dark side ginger ale what
the hell was the guy what's a guy called
from Star Wars
friggin Darth Vader bro he only drinks
the doc ginger ale was the new bidder
the not Vader but there's more it was
like the second okay guys we don't know
too much about there was clearly kylo
Ren ku all right who the hell is that
color run don't know who that is that
from the new Star Wars I don't know that
much there was guys I'm sorry really
deep voice rain written classroom Batman
you're gay moving on I'll throw one over
the aisle to you and just catch your
mark
okay bless
right there okay so Dustin just had a
crazy idea he's going to go over the
aisle hopefully I don't get kicked out
it's too late and he's going to talk one
over and I have to catch it in the back
de fritos got good weight good you're
perfect here yes we got it I like that
let's get it this one I don't know if I
like it anymore so here to sweet is
berry no problem
Oh guys it looks get it boys no worries
so while Silvia is eating all that junk
food I still have to stick kinda to my
diet kind of not to my diet so there's
these juices in the juice section I'm
going to go check them out they're
pretty healthy they're really healthy to
be honest but they probably have like a
little bit of sugar in them so that's
going to be a little bit cheating I
wouldn't even call it cheating but I was
walking past these cans and I wanted to
show you guys these because look at it I
want to know your opinion and this is
random as hell but you guys like can
drinks or bottled drinks better
personally I am a can drink guide till I
die the canned drinks just look way more
appetizing so I am teen can well comment
down below I want to see if you guys are
team can or team bottle your team can
put your hand up GM can or bottle like
when you're buying like soda or pop you
say bottle team can or bottle I by cam
but I want bottles so team bottle which
ones you prefer like if you just like
could have a cracked open coke in a can
or just a spritz open coke in a bottle
okay cracking off my cans I can t you
can I drafted up to the league and it
just never okay glass bottle glass
bottle wins but team can / team regular
plastic bottle anyways let's buy the
most healthy drink to have the flavor of
choice tonight is an ice berry booth get
your berries get your calories okay your
fats okay your sodium get your potassium
K Whoopie guys literally I'm chilling
ending the night off with wolfy jr. on
my shoulder this guy's exhausted so he
can't even jump off but I can't even put
my head up any more sushi come on calm
down come on go on
okay off please wake up please will be
just stand up oh god okay later listen
to rescue me anyways I'm ending an eye
out for Whoopi jr. I'm very excited for
tomorrow because in the morning I'm
going back to try and win at that
bowling alley
you guys know last time I played a
soccer game I might play a bit of that
but tomorrow I'm going to take out $100
again and see what I can win on the claw
game because that is the most requested
thing I got on my last video there was
so much support I think it was like over
120,000 likes you guys killed it I guess
you loved it
you loved the gambling Wolfie even
though you should not waste your money
of these games basically we're just
going to bust these myths and trying to
go if we can destroy these games
together so
for that special a button if you are
super excited for that I think the video
is going to be lit tomorrow with a
hundred bucks you should be able to win
the claw game probably at least three
four times hopefully we can clear the
whole machine so on nano I want all my
wolf Pam right now is the very end of
the vlog to comment down below claw game
or comment good luck with the claw game
wolf if you comment that I will comment
back to you if you leave your Instagram
and your Twitter there I will
potentially DM you and I will see you
guys soon on mobile free where we stay a
little bit more savage to my main
channel and always start flashing them
wolfy wolfy
why are you moaning though they savage
leg oh oh okay can you do the outro can
you do it can you do it
Wow
