yo turn off the light this is the secret
ingredient right okay nobody's doing
your like Whoopi are you kidding me good
morning eh yo it's your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy guys before I
begin this vlog I need you guys to go
down and smash that like button let's
hit 35,000 likes because your boy is
sick and I'm still vlogging for you guys
the days do not stop
there's no days off it's grind time all
the time as you can tell by my voice
it's a little bit raspy and deeper
that's because I have friggin flam stuck
in my throat you guys probably know the
feeling is I constantly got to blow my
nose but we're gonna go out and do a lot
of productive stuff today I'm gonna
spread my sickness to as many people as
possible
the first stop though Ryan low key is
thank you
the first stop of the day is a pretty
much concert you guys know my son's cuz
I'm their daddy we're going to a pretty
much concert I've never been to a
concert I know pretty much every work
pretty much every word to all their
songs supporting my boy since day one
Edward in Zion I was like y'all pull up
pull out on my I bet I'll pull up so
don't let me down boys
I know you guys kill it I've seen your
life performances Nick no there's always
like I don't even know is the best to be
honest I like mix swag you know I like
Edwin's hair you know I like I like
science voice yeah something to like
about every single one of them so so why
don't you buy Edwin a Gucci bag what why
don't you buy me because I don't need to
purge and why didn't you buy and I don't
need to run at you by Xion first its
gift just to be friends with someone
anyways we are off to a pretty much
concert hopefully we can get in it might
be packed
but I'm the biggest fan Girling I got
this on me bro it's good I'm the biggest
fan girl of them all so so you know
you're just like Michael Jackson
okay you outdid the psycho today you can
tell until you want to get an Instagram
pic for the day because it's what she
wears
yeah that's swaggy I'm not on that level
would you get that jacket
Wow don't move with some waking while
you get 10 you got this your change your
friends alert after to see
ok guys so we're just pulling up to the
venue right now they're playing at the
Roxy theater
apparently it's kind of a big deal I
know pretty much has the connects so
it's good hot I don't I don't know about
these like daytime shows because I'm
like a nighttime guy and I like to go to
nighttime shows and I'm wearing like a
jacket but so via like swaggy so he's
getting sand already before me no no no
this is gonna be crazy but yo I'm gonna
try and get as much as I can on camera
if I'm on stage then it's gonna be
freakin lit because I love my pretty
much boys oh yes
this is the warm up oh that's so so this
shows coming on soon
and
guys can the show hasn't even started
yet and running so many friends at the
hole
I was gonna say fans will be cheese but
honestly I think all the fans want to be
possible so they're not really mad that
we have like a nice little booth here oh
they're bringing out the balls oh
they're gonna sign let the people and
there's about to be hell on earth
that's pretty brush with guys one of the
actual pretty much members died on
himself cries I think the exercise was
to get past these they pay they paid the
full 500 for the Mean Green mannes aion
up next is one outside to say hi to the
beans pretty much shot see you in half
the concert looks like the first come
first serve the first row is now getting
packed up pretty much if your if your
beam your beans get it pretty much if
your beef pretty much if your beans then
you're claiming I get it like the bad
pretty much then you said pretty much if
your feet which is they're found so
pretty money you're gonna claim your
spot early go right now like everyone is
claiming that spot early everyone's
trying to get the front row and then
letting people in now oh my god Leo I
might go to the front and krauser on my
Akashi six time
just kidding so there's two minutes
until Showtime and these fans are
literally going insane right now
literally there's the pretty much fans
look like crazy
let's see y'all out there
my favorite size I'm going down
these are not bad means
alright guys we just finished up with a
pretty much concert honestly very very
fucking lip these guys are so talented
it's ridiculous their stage presence
they're dancing they're singing
harmonizing everything is like dumb good
so it's only a moment of time before
these are huge yeah we just had to sneak
out the back door because it was a mod
thing in there try to tell the wolf
family that came out there too as well I
love you guys I actually got on stage I
didn't plan on going on stage I just
wanted to I know it's Broadway I know
these things
I just wanted to go in the friggin crowd
and just turn up a bit and then Zion
called me he's like wolfy on stage and I
almost trampled the six-year-old he was
singing when he said he's like well but
yo we're leaving the concert now again
shout out to my voice pretty much I will
leave like their most recent song in the
description go spam it tell them Wolfram
sent you or wolfy sent you now we are
getting back in the whip and going to
get food because we haven't eaten I
literally starved myself so I could go
to this concert mod tail mod tape and
guys there's only one way to leave a
pretty much concert and that way is more
pretty much
okay guys I can't even lie I got back
from the pretty much concert a few hours
ago had to upload my vlog last soon I
did that
yo the sickness got the worst I mean
literally I am exhausted
my body's weak I'm aching I just took
the nicest nap of 2018 right here to
lumpy lumpy princess flavia slump and
everyone slumping but I have no clue
what the hell's going on in the house
right now so let's go see all right
let's go downstairs first see what's
popping over here
right Oh mark blow deck okay usually
someone would be in the theater this
lights on
is there any noise in here you're online
guys no no no no I'm stressed out
usually someone would be awake but
there's not even a light on in that room
do you want might be doing some check
the fourth if no one is on the fourth
floor literally like I'm gonna be lost
cuz I have no idea where these guys are
but I hope it goes over that because
literally I have the biggest fear of
missing out guys I got full I don't know
if you guys know polo is beer only so
just like I said you don't like being
left behind people do stuff so you try
to as much as possible be getting left
out so having you now I wish I just
didn't have to sleep period I thought I
could never miss anything
fourth floor who's here nobody no no no
no no no no no no no no no nobody in the
pool nobody in the pool is anyone in the
pool no one's even in the pool all right
guys last attempt are they working out
or in the steam room because that would
make sense the gym lights are on that is
for sure
hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up
over maybe they're happy to Omari yeah
nope nope nope I got a face time these
guys finally these guys are in the
bathroom for three hours I think that's
where they hid guys is the only bathroom
I didn't check and they're there yo
anyways we're going to the pretty much
house again apparently I don't know if
it's like an after-party thing because
their concert was like midday but we are
going back to the pretty much Higa tea
house right now
legit facts right he other girls
yo comatose not what you said about ever
before yeah it's Harold way too ugly
ball like that honestly guys pretty much
to be paying from he for this whole vlog
because it's like the most push but yo I
want you guys to fuck if you don't I'm
sure most you already do so I mean if
you don't you played yourself but this
camera is nice at nighttime
anyways let's go get it you gotta go
fill up yeah all right guys we're at the
pretty much house leo
it's not a vlog environment right now
everyone's low key turning up because it
was their final show of the tour so I'm
not gonna be that blogger who's inside
with my camera on everyone's face but
just know we're turning up drunk okay
Charles what the hell tell your fans
that okay if I'm drunk then what's that
car doing down there that I'm driving go
speak for yourself well I don't that's
your decision to do that I would never
drink it drive guys don't listen it I
would never drink a drive Brian might be
drunk over there but y'all I'm gonna
make it up to you a because check my
snapchat if you want to see this
apartment or wolf your apps or be put in
two seconds I have another surprise
someone you've been wanting to see me
chill with in a bit bra one to Lemire
guess who it is
now you might know but I'll show you
there
my toe being all the raspberries before
me this is like the first time we've had
to learn how to place in a minute I
promise you guys I'm on a diet
Sylvia forced me to eat it and love me
this this forced me to eat it to austin
say hi to the wolf am you're a snake bro
you know you know I wanna you don't want
to diet right look like I'm trying to
diet trying to get a six pack like a six
pack like I told my viewers I can't be
in this so take the blame so I don't
have an excuse guys I promise
other than today I'm gonna get that six
pack okay all right guys I know you
wanted to see more of what was just
popping at dinner but it was like more
of a low-key dinner I don't know what
I'm doing all this stuff
I'm only kidding you guys amp I feel
like I'm letting it down a bit but y'all
do not worry and the next week there's
gonna be some liddie stuff because I
mean you guys just saw that his family
cohabiting is real I've been seeing all
the comments I literally read them since
we collab last time which was so long
ago you guys have been commenting and
Austin cotton are like honestly some of
the most like genuine friggin people
I've met especially like youtuber wise
there's bad fake to youtubers out there
and I just like the vibe with them and
like I didn't even want to bring out the
camera because we were just like how
about you not matching up having dinner
and I was there and everything so I
don't wanna vlog too much of it but just
know this week's about to be poppin on
some crazy so stay tuned for vlogs this
week being something are driving home
right now it's actually I like a long
drive so I'll meet you guys at home
Fritz Fritz come here you think we're
leaving again we're leaving again guys
literally today because we went to the
pretty much concert and then came to
hang out with like Kathryn and Austin at
dinner and everything we haven't been
able to bring Prince with us all day
this guy's been lonely all day but now
we're taking him on an adventure this
house I swear to god I don't know what
is it I don't know what's wrong with it
but apparently you're not supposed to
drink the water in California so you
have to get water bottles and we ran out
of water bottles we also ran out of
toilet paper because there's me Ryan
and Omar constantly in the same restroom
I call the restroom now that I'm
American years no new we'll see we don't
have any toilet paper and I don't know
why I think it's cuz Ryan's doing a lot
of dukey's from these laxative pranks
that I'm doing on them so we have to go
to Target problem is it's 11 o 8 11
I think it's like 11 10 to be
and this place closes at 12:00 prince
has never been a target we have been
like two shook to bring Prince anywhere
but honestly he's slowly becoming a
Nellie dog - I swear I saw this guy buy
a pair of Gucci slides the other day
actually they're right here
Prince nice slides by the way next is
the Goyard chain for the boy
aka Prince we're gonna get you like a go
yard call goodbye
so we're gonna bring him a target
because he's been lonely all day and he
could use the outdoorsy activity why
don't you think have you been in the new
car yeah good boy
so we're gonna go get him ready go to
Target ready let's go let's go this is
the pre target poop for prints but yo
low-key I can hear the rats and the
trees and I'm not with these guys I
don't know what his rats in LA is that
Prince that was a rat guys the good
thing about LA is that there's like
literally I have not felt a bug since
I've been here
mosquitos and everything they suck but I
swear to God la just doesn't have them
but we do have rats for some reason if
there's one thing I can love about la
this weather is ridiculous like
literally I bought my car clean and it
is still clean to this day with no snow
or no rain or anything like that
your car is constantly clean but yo we
got 20 minutes we just practice target I
parked as close as possible to the door
but we can get as much time to shop as
possible two leaders wrote down a list
this is called speed shopping and target
first step toothpaste
Sensodyne because I got sensitive teeth
too and one also say mile we're out of
Listerine let's grab it now if I was old
Mart I would literally buy this for me
being sick and this stressed me out when
he told me this this guy says he buys
Advil for being sick because he's like
yeah I swear how's my sore throat blah
blah Blee
they have a whole section for that and
that is this section right here because
dayquil I guess it's called mucinex oh
no they're damned a colon Michael you
bought one this big one yeah bro I'm
telling you nyquil and dayquil are for
severe flu some chocolate milk because
everybody knows when you actually shop
for one thing you buy it unnecessary
stuff don't even know what this stuff is
never seen this brand in my life but I
do love chocolate milk so I'm confident
some of that is that three ply a two ply
double plus two ply this is old guys you
need the three ply toilet paper I'm
telling you it's a life hack plies means
how thick it is how many light layers
have to
you an example in school bathrooms or
washrooms or restrooms they use one ply
on that just in his how to apply is cool
but three ply
gotta hydrate as well
gotta get those water bottles oh my god
he's officially Analia dog you passed
the training good boy
your prints go on your dog cage right
here he's dressed out he said what the
heck sit good boy oh all right it's
1157 and we made it guys let's get it
and I actually picked up some supplies
because as soon as I get back to the
drink low dose you guys know I literally
came up on DIYs and I feel like I
haven't been doing enough DIYs
especially in Ottawa like I would always
have so many friggin cool things that
I'd always order the house but here for
some reason I haven't been ordering them
and I have still so many things in
Ottawa that I need to get done but I've
been putting them off putting them off
putting them off but now I have a DIY
I'm gonna bring you guys tonight it's
super easy super fucking cool so I'm
amped about it and it only takes like
three supplies that anybody can get so
as soon as we get back to the house that
is what your boys doing DIY got is
coming back home I'm gonna kill these
guys guys I come back that's like a good
dad I do the groceries I get us new
mouthwash toothpaste toilet paper I even
get us water tell me how I just came
home and nobody's here where is it what
I think it's lady's house Oh everyone's
asleep but usually Rylan Omar stay up
late and these guys tell me they're out
for food with Alyssa and her brother
I'll kill them I'm stressed your boy DIY
god I was gonna do some crazy DIYs and
now my DIY partners have left me I even
got a ring light okay look at this
we can even light up the room it's
frickin professional now I'm dark this
pisses me off but yo don't worry guys
back up someone who never lets me down
Sylvia the wifey guys she pulls through
in every situation she's like come to
the air B&B and let's get this DIY on
I'm like I bet forget it
so now Sylvia's gonna help me well let's
go see what she's got problem with you
remember I talked the book I picked up
in the grocery store
turns out it's a plant-based chocolate
milk called ripple this guy's 50% more
calcium than milk and 35% less
and just because I want to diet honestly
I'll fly with it but this is doing so
you can do in a living room like it's
pretty simple right if you did this week
to go get the steak sorry babe yeah yeah
yeah better DIY person so is vegetable
oil pretty simple this stuff called
alka-seltzer Seltzer which is for
heartburn upset stomach I honestly think
it's like tums so but I don't know if
times work so don't go right times buy
this stuff added to other things which
are any clear charge I picked out two
because we're gonna try to today cute
dog to motivate you
thank you for the motivation I bet you
need some food coloring this is so weird
but I'm just noticing so many things it
says or egg coloring egg dye hey guy I
don't know why we just called food
coloring you should just know it's for
him but you know sorry only last but not
least we need water - do you want nope
thank you for the water I need the water
I'm your servant
so first step is you want to grab your
vegetable oil now I don't know what type
of oil you need I know the vegetable
works just for watching a bunch of
videos other ones could work
I think mineral oil might work as well
well I don't know alright guys so
basically we're gonna add some olive oil
in here and we're gonna add it until
it's probably about 3/4 full actually
we're gonna do a little more than half
just because we might mess up and that
usually happens on my channel we're
gonna grab this one same thing this is
how you know it's late I just try
putting this cap on this we're gonna
have the oil cap put it back on don't
spill the oil if you spill oil it's
gonna be an absolute mess next step grab
water and we are going to put a little
bit of water in I think just enough to
separate oil and water so as you guys
can see if everything goes right the
water should be below the oil and the
oil should float on top of the water
just because science Wolfie the liquids
are different densities
taken
so now you can see the water sector form
on the bottom all the waters on the
bottom all the oils on the top shake it
up shake it up shake it up shake it up
like so honestly just to play it safe
for it out a little more I think this is
why your DIYs don't work because you
just make up your own comments because I
don't want to everything you should do
by your eyes guys
we're halfway done this DIY already next
up red food coloring while you make up
girls our age now watch what happens
when we do these liquid droplets in here
as you can see they're gonna slowly
start to fall it's actually not
satisfying to see them to falling oil
the reason they're not going together is
because of the oil and now they're gonna
sit right on top of the water how sweet
is that
really cool so liquid more booze not too
many we're doing red in there new blue
one same strategy right here guys
Cleo eventually they're gonna start
falling so we got the blue in there we
got the red in this one next step
honestly we're almost done guys we're
gonna grab this all consultor in the
just you know sort of area pepto-bismol
taste it and this thing is like this big
tablet but before we put it in because
this tablets so friggin huge we're gonna
break these tablets up into small pieces
and now honestly that is pretty much the
whole DIY super easy we're gonna make it
look really cool though we're doing a
special trick so now we're gonna grab
this and we're gonna drop it in here and
as soon as I drop it in here this should
start to bubble up and look like a DIY
lava lamp so let's get it on your head
top as soon as that pill starts to
digest pay close attention guys it
started to bubble okay baby let's throw
one more in there because this is not
happening fast enough
look at this you said it wasn't gonna
work on your head top Loki I don't think
there's enough time we're gonna put more
dye in it oh now the dyes we're gonna
put more guy in there guys more dad
learn that more dad word
the dye should be raising to the top
that's what we want
and it hasn't rose up yet just oil maybe
a likkle one more pill and a two more
pills yeah basically don't breathe don't
break up as you can see these balls are
starting to rise up guys and fall can
you see this this Loki looks like a lava
lamp
oh you see that big oh it's coming back
down do you see that
yo DIY lava lamp Wolfie is a stray now
this one's coming up this one's coming
up you see this honestly let's try with
the blue one I'm just gonna throw in all
the friggin Alka sensor right away and
see if you can speed up this process
greater get more blue dye in there as
well
you know Loki the red ones going off
right now whoa the red what is going on
right now yo DIY eleven lamp is going
off and the blue one just the same
process all you doing is like three
ingredients and as you can see it looks
wavy as soon as insensitive rise up to
the top bar blues going and all the Reds
going the contrast is getting me AIDS
you close your legs actually I actually
thought I would bestest up well yo
here's the trick if you put the lid on
this one and if we put the lid on this
one and shake it up because with the
density guys the water literally will
not go over the orbitals so now we're
just gonna shake it up two seconds and
just peep this yes
look at all the blue the blue is gonna
offer them together in a second all the
oil is gonna come turn off the light
let's get the flashlights going this is
the secret ingredient goes fine I'll
step all you have to do add some light
onto it come on like come on this is
like seriously
nobody's do you like Wolfie are you
kidding me so you're just gonna hold the
light day of all times
oh I like to make it look cooler and
with the red one too actually like that
actually looks like we'll leave you like
that looks like a lava lamp
my lava lamp Oh yo to the letter card
that's what the liquids do the big boys
are out you're dropping for our
cassettes is in an entire station once
you're gonna make a law so I'm gonna I
might make a volcano I might blow up
this air maybe if I do air B of the
owner I'm I apologize in advance I don't
really care I mean I just did a
experiment so you know I care don't go
up there one two three four stack them
up drop them in to go more action all
I'm saying is talk about Oh oh my god oh
my god explode but yo look at how crazy
that is
it might explode in a second guys - and
here's three two one look at this
instant reaction the red is about to
explode boom think now that actually
looks like a lava lamp
look at them look it's all really down
from the top are you kidding me that's
so freakin sick so guys all it takes is
for ingredients DIY I love it daddy so
that is how you do I'm gonna go boys
don't see bad news I literally just
figured out the worst possible thing
sometimes I film on this little camera
and then sometimes I fill in my big
camera and all depends on where I'm
going what I'm doing but I completely
forgot to bring the big camera to
Sylvia's so I hoped to I swear to God if
these guys are still not home we'll kill
them over you better be home everyone
surround so like button if this guy can
now get me the foot it well I mean if
you're seeing this vlog then it means he
got me the footage but just pretend like
this is intense cue the intense music
tomorrow please answer the phone no
please over mama hurts
answer the phone no he didn't answer
hold on he doesn't have that I just
remembered let's call Ryan please please
right answer it that's it come on come
on no no
well friends occur me Christian never do
this right
good boy boy hey guys I'm staying up so
late that I'm literally watching these
friggin dumb infomercials on TV are you
kidding me why so late not to mention
the fact that I actually looked like
Dukey because this think this is finally
odd to me
literally I play Kleenex to my nose to
clear when are shows my dog shows are
friggin all video I'm cuddling with the
Prince on the couch right now I want to
add the vlog off there hopefully I wake
up feeling a little bit better all I ask
for is a little bit better all you need
to be fully sick I don't even need to be
completely better I just need to be a
little bit better cuz your boy is dying
I was out all day today but stay tuned
like I said earlier the blog for things
to come this week this week's gonna be
friggin lit with the vlogs I promise you
wolf have let's hit 35,000 like so this
vlog go hit that like button if you
haven't already and if you haven't
subscribe to my channel what are you
doing go join the wolf and subscribe the
channel
click that red button below and I will
see you guys soon our poor wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage and a
little less sick if I made a channel and
as always do so
you
