good morning ay yo what's good attaboy
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie oh my
god
it is friggin early as hell right now
guys we are about to film for the rest
of the day me and Dustin are here last
night we were up until I think like 4 am
filming for my channel today we have to
finish my video and then film Dustin's
video as well but in order to do that
you guys know I love to start my day
with the coffee so I don't like to go
get coffee with espresso maybe double
espresso shot just to wake the hell up
yet some energy but it is a beautiful
day outside today so I'm not trying to
be inside all day filming so I hope you
guys are having a good day come along
with me on my diet wolfy journey the
diet is still pretty strong guys last
night I wanted to eat a jr. chicken for
McDonald's and I ended up not caving so
smash the like but for you because I'm
staying true hopefully you guys are out
there working and grinding at home with
you boy let's get it hey can I get a
large double-double with a shot of
espresso in it and then another large
coffee to milk in a shot of espresso and
it's gotta wake up guys oh yeah that's
everything we're waking up guys it's lit
its lit we're listening just relax ok
now not just something but we're
listening some crazy stuff and then well
look at it it's a quarter cup so guys
were filming this morning and there is
some noises being made when we were
taking a break from filming and I was
like yo what is it and I look outside
and I see my dad pressure washing the
windows whose man is this he'll turn
that down we're trying to film which
we're trying to film hey nice pressure
washing me you turn that down what are
you guys doing right now I'm gonna tell
them that yo we're filming you want
turned down not to prank yo Frank ah
anyways guys we give you a hint on the
video we're filming let's just say it
has to do with one of these oh my god
what Dow which one of these has to do
with one of these comment down below
which way you think it's spinning
yes surprise you get it right can you
tow point the way point was right no no
no no look look this way but we're going
this way
yeah yeah yeah
listen gets right every time if your
spatial awareness is not good guys and
you won't get that right this is a mind
trick fool your friends tell them it's
going this way and then flip it upside
down in the air and to the side catch it
and it's going the other way answer so
my dad is using the pressure washer and
Dustin just had the genius idea of
putting the pressure washer versus a
fidgets spinner and seeing how fast you
can make it go so I'm going to go bring
my handy-dandy fidget spinner that I
like the best
now class without water don't fear me as
you guys can see it seems to set off
nicely when your spray decided it yeah
make sure your accuracy is good let's
see how fast you can make the spinner go
oh shit like a gun okay yo yo yo no no
start over there start over there start
over there and I'll go into it like I'll
go into it you don't move don't try this
at home hostage number please class
relate what I'm kind of scared
hold onto it tight boys
Oh what's your security go go go go go
I just gotta I gotta commit I gotta
commit do have a clamp okay go go go no
I didn't notice got to go do not throw
that oh oh my god it's actually ready
how you're gonna do it I'm like if you
gonna do it I made them for something
we'll go one more God look at that you
guys can't be as purple that is how bad
that makes old fashioned a sharp one but
can't go one more time you won't know
why you didn't even keep it in there
long no they take in this thing is you
normally completely silent I know and
that's silent normally okay go how fast
is the pressure 1804 springe
second one the big key is I cannot let
go of it make sure that things are
screwed in all them oh yeah I want one
of those flying off creating us why am i
back
okay okay okay I'm stretching the
quarter they're getting rude I'm stuck
in the corner that'll spin for I swear
to god I'll spin for 20 we let it slow
down see if it cuts don't put that on
your face yeah this is still like I can
feel so much air coming off it's like a
fan look you're the funny face cool okay
for the wolf in three two one
so something at the Mart they left on
our left a little river it is still
spinning ow
okay so to end the fleet take colors off
no no over there didn't ya animal event
yeah so it was spinning so fast that the
band flew off so end of story
don't do that at home and you mean it no
no for a second prison I'm not going to
point out yeah I know it's gonna kill
anyone and don't point it machines here
okay okay you snipers what do you like
tricks on it get to the job block how
far can I shoot it kind of dissipates
like it's not much water it's just
really hard I'm going to slide to the
right the right strap so this is gun
lessons if I miss then I shouldn't be a
rifle month that's a pedestrian gets on
the head
I take he got back keep that away from
me don't try this at home dangerous
where are my dogs so useless what are
you guys doing I didn't teach you to be
lazy bums like this scared of that wake
up push so scared of pressure washer
it's not even bad it just like murk my
fall on my face but it's all good
everybody let them go back a bit we need
an Instagram photo guys this is behind
the scenes of prints and what we do nude
Instagram page aka my mom's they might
have more followers and good boys
alright come on gold AF okay guys so
huge change of plans
we just finished early from my channel
and pretty much we're done filming for
Dustin's channel Mongo hit me up this
guy's like you or you want to sit floor
seats at a weekend concert tonight
because there's boy hooked them up I'm
like what the hell's the weekends in
Ottawa a but yeah I'm friggin down so
now I'm driving back to my house and a
job on go off we have to get ready
because we've been filming all day
basically I'm like an hour to get ready
and then we are getting driven by our
boy through the concert so it's going to
be lit I love the weekend apparently ray
summer the opening for him gloves
to be there I don't know guaranteed but
there are some speculations but you guys
will see it can I bring you with me so
let's get changed I coming up in the
common base so we can stop I hey let's
go y'all ready Noel first choice were
going with black outfit today we got the
adidas hat
we got the Justin Bieber shirt last
second I chose that like to transfer it
out to the new weekend like long sleeve
tee that I just bought but that's
because it's so hot outside right now so
I might bring the long sleeve shirt with
me and I might make a game time decision
but that's enough for that the running
shirt is lit we got the ripped jeans the
black jerseys and I cannot forget you
already know what it is that you for
real alert this is what is going to make
you smell amazing let your boy wolfy
rice let's get it so now I just gotta go
pick a bundle and then I think I think
that's a I think we're going ok guys so
we are in the car right now we're
basically pulling up to the weekend
concert huge showed it to a mirror for
hooking us up with the tickets register
for him there's girls walking across the
street we are parking in valet we're in
the car with the red guy and then I
don't know we're going to see like
what's happening apparently we might
grab like a few drinks before who knows
guys literally I just want to meet I
want to meet the weekend that's a gold
racial murder br8 I mean sweetly is
alright but the weekends a mango let's
get it you got a call to merge before
you or the concert grab the fucking ass
grab the long sleeve tee with the ex
oldest car boy on the side bongos
throwing is merch on now
you can really come down I am like a
Justin you example I guys but I will cut
this up in the weekend as well but he's
a motherfucking star boy I look what you
done
we are literally photosynthetic algae
with zeros and trophies
chi felly buck smoking meat affirmative
indeed join with the contagion designer
role and importance of water
I thought the doesn't disease that's
right doesn't know we're at a weekend
Cox and I'm going to break the news to
them acuity says yo grad or weekend
concert you thought about still sat like
cleared row row third row forty three
three three
oh so you wrote a face I mean like but
you played yourself I'll show you I will
let me show you in like three minutes or
FaceTime so though I see
he said new video in one hour people
again strong so he's dropping videos I'm
at the weekend concert on there for my
hat backwards because it's hot as hell
in here but we're literally like course
or like hi I see third row over it's
like third or fourth or fifth row from
the very front of the concert and it's
just not close so I really appreciate a
mere bringing me and Vaughn GD to the
concert because we're big resent that
so hopefully brings down say if you
brings me on page I'll bring all you
guys with me Bob
oh yeah
so guys rather concert ran into the real
MVP wolf em here
wolf em here they just subscribe to me
today so I got I got two more
subscribers today I really needed those
juice
so Hayley to play female start us all to
access these matters at TK the hero this
time know this guy told me here this
guy's going to play strap in the closet
right now in the bloody clothes okay
okay you rap acapella world my leader
your son
hey okay where do they find you do they
forget you someplace nobody I don't
cutting dirty old it is the next route
of Ottawa I mean I'm on the next to the
bottom of it second s I got a wonderful
let's get it okay guys enough for that
when we can it's coming on paint any
second
literally we're waiting firm right here
like two feet done it's bizarre boy
let's get it oh the beam is coming down
we don't know whether we came in maybe
on top of something okay guys literally
I just got home from the weekend concert
absolutely insane concert you guys can
tell by just bit footage
yeah it was crazy okay the weekend
killed it now actually showed up I
didn't know that was going to show up
but Nava played at Coachella too they
played some way which I'm obsessed with
that song so that was dope Ellie was
there that was dope
raishin red was there that was built
they killed it they played all their
classics they played no tight black
Beatles all that fun stuff slim is the
most goofiest guy on stage ever sway Lee
definitely takes a lot more serious but
I mean you got to have both ends of the
spectrum on your performance but it was
lit I got the merch I'm never taking
this long-sleeved tee off the Hat the
external hat is disgusting so I'm EXO
delt right now ridiculous amount of wolf
FEM were there literally like between
racial murder performing and then the
weekend performing there was like a 25
to 30 minute gap and the whole time I
swear was like back-to-back pictures I
did not know the wolf femme was so
strong in Ottawa so shout out to all the
people that I saw there you guys are
awesome thank you for coming up and
saying hi know the concerts done but we
don't stop grinding out here so me and
Dustin are going to get a quick workout
in in the basement Sylvia is upstairs
watching some show with my mom right now
so we're going to go down and work out
that's been crazy I don't want to I
don't want to sweat it's already late
but we're going to do some bench and
some maybe I'll do like some dips just
like Gaines you already know what it is
so let's start it no days off get
something in every day I hope you guys
are working out at home quickly before
we start to work out someone tweeted at
me last night showing me a video of them
working out and their improvement so
shout out to you you're amazing let's
get it we're grinding it together we're
in this together smack that like button
let's get
right work so guys we're doing some
bench basically we started with no
weight on the bar so acid 45 pounds and
we always like to warm up with one plate
which is 135 to 1 plate or 145 times
plate on each side I think I'm going up
to 2 plate I used to be able to bench
that for a lot I've definitely lost some
strength but I'm going to try and push
up as many as I can without like losing
my form and without killing myself but
between sets I have this long bar and
I'm going to do just a bit of shoulders
to loosen up my shoulders so basically
you just have a bar you can put weight
on it to make it harder and the closer
your hands are together the harder it is
to get over your head so just going to
do a quick set of 10 of these bad boys
and that's how you stretch why is the
lighting so bad in this room guys the
basements terrible but ok that's a
stretch get back the bench
ah ah don't lose this drink I'm dead
click little app alright guys so this
correction type definitely lost my
strength up but I'm going to try it
anyway see all right go for it that's
how it wasn't too bad guys into like
three hours usually I go for like 10-15
seconds with killing it today keep going
Oh God Kenard let's go workout complete
movie time I'm dead okay guys welcome
back to another game show with Wolfie
today at the court of the game room we
have me Prince Prince gonna be in the
game included my mom wolfies who's
betting Dutchess over here and then
Sylvia's man in the camera but she's
also in the game so the way the team
works we have played this game on
david's channel I hope you plays here
when anyone else's Channel I don't I
think just Davis Channel but basically
it's called drunk stoned
or stupid Wall Street bleep I will try
to play the game the creators of this
game actually sent me this a while back
I completely forgot I had it but I was
playing him I talked to the other day
when I found him I thought why not do it
a goal basically I need everyone to
smash the like button right now you guys
are five seconds hurry up
oh very simple game I don't know why
this is a party game on the front but
this is like the game that's probably
gonna get you guys into fights with your
friend so I suggest playing it because
your friendships are going to grow
basically it's not complicated at all
the place there's a bunch of black card
on each black card it is going to have
some writing for example this card sense
has sketchy friends so by the rules I
would pick this card I would pass it to
my lady pass it to your left it might be
right but I'm going to pass to my left
to the snake and then I'm going to be
the card master so essentially each of
us is going to try and get rid of the
card as best as possible so it's like
who has the best argument for why they
don't have sketchy friends and then I
side at the very end around who I think
deserves the color basically you don't
want to have occurrence and first one to
five cards lose it in your else until I
mean pretty much to people elect so for
this example hash can see friends I'd
give it to my mom my mom so did I go
Dustin ask any friends is surely sketchy
bull well and then decimal after are you
trying to give it to still here or if
you give it back to my mom she had a
good argument you can even give it to me
but I'm a card master I'm never going to
take the L unless I know that I
understand she express so everyone knows
how it works why you need to be the
judge no I just have to be a judge
without round you're gonna obviously
know for that round and it rotates all
right when my mom Chris returns tossing
you the card first and then my mom would
be the judge of that figure I can't play
so I'm going to shuffle these this is
really feel like this is a call of day
this is literally like let's beat this
game really happy start that's right
good flashlight button because
friendship could get ruined
windy it out will places like probably
like a year long David Channel
me and Sean almost kill each other so
everyone have fun it's a friendship
bonding pass to the judge if it proves
how good your friendship is only the
thing is probably broken up marriages I
don't have any problems like it me no
literally it's like how's the worst like
in a bad relationship
yeah so via you give her the card right
philately okay but if you take a bad
card and it's like something that's not
funny just to know so I'll start off
here we go I don't know what we're doing
oh my god man you wait a bit no this one
is not good for warm with right now but
the card is will pay you back later in
coach it well not in quotations but it's
will they'll pay you back later so I
give you the card okay and then you have
to argue together in that curve what do
you mean early we're doing by the way
guys if you smash away but if you hit
forty thousand likes on this video I
will play again with elbow all the guys
talking in the decider so we're going to
do with me because I don't owe anybody
anything ever you have to give it to
someone so we're
one of us Lenny and I will pay you back
later oh who will know it's like the
card is we'll pay you back neither aka
then they're probably not good for you
guys so who wouldn't pay you back if it
goes much more is gonna take forever
I believe you why what's your reasoning
because you would just forget not that
you wouldn't want to give me the money
you just would you'd be so busy like
there's a stack of boxes out there you
owe me money for and you just saw you
actually owe me money and actually have
a baby I owe you money no man okay
you're trying to not be a baby because
just because you're so busy sick I'll
take that from you yes my reasoning I'll
give it to Sonia yeah because there's
been multiple occasions where I see
saying yo did you give me the money yet
she has terrible memory too and it's not
like you I wouldn't pay you know North
yes son I came back later
that's what the crisis at me when I when
I get money I anybody other than you
yeah because you don't have a friend
email like an email transferring money
to before you give me the money I've
given you the money Bobby dude did I
hate to get bill will not go today
wait what can i retaliate yeah you got
yeah yeah the people at the table right
like when you have like okay I give this
to wolfy jr. because I pay for his food
multiple times and behold our girl is me
we don't you know you got you got a
three-way favor King boy dick freeloader
well you have like all of our boy the
table yeah there's something to point
something over grab you like that so now
you you pick the card off the table if
it's a bad crowd you can like put it
back yeah I don't know difficult only
house dressing pick up game yeah yeah
it's obviously not me okay you're dr.
Sylvia Sylvia good well I never drive
drunk game would I have going at all
times thing I imagine but I have game
Silver's I have game silver so why are
you giving this me Sylvia when she first
talked to me she only had the confidence
Bahia Cameron take the car back not true
Charles that is not here I had the
confidence to talk to you when I was a
sober a hundred percent I know you know
that for anybody I always would be the
first person to make a move I was the
first person make a move on you what the
heck I've never seen my mom really
I've never seen Daphne what definitely
see me very drunk
yeah doesn't you get the directive so I
feel like it's not aggressive with more
Agustin had a girlfriend
I've never seen this guys with too much
game so I feel like he needs to get
drunk assisted game man you've never
even seen tennis itself so I heart
applies no one yeah I'll thank you yeah
this is my card can be convinced of
anything oh can be convinced of anything
that's Mandy
there you go take that card Mandy can be
convinced of anything if Charles calls
her at like 3:00 a.m. to bring something
over showed to it like she can be at the
moment her I want to suggest me somehow
so I can throw it back a man there's no
way man everyone knows oh and if you're
in for sure all right so that you go
really recycle yeah a little dry you saw
the other night careful any calls mostly
a joke are gonna split your older okay
we knew you would do it we needed it
nice okay
pushover no she's not here's don't going
what is it cuz he's mentally undressing
you right now
won't this card isn't this is not a good
fabulous I don't think I do especially
enjoy yeah
no I'm all over Charlie right you know I
just can't imagine working out again put
this one away with under the hood so
this piece of weirdness being a void in
this car right the end to the car I get
another car that's a Ryan please could
will become a millionaire and blow it
all go give me this for Bongo Bongo get
this bit it is who here shot you're
quiet
John Bosco good night you're not here
but you're right here you're gonna
become really I'm fine
get out of here back sorry okay miss
only got argue is going straight to hell
give me a car so do I argue this
yeah I tart with it okay one I would
have had to give to someone yes you get
early yeah I never hear yeah definitely
brought she's done some stuff sometimes
I'm like girl come on he's like I've
accepted it I'm going straight to hell
why I won't take occurred this assess me
as crazy as I am on camera I said some
ruthless things off camera I will admit
that I'm worn out all that tiring hold
it girl crazy the most neck okay and one
more card for today
just to be done one lap if you want a
full video remember hit the like button
and I will do it with albo last part
okay this one is just a speed round I'm
gonna list some cards off so you guys
can get a feel of the game and then
we're all going to stay on three who
that card belongs to and we'll see if
we're I like what everyone anybody get
like Ramon in the videos anyone the vlog
know anyone the blog noise so incapable
of being on time 3 2 1
oh man my time management you wanted a
give you their 5 minutes and 45 minute I
dare you pick me up yes chat while the
holding doors yeah my mom if everybody
knows the place is allergic to
everything
many things like know how you doing I
can't breathe transit within your open
packages
wakes up in bed with half a burrito is
max along killed yeah again might be I
already denied wow it would have a whole
burrito and then not finish half of it
that's what you doing yeah I didn't have
it in my bed if you can't raise thankful
doctor yeah oh yeah it could be anywhere
Yeah Yeah right I'm Sandra and I've
wrecked in case I go via ok relax
we all know we all know mine visit
people are you trying to make it mad
you're trying ok gives Bureau expert
yeah yeah yeah I got my baby okay this
one if we all know let's just say it's
not let's see if element and I'm three
we'll get the treats pickup games like a
professional four three two one Charlie
yeah what do you mean you you're
competitive
competitor the girls of the volleyball
court we go away like tries to kill the
tech Jamaican Iike ridiculous guys out
there in a full-on like Europeans feel
spiking it language or those gargoyles
called the glasses with the strings on
them where my Lance Armstrong exceeds
only crayon I have damn your wisdom your
weird there that Sylvia only four DIYs
yeah although the drowning here I bet
David oh and a dumpling laugh when they
don't get a joke there laughs at jokes
they don't get done that everyone's done
that yeah I feel like I've done that
only Texas in emoji don't actually yeah
I don't think I don't I respond to
commented I don't detect period I do a
lot of marriage what I've probably done
the most emojis if you look at my tweets
yeah but that's not a pet and the last
one tried to accurate not my mom to shit
anyway end of the game let's get it guys
has officially been like sixty since
they'll be about this pizza and check
this out so this girl hasn't even
finished the faux pizza in six days I
told you guys and like a few blocks ago
tissue is not going to finish at best
and yeah bleep ridiculous
and we still know what comics like to
so yeah are you going to finish your
pizza it's probably bad I told you a few
days ago you want to finish it she can't
Vishal pizza you lied to the vlog you
said you're going to finish it and you
didn't now they can never trust you
again anyways guys we have a lot of
cleaning to do the house is an absolute
mess right now literally just like
Drake's lyrics gold I'm pretty sure me
until we are gonna have to buy a new
mansion because we outgrew condo just
like you said you guys already know if
you guys don't know
then here's ray saying it got to mention
cuz I'll cool condo here I mean okay
drinking instead of themselves this
condo life man got them I just I don't
even know like this I have to fit half
my supplies in the closet this is a mess
this is so squished
we got like my Vitamix box right here my
easy box is over a cotton candy things I
hate to break you guys usually I am a
clean freak like I usually I can't
function without everything being clean
and in order but right now the house is
literally I think we've just outgrown
what we have in this house literally I
got my heels on the ground a dog pee pad
garbage
I didn't space okay I need space so yeah
we need space the only way you could
tell you go for it you need spaces I'll
break you up so I'm going to contemplate
that I might have a search or something
tonight but I gotta end the vlog off
there because this is seriously just
getting on my nerves so I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did remember to smash
that like button with your nose
hopefully your nose as big as mine so
you can aim with that I gotta shave this
there stash
let's hit 40,000 likes on this vlog and
me and my friends better yet you guys
know them as team owl will play the
drunk solder stupid game is probably
gonna end in us breaking up tomorrow who
knows what could go on so it's my family
what if you want to see that comment
down below it's a beef thing because
that's probably what's gonna happen when
we play the game so it's a beef ping T
ing are denoted this wags eBay I feeling
crazy won't be baby you already know
what it is and I will see you guys soon
on more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more savage than my main channel and
as always merch is coming soon States
average Lego
