good morning ay yo what's cute werewolf
eat welcome back tomorrow Wolfie doesn't
notice I got a new tank top and it's
actually a dark gray site this is what
color it should be
that's what color it is that is all flat
you're seeing I just saw back to the
jinhwan I just got back from the gym I
learned with Dustin this morning this is
all sweaty this hoodie that I was
wearing so smart to like button if we're
going to keep this going guys 35000 all
the motivation I hope all the wolf am
are eating healthy at home working out
there's no really main goal for me just
to get back into shape and VidCon was my
excuse to do it but if you guys have
been wanting to cut weight or get to a
certain weight let's do it together
know that I'm doing it at home so if I
can inspire you and motivate you to do
it at the same time then get on it and
send the update pics and I will friggin
show you so much love you guys send the
update pics of what you look like before
and after
I love seeing those stories so we're
starting the day off and speaking of the
working out me and Dustin are gonna go
to Costco I'm gonna go get a blender
today because I don't have a blender
I've been using my parents forever so I
can blend my own smoothies I'm also
going to pick up some protein powder so
I could get full so I don't have a
headache every single day and then
Sylvia wants dumbbells so we might go to
a store and get her dumbbells that's
just like the beginning of the day today
is going to be a super busy day but I
got to go shower because this is
absolutely ridiculous so I'll be right
back Julie there we go the day is ready
to get started
I'll just shower it feel a nice feeling
clean right ok let's start today so guys
I found something called a ninja which
is like kind of like a fruit ninja type
thing and something called a Vitamix at
Costco neither of these are Blendtec and
I know the warranty on Blendtec is
really good cuz my parents have it my
voice is starting to go away today so
I'm going to keep looking for the
Blendtec if I can't find it the Vitamix
might have to do the job but god damn is
that expensive for blending smoothies
should just all the friggin micro bullet
nutribullet whenever magical next up is
protein I'm looking for the most plain
flavor this is vanilla chocolate luckily
I got Dustin here to look at the stats
so I don't know what any of it means so
either I like it and then there's also
this chocolate and then this must be
what cookies and cream from next vanilla
Vega proteins whatever has the least
amount of fat is what I'm going to get
to be honest Annelise about calories
I'm trying to be full but I don't want
to be like unnecessarily poof that one's
good real good real zero sugar zero fat
throw it in put out of 41 grams of 35
grams per seems like almost ignite okay
that's the one we're going with for now
vanilla looking in hey guys we're going
to the Vitamix so you guys should
sponsor me look at this seven-year
warranty on that we got trusted by chefs
and say no more I trust with the chef
day chefs lead me through my DIYs chefs
know what we need are the more bubbles
the more bubbles just you know they
always coming so we're going with the
Vitamix I will review this and I'll let
you guys know how it is out of time it's
not as good as a Blendtec you're getting
roasted but we'll see headed to the bank
I got a checked I do my business man
banking done I got a business call geez
all right guys business call done now I
can finally get started with the day got
my coffee
we are good guys quick stop at the boys
house to see what's going on if David is
opening Pokemon cards mark my words I'm
slapping him in the face let's eat so
guys this is what I came to David is not
opening Pokemon cards
what there's open pokemon cards on the
ground Sean so I told you I shot just
after the head what's it like right if
you're opening them I get just a quick
little okay there you go so I open those
on my watch again
not only is there Loki shot so anyways
guys today we are building DIY sean
donahoe Sean's on the phone before we're
building DIY crazy football inventions
so stay tuned it's going to be like a
penguin
okay guys so basically the plan is right
now is we are going to make a
rocket-powered football now a fan sent
me this idea on Twitter but I did a
little bit of research and obviously I
got the idea had to have come from
somewhere so shout out to Steven share I
will leave a link to his description I
will leave a link to his video in the
description but basically what he did
and what we're going to do what we're
going to try to do Dustin played
football I played a bit of football back
in a day we're going to attach these
Rockets to these pretty much these nerf
footballs by drilling like a little hole
in the back of it and then you light the
rocket on fire and then when you throw
the football it's supposed to go like
dumb fart like the size the size of a
field this is where wolfy overkill comes
in and then we have three footballs
we have
early rocket but I want to throw
multiple times like if we can fetch a
confetti footballs then we're redoing
like that we're going to play catch with
rockets essentially we're playing oh if
you can catch it I'll give you $100 cash
but I will fly okay bless you so we're
playing a like an intense game of
jackpot you guys know the game where you
throw the ball up yellow number yel
jackpot catch the ball and that's that's
what it's going to be like so let's get
started alright guys so these are what
we're working with right now this see
6-5 model rocket there's three model
rocket engines for starters or plugs in
each one I honestly don't know what this
is but this is what we need so we have
rockets okay it's require you don't know
I don't think you need those what is
this because it says it comes with like
two plugs or four plugs for starters
three model rocket engine okay we might
need to read some instructions basically
literally we're just going to cut a hole
here shove the rocket in like as simple
I simply put as we can get and then
light it on fire but I don't know where
to lay it on fire like what are you like
they're away no not good at all no no no
no no all right guys okay guys so a bit
of bad news I don't know if we're gonna
be able to make it today because as you
can see in the rocket there's a whole
there's supposed to be a fuse going into
that hole and apparently we don't know
like you can't get fuses in Canada you
can get ones that are kind of similar
but we don't know if they're going to
work so I'd have to ship it so I don't
know if I can do this today but if you
guys want me to buy a fuse from the
state and then attach it so we can do
this rocket card football smash the like
button and we will get it done but it's
just kind of a bummer that we couldn't
do it today because of a few literally
you saw how many Rockets I bought the
footballs I bought everything is bought
and now I just need to feel like
literally I'm going to go to some
fireworks store and rip a fuse out of
the friggin firework itself and get it
done but I don't even know if that's
gonna work anyways that's just called a
fireworks store and they said yeah we're
pretty much screwed if you want to do it
today so I'm just gonna put this stuff
back keeping them back of my car for a
few days and then guess the fuses you
know I'm just going to order the fuse
right now to be honest because I'm cheap
so guys you just have to do some quick
behind-the-scenes stuff that I could not
show on camera but just know that your
boy is working hard and so my first meal
of the day
other than the
other than the smoothie is going to be
KS on the keys with these people sylvia
dustin my mom we're going to get some
food I'm going to get a salad because of
that diet lace obviously the only
possible return so nobody's here though
literally guys this is the healthiest I
could come up with some Caesar salad
some chicken neck stuff with asparagus
and then vegetables so I got my broccoli
and my carrot so we've got her lasagna
lasagna my mom's got nothing
my mom eats at home where it's healthy
did you achieve my friend and then
Dustin's got like his Greek food get
food I promise I'm going to buy you food
I don't care my mom's are eating a
three-episode is broccoli okay I do wow
that looks so juicy and good G okay guys
so I'm back basically this is day 2 of
the vlog yesterday I had to end the vlog
early because I had to figure a bunch of
stuff out like I said there's been a lot
of like boring behind-the-scenes stuff
that you guys don't want to hear but I'm
back and I'm better
just like Bryson tiller and two things
just came in to my mom's house so I just
finished a workout which by the way I've
been staying on all the workouts this is
called a water bubble so apparently what
this thing does and by the way waffle
low-key kind of sponsored me I mean you
guys should pay me a million beans but
at the end of the day waffle super well
literally the wubble company that I've
done a billion videos on sent me or they
reached out to me themselves okay and
send me bear bringing new water bubbles
so kinda just things like it like a
water balloon that you can just chuck
and then it doesn't pop when you chuck
it and then you can like reuse it like a
reusable water balloon so they sent me
that I'm vote to experiment with that
also the fidget sticks are in case busy
toys fidget spinners are like in the
past okay even though I'm probably gonna
still love those off fidget sticks are
the new wave you want to know why I
shall show you why so bring this outside
and shock it at the ground as hard as
possible oh my not oh let's see let's
see so this is supposed to be a reusable
water balloon guys I'm going to throw it
at the table and see what happens by the
way this is our clothes you close it in
on itself and then maybe I made it too
big but let's just see
that probably was the worst possible
situation I've ever seen in my life so
Italy and I voices and everything just
leaked all over me guys literally this
is not a water-resistant shirt so the
shirt that I just showered and got
changed into is soaking wet and the
water bubble is there's nothing in it
water will you let me down you let me
down I don't know how these work I'm
going to try it one more time with less
water because clearly that was too much
water but um number two I have Ryan
filming this time so I got a little
attention and I think the less water you
put in the more likely it is it's
already leaking but let's just chuck it
at the wall of the Amish leak so give it
a 9 3 2 1 just a lot oh ah I just
literally was mind blood guys I just
realized what these are for you fill
them up in a pool or in like a lake with
water Chuck them at people and then I
mean I guess the water like goes out or
at least or something and then you
refill it in the lake and then keep
using it so it is refillable and
reusable in the refillable water balloon
okay good but it's just like I guess
it's just like not cool outside or
anything you need to be in water so kind
of over okay so real toy that I'm
excited a child is called a fidget stick
now if you look at it there's just a
little piece of like torgan I think it's
like rubber polish rubber on each side
right there right there and you can tell
there's more weight on the edges of it
now when I first bought this I had no
clue what to doing it right i no clue
what to do with it but i mean it
literally with fidget toys or if you
will defend it with them so you would
assume that you would just like press
down on one of these what they don't
press down grab it you can't grab it but
what if I told you you can knock it over
and it goes like this that's literally
it literally it but for some reason
people are fascinated by these I like
digits
much better so the goal of this I think
is to knock it over lightly if you knock
it overhead that's what happens but if
you knock it over lightly if you can
make it flip a couple of times and then
land like this here legend so I'm going
to try a couple times I feel like this
is the only addiction because you get to
want to land at once and I'm good once
you landed you just wanna blend again so
it I think us addicted to say it's a
blow King oh okay what knocks right
everyone smash the like button here we
go three two one check dot up guys video
spinner trick shots you know on the
realest MVP and backwards on your head
top contender to what the real question
is why is it like this because like you
know other objects like my mom's iPhone
doesn't work with it you know you try
and try and do it it doesn't hurt Ryan
camera ladies really real this orange
kind of works
qe is the most rotten thing I've ever
seen and literally wished as soon as I
touched it but why does it go like that
we're going to figure it out cuz we're
gonna cut it open you guys already know
I don't drive anywhere without my
fidgets spinner hmm you can already know
I don't go anywhere without my fidget
stick on my favorite spinner it's crazy
how they even made a fidget spinner
compartment on the side of my car that
fits the fidget snake answer to spinner
perfectly
hey guys I'm depressed right now because
honestly I feel like my whole life is
from built up fidget spinners and
wobbles literally so all I do is all I
buy I'm back at the mall trying to
restock up on some levels but what do
you guys know about that what kuduro
check out that moku do roll you guys go
ahead keep going inside your sticks but
I'll be a hipster they're called no
kudos all just Japanese lucky and err
anyways wrap them all we're hyper I'm
hungry I feel like I'm gonna die the
diet is great weight wise I have a
pimple over here but I just wish I could
change cheap food laughs Wow Brian is it
too late now to see if you do say sorry
you're taking a big risk
okay you want to play this you want to
take a risky throw one more line if you
speak out I'm causing an outburst yeah
Oh
friggin Rock'em Sock'em bro you need to
work on your lines get them perfection
oh you know this is actually nice we're
having a nice little showdown
we know it's crazy but I can see the
lines operation in your head yeah but
you know me and you we're both just roll
with this really big young no matters
wrote it's a friendship sin life
yeah I see we're just having a nice
little war down here Star Wars I'm
joking I'm joking bro what's my name
yes whoo that's better
honestly like I used to play ball and
wear a lot of headbands what okay oh if
you can guess the game on sale about
buying I'm not gonna give you any clues
though it actually gets the game you're
buying because you always buy like
around 10,000 Oh 10,000 layers
okay I actually have to go with David
till I rock it out because where I care
about my doggies well I actually have to
go home because my stomach hurts I need
to get some gas out I checked you out
I had nothing else to go
yeah I lost unless like this I guess now
I three watch finding door you shut up
Oh accident was running three I know you
do okay oh it is not there's nothing
left to say guys I'm looking at this
toilet game and I don't really know how
it works but I think you spin it and
then the toilet shoots in your face I
honestly think I'm going to cop it just
cuz it's a dot te amo I have a game for
all my wolf em right now I'm holding a
character I'm following people that
comment down below who this person is
and what movie they're from because I'm
covering their name you can't see it but
just know they say their own name that's
it that's the only hand you'll get early
comment down below I know you're
underage but have you ever been to a
party
what's a Barbie barbeque clear not to
I'm at the bar but like be Obara like be
like bro okay that's how you know the
game's over we have our stretch lines
like that much just apart comment down
below who that is what movie they're
family no don't say anything if you say
anything if I say the first letter you
guys are gonna know so just know first
five people that do it get a friggin
follow so hurry up last thing in this
store before I keep procrastinating and
not finding the right product is why
they have toothbrushes in the front
section and I finally found my name on a
stamp
you know the personalized products that
everybody looks for on these shelves
Charlie or Charles is like a not too
common name but I found me again right
there Ryan never had that issue because
his name is like talking about names in
the world where it's a top point no no
no no no no it's not Benjamin is big
Carter's not that big Coral
why does that's not even your name it's
not you actually couldn't even get your
name oh you're right okay so right now
guys it is pouring rain I got a rush
home really quickly because my hometown
Ottawa the Senators are playing in Game
seven right now if we win this game
they're going to the Stanley Cup and
they're playing against the Penguins you
guys know I don't really watch so much
hockey but everyone obviously the boys
is watching it and you got to support
the city I'm not a bandwagon ER I'm not
a hockey fan but I will watch but I
always but I always love sports when
they are down to the wire so right now
I'm going to go home and watch the rest
of that game with Sylvia probably
doesn't give us to put the game she
just texted me saying she ordered pizza
meanwhile
your boy has just been eating super
clean so I'm not going to enjoy coming
home to a house that smells like pizza
and dipping sauce but I will enjoy
Cecily and I will enjoy seeing the two
puppies dogs because wolfy got his hair
cut yesterday and this guy's smelled so
good
literally like he smells like the
coconut God print smells a little little
bad cable wolfy will make up for that
smell whoopee whoopee home oh my god oh
my god oh my god David French au Prince
relax relax we'll be here break my chain
Prince Prince oh my God look at these
dogs look at these dogs
hey Wolfie okay you're clean okay okay
okay okay okay
yeah good boy holy talk about love good
boy
guys not only did she get the pizza and
the garlic cheesy breadsticks but she
also got the two dipping sauce which I
eat and she doesn't even eat because she
forgot I was on the diet and literally I
have to sit here and watch this piece to
go bad because I know Sylvia's gonna
have maximum three slices of it who's
gonna be stale piece on my fridge guys
cheers - two slices not even three and
one six guys like the video right now
and I will give away the rest of the
pizza to either Ryan's ways cuz he needs
it or anyone who likes it
do not eat in every single times really
see so she never eats any more than two
things you might want to mix it gonna be
my meal for the next two days
she's not gonna eat this is all but just
know this is willpower guys willpower
right to boil a brain
okay guys so before we cut this fidgets
stick open I literally I can't stop I'm
one of those people that have to keep
going until I can flip it and it lands
on itself so I'm just going to keep
going and I'll update you guys with
forget it how many trying to take now so
that's two attempt number three
that was attempt number fourteen
well we're just going to keep trying
smash the like button OOP Backhouse a
happy town it is not 30 to try and it is
possible so now that I know you can do
it I could do it backwards okay no if I
get to it oh I'm a legend Madonna and
out of 32 tribes and you guys let me
know if you guys have a physics hit
comment down below what your record is
see if you can see my records 32 I mean
I probably could get better if I learn
the touch if you hit it hard like I said
it's not going to work you have to have
the right touch which is just like
blowing trick shots yeah okay so now we
are going to be popping a nice we're
doing a kind of it looks like we don't
have any Soviet obligation to do yeah
they piled up personal ends open is a
question I thought would why is that the
muted for to you see if you can pop the
ends out be careful doing this guys if
you do this oh I think I got the end
note already inside yourself and I think
once you do this it's not gonna work
anymore so what is inside of a 56 does
it work if I pop off the red end there's
a question let's see let's see the wait
ah no it needs the red for the grip now
we know the red do any purpose of the
red on each end is to pick up the ground
so now that we know that we can cut it
directly in half and see what cocking
guns how do you bother putting them back
you're just ruining in any way I'm not
ruining it Nick this is a science
experiment let's not cut my hand open
today please very carefully side open
with a knife and it's going to take a
while partway through guys and this is
what we got right now so so far just
looks like wood on the inside to be
honest but we're just going to keep
digging away and all I gotta say is it
doesn't
I will give it to receipted cube I was
still kind of open but they are bringing
tough
I think it's literally just wood and I
forgot my saw which I bought for like a
video a while back at my mom's house in
like our weapons box where we keep all
the weapons so now literally were
throwing our necks at this point but it
is very 30 wood so I'm going to keep
trying for a bit and if I can't get it
open it's safe to say that wood and lots
of wood only is inside of a fidget cube
or fidget stick why don't I see I don't
know the calls does it feel to go though
so we threw off the balance that leastly
threw it off before the card Orlando
alright so now that I was working now
it's time to bring out the big gun will
bring up spot drop and mention this I
bought a while back how to really use a
breezy that's a cutting fruit which by
the way most acute understand how many
pieces you go take 1 take 2 take 3 take
1 it works there's a plate and a knife
at the same time to place so where see
if it works on this ok now the knife has
just loves in there try one more time in
this angle ok so how do we know it's
covered in wood coffee SHINee's that
doesn't work you put that way and
actually use a big gun which is the
hammer make sure you use the cutting
board and you used a hammer to do put
all of the weight on one side this is
just like one of those karate lessons
where you have to chop the wood to get
the bronze oh here we go guys three two
one are you kidding me just follow
through don't hit yourself in the hand
let's go one two
thank you Tom so now we're going to try
biting it that's not anyway it doesn't
work actually hurts your teeth now last
resort I didn't wanna have to do this
but everyone in all this when you light
wood on fire
it becomes leader right no no we're
gonna burn
well you know it's probably not going to
light on fire but the pain might not on
fire and smell bodies do right by the
sink common misperception what doesn't
really light on fire so there's that so
at the end of the day wood is inside of
a finished kitchen I will chop it up
another time I'm not going to leave this
to be unchopped I just have to go get
this off my mom's house which happens to
be too far let me color it out there
ready time to sleep bang don't once
right can you can you bring this off to
my house what besides weapon locks what
now yeah here use it hey hey bring it so
there's our dog all right bye
she'll bring it remember at the end of
the day the fence did really good
I've even disappointed and I don't even
watch hockey just cuz I don't get to
watch anymore with the boys with hi guys
huge news literally I was just searching
through my Instagram I'm scrolling down
the feed and I'm just like oh
Bryson tiller dropped a new picture what
is that this guy the caption says album
l now this dude dropped an album ten
minutes ago so that means the blog's
over smack the like button I don't care
actually hold up before the blondes over
guys this is huge news I'm calling Ryan
swings I'm gonna FaceTime him because me
and him have been waiting our new bryson
music let alone an album which has 18
songs the 18 reign on me no longer print
there's literally 18 songs 19 songs 19
songs bracelet alert hold the hell up
let's see Ryan's reaction this is like
pretty much almost the best news other
than like Dre dropping an album in my
eyes right now so let's see how Ryan
yo what do you think your why you in a
wit yo guess who just dropped an album
19 songs Bryson 19 songs Grayson bro I
swear to God I can read them off right
now on Apple music
this guy just post an Instagram pic
saying album ho now I'm like nah nah nah
I just good apple music the whole album
zero stop listen full album true to self
nineteen times here I'm this is to evade
help zero I got it don't worry about it
oh come on fight okay anyways oh how do
I let you guys know it alright I'll tell
you this favorite song alright hey right
so you guys heard it here break until
the drop new album 19 stars let's get it
comment down below your favorite song on
the album I don't care about anything
I'll try now everything else is getting
cut off for the next hour of my life I'm
going to bed let's leave the album and I
stopped by wolf AM I'm just kidding I
can't end the vlog off like that I love
you guys I love you will Sam thank you
for staying to the end of the vlog and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
in my main channel and as always stay
savage like oh listen to the album's
let's go
