hey you what to do I won't be welcome
back to more will feet today I have
something extremely special for you guys
today I'm going to be reading some
fanfiction about myself today I just
write three like these guys are like
total my best friend so they know a lot
of elements we're all brothers okay
they're brothers they're my brothers
they know a lot about me so this is
going to be like very cringe I mean I
will make this into a series I just want
to get this out there I want more
fanfiction about myself so please
I feel like one let's get 20,000 like if
we hit 40,000 like I will make this into
a series so if you guys go on and write
some crazy fan fiction about me Erik is
it put us all in them I will make this
into the best series you guys have ever
seen
so just I mean if you're a guy I
probably don't write a fanfiction but if
there's some mod girl to write the book
crazy pop it and we will be like a try
not to laugh challenge basically so like
plug water in our mouth one person will
read it weird is a better theory
anonymous so please let's get Whoopie
raps gappy anonymous should guess get
over your rap fan fictions like number
one on the site write as many as you can
and let's get it poppin anyways we were
just sitting on the couch and I was just
like you know I wonder if a fantasy yet
because I kind of like a bigger on
YouTube now and let you have some
so we're on Wattpad whe t patton I think
that's what a fan fiction things go and
I think there's like only like four or
five things written about me so change
that anyways well you can search your
name I just look up my name at a time of
mine look up just that I literally just
looked up my name it sounded translation
came up right away
someone answered oh you guys OOP the
books in fiction is which I'm sure a lot
of you guys do basically it's just like
a story written by a fan or you don't
you need to be a fan but it's a story
written by someone about me or about
their their celebrity crush or whatever
and sometimes it can get a little little
dirty
most Amar's dirty you know that oh
there's so much on you bro squatted down
next to will and
his arm heart or does he know that's it
I hope it's already all over okay leave
an addiction website we might read a
bunch of we eat your eyes what sweat
test the first one I have is called
maple leaves will be wraps and I don't
know it's the first one that comes up
when you search it this is what it looks
like you can see me up there so shout
out whoever made that you're the real
MVP but yeah let's get into it so the
goal is actually no you know what
so both of your mothers water right now
each guy gets the ball he person has a
thing of water because it's probably
going to be some longer to read it Aria
Tori's this about me sigh I gotta read
it please don't spit you crazily finally
or know how to start but this one is
called going to Los Angeles I hold this
as me in it okay so what's up guys its
YouTube name oh is this even about me
looking hey hold on guys he had a
girlfriend her name is so okay okay it's
about I think it might be long okay
we're just gonna grate it we're just
going to skip to halfway through I was
kidding drink your water I was cleaning
every I was cleaning up everything and
was throwing papers in the trash I
personally liked all the lipstick so I
was going to keep them all just to add
more to your makeup kit in bed I
finished up and started to pack my
suitcase for Los Angeles yet I can't
wait to leave get the warm feeling
instead of the cold one I needed some
warm mission like this is this local
double gate I had 3.2 richest billion
subscribers and he had three point eight
seven nine visiting 141 which is kind of
good it's all you also had a girlfriend
any mood Silvia she was pretty and it
seems like you really liked her he never
looked at me like that
when we were dating I don't understand
you know what it's whatever I don't need
him to get over I look down and I saw an
iPhone 7 laying in front of me
I grabbed sovereign trips with the
disease and saw the one and only
Charlie I blushed and looked away oh
shit I'm sorry
you said it picked up his phone before
turning back to his girlfriend cuddling
and talking I quickly started welcome to
walk again until I reached my own seat I
sought out the window seat and have my
mother for my bags out
he must not notice me that's good I
stared out the window just thinking
about him and biting my bottom lip I
went back and I about to ask my mom
something until I thought she wasn't
there
where is she oh no don't tell me she's
where I think she is end of chapter no
that day in town there might be yes and
you're reading an expert well I almost
fitted I want an iPhone 7 bro this is so
long it's a whole book how many chapters
I said and looked over at Julia kissing
her head oh this is from my point of
view
Charlie POV she's okay oh there are you
sure I want to spin it you said this is
Mark I just want to see off the plane
times get Charlie POV you're peeled
end of chapter okay there's like 600
chapters you know what great show of
Sylvia's full outfit hahaha yo yo yo I
don't know if you guys do this but
Julia's full outfit is there where is
the perfume times give Charlie POV none
this is I can't do this one Alan each
other therefore co-wrote a book I'm
going to read this one solo dolo later
but further oh you're not you're the vid
I'm sure this is over as soon as I get
home that one is just two times can do
make a wolf ear and Wolfgang something
beautiful oh I probably have water in
your mouth right now this red one read
me the tightest I'm ready to go
the trailer is will be rats and wolf
this was a game fanfiction frog how did
your water not out here buddy
okay Oh a whole JLT Opilio this will get
dribble up I'm gonna start reading
personally one day I was going on
YouTube when I was watching wolfy rap
video and at the end of his most recent
one he said I'm having a contest so I
can send one lucky viewer to Kenya and
then the whole week of you at first I
thought it was another person with the
same name but in the comments he posted
the username of my YouTube account so I
commented and said that's me on the
winner okay thank you grab you like that
doctor you naked
I don't know it because I was nothing I
that see out the waiting room anyways
why retire Mew David you watch it after
that we watch the movies and ate some
popcorn that all decided I sent I felt a
hand on my shoulder I was freaked out so
I looked at Whoopi and said what are you
doing
Wolfie replied you must be tired from
the long drive here I think you might
need a mess up well thank you everybody
the title next I think you need massage
okay here we go they got more water by
the way guys master like button again if
you want my mom to read some of my
fanfiction rule 35 celexa will do it
anyway
are you ready this verse where it gets
juicy Rob won't pull on you okay please
don't spit on my camera okay
I asked why did he run upstairs won't be
replied I don't know let's go find out
so David's probably upstairs as I walked
upstairs Wolfie solved behind me as I
continued to walk up the stairs
I felt his hand grazing down my back I
could just chill chill chill
I turned around and looked at him and he
had a little grin on his face so I
ignored it and continued to walk up the
stairs how they reached the top of the
stairs I asked will be where I go now
David replied in here so I followed
David Boies and I thought David like
laying down on the bed with his six inch
soft and then they were soft he no big
deal
here buddy
you know I guess very good very good I
didn't see one thing I just got down a
turn go wrong I know I should you for
water mama
oh that escalated sometime oh it keeps
escalating are you are you picturing
this in your head right Charlie's more
hectic in here but the data in here
Charlie boy I doing this for you I am
here watching them suckers cream sauce
after about five to ten minutes David
legend big big big big dick takes off
I'm gonna draw aggro
I'm literally roll the wing is the
story's not weird picturing our friend
yeah their heads that's what I'm saying
this is David
in other words restoration he's equation
is legit
okay then I went in wolfy undressing I
got down into his briefs inside yeah
Brooke legs all day
ha ha ha ha got the word read in that
sentence body is not living the
microscope that hey I pulled on his
breeches there was little stuff little
about 4 feet 8 and stuff ok I where's
the cord off your heart through a lot
thanks 13 Noemi the image hazing over 12
um right just eight inches be given big
something it's big art big sophomore
anyway
I managed to successfully deep sure
we'll teach you
so that's going to have to stay so far
guys please give me feedback and I'll
make a better one thanks for eating
really transition that well this is my I
just saw him gathered here level David
Opera know David off bro and David as
never said your floor theater I know he
never did but he said he definitely took
it so I did it was a very much 12 inches
baby tunnel from 6 to 6 soft I hate hurt
knowing eyes are dying are nine hurt you
know right don't know that's how you
know I think the break of dawn was like
14% much yeah
oh my god ko yo get your water in your
mouth for this one boys John John John
put a little water for Joe you're
already you're not spinning okay no no
please please please in the bucket okay
this one starts right away there's no
waiting on this one this is by the
undefined mmm are you ready Dustin
Jessica already hey babe you're here
Charlie comes from the bedroom yeah you
yell back from the kitchen I need you to
come here he says you roll your eyes
over and go to see what's happened when
you walk in the room you notice his
clothes around the ground what did I
tell you about leaving your boxes on the
ground you'd say piss I'm sorry but hey
can you bring me a towel he else in the
bathroom you take them to town when you
go to hand in the towel you pulls you in
the shower with them you let out a small
street tick clip
can't you hold you from line oh and you
feel it semi-hard you threw your clothes
okay you let out a small moon and that's
enough to get them fully heart next
thing you know he cares to take time off
your concerns to massage your breath Oh
baby you say will reaching for his big
that is now broken to the back oh why is
the top rotate your baggage drop so
here's your letter your real urban area
yesterday okay there's a few more lines
in this one get a do-over grab a shot to
start the stroke it I don't hear you
know I've been waiting to do this
Charlie says you buy your lipitor turn
to order you signal for him to carry you
to your bed
he picked you up and take you to the bed
laying you carefully Charlie looked at
you and you simply not consent
oh yeah you lazy girl huge not to get
everyone's age stronger than what to get
18 he pulls down your leggings and
starts to play with you I trow this is
holding in the fridge if you grab onto
his hair a little closer okay now it's
your turn to face you flip them over and
he's on top of your bed in over holy
I'll be exposed by that you start to go
down and start sucking his massive you
hear more games remember and now drive
you suck harder oh my god turn over
you're demanding okay yo yo yo let's
just skip a bit lately charlie takes it
starts putting it in you feel only to
tip but you're already hurting to tip
all of a sudden ether stress hard on you
making you back you grab you grab on his
back in the good pain you're feeling
honey what he pulls out and comes all
over you report you to the chip deciding
okay
okay my your longer than I ever would
rehearse yeah well I think will be my
ride it's a glitch a little bit this guy
not in two minutes to show guys that's a
real astoria her head we're gonna do
like two more stories well I'm telling
you I thought they're all possible no
one the bottom of the interactions okay
yeah I just need a second so I'll be
back in a second I'm going to let Ryan
read one now I'm going to put water in
my mouth because you know it's about me
even too dirty hopefully this one's more
PG by the way guys I'm gonna tell you
right the dam fanfiction about me
because I want to have part to be
absolutely crazy with my mom writing oh
yeah let's get it right there's a notice
that this person are you know Sylvia and
will be are dating but to continue with
this marry your roaming around VidCon
when he suddenly remembers that this is
going to happen so this is run before
this is foreshadowing this is for Josh
you were wrong around VidCon when we
suddenly remembered that you have to
meet your favorite youtuber multigraphs
has arrived you saw that he was with
jazz David and chuan-shan I love the
debris I'm sure and you watch just
awkward
we're gonna be from Jersey overhead
yes Lord you kindly give them notes and
present the next day it's time to leave
Orlando to go back to Toronto Canada she
was hoping that whoopee
and has made a video of VidCon tall as
you ate two weeks there was no video as
he lost hope on him seeing that know
someone DM them some of the MD there was
hope yeah I'm looking I was giving she
was trying to prove it was him if you're
the real Whoopi then what did I give you
a bleep con as she weighs about two
minutes to move it so much and when I do
get big hook trick you took a picture
cabinet Oh
Charlie what did I give you a big con -
did you made a picture like I don't want
a part letter with eggnog she was
surprised
well she was on mode the one and only
whoopie wraps well Oh seaside I can't
believe this she texted Emma -
personality and interest after this
dream came alive she knew it might come
to an end
you should tension to meet me at
Starbucks and actually spacially waiting
for reply someone told you that little
trick you're waiting for mochi to come
or shit change is so fab you throw that
big skip ahead
oh you're gonna marry by it oh good this
one it's all recent you're getting an
advisement soon you asked for - unicorn
frappuccinos if we're to be ready to
head outside move Yuma
register he paid me up I'm leaving the
house I have to leave the house okay
okay okay
as you as you sip on your unicorn
frappuccinos you picture him sucking
like like that's the question you hope
you walked in and immediately saw you
and came up to you and said um would you
like to date wolf you're upset you don't
know what to say
like happy to say something sure of
course I would be suffocated the people
looking at you you got your universe
it is why leave others gossiping about
members so this is all in this all right
not bad not as crazy or a section for
the other one no a man no it's not crazy
okay one more does anyone have a crazy
fanfic in this room everyone look their
self up and drop it right now there's
any crazy fan fiction - a love story a
young believer does it is friggin
probably the funniest one I've ever seen
everyone hold off your horses know
something I don't know what it's about
this one's called David Perry but I see
a lot of names yeah okay they all so hot
anyways this is you big dick tape oh my
picture with David no no your POV base I
said well Mon what you went through
while sucking between my next stop of
days I giggled
we're recording a video and the rest of
the gang would become two and these two
people did so much if you find out is
going to be a high okay dude not now he
said while continuously giving me a
hickey besides you look delicious I
could practically hear the lust of
David's voice gathering Charlie chuckled
as he walked in the room with John shut
up Charlie Charlie shut up Charlie
go ahead David piping DJ I think Dave I
can beat him with the planet okay okay
I will get he'll appeal he should yeah
shut up Charlie David said while taking
his head out of the crook in my neck I
looked at him and giggle he smiled and
winked back at me he got up and walked
towards the table Charlie was that I
heard the sweet whispers here and there
eventually the rest of the game came
along and took place on a couch deejay
Dustin Brian jab brewery Paul go seldom
sat on the couch of the rest of team
album n elbow and elbow Omar and Jacob
West's sees David really no yeah she
cooks wrong
what is yn me Leggett no hey what's up I
asked and faced him what's on your neck
yeah clapping I'm guessing my man's dig
Jesse my head Dave couldn't keep his
hands off you huh awkward pauses lingo
this is amazing Dave oh shut up my
lasted play please plug John in the arm
school blow these turns his head and
walk towards the coast road and others
shortly behind him what what what what
this is so what David has truly confused
and here is the bitter Carter that what
was more let's escape of it I'm sorry
daddy
Louis David girlfriend today I'm back
with my girlfriend whatever her name is
and the whole team before the video
starts match like what both demos and he
pounded into me since they've had the
answer this dance we were now in a
bathroom on the counter right what was
the fuss again here he'll be waiting
haha smells gorgeous fun we were just
filming a video oh my gosh you'll hear
again is Davis going off he was going
off
my heavy somebody down my hips rattled
his and he listened the cap and the
bucket gets the wall David I love a
chick sending shockwaves it's worth
nothing it's not weird
it caused me to clinch around his length
he multiplied again that's not my name
he growled I moan at his dominance
answer me he growled and pounds me into
a full force
I'm sorry daddy good boy I did say it
again I'm sorry down daddy
louder he groaned and trusted me and
forbid making my mouth Cape open
speechless through yeah I'm on this
grunts and releases inside of me hey
babe a sausage a demon I love you I love
you too I'm gonna truly did say I'll not
know it Wow Brody's out hey stop grow
from that song that is one day so there
you guys go
slash feels like Clinton will do another
one three my Mac like button as he grabs
onto my head and forced me up $35 and
I'll do with my mom shout out to all the
beds of the video of all the man's in
the video just same link in the
description if your boy link in the
description writes waves link in the
description angle
BJ is behind the camera yeah link in the
description as well drive to all them
and erased a fanfiction player whole bus
so we can oh
grab my hand oh and help me walk along
the beach and then I write them up
garlic down below or like how I can make
this runner by the way great what am I
saying
comment and make sure to comment down
below who you want us to read fanfiction
on next woo I think Ryan through his van
picture would be good like that I didn't
even know who I was when I was
straddling it
if you didn't even know how are you
again comment down below who you want on
in doubt will get it done and that's
appreciate the ask you guys to know
holes will retailers the more savage my
main channel and as always don't
straddle me face our respects
