and you would get your will be welcome
back to more Whoopi today I got another
bag of challenge for your head table
bongos here Brian Swain is here today we
are doing a challenge that I personally
would get very mad at because I am the
type of guy you guys know I know a lot
of lyrics I know a lot of songs but I
don't know the name so today we're doing
guest a strong challenge I'm excited
with us for this guys welcome back to
the blogs your voice we see aka mr.
light-skinned Jason - I'm here and I
love you glad talk girl if he has a
video look I picked these two probably
because well DJ's not here right now
back in Toronto he knows music but
besides DJ's these guys
Shawna's know sister Dustin to me
right behind the camera doesn't know
anything but he's still here if you hear
Dustin just shout out random Stewie you
know he's here he is a ghost character
but there we go I owe you at home please
let me know if you spank these guys how
it's going to work is I'm going to play
a song and then you guys have to buzz in
don't hit the table because I can't
hardly horrible and make a sound what's
your sound for like buzzing it shove it
okay do it for you yes then just listen
hello here so no looking at the screen
and basically we're going to start right
now I have a bunch of songs ranging from
current songs some older songs are they
hip-hop songs yeah they all his no no
okay so you got to know you got to know
what first song I'm just going to play
and I went to the best part in this all
by the way guys go down to my satellite
ones if you want more challenges like
this 40k minimum okay 5 4 3 2 1 okay I
hope you practice if you didn't I hate
you anyways here we go this one's gonna
be very deadly away 3 2 1 break up jump
up so far oh I don't know guys check it
but but listen to it well he screamed
it's gonna be better because I don't
want you guys just screaming
if you scream you have like two seconds
to guess it and if you don't get it
the other guy has like four seconds
against it so don't just be screaming
and he don't know this on me so I did it
but it was bad energy
I'll give us an app for Bongo but new
rules are new rules next one ready yeah
three two one
I don't know yet so I get the point no
you don't know I'm already I can apply
to get your calling home I'm not sure
the name of the timeline Oh Jacques call
cargo now you get it second again yeah I
don't want to go home okay
I'll play it a little longer till you
come back home come back home no home
I'll skip ahead and say you come back oh
wow it's exactly why we all know Sonia
who hates Jane plus beta days if first
one did names both artists in the song
get the point game in particular no no
it was a man because I would get the
girl huge artist Selena Gomez no
creators on it
no sarcastic girl hey no Gaga frigging
Taylor Swift yeah Taylor Swift in his
cause I don't want to live forever
oh okay I'm warming the holotype now on
target it's not hip-hop yeah yeah
next one is also not hip-hop but very
popular song three two one
Justin trouble is looking yeah brutal
monomethyl
oh my god but that is popping through oh
my god just get behind your head jab to
the to the course cameo sitting up
skipping okay no it's coming up listen
closely
then yeah yeah yeah sorry done no give
her head again give me the first letter
he was it that's what I like some sort
of like remarks that count yes what it
is it's a lot like my I like that's what
I like I don't know how to do my job
so trooper Bongo well more than two Ryan
just be the thing for you got it like no
hip-hop I don't know kpop
please if you don't know this go hi
Chris Brown party not fangirl
oh how you got it to me it's all this
stuff like this my cleaver cardi no sir
now I do what I wanted to Lucy are you
give it to her - it's called do that one
right now I do but I'll give it to you
I'll give it some attitude you and I
probably would've guessed woke up like
this - yeah cousin yeah sounds like the
intro oh very current very hip very hot
littah closely 3 2 1 get on the 1 by DT
calluses I see you roll the dice to you
he said yep ok but I guess the real
thing were you I was ready yeah really
cool Tisa here ok come Ryan rolled a 1
ah oh my god yo yep what's up what's up
with this oh my get ready I'm ready
ok 2 1 yeah Selena Gomez what's the name
of the channel ready escape more than
your own night I know this one I know
it's one good as I fix it this has 500
million years by the way so you should
know it
this guy thinking out thinking ok I'll
give you a hint
yeah he says like the song lyric likes
it you know sometimes they don't tell
you oh it's a is that this so I goes
alright complete it what are you gonna
do I just think sometimes like they
never even mentioned the lyric in the
song she says oh but she said the
political yes yes I hear what it is
cause the heart wants what it wants the
heart will brief you won't be there the
heart wall and I just made up my three
ones are the three year old I just can't
roll dice it's not the rule dice
challenges yes is it I'm not no guys by
the way haven't subscribe to both my
boys already link in the descriptions
bumblebee shake ryan swings really very
sore know it's not but oh hey dr. wolf
Emory here anyways negative thoughts on
such rice wheezy be good it's a whole
Malone um what's that saucin i'm saucin
on you I'll give you a couple more
seconds here up give it to me like
everything here brother is not positive
you said three seconds whoever's closer
ponies what probably I'm gonna say 150
million views okay I'm gonna say three
hundred million
no no no it's 301 million
no yeah when is not some boy oh that's
the variety with the potential point is
before tied up Brian isn't getting some
slapping him
there's no way cuz Ron is he said yes
first your office crossing with your
thoughts with drunkenness - that's
actually guys guys not it's true stuff
no it's not is it pretty
yeah that is it company there's no it's
called dirty money
what right brewing is promoting it you
got dawg Chris on a dress calendar Scott
shouted but the song is called party -
come on guys I thought you're in with
beautiful party say something to help
you have to one better come waiter my
secret fried it is crisscross are you it
is Chris trust at the start of the song
he pleased he plays a few please Chris
Rock but then he goes to listen and then
he gleams like a party Oh Chris Scott
definitely let's ride the hog you sir on
your time we're talking a drying his
limo create news here whoa echo through
life
Chloe but like boo l YF l l ife LIF L Li
f3 I really care if you cry right here
haha
this is ain't for sure you know don't
know this one i rolling today I use
exams in song this is 600 million views
so I must get us get to the chorus by
the way this is
oh yeah
drag me down yeah but wonder how you got
that nobody nobody next song and now it
was all of one direction and the first
person is Hellmuth Harry you should know
Harry Styles away
next one medium EDM everyone at home I
y'all two wheat is by marshmallow I
don't know what's on it but I know
Charlie would take on my roller track
yeah it is my marshmallow
I like it the bongo just says it why not
all right I'll just every kid Marcel
coming after the grendizer
he shows friendship he knows that I was
listening to March day how much listen
to me when I talk and it's like I say
okay I kept on going
laughter it's called alone by Marshall
and by the way wolf Sam I knew you guys
got that at home that's not fair that's
a role for us classic speed round
yeah yeah chief of you at Unity Fargo
got it
next on the air guy I knew right away
you contain a winner cause we're tied
again at Lenexa yeah do we Bryson said
oh don't play with it
don't be inside I got it nah man you
think oh you dropped this on my head but
it'll cheer you up chill impressive
Jilla pricing this makes all my head
CACO 3 2 1 good move by Big Shot that
was your nickel
yes loves a comeback Big Sean thank you
that I took al with tonight hey that's
the lyrics connect on count stack Molly
missing I'm not even playing song
whoever's listening Mexican this easel
yep here on your heads off listen to me
what I'm talking is not it who do you
want to add your boyfriend planet books
again single man looking to mingle if
you're over 18 I use this trap audition
for you guys some kinda way fun easily
just no drones people get your
holographic with just look to that do it
it's a DNA by Kendrick Lamar right or
worth the killing so I'll say I found
her I go through bone I know how I blink
my drink you used to call me on my
that's for you to drink
buzz off you're getting I choked because
I knew it so well for the next point me
I'm going up oh yeah future my tell
yourself it wasn't right is so quiet
future right so quiet dog no one wants
your Pokemon
freakin cars broke this one you guys are
both over why it's a kpop track okay
JJ JJ part there is a part button you
gotta listen too closely it's all friend
you can call a friend but because we
calling I'm calling Dave it's not like
it's a first with your six last row
seven Atlanta that long my name is to
get it wrong David listen to the song
tell me who is by who's there by BTS
yeah your cousin not today not today not
to be there Democrats will change
naturally I apologize all the night way
to one yeah next song is from my hip hop
head yes we can someone yeah it is our
way well here's a quick boo literally I
just play like nothing you know it can i
play you know we listen to a lot of hip
hop music okay ii started taking that
cargo yep I want to hit you little gotti
and Kyle I spy Wow good our tight the
last white with the court we're tight
title game last time is a bit judge it
what is it no no long unless the rebound
this was a clutch play coming in hot
right back to top all go get the cat but
it isn't and gets it is 100 percent
Nicki Minaj yeah I'm on it
you play your spots in the air like the
footage is I was gonna be
yelling custom seconds the only kippa
playing it only plays it give me your
final answer they know I'm half only
yeah I think that's the only thing that
you can go with it also was it in it
buzzing I will find your coffin cuz it's
not I know it is oh wow that's a hard
one what I know Joey question like when
comment down below more songs you want
me to use for part 2 if there's bear
kpop songs and I didn't do because I
only did one you guys are k-pop fans let
me know in the comment section spamming
whatever songs you want for part two
hopefully wouldn't get DJ around for
that one because he knows he'll probably
need a wasn't destroyed although no no
no seen all the what I just talked with
I taught you to die to the wind is not
the top 40 men no Tanya I assume I'm the
one who listened to the most everything
now you're a cop courney haha again
sheriff to my man Bongo it's way easy
baby link to the description you already
know today's go check them out as soon
as you're done this challenge
Sam their comments with looking the best
on YouTube like feel me my heart is not
large like a money maybe a walk if I
wall is 10 will be the best on YouTube
oh wow 6 is updates close it up back
attack shut up
won't be the best on YouTube Gianni nor
today ha ha
he'll see you guys soon and I'll see you
guys soon on normal when we say a little
bit more thumbs animation I always pull
they dive is Nagel
