good morning a yo what goodness your boy
Wolfie if you guys see oh that lighting
though perfect light for light skin is
up today guys it is very very hot okay
literally woke up this morning dying I
have to get a drink of ice-cold water
because I don't think the AC in our
house is working well it's not working I
have some pimples here okay hopefully
the he can burn off these pimples
because they're really hurting and it
honestly hurts to talk but today is
going to be an exciting day because the
boy team al Bowl as you know them are
potentially looking for a house there
might be a bit of an upgrade from the
crib they're living in now no guarantees
but today is going to be crazy because
I'm going to go with them because I'm a
good friend and we're going to go see
some crazy houses okay so smash that
like button if you guys are excited you
guys are like house hunting with me but
not only for me before the boys but
through me so smash the like button
right now with your big toe okay take
off your sock right now you got ten
seconds I'll give you ten seconds for
this one because this one's a little
more complex than the other ones
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two one BAM I hope you guys all smashing
like button but ah yeah nice outside
Silvia's going to come along for the
ride for like a bit it's going to be a
nice day my goal today is not to be
inside like too much if not at all today
because you know we don't get these days
too often this is how you know summer's
here look at the sunshine we're just
going to have to show you through
through here that the sun is shining
okay what the heck is going on right now
can we just check okay you know what
let us leave that there for that okay we
broke it first I was looking at no
engine shut up kid I'm in your damn room
what'd you say I'm in your room
you got more another room I got like I
see like people a little what kids are
up to these days guys I don't care what
anything except why okay so I couldn't
show you guys too much of the first
house because I didn't know about the
filming policy but I figured it out for
the second house we should be good I'm
not going to show you guys too much just
know that you're going to experience
this with me sorry about the first house
but know that the first house has a
hockey rink in it a pool 500 barbecues a
hot tub that's what we're looking at I
need to get me a hose with a ballerina
like what a wah it's a tie someone get
this many youtuber off my friggin series
with the whole nurse set on okay Ruben
Ann has 900 Ekans
give me a nerf cancer what we did love
you quickly Rico and the house we start
centered great ear form you're going to
get one arm bigger than the other I like
my pools how I like my swamps but
imagine this guy drop this guy that's
the way easy so ever since is all again
I literally just I shot a fanfare I'm
done filming you know I'm done
like I'm diving I don't know why they
put the fridge in the slide on that side
of the house and not on this side
because literally I feel like they're
trying to invite people from the highway
to come to come on out of the friggin
tool I thought just me alright guys so
now the next house I'm just going to
prep you guys to see what is inside of
it I don't want to spoil too much but
let's just say this one's a beast there
is a lot of stuff that you're about to
see so let's go view it if these mom's
gonna show with their private pool or
not private pool private lake and
private beach see me with the beach in
the backyard we call it the backyard I
color the beach Jerry my god this is
beautiful oh my god I'll move it in
there you use the kayak to go to my
house across the lake over there jet ski
to me see me over there indoor pool us
with a volleyball net all is on a
basketball net why why is there a pool
in the house dude has wine glasses and a
wine for us for everybody it's just
let's drink
lots out sound system built-in something
for your drinks tables memory foam
pillows forgive you guys this is madness
for driving range basically shoot out
into the difference it's all right in
the water
commander board is like a little quick
swing so like you don't you never get
those balls back Ally
yeah buddy Ally
you hit it never coming back the balls
are you.why literally go to the library
when you get your own damn library with
every encyclopedia and the whole entire
universe of anthropology dentistry here
I've added a second ami by Logan Logan
yeah yeah I'm running back to decide I
think I'm saying no door to the toilet
oh no doors or what oh dear this thing
get your own Bart Jill one DIY kitchen
faking film downstairs this chatter
what's wanted barber chair table tennis
Jim Jim Jim Jim
TV Jim Poole oz change rooms change room
- yo yo yo DJ shower home cedar poker
room don't even know what this room is
but it's kind of lit wine cellar guy
even laid out the chips and the cards
and the other thing this guy's Marty's
trying to sell random weight scale I
don't know what just does if David wins
this rally we're buying the house and we
really wonder in real money you already
know the Harry Potter books let's get it
JK Rowling I'm rolling up the house
get your own golf purse get your own go
for it dinner's ready
another house another staircase and
pools and like my wife always had a bar
that's a little bar bro we're going to
the bar pool table just get a pool get a
home for the pool and a pool table
Oh
pulled here Ljubljana Oh get your wings
I think it made this but like Wayne
Gretzky senior sharing here so he's got
coffee no yeah look here y'all get some
better this is better this is a little
better
bro this is better this is better oh my
another home theater like popcorn
machine gym beside the Peter decided oh
my coffee I don't know about this poker
table compares a lot I'm sure we can't
get it because the poker table is not
crazy like you lock them yeah there's no
light Jesus yo come on out boys yo boy
today
what time British loves dark Oh bro I
thought that was some neck ball in there
doing their fielder could be there's an
exit buddy there's an exit and a
bathroom there's an ensuite Gil there's
an ensuite in here
I had a jacuz Negro look alive ya know
but there's a secret exit oh yeah come
show me
II know I'm sweet cuz I eat an Anna
Allah say - Johnny - ah didn't look at
how nice and cool us guys we nicer than
that dirty one flashback to the other
one I like my pool is how I like my
swamps fuck
you played yourself clean the pool but
it still still crazy story before this
dissolves on to walk in number one walk
in number two step up into my name oh my
god are they watching bingo er what's
what's gonna hear what is going what
good would it do though some people keep
music's have an outdoor bathroom and
beds they're not bedroom but bathroom
right by right behind the bar come onto
the pool Wow
was a TV I'm moving in the oven loves me
now we're at a new house that has a
sauna with the rock cause oh oh you guys
walking in the sauna they locked me here
to start ha it's not look at me to it
I'm sweating okay it's hot
no it's not hot
this honor I don't know yet like here
brought all this back coming out into
the backyard this is a week there's
minimum 500 things getting exploded in
this back here minimum what is this a
fireplace underground oh this is a
fireplace DIY fireplace underground gee
this is a room in another house just
sunlight galore absolutely no reason but
you just feel important right onto the
pool hole leave it's true plus I get
punched in their head no no no where's
Ryan going where is he going
is it salutely nice to be back in the
corner like cleansing Transocean okay
okay right don't allow the smoke across
and over there this corner leaders are
always killing with you what is this
what is this dark alleyway where what is
your film room come on I know Zack Zack
moving in one speaker box help me tell
Peter I didn't even see that anymore
people no no no back let's bearded Peter
looking you take shots before going on
like Lansdowne theaters like yo luxury
seats bring the movie to your own house
hello here buddy my host has a stage the
garage hey Bronco I'm coming too I don't
want to get his car on camera or his
cars on camera but just know that
there's a Lamborghini that I'm looking
at right now so that's important is that
going from God to this unfinished
basement you know this is this is over
this is hopeless ago this all just urges
younger head
Dustin Sisco yo Oh yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo you're filming
no Joe Joe Joe Weider the neighborhood
have wild turkeys gobble gobble there's
wild turkeys bigger than my car no no
no no no no no not back out to the
private gym diet
yeah why I was in debt service so
Brandon games they're here to do is
pinch the wall wasn't is for the same
prevention is it not be better
yeah compliment we're good lower lower
lower
okay I can't even break a little 45 I
can't all right we take handle 45 not
any skin from here you do rock swim in
the back you it will cost me a ball dogs
here are not thing are you testing it
make sure there's no sink three if
you're men you know one your best out of
three you both are three shots one you
go one for one 102 miss that's a missed
two to us yeah go your dad could not
have got any closer yet it's a shot
pinhole okay and one for two two for
three
you can't win there's no better way to
end off a nice house hunting day than to
get every single food you can ever look
at in your life winged desserts generals
house in sushi chicken pizza like we're
everywhere where everywhere let's get
this so guys obviously know I got my
second plate of food awesome desserts on
it as well
is he right here for all your foodies
out there we go
where I got two great ball is not even
to eat but just look how big these
grapes are biggest grapes I've ever seen
in my life to give you perspective this
is a spoon you can see that it's a visa
it's a nice dessert King it's a nice
little signal I think I'm on a diet
guys good olive if you eat always I hear
you okay I don't hate you but you're 9
years old you know I'm saying look at it
all there a certain DJ yeah no no I'm
getting both money here carrots me all
of the award Oh foods then fortune
cookies are up now the key my fortune oh
good luck in your jacket
okay this is your fortune what's nice is
your mind here we go breakin my fortune
cookie again now whatever you get is me
and whatever I get a view these are one
of those general ones woman you tend to
be contemplative and analytical by
nature I think you do now imma go with
the flow type right after you will
receive a toilet eat it from an unusual
source No okay so whoever sent me to an
art that's me fan mail mine send it my
way
kill mine yeah just hopefully you guys
give me like a five million dollar
mansion right now so we need whoa fam so
I'll just informed that it is a big day
today someone who you guys know very
well who I know very well very special
member of my family it's their birthday
today I'm pissed at myself that I didn't
know that but Sylvia just let me know
today that it is officially wolfy
juniors first birthday he's officially
one so I would appreciate if all of my
wolf scam went down in the comment
section below and commented happy
birthday won't be Junior let's spam it
as many times as possible
because my dog breeds the comments okay
whether you think it or not this guy's
always bugging these like yell wolf eat
comprehensible peas senior goal bro let
me read the comment I want to see the
nice thing to have to say about me so
not Prince but wolfy juniors first
birthday okay birthday number one and
for some reason I don't know why but he
appreciates like the like something like
the video or something so you guys would
go down and smash that like button and
hit like 35 thousand for wolfy Junior I
mean he would really appreciate that as
his birthday present so that's your
birthday present to him but me I don't
like him right now I'm not with
he's not cleaned up in houses Silvio she
does things when I'm with the guys and
I'm going to go to the pet store and buy
this guy the most brutally the most bad
a bushy sad most bad dog treats no
miracles I should have said it earlier
because that really doesn't make any
sense well I'll buy him the most bougie
dog treat that they sell at that value
or Petsmart whatever pet store I decided
to go to you know those ones when you go
to the front of the store and they
literally have like ridiculous treats
that are like more expensive than human
food that's what I want to buy for will
be jr. because I love the dog okay
here's my I can't say favorite but
favorite cuddler for instance and cuddle
so I love whoopee like that so me and
wolfy bonded I mean I named the damn dog
after me
so I owe him a crazy crazy gift let's go
get him away to get let's get it all
right Wolfie can you see the most
expensive toy in the whole store
I shall get your toy first and we're
going to get you some treats on hmm in
this scene has done this who they're
with you yeah yeah that one yeah
something like that maybe you can
upgrade to Kong sizes well these are
loud you know dogs love those those are
you put like peanut butter and shit oh
yeah cinnamon but they have the Kong GDP
okay the cheese either we want to peel
whether the bumper your what are you
eating this Kong is what I want to know
that is a good noise whoa where you put
peanut butter in it okay you know that
cheer you have this black bro
chalk it Chuck that Chuck Chuck it what
show is that from quick trivia trivia
but sure they say it just chuck it then
the girl says very guy Zoey 101 you're
not a real fan get the haircut here
Wolfie you're getting an chicken
elephant cause you're getting to be a
big big boy that's annoying so we're
putting that back this one's kind of
quiet the sock monkey and it's still big
and wolf you loves chewing on these arms
so we're not getting it
we're getting this guy
what okay now he's - Vicki - we're
getting the small one and now a treat
and nothing but the best dog treats for
my dog boys guys tell me of my dog food
is more expensive than me so we're just
gonna go away
beef and vegetable blend this for wolfy
nothing but the best for you dog this is
why I came here buddy you're getting a
few of these we're going to try which
ones are like the most BOTS like which
ones I do you recommend the best they're
all the same except for the butter top
um the girls are kind of cute I like
icing on the summer
okay wolfy we're getting you some ice
cream cones not for prints though it's
not his birthday guys put these in the
bag I'll take three so I should I'll
take three ice cream cones and a
squirrel guys I also caught them a blue
crown that says spoiled on it what I
thought about it and I'm gonna try some
dog food today so I'm gonna prop it for
myself as well okay guys apparently we
found these sticks not at the cow penis
no why is it longer than Ryan's whole
body it's stretched let me smell Wow so
we came to Starbucks to get some coffee
because I haven't had coffee this
morning
and we are looking for David and jad and
the parents again oh no no no no oh
bloggers no no so basically we are going
to find David and jad they said they're
still in chapters so if I know Dave well
I know he's in the toy section I found
them first gasps toy section I knew is
the tank saying man's are in the toy
section a lie room when you come into
chapters to find video ideas where we
got here bro tell me come tell me never
been yeah yeah but I watched it
operation I played it and not giving a
lit thing in classic absolute classic
tell me you've ever seen this game in
your life
I might buy Kinect for just to dummy all
Mendon well who is better than me in
Kinect for me me I bought that all right
but I don't need to buy I bought it here
it's actually I already have a holiday
when Ryan thinks he's actually nice oh
you want to play right now what yeah rip
it open you pussy don't know you guys
already open come on bro run a game up
right now oh it's argue yeah
exactly I thought so Sam I hope to see I
would have played here Ryan I got a book
for you real place where plays grandpa
with that really go watch me gonna turn
to the side I need to see what it says
yo DJ come read this had it for you keep
comment swim fast but you can't learn
will it help me please it will help you
grow and even an accessory for you a
custom floaty watermelon yeah hit it
okay guys I just wanted this little
black kid dinky selling chocolate bars I
don't know how much they are but I
remember being young you doing stuff
like this and I looked at the last time
I have like 5 bucks and change I'm going
to ask how expensive these bars on and
give them it to for free odd how much I
was talking about for 4 bucks I don't
want you using this is for you oh yeah I
think you healthy I think you ever guys
guys just take it cuz the sooner you
take it the sooner I get to go home real
dude I wish I could have bought 10 but I
think sorry bro
this is it we'll see happy birthday I
got a new toy cake boy look at it ok
he's not interested he'll chew it
eventually we're gonna play fetch with
this clay you're what years old
ah happy birthday actually got your
treat come here old communal tell y'all
what do you want
let's get your tree ready come in so
spoiled on it whoopee whoopee
oh come on eat up wolf yup movie movie
does not like the treat okay I'm cheese
honey he's too interested in having
attention right now
so put that there you can eat that later
it's okay we'll
birthday boys back
let's get on good boy whoopee you're so
old well be years old you're so old
complete come here I know it's hard in
this house
happy birthday buddy now eat your cookie
you want another you're calm down yeah
anything like it I'm just gonna leave it
on the ground okay buddy sorry guys you
know it's a beautiful day when you come
outside just to watch a baseball game
when you don't even like baseball like
so we got some guys on the field pitch
doing in a mix-up I'm late I'm late
okay chill chill chill chill hopefully
we can see a homerun going on over here
we get bored of this venue right now but
uh let's just see if we got a homerun
coming at us let's see what this guy's
got and pitch it Oh
ball ball ball hold hold okay guys
hopefully we get one in the next one
pictures thinking and a pitch in the
swing right quick oh man that's uh what
is that I thought that's good
Oh God catch catch catch odds I don't
know anything about baseball but you
know we coach on you good a game by
really aim boys good game boys I felt
like an Indian diet good game boy yes
swing pitch this day it's a what are you
saying the hell field in here the
amateur league baseball maybe getting
you I play center field on a giant guy
25 right now is literally sitting in the
middle of a field he's never getting the
ball to because no one's hitting that
part right now you're out of this price
you get a home run people can hit that
bar no baseball for sure oh yeah all
right one more come on so we get a pitch
pitch pitch and oh the guy's stealing a
base look at number nine
he's doing baby oh he ran back your hand
back your hand back
number hard to walk that's a walk I was
just all I'm saying is coach put me on
dog I've been waiting all day
I can play baseball because I know I
could catch a baseball and I mean I feel
like I could catch it over number-25 in
the LCS oh my that's for sure or even
put me on as a pitcher or put me onto
the outfielder for the base runner the
name five positions in baseball that
right field first mate secondly here
we're good okay we're just going to name
basis
umpire first one to please those divas
over category guys it was literally so
beautiful outside all day today and now
it's not beautiful I believe that what
well you can literally see the cloud
approaching and turning dark this is
what it looked like all day and this is
what it's the man she tells you not to
worry about it's orange on this side
beautiful clouds I just went on Twitter
and apparently there's a tornado warning
in Ottawa so like yes can you hear me
yes okay so this just in guys literally
there is a tornado coming to Ottawa
right now it's about to pour tornado
coming in three minutes if we live I
will let you guys know but in that
meantime the ladies kind of bless come
they locked me out of the door they
locked me out of the door hahahahaha
lock me on the door ha ha ha I like the
rain thunder juice of thunder now I
don't want to come I see you're a tureen
I read the rain I don't want to come in
I don't care right wins alright guys so
whoa
ok if David's warming the Big Mac up
basically if you guys didn't know well
you know because you watch the vlog
today's my my baby my baby's Wolfie
juniors first birthday so while I was at
the pet stars like yo I'm going to buy
some stars treats and try them because
if you guys are loyal wolf Sam you know
one of my like old videos on my main
channel is like eating pet food and that
just brought me back to those days so I
bought this like bone I don't know
what's in it and I also bought a dog
here I also bought a Big Mac because
that's human food so today we're doing
dog for dog food versus human food the
way it's gonna work is everybody's gonna
try and not just me because ever
everyone Kenny shadows Oh everyone's
getting shown up I don't even get shown
up before you do it dude oh gosh what
size bar go BJ on the screen right here
chatting DJ's on the screen is a parity
place on the screen right here
Ryan please so elsewh is okay he's on
the screen right here so david has a Big
Mac is this classic Big Mac from
McDonald's go ahead smell this
Michael I'm not him but Wolfie likes it
so guys take the you can get you you
take the Jewish would first get your
fresh Big Mac thumbnail paste and David
Perry means there you go mmm great
alright I'll take the dog bring it head
tongue Yauch I'll jump over in it cuz I
actually have to everyone after two good
cause okay you know where all the Big
Mac I'll be my wit sriracha - I'm like
okay
mmm that's good go ahead eyeball oh all
right here you go
come on a Big Mac come on a Big Mac you
see next because they're just little
different one doctor for ya your dad
won't be mad
yeah yeah why not trust me so right your
big marks go ragged Merc the entire
thing mmm okay so that's the Big Mac fun
part have done okay okay now wait the
dog you know my dog years ago you're
going with it and go here guys check it
out you got lamb here so lambier you can
see there's something growing here that
just cartilage on the inside a fat
disgusting this but my dog permit so I'm
not even gonna waste your time I'll it
no it's not bad it's not bad
I'm a textured guy pastas fine
realistically it's just like it here
well I know any of that you will say
well no we did bathroom yeah back in the
day
cat food the fish food with bottom
please a repair the cottages hey they're
all in the Big Mac oh oh that's kind of
in the bigger as my goodness it's not
bad though the video only ate the
feeling that I should go here mmm-hmm no
here ball goes up next you got the shot
off threes with no backing out now
shut up beneath the vision right I love
this one I'm not this one I'm not cared
for but this is the one that I am scared
for this one is grainy
oh my god that sound effects
okay that's good that's good that's good
open to the more than that that's all
and Ryan's ways up for that sounded just
honest
let's go here by the way so on that note
we're going into it I'll try that man
Julian didn't even try this one yeah I
try this one but you didn't try to send
it I'll translate your wonder was your
boyish nothing
whoa get that away from me let me just
try lately let me try the born three
through one much like one wolf am I love
you ah he's of grainy texture
mmm each I better go okay oh yeah oh
yeah
no it's kinda like row row row nose
Jamaican crappy obviously no no ma
making cartridge just be less like I
mean it's not good but it's like job is
better years well it brought about to
swallow
give me another bite you know it's not
like at all
honestly I'm telling a bright pocket if
you you'll be really spread it's like a
firecracker it's actually get exact you
guys didn't want to chew it it tastes
like you know a chocolate roll alright
yeah I say you know anymore it's like oh
I'm sorry my mom knows our crackers are
talking about a my dad too but anyways I
would attend
probably big much better but dog food
you know back so try it out go to your
home store buy strategize because they
try to go with me now let's go on this
tornado
guys before NATO is crazy I don't you
hear me literally being Reiner and guys
probably
we try to know if you guys thought I did
dying in the tornado so just please if
you were a not along you're not alive
even if you're far away on her streets
under this Raven stay away stay away
from the tornado it will get you on a
note watch alright go there for a sec no
no no no no no I haven't played NHL in a
bit but guys just check out this goal da
da da okay David that I got a goal but
basically on this end use the Penguins
and I'm still beating his ball cause and
thus ends i rated way worse in this game
but you know tens one hour walk senators
last night 5 1 so curry represent a goal
the score is another business shame
David didn't let it get to 5 1 but just
know look at this bridge wait pull the
goalie 3-1 here don't ever play yourself
don't forget about the 6 iPhone giveaway
there is going to be a link to it in the
description I keep reminding you guys I
don't want you to miss out it's a huge
given 6 iPhone 7 all you got to do is
just follow that hello to me on
everything and be super active by active
I mean liking all my stuff I'm crying
because my house you're acting up not
become emotional over this giveaway even
though to be getting emotional over this
giveaway but yeah all you got to do is
follow your boy and pretty much
everything be super active follow Dustin
on everything be super active and I
think it ends in a few weeks so you see
so you guys still got lots of time if
you haven't done it here you see the
iPhones on the back if you don't see
them thing check that arrow a red arrow
to the iPhones the iPhones are there
they're waiting for the loyal wolf am to
come pick them up just like I'm picking
up these puppies right now we're
bringing the pups on Jesus just packages
just keep coming to me why I can't I fix
you public
packages I'm coming I gather tomorrow at
this point literally the life of a
youtuber is just rich repeat rinse
repeat but time to go get your sprinkle
dogs home where they can relax right
right so guys the AC in the house is so
bad that we have to have the screen door
open for the whole night locked and
loaded to the dark can't sneak out this
door completely has to be at the side
I don't know what is going on with the
AC right now but it is so hot that like
literally I try to avoid my house
as much as possible today this needs to
get sorted out ASAP hopefully if the
boys end up getting a different house
their ACS lit because the summer at
their house if the a/c is lit is going
to be a fad if it's not working here for
some reason it's our to here but yeah
pretty much sums it up for me today I'm
spending the rest of the night with
wolfy jr. as you guys can see sniffing
his new toy he doesn't quite know if he
wants it but I mean he's experimenting
whoopee whoopee I ate one of your pig
ears today yeah eat it good boy he's
like yeah good job does so you guys
already know what it is go down and
smash that like button you already know
I'm like God I want minimum 35,000 like
on this vlog for no reason other than
princess cute okay princess cute all
that no comment down below again I'm
gonna say Christmas Cuba don't cover
that you don't get that today sorry
birthday well you are cute comment down
below again happy birthday will be
Junior I want to see every single
comment being like that because now he's
a one-year-old so he's a big boy now
like I said he reads all the comments so
Harry after comment that and I would see
you guys soon all over where we stay a
little bit more savage in my main
channel and as OH
