I know what future where we'll be
welcome back to more Wolfie today I got
pretty much a very special challenge for
you guys I did this a few days ago you
guys really liked it
okay I got a billion like so if you
could go down to the like button on this
video we can hit 50,000 you'll play
again because you guys seem to play
along in the comments section it's a
great fun today I got DJ over here what
you already know Jesus design I got
Brian three they can call themselves a
Shinjuku Leon JB I'm Jason Achille
applause I perform these three more
behind the camera I am asked in the vlog
because I don't know okay love you I
love you guys Cyrano breaks watch it you
throw on if you watch it yeah how the
actors but no dislocate and then we got
just does that I mean yeah I miss to do
and I got it director Chen or not to the
table all right I'm just gonna chill
your ass okay now back up you know how
this video works there's going to be a
bunch of pictures of people that don't
look their age and then these guys are
gonna have to get their age I know their
age because I have a list I think
circuit I wish I could play along if you
start cutting me off you have left up to
me shut up Oh so without further ado go
ahead Wow I really think you're one of
my greatest friends and I like walking
come on really with it keep talking bro
we need to lengthen this video ok I'm
going down to be good at this they're
all right you play like that right after
that okay so feel free to play along
like I said it start I want you guys to
tell me how many out of Katies 8680 ever
going to try and speed through them but
without further ado guess along let me
know how you do smash like button again
first one up is right here my knees all
Americans I like you're not American
some like Chinese supposed to get you to
give me pennies in a bitch actually just
three all right from so like China oh
you shout out here
are talking stein i 20:29 maritime
cleaning their way I'm gonna be moving
older then I could be under little I'm
gonna say ain't no mama me give your
name name is oh come on hold it in your
butt yeah yeah oh like a ple the hell
y'all now tonight you're saying that you
love me yeah yellow heat like out yeah I
know some young girls would say 17 I'm
gonna hop a to now she's going on 19
yeah okay 17 18 and 6 20 k let's add
those ages together 17 plus 18 plus 20
equals 55 okay
she's 53 no I know was older I was older
to dream nothing not Elle Macpherson so
you're like where are my life you'll
talk about your career
I wish you'd been younger can I get a
everyone did add up not range no Lucy
okay so it's like I'm 53 years old what
I know none of you guys at home like
that
oh but this is how today's gonna be
grandma husband tested LDL on google
your channel look at me I said II lld ma
ma yo Google L for me real quick
equipex irritation hook it up that strip
look up H is Ella 53 Australians do not
age she is Australian and she is very
good-looking for 53 here if you look
looking next item that read is that the
city might view they won 13 13 I will
say are none of them regulated they're
all no no that's right here the active
ecologist is method I think you guys
know like there's like here
over 30 on the yeah hamsa okay she don't
say 18 I'll be serious if she's I get a
name for her though I didn't get a name
for her kid
I'm gonna say she looks like a chest her
eye shadow and she does with my eye
shadow kind of looking like she had she
had some yeah she don't just you doing
with eye shadow so I'm gonna say 21 21
oh wait oh no chanting last night
battleguard yeah that's young girl chick
oh yeah yeah that's not young girl wait
look at the nails
she's Lily okay I'll go into the nail
down Landrum young girl okay I'm doing
and then I got my garage bro that young
Mako ages I don't care 13 or the elastic
their DNA
13:18 with you young girl 16 Brooke
you're much disguised or anything to me
kinky mech no no - OH - Kristen you're
not in Mexico anymore
I'm Lavazza Ramos powers out 18:13 it
with me max black bless your in 1715
yards oh it looks like a 15 euro chip
yeah it's just like when I put you on
the spot silico harder if you know he's
already at Lourdes you don't get a solo
in the hut yours yeah how do you know
sometimes your enemy because I do
what's it stop googling the answers on
day 28
no Reggie a lot notice to drink she's
not the no she's not she's 41
look at the road you'll respect real
music directly went out here good geez
we're going to 20 loads my big picture
with what she is 17 but she's going to
know so he might yeah no more look but
she is a very very talented girl III
really rate Lord you know I love I love
her music dad is like that Coachella
next could you maybe today is that
Rich's mom oh it's all right address
from how we got toward yes that's like a
mannequin cannot be absolutely
I'll give you your name which is I meant
has her name is Leo helpful so it is um
what to ethnicity she checked that's any
time against each other attorneys okay
okay you know what she's older she's
older look at those who utterly emeralds
and shin Jen's and sorry to align
canvases some girl does not own aqua
well is that great in I glad hair one
way off the top please thirty forty
eight for nothing forty four thirty
forty eight cigarettes are gonna go that
project you guys have boosting heart she
could be twenty know she's drinking wine
chest yeah a little down here look like
right look at that hairstyle
yeah okay okay she's not at her age
she's a team she's a 5017 know what
Georgia no Jared I have something about
Jo he 6262 know Lou Jean Queen can you
go over no time she's 62 what are these
red ones in agent don't you I really
this guy I can't see you
you wanna Pelle make you own you can't
do it what's up L to you either
ally ally irritable and you know I do
tell are you 62 362 next here bull bleep
okay because you look old and this is
part of the games like manga and younger
yeah can't believe she's like that like
that outfit that's not young though
that's not a young girl outfit that's
what trying to be old there okay yes
maybe but where she actually mo look at
that look at that cheekbone shadow look
at that highlight well she's doing 17
lipsticks on point 17 forgotten how I
start the game off
the subway Agustin okay are useful and
Dyson they're like beautiful Chinese not
comonomers lives and some of them are
different like because that's a soccer
to Kayla she's alright pressures on five
yeah why ii three okay I'm gonna give
her a regular 21 2016 16 track
oh that's getting close to 17 16 so this
is the next one let's see what you guys
get Wow so judging from the outfit of
wait are we done in the front
um whatever letting me front what you
tryin tries to be emotionally in front
of the never works the ones immersive
the most closest to camera oh yeah valid
and I talk about something okay well I'm
sure I didn't tell you is the stadium
Jessie I gotta charge by your friend cuz
they probably are same ages two hands
together she is 21
oh that's a good one that is a good way
yes it looks like they're going out
together why why do you say it looks
like they're going out what is it if I
would have to do with their because I
can tell it's Saturday that boy yeah the
ladies a lie but if it was me aren't you
look at the pictures what do those legs
say in the background probably a picture
very South a picture of their celebs
right only girls do
alright good fun I'm going to save
anyone just cuz he's under what oh god
not sure yet yeah okay my I trust my
friend and really close colleague and I
mistake there you a mother
okay okay look it they are sir teen no
no no 30 but so technically if it
backwards if you get right Jessica broad
I can don't you stay out of break then
yes okay I said I said there's Joe Jonas
on the wall and you guys are like kids
or you want to catch you hook 1100 help
myself you
next up that's where are you okay this
one is I just need to get the age here
we go
I didn't get a name for this one geez
wonder why she liked that on the walls
children this is a really hard really
hard game at home I would be stressing
she's a model of month
yeah I'll change trying to be as if
she's not okay so that means she has to
be over the age of like like how well
can you be I don't know my brother's
modeling years about you cuz uh-huh but
not like that
minimum 13 so I'm gonna get is 88 soon
2020 come on come on I'm gonna quickly
honey honey ah
16:15 yes ah over kinky you're only
going under over that next how old
ah sorry her name is people have a game
I gives me of me 29 Jessica Lynne if I
parenting was rooted you'd know she goes
like app again it really draws days and
Arizona gay oh you're right what's your
name okay I'm gonna get Jessica oh that
could be 29 her eyebrows are pretty nice
Sheila 1429 I'll get all the different
spectrums 20 you don't get your eyes
daughter 14 13 cake she's 18
oh man we're sinking right yeah thing
you too deep you are CB CD business be
drowned all right as soon as I go you
have five seconds each here Omar Omar is
23 35 don't worry buddy Google I recall
the bottoms my friend and I know Ben
he's 25
I got this a soccer player 35 Wow it's
okay Adrianza
do you know ETA t holy it does look like
a I told you K what athlete is 1835 Oh
dirty sock as you know sir
one thing if you take I'm gonna say
24:28 Oh Diego Konica X is your dad how
is the egg Acosta
well like I looks like he's like 40 how
old is he 35 28 years old and I'm a miss
you here we go next
you mean zooming and zooming it's okay
pretty to think if anybody gets this age
right on the actual age I will give you
40 dollars in cash he'll are no $40 you
cash $40 you know that no I can't do it
where's that okay good no showing it oh
yeah I'm going with it exactly had all
discover I did good movie I did every
other doctor baby might be a coach I he
might be a coach wearing wearing daily
so bro bro this could be a glitch like
you 20 but it can also be a glitch like
he's 68 you know anybody could be just
anyone look I'll give you a thing get ya
well Joseph Joseph what not I said go
sister go Joseph Joseph you know what
any broken hand you say it once
ahee ahee plates greatly he's our 21 go
ahead that's it that's your final answer
life yeah alright smacking aah
41 41 he does look fuck it all he does
I'm gonna go with $23.99 nice connector
i'ma go with me looking at you looking
at you okay / - 43 cable he's 20 oh I
fell exactly supposed to notice Manila
this man is 20 from the side you know at
least 97 - bad dog okay I'm hotter today
yeah you're no God
yes dollars $45 when she looks like when
he was like 10 he had a beard you know I
didn't have it it wouldn't work Shaq
good discard minimum looks 45 min
demands payment coaching backs up okay
snapchat ghost air dog show there is
three 100% 14 14 14 11 do you actually
know what he works and also this for
everybody okay we destroy her and you on
unless a dozen to 721 sentences but 1714
money gonna put some 27 jean jackets
sure 15 he's 13
oh the dog filter out gage wrote my
dad's age of clothes she definitely
would look younger without the dog
filter next up oh oh but give your name
this could add to it next guy guys God
you name change when it Ames popular mm
but yeah 16
what yep armed go cheese fish teen I'm
gonna say a 15 point 4 go 24 - okay see
15 oh my god oh my god she looks older
go buddy
I'll give her that shit and that's how
all this it means your help is yeah yeah
Mariya that's like you go to your
friend's house and that's a younger
sister and you're like how Jeff you
should I continue like what yeah this is
like yeah 15 I would just leave it on
video like relationship this wall yeah
I'll swing by 800 she is older than 9
years in broke your enemies down the
coast baby doesn't for whoa whoa you've
done it okay honestly I'm gonna take
seven oh my god let me say six seventeen
seventeen seventeen yeah because shit I
live with your Mac okay could be a cry I
mean PDMP diesel my cat had eight is
seventeen what's eatin ya let's go
that's a bang you kill and I know
already night at 7:30 or you don't looks
empty night if you want to go to the
game with all my stuff looks like my
high-efficient don't don't do nice
okay next up it's called Apple I gotta
give you a name by the way the name
there's like a couple more this girl's
name is Jessica as well so that
literally
okay you are nineteen sister no whoa
nineteen rape you you are no teams
this could be for some like Carlton
unity okay oh yeah shoes youth out there
into the kitchen under longer your full
money so they didn't block teams you
answered them a method a lot of last
issue 70s the oven AG 32 several 13 or
18 steps be 39 18 1 through 80 and she's
yes goal you could choose all three okay
pick tomatoes into brush she looks like
she's not like a pep rally okay I'm in
here yeah those I got oligo in the state
how about house big on little penguin
here we go next up to leave here they're
looking tried to me myself okay I'm a
little role and his name
I just put mantra him yeah one no need a
daddy looking for any doctor to breeze
grazing meeting good Longhorn Iseman so
how are you oh dear 16:17 how old is
this month 17 17 Oh God
oh he's young he's young how he's 15
he's 18 Boris is 14 how do you guessing
these ages give us a cue playback she's
not going to relate puberty so let's see
we're going to give 17 keys ring no idea
he's 13 Oh 13
come on junior to you about me not logic
70 older no you guys look going any does
look cool doing it without photo is
cheesy yeah you should have another
hundred this is like us to be guys
next up DJ show this DJ can I guess if I
actually forgot to pay zooming zooming
here gross you wonder why so careful
something I was gonna point three this
time any time she was 33 profile yeah
good 15
my goodness broke a gesture all the
father is like a bastard only right if
she if she is under the age of 16 homie
hit by 25 spending too much money for
che in the honey bun
music I'll be back as you said too much
anytime you can can you can't listen to
particular know you're going through a
lot fun about once Imperial humors do
over six okay god it's really honestly
she's having been there what you get
aids from dead right here she's seven a
sheet over six she's not going to be
regular age desolate even me like I want
say 11-11-11 brilliant God you've got I
wouldn't say she's seven back to
eight-year-old k55 okay the plate she
your life
can't you GA let you guys guess at home
cuz she said oh think when you've got
where you keep going on
and a lot won this one it's very hard
okay let me just make sure of eh okay if
anyone gets it no prize but your mod
Here I am now looks like Madison
it looks like Madison beer though this
is a hard to tell but we sold it well is
it because why is she drinking that much
water in part not to the beach
regulatory girls 18 - you are not
allowed to drink that much more right
fine I will do energy how old is she 13
18 to do what you think ah I know I want
to get someone to go get 5 please
yeah that's right I'm not counting down
let's put 19 mm okay I said 16 I think
I'm getting a 19 final age and there you
12 no no I will I don't believe I
disclose well no chance in hell why do
you look well okay so G 15 actually oh
my god he actually is 16
how do you get a name I don't know if
she's 15 but this is what you guys told
me so I trust my love them Christine is
our clover swamp that is getting their
age girls and guys mainly girls
available there part 2 I hope you guys
enjoyed if you want / 3 smash that like
button 50,000 likes we will do far show
this to my voice there links will be in
the description youtube.com / DJ ryan's
ways more dusting please like I know I
did um go check out their channels as
soon as you're done this video spam them
and spend their comments with how old
you think they are
oh I like that how come even here I am
how do you think I am I'm not well
I'm 17 great shot I can't tell you
anything else tag me and comment down
below other girls are other guys names
who we should use for the part 3 because
I know you guys are going to kill the
like button and we will use them and
shut you out anyway again I'll see you
guys soon on more will be released a
little more savvy to my major and I'm
sorry - I know
