good morning a your what pizza boy will
be welcome back to more Wolfie where I
am with whoa sweet comma boy Wolfie with
me Prince on the other side Sylvia's
left to go get breakfast with a friend
but that's not like button if you guys
are excited about today's vlog let's see
how many likes we can get in five
seconds I'm gonna start the timer right
now the rules are you have to use either
your forehead like last time your elbow
or your nose to hit the like button so
five four three two one
I hope everyone's watching like but
anyways it's Mother's Day today shout
out to all the hard-working wonderful
mothers out there today I would be
sending like pretty much the whole day
with my mom yeah we don't have anything
planned but I know she wants to just go
look at houses my mom for some reason is
upset with houses she's always watching
real estate shows she's always looking
at houses in the neighborhood even if
she doesn't even want to bite she just
enjoys just like I enjoy making videos
she enjoys going out and looking at
houses so that's what we're going to do
today probably going to go get some
dinner with her later as well I want you
guys to do me a quick favor I want you
guys to go up to your mama and tell them
Wolfie says happy mother's base and I
want you to record their reaction send
it to me on my Twitter at little P rap
because I feel like that's gonna be mad
funny because a lot of parents aren't
even going to know who I am so the
reactions probably gonna be priceless so
do that for me plus I'm telling them
happy Mother's Day so it's going to be a
good day anyways I checked the weather
outside today and I'm not gonna lie
yesterday I was just like amped for some
reason to wear like a specific outfit I
thought it was going to be really hot
outside because it was hot yesterday
outside but I looked at the weather last
night and it is supposed to be raining
all day pretty much drizzling all day
not nice weather definitely weather
where I need to wear a coat so I was
just like yo I could wear a coat or I
could be different because you guys know
me I'm Wolfie I'm different I'm hipster
as they would say I don't listen to the
rules whatever the regular people are
doing I don't like to do so I was just
like nah I'm wearing a tank top I'm
wearing shorts and what are the shoes if
you had to guess cover tumble oh then
you should not be wearing today I'll
give you guys like two seconds to guess
it okay you're wrong it's the cream
white Yeezys I have not worn these yet
they literally still have the tag on
them they still have stuff inside of
them I need to take out definitely not
definitely not a shooter definitely not
a shooter
post aware when it's like raining when
it's raining and ugly outside but we
don't listen to the rule for throwing on
the easies ready dog are you ready
you're ready to print you're ready you
always look scared Prince start shaking
I love you guys
let's Jenny look how excited these dogs
are to go to my mom's right now you're
so excited it's so exciting
you know it's what a day because they
get me and I mean Kate go nuts locked go
go go go we are wait we gotta wait for
the doorbell buddy come boy well if he
gets so amped
every time watch this wolfy 3 2 1 go oh
they're talking good boy you see the cat
chatting away this was October great 1 &
2 flying on clear done here we'll watch
out watch out watch out yeah watch I'll
watch Oh dad you're everyone chill chill
chill
ok Joe pull my kick with my dad you
stepped on my easy target my laser
engraving hammer
yeah go ahead step on my easy so I can
use it as a thumbnail ah that's what my
new $3,000 e ok because it ha
damn Tim bro dogs are going on well I
smell Jamaican food hold up hold up hold
up
see these are called dumplings guys
these are basically just pure bread
they're really good but it's all fat but
diet will see that so this is aa Pam
flower
start studs counting cards right now but
that's good so they're just coming so
you got me a copy and it should be here
I come to my mom's us and this is what
is playing on the computer screen guys
I'm telling you it's non-stop this
random houses and random locations take
what even is this
there's addictions and then there's
jokes and then there's being shopping
for houses and tricking stuff like
spring
okay just absolutely you look at me is
like it is like anyways we're just
waiting on Silvia to get to the house
and then we're probably going to be
literally outside all day and I already
regret wearing these shoes because it is
look so ugly outside right now hey hey
alright guys so we are driving right now
Mother's Day it is mother say don't do
that because it's wet Mother's Day on
your birthday Charles I'm not going to
get a pilot story birthing yeah I don't
you're gonna threaten you just be in the
car
I didn't say let's go Charles behave
yourself
guys need to do that one no he's
learning already better to me you start
reading you are doing this anyway that's
your option to slow the press location
gonna go check out some stuff I'll bring
you guys along they're at
yourself I don't know where we were just
taking but like look at this friggin
house what the heck is this so next stop
guys this is where my mom has us coming
out to I don't know what we're doing
here
but I don't see any houses I don't see
any neighborhood around here we are in
the middle of the woods so I don't know
how they just rip down these trees and
then build houses out here but I'm sure
by 2020 there's going to be no trees
here anymore and it's just going to be
full of houses which is not good global
warming and know that you know the save
the environment
right sorry holy guys I don't know why
tell me why this house has a moat what
alligators are down in that crevice down
there and these guys have a bridge going
into their house with a full-on moat
this is what it's out house browsing
with my mom guys okay guys the first
time turn left I'm letting my dad drive
my car but because I'm literally trying
to text and like GPS a thousand
different places right now because we
are on a hunt just looking around it's a
really nice day it actually cleared up
so the easies I find guys but you don't
crash mycoses guys we found a house so
friggin massive you have no idea that
they have their own truck their race
race car drivers that they can have
their own race cars in you have two
trucks in the back you have your own
parking lot your house you have your own
parking lot and just look at how big
this frigate houses why do people ever
need to buy something like this this
house needs to frigging Jill more than
one three Roger it's a circle you know
you could go it's on a circle I don't
never get that I'm like I'm better
guys I'm never moving I'm never moving
this is bigoted hilarious he doesn't
it's always nice guys to just look at
these houses to just humble yourself so
mom your other son just showed up around
the other way this guy my brother is
here and now we're we're still looking
we're still looking guys it just started
to rain but we're still looking till bro
bro is here so now we are on route to
another place literally like god damn
this is crazy
they're you sure you don't want some
crusty bread for your crusty feet will
be tsunami goes rusty crap body
you know what I'll grab this only
because it's a dollar fifty for no
reason guys treat yourself buy yourself
some crusty bread here the goal of today
is trashy Trinidadian get this Jamaican
lady giving out free samples to get me
to Jamaican of course it's jerk chicken
here here being straight goddamn I had
to cut the onion where we have a jerk
she's gonna diet any data
no to make you want to know to hate you
and if adopted we know I'm ready to eat
she has a music playing did March is mod
let's get it cuz I'm party and you can't
make it kind of like it there that sure
how to move your service you're making
wine
here to give me them
so guys we're out here at the grocery
store were shopping for burger supplies
my mom want to have burgers for Mother's
Day
Ryan is learning how to dance look at it
it's a dancing lesson right now she's
moving your legs
it's just solid free simple and this is
what we have today where's the girl this
is the what the barbecue sauce is just
where Meghan want to go wait I've been
there loke been wreaking son I don't
know what you're doing right now once
you teach you about these guys we got
this Trinidadian food security food
taste test on the chicken we're going to
see what it's like with extra Montego
Bay stock so good
however it's good I pull him okay guys
so that jerk chicken was amazing like
great great chicken it was a little
spicy but one thing about it okay you
know I said I wasn't gonna get the white
easy dirty tell me how I just got a
stain on them staining what you do the
first day I wore them but you know I'm
friggin livid I live it well where else
a guy so I came home got a cloth
hopefully we can get this day know we're
just going to go with the rubbing
technique and honestly it is kind of
hoping I use baby wipes in the cart but
your boy needs tide to go so we might
have to go to a gas station just now
we're probably gonna have to go to
another gas station that sells it Ryan
tried one we're gonna do the push
technique that soaks it all up when I
say jab your shoes are beat using paper
push down with the soap twist and pull
guys when it's not perfect you see
everyone's going to be like oh the easy
okay
they're already clean it was out here
not a real beauty guys everyone's not to
like what incluye
I told you guys this morning I didn't
care about getting a messy but like jerk
chicken really is our to do it
so this Jiggs eat I know all the friggin
sneaker has a
not arguably - ooh what are you carry
this mic oh okay so the theme we're
going to gas station so guys we're
having the burgers for Mother's Day I
could not find tide to go from the store
so using there oh I got tied to go
mighty boy easy so now guys we don't
know what we're doing Ryan left because
right had to go uploaded video sylvia's
up everyone's uploading on mother's day
it's just youtube's just life right now
I'm gonna eat this and I'll see you guys
in a sec oh geez so right now my family
is inside watching some comedy they're
watching some louis c.k but i actually
watched Louis CK's stand-up the one that
he's doing right now when we were on the
flight back from LA so your boy has
already seen it is probably the first
time I've been ahead of my family and
like watching stand-up comedians because
usually they're way ahead of me to that
stuff and then I come when I have time
to watch it so instead of doing that I
thought why not you know I haven't done
magic Wolfie in a while I'm about to try
something DIY magic wolfies about to
come out I don't know if it's going to
work because I saw it online like
earlier today and I was kind of like
mind blown because I don't really
understand how science works my
daughters try to explain it but I don't
care about the science behind it I just
want to try it so what if I told you
that I could steal a ziploc bag and this
is like the regular little Ziploc bags
guys these are the 40 sandwich bags I'm
sure you guys know these to get
sandwiches you go to school with these
things you can fill that bag with water
look just like this any water doesn't
need to be hot or cold and then you can
stick a pencil or a pencil crayon I
think it works with both not 100% sure
but I guess we'll right now unless you
start sleeping on me but you could poke
it through one side it'll come out the
other side and as long as you poke it in
without wiggling it too much absolutely
no water is going to leak out of this so
let's just make sure the bag is fully
closed right there this is legit water
guys you can see it wiggling under put
that down I also went to the store and I
picked up the XL sandwich bag the 30
sandwiches right there these ones are a
little bit bigger so I also filled up
this one with water so just a size
comparison check this out this one is a
little bit longer than this probably
about 1 and 3/4 of the size I also just
sort of picked up a bunch of pencils
haven't picked up pencils in a bit
because your boy doesn't write anything
down anymore I use my phone for notes
and then I use figure in my laptop for
the rest of that dick stencils I used
any more pens maybe the pencils not I
also got a pencil sharpener
sharpen the pencil to make sure it's
nice and sharp we're gonna have to
sharpen a bunch of them let's see if I
even remember how to use one of these
things what like this oh my god
imma frickin trading pencil sharpeners
in class because sometimes my own ax be
like jammed and it wouldn't work and
then the person another person right
next to me had like a lip pencil
sharpener so I'd always trade it but
let's see how sharp we can get this bad
boy oh my god the hiccups no burgers got
to me that is very very friggin
satisfying sharpening pencils is
underrated carpet that - hello
there's not enough pencils i just
forgetting sharpened pencils all day to
be honest this is just like super
satisfying when you have a nice pencil
sharpener so before i sharpen the rest
we're gonna go with a small bag and we
are going to try this out let's see if
we can poke it in with no leakage poked
okay no leakage absolutely no leakage so
we're just going to poke it straight
through oh oh oh
you guys see this right now do you guys
see this right now why is this the most
lit thing in the world check that out
from the side angle absolutely no water
no water is leaking but you don't just
do one pencil you can do multiple
pencils so we're about to go off if this
doesn't leak when I put it down please
please only please only probably Oh God
it's resting on the ground it's not in
the best position right now but it isn't
leaking so that's good
anyway I'm going to sharp him probably
like 10 pencils and then we're gonna get
back to this okay so I've officially
sharpened like a nice amount like an
army of pencils here guys I got bear
pencils they are super sharp they could
stop through anything right now I
honestly I take back what I said about
sharpening pencils being very satisfying
because after you sharpen like ten your
hand gets sore so I take that back but
we're gonna lift this bag up hasn't
really leaked at all we are going to put
another one through in a completely
different angle I'm gonna go right here
oh this is lit this is lit no leaking
straight out straight out oh my god just
like that
literally like one tiny drip of water
but like not too much let's get one
going down coming up here the bottom oh
my god just like this is so sad of
trying to poke through because this
should be leaking what is going on right
now look at this guys coming down from
the top off Jay okay how many can we put
in here I'm gonna do two more we can do
two more in this I'm very satisfied
coming across this way Oh a little bit
of leaf on that one but it is still
holding up it's still very much holding
up that's coming from the other side
we'll start from this side and come out
at the camera check this out guys Oh
what is going on right now and just one
more at the top come on just stick with
it oh my god guys literally the same
amount of water but we have like 20
pencil sticking through look how crazy
this is I need to show Soviet oh yeah
come here let's see if Sylvia can
believe this this DIY magic look at this
I did that experiment in
so cool I'm chief movies I don't know
but it was like so fun I didn't okay
nevermind Soviets done this experiment
in school
go get Dustin Dustin seated to feel like
everyone at my house especially my dad
is like a science geek and they know
this stuff anyways let's see if that's
the nose look at this you don't you know
this works I know yeah you know I'm
cheese okay ah hey Dustin oh no I'm not
notice fun okay hold this one for a
second I'm just going to see if it works
with a big one and I'm going to go right
through the middle as fast as possible
guys if you see leakage comment down
below what the egg sir there's so many
things I feel like I should just tell
you ah no you thought it's because
through the sea whole get to this okay
guys so if they go people then it's
going to leak all the water out so that
was a flop off my part but if they're
all through separate holes just like the
one does it has it should work
oh god yeah you can do this with
anything right can do this is a sort if
you wanted to know why as long as it's
plugging the hole if this what happens
it's like a wound when you get shot with
a bow and arrow and then it just as soon
as you don't take it out you leak blood
yeah oh did I go through the same one
married oh my god one more one more
it's like Jenga um we're the pixie
sticks game or whatever you know pick up
sticks
pick up sticks pick up sticks viy so
there you guys go the world's easiest
magic trick honestly if you're addicted
to magic tricks if you're addicted to
satisfaction and if you're addicted to
water tricks all you need zip lock bag
and then pencils which I'm sure you have
this pencil sharpener was kind of
garbage but we made do with what we had
okay so let's go see on my lawn
thinks about it hey momma your asses
waiting what it is honestly I don't know
what that direction houses in water yeah
you know how it works
yeah that's hitting lead on he's making
a man does it shock you
oh no no it doesn't shock you I've seen
it but it's not my hat what what's the
math right
I don't know two seconds are dropping
mama
okay she's no fun so guys we just did
breakfast welcome back blog day - I
killed it literally I have food waiting
over there you know I can't finish it
Shawn got here late he's munching david
ah don't really know what he ate you've
not started yet literally has a full
Riggin waffle over here well I'm through
this so I saw him making me one taco
King where he is drinking ketchup out of
the straw earlier this day we're doing a
little people don't know I hate when
they do that relatable anyway DJ didn't
eat anything the garage
shoutout to Silvia so guys I thought
about instead of wasting this nice clean
a hundred percent not even touch french
toast why not donate it to someone who's
actually in need of food because cp/m
jello so we're going to give it to Ryan
and take you to sleep he always make fun
of me for sleeping weird but we'll see
how he sleeps yo Ryan can I come in I'm
coming in really doing man what this is
an absolute troll right now you couldn't
sleep so you back relax you got gear
here yes I use name I brought you
something open it open it
it's opening up an opening treat food
bro someone that actually cares because
you got free breakfast there's a french
toast yes later then oh come on what
Jimmy that's wrong okay you guys even
biting you snakes you know hey on camera
lotion by the bedside put it got a jerk
huh come to whatever side no chill chill
chill
wake up wake up so guys we're about to
play some spicy ball you already know we
played it on David's channel a couple
baja couple days ago some thought and
people are talking mad right now so
I'm going to come in hot and I'm going
to show you guys how to play spike ball
Ash Ketchum licking and let's get it go
guys my outfit today playing spike ball
got the nice jewels on all the Rings the
watch and probably
have to take them off david para lace
whatever that one's called maybe david
parodies plays parodies please you
probably see a bit on my channel i got
my glasses in my pocket the hats on I'm
feelin fresh nice and nimble look at
this high knees high knees um it's
really nice out today it's a little bit
windy so I don't know how the game's
going to go down but just know that
Leopard whoever asked me on your team
it's an automatic wind as long as you're
with King Wolfie let's go guys I can't
remember the last time I flew a kite
but whoever spline this kite is going
off right now
jeez let's see if I can find them see if
I can find them on the camera come on
Rose who's flying that kite room I think
I found them not hi girls just carrying
a kid I locked up so we're looking for a
nice flat surface we found it the ball
is right over there
I'm playing in my black Yeezys today
hopefully they bless you some good luck
guys wearing Easy's on wet grass already
set it up boys hurry up I got six
months-one this is war Wolfie it's like
two or three you get out here to fight
something how do you know they just fly
hurry up boy I got six
now that you guys have seen the worst
little setting up my clothes shot cuz I
took the worst shot here we go
so guys that's what a clean easy looks
like I already messed up I'm having
really bad luck right now these two days
oh my god I should have died for it so
here's what if you live and you learn
basically I'm barefoot now I took off
the socks I'm going all out for this
game I'm going to show you guys when I
cover next so this is where the little
net is guys right here basically it's
just like volleyball you can hit it and
then the other team has two touches and
then they have to hit the net again just
like that Ryan hit it it flew this way
so that's a point for them let me get in
this game Tom David me and Charlie hey
Willie ball nope whoa when he's doing
this big area pick a sofa so far it's
going pretty well
I'm sorry it's not all the timing anyway
oh yeah yes crazy oh jeez it does it
makes it yeah
yeah conditioning go
don't you love that is cuvee bike on a
people always like he did
Oh yep Oh face it
103 3 & 4 on your head off
yeah nice yeah yeah
were three game point oh you gotta lead
us Magic Garden is with you lately
no way all right get it winter games
yes hello hello longer games our tango
with you goodness - quick my second
m-m-magical I waited you see the big so
guys we're doing a rematch against Shawn
and Johnny and right o1o and I'll be
after if I hit my turf to a market okay
guys no I would be jay-z Maya Angelou
ready
yeah oh don't get me on alone
oh you're right oh-oh-oh
Mason yo no no we should find research
for the heart sir
yes yeah Oh No yes I did a win pretty
cool oh okay oh Jesus
come on guys that's it we're done with
the spiked ball for the day we played
way too long probably an hour and half
so good good exercise magically my purse
there juicy all right we're having a
guessing game first one to get where
this picture is from wins okay ready you
have to guess what show this pictures
from three two one
animus I'm scared of hairless bear is
been shopping for video supplies to be
like this these are the most mods
beakers for bass in the game KRK
kissimmee slapping the bass oh this is
possible this is modern
I think I just got to start stocking so
they have a new handshake they want to
show the vlog yeah if you do that I'm
not your friend either
no joke Kato to the 10 here hold it
lieutenant
yeah guys I haven't told you this but
I'm actually world-renowned DJ no DJ
here what but I gave it up yesterday
let's go out a month ago so what is it
sugarless what are you for living are
you ready
I told you guys what I feel a very
beautiful soft impression no it's off to
sponge winch oh oh you guys to resolve a
job
alright guys y know today was like a
long kind of vlog a little too together
thank you so much for watching to the
end if we can smash 29 not scratch at 40
dogs not over oh time no comment down
hot dog you made it this far in the
video it's not over and let's smash
40,000 likes before the video and so
before the video ends smash that like
button and we could do this world fab
got Ryan with me we just finished up at
chips and dairy or one of our favorite
spots I taught him how to drive we got
my man David back here
okay David Mohammed he's just trolling
all the time but guys I'll let you guys
know we do probably gonna go back and
munch guys I literally am sympathizing
for all of my girl viewers I think I
have my guy period right now literally
I've heard from a lot of girls that your
back go through like some next pains so
right now all day I've been having like
little back spasms right here and it
hurts shout out to all my girl viewers I
I'm with you guys in spirit even though
I'm not a gal I love you guys right mom
say hi guys so we just went to our house
mommy my brother's house I'm with my
mentees you could calm /od same day
gonna do but we had to stop by at
chantell's
we have to he's looking for a leaf
blower he's doing something with fidget
spinners they're a big creep on YouTube
right now my back is still hurting
it's killing honestly killing he's not a
daily vlogger because you can't even get
out one sentence with us so now I'm
going to teach you how to really love
guys we're going to bank as ryan needs
to go do some business work hey please
everything easy
I'm not a businessman all right okie
dokie guys that is two long days jam
packed into one blog because you guys
really love the long hauls okay I gave
you what you wanted to go down give me
what I want the legs I breathe eat sleep
off these like so go down to my side
like but let's hit 35,000 like Donna's
business logs and I yeah literally we
just got food me and Sylvia show them
the makeup shows part of your makeup
party makeup
and you can see the rest on her channel
she did make up with like paper or
something like that literally you can
end the night off by watching TV hang
out with the dogs because I haven't
really seen them all day I've been out
and about with the boys and the
girlfriend of course so I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did do not
forget to go down so I shot like Bernard
he said that literally I'm going I'm
repeating things because it's been a
long day I swear I have heatstroke
comment down below and gang okay I want
to see how many people actually made it
to this point in today's vlog even
though a lot of you guys definitely skip
to this point which you're cheating but
still comment down below if you made it
this far in today's vlog and I will be
hurting a bunch of your comments so
you'll get the notification that I
showed it some love anyways again I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see
you guys soon on mobile to where we stay
a little bit just a little bit more
savage on my main channel and as always
stay savage Lego
