good morning ay yo what's good at your
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
guys I don't know how many of you guys
watched my main Channel video with
Stretch Armstrong but today we are back
at it again with you boy Stretch
Armstrong aka the strongest action
figure in the whole world so before we
begin this process I want you guys to go
down and smack that like button
let's hit 50 K minimum for absolutely no
reason today we're going to be boiling
Stretch Armstrong and seeing what
happens to him because in my main
Channel video no one had any clue what
was inside of him but a lot of the
comments were yo what would happen if
you boil them or what would happen if
you like fully lit them on fire so I
happen to be at my mom's house today I
got my pot I was going to say I have to
use my mom's and then repair but I have
pots here making all my July be like a
ragu Mike and eyes and we're going to be
throwing this guy in the pot and seeing
what happens with his goo with his skin
with his head what melts down what
doesn't melt down it's going to be a
Linux parent it's pretty similar to that
experiment I did like not too long ago
with like the coke and then all the soda
is what happens when you boil those and
we saw those turned into some like crazy
black duct Stretch Armstrong is up to
bat today so guys if you didn't see the
main channel video I will leave a link
to it up here you already know what it
is there'll be a current all you got to
do is click on it so you can see the
full process of how we destroyed him
basically he stretches up to four times
this size is a kid Chan arrived from
Oakland Brian's never seen Stretch
Armstrong and he didn't watch the main
Channel video yet so honest yeah so I'm
going to show Ryan what it looks like
and if you guys haven't seen the main
Channel video then this is gonna be your
first time seeing what he looks like
basically when you take him out of the
box he is a very DS guy I don't know
yeah he's DS now you're going to see how
much he weighs he's sick sick body so
his head is breakable but like his arms
and everything else whoa if you hit it
harder pictures dunno if you hit it hard
it's like a rock oh yeah oh don't hit it
hurt but if you pull it soft it's like
you can like slowly mold it and then
it's going to go right back to his
position so the pillows are MO and then
we'll go go to the exact goal they want
just go ahead do anything you want he's
laughing gross stretch does not care
okay let go here no guys that stretch in
a nutshell
he's unbreakable the unbreakable jointed
would drop on the gun and listen to the
sound oh it's gonna break nah that's
like rock so dad give them a good old
ready I'm late later no grab one arm
grab an arm and I'll Gavin there's no
way you can rid this road go pull as
hard as you want bro as hard as you want
he's laughing you can trip him if you
want you can trip over all fear okay but
let go and watch his regular arm another
regular arm he's unbreakable guys but if
you slowly push in his stomach
it's like memory foam but then it comes
right back out in your face he flexes on
you so that's the plan we got a stove
we're taking the lid off and we're
plopping him right in and we're going to
turn it on so welcome to what happens
when you boil Stretch Armstrong he's
going to face first he's like I want to
see the pain so yeah I'll update you
guys in a sec when something happens
actually you know what guys we're gonna
add water play it safe round one
take this out and add a decent amount of
water into Stretch Armstrong I can
already smell burning so I'm pretty sure
this guy's face is melting into the pot
but hopefully with some water something
cool happens I'm sorry I have to do to
stretch but you're not unburnable that's
all I know for sure you're going to
start losing and stuff's going to get
everywhere so that is almost enough
water let's just cover them if you
what's wanted all right that's enough
water so I stretch let's get it look how
hot this red ring is see you in a bit
okay guys so Stretch Armstrong has been
in there for about four minutes so far
the water has not started to boil but
there is some steam generating so I just
got a butter knife I'm going to see if I
can stick the butter knife in his
stomach or anywhere in his body just to
make sure he is cooking so butter knife
to the chest oh my god did you hear that
look at that I'm trying to put it in it
looks like it's going in that I pull it
out
oh saying his stomach's already split a
bit look at that
no his stomach has already stood open a
bit you can see inside of it and he is
like whose face looks like he doesn't
care yet he's still chilling the stretch
that I know
you're coming out soon buddy just just
push through it maybe his crotch - no it
just pushes in and rebounds right back
out so we still got a bit of time to
wait it's already been another four
minutes and still stretch is completely
normal guys nothing is wrong with him
the only difference that I've noticed is
when I push his stomach in and I just
press on its stomach it's like super
memory foam like check how easy my
finger goes in light push and it sinks
right in way easier than it did before
the camera is already starting to get
very foggy because of all of this steam
coming up but stretch is still kicking
it's been like probably eight minutes
overall and stretches a lot month at
this point or nothing you cut them a
little bit yeah there are the stomach
they might start I feel like this time
was going to start leaking out first cuz
I cut it but guys Stretch Armstrong is
the DS dis man cuz I just saw in the box
what you could do with him put them in
all these weird shapes and I never did
that in my main channel video and I
might do in today's video but I don't
want to ruin another Stretch Armstrong
so the lids going back on just got to
keep patiently waiting so the water is
officially boiling guys I got to keep
the camera far away because I am NOT
trying to have the helis burn down and I
don't want the camera to fog up but
Stretch Armstrong is sitting in boiling
water look at his face this guy does not
care at all he's not flinching yet so we
cut him we might have to cut them we had
to cut them or we just take out the
water
yeah go ahead poke something on him not
too hard
I think nothing
nothing yeah he's nothing he's
invincible he's invincible so we're
going to put the lid on and keep letting
him boil but if in like five to ten
minutes
nothing has still happened I'm taking
over the water and I'm making sure this
guy melts in the pan by himself and if
that doesn't work we brought out to the
big guns so got the pan here this guy's
face is going face down into the frying
pan here while we wait guys I'm going to
teach right how to juggle with three
Kiwis because there's bear fruits here
here you go Jesus yes I'm going to teach
all you kids how to juggle at home
basically all you got to do make your
hand go like this throw this hand up
into the left just hand up into the
right and every time like say you throw
one up that way and then this one up
that way you're going to catch it with
the other hand so I'm throwing to my
left hand throw it out that catches my
left throws my left throw my right
catches no now Hulot throw it my light
throw with my left catch with my left
one out joy so watch as soon as I throw
I'm catching and then keep doing that so
throw and catch throw and catch
and then just do that with the other
hand to catch the throw boom boom boom
boom boom and then do you feel I guess
you know them you can see your hips
relative guys not can even know no so
just go boom hit the worst teacher
killed know what you're right please
Akane catches that is better than that
well what can you wish me as like a hood
you ain't getting it
Roz did you haven't even given me a big
enough child yeah you getting crazy have
you the world first grade teacher what's
that don't continue so I got so you can
go oh just your little crazy ability to
this you what like that go while we wait
guys welcome to wolfy juggling school
okay so you need three the tray over
here okay so you already did it right
there no no no you're doing it wrong
throw with your right okay make sure
there's two in this hand throw one of
those up into this hand and then throw
this one into the other hand No
just do one at a time so who actually
just work with two right now just work
with two so throw that no no you're
doing it wrong you don't want to switch
under like that throw this one into this
one catcher this one and throw this one
in the air almost no you bro
she's not listening Hey throw this up
and when you're catching it with this
hand throw this one up
oh so you're replacing it essentially
yes that's how you juggle what okay so
now take three do it a couple times one
up yes no that's what you need grow now
you just take another one and just keep
the process going so just as you throw
into the opposite hand replace it with a
Kiwi just try it bruh trust me my
grandpa taught me a five minutes I
learned it here but you see what I mean
you're already juggling
he's already juggling do one bro do one
R it's really hard just do one and eye
coordination your baller you can only
throw one at a time though stretch
Armstrongs dying guys replace just
replace it it's like okay I'm gonna
throw it over this thing oh wow
okay all right Howser can't see with the
other hand yeah in the other hand
exactly so throw up catch catch almost
did you see what I'm saying
okay turning it to a juggling lesson oh
you feel you feel like Stretch Armstrong
oh my god Josh I mean that wound is
really turning into something but he is
still chilling we're taking out some of
the water where the guy lost his hand
pail up bro bro he's dying
here we go some of the water has to cut
sorry stretch here half the water is
gone you're going back on the pan-fry
way just recharge up you ladies you just
did it you did it
no he just did it what Charlie's old
video he doesn't win without like
literally my first aid dad first time
juggling listen
all right all right you know what throw
the other mean observational learning
here Joep yo yo
no he's just replacing bro replace the
one you always in a teacher wolfy come
on they're yelling at me Turner ii
differently here here here here here
oh okay he was better the first time
right hand cuz it never be smaller none
no I got a he's acutely is busted okay
exactly
I don't know if you guys can see this on
his left leg is starting to Cui's up a
bit
he's turning very pale like he's
completely losing his hand his right and
left fist are both shaking like this
like rapidly he doesn't seem too happy
he may explode at any second stretch I
love you but this for your own good
buddy okay the amount of steam on the
camera just keeps coming we got to get
it away okay guys so it is time I'm fed
up stretch Armstrongs shoulder is
starting to rip but I don't want to wait
any longer so we're taking out the water
the boiling water has got to go back at
it stretch I'm Shawn Gus I'm going to be
honest it's starting to smell like burnt
plastic this is Roger Hall rule you
remember how he was so hard look at his
legs roll up that his legs are like
slippery bro flip slippery okay let me
take off shotgun bullet to the chest
Rosa's going back in there like very
little water the punt is going to get
ruined and guys whatever you do do not
try this at home and if you do try to at
home don't eat in the pot after you ruin
such a time function I don't know what's
inside of them now stuff is starting to
happen I'm going to flip them around
with the knife so here we go guys it's
slipping around oh he is so squishy oh
my what what is inside of him okay oh
okay threats we're flipping around buddy
come on
he's Holloman that's not it come on bro
that's not so strong a oh-kay oh come on
he will flip yo yo yo this could be like
I'm not gonna try and breathe this in
because I don't think we're supposed to
breathe this in
stuck in traffic flip we got a bolt that
yet we flip them two hippies face bring
it back bot decrease up hold
guys do not breathe this whenever you do
so now it's the Wiener game where is it
often he is starting to burn guys he is
starting to burn
I don't know what that smell is I don't
know what that substance is inside of
him but it's starting to bubble up the
bottom of the pan is turning I don't
know if you can see that but it's like
hollow very very hot I'm going to turn
this back on just cuz I don't want what
is this my house I don't know I don't
know if you're supposed to breathe it in
there what's up bro what's up bro he's
on mod 1 do not boil stretch on Jean put
your freaking shirt over your metal
together mod 1
I'm gonna start poking out of his hi
buddy pop open for you boy jeez if that
booty doesn't set it down open up come
on right we really hope your complexion
is filling it in quick very sparking
Pete this
to go thread set I don't know what's
going on right now I'm kind of scared
he's bubbling like a madman right here
the goo is literally oozing out of him
guys
this is weird I'm about to Google what
is inside Stretch Armstrong quick
because I don't want to inhale it and
die accidentally but I'm just going to
open the door right now and see if I can
air it out a bit
goddammit it smells so bad inside right
now and outside does not help with
Dustin's beat-up rice krispies so
absolutely boy guys crazy hi guys so I
googled what's inside stretcher I'm Sean
basically he's made of latex rubber I
don't think you're supposed to burn
latex but inside of them all it is is
gelled corn syrup apparently it allows
them to retain shapes for sure Peter
time um go back to his original shape I
corn syrup I know you can boil and it's
just corn syrup so what we're going to
do oh my god it's kind of open right now
cuz I'm tired of waiting Oh row row row
looki looking it where does it have I
can't cut them road look at this oh my
god it's middle gun stretch week Tamir
Oh talk to me row then do not go down on
me like this jet jet harder feel good
judge it it's really drawn even to a gun
sighs okay
this is not good at this Oh circle break
the house and he's thinking to himself
oh oh come on come on stretch this is
what happens when you boil Stretch
Armstrong guys I'm probably gonna have
to throw these nice 100 to think oh my
god oh my god just bubbling up like
crazy geez look at this guy's oh my god
so guys after 20 minutes of burning this
is what we are looking at right now this
is Stretch Armstrong fully boiled I'm
taking them outside someone turned off
the stove
mom's we turn off the stove Chavez dr.
Phil oh my gosh this is what Stretch
Armstrong looks like right now guys look
at how high this black sludge is boiling
up right now this is ridiculous hold on
let me clean the lens what am i burning
Stretch Armstrong he looks like Jabba
the Hutt why is it look like Jabba the
Hutt look at him oh there's one like
little geyser blowing smoke
what is going on
look at it look at it look at it well
thank God my mom was hungry okay
oh sorry I'm gonna let them cool down so
we can just feel a little bit sad you
don't do that at my house
that's what I said look at him he looks
like lava and then you do it at my house
oh my god you're home I will do have my
house here now no no no no no no come to
my house to do that because this is my
pot and this is my Stretch Armstrong
though I just eat normal not a cancer
it's a boy
his face is still fine but everything
else about them is there's nothing like
a fella came out of his body what is
that apparently a North corn syrup it
look it up on Google it's corn syrup
look at that it's gelled corn syrup and
latex rubber on his face okay yeah his
body's majestic so guys like I said
we're just gonna let this cool down and
then we're gonna see what's pop with you
sorry stretch everybody here you see it
arrived at my chain cost 10 grand I got
off on Big Dig did you kill it I don't
care nobody's working with slices bang
bang boom 10 grands with over 10 grad we
know it's not man it's almost five yeah
5 you oh yeah well to get Ryan's was
cheaper Ryan's with cheaper if you spent
$10,000 on my team I don't talk to
anymore why I didn't stop honking oh
gosh oh okay I'm joking it was Egon came
with jokey it was actually four grand
okay I actually wasn't enough but I
didn't say four guys four thousand oh we
didn't take Y up a presumption I only
paid thirty nine hundred and ninety nine
hours lion-o a clue enough to make it my
blog which people let their cats climb
on these ledges which are this high in
the air only my mom's okay guys well
this is what we made with us Stretch
Armstrong essentially his body is semi
so live pretty hot still this is turned
from goo
to crusty like burnt I don't know what I
would call it but I scraped out as much
as I could and this is what Stretch
Armstrong looks like on the inside guys
the outside of his body did not burn too
much
there's a right hand burnt off of it
left hand and burn off his head and
perfectly intact I don't think he's
headed burnable I think he's heads
invincible to be honest he is now very
like if I take this fork to him you can
see that he's like super squishy and you
can mold them around easily before you
can do that at all so now I'm just going
to try and take them out of here oh my
god stressed Oh Oh stretch no Shrek Oh
hell's a dress - row row you guys know
the magic check where you bend a spoon
or fork stretch has caused this fork on
the home so we're going to take them out
and put them on the plate in just
annalise.m stretch man I'm sorry so
sorry stretch come here with your head
dog oh it is so squishy now this is what
stretch is looking like let me take them
out and put them on his plate oh and
this is the remains of basically Stretch
Armstrong because one leg got lost in
the mush I'm pretty sure this pot is a
write-off so I'm going to clean this off
and we're going to analyze him one
why'd you have to do a voice just like
that bro I just needed to see that they
wanted to walk them live to go please
drop the leg one till I'm officially
ruined a pot of four to nine no one's
eating I'm busy
Ryan you want it I don't know yeah come
on this is a fork yeah can I keep this
girl why didn't you like this there's
John to do that boy lamenting no no no
what the hell oh so guys all in all the
Stretch Armstrong basically when you
boil him parts of them burns I want to
see if I could just squish out some of
this stuff in his hand this goo this
corn syrup oh my god you can see it's
starting to leak out but he is really
warm very hollow because a majority of
the inside of him actually boiled out of
him his faith is still other than the
corn syrup layer on top of them 195
percent fine
like I think his faces unruhe people
unbendable his hair for sure it's
freedom flawless throughout all this his
leg is kind of like his leg is had a
time guys okay I'm not going to lie is
one leg literally chopped off completely
and there still is it feels like lava
and like look at this root stinks that
is Stretch Armstrong so there you guys
go
that is what happens when you boil
Stretch Armstrong don't attempt that at
home but going on its mascot leg but
let's get 50,000 likes for this if we
have 50,000 likes I will boil other than
iPhone even or I might do an edit or
whatever you guys comment that gets to
the top comment through a bunch of
people liking your comment I'm going to
read the top because maybe the top one
is my mom I'm not trying to boil my mom
but if it's like something that I have
and then I can boil or that I can go out
and get that I can boil I will do it to
continue this series so that's all we
need to do doesn't like for that show up
the ranks ways and chatter the Jake's
pleased to be going over this video here
links will be at the top of the
description down below go subscribe the
amount of these videos I already told
you guys to comment something to boil
and I will see you guys doing on more
movie where we think a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay stylish don't boil Stretch
Armstrong definitely don't sniff it I
don't even know my old ourselves where
let go let go
