good morning a yo what - get it - boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy guys
I'm looking fresh today
got a new chain the nice long-sleeved
tee on I just definitely took a wrong
turn okay
I have no clue where I am definitely
have to find my way out of where I am
but I hope you guys are having a good
day that's not like one let's see if we
can hit 40,000 likes on this video if
you hit 40,000 likes
hopefully I can find my way back home
because I'm gonna try and do a mission
where I get home without putting my
address in the GPS because that's
cheating okay I think I'm in scent of an
old folks home okay yeah I am in front
of an old person home let's just get out
of here one step at a time
they definitely like this guy's tourists
too loud guys this morning was a rough
morning I had to go to the car
dealership I had to go to another car
store I'm just getting some work done
right now some big boy out of 17 year
old grown-up work done just a lot of
behind the scenes boring paperwork so
that's how my morning has been going I
hope your morning was like entertaining
I hope like you watched like a fight at
school even though you shouldn't be
included in the fight at school but I
hope you probably watched one I have not
buy coffee and your boy is literally
dying right now it's so hot outside I
might get an ice cap that's the bulbs
hot but your boy needs to wake up so we
might get the ice cap I might have to
help Sylvia with some grown-up stuff so
bear with me today we're gonna try and
make it as entertaining as possible but
we have to get stuff done it has to be
productive day Friday most people will
be partying we're out here we're
grinding every day baby guys the key
with doing anything having to do is your
car is basically if you want to get the
best deal possible how you get the best
deal possible is go to multiple stores
and make them compare prices so that's
what I'm doing right now I'm at the
second store looking at the prices let's
see if they can beat the price and the
time of the first store here and just
like that guys it costs a little bit
more but they can do it a lot sooner
it's closer by the price is a little bit
more expensive but if they can get it
done quicker for me it is all about time
okay my life is about time what I value
right now is more than everything is how
can I save the most time possible so
this way there's a lot more shady than
the other place though the other place
they're like what models your car what
do you do this like what color is that
all this stuff this kind of just like
literally like I want to possible the
guys I chose that's illegal
okay you sure you still want to go
through this yes okay next week early
let's get it you didn't say let's get it
but let's get it I don't know if you
guys can see me but this low light on
this camera is absolutely ridiculous
it's pitch black in this room there's a
little bit of lightning coming in from
that side but you can see me flawless
right now your boys in h2o Sylvia's back
they're doing some adult work I told you
guys she needed to pack some papers so
she's just getting that done signing
some stuff and then me and her are off
to go conquer the world starting on this
track I don't know my mom my dad I
they're not here right now Mike I'm so
energized I got an ice cap and I had so
much energy I don't know what to do with
it I'm gonna just die running up the
hill randomly okay guys so I'm just
gonna drive near my mom's gym to see if
there is a certain item basically for
the main channel that I can't spoil it
but I'm just gonna see if it's still
here I told my mom not to move it but
who knows all right so it is still here
Jane relieves your security I'll bag it
they're gonna stick through it
oh my god guys okay guys so it is here
stay tuned main channel video coming
through that's going to be a barrier we
have a bunch of packages that your mom
sells let's go pick them up and let's go
get my man
speaking of packages the girl from the
peel box called me and she's like Wolfie
I actually caught ya she calls me Wolfie
now she's like you have a lot of stuff
here and you need to come get it because
like you just can't leave you here
forever so I told her I was going to
come down like a few days ago completely
forgot that I was about to go so just
head to the PIO box real quick clearance
see both of them safety first to go get
these really packages because I wanna do
the wolf Sam's been sending your boy can
we stop and get me a coffee first
she got the coffee p.o box update let's
see oh and she said there's a lot of
stuff in the back so thank you all the
wolf Sam for sending me this stuff I can
even get it out of the mailbox happy
literally I'll sign a closes he'll walk
with time but Lucky's coming guys life
is tough right now we don't know what
we're doing
don't we're getting peel boxes too we
don't know where we're updating few
boxes how they really something yeah
we're gonna leave to the last second
this is it like oh my god jam-packed
here on there and then there's lots of
parts over there she's green at all
right now
elevation doesn't know so he needs
appreciation let's see alright guys
welcome back to another episode of
unboxing in the park with Wolfie when
was the first episode there was no first
episode this is the official first
episode episode 1 so I went to the PIO
box
picked up a bunch of stuff we're going
to start with this package it is from if
I have a name I think this might be a
Loki someone plugging their stuff
merchandise candy I don't see a name but
it's a Wolfie so we're just going to pop
this off take this out Oh what oh this
is the stuff guys this stuff is wavy I
might try this today this is what they
call power energy toothpaste ok if you
guys know of any weird companies that
sell weird stuff I'm pretty sure this is
like the most lit invention ever it came
in like a cool blue package yep this is
the stuff so essentially what this stuff
is this is like a Loki plug for them but
they sent it to me as you can see on the
very bottom it says this product
contains caffeine so essentially it's
like a toothpaste that wakes you up in
the morning so while you're brushing
your teeth instead of drinking your
french vanilla with a shot of espresso
in it you already are whoa just from
brushing your teeth so maybe what makes
you shouldn't use this at night unless
you you're trying to turn up at night
but I'm going to bring this up home and
I think I might use it tomorrow morning
just to see if it actually works I won't
have my coffee you guys know when I
don't drink my coffee I get a headache
so we'll see if this stuff works if it
has a bad caffeine in it I'm not going
to read too much into a now but shout
out to power energy toothpaste for
sending your boy some of this I think
it's cool as hell and they even gave me
a nice way
- thrush but probably Loki just going to
use my toothbrush to be honest so that
is the first package they even sent a
thing from the power toothpaste team
this is power to face the world perks
top name is quickly keys world's first
caffeinated toothpaste now it's time get
a rush while you brush when I came up
with that now 2000 but um so show it to
them for that but I will add this into
my bag of goodies right here this will
cost money to spend
Jesus who's spending thirty seven
dollars to send me stuff you guys are
crazy wolf amorous average cake next up
is this little package and this one is
from oh there's two pockets Kate never
mind this one's to David so I can't open
this one but I will open the 140-mile
bow because we'll be here and this one
let's see what we got in here the amount
of Hershey's milk chocolate bars you
just sent me is on wool Sylvia's gonna
muck them all
you also got a picture in here the og I
will pick taken in my old basement you
wearing the Carlton thing and all the
boys DJ was his hair goddamn throwback
AF this is what chad is wearing like
Kristen castles um sweater so this is
awesome
and then we got a nice little letter
here hi team elbow hope you receive this
my name is LaToya I'm 13 years old and I
love watching her videos wolfy DIY King
chata DJ paperclip master David parity
plays so that's how you know this is
recent
sriracha King it's your boy Tim Hortons
roll up master deeds design pancake art
King hope you guys enjoy the chocolate
you need to come back to Montreal to do
a meet-and-greet don't worry that is in
the planning stage right now so we're
coming back soon thank you so much
Latoya
next this one is to King Wolfie I do not
trust well people sin any disease this
is not a good relationship for me to
have with people who whose this problem
with the message okay this is from just
says directly from Amazon but I don't
think Amazon sent me this yo long ago
you have a lion ring alight well here
boy because your boy has a wolf ring
stainless steel size 12 can you shut up
train is so loud
see if it fit I was looking for a ring
for my middle finger and mr. sleep this
might be a sign from God because it
perfectly fits my middle finger and I
was looking for a ring it might give me
a rash because all I can wear is real
gold I'm allergic to fake but for the
time being
from Konev jewelry whoever sent me this
you're lit I appreciate you there is no
name on the package but thank you very
much
ok next package alert geez the dad hat
oh my god
King on the back and on the front this
is pretty wavy they burn my name into it
essentially I don't know how they did
that but yo yo yo
is there lace in this you know what Yolo
I'll take a hit for the wolf am we got
the fresh King hat we also have a letter
in here dear Wolfie my name is briefing
I made you a custom hot one fit for the
king of YouTube I made sure to get the
Hat in light grade to match your king
shoes and the King shirt you know the
friggin nada Pusha T so thank you very
much that's how I know you're loyal wolf
M I love your videos and I always smash
that like button thank you bracing I
think it inspiration I don't think it's
crazy because there's an A in there so
show it to you I appreciate the Hat the
boys are going to love this here next up
we got the big guys I don't know what's
in here thank you this one is from
Tyrell Crosby so you got to bring a
knife with you at all times of the night
movies another one
we got the oh if this is her auto other
necklace what and your semi gloves is
your list if you using my next dangerous
DIY so don't cut my hand open and a nice
little wolf figurine just wanted to say
I appreciate your videos and since I
hear you mentioned football I thought
you might like an OS Oregon Oregon
football hat I am left tackle for the
team
keep being Savage thank you so much
Tyrell I appreciate that
DM me if you're ever in the States and
won tickets I say blessed well you asked
her so next time he and the boys go to
Oregon forever there I'm coming to the
game I'm turning up and I'm wearing this
damn hat because this is freshman it's
like custom flips it's not bad luck hey
man I already know the size of my head
thank you so much the last package is
the big boy and this one is from Pawnee
from Phoenix Arizona you already know
what it is
you look at this duct tape jaqen duct
tape it's another box a box inside of a
box maybe it's a prank like when you
think me like there's one more box I'm
throwing this in you guys I pull pranks
I don't get pranks so as you can see we
got something directly only to Big Dig
Dave so I will put this in the Big Dig
de fire put this down there feels like a
shirt oh my god sriracha beef jerky this
is also going to Dave more sriracha beef
jerky also going to Dave you know after
the sriracha god but we have talks and
these are nitro I don't know if these
are like okay it says very hot disease
I'm assuming are like way hotter than
regular these are going to jad because
God loves to talk Jesus man's always
looking for talkies are you more talk
you literally every type of frigging
talk you it ever in existence here
what is this bloody beer mix I am so
lost right now
spice up your beer your mod your module
module part ok so we got that and then
to other things in here which are what
is this toilet shot glasses I am dead
so shot guys that look like toilet stool
it look like and my house actually you
don't have chocolate so we will use
these 100% and something else so these
more toilet shower boxes crazy cat lady
coffee mug I'm guessing this is supposed
to go to my mom she's a crazy cat lady
and then we got more talking so my talk
is of course the letters at the very
bottom the trips are for the album host
except the one bag is just for jabs
called it cat mug is for your mom called
it I love your parents they raise
fantastic kids give hugs to Wolfie jr.
Prinze and Sylvia tell Rory and Dustin I
say hi and tell the gift God hello to
keep making bangers take care Tony and
family
shout out to Tony thank you very much
for all this dad is going to be champ
this guy love this coffee thank you for
watching another episode of unboxing I
have to park with Wolfie this park is so
low-key literally like nobody is here at
all you want to go on the teeter-totter
okay this is how injuries happen guys
you get some guy who weighs over 200
pounds with the white enemies in the
sand this is what I'm doing for you guys
oh my god this is cringe and you get the
girl who weighs nothing to go on a
teeter-totter together okay
actually up okay I'm sitting down oh and
the tire just is broken
okay I'm getting up you know these ones
what case you're not supposed to go on
together we way too much here all right
guys rookie mistake
I left my vlogging camera at my house so
I'm using my mom's camera right now it's
way dirtier than mine guys you can tell
that my camera has been through hell and
back but it still works so today I'm
doing what I have been wanting to do for
like the past five days I just haven't
got around to it
these are back because you guys really
love these you know I didn't know what
it is
the fidgets spinners but today we are
making kind of the most dangerous
fittest winners in the world kind of
like fire fidget spinners whatever you
want to call them I am going to be
attaching sparklers to this fidgets
spinner to light it on fire
the only way I could think of making a
flaming fidget spinner sparklers are
cheap easy to use I got a bunch so I
don't think I'm going to mess up and if
I do I have a billion opportunities to
come back so in order to attach those to
the fidgets spinners went to the dollar
store and I picked up these adjustable
plant ties these are just these like
simple ties you put in and then pull and
then they lock up and I also picked up
some paper clips as a job here is your
paper clip got a pen to hold the fidgets
scenario I can get open
so more sparklers just in case I run out
realistically I'm probably not going to
run out but I always over buy everything
some quest buy so many more sparklers or
more sparklers and then I saw these in
the corner and I don't know if you guys
are subscribed to my main channel but if
you aren't then you guys should know
that there's a giveaway currently going
on I'm giving away six iPhone 7 the link
will be at the top of the description
here are all the iPhones just chilling
right there all you have to do to enter
is follow me on everything be super
active you guys know I love my active
wolf em that like everything that
retweet everything on Twitter comment on
everything just go ham on everything the
giveaway is ending in about a month so
you guys got a lot of time go enter the
giveaway and follow me on everything
right we'll see
right so mom you ready let's get into
crafting the most dangerous fidgets
spinners in the planet so although this
is my favorite
to work with I don't think this one's
going to work only because smaller so
basically I have a knife and the plan is
to pop off the two ends of this fidgets
Center to open up the middle like usual
guy well while your daughter escapes and
jumps off the table click okay go pop
off the other side really easy and I
think for this one it's basically just
to screw on screw off so we're just
going to quickly undo that should come
right out so both of these look pretty
nice except the metal is obviously a lot
more heavy the next step is just to take
open a few of these we're going to use
like two or three on each side so let's
just grab like three and we are going to
put it through two circles on the
outside now we're going to bend this
over and try and stick it through the
next one so just bend it back like so
I'm going to go through bend it back up
so it's standing still and then you can
sort of bend this down to come out like
this
so we're just going to do that for every
side you know it's just your lighter
isn't oh I don't know housing those
lighters in the closet but we have
torches guys so sure it's same thing
with this one
essentially grab three at a time stick
it through this one circle right here
then you want to bend it back up bend it
down again takes a little bit of time
but take it through there bend this up
this is really good because these are
super moldable yeah and just like that
we got two side looks easy now we only
need one more side or side so beer back
okay so we got one done check it out
does it spin it spins very nice air
compressors on the ground we're in a
bowl with a lot of compressed they're
just going to be frying and on fire
flying in on fire inside no normal kid
with outside okay for this one guys we
could not find a pen or anything that
would go into that would go in it and
fit perfectly so basically I'm the DIY
guy so I thought why not roll up some
papers okay and then the paper should be
thin enough there's enough paper any
more than that and it's too thick you
want to roll it as tight as possible and
then it will untighten to tighten that
nice to see you cooking in the end here
and Fitz let me let go and check out
paper DIY here to take the lights on
fire let's just take the tape we're
doing it outside anyway once this has
compressed air on it and it's going
really fast it's going to look insane it
might all light on fire I'm going to
wear gloves for that now all we need is
a lighter to set the flame and we're
going to go outside to do it let's try
to so guys we are ready to light this
thing on fire basically I got my nice
Kevlar glove on that my dad lent to me
this thing is non flammable so don't
worry it's not going to catch on fire
except the cat hairs on it might catch
on fire I know my thing right here and
we are ready to go okay so we got to get
this thing ready oh okay the air is
ready now we're going to light these on
fire we'll see he runs awake listen
we'll see watch out for this there's two
little puppies out here right now we
don't even have a smaller lighter dad
you got to put this out ready sparklers
aren't lighting one sparkler I'm sparkly
The Wrestler sparklers let's go oh my
god
alright hold that put that out and we're
going to spin it any my party
like oh my god yo yo yo seriously this
is the furthest thing from see but look
how cool that look
you only have one try and then the last
flame is going out I feel like my
sweater is flammable
so how's it feel sitting at me let's get
a replay on that now we got the one
which I don't know if is that safe with
the paper I think that's the way you got
to hold it we have one try I got to lay
them faster that's the problem
all right you got to put this out of
that here we go
come on come on come on come on to the
cup don't drop it let go oh look at that
guy's
look I'd like for my buddy a big flaming
visit spinner and that is how you make a
DIY fitted spinner and honestly my hands
felt pretty warm during that one but it
didn't light on fire the paper stayed
perfectly fine the metal is pretty warm
and all of the and all the sparklers
went out in about like 15 seconds now
all we do is okay we can't oh that's hot
I'm gonna pull it up pull it up it's
simple but that was the best part if you
guys want to make your own DIY flaming
fidget Center at home all you got to do
is get paper any fidget Center but I
would use one of these triple ones a
head like that it's kind of big you want
to use the basic one these ones work the
best because look at it spinning wavy
spinning motion and the sparklers are
like a dollar ninety-nine at the dollar
store so here comment down below what
you want me to do next with the fidgets
spinners and I will do it who knows I
might even like put those versus like a
giant water level light the world wobble
on fire and my mom's house whatever you
guys want comment down below and I'll do
it next to the fidgets spinners also
smash that like button and we will keep
banging out these fidget spinner videos
because they're so poppin you guys love
them I love them I might have 150
participants on the way right now in the
mail to infer those to come in so they
dude another one guys somebody sought me
somebody please please stop me Oscar
I'll stop it
you gotta stop Oh what is that more easy
no isn't yes
okay no they're not more easy guys once
I got the white one you already know
your boy had to get the triple black
nmds these are my favorite honestly up
there is easy as my favorite comfort and
just plain swag shoes so now I got plain
white plain black but I think that's all
I'm gonna get I'm just saying too much
really be together but up there in hold
on I'm restarting my pony
something's calling ya know I can't talk
we'll talk to money and business later
okay I'll be there guys my mom finally
they came in the dogs officially have
Ralph Lauren Polo
old shirts bring here remember our on
why the how many clothes you get what
are those what one is for each of them
but one of them that's our full shirt
yes new are you so many colors so cute
I'm so beat spread you're wearing so
over why there's so many colors alright
put it on him you literally had to
custom order this stuff guys
this is not just like some regular stuff
look at it it's actually Rocklin they
sell dogs up I hate them I used to watch
good I used to like you guys I don't
like you anymore ah returns laughs it
seems what is he really personal account
how come January somehow ok pillow kids
make sense dog polo Hawaiian ocean and
Newport Navy so Hawaiian ocean is for
Prince put on the Hawaiian ocean but if
he hated already in Spain you gotta get
his Facebook yo Fred why is my dog
wearing more expensive clothing me no he
hates you ok once you put it over yeah I
don't really get over there
it just will be so it's not over the
timing Oh get it
Jesus get it together Prince put your
airman but ah ha Oh perfect oh yes my
god my dog go to a private high school
will be a good boy I'm literally living
good right now Prince I always want to
go to private school let me see you
coming show the model printer is okay
torture you hold on Jenny you need
Prince come here ha ha ha Prince good
boy good boy
all right Wolfie your turn Wolfie time I
will fear let's see what's poppin I
think it just looks too small cat this
for ya when I'm in good boy
Oh Wolfie looks better Wolfie looks way
better than Prince in the whole world
with no wait whoa whoa
Oh Mikey it's a little too small but you
look you know handsome I generally good
boy good boy you go to class
yeah are you all right so vlog basically
me and Silvia have been stressing out
about all this stops
one of the biggest stresses right now is
looking for a house and one of the
issues in having was looking for a house
is how we're going to get a house near
the boys and what the plan is with that
so basically Silvia obviously just want
to live with me how are living right now
she doesn't want to live with anyone
else
oh I'm gonna FaceTime prank her and tell
her that I think it's a smart idea for
Ryan moved in with us because we said
that Silvia already hates how much I
hang out Ryan has let alone him live
with us so the way he was so smart for
our money our issue like you just helped
our whole yeah yeah exactly is this
gonna help our whole situation living
lies and by the way ground broke the
whole feeling oh you should too
okay anyway so the way it's gonna work
is I have I bought a bunch of dice but
we bought them for no reason I bought
them for no reason but if Ryan rose
higher than me now that doesn't count if
you were hiring me you have one try I'll
make the call because it's going to be
changes how guys can be really critical
how does she know that the prank or
she's just addicted alright so I guess
we'll see
so Ryan's on the roll is this year old
barrel alright go ahead
money big money pretty close the 77
mobilize the Ottomans and seven is not a
bad role but here kind of heavy
okay okay jail he will and 7:00 a.m. we
will play the other day Mueller wind
with that sabot hahahahaha this was like
this is really weird
Kate is robot a57 here Oh 11 okay hold
this hold this thing it's big money
rollover like I need to hit a five or
six and one
I sold it oh I heard I could hit only hi
who do you hate we never give your hero
of your head rear okay black here we go
Oh
a 5 here I need me a 56 here we go take
Victor hungry the MU is trying on the
road 80 okay one at a time again we go
define a fight I'm here with Tony my mom
for okay they raise my phone so now I
can sit forward top phase time opens
gonna FaceTime Sylvia and see what she
says I'll just go back to your Thunder
okay like what do you think a look like
any two boys like Ryan likes really good
up till the once a time state she's in
North Beach yo what are we doing with
this house situation like would you be
down with like any the boys lived with
us she did she's like to see if I was
joking
oh my god Amy I know Ryan I'm not
pranking is these murders we moved in
like it's one of them moved in with us
it would be like less money like Ryan or
did it but I don't have I don't have
money I have no idea bro take our water
so guys I just got home and I'm happy to
say I did think of the most epic main
Channel video idea ever
so I don't know how I'm gonna pull it
off I don't know how many people it's
going to take I don't know how many days
it's going to take this one's definitely
going to be a multiple
stay here for sure hopefully we can get
it done as quick as possible but I'm
planning on doing that in like the next
couple weeks because I think it's just
going to be an all around like feel-good
video good vibes it's going to be really
emotional and I think it's just going to
be an all-around banger so I cannot wait
to get started on that
Silvia's right now they're filming some
neck DIY I can't show you this behind
the scenes that's when we had her
channel links to that will be in the
description eventually I'm a long time
when it's coming out probably not by the
time I next week Sunday ok so by the
time you so don't be in the description
go check it out after some crazy DIY in
the semi DIY session guys semi DIY
kitchen I say that because it's not
actually my kitchen what I hope you guys
enjoyed another vlog if you did you
already know to go down and smash that
like button if you guys are loving these
frigate spinners keep it up and I will
keep dropping some heat literally some
heat on you guys so let's aim for 40,000
lights go down wolf down smash I like
one for no reason comment down below
fidget gang you guys have ADHD if you
have any beef and you can't read books
and you can't pay attention just like
you blow Wolfie when you need to fidget
comment down below such a gang if you
were part of that gang even if you're
not part of that gang commented because
I had to comment it and I will see you
guys to know more Wolfie we stay a
little bit more savage on my main
channel and as always they accept Lego
