good morning ay yo what's good it to
wear will be welcome back to more Wolfie
already know today's or starting to date
fresh we got the night talk line we have
to watch the Juelz michael get a new
necklace today
the shorts hanging by me wrangling at it
the short the jean shorts are fresh nice
coffee long great teeth very like
stretching material and then the moon
rock easy sister oh my god I don't want
to wear the cream white the accent I
feel like I'm gonna get them really
dirty but your boy is fresh and s today
got the red band you already know you do
yeah work it hey hey e can you take that
to the dry cleaner sir hell no maybe I
don't know how to dry clean Teflon Nidal
my mom knows how to do that but there's
a billion things has to be today
starting like feeding these dogs on the
ground as you guys know the boys are
back so the boys in motion we are the
boys wolfies here why are you sitting
like that
get up on the couch don't be a weirdo I
think he wants to go to our moms but I'm
not going to take them there so there's
going to be editing all day so join me
master like button if you guys are
excited for another vlog and we are on
with our day out really heavily
considering your car come on where are
you guys something like that where's
Beth me so I don't so you guys know
where youtubers are going you have
nothing to do today and we're shopping
for jewelry and pokemon cards today is
going to be a good day haven't eaten so
I feel like am I going something that's
the Magic School Bus on you look sure
Ryan still dark
what is so dark bread talk no mr. Tanner
Oh calm down below you think it's a tan
or burn yeah comment down below I've
seen 10-team tan or hashtag team bring
online client below um you'll put me in
team 10 I wish I was into you 10 Joe
jinx don't let this guy I said two times
ten right now oh girl let me guys
everyone let me in team all going team
ten still good team elbow t-mobile / -
so there is one feature in this card and
you can absolutely dust the back
passengers head on so they're just
sitting like this or that you hit him
with don't go against it I'll do it now
do it now do it
man the button over you can just shut up
just shut up
shut up why is that a future it's really
this teacher those useless is the one
that shoots you at the top of the car
three no no no it cousin
I don't know unboxing on time look
through the rearview I hit it was a you
like people to know no you can only fold
it down you're gonna go back red dot
right now a bunch of grown men going to
get your pokemon card you know the life
for you to reflect oh my god look at all
these Pokemon card box why is this card
so damn big oh come on how do you trade
on you tree bad how did you do the haha
don't worry wolfies here boys I'll take
them all and the chell cards thank God
they have the free and eight packs of
the ball card that have all first look
at that I want that card so bad Kobe
Bryant up there they got more Lakers
cards Bryan's reminiscing on his yugioh
days do what you want to do you you
unpacking room I love you that your team
you do I don't even know what I look
like to you I always won it was not that
big I had blue eyes white dragon though
just wanted you guys wanna see when I
trained it on Taylor
anti cold you know what I might buy one
pack I think I'm gonna buy one back of
her you're Ryan which deck should I get
look for black buying a deck just for
the hell of it
13 bucks row 13 books deal with my magic
I gather busting nuts over cards I'm
cheese that's on y'all stress stress all
they do is listen if your Pokemon goes
dead yo coconuts that boat over
you got stripper cards too yo Ryan you
know these two pokemons pokemons Rahman
get a pretty classic so you mean that is
this is squirtle and bobasa's yeah
actually zip it when we got this
Wobbuffet Wobbuffet
okay who is it though actually did you
got any Jia as a DG act as you wanted
Pidgeot bro who is this bubble sort
no I don't think he knows it do you know
you sort okay good Venusaur Blastoise so
I'm going to call these two likkle decks
while they're getting big boy Dex over
there but yes all cars oh yeah before
the let me check out my dad local home
road support local football really happy
to see if everything around him
yo-yo could get all the periodic retreat
in fact if you've got a Chris really
rookie guard I'll know I'll keep my cell
phone so that I might use that my dad
might be there or looser previously
about well I use the most high-tech
acrylic card and puck card holders of
all time
these are I'm guessing for any child
cards then I have packs where you can
load your cards into got more over here
more over here these are thicker ones
ultra pro top loaders 130 points
obviously 180 points the store needs to
chill
comment down below if you guys collect
cards and if you do what you collect out
of the Pokemon man back in the day so
I'm reminiscing and I'm copying these
two classics see what I get the idea of
then the cards is in half okay guys
we're doing an unboxing in the store
here you go just watch Shawn videos at
Cerritos oh no need um the code yeah
Google Blog you have in the person is
there a certain way to open it without
ruining attack not like this they're
simply ROM Cheesecake no God knows how
to do okay make sure I see the
background on the bowl in the code they
get too close okay you get your coat
first no I think it's too out of time so
you go put your coast codes good to the
human volunteers in here they're not all
right not the best card on my back so
you did it too
so how do I open them just like there we
go
just go ahead okay bro it okay you guys
are good
yeah coughing broke the rotting garbage
yeah I'm taking this Oh secret key
career and you had a nasty car executor
yeah usually all right cool haha yeah
you have that wait wait wait I get that
is that Missy I can only see from the
back trainer yeah I got like a Buddha's
got Professor Oak's hint professor hope
you'll take this one Machop yeah where
you can have all these cards except for
my Mahalo you got a nice lickle and I
got the heart of life throw Magikarp
all right so don't roll it out of this I
got drowsy geology garbage here bro this
is the most useless Pokemon Cardinal
yeah I got a very delicious but Caterpie
more magic carpet array is this a rare
wonder no okay okay okay I think we did
all right so when is I got a rare card
it your last card
yeah next pair is their last basic one I
got a nice variety commander this big
would be slo-mo narrator so what's the
next one it's a basic ones another type
in turn reverse holo we're a little brat
is it Rattata rabbit and I call it
Ratatat the raksasa
okay what's your reminded are bringing
you bro
I start you look at is look at his
attack what is it this guy wants to give
a quick blow Oz no no that's quick like
oh this is gonna actually scold
QuickBooks alright did you get do key
cards neck the rare next is a rare car I
ever won the Masters tree here Oh would
you get oh no I got probably right
sweetie
don't piss y'all take that rope egx for
I for looks at anymore at don't don't
play yourself
comment down below if you want this card
okay which one of you wants it
okay I have it but shun can have it here
and then I got probably Raptors is not
bad and then that that's a Holly all
happen far off is maybe too so that's
our quick Pokemon unboxing in the store
and we're going to play Magic the
Gathering now is that you name your
bluff not me apparently there's garbage
can is from ones that come here that are
married don't with their ways to know
they unbox cards they unbox very UVO
cards and they
well I use ooked there's not one piece
of food in it this is all cards and
decks in shell grow people are buying
ice cards bro I'm over this place giving
me five bucks for the car but that can't
be more than exactly right because I got
more than the decks constant 5a5 first
use a mediator a mediator
oh so I made more money on this dick
then what I can do it with this is my
gambling's right kids I don't gamble
don't get don't even give me five bucks
give me ten bucks and we'll talk about
Pidgeot exp guys I figured I don't need
this $5.00 there's a homeless guy
walking right here I don't need the $5
for the card to be honest I'm gonna give
this man the $5 donate what you can
I just donate 100 bucks it's amplified
level I'm gonna do the same thing here
no worries bro have a good day you too
bro so he needs it I don't need that
five he needs that much more than me
donate okay guys so we just wrote to
this one track meet just like do it's
going but we think it's like a high
school track meet Chad and I Ryan voted
that they would go Ryan City blog for me
hopefully he doesn't get my blog camera
stolen dad put his head up because I
need being a paper
RORO bring your ball camera yeah I don't
know though all right well no no you're
driving by we've seen attract me or
you're going to see if we could just
walk in and see if this like a hundred
meters or something the main goal is to
know if anybody knows - Ryan's lasers
yeah so we're gonna find out today this
is LA excuse me excuse me do you know
Ryan choice oh yes you're the right
choice okay okay
mirela ding in third 39:45 on the
winning side second race to 4165 in 45
45 43 you know Ryan Swiss you do your
there hey are you guys are you know nice
race how are you are you
you know hydrate hey what's robbing yo
hey yo it's will be locked up not here
hey excuse me we got them into the next
ring Simonelli actually just cuz we just
got back from ask your dad okay I like
that
Yahoo are you competing what are you
doing Roger meter what's your best time
with your best time give me 13 and 13
what it's low that Matthew Clark brought
better than us right now sit which one
at 17 I think a chicken if you're a vile
what are you doing 200 meters go to time
29 bro any nine that's actually being
what unreal oh my gosh we got Ottomans
that happy today yeah I'm all right
laughs yeah get up get that do any other
shout out shut up who are you shouting
out say Pat
I like that same class Irish Irish let's
go what's the condition of the home
1,500 meters
800 meters so twice around yeah whoo all
right guys that about does it for the
expedition today but they really thank
you for coming people do know right yeah
we found a couple people and they
apparently watched some videos good luck
to all the athletes today Jana Jana hey
I have to spell every smart girl but I
Spartan
you know hey my god okay guys go
Spartans get it let's go Madras that row
bug eyes most importantly subscribe to
our channel since we we're the only
brave ones to go on because we're we
give back to the Panthers I'm not saying
all the other guys don't
it's just we're just more happy and love
it we love we love meaning interacting
with people but youtube.com search rice
please
you knock on /add with a junior and
subscribe when you're done since that
window titled the digging and
challenging if guys welcome properly hey
we're here settled came dancing your
people I found out so guys I'm here to
watch an 800 meter sprint there's one
kid I promise I see him run
he said a salad is perfect using eight
thousand three thousand oh three
thousand kami over 800 meter sprints
going on right now
the long-distance runners are off three
thousands kind of a lot but we're here
we'll see the first three laps people
say the first three laps of you and then
hopefully you kill the race can you can
you take a picture no it's just uh
what's the word you're looking for I
want to be one be supported for some
capital like you do in Council area
what's your name
they all up if you guys go to same time
I don't care who you are you're a girl
you're a guy we are team Faiola call it
that down below because why should you
win because I'm true
go ahead no no you want to win on the
spot go ahead because I'm true I'm
ambitious
and I promise if I am representing you
it will be the students voice so vote
for teyla if you are a teen wolf m and
hopefully she went when I wonder you
guys know we're gonna a twenty third
okay guys Paint Pot kids go off I want
everyone voting for her and hopefully we
can win let's get it so blogging
blogging blogging
all right our boy is running the race
right now we're gonna try to find him
y'all he's but he's running in the way
over there I'm going to be luck there's
our boy look at him he's right there
he's right there he's going oh man
they're kind of Naima we've still but
you know he'll he'll get there he'll get
there so get that this guy's bless it
everybody shout out the
let's go please let's go buddy win the
race for me he's running guys he's
literally sprinting you gotta have fun
while you do the sports guys it's all
about team spirit it's all about fun not
about winning you just want to have fun
while you're running your 3000 meter
race so I'm running next time in the 800
meter high - long jump so hopefully
hopefully I would not do it anyways - I
guess you couldn't get a picture but
shut it - my man you already know what
it is we support the local shut it -
everyone up here here no not here
shut up back there shut up boy pretty
boy everything we do is for the boys and
the girls another day we're on the track
9 detective hey let me just write your
little on the blog here in the blood so
everyone's in the blog today including
inside how's it going
it's blog life right now - we are headed
ok your name Eddie he's going to do a
backflip for the vlogs Paul like for no
reason there's guys mud cake / I'm
waiting don't break your leg Evelyn here
oh here hold on if you hit the backflip
not like one let's go in that back 2016
and here's our little special I got a
little more hectic than I thought guys
but holy you got to go there they're
still there still on top of the hill I
think they're yelling from on top of the
hill we got to get out of here this is
crazy
I have any in breakfast yeah I just want
food at this point so guys we're back at
the store shopping for jewelry
bigger rolls in with a unicycle some
someone explained to me David
nobody else do show them you change you
can take it out take it out should Ryan
Kotwal Ryan's copy anyways there's no
 he's talking it you know don't take
it all
Oh with the ten how much well I know I
told my little girl all other things I'm
a cubed this up really good
thank you yeah only brought a thousand
of the things we're guys I don't want to
talk about it but some of you guys like
did in the comments we got it oh my god
just like I need a drink
guys you can tell this jewelry store is
trying to get robbed because they have a
broke up window but you'll be happy to
know that all men's one two three name
is that except for David Potter friggin
your Harry Potter
everybody unicycle but every other man
bought a chain because that's that's how
I living right now you already know our
living we're in a champion hoodies guys
I just want to talking for a minute
I missed a lot I was in Cancun I know
the vlogs miss me
I know I know I'm not a main channel guy
anymore I used to be main channel but
I'm pretty busy these days I'm trying to
do my own at youtube.com slash translate
so if you want to head over there that
would be fine but I am a vlog guy I try
my hardest even though it's not my blog
I know my man Charles need some footage
and anytime he needs and I'm there for
him right now yeah exactly so I'm more
of a vlog guy I'm kind of like if you
watch David Ober come on I'm a Jason ash
looking at ooh I'm a little Cuban
situation okay guys so basically the way
it's going to work is we pulled up to
the park these guys challenged me real
quick crossbar challenge so I brought
out the Yeezys I'm not going to try and
ruin these because this one our first
day with the moon locks but jawed lent
me one of his cleats so I got his cleats
and basically we're not doing the full
crossbar challenge but basically it's
the first one to hit the crossbar from
the EZ which is right here
yo yo boys yo can you guys help us up
let's up okay we have the rebounders
yeah yeah we need your ball we need your
boss got up to all these guys right we
go cut out something off but hey let's
go it's late pass your ball pop your bar
need an overload on I'm going to break
your toe brilliant sorry oh there's some
kind of rock cause now I got it
okay so I'll go first here I got you all
right let's go let's go
we'll see like am Number One yo this was
my first need this rings not good times
you remember this video Charlie yeah
look around me because it's um bring yo
you 100 how's that you know ok jaw drop
oh we're doing like the huh yeah well no
we have to alternate choose not and I'm
gonna use this one dad attempt number
one what does he got got the rebounder
up there here way more
oh nice cave over there Ryan swings
plays basketball subpar basketball no no
you can't shoot it and it's gonna smoke
I can't see it
no shooting like a basketball bro just
hit it hit it hit it 3 2 1 oh ok Ryan's
not a soccer player yeah I'm not a
soccer player anymore but the same as my
shot beside another side by Shane buddy
you like to chain the new Shane would
you get that no just now the chain
weighed me down if I hit this you have
to smash that thumbs up on alright right
now oh I like cool oh yo shoot both
balls just to save the time but either
way it's gonna take years you have two
shots Jesus Kate green ball go no I know
it's hard when I see down here yeah this
guy's leaving oh nice shot Oh
almost a good night oh he hit the
crossbar oh ok two more shots too much
shot right and not very profitable
I'm so annoyed get it oh I just like is
really into replay that is bad let's go
talk this means shadow into the first
one right you guys gonna pull video on
my channel y'all ready no it is go smash
that like button we will do a full team
elbow + super drying squeeze and the
rest of the guys as a full video more
than one friggin crossbar it's going to
be lit so 50000 sums up and we will do
that anyways we have to go back now know
why you plug each other day yeah hey
what about the TV screen
no diggity doesn't drop yeah yeah yeah
okay see this Sylvia drycleaner Tings
guys when you're when you're forced to
do all this stuff by your girlfriend you
take your stuff to the dry cleaner don't
know how it works hopefully
things get dried and things get clean
what what anything I'm gonna yeah you
know any work buddy let's try means I
sleep on I'll get up get up get up we
gotta do stuff come here come here I'll
get you a coffee I get you you see
someone's here bro someone I don't have
much oh yeah yeah I will time so I just
pulled up home to the home base and what
do I see when I get home
of course you already know it is the
sleepy dog the dogs is what we call dog
grandpa eyes look at how a tired Wolfie
looks usually it's hard to tell if a
dog's tired but look at this guy's eyes
literally he cannot keep his eyes open
good job I love you buddy sit in the
corner over there by themselves I don't
in his little box guys I'm exhausted
right now literally it was such an
eventful day through it through out
regular trackers I was like so spirit of
over but that burrito has pretty much
made me want to kale for like the rest
of the day as soon as I ate it your boy
was bloated and now I think it is prison
break time silly record the episode so
we can watch that tonight I got to catch
up again I've been creating it for the
past like it's been out for like two
days but I haven't got a chance to watch
it because I've been super busy so I'm
going to reward myself tonight and
finish off that episode so I can catch
up with the season and watch it live
next week with my mom so I am team
Prison Break I see you guys in the
comments down below I'm like the vlogs I
posted like a yesterday is a day before
there's a lot of 13 reasons why comments
I think Sylvia is pretty much watched
all that I gotta watch that one so what
else did you guys comment there was some
team suits there was some team hi Matt
your mother team arrow team Walking Dead
there are so many teams so you guys
showed my gloves to your favorite shows
yards no but I'm gonna head block there
I hope you guys enjoyed you already know
to smash that like button right now
especially like 500 times in fact make
like six billion accounts and slash like
button so we can hit 35,000 like some
comment down below Wolfie what do you
want them a comment today oh he's so
fast though
okay he's running away from the cameras
like now I'm not trying to get this vlog
today why you curving me bro
geez you want him to comment down below
their favorite color now their favorite
color will be what are you gene white -
18 wait comment down below your favorite
color you already know what it is if
your team red then we are the best
family alive right now because red is
the most wavy color I would read beige
is pretty nice gold is pretty nice you
already know but at hurt ever since I
was a little young wolfy team red all
the way I'm not team blue I've never
been team blue and team green years team
orange is kind of weird too so comment
down below that and I will see you guys
soon on more Whoopie where we stay a
little bit more sense in my main channel
and as always they savage Lego I missed
it
