without further ado if your Apple is
this is actually smash like when three
to one morning a little boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie guys take
him get it sick Gracie's yelling right
now in the hallway I hope you guys are
having an amazing day I almost tripped a
little chair your boy had a rough night
last night and if you follow me on
snapchat you would have known what the
hell went on but if not let me explain
to you what happened last night but
before I do you guys like gang where you
at go down and smash that like button
right now let's hit thirty five thousand
likes on this video I'll give you guys a
few seconds to do with your nose let's
go five four three two you can smell my
breath boom I can't even talk right now
guys last night ah basically we're all
chillin last night and randomly or like
yo let's go get some food so I'm not
even kidding you guys we got the biggest
fucking bowl of Thai food I've ever had
in my life to the point where I couldn't
even finish it roll a clip this is the
biggest kamila I've ever seen in my life
had toys for the boys boys boys I don't
think I'm gonna finish this I really do
need to stop eating guys I have a
problem
hey yo I'll stop eating after this man
I'm never the type of person to get
defeated by my meals but I actually am
bringing a take home that was a lot of
food after the Thai food the night was
not done there randomly we're all
chillin in races room and summer's like
yo i'ma go on like YouTube life and I
was like I don't really look that good
but I mean I'm down to get some extra
clout so we were all chilling in the
room and we had to clickbait the stream
it was like girl on girl kissing summer
him and ELISA violet it was kind of lit
but you know it was kind of wild guys so
that's we did next summer's fans right
here
I got me a scroll no we're looking for a
caption oh can we get a caption right
now 10k viewers buzz girl kissing oh my
god oh yeah
watch your watch right go watch right go
right for the views for the guys guys so
we just went for a swim
Silvia it'll bring home because she has
to pick up some clothes cuz we're gonna
go to the bar quickly on the uber map it
literally says cloud house landmark time
I mean I know the address is pretty easy
to get but literally it says close what
do you think about that friends good to
know come here boy t10 car house where
you want move difference a sureno yes
relax Joe Joe Joe doesn't seen but the
night did not end there literally after
that everyone's like yo I'm down to just
turn up a bit and go out because you
know it's like a Thursday night no one
in the house really goes out anymore
feel like we're all getting old I'm 17
everyone else is like 18 it's ridiculous
so last night we're like yo let's go to
saddle ranch and let's go get some
nachos maybe like a drink or two cuz
we're all of age except I'm 17 and my
fake I guess work last night and then
look what I made Omar dis oh my god guys
I love Omar we should
this actually was riding a bull and he
actually made it on the Bullock he
didn't even fall off but I think it's
cuz he told the guy that he had like a
broken head for some I don't know the
guy went easy on him but yo if you want
to see some crazy shit like that and
like behind the scenes stuff that I
can't upload to YouTube make sure to add
me on snapchat wolf your apps or the
wolf emoji on the side of my screen
right here because some crazy goes down
there and it's all so spontaneous that
sometimes I can't even whip out the blog
camera first thing that comes to my head
is the phone so my snapshots pretty
friggin lit anyways today I'm not gonna
lie it will come sick we're about to go
get food
I need Advil right what are we on what
what are you doing today today you guys
we are going to message CD to see if we
can get it Ryan's raise tickets to the
NBA all-star game
this February holy Sh that we might be
doing that I don't know Ryan wants to go
the NBA Finals all-star game I'm trying
to go to the Super Bowl we're gonna
figure out today but for the beginning
of the day let's go get it banks is the
savage he's about to ask for a palm
reading right right now with his broken
hand
and that's how you play yourself
good morning yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
I told you guys I don't lie about this
best food are like sponsor me
guys watch this game hold up hold up yo
did you drop if you drop something right
there in LA took the police ride horses
no this is like Royal Canadian Mounted
Police guys are mates so banks has to go
grocery shopping now and me being the
nice guy I am you know I got a car now
so now I'm taking everybody grocery
shopping me all I care about right now
to be honest is advil my head is
throbbing
what I'll take that after all you are
you still want that shaken V with the
exit you shaken before your diet the
nature sweet oh yeah yeah I'll need this
cane sugar because it's like yeah
natural all right here's the bread comes
that you like just drinking late nights
anyways guys literally we're doing a bit
of grocery shopping right now like good
adults even though I'm 17 and you know
it's a great day
except for the fact that I went to a
random grocery store and usually Ralph's
have like Starbucks in them and this
Ralph this all this fucking Ralph's did
not have no Starbucks so me my caffeine
is going oh I'm gonna kill him my
caffeine fix it like I'm like shaking
it's on cell phone yeah I'm down
actually because these ones are
sugar-free
I like how you know my style thank you
thank you thank you thank you I know
just for the viewers on a deborah but I
got you I know I used to Benchley plates
now easy lady
just like all the chips you're addicted
but yo is any1 see coffee I need coffee
whoa what is this oh please hop up on my
face blaziken's eight what is your tank
the Lord
oh my god you guys we found them let's
go Laci watermelon lemonade Dhanam Chuck
all right pop iced coffee and I didn't
care about us states weird meal video
homework I got you lemonade brothers
your favorite warning
they're no virgin no rice got it with
the sharp claw not this is what I want
guys this is exactly what I want to bowl
eraser rice with a flat rope too much
nice
I'm depressed I need to get that when
your friends are all hate beasts
we literally the same hoodie and same
bag put the shoes on put the shoes on
same no I don't have those I might buy
those today Frasier we could match my
hair race no oh oh my god guys I'm
slacking on the ice
yo whose freezer which side is freezer
me what do you want yeah yeah which one
which one 13 we have to see what forget
the IB stuff this $50 Reebok and turn
around what is that looks like fear of
God sneak by like that wolfy hot though
we'll see a link in description God is
showing my dad the whip because this
guy's been begging me all day to see it
Mon Mon let's see can you can you see
anything where are you beep the car I
can't even see you it says you have poor
connection thanks for the bike thanks
for later
it's naval needs oh I was supposed to
stay with me you hold on hold on I'll
give you a better view no no no
I can't do this I can't do this I can't
do this are you buying something today
no I brought me here yeah you robbed me
to the Gucci so I said yo let's go to
Stone Island I wanted to check out like
the new gear and like that always large
I think so that's I said and that all
the store that Gabe was on cheap but
then this guy and then races ice
motivated me to come here so no no
you're buying yeah I'm not buying
anything
Oh we'll see you bye all right guys well
Frasier is going on his st. LaRoche I
think this guy's buying some designer
stuff I need to calm down and just get
back to the basics like honestly
obviously rice is chained motivated me
to like go here but I'm just trying to
buy socks and honestly these socks like
the shades in this one store are getting
the ACE and their magic so I think I'm
gonna load up on socks cuz le changed me
to use and I got to go back to my basics
Ottawa wolfy is back yo I'm copping a
bunch of black soft gray socks checkered
pepper checkered white socks white or
white so White's over chicken net one
but worth is more well wait no come come
wait
I've never got so Eastover sarcoma like
kale these ones are loser dress socks we
just gotta get back to the basic baby
I'm low-key wearing Silvia socks right
now she's like a seven and a half
woman's more with other winter socks
chill chill
all right guys I guess it is what it is
just going off to hmm now are you
kidding me bro but I think after all the
things they said about black people
that's it bro
guys still supports hmm you told me
there's a take you long and I didn't
tell you I didn't tell you to break it
off and look at the red sweater
I plan oh my god are you come on bro
Jesus coolest monkey in the jungle face
ass yo you guys got this into Excel
that me supreme oh are you kidding me
are you one of these chill got some nice
sweaters got some nice sure it's got
some real fascia whoa whoa what are you
Jesus
twins yo even at the same pants same
shoes same bag same is that wolfy wolfy
Frazier
no it's wolfy Frazier I can't tell man I
can't tell I can't tell him so okay guys
so he just got home from the mall and
honestly one of the worst possible
things that could ever happen to a human
being has happened to me just now I was
been watching all my boys snapchats and
I didn't think it was gonna happen to me
but yo that chat you need to talk for a
second
if I turn auto-updates of any app on my
phone off it means I don't want the app
to update so then tell me why I go on
snapchat today and I literally don't
even recognize the app I thought i
misclicked on some random app cuz it's
not snapchat I don't know what the fuck
happened but all I know is that it
happened for like two hours and then it
went back to the old snapchat so right
now it's toying with me and obviously I
mean if snapchat literally forces us to
switch then we're gonna have to switch
that's what Facebook did way back in the
day and I got used to it but this is
such a drastic change like only you know
what a few stories everyone's story
views are down this is freaking me out
you guys need to go add me on snapchat
right now wolf your apps or just the
wolf emoji because I'm freaking out my
snapshots out doing the same so screw
you snapchat for doing that you make me
depressed and now my whole nights room
because my snapchat is different I
actually just got joking guys but you
know I think I might work on this diss
track a little bit more tonight the beat
is literally always the hardest thing to
find so that's what I'm working on as
soon as we get the proper beat
everything should be good but I'm in the
writing mood which means I'm in this
mood
it's a W mood aka the wolfy mood okay my
twists are still freaking lit right now
but yo got the ring light in here so the
lights good but
one thing I need for my writing to be
good and I don't know if this is because
I have OCD or because I'm literally a
psycho but my room is a friggin mess
like this bed needs to get clean the
sheets do to get clean I need to do
laundry because everything is all over
the place and when I'm in a dirty
environment my brain does not think it's
just cluttered so I'm gonna clean my
room I'm gonna show you guys a before
and after because I'm teaching you guys
to do good things this is literally like
what the room looks like guys like no
joke it's ducky got dirty T WAP laying
on the ground clothes over here you
stroke game
Omar's doing some music video Ryan's I
don't even know where eyes do that but
yo just know that this is probably gonna
be two hours but yo let me just actually
hold up I think if I just clean off the
lens right here okay here we go oh whoa
whoa whoa whoa
why is everything super clean why is the
bed clean why is there no dirty clothes
here why is all my clothes put up hats
organized folded hamper there oh my god
guys all you gonna do if your room is
ever clean just wipe over it and then it
should magically clean and I mean I even
showered know your boys fresh now I feel
like the rioting spirit is way better
for me now so we're gonna get back to
work I'll see you guys tomorrow
all right good morning guys literally
just part the car down the road we are
getting breakfast today and today we're
having Shabbat oh my favorite
it's Chipotle literally we only have
Chipotle or tender greens I mean there's
a billion other foods but low-key tender
greens I actually feel healthy when I
eat and Chipotle I kind of feel healthy
too everything else like I just feel
Dookie so I'm probably gonna get this
and then I'm gonna go to that one
smoothie spot that I can love which is
called what's it called you know
I don't know what it's gone other day I
can't remember the name but yo if they
have the best PB and H to me so how's
like peanut butter in it the other than
that it's just like fresh fruits couple
of veggies it's H worthy but for now
Sylvia's own for today's on world
Beyonce's merch on
Jia's merch line Ivy Park Louis Vuitton
bag definitely concave eyes where's my
Fendi bag
guys what's important is these Wow as if
we're doing this again right now hey out
here eating bowls and she like come on
he told ya it was a water thing there's
a water team
I came to Chipotle because I like the
water let's see you got a Krispy Kreme
and sign on your head crew blows air
what does that mean allow you to do your
are you kidding me you're eating a
hotdog - Wow that's Haram scratch the
smoothie place we're gonna go stop at
Stone Island first which is like a
friggin branded rake rocks a lot so
obviously we got a rocket but you know
someone tell me why la parking is the
most complicated I've ever seen in my
life I showed you in a vlog before about
this but yo this take in how many things
there is that you have to consider 10
a.m. to 12 noon Monday street-cleaning
can't park there
6 p.m. to 8 a.m. can't park overnight
what Annie I'm 6 p.m. we're good so long
together District 41 permit exam what
what what we don't have that what does
that mean I think I think maybe you
could park longer than 2 hours if you
have a permit yeah but what about this
sign right here oh that little sign
right there that says no parking oh my
god we don't listen guys but you know
what those simplistic Stone Island
colors of the logo god these shorts are
actually dumb I'm aged know no swimming
wolf is aged
swimming off you might have to come I
don't want a dead no bead I don't want
to sort I think there's many were in the
music video the one that changes with
color Ryan out here finding is can
jacket unstressed I did not find
something in my size yet guys I'm too
big one but you know this is hard yo we
made it here honestly guys I thought
this is a broken down in place it just
has a little fine here then there's a
basketball net force ways tetherball
I mean I think that's close here someone
was like a full court yeah they they
didn't expect people to come here but
let's go on over Oh Gabe Gabe told me to
come here so in his French accent he's
like there's a pop-up shop in La
anywhere
it's a little bit yeah yeah yeah this is
definitely questionable but he has one
shirt that I like of his so I mean oh
what oh no no no no game I'm aged if
it's a double XL bro no no give give
give you got me bro
I'm sorry bro I had to do it to you this
is exactly the game sure it is
yes I'm now a skater because apparently
this is like a skater brand but yo they
actually do have nice skin colors and
they actually have my size I feel like
skaters we're oversight to and they
still have my size I don't really know
too many people that wear coats in
California but Ryan seemed to find the
perfect location to wear a freaking coat
I got Sylvia to take the photo of them
because you know the boy is not feeling
too well I'm not gonna take this photo
but you know keep the background
literally we got back just in time for
sunset now let's watch it lights can
take a photo pose number one pose number
two that's a pose number three pose
number four pose number five now we got
a review after five every time five is
good
let's see Ryan's reaction I don't think
he's too content with these photos maybe
we have to do a few more
yeah just like one more he doesn't like
the way his face looks and he's like
yeah can you just get little more the
background okay it pose number six let's
get it up we're switching to portrait
mode chin up goon pose number seven
hands in pockets let's get it all right
and now I'm gonna look off into the
distance pose number eight review and I
think this is the one that's it fail why
what do you mean it's like did you fly
okay guys so we're back at the crib now
dark outside but now is the time you've
been waiting for literally I don't
remember the last time than me over and
right I've done like a challenge
together but one of the challenges I
always like to do with these guys
is a try not to sing a long challenge or
if you rap you lose because all of us
are really into rap music we listen to a
lot of music and all of us like to sing
a lot I'm singing along so it's really
like a struggle for me to do this
challenge but I want you guys to play
along at home to see if you can beat me
I'm really good at winning challenges
though however so there's two videos
that I
in front of me one of them's like a try
not to sing along challenges 35 minutes
I don't think we're gonna do it remotely
anything close to that and then we got
it if you rap you lose it's a recent one
and it has 14 million views in like two
months so I'm assuming it's all the most
popular songs and I am the type of guy
to listen to all the most popular songs
so Omar are you ready yeah Ryan you
ready all right Ryan's getting food but
yo let's get it okay I got the boys with
me it's good okay we're starting off I'm
not really gonna explain the rules you
guys know it but to you guys I'll
explain the rules no singing no lip
singing no dancing no mumbling no
humming and all right so here we go
without further ado your opulence this
is actually smash like 1 3 2 1
please
in my bank account
yeah we're in the car okay so you can't
say
Oh Sylvia locks on themselves all white
girls out on this one honey be honest
I feel like if I was like drinking or on
wine or some clowns
I'd be singer but like because I'm sober
too easy I feel like we need to step it
up a bit I'm gonna skip to one minute
and about two minutes and 38 seconds I
see Kodak black so I'm clicking it let's
go Oh Michelle so whatever you're doing
after this video they should go click
the link in the description find me and
comment down below when I'm in it I'm
actually in it for like point two
seconds and I help produce it he
directed his director so smash the like
button on that video because I got a
support then hit it one time um King
spot a big no no no you see didn't get
back to the chest
the only songs like this actually pick
all men to the end I'm gonna go off this
video right now literally I gotta go to
the next one and we're gonna take this
time all right guys so now we're moving
on to we're gonna try not to sing along
challenge this is a 35 minute challenge
we're gonna do the first minute or so
yes clearly the rapping is honestly
eylandt my time is almost up with you
all right Amy for 10 days per vlogger
you know here we go guys smash the like
button because we actually beat the
challenge so hard let's start it up
those house drops are like impossible
not to dance to and ours like papa okay
guys I love you guys
we're gonna do a few more songs though
all I really wanted to see the action of
a song I loved him
ooh a Georgia line you're right you know
this challenge is oh literally like it's
getting worse and worse
that's what the thing is like I'll have
to save all these challenges
no these videos I guarantee they
probably have like 30 40 50 billion
views but I don't know how I haven't
heard them I'm just on the hip-hop
playlist I'm not in tune with the top 40
anymore I'm not gonna lie guys I listen
to a lot of Grande no but seriously guys
please someone send me a link in the
description or tweet at me - yeah
preferably tweet dota 2 link in the
description I want - Tweety at me and
while you're there follow me I love Li
wraps because guys I literally need a
compilation that I can lose too because
this is too fuckin easy obviously
shoutout to my two boys not Jamari buds
Christopher lemon yeah I appreciate them
to be in my video you'll find them link
in the description guys
I love people he gives the Scott you
cannot subscribe I don't care because I
want I'm happy shout on my dog ain't
family awesome approval like yo I didn't
see guys like I just have the most
beautiful wife and daughter so that's
also shut it - my boy what's your name
oh my oh why you lying bro oh no come on
bro
this guy's lying like Kassem G your back
yeah come on counting God gossip G
Liggins
shut up my dog DDG big Rolly on my
niggas guys so I'm gonna end the vlog
over here I need to get some sleep know
if you guys enjoyed the video do not
forget to go down to my leg but unless
at 35,000 if you like to like the videos
man come on side
what girl you want them to come on
