good morning a yo what's good at your
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie guys
you know those Twitter means where it's
like logs on Twitter and then you see a
picture and then it's just a mouse
watching traction to the door this is
when I started my day scene go on
Twitter for two seconds and people are
making Shushi which is sushi shoe art
look at this like stop with the details
forgive me what it is like enemies
please and then we got more shoes over
here some Nike so what I'm starting my
day off looking at on Twitter right now
guys I just I don't even know but I hope
you guys are having a blessed day you
already know what it is
turn up season is real it's banger
season today we are filming I think a
video for Dustin's channel we did one
for my channel yesterday and the day
before stay tuned for that on the main
channel if you guys are enjoying this
video and by the way um just quickly
quick little intermission thank you for
the support on yesterday's video with
like the reacting to the songs the rap
songs you guys really liked it has a
bunch of likes so I'm challenging you
guys I want to hit 40,000 likes again
back to back no drink so go down smash
the like button with on smash early
today smash it with this finger okay
your little pinky finger Smasher with
that let's hit forty thousand likes and
let's film this intro let's get let's
let's get this intro you say it why say
it serially no no like you did badly no
I'll just say it like doesn't that do
not do I do it okay and stuff we start
the vlog and that's it give it a little
fam one some proper one yeah horrible oh
that's how we start the vlog Lionel your
turn Lionel here we go three two one wow
you got a nice one bro good job
alright is my sister who you sleep on
the couch have more expensive sunglasses
than me guys let me tell you a story
about these sunglasses these are Tom
Ford sunglasses okay you guys know Tom
for it is pretty expensive brand kinda
too small for my face I'll take them off
but my sister got these glasses and then
she locked them within ten minutes
they're like $600 sunglasses
she bought them locked them in like ten
minutes to an hour buying them and then
bought them again so that is the
definition of plague so don't ever play
yourself get free sunglasses by going on
Coachella trips and robbing them off the
wall that's how you that's how you do it
guys who bought this pineapple I did you
you bought it I did because if I bought
it I'm joking guys fruit ninja or we're
not doing that right now
psyche while we wait to film videos guys
we do marshmallow trick shots this is
going in between the dog cage right
there underhand throw here trick shot
got one more this time my coat is
blocking me we're still going to make
that nice defense Kafkaesque let's on I
slipped on the release one more here one
more I'm going in the dog cage this is
the overhand throw here that's a respect
you think I wouldn't catch that frisbee
toss left hand hit the light this from
cheese and that's where we end the game
actually one more one more
check the toe
okay wolf Sam I hate to do it to you but
you guys know that with every single
prank that I do and every single prank
that I help do it takes a long time okay
so basically right now I'm gonna have to
teleport to later in the day I'm
teleporting in the future okay no Phil
of the future but the next time you'll
see me it's probably gonna be dark
outside because right now I am headed to
go do a top-secret prank I don't want to
show you guys what I'm doing yet because
you guys will see it I don't want to
show my parents what I'm doing I don't
want to show algol what I'm doing I
don't want to show Sylvia Whoopi jr.
prints nobody can know what I'm doing
because if anybody knows what I'm doing
where I'm doing it it could give away a
lot of clues for my next couple cranks
up to come so I will see you guys it's
going to be like two seconds for you
guys but it's probably going to be like
four to five or six to seven hours for
me hopefully I still look this good in
like seven hours but watch this
teleportation journey
okay guys I wasn't lying to you
literally you look outside and I'll show
you that this is real life out here look
at this open this up it is pitch-black
out in this be app check that out
nighttime it has been a long day
literally we were out and about all day
doing stuff that I could not show on
camera you guys will know and you guys
will see why in a few days um but
basically what I wanted to do today was
something involving fidgets winners but
because I've been so out of it all day
today I pretty much brought everything
that I needed to my mom's house to do it
because you guys are really liking the
fidgets center videos but I forgot one
important part and that important part
was a fidget spinner okay you know one
of these things or these things these
things these things you think take one
of these look at it it's spinning right
now a fidget spinner one of these things
it's all my finger spinning yeet now
instead of the camera I forgot one of
those things
I didn't bring a fidget spinner even
though that's what I was planning to do
since I woke up this morning I don't
know how that just slipped my mind so I
thought what better thing to do then
look at what's popping on YouTube right
now because everybody knows $10,000.00
fidget spinner versus five cents Pitts
Pitts beginners
are doing really well so mom how are you
gonna get the abuse take your clothes
off no no we're not gonna do that
tell them how we're gonna get these
views oh yeah a physic better got
talking ten thousand you're done notice
all right did you make no sense if
fidget senator profit with the logic
it's good other business minute videos
are popping yes how do you get the views
it's ten L we need the views YouTube
Adsense is down the ads are leading
dollar picture spinner what yeah at end
up no but what do we do if we don't
personally have it paint it whole what
we don't have one we already produced no
we don't have one so how are you gonna
oh so then you don't give it up to watch
other people to just watch other people
who actually spent the money on it
but we don't have to spend the money on
salicylate hi guys this is a life hack
that not a lot of youtubers will tell
you when you want to do something cool
but you can't afford it and you don't
have access to it you can watch other
people do it and it's pretty much like
you're doing it and you're are to it you
know Wow Wow guys
enter my Amazon giftcard giveaway tell
us how this is an Amazon yes my Amazon
giveaway where did your coach answer my
card Kaiba winners please ah
guys you have to my hair who lays on
like button on this video comment down
below when you are done then my mom here
it is cookies and it actually is an
Amazon gift card there's so many of them
all you gotta do is like comment I'm
going to visit and anyways guys I found
out I found a video that apparently has
a fifteen thousand dollar fidgets dinner
which is expensive but I've spent a fair
amount of my stitches spinners so here
we go
me and my mom are exact even though she
doesn't know much about Israel so we'll
see how entertaining this is go get the
attention let's cool here we go biggest
spinner pressing play three two one go
oh my gosh this guy it has a worth being
a fidget spinner this thing is insane
rages video or
me why do you hide that you wanted it no
I'm probably a problem what do you know
our videos really hands where my videos
you're just gonna get bleep try it again
what Oh see oh now we hear that yeah
nothing Oh already did it
accompli poke do it again done yeah oh
oh oh it's bleep every time so yeah yeah
yeah holding your package cheese anyways
you got a video up here we go I think
that's what's wrong with you we joke be
going over deep top I rarest video
spinner what are we doing here for
watching the top to an egregious didn't
read a lab so what do I say specifically
she makes their own birthday Center they
took some cornstarch it sat on one
minute when t 7 seconds Chris with a
silicon stuff then you think of silicon
stuff pretty much from like any local
hardware stores they've been like a
Walmart maybe I wouldn't make a
difference cause my dad has an
importance just angle car can't be
talked to that you know you guys want to
put that into a mold and pretty much
mixes insane-looking fidgeted nothing is
a DIY Aurora you guys want green way to
make very good whatever makes you
whatever color that you guys want so
anyway we're going to show you the trick
refuted okay this one is too cheap room
I want to go to number four 1604 a
Rubik's Cube actually made up a Rubik's
Cube well then I guess I'm sure skip
ahead remember is the put stickers on it
which I get your so because these things
are insanely hard to find this one's way
you know means I'm going to find a
Rubik's Cube page banner going but if I
store tomorrow to buy
bearings and making a fidget spinner out
of a Rubik's Cube how are you doing I
might I might hit the light one I'll do
it that's amazing factor being you're no
one's really going to make them other
than the people who actually want them
to casually like this fish spinner hi hi
fish go up and go make your own you want
on guys I'll be our I just recently
built this it's been a really cute I
want to be a spring dog kind of hard to
get it to spin for more than five
seconds I have
traveling twice so we need those looks
very generic offense we go very rare and
pretty expensive as well but that's
actually one of one super rare skill
cleavage spinner would have you want it
already uniform you Explorer for auction
but it's actually made for a good little
girl who has brain cancer so there was
like read this is not garbage ha ha ha I
like you argument yes I was like I
thought I was like this one's garbage
cuz it's so small like yeah they're like
this is one of one and it's made sure
girl's brain like a brain tumor this one
I take back everything I said this one
if it has sentimental value then it's
wavy 80 money burn anyways who will have
a might donate you know go find me page
in down below in the description if you
guys want to go do that I'm actually
donating because I said something about
after where did he go fund me there's
guys tennis into this oh there it is
hatin games brain guys I will leave a
link to old 46 grand out of 50 year I
will leave a link to this in the
description of my video and you guys can
donate it is to Peyton's tumors are
growing and we have lost control of her
disease you know what because I was so
negative and I didn't know what it was
for we're donating
ok guys because I talk about that
fidget spinner your boy has donated a
hundred bucks so shout out to Peyton I
will leave a link to that in my
description as well because you guys
share the love I definitely did not mean
to touch it about that for dinner
anyways we'll just we'll just move on
from this one but rare because not a lot
of people of you know going to make a
fish center out of titanium know what
this can't - how much is that a tomato
my goals like ADHD and stuff is actually
making it specific because it's not you
know just how about that one this one is
honestly Larry is clearly on the waiting
list the body whenever a tea tour
internet cuz you get a you buy another
one I don't mind this one on is mean to
David Spade
this one doesn't work now your work it
loose fitting just okay I want to see
the most expensive one using to you but
people actually go ahead okay you know
this one is actually okay actually
receive the game package I wanted this
guy have a YouTube play button with DIY
it's my mega drain one okay so not one
their video quality so this is guy only
has bill you know this is the only
pitchman in entire world and guy nice or
the to which you played by it what a
pretty girl at the authorities what are
you doing making me one day in the
iPhone I like all those missionaries
that he had put a gun belong
descriptions I can check out okay yeah
this one's really cool for sure and
that's been nice too awesome so it's a
hundred thousand subscriber play button
like was getting a little bit ahead of
itself congratulation I'm a strong
believer in delayed gratification so Sam
won't play with that until I hit 100,000
subscribers okay I can do that can I do
that every once in a moment that you
learn when you for this warping spinner
on a widget your fader enter you know
that's what if you get them to work over
here now ready what you will show
together is on names you've been a
regular camera I'm not I'm just your
voice with records already is gonna take
some sir job goes to a frigid winter
going and get your fed to spinner 30
frames per second composition he is
gonna do that no it's like the water
kryptonite at your camera if you never
want to read your mind yes they're in
really good go keen BB no no hold on
skip dozen and I do it today if you get
this point and yellow all right
is that it so there's no $15,000 frigate
spinner that but if you google oh thank
you can see if you google $15,000 digit
spinner let's see if it exists shouldn't
be able to put things in title that
aren't real yeah yeah that's why YouTube
welcome it doesn't even exist guys there
is no such thing but I even won
technically if you took diamonds let's
say you put up like 10 pairs of my
easiest yeah on the video sooner then it
would technically be a legally on it why
you're looking at piercing 50,000 I so I
guess tell me I have like a you guys
learn now the tricks and tips of YouTube
with my mom you learned you know that
you know the quick email the clickbait
you know how YouTube works now just
literally put your earrings on on a
frigid winter and it's 15 grand that's
how it works
yep do they have to stick to the fidgets
spinner this this dry father that I have
on right now could be considered if
$10,000 water look at this one hi it's
Vince
don't do that break the camera so guys
moral of the story and we didn't do
anything today and my mom doesn't know
anything either because our video is
broken
anyway it's your job make sure it's oh
okay well will you feel rejected second
so last night I stayed up until I think
five am watching Prison Break pretty
much power through three or four
episodes we have I think two more
episodes to catch up on until we are
fully caught up and then we have to
watch it live which is annoying because
I don't like waiting week and we get
week to watch these cliffhangers that
keep coming at you but I just got off
FaceTime with Ryan and jad and Sean the
boys are having a good time in Cancun I
think they come home tomorrow
no they fly home tomorrow but they might
be staying in Toronto like another night
but they literally just FaceTime me like
a full tour of the resort I saw
everything
it looks super lit I'm cheese I'm not
there to be honest because I just got
the weather over here and so in Amman
Jordan prison break but it is what it is
me and Sophia I've got to finish there
at the prison break I think two episodes
two or three two episodes left so that
we can be back on track so like I
already told you guys sorry about the
shorter vlog today because we had to do
a bunch of behind the scenes stuff but I
hope you guys are excited for tomorrow's
vlog I will make it super late I already
have the idea I cannot mess up
tomorrow's idea twice in a row so so
much like wonder if you're excited for
that that's hit 35,000 likes comment
down below it's lit okay just it's lit
i.t apostrophe s lik li P because it's
always lit pranks comment until it just
lit and I will see you guys soon on
mobile to where we say a little bit like
princess little bit more times on my
channel and as always stay savage metal
