good morning wolf am with power
pinchable wolfy I hope you guys are
having a blessed day and I hope wherever
you guys live it is better weather than
where it is right now because this is
like the fourth day in a row where it is
just raining beyond belief I swear
hasn't stopped raining yesterday on
Twitter I was looking there was a flood
in Ottawa where I live I'm pretty sure
there was like some Loki floods in
Toronto Sylvia was in New York in the
morning and she said it was raining
there so I guess it's raining all over
the world right now but yeah we're still
going to keep positive and we are going
to make this vlog as much as possible so
go down smash that like button with your
forehead this time not with your elbow
okay knowledge your nose your forehead
you guys have five seconds to do it five
four three two one comment down below if
you did it but right now we're literally
pulled up I know if you guys can see
that but we are like right beside
McDonald I got some sort of notice to
pick up I guess it's like some mail that
I ordered I ordered so many things that
I don't even know what it is and it told
me to come here this is the exact
location and the location I'm at right
now is just like in the middle of a
parking lot like this place is not it
doesn't exist so I just looked up online
and there's like another location that
might work for like this specific
pick-up services or something I don't
even know how it works but I'm going to
pull into like the movie theater which
is like just around the corner and
they're supposed to be like designated
parking spots and then once you get your
parking spot someone's supposed to bring
the package out I don't know if someone
wrote that email as a complete troll
because that makes no sense to me I've
never had to do this and I've ordered a
lot of stuff in my life so you know what
we're just going to put the car in
reverse make sure there's no one behind
me check all angles guys driving so
we'll see here you're learning a driving
instructor and watching a vlog and we
are just going to pull across the mall
to see what's popping over there so I
just pulled up to the next parking lot
and there is a guy well this guy might
be him he is no he's walking into that
car I don't think he's dropping any
package off for me okay this place does
not exist literally my nose itching I
just I can't even do this right now like
I looked it up on Google face is
non-existent I might just wet my
packages will never come to me do not
stress we found it boys and girls right
here I swear it's a temporary location
but this is the spot and it says it's
open so your boy is going to pick up the
package we tripped over enough I was
about to call my mom
or dick this is so low-key but on the
forum so we're good guys you can tell
this is temporary because I don't think
there's much in here to be honest I
think I got my package right now
so we Gucci there's nothing better than
getting my package but not only getting
my package like getting free spaghetti
at the same time fuckity your boy got
free pasta too like you're drinking a
free pass now I'm like weird talk to me
I'm gonna cook it tonight give it to
Silvia she'll make me the nicest faster
so we are one thing down out of a
hundred things on today took us longer
than expected I drop to drop the cash
back ok guys so it was recently brought
to my attention that there's this new
challenge um the finebros did it told
you to link to their video in the
description but basically you know you
don't know you'll see don't look at this
laptop you guys know I love to try not
to challenges ok I've done that every
try not to basically in existence Silvia
dating or Instagram photos any attention
and it's pay attention in it so today's
challenge is a try not to get mad
challenge which is very hard for me
because nobody gets not easily yeah and
I get mad very easily you guys don't
know how about I get cuz I'm the true
Savage so it's kind of like a bit of a
try not to cringe challenge like cuz you
cringe it's something and then you could
potentially get mad and like I try not
to actually know try not to flinch no
it's mainly like a try not to courage ok
because you can change it to the point
where like why would somebody just get
mad really if I mean bad it's like
annoying - it's like why would somebody
do that are you gonna listen to me or
what yeah I asked mother nice
yeah hold out one thing you get mad at
when your phones out I need a post day
Hey five minutes won't make it different
so I'm already mad you have any
incentive challenge yet but I would vote
to throw Silvia's a lot of times I roll
my eyes in this video okay amazing I
love to roll my eyes so basically
there's a few videos I don't really know
all the rules but basically you guys
should play along at home comment down
below if you pass the challenge you
can't get mad you can't get annoyed if
you speak out loud especially if you're
by yourself in a room yelling that guy's
an idiot that counts you lost
whoever gets more run has to do
something crazy today I don't know what
the punishment is
yet my blood I think so me is going to
lose so first video Bobby's taking a
video of me getting this pretty popcorn
out of the vending machine look at it
stud
what are you going to do get a recent
drop it on there see if it works
are you know what's gonna happen they're
both obviously I'm not going to get my
don't know who cares
you're wasting his money that that's one
you have to shake them sweet Bell and
just moving the machine higher than its
buck I'm not mad yet yet I'm on my way
to be annoyed if you buys another food
job he's like I might be mad please
gonna buy something else is an idiot
this is it about chicken bad for you
know you can tell just like this how
that one landed on engineers Lynch like
nothing else we need to do it again well
the only reason I'm not mad because
they're so happy doing it that's the
only reason of not that it's like kids
that want to age away so that places
money if they were just clueless and
they didn't know that why they kept
getting stuck I can only be pissed okay
I think I pass out I roll my eyes that
kind of a mess and I went like this so I
think I think we both get halfway
through that the challenge it's probably
pretty strict so honestly I'll take half
a happy note for that one and Sylvia she
rolled her eyes thing I don't ask for
everything goes alright then you get a
full point next video it's a gist again
Furio colles call it baby yeah check it
out
this is DJ's video you know what's
happening it's on a loop but I hate
these I always get jacks you got mad too
lot I know I hate because I always get
tricked my days on Twitter they're like
wait for the glass to break and the guys
like hitting it for 10 years I still
watch it like 10 minutes i won
I didn't get mad at all just as soon as
I saw Mike gold around that side I was
like it's one of those drill gifts I'm
not gonna flinch I hate patrols the
world come on
yeah whatever tell you what I'm in
California baby no thank you but like I
don't need to see a pancake yeah doesn't
matter but now yeah you got one last
1.54 Silvius you doing bad I told Mary
matter if I got mad but like this one's
called Calgary's worst driver I before I
even watch this video I hate bad drivers
it's I hate bad drivers so dumb I like
music oh this is the person that really
can't get out of this cause no matter
what they're not even turning the video
how can you back I was just completely
straight like that
oh so that's one one kind of day it
really actually I'm probably going to
run into this point why are they going
back into the week actually hit the car
and they're coming back like nothing
else on my car B so what are they doing
listen Ryan screens on the phone already
probably the only reason is because I
can picture Ryan Smith that is Ryan in
the cart
what right all right we taught you what
are you doing bro I told you not any
hard right turns brown chill chill chill
no another parallel parking in there ha
ha ha ha no this is a parallel born the
person just came back who's in the
current idea hit their car if you can
assess what is the prison unit I'm not
no no no don't do it I'm actually
pulling that so yes mad I'm not mad
yeah guess watch watch this guy just
casually get out in one turn and he's
like yeah I'm out of me now watch his
little B Tizen web space now if he
doesn't hit everybody very little part
yeah I'm skipping it I'm jumping ahead
to the jump the two minutes and 14
seconds how did they get this footage is
hilarious haha how do you know that why
didn't you just go that way and now
there's another card here section I was
just offered to get him a fuck out that
one who did I think give you a cheese
buddy I got you with this prism still
watching scam scam no bleeding like I've
been watching you really claim in it you
got out they got it
congratulations
Silvia like again yeah what the heck I
did not lose that's hilarious that woman
came out like a kids gone on for too
long she was walking the whole time
she's probably ready to like help the
honey music and like just the music just
made me an act at least you know that
there they not a parallel heart because
we did it twice
the next one Indonesian baby on 20
cigarettes a day
man I hate why are you abusing the
children who's feeling really for you I
know that they are seen Isaiah so I'm
not gonna flinch what did you hear the
box of account I'll tell you that this
is how they are you wrong it's very
wrong but I can't get my because I've
seen the video already this is probably
like 20 now I don't even know he lives
this way looks like he hit a little even
getting sick because this guy has those
parents that just given to whatever he
says he has an addiction he didn't smoke
something is so casually as like
curriculum and then
and with that I can do owes top so
doesn't happen he's waiting in double
figure out wait a cigarette
what a modern one five dollars a day to
pay for the banks insist that his son is
filthy
okay that's that is where I'm at Houston
system I'll take an L on that don't tell
me your kids help you and your
four-year-old mechanic figure that's
buddy that's a joke
oh look at the dislike on this video
cheese - be selfless kids healthy music
clearly was like wow 27000 like
surprisingly a lot but 40,000 dislike so
this kids over I actually got mad I'll
take a point after that only because
that's like all my kids help you you
have to get mad when kids are obviously
being mistreated I mean okay Beth cron
machine oh yeah this is gonna make
trailer I feel like you you've probably
been this kid multiple times I guarantee
I already know what's happening so I
won't get mad pick it up internet it's
going to bring it to the top and then
it's gonna fall out of the closet yeah -
solid lens and obviously it's gonna make
us happy
that choir made me mad no thank you this
guy's going all the way I think he may
be really nervous what if you can
actually watch because that'll make me
mad you can actually do it here you go
commemoration and hit the top as soon as
it starts moving oh the poor kid oh say
I'm not mad
they rigged that you know my dad talked
buddy
that I thought I could flip out I didn't
think is good about so oh my god
congratulations you played yourself
really good it wasn't how to take me
then you played yourself
I don't like a citrus try it but he had
the right technique and everything and
then finally he thought is gonna get it
okay next one right so he got mad I saw
the title that's the love for her she
got rickrolled
okay that's enough for this one cuz I'm
trying to get copyright with Silvia lots
on that one and we got everyone knows
that okay that that's why I just what if
you ever even reckon roll that one plate
when you're trying to actually watch the
video match it comes up like this here
we go ready
102 second perfect this is why all my
makeup comes smashed up like all
completely powders here at give a late
whoa she has got a nice look at the
ratio she does not she had a long day
she's just getting rid of the smell but
wouldn't that make it hard on yourself
cuz like you have to go through a lot
like wow oh my god hey I'm not mad she
just ignores all the fragile this way up
thicker that's it
I'm not mad committed I find out if
you're live I'm coming I'm throw-in her
off a cliff Charles thank God that's why
I'm not matter I'm content because I
know one day I'll run into her now I
know what happens when FedEx gives me my
makeup package and all this smashed up
does that happen so often you laughing
she's laughing - I'm doing probably
she's like quitting later - the
Commission say I'm confident I'm
quitting ups should users and whether
commercial I'm gonna say I'm not mad
because I get all myself through ups so
Bennett go touch it really I usually a
FedEx yeah you get that okay I'm ready
man I don't like number one you mad then
I'm mad get mad what you got me mad man
with a Varma makeup comes messed up I
know it can work and the last one that
we'll be reacting to this is the one I
picked out because I know I don't think
I'll get mad at this one
just cuz I've seen this stuff before and
I can like train my hair you have but
don't be hot as a girl I think you're
gonna be mad is that sexist
no it's not sexist but meaning to come
here you're gonna you're gonna feel for
this one for sure the classic when a
girl who never came out of the gayatri
like buh-buh-buh-buh
are you crazy
hey I didn't think I'm gonna get mine
but I didn't know why she was gonna pull
after that I'm only mad because she was
like gonna rain sounds like you're gonna
do it then do it and the kid is probably
ten obviously you should be hitting a
girl but he hit her because she told him
to hit her and then she looks at her
boyfriend like like that it's like
that's the number that it's really mad I
was like a lot to talk about that - yeah
when you tell someone to do something
obviously he should have done it but
when you were in this country I slap you
slapped me then he slaps you and you're
like did you slap me it's like I don't
I'm not going to talk about it because
that's my feeling on it not everybody
follows the unwritten rule of never
punch a girl so no don't provoke guys
especially if you're talking to a ten
year old kid that clearly looks like you
/ it's over thank you got a nice board
oh my god anyways I actually got mad at
that one just because of the girl cheers
pissed me off but the guy shouldn't
appear nevertheless but now whole video
pissed me off so I don't know did you
guys get mad till you got mad
hey we lost the challenge guys violence
in general make me mad I'm gonna play my
game as soon as the boys get home I want
to play my game with Ryan because this
guy is gonna get he's gonna probably
punch a hole in the wall like and Dustin
- you guys they get mad at a lot of
stuff like this so hit the like button
if you want to do more of these and I
will find some crazy videos that I know
is gonna make their head go like box
all right peace so wolf em you know when
you're like listening to a song and you
don't know if it's like a banger or not
and it takes some like growing on you in
order for you to like that song okay
basically you guys know the song you
probably noticed on peekaboo if you
listen to friggin hip-hop and rap I
hated the song when I drop literally
like it came on like that that playlist
the friggin a list of hip-hop on Apple
music and I listened to it and I was
like this Punk's kind of wack then the
second time I heard it I was like this
sounds like kind of catchy and now it's
like every time I hear it up it's like
and then when the course comes the
course is the best part when we go
sucked in James I think it is way
Vosburgh that I really rate when the
verse comes on you got to put your hat
forward like this barely on your head
like this sometimes you just got that
like that hear your songs that our
frigging lettuce house and then when
your girlfriend takes forever to get a
package not a CL ahead of your Sally Q
disease of the Status body because and
then I double bag on your body you know
those so guys we have now been to the
FedEx place sylia still hasn't got her
Instagram picture up because she's been
taking forever
I've never seen a girl take so long on
how to post one is you can take I post
one I'm just like savages wear pink it's
the most thing like all the makeup right
escape thoughts judging it so it's been
two hours anyways guys so now we don't
know where we're going because I wanted
to go to that one jewelry store where I
got the ring from if I wanted to go see
that necklace again because I really
liked it
another necklace a chain and then we
checked online and it's closed right now
so it's closed it's raining and it's
Saturday which means the rest of these
stores closed early so so we also wanted
to go get a new lens for a camera can
get its clothes I need to move to Vegas
I need somewhere where every store like
every place restaurant other stuff is
open 24 hours a day because then that
would be like a city for me because I'm
up to like 4 a.m. every day I would love
that
so now we're just we're driving
aimlessly I haven't eaten yet 5 o'clock
another day in the life of Wolfie
alright guys so I want to ask you a
quick question basically we just got to
the mall but every time I come to the
mall or like I used to do this all the
time basically with like any of my
friends here we are on the top parking
lot I don't know how far of a drop it is
down to this to the lower parking lot
but
how many feet eating with those 25 each
10 like that's the size of a truck and
we are a little bit higher than that
pipe on the top of it I play it's like a
25-foot drop I always ask my friends if
they think you would break your legs or
anything if you dropped off this height
because I've seen some parkour guys like
do front flips off like buildings that
bigger than it and they're completely
fine if they roll and they land in the
proper technique so do you think that
you would break a leg jumping off this
building or if you would die I don't
think you would die but getting your
like break a boner so I personally
thought that I could jump off of it and
still be fine so that's my opinion on it
but comment down below if you think
you'd be fine
or if you think you break a leg because
I want to see the comments because like
every time I've asked someone they've
given me like a different sponsor like
oh they'll break their toes but not
their leg so comment down below what you
think the happen if you talk about
shopping goals take care guys
so mentally ill and shopping quick
little shopping trip for absolutely no
reason just because that's what we do in
boys so I picked up some zoo means lots
of summer gear guys I got new tank top
Silvia picked up some pants she got a
sweater and leggings but we both swagged
up
what is here as we already know what it
is
King Wolfie king savage wolf mmm yeah
yeah it's a picture the guys quit go
let's get it mom mom you go already
mom do you want free spaghetti do you
want spaghetti yes free spaghetti yeah I
got it
some somewhere okay here even Adam made
it on my fridge guys this is the one we
walked the dog that's him that's me and
that's Prince for the smaller ones it's
actually pretty good
yeah and like the bird rise Adam mad
scientist and here looking at your hip
nice people Adams hairs all over this
place he has no mouth on it was not a
mouse is on his shirt hey I don't mean
on the fridge guys great above this
prison right I don't know how many of
you guys have ever heard of the show
Prison Break with Michael Scofield but
yeah you know it is if there is one show
that I have fully watts in my entire
life I've never been a guy to finish
shows completely like finish seasons but
a few years back we got on Prison Break
really really late okay
got an extremely late and then I just
remember my whole family just sitting
down and pretty much powering through
two whole seasons in no time at all so
it is back it's already been on TV but I
don't watch things live okay I can't
keep up it just gets too intense I get
too busy so how many episodes are there
right now does it say it doesn't matter
we're watching the new season of Prison
Break super excited this on me and
Sylvia are ending off the night got will
CJ right here in this bi where you going
now he's running away to Prince Wow
we'll see you're depressing you guys
just saw that this guy ran away and when
this corner and Prince Prince is
grilling me from a distant Prince Prince
hello brands criticizes
hey bread oh thanks for blink my two
dogs hate my guts they're chillin in the
corner or we're trying to watch Prison
Break this
is finally a show that means so they can
watch together between these girls and
watching Jane the Virgin and all these
weird shows and I wasn't making fun of
her when she watched these Netflix shows
because like any time we eat or anything
like that so we always chooses to watch
some next Netflix show and like get
through power through these seasons when
she's putting on our makeup she does the
same thing me I always just go on
YouTube and I don't really watch Netflix
shows and I just scroll through the
YouTube videos so now you can both watch
some Prison Break guys comment down
below what is your favorite show of all
time
okay can you stop tomorrow okay turn off
me turn on the light I gotta end the
blog comment down below what is like the
greatest show of all time there's
probably going to be a bunch of friends
probably gonna be some survivor if you
guys maybe like Big Brother like suits I
don't know those are like just some
classic shows which one oh narcos narcos
okay no we actually finished narcos okay
I lied 10 seconds ago
narcos is the other only show that
actually finished from start to finish
but comment down below yours if you guys
say Prison Break then team Prison Break
whoa put a hashtag before yours and see
how many people you can get to like it
to see which team is the best hashtag
team and then your show but I'm hashtag
team Prison Break so you already know
today's also if you guys enjoyed the
vlog make sure to go down and smash that
like button let's hit thirty five
thousand likes on this vlog because we
love prison breaking we the vlogs are
lit I'll grow a little on my finger
prank comin to you and you know today's
don't worry about it and I will see you
guys soon on more Whoopi where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay sounds Lego
360s were wavy okay peace out
wolf Anne
