okay so for the next challenge basically
the first time we need this video there
wasn't too many challenges but I want to
bump it up a notch so there's two
challenges you can either do with these
cucumbers our bottle down do you
actually want to dantana good use for
all my wolf crap for that people it's
not from you got against innit water
came on my gut
nice I like one oh why is it Lee movie
wraps he doesn't even rap Wolfie fraps
I've never seen this guy rap spice name
hope your app will be rat gingers name
just be called Wolfie Wolfie rap I mean
the guy doesn't even rap Wolfie brats
haha you don't ride bro Wolfie brat when
you get a rapper
whoa whoa well guys I know a lot of you
guys have been waiting on this video
that's for sure hey you know what's good
it's your boy Wolfie welcome back to
more Wolfie today as you guys have seen
in the title I am going to be reacting
to some of my old rap songs and
explaining why I don't really rap that
much even though my name is Wolfie raps
technically even though I like to go by
King Wolfie Wolfie raps is the name that
I started with so I owe you guys an
explanation as to why there hasn't been
too much rap and to why there's been so
many DIYs and this and that experiments
pranks so on and so forth okay so fasten
your seat belts gonna be a bumpy ride
it's going to be lit today and like I
always tell you guys I want everybody
watching this video to go down and smash
that like button because this has been
so friggin long-awaited I want minimum
50,000 likes on this video just because
I got a lot of raps
that you guys haven't heard there is
some raps on the internet but there's
also some exclusive raps that just never
came out
I never recorded professionally or
anything so if you guys want to see more
of this and me reacting to my old raps
smash the like button
mm life and let's get into the video
okay so basically the name I've
explained in a bunch of videos but if
you guys haven't seen one of my old main
channel videos where I explained it or
I'm pretty sure I didn't explain it on
this channel like back in the day but
I'll give you guys another explanation
as to why the name came to be it's super
random I'm making a shirt as possible so
basically my sister went to a cottage
with her friend she came back with a cat
because we've always had cats I've never
been a dog guy until I have dogs myself
as Sylvia could she really want a dog
but she came back with a cat she called
it wolf the cat was cute as hell and I
was looking for a name just on YouTube
because I thought the name Charlie
wasn't good enough for some reason I
just didn't want to use my actual name
you know there's a lot of youtubers that
do it right now
for example Sylvia she diffuses her name
so I was just like y'all I want to
nickname I'm going to give myself a
nickname and I'm just going to make it
stick so as soon as she came back with
the cat wolf I was just like whoopee
like Wolfie sounds pretty good but like
it's not finished you know and at the
time back in the day I always just like
to rap like I've always been a fan of
rap music ever since I was little I've
been listening to rap music my favorite
pastime when i was little is just like
memorizing lyrics so like I'm pretty
good at memorizing lyrics of songs just
because I've been doing it since I was
friggin tiny so yeah I'm going on a
tangent but I call myself Wolfie Raskin
she's like you know Wolfie is a dope
nickname people can shout it it's called
Wolfie as simple as two syllables Wolfie
Wolfie Wolfie and raps because I mean
there's no really reason to raps but I
just enjoyed rapping so that's how the
name came to be I do have some raps on
the internet a bunch of privative and
you'll never find them so if you hit the
like button we can do a reaction of
those but there is some that I'm going
to be reacting to today and before I
react to this I just want to let you
guys know that I never claim to be the
best rapper I never really took rap
serious definitely not as serious as
I've been taking YouTube even though I
still joke around with YouTube I just
wrapped because I found it fun and
because I enjoyed rapping back in the
day I still enjoy rapping but I don't
have as much of a drive as I do for
YouTube so that's basically the reason
as to why I stopped rapping I just I've
been you tubing and rapping probably the
same amount of time but then YouTube
took off so I was just like you know
what I'm 100
and everything I do so I'm just going to
go full force in YouTube kind of put rap
on pause who knows maybe I'll rap in the
future if some opportunities come up but
for now it's YouTube I'm just going to
whip up when I try to one of the first
songs I think that I put on YouTube it's
called well it's Versace by drink amigos
so basically this is a remix that I did
and I did like even a music video to it
absolutely is calling me dragon anyway
Versace migos Drake my favorite rap is
like goofy type of raps not serious at
all let's just let's listen to the song
it's you I can remember the lyrics
Versace Versace I just want to explain
it but not really
jeez not really money I played the
changing hands amid bombs in in this
apartment I'm president baby nor was
kamek George Washington listen is
waiting are using to laugh and I coming
early on the mighty you copy me sat back
with a camera but it's led to the girl
can handle sing to the script I can
carry running game you'll catch playing
quick blow me out like a candle oh you
got a lambo doors on it rock mix with a
little Tom Ford on a clap real hard and
I give it all Courtney if you want to
talk to take my heart or dia oh my god
those were wavy lines I don't care what
anyone says take my heart soar dear
Katara Walt he was back in the day night
movie has been around since so long and
just some of those kinds Felix funny
itself I don't know how I came up with
those but I think this one pretty much
fluid really quick for me I wrote this
probably in like a day of just like
solid grinding and listening to the
instrumental on repeat repeat repeat
banger keep going especially with the
fact you met them with royalty things to
call the wolf animal
I wanna see my bear Osito you don't
leave a shuttle of rent I'll honor their
loyalty then you read it right you
dissin a path with your head to a toilet
seat God have you drilled Pilate she
rubbers my body I represent volatile
watching you jeez
turn over to a zombie so magic Wow
oh well you've got burned so I'm ration
my cash oh I just live at my dad's house
are you - look my dad touch I don't live
there anymore but Versace Versace
my name is Whoopi but call me to promise
me ask me how much money I'm holding my
fingers and bacon on batteries if you
make you more money than anything I want
to see a non-profit hand me the vodka
ticket the dog I'll stay in your brain
without of the botany this breaks my
favorite part of the song just because
this represents me in one sentence I'm
talking Italia Italia believe me I'm
cocky I've been caught a dog for soccer
I ain't got no rocky lesson about
Versace really mr. hidden property now
that I'm older I'm killing the game and
I'm doing it properly okay
that song was a classic wolfy rap song
probably one of my favorite songs like
today even though I don't really have
that many songs definitely one of the
most fun tracks to record and to film
because I remember being David I had
like two new shirts that I bought and I
thought they were so swaggy and we
literally went we just went on like a
few different roads and David just had
like his new glide cam so it was like
really stable and basically I just
wrapped each verse like probably like
four or five times and then combined it
it took like no time to edit so that was
just like throwback Wolfie it says I
drop this two years ago but I definitely
recorded this more than two years ago I
didn't put it on the internet for a
while so that song is lit
one whispers look at that bro I'm
talking in his on this earth and anyone
comes out out there I have the second
lecture in the Society for a kirisaki
for dinner without your lunch
come on I did look once don't disturb us
Rory nah man maybe you can meet another
awesome Larry go out lyrics done my God
God again no you messed up the lyrics I
wrote these friends bro nah man
maybe you will find me in a mom van with
a bond and we'll start a joke
friend in the middle of a mob ran holy
geez people Susan knows sorry you is all
mine during the rising hurts when you
tell me so much money
if issue between me and you buddy we got
a problem you got to solve it I got the
other the top homie that means you too
bottom this part all going to see to my
entire life is tricky for Saatchi
Campbell the man I'm rolling the dice on
a frame without yang di FF ER doc you're
a kid you can infect this victim by
pumping i'm certainty for sake and every
subject watch me hit classy classy
Charlie classy line and I'm rich so just
watch me goddamn so this just shows you
guys I've always liked shiny things I've
always liked gold I've always liked it
I've always been very cocky so I have
not changed so when people tell me that
I know you've changed bro you let's
money get to YouTube fame gets you it's
like me you didn't know me that because
I've always been an idiot
I've always liked bragging I've been
that guy at least I'm honest about the
fact that I am cocky because there's the
receipt rack and then there's one that I
don't think many of you guys would
listen to it all you probably don't even
know it exists
this one is called popular demand I
actually rate this one a lot this is one
of the ones I can listen to myself and
I'm like you know this is like pretty
good I auto-tune the hell out of it just
for for fun but here it is Oh
desert whatever girl cause I have a
sniper the party a little why don't we
have sex I don't have one is be for like
20 or 30 bucks but I keep rapping about
how I'm rich but I always a time capsule
running in and Wilson pull-up and a
minivan GG sensing wolfies every damn
and then she lied and got on a budget
Rogers office at mighty popular man with
only popular man
buddy popular man they are waiting on
this way to the 1/3 bad bitch in the
front seat come to Annabelle me go do an
imposing go Jules are plenty you know
the other night all children are placed
in the buscemi dangerous pain it up hang
it up the piper down butch it up where
burdock movie took through when they
stand right now movie scene while I
repairing I tear it down
then put the negative hammer about a the
ground in the cloud steady st force
we're about spread them out
little big moves better now I'm sure
we're going to stand right now I'm using
like a major knock up sick my phone is
busting that percussion when I'm
bothering you another subject ain't
nothing night morning you'll kick back
don't measure come to what I'm gonna do
hey to be the topic discussion something
kind of super goddamn I would not call
myself by any means a great or even a
good rapper but I have a lot of fun when
I'm rapping you guys know those ones I
make the move break the rules make
notice a cooling get the month I'm
dancing hollow floating against a
potluck in the nineteen my sanity elbow
back up in this party and you can hear
me in the background like one leg reason
I'm going in like
when you have to hear on background and
as inside of me
I think you stick your wrist and man
they know when i step into the spot
silence I just made the crowd start
brush it and they know no background
vocals later I'm expecting my dear young
Wolfie that's right she begin this
bridge I'm very proud of I'm just going
to appreciate this one this one is like
pretty clever if you think about the
lines are in today's big this all day
tags on my crock legs and I'm an insurer
you need a 12 way way way back my
sponsee I talk way too much but my
backup on always on privacy doorways as
I cook cook something
you all say people to hate the closet
I'm breaking that make my day for some
reason they want me now my heart talk a
keep me you know no words are better
using bacteria species gradually my the
Minotaur Jesus cousin they would
naturally be popular not gonna make like
a hot solution watching our binoculars
gawking at you watching her man I'll
have to talk to her
every day I'm going back
and don't wanna but I'm popular too man
why my own height man right now
literally I'm abs I'm home alone
Sylvia's gone in New York she's not home
yet the boys are gone and I'm listening
to my own tracks this hilarious cape we
will do a few more I'm so like the one
is called a popular man basically I'm
just talking about like how popular in a
man you know like people always want to
be around me people always want to be
chillin with me Terry Stotts when I walk
in the damn room you already know what
it is that's me being on my all time
high of being cocky but yeah that's the
way I felt that's longer than the
Versace one just talking about Versace
obviously there's a track called get
with you me and my brother are in it I
wrote the whole song and I gave him the
course cuz I can't really say for sure
but this one is like a slower song so
this was me trying to show like my first
two tality in the rap game because a lot
of rappers not to like pinpoint people
but like even in YouTube you have to be
versatile you got to do different styles
different things change it up every once
in a while when things are working just
like with rap unless your migos if you
make bangers all the time you can not
only make one style of rap even though
it's weird because a lot of rappers my
useless used to listen to only made like
one style around like speaker knockers I
know every word of every song speaker
knockers is lit um to losen others into
from back in the day I don't know I've
always just listen to like capsules
bangers obviously Travis not too pro God
but drink is the go no questions asked
anyways slow slow song Drake's really
good at doing billions of types of
routes by the way this is not as be
lucky I found this beat online even this
is slow Wolfie love you wo me just want
to throw the girls back in the day not
just go via box back of it holy
we never had anything Laster really good
we got to do it baby
are you beginning for something that you
can stop lately when I see you and the
Manzo's is on everybody's hair and your
voltage is my adderall don't be a shame
if you girl I want to change it I'm kind
of strange to you girl and I don't think
you really have with these foolish head
into the back of my head just take a
second not in China baby a big picture
it's not prioritizing look needless to
say I'm not afraid and I'm telling you
through this scripture they can take a
big leap in you look look look it's
gonna be the truck I'll be the catalyst
to be the soldier on the battle got down
we're sitting ducks and your hand is -
might wanna get the proper try again so
if I have to
not too tight the stutter whatever deep
nor my detector cover up my kids never
felt this way I'm feeling happy and I'm
ten driver weight away cross the border
around the bed see outer Sarah for a
minute open in my future career in it
minding my own business cookie push it
to the limit when I caught you staring
back to me smiles on my face my heart
racing like a Nazi this one's a banger I
love this much
I wanna get me baby yeah I can't think
that's my brother this food is no right
here I wish it was a little bit louder
face and then he comes in again yes I
will yeah so let's get with you that's a
slower track and then I'm going to show
you one more track actually one more
track because I want to see a bunch of
room for part 2 part 3 if you guys are
digging this here if you if you would
like this series by the way go down and
smash that like button this one is
called this day no and then there's
wrong I will show you raw so this song
is like basically like my one buddy
Felix made the beat
I heard the beat and I was like yo this
is disgusting bro let me spit something
on it young girl she was like yeah let
me spit something on it dawg and then
say yeah bro
and then he mastered it he didn't really
have any experience with mastering but
it still sounds like pretty clear yeah
basically just called raw yeah I called
it raw because I think the whole like
idea of this song was like there's a lot
of fake rappers but a lot of rappers off
with that but there's a lot of fake
rappers out there a lot of rappers
reputable that they don't actually
do that's why I always like to joke
around when I'm like I live in my dad's
house driving moms and stuff like that
stuff that's actually realistic
happening in my life so this one was
about just calling everybody out and
being absolutely raw on the track and I
guess young go see this is like I rapped
in a deeper voice so it's like changing
up the tone a bit changing up the mood
for sure
but this one is like a hundred percent
original this was a bang
and corn somebody
we'll remember it so well I probably
shot a music video and ever like nothing
came of it and I can figure out an
entity good but
and I coming up like
I'm back cheese on the old path rickety
back from the depths of the maketing map
compared to me cuz you are sittin scraps
if focus hocus pocus you won't seize the
don't say the right answer is named
Johnson equal C one two six one three
no that why change the place you would
turn around and go back
I need to look at something else in
addition got no money is with me again
car with no guys try to play with a
slope whipping a brick right and you
know gun on my head but I can't your
body is each other this this company to
our swag in it
boy I flipped on my break flick-flick
them love it Gucci antalya cheater nylon
7x over the supermarket here is a goal i
be a gated communities working on real
estate
I let the money through motivate Jackson
operate look at you thinking same
thing what's going wrong with it our
body is something they're trying to get
famous alienation of famous biggest I'm
here to change the payment I look like
for the alias bro I'm making name it I
can say that what I'm say my scraping
your fingers because you wore long
cavitate you crazy I think I'm gonna
main some young cats check payment come
on the a-list group got a rate and I
might make it I can say that what a
shame I feel great
they competed discussing one this week
how would you wrap it so much before or
is it the fact that he's breaking the
law or the effective efficient hire for
this job oh I'm home alone not like the
movies oh this they know come instead
tell me I get in my zone
I'm riding around with a tired out of my
lying around but that's why it sounds so
hot I want the tosspot slogans in my
truck pop I want to go put it into my
car partner please are you drinking too
much on my lines are top notch into the
top spot if you beat me or anyone I like
this plain cake I get what I want any
struggle for payday when I got the egg
cake it's free enough women screaming Oh
Mayday he's bending started pretty good
man look at my face face I'm ready for
playing baby business back in the day
wait no time for playing I'm only my
brother than you today is Sabrina
dimension I'm cooking there thank you
but look at my ribbons up like my apron
jeez but it basic send me that my family
be taken up system I'm asleep while you
pick it up say it again if the
reanimation so that is a rock I was
pretty mad on that one as you guys can
see I was in a bad mood a lot of fake
people in this world a lot of fake
people that I know that are trying to
flex but don't really have anything so I
just felt the need to instead of just
like rant on a sub tweet or on a
facebook status like a lot of people do
you got to express your feelings through
the music
so that's raw I did the other ones that
is all I'm going to do for today there's
a bunch more like private addresses that
I could react to if you guys wanted to
see that all you got to do is smash the
like button 850 thousand who knows I
might even make one of those videos
public again so that you guys can find
them because a lot of stuff you're just
not gonna be able to find probably you
can't find it there's also raps that I
have because I've been saving my notes
for like ever on this phone so I have
raps probably like 30 or like 25 raps
that I never even like recorded that
were just on my phone like a lot of
different ideas and I will say one more
time I don't claim to be a good rapper I
don't claim to be the greatest rapper of
all time that's not why I rap I used to
rap because it's fun and you guys
it is fun for you they're just a hobby
so again I hope you guys enjoyed and I
need to stop hating myself up because I
think I'll just go crazy cuz Sylvia's
out here I need you guys to comment down
below won't be wrapped your comment
wolfy raps as many times as you can and
I'll be replying to a bunch of you guys
that comment that and that's it for
today I will see you guys soon on Laurel
wolfy where we say just a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage now go oh
