good morning ayo let's get at you boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy we are
starting the day off I just picked up
some supplies we're doing a giveaway
soon so stay tuned for that smash the
like button if you guys want more
giveaways in the future and if you want
to 5 20 bucks on the ground because you
already know that is people tweeted at
me today they found money just from
smashing the like button some guy I
found like 20 bucks another guy found 25
bucks so yeah more good luck you already
know what it is I just stopped at a
place called La Bottega Dustin vouch for
it that's the only reason I went they
sell sandwiches so I'm gonna do like a
little bit of like an Italian sandwich
taste test because it's Italian as hell
I got like prosciutto and then some
other meat and then a bunch of toppings
so right now we're just driving back to
the hood and let's try the sandwich oh
okay guys so I couldn't wait on getting
home to try out the sandwich because I'm
starving but look at how thick this
thing is meat and on meat on meat so
here's the taste test
oh absolutely phenomenal lapis I got
sponsor me and one video filmed guys I'm
just being super productive honestly
boys I miss you but at the same time
when there's nobody here all I do is
film so this is blessed I'm getting lots
of bangers film for you guys to stay
tuned in the future there's going to be
a bunch of bangers we just finished
filming one for my channel and involved
a lot of danger and now I'm going to sit
here for two seconds but will feel if me
and them are filming lunch or Destin's
and then we're going to take like an
hour break and then film another one for
my channel and another one for Destin
channel so we're probably gonna be out
really late tonight nah we are we have
other locations that we're going to mom
so worried about where's Prince Prince
was upstairs with my sister wolfies down
here causing a ruckus but I don't know
why for some reason I'm really craving a
blue Gatorade so might have to stops
only halfway and get a blue Gatorade so
we just pulled up to my old old
literally elementary school to destroy
some stuff for Dustin's video but I got
me in the reminiscing mood this is if
you guys know what Foursquare is boom
boom boom boom
I think this Foursquare and then there
was like one more over there or over
there that is where I spent a majority
of my childhood we even had to check
this out hopscotch hopscotch was lit let
me do this real quick raindrop hopscotch
cheese cheese cheese cheese
oh I'm still late guys we had hopscotch
we had the shitty walls for wall ball or
purple D basically threw a ball off this
wall I'm going to deflect it in every
nine directions because these are like
what is hexagons or some stuff I don't
know we didn't have flat walls so we
couldn't play that and then what else
over here with these poles you had
tetherball I was the tetherball god on
this court we only had balls on this one
in this one these two these three then
have it and then one more thing to
mention which breaks my heart to see
literally the whole play structure the
playground they took down I didn't know
they did that so that whole like bin of
sand I've dug so many holes in I found
all this clay so I found my first clay
it just ruined they took it down they
took down old rusty no recess but yeah
we got to get so many Dustin's video
before the Sun Goes Down and it is
shining bright so it is optimal to film
right now I Ryan are you ready for a
dunk off buddy because you can't dunk
without a trampoline
look at the men on your head but I could
give you some power to your riding one
more backwards alert - fuck off
guys I got a FaceTime my boyfriend he's
in Cancun and he keeps calling me so I
feel Orion's raise once y'all blogging
so don't say anything crazy - say hi to
the vlog say hi to the vlog okay okay
guys top classified information I'll be
back when you're filming four videos in
a day you're gonna need at least one
maybe two maybe three Red Bulls so guys
as you know Sylvia is away right now
basically I'm driving my mom's car but I
thought of a really good way to mess
with her because the girl really loves
her car she just got a pretty new car
actually brand new car but she got a few
months ago
it drives amazing it looks amazing so I
thought why not screw around with her
event she's not home right now so I'm
gonna go take a picture of her car and
I'm a Photoshop gun so I'm going to go
to my mom's house where my computer is
Photoshop that the window was broken on
the car and then send her that picture
while I face timer and try and convince
her that someone broke into her car
there's no reason to do it I just feel
like messing with someone right now
because I'm in the video shooting mode
so right now the first thing I need to
do is take a pic so I can see her car
right now I'm going to take a fresh
little picture of the window get it from
a little further back like so that
should be good so we got to be super
low-key but I just took the pictures
were sneaking back we're sneaking back
in the car I think any one sauce doesn't
matter she's gonna get here so guys this
is a picture I think I'm going to go
with basically if there's just like a
little bit of the bottom of the car you
can see and a little bit of the top of
the car you can see I want to try and
make it believable so I'm just gonna be
like yeah I I drove up saw that and then
it immediately drove to my parents house
and then fill in the cops or something I
don't even know what I'm gonna say now I
just whipped up Photoshop and with this
I'm gonna do some magic
so guys basically I found three
different pictures that are like all
right on Google like broken glass
pictures this is what they look like I
am pretty sure I'm going to use number
one I think so here is number one right
here doesn't look too believable but out
of the three
options it looks the most believable
number two is this and number three is
this not any of them are really
believable but at a quick glance this
one might look like someone's trying to
break into her car so we're going to go
with number one and I just gotta save it
put it on my phone and then FaceTime
Sylvie I'd send it to her she's probably
going to be in the middle of a bunch of
stuff so she's probably not gonna be
fully paying attention hopefully that
makes it easier to believe I just want
to get some reaction out of her so smash
that like button right now we'll film
hopefully this works
okay guys time to FaceTime Sylvia the
car crack looks so like unrealistic now
that like I sent myself the image and
then it shrunk down in size and
everything so ready to give it a go
let's see my acting skills I'm pretty
good lie everything what are you doing
hmm I think I think somebody tried like
keying your car or something I got at
yeah like there's like a scratching
there was like some shit on the window
like when I drove by the house I saw it
like it on the window so then I just
drove to my parents house and I emailed
the landlord to see if like there's any
cameras that caught me think yeah I took
a picture I'll send you the picture okay
like I was driving me and Dustin were
filming like two hours ago and then on
the way back
I took a picture one sec but yeah I
messaged the landlord to see if this
camera there anything attached whatever
why what the window okay oh you are you
just literally like so I just
why do you why they always worried about
that shit why'd you feel sick to your
stomach like these ironic I don't know I
just thought don't need some piece of
shit you I mean I thought my carny
ruined not print yeah I know
what are you doing though okay guys next
time we'll have to just we'll play it
off a little longer but I feel bad I spy
with my little eye more heads really
razor-sharp heads for a bow and arrow
because we later broke the other ones
might something might happen to the
video so we're picking up some more
arrowheads just tonight we're going to
need extra sharp ones and these things
are surgical stupid sharp ridiculously
sure are we hunters know are we
youtubers yes we are youtubers and we
used on our guys this is the most savage
thing I've ever seen
they sell seasoning for fish right
beside the fishing gear and right beside
the hunting gear so what do I want to
have tonight not just a fish that I
murdered what my Italian seasoning and
Cajun seasoning fish Oz whose man is
this this marketing master right here
I've never been so tired in my life
literally just pulled up to the gym pull
up to the gym got a strip and let's just
say we got propane
we got supplies on the front here it is
going to be one hell of a night
literally wolfy jr. thanks for showing
up and supporting us we appreciate it we
are going to have to take you home
because too dangerous out here you can't
film with us you can't film with us
wolfy
he's crying is weak where is everyone
good boy okay wolf Sam so I just got
back to the gym I had to finish up
picking up some last-minute supplies but
I'm going to end the vlog here because
tonight is going to be a really rough
night we have so many things and we're
starting super late so I'm not trying to
be up till 9 a.m. to be honest but we
might end up staying up till 9 a.m.
regardless or as I say that or not just
to be honest I have to film a video and
Dustin a scintilla video and our videos
are not just like quick quick our film
sessions none not there hours and hours
and hours and hours of filming work
moving so on that note I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog if you did do not
forget to go down and smash
like button guys 35,000 is the goal and
I will do more videos in this location
right here this mystery locale that's
too much that's too much you guys can't
see it so smash the like button comment
down below
honestly that shows some love to my
parents Jim I want everybody in the
comment section to comment down below
cumin 2.0 human 2.0 ok human 2.0 you
already know what it is I'm sure you
guys know my parents on the gym so some
free promo for them you spell it like
this human 2.0 stable knees alert they
even got some fresh merch check it out
BAM okay more versatile frightened now
to be honest so comment down below and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we listen to the echo where we can
hear the echo stay a little bit more
savage to my my channel and as always
stay Savage I go do know
