ah just waking up guys good morning AO
with youtuber Wolfie welcome back to
more woofy today is a day i was supposed
to get this like two days ago
but the boys reminded me when we were
texting this morning because they're
going to wherever they're going for
vacation today and they're all like yeah
we're getting haircuts today so they can
look fresh all week on an all-inclusive
resort while I'm sucking raining out all
over here but my hair is at least gonna
look fresh though finally what came in
the mail
Moki guys don't know what this is it's
like a brand that sells battery packs
for like your phone so I ordered this
I'm tracking on it was just so weird for
some reason like I don't really know I
didn't know how to charge it cuz it in
tell me who was shipping which oh I just
had to wait patiently and I did this for
so long because I'm always on my phone
so I need that extra juice and I don't
just carry around the charger with me so
finally I came in today so I'm about to
unbox that but before I throw the blog I
want to see how many of you guys can hit
the like button in 10 seconds using your
elbow okay you have ten seconds starting
now boom use the timer the timer's right
in the freaking center of the screen ten
seconds of countdown 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2
1 Oh one guy missed okay we'll give you
five more seconds 5 4 3 2 1
okay comment down below if you actually
managed to hit the like button with your
elbow it's not just hit the like button
anyways is your thumb but I do we got
today
did it get the color that I wanted
because the color I wanted was pretty
extra oh yeah it's definitely the color
I wanted this is the case that I'm
wearing now on my rose gold friggin bone
everyone makes fun of me for having the
rose gold tone as it is but white and
now we're going we didn't buy her an
iPhone but we got the red case Mophie
Juice Pack err this thing didn't exist
like when I first bought my phone
because I didn't have charging cases for
7 pluses so I guess they're pretty
recent as you guys can see it can do a
bunch of stuff there's like a bunch of
different things and says hourly care
you guys are family so I'm not going
over detail but I yeah I guess what it
looks like read the case why they get
read who knows and it should just slide
over my iPhone if I take this case off
rose gold instructions we don't need
those crack this top off and slide my
phone
in smoothly oh my god there we go
and it just fits like that and then you
can turn it on I'm assuming so it has
one charge right now it's barely charged
right now and it's not charging my phone
for some reason um I don't read the
instruction okay so I got it working all
you have to do is just hold this button
it is that one out of like for power
percentage right now so they just made
me some peanut butter toast so I'm going
to do this I ain't gonna fix my damn
hair which has gotten out of control
drop these little guys off first before
I can do anything okay come on oh there
they go I could see my dad didn't pick
up the computer yet but I need this for
my computer and I know he's not going to
use it the monitors are set up here I
can see it's going to be in my old room
where it's meant to be there's been a
lot of videos edited in that corner
alone and then I move the computer there
at one point and I was lit - god damn
the memory okay guys so that movie case
that I just bought might be a flop only
because I just realized and I don't know
why didn't see this when I bought the
case but it doesn't like like the
regular case that I'm using right now
you can see that it can take the
Lightning extension okay the Lightning
extension is like this thing it's any
iPhone cord charger you guys know what
that is basically the case takes like a
microUSB cable so basically I can't plug
this in to listen to music in my car
it doesn't have an aux cord because it's
a seven plus and there's probably an
extension that they sell for it but I
mean I'm not trying to buy another cord
just for that purpose only
so I swear this is Apple strategy just
make you buy as many things as possible
even though I don't you know movies with
Apple but I'm just tired of buying
extensions for this dang phone okay guys
let me have a phone and use it take us
back to like just a regular aux cable
days that's all I want now not only is
there a lot of rain pouring down over
the car right now but there's literally
like close to no parking spots in this
whole parking lot oh it might have found
one okay it's a tight squeeze but we
like to push the limits on my channel
can we fit please
oh we're good now if only I could wipe
my hair off and it'd just be a nice cup
whew that was quick
geez shout out fades man for fucking you
boy I've gotten a nice outline I've
needed a haircut for so long I feel way
pressure there before so I'm not gonna
let this rain bring my mood down okay
great you're not bringing my mood down
you're not okay it knows now I just put
the rain in this place now time to go
get my coffee apparently there is this
new you guys know how there was just a
whole unicorn frappe phase okay well
apparently they just dropped this new
thing called the dragon Frappuccino and
apparently that thing is all the rate
has the kids these days would say so I
think I'm gonna try that out because
Yolo I didn't really get a chance to try
the unicorn tribe I had to make my own
and if the dragon frappe is not in then
I guess I'm gonna have to do the same
thing make my own but you guys know DIY
Wolfie always makes it better than here
it should hold right now I'm going to
the same Starbucks that makes my last
drink they DIY it so if they don't sell
it I'm going to try to make them to make
it for me again let's see how this goes
okay guys so I got the two cups were
basically you not the girl in here knows
the ingredients in the dragon frappe so
right now they're going to try and
concoct something together for me
hopefully it looks like the picture and
then if it doesn't I'm the DIY and make
it look even better than it could have
looked but not extra cost just in case
this one fails but they are working hard
right now to make me the best dragon
trap ever better than the unicorn one
hopefully though they didn't put my name
on the cup so oh my god okay guys so
basically I thought I was going to have
to DIY it for you but the girl in there
knew way too well how to make it if you
guys don't know how to make it first of
all this is what it looks like this is
what the dragon trap looks like okay
it's like whipped cream on top with some
berry on top some green some pink all
over the map this is the color of what
it's supposed to look like online so
honestly I'm pretty sure mine recently
closed so what is inside of this you
start with green tea frappuccino vanilla
bean powder swirl in some berry syrup I
think that might be it maybe like one
other thing but this is that dragon
Frappuccino from Starbucks
let's get it so here it is guys we don't
have to make it this time let us taste
what it tastes like apparently I saw
some reviews and it should be a little
it's our because I think the berry might
add to that but sweet at the same time
because the vanilla bean so it might
just be like the girl in the store said
the unicorn frappe was like a warhead
but she said this one's kind of similar
so first taste test here we go
Wow Oh almost choked you cannot really
explain what this tastes like
there is definitely the sweetness from
the vanilla but at the same time it's
like six different flavors are hitting
you in the mouth at once so there is
definitely some sour what is that is
that like the green tea mixing with the
vanilla like what is going on right here
I don't know what's going on in my mouth
but I really do like this this one is
way better in my opinion then the DIY
unicorn cafe that I made this way one of
those drinks that you don't know why you
like it but you do like it so I'm gonna
take this home and let Sylvia try some
before I like melts which means I got to
drive pretty quick don't you know
against a lot oh my god and see what she
thinks this is this is weird but it's so
good oh yeah and I picked up by white
chocolate mocha just because I didn't
know how that one was gonna taste so I
sell to get my caffeine and they never
spelled my name wrong I don't have that
problem guys charlie is a pretty common
name Charles is a pretty common name I
think so but let me know about you guys
what is your name comment it down below
and tell me if they get it right or if
they get it wrong when you go to
Starbucks because I know that's like a
meme everyone gets their name screwed up
when they go to Starbucks but me I have
that issue I wish they would I will see
sometimes but I mean I really am trying
target yo where are you
we're at the Plaza Oh
the place we usually go to the place we
used to usually went to yeah yeah just a
bit anything here okay when are you
going to be done that like an hour I
need you to taste that this dragon
frappe that I got that's gonna go cold
and it's gonna melt
I'll just come here in the nail salon
when you're getting your nose done
Carolina
all right okay okay right so you guys
heard Sylvia she is getting her nails
done right now but we are not going to
not go watch her taste it and at least
get a reaction from her so we're going
to tribe to where she's getting her
nails done and then for cedar while the
girls like friggin filing out her nails
and see what her thoughts are paste this
in it
green tea vanilla bean and like berry
actually good this explain the color I
mean in the flavor in kpop she no mixes
a bunch of random acts like purple stuff
so he's getting nails okay go okay you
can have it today actually so good it's
like sweet and sour and like it's a mix
of everything it ain't like a green tea
with a lot of vanilla in it and I don't
think I got enough of that Kingston yeah
so I didn't give it to Sylvia but now
she's an average I'm gonna go do my man
thing where you get your nails done not
a chance
hey I don't do it anymore guys my
addiction heat and I bite my nails
I don't know who the car dealership
thinks they are but they just put me
straight to voicemail when I tried to
call about getting my friggin summer
tires and getting my winter tires off so
i'ma pull up on them see if they put me
to voicemail then I probably not going
to put me to voicemail because I'm
pulling up on you real life yeah don't
kill me with this frickin pictures on my
Instagram I was looking through my
little sister's YouTube history and this
what I find
malee Perkinson Miley percocet valley
person moly / pre-cast my Lily frickin
said I don't know why I'm so funny to
remit that is hilarious
so on that note percocet Miley frickin
phantom freak offense
my only true content that was me so I
pulled up I got in the guy's face and he
told me he was just like you're on
Wolfram chill chill chill
so then he's like we can schedule in for
an appointment next week I'm cheap you
can't just pick up the tires and go
apparently like a after request in 48
hours so I'd have to request them and
then wait two days and then go and then
get them change with someone else so I'm
just going to get it all done here I'm
cheese
I just wanted the cricket tires but look
at how much it is raining right now the
sky is just pouring so much diggin rain
and guys I don't know why but for some
reason oh my god
the lens of 31 second lo keem I'm
getting a free car wash and my camera
okay I need if I need to roll these
windows up ASAP but low-key every time
it rains this hard all I can think of is
that you got served scene where the guys
dancing emotionally in the rain you guys
don't know what that is
it's super emotional you got served is
like one of the greatest movies of all
time you guys need to watch it no no
okay this weather is so dangerous
oh my god I'm literally driving in the
rain and this is the weather that likes
watches oh geez no no no no this is the
weather that has so much like deep
puddles on the side of the road and
everyone just like this person should
have an umbrella because if they don't
if they don't have a raincoat
pink one like you boy pink jacket game
then they're gonna get splash shock so
oh my god I suggest everyone ever
raincoat I literally just witnessed
somebody get destroyed with a tsunami so
I might hit someone though so I just got
home and now I am setting up me and
Sylvia about to shoot a video for mine
and her channel cuz she leaves so try to
counter this video before she leaves and
all I gotta say is you guys killed the
like button before so here we go are you
ready are you ready oh yeah yeah
not yet darling please benefit exposing
real Sylvia are you ready to play or not
I don't want to play this every game you
guys heard her she's ready she sounds so
excited to play it's ridiculous so I'm
just gonna get her light out we're using
your right
okay so we're using her like she's super
excited for me to use her like gonna
grab this light right here big LED light
bring it out here and then we should be
good to go I think the dogs right here
my sisters taking care the dogs so
they're not going to cause any ruckus
during up so many these lights are so
good at my house look at this tell me
how this light way over here turns on
that light the kitchen light and this
light turns on the light behind me and
this what is this ooh okay at least this
one kind of makes sense but this one
should be here the less I swear the
friggin whoever sells ice to this house
is a 1 1 okay guys so we just finished
shooting a video for my channel let's
just say me and Sylvia are not on
talking terms right now so all I gotta
say is expect that video coming out in
the near future you guys want to you
smash like button on more wolfies so we
had to give Wolfie raps ago geez what's
up I'm Thom saying just it's definitely
a relationship trust test ok guys you
guys play a whole bloody nada goes
well fam I'm starting to think that I am
a freak of nature because tell me how he
being that is six-foot-five and I wait
like over 200 and like 25 pounds tell me
how someone of that size can go in till
seven forty seven thirty eight you can
see it right there I'm not joking around
seven thirty eight seven 338 oh wow even
get back but how can I go to seven
thirty without pretty much eating
anything other than a sip of that dragon
Frappuccino that I had other than the
coffee that I had which is liquid all
I've eaten today and it's 738 okay was
those two little pieces of peanut butter
toast that's it okay no snacks no
nothing like I'm full of energy my
stomach still feels full I'm definitely
like my body is probably cringing on the
inside but all I really needed this Red
Bull to keep me going through the day I
just thought of some like genius idea I
might want to do like another prank
video so stay tuned for that guys all
I'm saying is everything is lining up
for me to be able to do another one of
those videos so just know in the future
that it's probably going to happen home
by the way guys right cave and I bought
new shoes again you know like the new
cream light easy that are out
I bought them I'm very excited because
those are going to be like probably my
summer cakes those and then the moon
rocks I'm low key turning into like the
biggest IDs on YouTube
but for now I'm going to wear the shoes
I didn't even want to begin with the
white nmds let's get it
so guys I'm scheming right now I'm up to
something I'm not going to show you what
I'm getting but just know that the main
channel prank is going to be popping I
didn't think I would buy so many
supplies today but this is what it is
they have it in somebody somebody you
know your prank is madness when you have
to go to two locations of the same place
just to get all the supplies you want I
don't know if it's just me with this
location Oh God the lenses what this
location seems a lot bigger than the
other locations close to my house so the
girl said I'll 85 I see it I feel like
we should be good here when you have to
buy a snack waiting for them to get out
all the supplies because you order so
many
relatable delicious I don't know if you
guys can guess the main Channel video we
just dropped but all I'm going to say is
this and this so let your mind wander
comment down below what you think we did
absolutely let's just say it was bad it
was bad tasting bad everything bad smell
my noses stuff now I'm headed home to go
see Sylvia cuz she leaves tomorrow
morning leaving the dogs here tonight
you know babysitter Mama's going off to
a I need to end by Claude Joe but if you
guys enjoyed the vlog yard you know what
it is go down and smash that like button
35 K actually you know what let's at 37
K for absolutely no reason just because
we are the light gang and we always like
before the video even start so 37k likes
comment down below what what do you want
him to get on my house what what you
can't talk on the fly give him credit
coming what you want Charles to do next
is dumb I sure you have a speech
impediment same yeah what else what do
you want to do that that's just so long
be playing this comment and then all the
comments to us what's left comment what
comment what let's see how many comments
or what we can get in a row yes you want
to go to comment not to let your
commenting what know what or cat but
more what and I will see you guys soon
on more will see where we stay a little
bit more savage in my mansion and as
always say it say savage get out of here
you're rude yeah I miss it see savage
Lego oh right
