good morning AO with Khadijah boy I
won't be welcome back to more Wolfie
guys today I got an exciting vlog for
you
I'm very amped your boys stayed up super
late last night I was up to like 8 a.m.
such a hey stop biting my bag the vlog
materials are in there Wolfie
top secret okay flop bite in the bank
break I was up till 8 a.m. I ended up
passing on it like eight and now it's
like two o'clock but I'm just starting
my day off and that's what I wake up to
I don't know if you guys can see but
it's wet everywhere
pretty much everywhere wet on the
balcony and these pumps in just still
there was my Halloween yesterday it was
super nice outside and today it's just
like now I'm gonna do some freezing rain
on you saw sigh okay it's all good I got
my paint jacket you guys already know
pink hot pink I even have my pink lip
chapped lip balm and we're going to
destroy some stuff today because I love
destroying stuff guys if you are excited
for today's vlog you already know I hope
you guys are having a great day go down
and smash that like button let's hit
35,000 likes for no reason but yeah
let's get into the day me and the
puppies are trying to kill time right
now we're just driving around because I
have to wait to meet my mom at the pet
store we're gonna go get dog food but I
have both dogs on my lap and these guys
are like cycling their positions every
so often Wolfie goes to look out the
window and I have to tell them down
Wolfie down then he squishes Prince and
it's like the same process a hundred
times over and over again so mom please
hurry I cannot do with these dogs right
now can't handle it we are such noob dog
owners like we should have just taught
the dog to sit on the passenger seat
from like day one and now when we go in
the car both of them have to be on my
lap otherwise here but like Wolfie will
cry and they won't be too happy so I
guess we played ourselves I don't care
what anybody says in the comments down
below you know I have to start on my
vlogs I'm always like smash the like
button and you're going to have good
luck today I smash my like button on all
my own videos and your boy just found 20
dollar bills on the ground in Walmart
but I'm a Good Samaritan so I give it
back to the cashier for absolutely no
reason I got my stuff
how's it going bro it's a six and you
already see wolf Sam in Ottawa what's up
next year take care bro
so yeah wolf mo here there's two more
wolf BAM oh my god guys it's crazy but
yeah 20 bucks in Walmart before I left
you guys want to be in the vlog of
course
hi Sonia bullshit how's it going okay
tell me you are this is the first time I
meet you but I'm Enzo my papers okay if
you go to McDonald's and say oh no my
friend I'll Drive by McDonald's quick
please you lose your friend because I'm
in a really big hurry but if you had
that McDonald's okay tell her to go
outside in two minutes yeah yeah yeah
you guys heard I have to go see Olivia
at McDonald's but I'm in a hurry so I
don't know how this is going to work if
she's working inside I thought she was
just gonna come outside boy I might have
to go through a drive-through McDonald's
just to get like an iced water just to
say hi to this girl cuz I told her I go
you know it's on the way home Good
Samaritan will feed second 2d is add a
third good deed of the day already
I let like you know like when you're
driving or I don't know if you guys know
this but basically when you're driving
and like you're in front of like a busy
place for example the place that I'm in
front of right now is Walmart so there's
a lot of people walking pedestrians out
the Yahoo
so usually you let like some pedestrians
walk and then you go and then
pedestrians walk and then you go I just
like 20 pedestrians walk past me the
person behind me is definitely to use
but it's a good day stay good smash that
like button you will find 20 bucks I
found 20 bucks
so guys I'm pulling up at McDonald's I'm
going through the drive-thru because
it's gross outside I'm not getting out
of the car the girl said Olivia works
here so me I don't know if she works at
the drive-thru or wherever she works but
I'm gonna drive here then if she doesn't
like serve me then I'll Drive around but
your boys are a bit of a rush I just
dropped my dogs off and I gotta go pick
up some dog food because you have no dog
food on our house so Olivia just just
come outside make it easy on your boy
whoa Pete I've heard appreciate see if
Olivia's here
maybe visa they're going into Libya
working here in it can you tell her to
come here because a friend told me to
come say hi I don't know yeah what yeah
I 110 big nine morning often well here
exactly really are you know so I'm
driving up to the second window because
she's working on cash right now that
whatever this is where I'm going to be
collecting my food anyway so how's it
going
is there a girl named Olivia working
right now can you tell her I need to
talk to her for two seconds
yeah the things you do guys you
literally just got to get them to come
and just say hi I ordered nuggets I
don't even want nuggets I literally
didn't I had my coffee this morning so
I'm not even eating I'm not drinking I
just came to stop by so be a second K
hey how's it going nice to meet you
Sally are you you're on cash right now
can you rap you on a gapper photo
outside quick and you know if you run
okay yeah yeah let's get me integer so
PC I said listen you to your friends
told me I had to communicate okay take
care have a good day
she's sweet she's a good little girl
just grinding that's like numero 900
billion good beat of the day so took a
selfie with Olivia got his twenty bucks
gave it back all this stuff now to head
to my parents to do the most extra stuff
of my lifetime
hi we do the most most yeah pull up and
goes you'll find out as a choke hold
enough I win oh ho
with the booth Oh guys for the past two
hours I have been non-stop grinding on
my computer and this week I can already
tell it's going to be a grind week
because Sylvia leaves to New York I
think on Tuesday right now it's Sunday
but she leaves on Tuesday and then the
guys leave they're going on a vacation
starting tomorrow
they left Ottawa today they just left
like ten minutes ago so now it's
literally just me just me and Ottawa
Dustin's here so me and Dustin are about
to grind harder than we've ever grinded
before video ideas are like blasting out
of my head right now but I really
haven't eaten other than those six
Nuggets please when watchin ate well my
mom just made some chicken asparagus
some homemade food guys you don't
understand it has been so long since
I've had home-cooked meal guys all I eat
right now it's fast stuff that I can eat
fast and I can pick up fast so I'm about
to munch this you look three seconds
okay and chicken is this a chicken TV's
on oh my god
yeah okay so for today's vlog basically
a lot of you guys keep commenting on my
videos you guys are really loving the
fidgets center videos and you're like yo
do dangerous widget spinners do fingers
fingers we're a bit busy at spinners
we're Zack so today what you guys
commented in yesterday's vlog was why
not do it versus something we're all
familiar with which is super levels I've
had a good and besties before these have
done pretty good on my channel but at
the same time details randomly decided
to pop so we have two attempts we have
two super levels I also was in the store
and bought some batteries in there
and on today's visit spinner agenda I
showed you guys briefly these in the
other vlog so basically I have three
really really cool to use winners Here I
am
and then this is the basic fidget
spinner this one's kind of whacked so
the difference between these three
frigate spinners is that this one is
purely just a circle if you guys watch
this one barely makes any noise when you
spin it
balance is nice spins for at least
amount of time to come down so there's
that one then there's this one which
definitely weighs the most this one is
kind of like my other gold one which was
like the most expensive when I bought
this one you can tell has weight to it
just by what you spin it watch this this
one is very trippy to look at but this
one makes more noise this one's all
metal so this one's probably going to do
damage to the wobble if any of them do
damage this is a basic one you guys are
familiar with this one and then this is
probably by far my favorite fitness
center just listen to the sound and how
smooth this one is I swear this one
could go forever so just to compare each
of the fidgets spinners just to see how
how long they spend for I'm going to let
them all spin and we're going to time
them and then compare them so cricket
spinner number one we will do the
circular one I got my timer right here
stopwatch I'm going to give it one hard
spin or as many hard spins as it is to
get as fast as I think that they can
possibly go with your hand so here we go
there we go gods of time we're going I
got to add on two seconds since I
started two seconds too late cuz I threw
it I will come back when this thing
stops spinning so well this one's still
spinning it's out a minute in 14 seconds
I'm going to start with the big metal
ones
and we're going to add an extra two
seconds on this one when it stops one
two boom so circular one honestly for
just a hand spin it did what I thought I
was going to do it did three minutes in
28 almost 29 seconds not too bad
considering this one's super lightweight
this one is still spinning and the time
is at two minutes and 27 seconds so
we're just going to start on the last
one because I don't care what this one -
this one this is my favorite one by part
so we're going to see how this one does
so the silver ones almost done spinning
so far the time is at 343 honestly it
did a lot better than I thought I was
going to do because it was wobbling all
around the table because of its weight
but I'm putting money on this one this
looks really cool that's my favorite one
right there and this time 4 minutes and
52 seconds on the metal one very very
honestly I think that might be the best
one and this one is officially done 2:45
I definitely thought it would have went
for longer because this one is the most
satisfying to hold so I guess the
standings are just duration wise this
one's 2:45 this one's 3:30 this one is
450 so shout it to the big metal one I
think that's going to be doing the most
damage on the wubble bubble so now let's
blow these bubbles up sepia problems I
completely forgot that we have like 6
air compressors because like all these
fidget centers that are doing so I mean
I bought batteries for the place to pump
for the but honestly that's going to
take too long so we're just going to use
the air compressor to blow it up I go
boom that's my shot
three big to the figure the bubble
bubble is but more likely it is to pop
an opinion or something contacted it so
both mobile bubbles are filled up your
right one's a little bit smaller than
the green one so we can test because
there's a green one pops the red one
might not because there's less air in it
so it has less of an incentive to pop
today we picked up a new clamp clamp
this thing is deep like if I put my hand
in it it starts to hurt like right away
so this thing has a lot of weight with
it and it fits every fidget spinner
perfectly so we just put the black one
in holds it down and it can even stand
up like that so we could even do that
have it going super fast and then place
the wubble bubble slowly on top of it
and maybe it'll pop balance pins which
is make sure that we all stand circular
one goes and stands that's like a put
your song smugly my favorite one or this
one might be the one to pop you just
gonna have like a little jagged edges
and everything else is round
yeah that one's gonna do some damage but
this one has the weight and does it fit
into the work yeah they're all big
alright so the air compressor is loaded
I need my safety goggles somewhere in
this house where you shave tongue foods
and let's get it
so we're just going to make sure that
silver one has a nice clamp it seems
pretty tight so we are good to go that's
not doing anything
all right let's spin it fast here we go
there we go right it's going out because
nothing happened this tentative it hmm I
just don't want it to bounce I just
don't want to bounce on my face and just
like that's the only thing I'm scared
all right now pretty logos are Saudis
okay one more of those it's going fast
three two one
nothing okay
here we'll try with the bigger one
because that one is the smaller one so
there's more air to work around with
this one it's waiting to pop so green
one dot K we're trying to different
physics winner we need a sharper one oh
this one the router has like I don't
know a little bit of a sharpness on the
edge maybe this could like grinds open
baby clamp it on this one super light
glisten might fly away
go he's not going to birth they're not
going to break no no nothing if I knew
this was like Nam Nagato pop and this
thing was going superfast aMAG angle
it's actually a little warm from how
fast boy next to this wizard talking my
favorite of all time you already know
what it is the triple sided like angled
weird don't really know how to word it
but we're going to clamp it guys do not
try this at home unless you have the
right I wear and everything this is
completely experiment but if you guys
always try at home just make sure that
you're super careful could be things
could fly anyone at any more like your
mother behind the camera me my mom and
my dad but I'm over here so Angela yeah
ah it just stops it's a no-no my god
what what whoa why are they so deep why
are all those unbreakable and why this
Sheik that what was owned in their right
mind does this I have an idea what foot
nice on it no why don't you try breaking
a balloon animal ballooning yeah because
you're going to make one alright guys I
mom made balloon animals are just a
balloon balloon animal okay
these ones are already waiting to fall
look at how tight this is this thing
getting worse the air is not even at
100% but I don't need that I'll need
like 5% of the air that's very easy pop
what not so easy don't can't hit it
see huh what is going on right now okay
so hope I'll be back in a second you
have to reload this thing up you guys
are no match for via the sound of
balloon animals we made this is the most
cringe thing I've ever done in my damn
life I hate balloon popping I hate
Valentina mode god Clojure you guys
closer here this is worse than anything
being scratch our blackboard cuz their
me yay-hey I have enough dogs as it is
okay so I just constructed the death
machine
basically I put a paper clip at the end
of this one it can only spin off my
finger the clamp doesn't hold it anymore
because it's just too thick for that but
this machine is going to come into play
only we can't call it in the next couple
so you're going to see a lot of failed
attempts probably I hope you guys can
see global don't pop bubbles super level
especially don't pop so to make it more
likely to pop I'm going to lay on it and
then put the fridges video down here so
it's all motoring apocalypse if you spin
or doesn't pop it I don't know go to be
honest we're going with the heavy silver
one again
glasses on keep your mouths closed in
case this thing just fly them besides
and also someone see let's go please
isolate one guys let's get this done
come on little Sam you got this just
want to me bubble bubble pop with a bit
of bitter okay it's going fast laid out
oh oh okay oh my that reaction that
might not be right we're wearing
god-king local level a it still fits
over there bouncing as well well yeah
just think blue over there and was still
spinning like this on the ground so but
I think that's a bad idea now we are
going to do this I think I talked about
on the server so we're going to put this
here in it let it stand up and then in
school stores that and then not the
other one and not the over at Evans life
okay so you might have a backup car for
this one okay all right let's go wolf am
will be very careful with it going ah
mom backed up cereal three two one
that did nothing nothing absolute
absolutely okay I think that that mobile
you might have to go into plate I think
something's right on my hand yeah oh
yeah
that's what I'm talking about look at
that little spike right there guys
that's going to stab something and
caused a massive Wow so guys wall of my
dog is working on making the death
machine over there
your boy is going to show you I've been
working on my digit spinner trick shot
you guys don't know what a trick shot is
basically you can like throw it in the
air and then catch it because a lot of
people will try and catch it and then it
would stop because it would just stop
spinning you have to be extremely
accurate can you toss it in the air and
then grasp it so it keeps spinning and
then it pops it back so it keeps
spinning so first try let's see if we
got this here Oh
can we go back we can't go back but we
got the one yes anyways um mommy let's
ride No did you do this no awesome also
what we well I broke it I broke a stir
oh my god every piece is falling apart
stalling wrong
no don't home does it spin with to
automatically it stops because the
weight is off okay it's your turn
amazing spin it as fast as you can we
get to spin it fast
okay now toss it in the air and then
catch it again
okay all right third time's the charm
okay we're done here we're done here
did you get it no I thought you got hit
oh no you stopped it okay she's done
she's done
you guys go understand with your topping
off camera I did it three times in a row
- jumping like this and then the third
one below my legs and caught it I'm
doing it within three on camera that's
one come on come on oh no this head
keep going critical yet here okay excuse
me I'm got counts but I want to do one
more here Oh
Oh count it yeah yeah - ah God yeah okay
it's ready
my dad made the weapon of choice it has
like little things coming off each side
but it has one mega poke so the what
will done what will bubble alert oh wow
Amelia let's go let's go hold on the
deck spinner as the maid where's your
pop oh my god who I'm really used
already
yeah now can I fit and cut the wobble
ball goes to question on Leia
just the Reformation yeah we need it
what ah okay I can't fit inside well
below where this one's oh I still got a
bone to pick with the pink one I'm going
to start spinning and now enroll up here
I come
you borrow it back binky here Oh what oh
I punctured it on the top
oh it's leaking flow it's reaching slow
blow that but not fast enough for me
we still got air puffing away
click drop our punching it again I push
it again
now let me get my last one that I needed
to pull me 1 1 the chilly back Oh
spin it yay yeah that was me
check that out where that small go
around right there you can barely see
you can see it yeah here okay so I guess
we learned today fidgets printers do not
work against mobile bubbles or 2ds yeah
which you know vote for fidget spinner
is going on once James 100 layers of
fidget spinners guys late-night and
princes huddled up and has played been
actually a platter play Ben this is
where the toys go look at him the story
goes when he doesn't want to be
distracted on the couch when people are
moving too much and all that so he just
goes here when he's fed up with everyone
so Prince is asleep pretty much Scott
his eyes open all the time and then
Sylvia says she pulled wolfy in the bed
you spoiled okay he's wide awake
this guy's like this is my bed look at
that he wants his belly rubbed
good boy Wolfie as if you being in the
bed by yourself it's not enough buddy
this right now good boy
so wolf he's got a bed to himself you're
not sleeping up here though because
we're trying to teach you not to the
man's gotten even more comfortable spot
than meat I was literally just like
laying on the floor for time
Silvia's editing it's a late night right
I'm telling you guys but I'm going to
end the vlog off there after I have a
bite of this chocolate chip cookie dough
ice cream that I got Sylvia because I
like ice cream and sometimes you just
don't want to go to McDonald's I like
one o'clock in the morning and get the
vanilla cone which we haven't been doing
lately because McDonald ice cream
machine is always friggin broken
what now we got the Bennett Jerry alert
geez this is what you call luxury ice
cream
don't want to have too much in it go
super sweet but it is so good way I'm
going to end the blog out there because
I got to be up early in the a.m.
tomorrow Sylvia's last day before she
goes to New York like I said the guy's
already gone so grinding is upon us
but I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if
you did do not forget to go down and
smash that like button listed 35,000
like on this blog because we hit the
like button for no reason that's that's
what Wolfram does you guys are too good
at it I'm sure like 90% you already hit
it also comment down below like game
okay like gang if you're part of the
crew that likes before I tell you to
like the video that likes all my videos
that likes before watching the videos I
appreciate you guys beyond belief that
we'll see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
than my main channel and as always stay
savage level
