good morning hey Liz okay welcome back
to me I'm too used I was gonna scare you
I was going to scare you
Adams playing Ratchet and Clank on my
ps4 right here the middle screen how'd
you know I was here
I'm so far already how'd you know I was
here I'm play whispering ooh
okay you guys Carol today is going to be
a fun date because I have some stuff in
mind
widget spinners are back another bangers
drop in tomorrow it's all heat is heat
season right now because it's hot
outside so your boy has got to drop the
heat on your head top smash the like
button if you are ready for this Adam
how many likes should they smash at
least 30,000 at least 30,000 I didn't
have to tell them 30,000 minimum 40,000
and we'll be happy forty forty thousand
likes wolf em it's time to wake up
go accomplish stuff that you didn't
think you could accomplish yesterday I
still have a sticker on my shirt so
that's how you know it's that new new
but let's get into the day I hope you
guys are having a good day let's get it
guys you know any summer because you
know Justin Bieber DJ Khaled quavo Lil
Wayne chance the rapper just dropped I'm
the one it keep I don't care what
anybody says I'm banging the song all
summer all you got to say in existence
because when we pull up our angle the
judge needs the court
I'm the one I'm the one this dog number
two on Sunday it was number one on
trending for time but yo I'm bumping it
in my car by myself as you guys can see
it is literally a beautiful gorgeous
summer day outside today
your boys supposed to do some crazy
stuff but God did I had to literally
pull up in this parking lot just blast a
song like this is probably the third
time I've heard it in a row as soon as I
woke up I knew it dropped I was like
let's get it well since when is it so
hard to find literally plain blue pens
your boy is literally looking
i'lli'lli'll I don't know I think I must
be blind or something because I cannot
find them I can find clean pencils
mechanical pencils highlighters but I
can't just find like the plain blue pens
I need those blue what bank
I'm annoyed guys I literally can only
find these pens and these are not what I
need but hopefully they do the job
because this place is so high-tech I
should've just went to Walmart but they
only sell like the best of the best and
I don't want the best right now oh I
thought I sawed up oh oh oh my god can i
I just got excited in fun okay guys so I
told you in yesterday's vlog that I
would be opening some fan mail look at
all this stuff this is the stuff that I
found in my car I'm gonna try and speed
through it at least I'll show you guys
out but if I read everything on camera
it's going to take nine years so this is
just a lucky one that's first plum not
just Charlie open on camera with Dave
but Dave's in New York so that can't
happen
I'm sorry Dave you're watching this one
here we go whoa Pete and David I'll just
say if David's poor David and open a
beer King Wolfie me and my sisters and
stepbrother enjoy watching you I love
what you do nice whoopee today when I
try to help and try breaking World
Records that reminds me I'm actually
supposed to buy some supplies to do
another one of those today please give
me a shout out or I'll be cheese you are
king Savage I do not know how to
pronounce your name de a Zhi LAN dagwon
I think that do you pronounce your name
I'm sorry if I mispronounced it but
shout out to Declan and you are from if
the package said Philadelphia so totally
fragglan from Philly next package which
is in the funniest shape I've ever seen
you know kind of a paper airplane where
you wrap this
with some tables here we go guys you
need to start sending me boxes remember
I said big boxes because I like the
knife will see them open this is
exciting to open but I can't knife it
open she like knife Wolfie you want that
dear Wolfie with noe
from my name I'm Nicola wrong but I'll
take it big fan I've subscribed since
200k I've seen all your videos from
Oregon okay shot to Orion from where are
you from Tess from the USA but it
doesn't really say I think Callie's
Oregon from Cali shout out to you you're
the real MVP next we got a big yellow
package King Wolfie let's get it this is
from Angelica it says on the back oh
there's a package on a package package
section until we got here and you're
what good get to that anymore because
age restriction rules King will be if it
is you it is my name is angie i live in
canada i love all your videos say hi to
you elbow elbow says hi aye aye sir
sighs I hope you hit 10 million
subscribers soon because you have five
million so easy safe average thank you
very much and zero to ten mil is real
comment down below wrote the ten mil on
the main channel and wrote the three mil
on this channel let's get it hopefully
we can hit it this year 2017 maybe a
year YouTube is kind of crashing and
burning in front of everyone's eyes but
push the whole family
keep watching the vids and let's get it
lit okay now I'm going to do a speed
round I'm going to read all your
packages but I'm going to just try and
get as we shut up as possible
so if you send me fan mail expect your
needs let's get it shut up - Emily from
Texas shut up - Sara from Washington
shut up the kick crew from Quebec you
already know what it is
- virus from Texas judge you you're the
real MVP shut up - son here from Ottawa
he's actually from Ottawa
he sent me a nice little suede wallet
you already know what it is to match the
whip you know if I'll give you a little
promo go to exe Korra calm and
apparently you can just use the discount
code whoopee and get like a high polish
so thank you for that who the heck is
calling me
on me yeah you know what yes ikora
brandy then shout out to Cassidy from me
from Cassidy Cassidy I don't know where
you're from I shot up to Cassidy shout
out to Sophia you are probably the
biggest snake that send me anything else
of the day so far because you send me
$100 American Eagle gift card and then
you said read the fine print on the
bottom and it says eat the gift card is
only eat the gift card only has 125 on
it so I'm gonna riot swing yes the
American Eagle gift card thank you
joking and then thank you for the
stickers charity Sofia showed up to
jake'd from Philadelphia thank you so
much for this one being dollar bill I'm
keeping it that's it let's get it
shout out to Brandon it just says from
the USA oh I think you're from Michigan
and you sent letters to each one of the
people in T my world so I will be sure
to forward those letters to everybody
hey yo k we're starting with Jack Chad
gets a letter hey I'm the second one
let's get it who's the last one please
please didn't get one yes we didn't get
one here shout-out to Daryl from
Tennessee here we go some fan art you're
the real legacy anyways guys that is it
for the fan mail opening let's get
started today you please so hungry oh my
god there you go $1.00 oh thanks a lot
and adding one more person to the fridge
watch out Rebecca we got company
without Rebecca and the burger right
here here it's a chicken parmigiana kind
of day guys literally
Glaser's got a food we're young a little
bro wow yeah your food looks like this
we're in BO means right now games using
the boys without food I got my massive
tripod right now we're actually at Cass
on the keystroke my tripods a little too
big but look at it here
food porn alert I'll do a taste test for
you guys because you guys love the taste
of pasta amazing you gotta say it with
an Italian accent amazing guys if you
want to be featured on the fridge of the
alcohol just send us your pictures in
the mail but only I'm only gonna open if
it's in a big box anyways right now
playing Mario Kart for its your game
channel here
I don't know these characters but I'll
see you guys at home guys I'm not gonna
tell you who won or anything but put it
this way uh your boys wavy I didn't win
but I'm nice I just lost on this game
but I'm pretty nice it's not like like
the regular Mario Kart 64 they added
some new things or new characters it's a
fun game you guys should definitely get
it if you have what is this a Nintendo
switch on anyways time to go to the
store guys we're learning how to do some
motor stuff that longbows house
literally we came here just to drop by
to see if you had to get the flight that
I was going to go to princess Auto to
buy my dad sent me a pink almost like I
have so we're seeing how fast let's see
oh yeah that's lady and does it go on
forever
oh yeah eventually it is soft and as
soon as the pusher goes higher but so
easy thing is that I have this I have
this I have that thing as I have the
whole kit that makes this like the voice
of the whole area
okay guys so we're okay we're using the
air compressor that Bongo has to do some
fidget spinner looking at after come
here come in come in come in come in
here anything we're doing this crazy
stuff right now blacks up yeah bring the
whole thing just in case - oh it's going
slow yeah and yellow and red like it
when you're done you're like a little
switch oh here let's go there yeah these
is a goal garrymon we're doing some big
Mon Tings today boys and girls nice pass
no control I should be doing this in the
white vans here
hold that it is slinky looking a-ok your
passage to my right foot I'm not going
to move it right foots here this guy
does make me can I open your legs oh
yeah one more open your legs I'm going
to see how control I can do lower low on
the ground dogs ready
I'm cheese camo saying my soccer skills
are fading slowly year by year so guys
right now we're at this jeweler star
Ryan's getting his necklace fixed but
they have wavy rings and I've been
wanting another gold ring I want to
quavo ring you guys don't know what that
is
look up cradle for me goes and this is
the stuff he wears so minimum one or two
more rings so I might try one on and
we'll see what it looks like today
and I also need like a silver set cause
it's all gold right now gold one go to
but I want more silver they just said
they're going to resize my pinky finger
ring for 35 bucks and it's going to be
done in like with the regular jeweler's
they said like two three sometimes four
weeks sometimes two months these guys
said 20 minutes maximum two days so
honestly I'm doing it like it would be
an L not to do it so I'm getting that
redone and I'm going to check out some
of these gold rings as well are you
looking at the lion yeah Longo's what
kind of a lion
okay guys we just a dollar Emma we
almost saw this old lady scrap the girl
at the cash register because the dollar
Emma machines don't show the total price
they just show individual person where
you get the real thing and he'll can't
show me the total price good customer
there was almost the world size drops I
to lighten up the mood again is it as a
bubble thing no no just listen blew away
I know you know you know the windows
it's a big one but this is a separate
this is this might be over guys go to
other stores to lighten up the mood oh I
don't think you can see the bubble on
gate or your present love spread them
over bring don't care yeah oh you can
you can see them you can see the width
you can't see all these levels
now rope this is madness look at it stay
hopeful whenever there's a bad situation
by a bubble stick and lighten up the
mood even for the crazy ladies go ahead
all I got to say genital alliance at
Nora's jeweler you didn't even need a
shout out the man shot a fucking gram
and gave a hook up so your boy had to
buy oh shit the Lighting's bad but
another Versace ring my hand almost
filled out go ball go show him what you
got okay when you have when you've had
big discounts you didn't want rink we
didn't want to return fixation and we
ended up all kidding or writing and a
success thing but me book oh god did you
go did I glean birth gleaming I'm making
the Sun God Ariane is out ahead so guys
I don't know how many of you guys felt
like a few blogs oh but I've done a
fugitoid trick shot I've done most
dangerous fidget toys and now your boy
is going to do some more destruction
because you guys seem to like those
videos go down smash that like button
right now finally we figured out how to
work this air compressor so my dad has
one Bongo hands yellow one over there
and then I have another one that I
bought I don't know where it is a hit
oh it's out the back right there so we
have three and we also have this valves
to measure or press out the air so it's
going to work this time now we don't
have to use a leaf blower so basically
how it's going to work first of all huge
shout-out to Tanner Foxx for the idea I
saw this on his channel so his link will
be in the description he did one against
his phone now if you guys know I gave DJ
my phone a while back and then I had a
bunch of problems with it it's not
really usable I thought it was usable
turns out I wasn't but I have a phone
right here I'm going to destroy this
phone because I have no use for it I
can't give it to anyone I would give it
I tried going to DJ I didn't work I also
got some glasses I got some lightbulbs
I'm gonna I'm gonna destroy whatever I
think a fidgets winner 10 destroy it
without its blades I don't have any
blades and those blades are honestly
super dangerous I almost cut my leg off
right here you guys didn't see that clip
oh right yeah I just want to see anybody
a thousand or
let me do that video so we got them
going very very fast
you can't break this one so this might
only get a one I have wavy ones we're
going to try out today too as well so
what
so guys basically what I'm going to do
with this back to the Twitter this is
the bad one I'm going to defy gravity so
I got a knife here what we want to do is
just pop out the middle part of the
fidgets Center and it just comes out if
you just raise in a pick okay same with
the other side don't lose those pieces
because we might need those later so as
you can see in the middle the cookie
dinner in the middle of a pizza spinner
there is a nice circle I went to the
store earlier got a pen basically you
just want to make sure the pendant is
big enough so that you put it through
the frigid spinner and it holds on to it
pretty nice it's pretty easy okay do we
have other pens in this house so we had
to switch from the blue pen to the black
pen because this ten would not really go
directly through the spinner it needs to
be able to have a little bit of wiggle
room so we're just going to grab some
tape tape it around the black pen so
that it's nice and snug maybe just two
circles and then test this out see what
we got here Oh a little more shape than
we should be Gucci so as you guys can
see I finally got it on it's nice okay
it's very nice on you spin it and it
flies so basically the goal of today is
to draw a nice painting on the paper so
we have our air compressor we're going
to turn it on let it load up and when
it's full of air when it's 100%
little child okay now sort of have to
come in this is at 100 we're gonna see
how fast you can create a fidget spinner
and then watch what happens
keep that it's a nice thing oh my Iowa's
opening that ones like this oh and
almost rag that was so close to my eye
my life just flash your life life is
between my holy registration today
that's old what it's missing a thing no
no yeah saying it's unbalanced now but
it whoa
we might have just broke it but you guys
saw that incidentally it's a nice thing
Wow
it was literally spinning for time just
like this all this is all this is all
blue London look good if I haven't said
it already guys do not try this at home
but is experimenting around with this
stuff
I should have had the goggles on the
first time because that thing was so
close to going in my eye so and I know
my goggles on Brian's got a safety
goggles on the shooting goggles
hopefully these don't ship my pieces and
I kind of repaired it so it's been but
like that was so fast that like he
shouldn't be near that street honest
anyways let's go attempt number two I
got this everyone needs to move away
because things can break hopefully we
don't break it let's get it we got it
place it down oh my god okay I know
what's going on was that fidget spinner
I think it's brought through the bounces
off so let's make it fit at all luckily
that one did explode because I caught a
little earlier but we're going to move
on to the next so for the second thing
basically what we got is I got this
clamp back from the other video
basically it's clamped as hard as it can
go so that this is gold and it looks oh
well it looks a lot slower on the camera
but it's really going fast so we're
going to use the air compressor on this
it's going to spin really fast we have
the glass in a box like this so it
doesn't ricochet and come at me it might
just go in this direction but we're
going to play it safe all right here we
go guys
wine glass versus very expensive frigate
spinner that is very heavy got my glove
on I'm going to come down like this and
smoke the glass like so and hold the box
and hopefully it doesn't come out
somehow and get me but let's get fitted
Finnick or quick I'm coming in wine
losses these ROI shoulda came in quicker
why does it feel deep the wine glass is
too far back so I was like reaching in
and I couldn't really reach it so as
long as you can handle like yeah we're
good
does everyone have glasses on item
number two let's get it what why is this
glass bottle the most DS cup ever at the
store this is like the worst one they
sold it was one dollar for now you guys
can see one dollar per glass at Walmart
and this thing is DS so multiple hits
the wine glass is not breaking we're
moving on to the little light bulbs
you'll see those words so the strategy
with the light bulbs is basically what
we're going to do is we're going to hang
them down from the top there's every one
here and one here we're going to see if
they can both break I think they're
going to break is there a lot more sin
than the than the wine box these are
dirty for some reason so to Walmart or
not well we got one and it's going to
sit on the box and same with the other
one right beside it where's the tapered
just kind of get to tape ready here we
go
they are lined up same tactics let's get
it spinning coming out the light bulb
alert oh oh
it literally destroyed that one I'm not
going to move because I don't want to
get shattered glass with their shattered
glass everywhere I'm loading October to
stay we're out of there
I'm cheese this video only has such
limited air supply but you got the point
we shattered the one glass so the path
the light bulbs didn't pass the test the
wine glasses pass the test but let's
just move on to something big and that
is my old iPhone RIT this thing has had
a good life it's broken otherwise like I
said I'll give it away this is not a way
it doesn't work anymore so what are we
doing fidget spinner market okay guys so
we're going up we got this thing fully
loaded the iPhone is right here
hopefully I don't cut my hand I don't
think it's going to shatter so I'm blown
closed here we go let's pin it
fast iPhone screen here Wow plexiglass
nothing is working okay how much foam we
were running out of air already but
we'll get a one more go come on come on
come on
boom boom no even with mad pressure like
literally me hitting it like that this
green is unfazed no cracks nothing
this is indestructible group no more
times I saw this little over there I got
a glass please I've never before she
tried to move man I've never won of the
iPhone to crack too much of my life okay
we got it spinning quite fast one last
try
boo oh boo nothing at the end of the day
religion curls
I wanted the screen to crack but it
looks like I'm just gonna have to Merkin
it and maybe a fruit ninja part too so
it's not the like button if you want to
see one of those by the way guys like I
really did try and rip this iPhone it
just nothing no cracks nothing I think
just these black one these little Glock
lights are the only things that break
anything that's like thicker than like a
little couple millimeters doesn't break
but I tried so here
alright guys when you have a bubble sort
and you have so much liquid that you
don't know when you're going to use it
you just drive and bubble at the same
time Ryan loves to coal is bubbling the
neighbours foot take this out pieces oh
that's not that's what that's what no no
no I cannot get my car Sophie got to
focus on one thing I once dip it in a
peep these bubbles yes DIY most levels
in 30 seconds here Oh God in there no no
no no no no yeah on that note - got me
on the bubble sort of way bubble start
there applet that's funny thing so guys
I just got home Adam and Sylvia tried
pranking me they failed miserably I'm
the prank God no one pranks me and now
whoa whoa chill those things in there
I'm making Adam cotton candy before bed
you want to make kids Concannon before
they go to bed so they can just sleep
you know a bouncing ball
you can't even talk about Adam
yeah I need you to read this what is
your shoes for your flavor hey Lala what
is it a no no he's Nellie I'm so enjoy
okay Billy nilly for Adam we're not
doing too much cotton candy but we will
give him some cotton candy I need a
stick not too much cuz you have too much
you're gonna wake stay awake for all
night okay I need a stick for you buddy
guys I'm making my own DIY cotton candy
stick because I lost the other ones main
channel is coming soon and they're all
in my mom's house so can you hold this
out of filming yard just like that so
now what we're going to do is we're
going to fold up this other piece of
paper on top of this one right here
are you sure this is safe Charles yeah
okay I'm sure there's as here as you can
see it's getting bigger and bigger and
bigger like this now grab some paper
quick
hey I'm with dope here man delimiting
now I got a DIY cotton candy stick now
let's make the Khan candy
alright go take a bite is it warm how is
it amazing
Oh God here we go here we go silly nilly
cotton candy check Adam thinks you hate
we're sharing from one side eating from
all sides alright guys so I just got to
the boys house but turns out we're going
out tonight
so fun is with me don't listen right
I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if you
did you already notice my side like
button I hit 35 there's a line where we
upped it well last time I watched you
lick 27 it's a wolf is going crazy you
guys have been getting like 40,000 on
everything so I got to talk loud because
there's music playing but 35,000 like
call me down below turn up you already
know what it is check out this outfit
it's lazy the boys on a wave on my new
ring I'm looking nice tonight but again
I hope you guys go jogging out with you
guys
who needs a little bit more time to my
mini channel and as always safety and
salvage psycho
