good morning a yo was good at your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy today
we have no idea what we're doing but I
think we're shopping so let's get it
going
smash the like button if you're excited
let's get it so guys we just pulled up
skirt to this mall what's it called
Tanger Tanger Tangier okay not so mall
in Ottawa that I didn't know existed
basically they sell their stuff so it's
a shop King today but I pulled up and I
saw this thing and I had to hop it
because I'm a kid if I break my balls
wolfy sighs throw your mud I don't know
it's in the middle oh you got that I got
it it does have to come off sure oh no
no don't hold that you'll watch the
Juelz be okay so would you do it you're
a hot mess
you got that Oh sounds like like work
anyways guys let's go shop to me
drop-top
jad says he's buying a pair of
sunglasses and cutting so you guys hide
if he doesn't buy it the key to vlogging
is calling your friends out so that they
have to do something or they feel
pressured to do something on camera me I
got free sunglasses for days I'm needing
it oh like what
I might need a pair I don't know what it
is about this sunglass location but you
have some wavy shade some purple
Bulldogs like what no I thought you saw
those no no no okay but other ones as
that's it really is for gays a little
bit oh my god Oh for saying this guy's
just looking for shades for the beach
I'm condoms are easy are they Raymond
yeah what I found remanded a week
well guys he pulled through copy I don't
think anyone else cuffing those just yet
these are the new I called you the
Sailor Moon Edition you can cast spells
on people when you use the middle button
pew pew
it does actually look great in the side
it's a little nauseous bro if you are
those become not your friends oh I'm not
sure how about your bud you just in case
you guys are shopping and you find a
shirt and you need to fold the shirt up
check this out a quick hold it on each
Ridge put your fingers twist it back go
a quick hole
BAM and just like that brand-new shirt
Oz look at that guy's you work I'm not
even working here I'm still fixing it up
guys the key to making good videos is
being super comfortable the comfort
comes from a lot of places shirt pants
and whatever socks but it starts at the
punty so I'm getting to plenty black and
blue just like a frigging bruise and I'm
going to look fresh these are way too
expensive for underwear but we're at the
outlet store so they're having like a
bless sale I'm a cop too Ponte
this place is wavy because they have
like little benches and chairs and like
fountains that don't work so I mean they
have a few things this is way better
than any outdoor mall I've seen in
Ottawa so far so I'll give it that even
like lounge areas but I think we're
going to the night night the night to
make they make store next and they even
have a fireplace guys it's very hot
outside and we got a fireplace going
with no fountains what you know what
they say old souls never die yeah free
shoes oh well really people drop their
shoes off here and it's a quick do is
kind of new why do we get this guys we
got a 30% off path all-access pass to
the Nike store so now your boy has to
buy something to do these yoga mat
refresher
I caught so apparently the deals here
are absolute modernist so basically
these pants that I just found extra
large camp like I don't really need them
but if there's going to be ridiculous
sales basically they're 120 regular
price but they're on sale for 60 s
already cut in half and then apparently
there's 30% off that so 60 would be
right here 41 dollars and then $41 I
have another friends and family 30% off
so what is he giving it up and a cuff
link honestly I feel like 35 bucks like
with packing for a pair of like 120 or
10 what I think a child of mine is a
cost wrong go got a new flip-flops were
lost and a Jordan tee I will guess how
much you said but any some
25 the righteous $110 pen 424 being this
is ridiculous I didn't even want to you
I didn't want them home this cheap you
have to get them because you're gonna
want them at some point pan
they're like fitness pants so they're
going to get me back into dire wolf
because I've been flopping so hopefully
this is like the motive this is what I
need to get back into diet wolfy and
let's go get like Booster Juice please
tell me to have something here I'm black
so apparently these pants are 2 for 60
bucks they taper towards the bottom gee
I don't even know I'm going to try them
on I might be double XL but these are
just exhales so hang them up and let's
do I look like it 3 2 1
geez Excel is a vibe guys as everyone
would say they fit literally perfect
lengthwise I didn't think they were bent
and weights wise it's really nice around
the waist too so the voice coughing
black and white black on black white on
black black and white you already know
it is your boy hasn't had his coffee yet
from stopping a Zen who I trust them
because I drink our coffee pretty much
every morning on my cure egg so I'm
expecting something nice I got like a
cold drink that's going to keep me going
until we get downtown
so guys I'm fully if you notice on this
black have it eat is on and I bought the
today's Tommy Grimes your actual on its
own
all right I found a wheelie okay let's
go Rhode montijo me Stoke the yard my
cake yes why are you mannequins the
longest next I've ever seen in my damn
life jad you have competition yeah you
guys know this game with the mannequin
hopeful dunk you know this game right
what is going on with the mannequin
right now oh I can't go any lower Chris
fuck it what is that Sokolov your backup
bro I swear to God if these guys don't
stop giving me bringing me on my wings I
just want the phone that's what I come
here for Joey's knows that are you tired
of it but yeah Brian really hot Paul you
off for you hold on on the eyes eat them
all bro they need to stop give me just a
bones when you're done with those or I
cannot be dying with Mike I guess we
just got to the boys house I think
Ryan's editing jazz over there too and
so is Bongo the sense played today
they're actually playing right now go
Sens go you're Ryan autumn Amaya will be
shoulder one honey - oh yeah as you guys
know we went shopping today Ryan got new
white vans they're actually present and
make sure you're looking cute today
right all right honestly I'm a real sad
guys make sure to smash that thumbs up
button let's see if we can hit 27
thousand likes on this video and me and
Ryan will play 1v1 right right right the
best baseball player my brother the one
I love the best power bestest buddy in
the world but guys we're just going to
be here chilling my real gulfam know
that I have this game never ever ever
it's basically a game where someone asks
a question and you hold up a sign to see
if you have are you having like let's
say mean ice cream everyone has so you
put I have I think me and Ryan are gonna
play a little bit later but I'll keep
you guys updated okay guys so basically
what I just said in the last clip which
was definitely me
and not Ryan I found these when I was
looking around my parents house and I
completely forgot that I made these
basically I did I'll never have I ever
video a long time ago with my parents
you guys loved it it did really well so
I thought why not do another one but
it's really nice outside so I got dad
and I got sweet okay you have it has
rinds and everything I just sent out a
snap saying send me videos and we will
answer your never have I ever before it
gets too dark outside when you loose
your eyes you on such a which is that
add me on snapchat wolfy wrap you don't
have me on snapchat you played yourself
the wind isn't raisi
so we're gonna have to be yelling just
Ryan I gave you a shout adjust just
chill bro
anyways let's see what we got let's see
the question and by the way guys if you
guys liked this video you go down and
smash that like button then I will do it
with Silvia apparently Silvia has done
some crazy things you went to
Carlinville she's in a sorority to
Authority she's done some crazy things
so I'm telling you that's going to be
modernist so it's much like button if
you want to see me and Silvia do the
game and potentially strap I'll just say
like 40,000 likes and we will do it
right Silvia I know you're watching this
vlog 45,000 likes they watch my shows
that's amazing - although I say thank
you Oh cute little black yellow so you
guys are absolutely flooding my snapchat
hits loading loading loading like a mod
mom I'm just getting bear snaps I said
videos only so I don't know why these
are chat but I'm gonna find one that's a
video so I can find one here
oh never have I ever gotten friendzone
okay you know what there we go we'll do
that one it's not a video but we can
work with that so the first question I
think was from like giraffe somebody is
never have I ever been friendzone I'm 3
over 2 though
anytime's yeah I need more specifics
yeah more specifically what so if you've
been friend-zoned in your life if you
like it grown to like hate how you like
a girl it's like hey bro i like uh hold
it back 3 2 1 oh now I'm gonna have your
Ryan fly I'm gonna head out - no you're
you already know what it is and what's
your name Suhani
shut up to Nerissa honey we're playing
never have I ever right now and we just
told that we just told the camera we've
been trying aren't friends owning any
guys Loki they are there revisited
alright guys correction I have I didn't
know the context no girls bye guys
Ryan you're my best friend but if they
proved me in different ways okay look at
me
I think I have been friend-zoned by
almost every single girl I've ever tried
to get with that like I've actually like
I've been friend-zoned by what I just
turned me into a young savage oh then I
was just like nah I'm coming at all you
guys you guys look good enough know to
be honest you guys already know nice
guys sometimes
come on Christmas
anyways next question alright guys so
I'm going to try and get some but
there's bear snaps coming in right now
so if there's any ones that are videos
right now I'm going to open up pull it
up okay you know what screw it I'm just
opening one what does it say never have
you ever hit your brother okay so that's
one here's another one never ever okay I
can't see this word age restriction now
but that's just a girl
okay sure and one more then what is that
cheating oh never have you ever cheated
okay blood I can't shoot but Ryan Ryan
says you can shoot you say you're the
best basketball player on YouTube make
the three right now one shot if you miss
Cairo it says you the best lifestyle
player on YouTube you played yourself
exactly I don't even play ball go go on
hand it what you go I can't okay bless
hold up you'll get in front of my face
bro give me some deep hold up oh fuck
buzz I can't see shit bro this vodka I'm
not nice I'm not nice give me that give
me that
ah dad one here see jobs nice no
bragging guy just does what he needs to
do and he's there that's called respect
okay chill chill chill
don't go over me deal can you dunk right
here are you gonna dunk all he's taking
the stuff out of his pocket he's dunking
what's good no no idea I'm so many
people how am I gonna be I'm 180,000
people you guys are in the next VM you
want to show someone else what's up guys
two seconds of shadows shut up myself
okay blessed 17th all right okay yo this
guy wants to be in the vlog he had a
rugby game today did you guys win it
everyone well rugby team red one skip
screwdrivers welcome yes Andrew shoutout
to raise my bar go would be proud
same time I do my dude same times you
already know what it is you're a liar
Canterbury anyone's gonna thought you're
my sister yes
go talk to this guy as well everybody is
at we're at green Barroso Council whole
green brocade don't you don't get this
is like a mid break a break would be 8
pi let's go job I never got to get back
to our never have I ever hey Oh nobody's
nobody's lama buddy nice okay back to
the game back in the came back to you
okay the audio and it is Reggie bi GB
Carlton Raven so I got a show on from
love go follow the man you already know
what it is okay guys so the next one was
from somebody but you saw it was never
have I ever hit my brother give a
brother oh yeah older brother you don't
have a brother
I haven't I've know so your I never all
in here brother
what role rice mastery the rise I have
dad ah my brother I've got news your
brother yeah we've gotta go all the time
yeah and Dustin Bear fights bro yeah all
of us and your line was never about you
know my brother's 9 years older than me
so everybody who has like older brothers
you know you're getting gross but you
hit him back the tribe yeah there's like
nothing Hindu shit yeah and my brother
headbutt me one night and my face was
bloody so there there used to be a bunch
of fights we don't fight too much
anymore because we're 17 now so you
don't fight when you're 17 is crazy
anyways next question never have I ever
cheated I have never never I have never
I've never known but I haven't like I've
been coming on so you want to talk about
that for him no no I'm not going to go
into too much detail but yeah your boys
been cheated on I'm not hurt because now
I'm a savage I grew up but after only at
the time it was bad I thought at the
time it was bad you I have never cheated
on anybody and I haven't been cheated on
because like to be honest until as
lately I haven't really been seeing
anyone
yeah and jawed is a loyal man there you
go and Ryan I've never either lying his
legs feel neck the next one is it's like
never have I ever had se that word I
can't even talk about it on this channel
because it's PG YouTube these days so
we're not going to do that I'm just
going to say kiss a girl because it's
all PG and have I kissed a girl of
course I have billions of girls next on
the kiss women yeah they only women
I got my first kiss guys it was amazing
I told my mom you know where I got I got
my first kiss with here Oh a dad and bro
you know who you are answers were we've
grade six you know who you are
we make a retainer on everything behind
and great sense made out in grade six
rosy GData for a while while you
visscher it auto house our second finger
second little girls oh you're a bubbling
bubbling bubbling anyways two more and
then we're done so one is never have I
ever pooped myself this is in public
public so raise it up in three three two
one
I have I have it's not told me to be
ashamed of like I was old
I wasn't okay so we want a bunch of free
things at Wendy's one time and we much
it was in the middle of Canada's
Wonderland to like an amusement park
yeah I'm listening no that's the worst
thing an amusement park and we're
walking back like halfway through the
day and I just thought of the fart I
wasn't so I went to the washroom and I
threw my macho's under three sauce okay
great luckily luckily I did have a
bathing suit so not great pics I fully
pooped myself on walk home from school I
held it in hell did it held it in and I
wanna vote you are lost now I just told
you alone I was like here sure I was
probably from here to there to my house
and I was like it's an otaku locked with
it down my leg right here is when I was
active that is way worse than dry
yourself you not you know your bowels
you inside run to the bush and I lost it
nah nah and jawed yo mine kinda sorta
Ryan's rose like I'm with my boys
walking down a path late night it was
that night it's the worst feeling kind
of sick but when you feel kind of shaken
you fart bro like never know what's
gonna happen man you get boxed and then
Bank you're just not here right so yeah
we have proved ourselves all the real
mess are you lying if you have yet and
the last question is never have I ever
stolen anything I'm ashamed to say but
my childhood was rough sunglasses Roe
buck or two chocolate bars roll I used
to pull with friggin sweaters hoodies
and take all the chocolate don't do that
though not bad
I chose you Jokers you got I got caught
bro yeah you your cards we really
at least your cards are waving right now
no but the thing is I stole them like
cold
like I was like beyond the Year stage
shuttle - my yo-yo plays if you like you
boys owe me
Rohan mine was borderline stealing I
went to the nasty of hockey stick and
Walmart peeled off the $5 hockey stick
sticker put it on the hundred dollar one
Sun angle elephant do five bucks it was
a synergy if you guys know what I know
its energy zero a bendy one alright so I
guess you guys learned a bunch about us
shout out to my two boys chat with the
JT and Ryan's ways I have I have you'll
see though have you subscribed go
subscribe to their channels that both
their links will be at the top of the
description also I told you guys smash
the like button if you want to see me
and Silvia play because it's gonna be
I'm going to add some questions I'm
always a helpful ask some crazy shit if
we do that and it's going to be mad
exposing probably fighting cheating
caught breakup prank on gone wrong gone
wrong anyways guys see you guys soon god
damn guys all I'm going to say is today
has been a long freaking day honestly a
lot of things that I was doing today
took a lot longer than expected
boom oh my god I'm on a mountain I'm
literally on a mountain ok I'm not on
mountain anymore I'm in front of the
green screen
but basically guys Chris my buddy you
guys know Chris he was just over here
setting everything up we were like
angling lights at the floor to set up
the green screen so that basically you
guys look at this screen as you guys can
see when I sit down
almost all the background goes away so
that's like pretty smooth right there as
you guys can see on all the guys can see
it's pretty wavy okay we're working on
getting like the perfect green screen
it's a little messed up in this corner
but the lighting just keeps changing it
was seeing us so long to figure it out
basically I'm playing some games with
the boys tonight I'm just finishing
setting up everything for the gaming
channel so expect some bangers on your
head top soon Sylvia went to the store
and bought Ratchet and Clank she also
got LittleBigPlanet 3 because Adam was
playing on the ps4 there's like another
game over there that he was playing
earlier so there's just games galore
stuff over there I was going to do some
fan mail reading today because basically
I haven't done it in forever I owe it to
you guys you guys send me this I got to
open it and a lot of you guys on the
paper it says open in the blog so I owe
it to you I owe it to the friggin little
fam you guys are savages I kind of show
love so basically I should do a bunch of
that in tomorrow's vlog
did he forgot about it because I was
literally just like cleaning on the back
of my car and I found a chunk of fan
mail that I put there that I forgot
about so I got to open that plus that
made me think of the peel box and how I
still have that open because the new one
is having some issues right now we're
working on living situations in all this
so that's taken longer than expected but
hopefully that is going to be sorted out
very very soon house situation and
everything there's just a lot going on
right now stressful times wolf an but
the peel box
packages will get open and I will look
dope on here on the ps4 as well the
gaming videos are coming everything is
just happening at one time but if you
guys could just be a little patient with
your boy it's going to be a bang also
tomorrow I have to get a fan or
something here I don't know if you guys
know of any fans that are like amazing
and both amazing and very quiet so that
the microphone doesn't pick it up but I
need something so that I can blow it on
myself while I'm recording my audio so
that it doesn't sound like I'm in like a
friggin rainstorm or like tornado
because basically it is hot I don't know
if you guys can see when I'm sweating
right now it's like 12 o'clock at night
and I'm dying in this room by myself the
lights heated up so fast so I need
something to just cool your boy down it
was like 80 degrees I only know that is
what it was just it set at 80 degrees on
the friggin on this thing over here now
finally went down to 78 because I set it
to 71 because it was literally a sauna
in this house my god your boy is just I
can't do this anymore I can't do it
anymore
we need a fan we need a fan we need less
lights I don't know what we need what we
need it now my money and I need it now
oh yeah I'm going to end the vlog off
here you guys can take a look at my
quick pink jacket because that's what I
want you to comment down below pink
jacket you already know is this pink
jacket gang if you guys comment that I
will be commenting back to you guys and
heard in your comments spam it as many
times as you want also I want you guys
to smash the like button you already
know we get like 35,000 minimum like on
every damn vlog so go down hit that like
button if you haven't already and if you
guys are excited for tomorrow's vlog and
then the day after that let's just say
things might get a little jumpy you know
what I'm saying things might get
destroyed who knows we'll see but yeah I
will see you guys soon on low Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
on my main channel and as always stay -
I know
