good morning AO with you - where will be
welcome back to more wolf you already
know what to do is to match the like
button right now for Adam Adam wants at
least 35,000 likes on this vlog so go
down hit that like button and you will
have like it always is good luck for the
entire day you're gonna find at least
the loonie on the ground oh you don't
have loonies in the States okay you're
gonna find a $1 bill on the ground five
dollar bill whatever bill is the biggest
bill maybe even 100 over though so we
are going to Mandarin first meal of the
day I'm starving I am I've prepped all
day for this I haven't eaten anything
yet Adam hasn't eaten anything yet I
don't need to show you prints for the
day little princes Prince come here good
boy
eat more rings needs a haircut but
Wolfie looks fresh yeah so I'm going to
draw my dogs off at my mom's house
and my mom just came to pick them up I
think I never we can go and do fun
things for the vlog maybe Adam will give
me another try not to laugh who knows
but let's begin the day we just got to
Mandarin and your boy is so hungry at
this point I don't wear the jacket
that's so hot - Adams on even wearing a
jacket but you had a cute little jean
jacket that match Soviet jacket so I
think the contest because everything is
a contest Adam you and Sylvia versus me
eating whoever can eat more she said
what the heck - whoever can even work
wins oh yeah really
are you ready are you ready Adam sitting
off swing go jump yay
guy weighs like 10 pounds okay you go
sov and i'll come in the next one
he weighs 47 pounds exactly very precise
you find out more and more about little
kids sarcasm anything so you got to say
everything exactly how you want it guys
we might have just got played right now
they closed between three and five and
then just hit three o'clock
we played ourselves Adam we have to go
get food luckily there's good food Baton
Rouge
oh there's their options around me Hank
little over the employer was not trying
to mission somewhere like across the
planet to get food literally would walk
in the first thing to girls like are we
close to three to five we'll close it
for three to five like wasn't singing
saying anything I'm like hi just staring
at me a weirdo then why are their first
question though this asian guy right
over there you know what to get played
to how I'm going to tell them a little
bit yeah he's going to his death right
now but yeah what do you want to go to
well chicken figures we're going to Jack
Astor's okay where's Prince oh this
Roman please oh please don't rinse all
right guys we last-minute decision I
think we're going to jack up you're
gonna run
I'm going to look for the armpit what
but you can't be jumping on this this is
how you got all those bruises on your
leg out yeah I'm ready to fly
okay so three two one go all right let's
go
what are you gonna get to eat chicken
fingers watch are the chicken fingers as
you call them yeah yeah you said you're
gonna get chicken fingers yesterday we
didn't get them chicken fingers I said
hey I said you're slow thank you suppose
you asked me to race you right now and
I'll beat you up go go go I have a cramp
and I haven't even started a right angle
what is going on maybe there you guys
there okay bye who won I did what yeah
you never remember it why are you so
competitive you are you my name is Idi
Amin
there is Charlie intro do your intro hey
you stop stay stay in here
Adam what are we doing tell the camera
we are picking something to eat I'm
gonna go um pizza you put chicken
fingers oh you want pizza but look at
each chicken in here
citizeness okay fine you guys are gonna
turn it first year out of getting
chicken fingers what if I told you guys
that these literally just two feet of
nachos it's worth like 20 bucks your boy
is wallowing over right now but I'm so
hungry so getting an appetizer and I'm
trying to teach out of math you knows
how to do 48 plus 12 but hey you know
what 4 times 2 is 4 times 2 is oh you
can finger alert Adam you know it 4
times to put it in what is it blue it is
a multiplication sign what is oh yeah
they're too smart time to mako's why is
it poutine the most perfect tower I've
ever seen in my life boy and G hey wolf
am I'm gonna give you guys a quick life
lesson about trampoline park basically
don't eat a giant meal before you go to
a trampoline park because it's going to
be a lot of jumping up and down activity
fast moving and stuff like that so Adams
probably gonna jump around like a mod
Mon I'm probably gonna jump three times
and then want to throw up but I don't
want it to go so I got my old man shorts
on let's get it here here we go first
I'm alert charlie alert charlie alert
last name won't be goofy alert have to
find a waiver because my waivers been
expired that's how long it's been my lot
came here which means the boys have not
been jumping on trampolines I got to get
on that the goal of today is just do one
basket I haven't done one in a minute
all I gotta say is thank God I did not
bring my easy today and I just draw
these ones because I brought my EVs I
would not feel comfortable leaving them
in the shoes own but you know look at it
your boy is going to put this on its
stomach and dance around for like an
hour
it's going to be later feet of dirty
because it's not due and they stink
we can't go on the same block so you
have to jump on this block and I have to
jump on this one first time being on
Assemblyman time boys and girls the
vertical will queue the free atoms doing
modernist do it again do it again let's
be the few you got here we Adams running
and jumping like a mud one he's running
on the wall spider-man
is that you Adam Dube do one of these
girls clean nation you know these here
what's your name Oh all right Gabriel
it's your front flip time everyone
follow them and it follows boy you get a
pillow so front flip let's go it's all
you
G follow the kid Gabriel you already
know it okay they can all do front flips
I can't do a front foot I can't do a
front flip I can lay on my back guys
Adam you're just rambling about like a
month
what no Ryan's first brushless you don't
hurt yourself
watch all right is that here let me
shine every time I just really friendly
Oh how's that clear I'll work on it by
the end of the date front slit and back
flip shall we
literally
what ad wanna know what's happening you
see I get turn front flip alert oh okay
this is a mod - okay watch out watch out
what are you going to do job front flip
yeah Bruntlett will you turn with a
squeeze let's go dad front flip alert
right will fin is we're coming in with a
nice run flips
I was just challenged as fast as you can
get more air than me let's go yeah yeah
you go after him and then you go get
wait he's going to go then you go and
then you go all right let's go
hey not that yeah as high as you can get
but don't hurt yourself
yeah yeah yeah you're going to go and
then you go boom okay I get proof
yes he's gonna jump okay you guys jump
in then I'm gonna get this picture of
Cory for more welcoming more Wolfie the
channel more Wolfie yeah just look up W
on YouTube and you'll find it W yeah
that was crazy okay I'm not shut up for
today bro
Jesus kids are crazy no no one more set
on Omar shut up hey Dago this is the
last jump
okay one more jump go you got to give me
the bus no I don't want a block I don't
want if I got older
yeah let's go okay you have one more
drum cuz I miss your first one that's
all you
here on that note we're just going to
keep jumping probably break my arm right
now how many jumps probably like two or
three three three three Zeb you can do
one one your ma yes choose the number
oh my god is it three yeah okay trick
shot basketball trick shots King so
close you got one more out of myself one
more one more let's get it that one
sound shoot ah next one okay I'm gonna
do one crazy okay guys we're trying to
basketball trampoline trick shots going
from here middle next haha so one more
dog from the dunk okay okay I'm not
better basketball Pete chum the bunny
shot some of the bunnies even though
your wolf oh okay oh my goodness okay
sure look at what's above the river kill
me boy oh here came wolf a minute Ryan
basically struggling backwards to get
too dangerous I'm not trying to broke my
neck but I think give me something not
really
you boys come in my straw wolf in I'm
getting it for here
oh yeah yeah yeah you got this clip
you'll go back and then forward for it
oh ho ho
Oh whoo okay guys one skyzone trip and
I'm absolutely pooped I'm so tired right
now come here start on your hands
nope I'm dead dunzo finito finished
parched whatever you want to say I'm
getting a Red Bull because I need
something that's like cold I was able
getting a blue gate Oh some Gatorade but
honestly I think I need a pick-me-up so
biggest Red Bull in the shop chug it up
awake you're sweet
you'll Rebecca wants to know how you're
doing through it that's not Ashley -
Ashley and Sarah and Rebecca all one are
you gay how's the house do you pass -
going no good we don't have a student so
this paternal that work again DIY pasta
right here check it out you we got the
nice alfredo sauce sausages - sauces and
chicken sausage and chicken and Shawn
Dustin I was cooking we'll just do you
have one
yeah fruit what were they fruit think
fruits grow their necks on they're not
fruit there the next three one another
toffee and toffee inept
well I said for toffee roll I knew
they're talking a second I seen those oh
yeah there's this chicken cook yeah but
there's a man named Ariel Cho Cho with a
no marinating I know me as the faucet
cook everything stopped here guys I'm
just going to go tease of this chicken
killer walk and I'll tell you guys how
Ryan's pass the sausage Oh
but people were like you can you my
in religion out of 10 Ryan's cooking is
garden has blessed problem is to
accessories no problem
you got nowhere to find chest weight on
my channel all the time anyways let's
all go home again
okay guys can basically I'm at my mom's
house right now I got a bunch of
packages in the mail if I am correct you
should be a bunch of the weapons that I
ordered because you guys really love the
fruit ninja versus series so I'm going
to keep that going um I honestly don't
remember have to sell my body but we're
going to open one thing off at a time
start with this little small box but
this is what I think it is it sounds
like maybe a child could be a bunch
different it doesn't the thing is I
might have ordered throwing that to my
divorce nunchuck oh I guess we will see
what this will it will be kept home okay
although hoga Wolfman yeah hey smash the
like button because I'm pretty sure
tomorrow blog until imagine let's just
say that because oh this is none of your
vote are you like a Viking you guys know
what a flail it you know these are
basically three metal device balls
pretty heavy I don't know they could be
a little sharper but this would
definitely hurt to get in the back so
Lauren tells that we're ahead so we
gotta play out earlier don't worry you
did don't hurt himself but we will put
that down a minute this is one of the
weapons Tommy just walk through March so
one of the weapons were working with
this shouldn't be honestly anything I
order some
the Ryman closet change literally every
time I see something in the veil I have
no idea what it is and then arranged
like lets me summon support agree so
again so who does I guess we'll do with
it let's see what we got
I dig it grappling hooks alert respond
so we got to make grappling hook in this
television why do you do attach to this
why why do you can like I'm going to
probably try grappling from the down
career conference
so I sent complete with 33 feet every
nylon rope you do not usually listen to
instructions oh gee I have another thing
free to do Charles go to the dump take
all your garbage what else is in here
guys let's see
it came with three little mini boxing
fighting anyone want to get going on
there look how sharp this is oh it glide
to that so we got a bunch of throwing
knife I'm going to need a lot because my
name is going to be absolutely terrible
at the start Prudential 2.0 is all going
to be outsiders back here guys we saw
what happened with part 1 we don't want
any of that stuff to happen part 2 this
one is hmm
Oh everybody holds up pull it up this is
climbing oh my God he's not crying
these are tiger spikes so I'm pretty
sure you put your hand through like this
this goes around your red apples around
your wrist that goes on your palm and
this is like just for climbing people to
face
yeah reply Adams yeah mine neither sure
it's item so we got these things you've
run your hands basically like catbug
they're called
ninja should go and claim our hand claws
climbing Tigers right like when you need
to get paper towels really fast right we
need to get a paper towel really fast
it's like yes sure using telemetry
really or go there by climbing charming
tree I got agita we have these I love
uses very nice
nope I love you ninja he wants to be a
ninja
next anybody who gets emotional I
honestly want to use Russell description
sure and by the way guys is just like a
few selection of things that I want
there are a lot more collections out
there Dustin with me and dropping some
crazy stuff so I'm excited I thought you
know it's worth it
where is it not it's a Viking battle axe
this is going to meet money
Oh doubled up careful careful careful
you know that they got it when YouTube's
going down the drain you just buy as
many weapons as possible and mess up
some truth so he just wants to yell
Sherman or class why do we get felt it
so readily available on Amazon I mean
you have to get it all right I think you
need a costume to go with all this
trousers thinking to wear a costume
yeah wipe off your PC we're also down
below what I should be Viking a Viking
you want to be like right leg behind
your leg problems at Robin Hood Robin
Hood whatever you guys want Legolas you
name it I will be it and I will dust
things in the coffee because you'll go
they greased it up in here I think you
guys drinks it up so that it doesn't
like rush anything with the katana
oops behind that all I hope is this act
is going to do some serious damage cut
an apple let's just yeah Charles no no
no no yeah a quick demo it I need to see
how how sharp it is and here's your I'm
sure it's really sharp can you throw it
up in the air no I'm not doing that okay
yeah that's that would ruin the fruit
ninja guys give an example how sharp
this is pretty Sheriff it's not a
service but with a lot of real
sharpening this thing could be very
sharp
hopefully the head doesn't
not service look at your size Annette I
was a totally doesn't fall off and I go
like this yeah hopefully not does it'll
end up with nothing has burning so we're
on the bottle activation alibis and I
think we have one more box for today of
unboxing it will be so easy go to our
small box probably a book
yeah book how do your taxable no no all
spinner is alert I've been waiting for
you to come in these are the most
expensive spinners book look at that one
that's the dirtiest spinner I think I've
ever ordered my life this one legit been
for like telling you the Optus I think
it might be the very month but what does
that do just it is Vanessa justice years
you know no oh yes this is finally in
this woman look opal is on it this is
the most out of trying one I've ever
touched I think they ask you getting
more and more satisfying the more you
spend on a on a pigeon spinner the
better it's going to be so we have tutor
groups
tomorrow and then just one one ripple is
a completely different shape I think
this might be the more expensive one
oh my god okay tomorrow is going to be
lit that's all okay so we got three more
fitted sinners I'll put these in the
side rails I got to mess around with
these you have to realize if you try to
be a daily vlogger
you have to be doing some crazy stuff
every day so that means Amazon is my
best friend so that means I get order
order order
this one's really like I just use the
fact that nothing cool come to Canada
guys already know that colleges were
alert listen has anyone ever played
runescape I knew this weapon women
because of routine I pronounce it room
Guinea for a long time but then I
learned that it's pronounced scimitar
called the skimmer give me a scimitar a
dragon skin so what am i buying in case
by retail tool it ok here you got a
disgusting knife right here
Timmy rescue me and I'm pretty sure like
all of you are almost from like the same
brand as we're one grand yourselves
himself for LARPing but I want you to
cut it group doesn't all lurking in if
you play so why actually role-playing
could do that that's not I mean you can
only do that by market skill so I'm here
you to open it just cut it right open
come visiting the most badass or if
you've ever seen okay we got that well
that kind of run washing with will be
have to be quiet but just expect the
next couple vlogs to be very late here
there's going to be quite a F because
Sylvia and Adam are asleep in the next
room
and I try to cuddle look the two dogs on
the couch
okay I'm saying like it's a bad thing
I'm very excited to cuddle with these
two guys on the couch they've been
passed out for like an hour I've been
just looking into houses like for the
past hour so I'm exhausted because when
I get into friggin looking for houses
like I can do that for hours and hours
and the time just lie but let's see if I
can sneak peek of atamans okay before
bed
is always sold out when you don't want
to be loud
I think the snoring over there or
something anyways on and I've logged off
there because your boys got to get a
good rest
hopefully my hair can wake up and I can
look decent tomorrow I definitely have
to get a haircut tomorrow smash the like
button and my haircut whatever will
hopefully be good I've been trying to
get my whole damn life and still haven't
figured it out for some reason so if we
can hit 30,000 likes on this video you
already noted this the hair going to be
looking crispy clean tomorrow also guys
I want you to comment down below just to
make it happen we are praying for your
hairline Wolfie okay commented once
coming at twice commented the Jillian
time because the more times you come at
it the more luck I have to get this
friggin thing lined up tomorrow but
again I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
stay tuned because some lip stuff is
coming at your head tops wound and I
will see you guys soon are normal to
where we stay just a little bit worse
average in my main channel and as always
stay savage leggo
