good morning hey yo what's catch boy
wolfy welcome back Tamar wolfy as you
guys can already see I know you're
commenting it okay I get it my hair has
been ruined I went for a swim last night
and honestly all the curls came out the
girl told me don't get it wet I didn't
think I would get it wet in a giant pool
in hot tub
turns out I got it wet so Sylvia was
starting to do some but she had to go on
a hike and I got a meeting in like an
hour so there's no time to do it so yes
I look beat okay but that's besides the
point we're all about positivity so on
that note guys go down and smash the
like button keep it positive
let's hit thirty five thousand likes on
this blog before it even begins with
your elbow okay I'm gonna give you five
seconds to do it ready 5 4 3 2 1
elbow hit it with your elbow okay today
we got a busy day ahead of us guys first
up we have some important business
meetings we got to do like I said second
order of business
Ryan's la flight is officially booked
this guy will be here tomorrow morning
so expect him in the vlog tomorrow I
don't know if the rest of the people in
the cloud helps know he's coming so I
might prank them with him
I haven't planted that part not gonna
lie third order of business Omari mids
how's your nose doing okay this guy's
doesn't nose piercing looks fresh
fourth order of business zoom into my
face fifth order business game how you
feel okay six scarcely kind of lenses
I'm stressed yo but I hope everyone's
watching the vlog is having an amazing
day honestly my eyes aren't even fully
awake right now but it's gonna be late
let's get the day started baby actually
before I go to the meeting guys I gotta
freshen up because your boy has done to
you come look at this - I have the most
disgusting dude slash that goes back
every two days and I get weird weird
hairs over here and over here so I gotta
shave it off let's get it all right
first of all I only got the most
exclusive razor guys now I'm not on my
women stuff anymore because now shout
out to Dollar Shave Club for sponsoring
your boy and hooking it up with the most
pristine clean razors and honestly this
razor just makes it a lot easier because
now your void is not need to go to the
store anymore and go in all aisles just
to look it raises it all up the same to
me Sylvia's been like trying to hook me
I would be like yo you just need to get
like the girls razor so you don't get
like razor bumps on your face but I
to see have no clue what the difference
between one razor is at another razor
every time I asked in place I mean you
guys have seen my blogs and play seem to
know nothing so at least now your boy is
guaranteed the best razor now hold up so
basically for a limited time Dollar
Shave Club is giving away their shit
shower shave starter kit for only five
beans this starter set features their
executive razor which is this bad boy
and three trial sized versions of their
most popular products so we got the
shave butter you guys already know what
that is we got the amber lavender body
cleanser and last with all these we got
the one wipe Charlies and I'm paged to
that because my name is Charlie come on
like what the heck and obviously all
these products are gonna help you stay
fresh and clean so I mean you got to see
how clean this gonna make you boy check
out these pubes
I'm about to get rid of them so here we
go guys let's get some of the shea
butter on honestly I'm putting it
everywhere because these are like
literally the only areas that I get hair
and then right up here right below there
so now I mean I don't know if you guys
are old enough to shave but daddy Wolfie
will give you a 1/2 table there's gonna
get that hair right off because I gotta
look fresh guys if I'm like doing
business stuff I can't be looking beat
to it no hair a little above my chin I
am eat hold up couple more and now I
gotta get these random straggling eyes
on my cheeks because I don't read these
ones at all okay now after we got the
hair shape that we want all we got to do
is a quick little white and honestly
this has a minty scent so now it feels
like I've just brush my teeth at all
times
aged flexible ting air let's get it okay
guys so basically when you open up your
starter kit this is what it's gonna look
like you open up your trial kit you're
gonna have the great executive razor
which I already told you this thing's
amazing and basically it comes with a
couple different heads that you can use
you got multiple cartridges on deck
because one is never good enough it's
only gonna last you so long so they give
you a bunch let's get up you also get
the shave butter which is what I just
used amazing the body cleanser and then
last but not least like I said the one
white Charlie's because you know Dollar
Shave club's not even only about China
look okay
because Dollar Shave Club is not only
trying to look at you for your face but
they're also trying to let go for your
foot what you don't look that minty but
smell and after the first box these
replacement cartridges are only sent for
a few bucks a month so it's amazing so
you're probably wondering where you can
find this exclusive offer well don't
worry wolf AM that's where I got you
this offer is available exclusively at
dollarshaveclub.com slash whoa feet you
guys already know I love to hook my wolf
fam up you got to use what I'm using
because then you don't get razor bumps
you're always looking fresh so clean my
hair is looking at me today but I made
up for it with my lack of facial hair I
got baby face today I also leave a link
to that at the very top of the
description below so make sure to go
click on that after this video but
anyways guys enough for the shaving I
gotta go get to my business let's get it
like two words with business boys Oh
game coach they aren't one let's go bro
everyone knows he's professional
photographer
how does everyone know yo why are people
abusing my cameraman yo he's mine
the kids each one word yes Johnny Johnny
yeah next time get your own name
yes he's mine he's mine that's gonna be
$50 yeah yo did you why didn't you
charge them game I taught you well okay
guys so just stepped out the meetings
business-wise business well it's weird
cause like I used to be the one giving
in a resumes and now I'm taking resumes
that was fucking weird now you know Omar
what do in your hand I got I got the
physical copy of a visa so now we're
gonna go grab food and then I think we
can go back to Mercedes and check on my
car because now it's like a Tuesday so
they have all my stuff done and also I
have the bank statements and everything
I need so we should be you know where
are we going so we should be good on
everything I need for my car I'm a Jew I
think the food place
Oh No yeah I'll be back we got to figure
out we're gonna go to the foot spa
broker shmita sold well McDonald's
really wants to be like my friggin
Instagram picture these guys are
stealing content now hey Wow
I'm Paige first time in America mcdonell
dena met just the first time last week
Mary Kovac Donald's McDonald's they have
no junior chickens here and everything
is not made with love bro they're not
doing the chickens didn't even all the
imposing excessive yeah right of an
American Junior chicken aka and make
sure you can though see how it looks
seasoned let me see as it's easy not go
tell me it looks like a chicken bright
now the same Canadians for Tibetan
aliens are better it's - all right -
you're wrong I'm telling you it's not
the same bro it's not me with that
Canadian love she's the thing about a
genie chicken toasted buns here yeah all
the same it's all I know how to describe
it
well McDonald's was good now we're on
route to the mercedes-benz dealership
hopefully I can get my whip I got a
smoothie all these guys got jr. chickens
and big chickens and stuff I want to die
so I couldn't be in that so 2018 new
year new me smoothie wolfy who gets a
smoothie from McDonald's me this guy
right
what lawyer right this is a coffee yeah
guys were at Mercedes right now I gave
in all my paperwork I don't know what's
going on though to be honest like being
a Canadian trying to get a car out here
is struggle especially because me and so
you don't like have a permanent address
it's like kind of struggle but you know
I think they're trying to work some
magic out there because I've been
telling them like I keep telling them
you know I need the car ASAP so smash it
like one let's pray that I get this car
I'm trying to get the Maybach yes those
are kind of cheap though so I might like
I don't know I might give ya daddy car G
Wagen who knows guys now that I'm on my
new la swag right there are chokers and
unbutton two T's I might need to get
three maybe no anyways oh my mistake
over part for those who speak francais
shut up game so yo we just finished up
at Mercedes here Charlie's trying to get
Rory Wow we'll be trying to get this car
situation sorted out my nose update my
nose is still killing me
what are you guys saying how it looks I
don't know I haven't even told my mom
yet so hopefully she doesn't hate me but
yeah we just finished up my
mercedes-benz now if we're probably
gonna head back to the clubhouse he was
popping over there and then we got a
special surprise for you guys coming up
soon so stay tuned don't go nowhere and
I don't know what home are just said to
update you guys this is harder than you
think okay we're literally leaving
Mercedes again I gave them every piece
of information I possibly could we were
just in here for like an hour and a half
the bank has to confirm you tomorrow
possibly I could get it tomorrow but not
a good chance
so if not maybe the next day or
something but I need this car ASAP
because I'm dying out here in LA without
a car anyways now we have to Oberer home
here's the uber
and yo today we're actually gonna do
something extremely fun on the vlog I
bought it at the store yesterday I
didn't show you guys that I bought it
but it's super dangerous super fun
plants to like button get ready for me
to cut off my finger so this is the game
I was talking about earlier guys this is
called crocodile dant is a very simple
game look at the concept you open the
crocodiles mouths crocodile look and
then you press the teeth down and then
randomly he will bite you okay but we
don't want to play such a simple game we
want to bump it up we want to make it
intense today we have a bunch of nails
and general hardware so basically we
also have some superglue and what we're
gonna do no you're gonna try it I'm not
playing this game I'm just explaining
it's fun got to start till now no we're
doing before we do it but we're gonna
glue on these these these these and
these to replace the T the T actually
there's no teeth at the top so we just
got to glue them on but actually you
don't let me take them out of the box
I'm taking all the box they need so we
open them off guys dentures in will take
goes out let's go let's give an example
one more gay Oh bless leave it up leave
it leave your finger in there men watch
yeah you want to put nails in this yeah
so already it kind of hurts a bit and yo
you could bring them up oh yeah you can
bring outlook you can bring em up a
little bit you can bring them up a
little more or you can bring them up a
lot so whoa so before let's play a few
rounds like like just without them oh
you did on the first one that time see
it's random guys to watch when you put
your finger there
leave it for both isn't boom
I hate this no you're lucky you're
getting all that like what he's not mean
bro
what do you doesn't that piece you're
lucky to get those I feel like the
Luck's gonna go on my favorite is that
like a pattern to this road like is
there like a cheat code to 7519 that
means nothing I have a theory okay I
think it's a fourth one goes down okay
no we're not talking anymore we're
getting the superglue out I think we're
gonna start with putting these
thumbtacks on cuz these probably the
easiest to have the biggest head got it
again that's let's go guys so we're
doing some tacks and really we could do
the nails you're how like just on the
inside maybe where you gonna put them
like that no use what we use the pierced
my nose yesterday's vlog so I'm already
friendly with these yo you think that'll
work we glue these on like that hope I
don't look like oh yeah we need those
kale let's get the superglue out and
start taping just by the way you guys
what we're about to attempt do not try
this okay don't try this at home
dig read text on the screen don't try it
at home we're trained professionals
we're also idiots but you could get hurt
with this like one word super glue bro
super glue is like mad you do not want
to get this on your fingers cuz it's
awful I'm not stressing I'm just gonna
get it yeah we're gonna get all over the
line right here guys and just go to town
my Korea bracelet maybe we should just
like straighten this out and put that
nope we're gonna make this the most
dangerous kids game you can ever play in
your life there we go so we're just
gonna continue to follow that formula
maybe grab a couple screws big oz oh
yeah and gloominess what yeah shut up
why all right guys so we've got Chris
but why you know so the Blues are acting
up a bit but yo look at this guy's pop
chompers modernist this is gonna suck to
play now we just got to blow on this and
wait a bit for it to fully dry and then
die Oh chill chill chill chill already
of disadvantage but guys yo before I do
this I have to shout out to nigahiga if
I got the idea of him I saw him do it
with thumbtacks or what else yeah like
some touch Joey's it's insane guys I'll
pop the thumbnail up right here actually
insane those guys are ridiculous so
honestly yo I just want to see how much
time I have to remove my finger I need
to work on my reaction time broca's you
the thing is bro
reduces the time that you have oh the
thing is it only goes down on me fast
okay maybe maybe it's your turn I feel
like as we go more to the inside this is
gonna go oh my god yeah I'm gonna go
this guy you'll move your finger out
ASAP
oh I think oppressive roll go press it
all the way uh all right nah bro I feel
like with knives that'd be more scary
like what if I don't pull out in time
what if I don't pull out in time
kale my pulao games I'm going on the
front I'm one of the front you're taking
the clock yeah everyone is like
increases the chances wait wait wait bro
well you make me we'll just what to do
it kaolin you have a if you beat me in
rock-paper-scissors
I'll let you do around problems where
you get to use this as your finger not
another Eddie one all right that's the
longest game we've ever played like two
words oh I gotta have quick reflexes the
only way let me do the math no I feel
like I need to do my I need to cover up
your necks out no no no
Dirty Heads deserve or take her further
go faster yeah action time your
quickscope what do i do oh my god I
don't know one two what is going on
you're next this rely on this game is
actually you live another day you live
another day
next banks round see where its next
round second round here we go I'm
starting on the edge
voila
voila let's go sweetie
it's a head-to-head where's your game
bill okay black snake
that's good bring in left oh what a cool
for what okay that's unnecessary it's my
turn Joe yep well I'm impressive it has
to go fully down game
good try to be cocky my game gets smoked
whoo last round we'll do one more I'm
going through all right fine this is why
you playing like men I'm going in the
middle no outskirts this is a proof that
Gabe's gonna be a dad soon with the one
that's attached the worst one just relax
so you have suppress it with the middle
part your finger you can't present the
typical thing that is that makes it
interesting
yeah and you're not playing the game no
tips
you play the win know that I'm not sure
if you want to see us do that again no I
think we're done we're done oh I broke
it off his mouth all this mode I know
that broke on my finger broke like that
was insane
next time we will play with knives don't
blow there you go
real life anyways guys I think it's time
to clean this up if you want to see a
part two maybe with another kids game or
some shit hit the like button if we hit
35 thousand likes I'll make it happen
this is insane no no no no biggest fail
of the day guys I don't know what
happened I swear was a Cena there's like
a movie like some ghost but literally we
just finished over in my video right
here and then I turn around and I see
this light falling down this is rice is
light so he's gonna be a little stressed
so right so I bought you a new light on
Amazon look at this we had to sweep up
the glass because we don't want anyone
stepping in that and then now I gotta go
get my hair cut I got a photo shoot
tomorrow morning I know I'm movie star
ila Wolfie I change bald blah it's gonna
be wavy but I need the new twists Sylvia
I hope you can do that today and I need
my hair faded so I don't look like a bum
in the photo shoot cause you know we
gotta clean this glass I just hope you
brothers prepare some lemon right here
there you go help so much we're
surprised hundred happy meals challenge
I remember anything from my childhood
surprise he did do appraiser actually he
got me guys I had no clue he's gonna do
it but you know there's not one junior
chicken in here I'm going back to Canada
what did I don't order you the right
thing you didn't even give me one second
legend for chicken I just don't exist
his everyone broke I want to get you on
yo Omar he didn't give me a chicken
legend maybe you don't know about the
chicken engine nobody other than UK
people know about it you like this video
and I'll make one all right guys so yo
peep the hair right now
your boy just went to the barbershop got
a quick cut and honestly I think it's
pretty nice but yo because I have my
photo shoot tomorrow I still gotta get
the top fixed because of the pool mishap
with everything and it got wet knowledge
but Sylvia's being a snake she's not
being a snake she has to do some stuff
so she can't twist my hair for like
another hour and a half I'm stressed
cause it's already late and I'm not
trying to stay awake too damn late but
that means me and Omari have to find
stuff to borrow for an hour and a half
I'm gonna do and I got a pretty good
idea what drunk man competition what
this guys don't want to do a strongman
coverage it's like we're in the airport
before he came to LA because you don't
know we're going up against no it's real
like I was saying before my camera
rudely died and interrupted me and Omar
Strongest Man competition - I know what
are those guys voice cracks what are the
events we always start with the squat
toss wow this is what we do when we're
bored guys case squat boss and we're
gonna do the follow up followed by the
we just come there's no worries about
shadows Shawn what do you mean the only
reason John let me boil the Rings yeah
can I hold this hold this let me show
you the Rings you guys might not want to
see me Olympics too many trivia question
how many rings five one two three on top
two on the bottom five yeah how many way
with me hey Siri hey Siri how many
championship rings does Kobe have how
many raises yeah
I can't even see I'm not a basketball
fan as you guys can tell but five rings
does he have a five yes fun right well
there's five again so without further
ado let's get into the Strongest Man
competition better guys I think the
clubhouse elevator is officially broken
I just saw I just tried going to third
floor and look what happens when it
closes watch this is gonna stop right
there Oh God
yo is the scariest thing ever guy I'm
literally like one of my biggest fears
ever is getting trapped in the elevator
and there's no like closing elevator
button here it has the open it does not
look close and I just put my hand here
to tug it okay thank you oh I'm moving
up a little bit I'm moving I'm moving
I'm moving to move it up moving thank
you Matt you're closing down and there's
no lights at work there's one two lights
I like the sticks that work please let
me a hundred please for me okay please
please all the way okay never never
going in there again we have the
Strongest Man competition battle down
haha in the left hand corner we got
omaree mid standing at five foot four
weighing 345 pounds favorite sport but
wait basketball I brought a friend
we got Jay Paul let's go Daniel left
quarter B's favorite thing it slid team
Tang baby hey
I'm just gay so for the first round of
the Strongest Man competition I choose
to do bench we're gonna do something we
can pull it started light baby just get
it go big or go home all right
you can just one that's right yeah
one Wow
yeah Omar shelter with you don't know
movie the wait no this is the strongest
opportunity how much do you weigh
this is Chinese company matter bro so I
should put this strong man or compare
wait I'm not 180 er what victory hundred
yeah so she takes my this 75 later than
you and so realistically I should go
medicine run like I don't have children
bet must get all right let's see if you
got it if not then this is a 1-0 wolfy
and by the way we're going up to five
six to five losers
mr. five no no the real Strongest Man
little wishes energy I'm strong to that
competition giving up the rack to next
you can go first you do five keep up to
the mess you're gonna go you're gonna
throw it off here
do not kick all right keep up first I do
that we try something a little easier
Wow just cuz you don't bring capacity to
do things I can't doesn't mean I could
do your weight do my truck no I just
ride it in like 10 seconds so that was
just like a quick little
oh no you missed the games of the odds
book disqualified one-one next up on the
strongman competition
I weighed three plates where I can still
carry it like this I like this
hey Mari I was like boy seven money you
start at the bottom start at the bottom
okay and no swinging your legs no
swinging all right that's two two one
two
and what world we have the foot if you
wants me yeah replay the footage
actually bro just to show you up here we
go watch this
all right here you go yo Jake Jake Jake
where are you my dude
I'm Chris Gayle that's the competition's
over I would guys the end of the vlog
Silvia is doing my hair as you guys can
see it is now getting fixed from what it
was in the pool and now with the fade oh
I'm gonna look fresh as hell for
tomorrow's photo shoot so I'm excited
for that but I'm gonna end the vlog but
I'm gonna end the vlog off now because
it's like 3 a.m. and we gotta get some
sleep
as soon as I'm done this I'm passing out
right away but if you guys enjoyed the
vlog make sure to go down and smash the
like button again shut it - Dollar Shave
Club do not forget to check out my link
in the description it'll be right at the
top so you can save your facial hair -
not even just your facial peels - it's
gonna be late let's say 35 thousand
likes on this vlog and I will see you
guys soon are more Wolfie where we stay
a little bit more sours in my main
channel get ready Ryan's weed is coming
Ryan and Omar and me never been in the
same city at the same time except for
Ottawa ok never been in the same u.s.
city yeah I don't know what I'm saying
I'm tired guys love you so much I'll see
you guys tomorrow please
