morning what's up in football wall face
good morning wolfy let's get a chip
where we'll be welcome back to another
vlog try to Adam for doing my intro
right now we are headed to breakfast and
then we have a very very very busy day
today I have this pimple like how my
forehead like a bunch of pimples random
for the past couple days but I'm not
wearing my hat I'm out in the open
hashtag no makeup challenge whatever I'm
not trying to cover it up today like we
covering it up just because it's down a
little further it's way too small for my
head right now but let's get the day
started I hope you guys are having an
amazing day and Adam what do they need
to do okay guys you heard the man smash
the like button you will have good luck
for this whole week because I know this
video is dropping on Tuesday so from
Tuesday until Sunday and maybe a little
longer if you smash it like billions of
times for every video you're going to
have unlimited good luck you know what
that means you're finding $20 bill on
the ground you're going to have good
luck and your Twitter and Instagram
followers are going to go from like two
hundred to seven hundred thousand all
you got to do is watch like but not
trust me guys we're starting the day off
with some dog dog tricks sit good boy
see these geniuses hey good boy the dogs
are still learning my tricks we have a
position of too much sake though anyway
go get breakfast quick little breakfast
you guys already know the farmers choice
is my go-to with the egg the pancakes
which I don't eat because I'm so full by
the end and then the meat breakfast time
do you guys know and then these guys on
the booth next to us we couldn't sit all
together they had the separators but
your boys go to mug
so we're gonna get Adam some hundred my
chocolate chip and it's a pancake also
apple juice apple juice what a bond with
you two yesterday you know it is teacher
I already knew what is it la yo yo guys
David David David David do it - David oh
no no the other one the other one out of
out of the other one the bongo one
what did Bongo teach you Adam what you
just did to me food porn alerts me son
ripe strawberries oh oh yeah that you're
traveling on fresh unless they're green
and red guys you want to color guys I'm
super excited because the weather you
can slowly see it used to like be super
bipolar with its weather so like it
would be hot one day cold one day hot
one day cold another day but now
literally it's just like staying not
really hot today but like it's pretty
good outside you don't learn how to ride
you know how to ride your healing I
don't so Adams going to learn how to
write he's never written
Oh guys you guys know what Healy's are
the shoes with the wheel in the heel the
hip hip hop and hip hip hip knee hop hop
hop only the coolest kids wear those so
Adams going to wear those later but now
I have to separate some silly on Adam I
have to go get my camera fixed Sylvia
has to go do stuff with Adam and I gotta
wait for the boys I'm gonna meet up with
you guys in a bit okay quick little
mystical Mike whoa
spiked ball here hey oh don't go to
extra on this yeah yeah I got some
rallies here you won't see you again
woo
so we just finished playing spike ball
and we're going to get Gatorade we
decide we're going to do the credit card
game if you don't know what it is you
put credit cards and a hat whoever its
credit card is drawn has to pay for
everything if you deliver this no no no
oh we do elimination guys chanting I'm G
wait don't don't pick it out don't pick
it out
you guys thought I was attacked
yesterday Johnny no album vs. LA I go by
we're link in the description I think
it's in the districts in the scripture
how to pickle the first day first guys
ready I'm not showing these okay I go on
oh shit dad yes yes okay yeah Kato is
just 800 AD a table with more than just
a game okay pick up pick it up no the
current size occurred to me you're David
universe on our left we're gonna get it
karma is a mine yeah
yes guys amazing yeah I'm not paying
Casey you know how I was telling you
guys about how my screen was broke I
just lost the other screws so this
screen is hanging like on a string right
now so I have to go to Canadian camera
ASAP
like Sean's Ryan the Gatorade so here
are your biggest ones on the body
biggest ones
Sean's line Greg is my friend take your
the blue is a blue oh this is too small
you guys have bigger ones in the back to
imagine the bulk size grow four leaders
realize it's 20 more sensitive I are 30
March
divide the bigger ones though but the
squirt is narrow this is a different way
so much is in that one least 950 950
verses like 7 something and a squirt jaw
one's yellow nah not yellow no seasick
said yellow
I'm Michael Perry broke blue parrot is
survivable guys my camera's so broke up
but free Gatorade makes the day better
guys we're having an argument Coke or
Pepsi please comment down below if
you're a Coke or a Pepsi person DJ said
Pepsi kayo hold on and pace on bongo
bongo bro please don't let me down on
this right now
Jon it'll be honest if you can have it
if you can have a cold can of coke or a
cold can of Pepsi which one are you
choosing you bro bro do you think cokes
more Poppins and Pepsi like just a mail
call yeah it's the university racing bro
he is more than his Sean and David are
pent up to a friggin dive refuses to
take their fucking singing out poppy
balls like black crime in America why
would you realize are you like okay yo
cut cut guys we're back at Canadian
camera can they fix my camera you can't
see me because my camera screams so
broken but I'll let you know yes I fix
the camera we're good to go
but he said is that the threads on the
camera are like very shallow so pretty
much this is its last lap we still have
that six-week repair time on the other
camera that I have so r.i.p I might have
to get another camera but these are just
the problems we have when we do daily
vlogs like this so it's just a vlog life
and I'm going to do it for the wolf Sam
because I can't give up on the vlogs
okay guys so today is a whole gone wrong
day jad wanted to film like a punching
game or something at laser Quest so look
at this we came to laser Quest we are
here in the parking lot we just checked
the Anakin slowly is going to come here
with Adam - and they open at I think by
it's 3 o'clock and we're not trying to
wait for two hours so we're like yo just
go to sky Zone which is that trampoline
park probably called something else
where you guys are from but the
trampoline park that just has like the
basketball nets and bear trampolines
they're closed on Monday
and on every other day of the week
they're open at 4:00 p.m. so now I got
to figure out something plans ease
nd if this card doesn't settle down I'm
crushing eyebrows on fleek
disfrute so as you guys can see Home
Depot is known for its water softeners
flooring garage doors blinds water
heater doors windows carpet kitten sits
in green goose water boost consolidating
chocolate shit bitches Tim what is that
called
I'm gonna say Jimmy Neutron Fairly
OddParents looking at but guys I always
look for supplies it like you don't well
I already know what I need to know
employees going to know what that needs
but what I do need is one of these so
I'm looking for steel rods you see if we
can find that this guy's how you found
them first repeat these these are
literally like rods four bucks each mod
tall stacking bare things on each one of
them for this one not this one's like
2000 aisle 10
these are Bend up though yes kind of
bendy and once it has stuff on it's
going to be trendy but this is like
worst-case scenario big this is taller
than me I think this is what you saw
is that really all rods and chips Oh
those ones are six wow this is oh that
one's leaving yeah that's what I was
thinking how much is that no no no no no
change
where's the price eleven fourteen
fourteen beam stage we found a gold mine
alright guys I just want to show you
what the user actually meant for we're
using it for a free video with the dress
I forgot to pick up bags this one air
conditioners this one supposed to be in
the middle of bricks
refrigerator because you think this
buddy is me when I actually got acne
told me to go to the seasonal section
for burgers I might like a liquor store
he doesn't go we type things up guys
these are big rods Hey look at this
so guys literally we ordered so much
stuff from McDonald's that it's taking
forever but we met up with a billion
fans but they said it was going to take
us like I think or they said it was
going to take them another 20 to 30
minutes to construct what they are
making for you boy so I'm in the back of
the mall right now
as you guys can see there's like an
entrance right here and there's like an
entrance right here when you're Wolfie
you can go go ahead to the front of the
store you go to the boxes going in right
if a truck comes right now take one of
that boy to check it was a little bit
now in the scene door anyways we're
behind them all we still got time to
kill you want to hop the fence and just
like try and get on a bus and local
imagine cutscene we're on the bus if you
guys are ever wondered DIY how to get
into any movie theater free we're behind
the movie theatres now this is the door
this is like the internists door that
all movie theatres have basically when
you walk down to the very bottom and you
always see the employee working and they
check off some random sheet mid movie
this is the door that they can come out
of all you got to do is knock on the
door like this three times like that
done and they will let you in every time
100% hat guaranteed
I will fan you already know what it is
oh my god this is so low hold on let me
rise it a little bit so I don't know if
you guys know if you saw my vlog has to
be basically Adam that noise over there
a five year old till these little
brother is here and she challenged me
he's totally with us do it try not to
laugh challenge come here come here
so me and then my brother right here
Ryan swings are gonna do it try not to
laugh do not show that game yeah yeah
just give us some judge your judge
machines you received you so basically I
picked up two videos me and Ryan you
already know how we do try not to laugh
and you find on everything try not to
say try not to grab rope yeah basically
we've done everything but this time
Adams gonna join us and he's five so
he's probably gonna laugh at all this
stuff so if he laughs if you laugh Adam
you get ice cream if you don't laugh you
get ice cream look there's no who think
you should join it all right come on in
okay okay Adam come here okay
out of the chair now I know are you
ready
you're not reacting to nerf guns no
we're not reacting to their failure this
is not good I'll be careful be careful
okay so this is the job we're going to
try the jobs like this sides of punching
borrow the biggest Russians up because
Oh be careful
you can't see anything yeah we'll be
back
okay first deal is to try not to lastly
you can be laughing ready but you have
to pay attention to the video okay three
two one plate yeah you guys go Barry
no oh he meant to fall back in oh no oh
no no no no no this is nephew Prince
ciao
no laughing I was district and the dog
what a heck what it what's gonna happen
when is it so stop stop stop stop stop
what
I don't nice with the child actually
good this is you out of May in the
middle no I'm not laughing I'm not only
have a why is my leg not how do you not
back yet I don't we you fight laughs
yeah you're laughs Adam did you or did
you not laugh okay
no cheating Ryan what is yours when you
go somewhere else
no cheating going on here the jokes over
else and let's play a game
no tickling all right keep going yo yo
yo yo yo chill smiled Ryan losing oh my
god no no no no how it is funny yeah how
is that funny you know this is actually
low-key hard on challenging academ right
now yeah that was good yeah he's agreed
you suck in you then really you might
end up like oh the water bottle quick
I've seen a lot of these memes and stuff
by I can't laugh and to get this dog and
you can't make me laugh no no no he does
to me hey first of our super super
Institute don't worry on my progress you
guys man you guys to do that all the
time
whatever I give up my auntie's just like
ma many like this look at their daughter
I can't do that that's an easy joke you
Adam
not not nothing laughing maybe I can
cause on this video Yeah right good luck
I was driving to my flower out of my
pocket
okay just curtain me Adam high five me
and Adam are winning this one we're
going on to 100 do I know Charlie my
drive I didn't smile
when you smash them I didn't even smile
what's that here's my second video and
Adam won the first one so no laughing if
you win this and I don't win go away is
it hard jump okay
I'm not smiling I hear it okay fine
okay well I'm lost one point for the
atoms no in your mouth no no my hat
yeah when you fall back okay seen it
already
oh oh
hydraulic press alert we're gonna Forge
Road - well I predicted it Albert's not
there for lemonade you haunted Raven
that's or even stop - now she's gone
that guy's been again and burn her and
then she got dropped it on her you
didn't drop it on everybody got happened
right Club yeah mmm sure I don't you
miss competition yeah Adam of you if you
could pass the next three videos in this
then you win okay here's one you have to
look at you can't look away back in one
hand I love to get no okay you win the
champion I I'm gonna do this oh please
none of it this is this is a adapt every
atom is the winner five years old they
kill the comments subscribe to his
channel
okay I might be slice we are driving the
air
okay he's firing on Vito Adam one shot
it to him I'll leave a channel in the
description how many subscribers can we
get a five let's get out of town one
thank you Sarah you are one hundred
million thousand hundred million how
many like you on this video
ten million hundred thousand pretty
happy forty thousand like you are you
doing visual Tim anyway oh yeah
and one more thing okay one more person
at the top of the description for riots
wait why you baby but now we're gonna go
get some fish eyes oh my god guys
literally I do not know how a five year
old can have so much energy this guy
literally is like a friggin battery so
basically we finished filming and then
we played more nerf I think Adams
addicted to nerf guns for like half an
hour and I just took them home right now
to go to sleep this is bedtime so he's
gonna put them to sleep but I get to go
get wing Oz with the boys hopefully they
give me bone because usually I go there
and they give me like I don't know why
they put meat on the bone
because I always just tell them just
give me the bones at all and I'll eat
the bones but it's like it's like weird
so now your boy is gonna go catch up
with Ryan and Bongo and it's gonna be a
little time just to say is that you can
make it right
I'm so annoyed when they start giving me
chicken holy
every time I coming I just ask for bones
every time oh my god
I'll eat them but I don't want them like
what yeah so I just picked up Wolfie for
my mom's house he was there but he got a
haircut today look at how cute this dog
is right now goofy
show them your face show them your face
good boy
any smells literally like coconuts SBUs
clean his face is clean as nails or
shaved his paws are like sandpapered or
whatever they do to dogs claws and the
first thing you did when he came home
was wanting to friggin cuddle Prince so
now I got both dogs with me they're
being G's right now and wolfy smell you
smell too good he's not too good lovey
good boy so I not know I'm going to
cuddle up with wolfy and I'm gonna end
the vlog off here I gotta spend some
alone time with the boys so if you guys
enjoyed the vlog be sure to go down and
smash that like button hey Prince we
doing what you doing one do extra lift
up tomorrow okay we'll do extra stuff
milk we low-key miss Prince to the
second appointment of puppy kindergarten
because we were too busy today but we
will go soon right wolf
okay come here again if you guys enjoyed
the vlog go down as fast like one will
feel any like a lot of likes ok he's too
busy trying to smell Prince we want
30,000 likes also comment down below
Wolfie
don't come down below Wolfie Wolfie what
are you doing comment down below prayer
hands because as you guys can see a mat
we got some prayer hands prayer hands
and I will be commenting back to the
early gang that comments that and I will
also hurt a bunch of your comments but
again I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage in my many channel and as always
stay savage Lego
