hey old furniture boy wolfy welcome back
to more wolfy today we are starting the
day off by going to get the dogs
Sylvia's not coming with me Adam do you
want to say hi to the video guys this is
my number one wolf Pam you already know
it is what's your YouTube channel I
guess I am subscribe to his channel his
videos might be private
but he has 22 subscribers right now
let's get him to at least a thousand
subscribers so he's gonna meet the dogs
for the first time and then I don't know
we're gonna do for the date you want to
you want to buy nerf guns we're buying
nerf guns today we're having a war today
whatever nerf gun you want from the
store I'll buy you except it can't be as
big as mine it has to be smaller okay he
gets the mega one and I gotta buy new
nerf guns today let's get the day
started
sit sit this is Adam young young Cesar
Millan good boy right there
wait you can hold on to it and just have
it in your hand they won't bite your
hand sit oh yeah just wait till he's
calm good boy dogs are snakes they only
do what's gonna benefit them good boy
Prancer will do two more in a video you
like we're trying to cut such a youtube
all yeah yeah yeah I tried with a bunch
of the boss probably the plastic that
bow good boy Prince down you have your
treat
good boy look at you you're gonna show
it to him and just like make them wait
for a few seconds six down
Luffy is me good boy good boy good boy I
think we should be good right now yo you
take these trying to space
or John Heinz bees early Frank worse
this one won't pretend you're asleep so
he can try you're okay we can try go
deserve anyways guys okay that's it Adam
this is Ryan right you know what it is
the Frank gone wrong but Adam how's the
toy do you like it all right a toy
review channel now 100 million views you
really like the toy yes the gun quality
is just too Grigio I
yeah you can shoot I am teach you Ryan
on your what I don't need the new guys
the outfit of today told Wolfie old
Wolfie but the Sperrys can you see the
shoes are mine I started with this
though it's like yo that would have
taken great rate Ryan down below or rate
me cuz look at this got this one this
little windbreaker it's fresh the
windbreaker the Dita's hat I got it
first I got pretty damn sriracha so head
on and short up my pants and I'm wearing
out flip-flops flip-flops and socks
right now cuz I didn't expect to go to
the mall but we're going to go to
Chipotle alright nicotine now so let's
get it how's business today Dave
guys there's two guys never fail to
amazing you can't keep your out
literally we traveled all the way to
this mall just to get support lay your
bongo you see this sweater yeah it's
unreal you know it's all fun you and
everyone know just are kind of funny
sometimes but oh okay okay
usually I play with Ryan kid Ryan's not
that wavy he'll does the only shirt with
text on the braid out bro no you know
you need to take a little time reflect
on yourself bro get your together
and come back to me when you have a nice
joke of course anyways guys literally
were shopping for I was looking for
ripped jeans but they don't have any
that are nice or whatever that fit me so
basically these are like the selection
that we have to choose from none of
these are in my size none of these are
in my size these are whatever I don't
like the block on those these are a very
quick shopping trip because Chipotle is
right below us so we came here for
Chipotle we might as well mom bought
might as well do like a quick little
shot oh my god hey hmm Coachella collab
Coachella is over by the time this ball
comes out Coachella is done but I hope
you guys enjoyed the second weekend of
Coachella if you went first weekend was
lit so if you guys went let me know in
the comments how the second weekend was
you're Ryan come here come here come
here bro back up bro you're too close
room your frigging tool clothes back up
yo I got burrito for all man's a new
romance
for all menswear trust me I got burrito
for almonds almonds I got the breed out
there okay but very quick mall trip you
got the Chipotle boys and girls you're
headed out yo it's freezing in this
party not no it's like five degrees
though literally it's like five degrees
in this parking lot I swear it's so cold
I see bro yeah yeah wait for your car
someone might kid it's gonna said Kia oh
my god guys it is beautiful outside
today people are literally playing
baseball very cute couples going on a
walkway down over yonder another couple
going on a walk and then there's just us
we're about to film a video for Davis
channel I don't know what it is
but he says it's outside and we could
use some fresh air especially with my
allergies they've been really bad so
there are you ready to get spanked play
ball with the kids they're also easing
they're calling you right now listen bro
I don't know what we're doing but all I
know is if I flip this water bottle I'm
winning okay we'll show them what your
setup is right now this be small this
game is there a camera tripod guys David
David's a funny you guys the funny guy
guys I don't know if he plays but he's
funny guy okay guys finish filming
very tiring but quick little workout in
with the boys and now time to go back to
Adams doing okay guys so right now we
just picked up Sylvia and Adam so this
vlogging right now we are taking Adam to
go somewhere he has no idea where we're
going but you guys might know where
we're going though we're going to a lip
I actually can't even give you any hints
basically we're balling out right now so
you guys probably know I talked about it
nerf guns
possibly Adam what how do you wearing
right now well how do you weigh Julia
what does it say on it you can can you
see the Frank yeah what's the fun see
guys number one wolf M can you see what
the front says I'm cheese anyways guys
I'm not cheese right now we're going to
go somewhere special so I'll be there
two seconds we are here we have arrived
at Toys R Us let's see what this guy
this has a cop there is a nerf gun sign
ahead and I think that is where we are
headed right now guys Adams turning up
for the vlog Adam are you a Savage
okay he's aside you said he was a savage
earlier dis Savage we are going shopping
let's see how much this kid's gonna
break my bank right now to be honest I
didn't give him a limit so he might just
go off oh my god he's already anyhow
here we go
let's get that
how do you like this one that one's
crazy this one's like $24 so this one's
$20 this one's good
no these ones are nice $5 this one's
good you sure yeah
Adam will get you this alright the one
with 3 megabytes and 3 small birds it's
a cop I have the big one and yeah we're
gonna need lots of ammo for you remember
the big one at my house then you broke
the one at my hands
I don't broke the one of my house I'm
gonna need another one okay so we're
gonna need another one - is there any
Meg oh my god is that the nerf gun oh
jeez
he's like zombie edition where's there
the mega bullets are those that's like a
saw that's a saw and a gun that's crazy
that one's for the zombies is there any
mega yeah oh here's some zombie edition
so update on the cart guys one gun - gun
ammo ammo ammo big big gun we just found
that there's a huge wall of mega guns
and mega darts and stuff like this
don't fall be very careful be careful
this guy's a young Tony Hawk don't fall
Adam should be wearing a helmet so guys
just coughing everything they got bowled
skateboards here jeez you know you made
it when you have stuff in toys or I'll
shut up - dude perfect these guys kill
YouTube ridiculous goals so you don't
even it drives itself to shoot whoa you
want that this one I think this one
takes batteries - really
I don't even know how to use this one Oh
God okay $300 that's yeah this was cheap
listen cheap I'm just gonna put this one
back put this back
this was 300 I don't know what it is
with kids but for some reason Adam does
not want to go P it you can see that
he's wiggling and that he needs to go P
so so here just forced him to go to the
bathroom
otherwise he wouldn't get the nerf guns
so I'm just waiting out here right now
and I spotted some beyblades I don't
know they still made beyblades like that
but your boy is very tempted to grab one
of these ridiculous launchers along with
some of these beyblades and get one of
these stadiums I'm probably gonna do it
but if I do it you know I'm not just
gonna have regular beyblades I'm gonna
go off add some knives add some blades
you already know what it is it's gonna
be crazy
smash the like button if you guys want
to see me try out that I feel like we
can get them a lot more dangerous I have
never seen a more wavy kid's toy in my
life literally if I had like three
colors of crayons and like three markers
in my pencil case I was amped so tell me
how some kids gonna pull up to school
whip out this briefcase and have every
damn color known to man crayon oil
pastels glue scissors you're the real
MVP if you show up to school with one of
those
everyone in classes your best friend
Wolfie Wolfie come here so guys we set
up or they set up I was uploading my
vlog but I don't set off all the guns so
basically Adam I need you you can carry
Prince Prince this is like what are you
doing on my I got you
Prince you gotta go on your cage because
there's gonna be nerf guns bullets
flying everywhere about to have a war
and oh good boy
okay Adam you need to show everybody how
these work yeah the tutorial guys
you got it you got it okay so this is a
big one I think this one in the
batteries are in this one's automatic oh
my god okay so that one you you just
grabbed two handles and then it fires
like billions of shots so that's that
one okay we'll put them back in after
which one you obviously you see next one
let's see one of the smaller ones this
one by the way guys this one my
Megalodon is broken we don't know how to
fix it okay this one we had to buy new
ones okay which one you like better this
one when you have or this one with the
mega bullets okay let's go now I'll give
you a target you have to hit this is
what you gotta hit the doorknob which is
like ten feet little more than ten feet
probably
whoa I know you're scared of the bullets
kind of so shook of the bullets he
doesn't want me in anger
okay you have four shots you got to get
as close as you can to this how many is
there one two three four five six six
shots K six shots this is a test number
two guys let's see the speed of this one
shot number one oh my god I went behind
the TV shot number two well you gotta
twist it did it come out okay shot
number two gotta load it you want the
door handle okay you're aiming too far
to the left
shot number three Adam step your game up
you got a billion people watching you
right now
you're still aiming at the wall shot
them before and you just shot you got
you gotta twist it one more time I think
I should be good here we go that was
close
that was the closest one okay that
counts now he hit it almost basically
you have one more bullet and then you
can use this one it's a megabytes
you almost smoke salvia in the head here
use this one so now we have the mega oh
Jesus we have the mega bullets and Adam
is literally cast dangerous around these
weapons kid not me no you know geez
shooting at the ground never a good idea
right now to be honest pretty close
those bullets wait
yeah how do you aim how do you aim here
we go three two one
I thought the TV broke right there yeah
the TV might have semi broke oh no it's
good it's good
excuse me oh no bullet you played
yourself congratulations
so now we are going to load these nerf
guns up and get right into the war wolfy
you have to go into the cage as well
buddy I love you but you don't want to
be in the war zone
okay guys so we're going to start this
nerf war it's gonna be intense
I got tough competition this kid look at
this I've combined all three guns one of
them's upside down this is like the most
expensive nerf gun
you guys saw how much I spent at the
store on this this one's broken so Adam
you go it's too heavy for you can you
take broken guns make sure it doesn't
fall all right so I've got a broken gun
and I have three expensive guns together
this one yeah but they're together
technically this one has some sharp
sniper bullets this one's deadly this
one has some big thick daddy bullets
this one's in between auto auto fire it
just goes like automatic without further
ado let's start the war my gun loaded
I'm hiding behind the couch I'm gonna
try and pick them off like this when we
start the game here we go okay are you
ready okay from a distance come out what
are you hiding I can't top right here
though I know you're running it
oh my god it's broken its broken spring
good boy
it's got a little diesel I don't even
have close to as much both of them but
I'm really trying my best
we need to knock your gun is broken
okay time ouch game on let's go yeah I
know
come come come come
move your field
it's two-on-one they have a shield
oh my god guys I cannot fight like this
no one needs more animal I have six
shots my camera's breaking oh my god
I've been hit I've been wounded so many
times I gotta reload you guys just when
I thought I was done I fixed it why you
should step back step back if you take
one step closer
Oh choke choke choke my gun is bigger
than Adam a little step step back step
back
that's cool guys I got the biggest gun
it's ready
magley got time don't come yo come out
of the door where are you going whoa you
guys gotta go back in your room you guys
gonna go after your dog I know I'm I'm
coming I'm coming
can't see me still
I got the gun I'm gonna close the shower
curtain I'm ready come on I'm not coming
out there must be a dream
I need a pistol or I'm not coming out of
the room
slide the pistol under the door okay if
you come in and shoot me okay
pit put the pistol put it down okay okay
okay okay okay now let me close the door
okay close it thank God I have no gun I
rented this room with no good guys oh my
god I got full ammo screw it we're
going out
I don't care I don't care we're gonna be
good whatever get his hurt two versus
one yeah boy does not stand a chance
take all the big guns
I got the small gun trying my best last
night ey they got me here I'm going down
I'm hiding in the corner all these guys
all these bullets I'm dead somebody get
the gun away from him we're done we're
done okay I saw I'd literally just
pulled up to the boys house and what you
are about to witness it's probably gonna
be one of the most jokes reactions
you've ever seen basically to sum it up
really quick we figured out basically
that Ryan's phobia the thing that he
cannot stand looking at I don't think
it's that bad but this guy cannot look
at like hairless animal and I know
that's really weird to say because who
was looking up like hairless animals but
he did a video on like ten things that
you should not Google and one of the
things was basically a hairless raccoon
and then off of that he found what a
hairless bear looked like now I'm gonna
show you what it looks like if you guys
get like nauseous really quickly I
suggest you look away right now cuz I'm
about to show you in three two one
I don't think it's that bad but that is
what a hairless bear looks like okay you
take off the hair of a bear i frickin
sound like dr. Seuss saying it but like
you take off the hair of a bear and
that's what it looks like my phobia is
tribe phobia or trypophobia whatever
it's called it's like the fear of like
those small like circles it's really
gross don't look it up
I cannot stand that but I'm gonna go
into the boys house and be like Ryan
like Selena Gomez just dropped like a
fire pick bro you have to see it and I'm
gonna have this picture of the hairless
bear and I just want you guys to see
rods reaction
daddy daddy daddy
he knows my weakness guys anyways we
just had the boys watching the Toronto
game mainly COS just inside the game
himself guys show loves just look just
look you look good jab Oh point this way
is this disgusting cuz Ryan thinks this
is disgusting it's a hairless raccoon
bro
I swear Ryan legit has a phobia the
shoulder band should act like it's bad
he's shook he shook three foot long subs
for $21 one two three we're ending the
night off with subway guys it's honestly
I think it's like 1150 a night usually
I'm on till 4:00 but for some reason
your boy is absolutely exhausted right
now I've been running around all day so
I do want to end the vlog off there if
you guys enjoyed make sure to go down
smash that like button let's hit 28
thousand likes on this blog comment down
below subway is lit if you guys
smuggling subway comment that down below
o comment what sub you get because your
boy is falling out right now I'm getting
chicken bacon ranch usually I'm a
meatball guy save save some of that
money
from this guy but what is your favorite
sub comment down below and if it's
chicken pizza Ola just don't bother
commenting if it's friggin egg salad
sandwich whatever don't comment tuna
just don't comment but anything else on
the menu chicken bacon ranch comment or
sticking cheese what's your favorite
steak and cheese this chicken bacon edge
how much you can make your management
but meatball if you're trying to save
yeah yeah oh I must look cool cut it's a
gay cold cuts over of cold cuts all
comment yours down below please team
chicken bacon ranch someone start a
hashtag now we'll see you guys soon on
more will be where we stay
Oh what are you gonna say if you don't
like the pizza Yolo you played yourself
a little though guys you only live once
grab the people Yolo and where is it
that's on there bro Floyd men your life
seeker with you I don't know where I am
with my outro but I will see you guys
soon on more we'll see where we stay a
little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage they
go
