good morning a yo with her Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie already know
what it is we start every morning right
now
listening to our theme song which is
unforgettable you already know what it
is it's a bad years advance you guys
need to learn just bounce bounce your
shoulders that's all you guys need to do
just bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce
anyways what's poppin wolf am i hope you
guys are having an amazing blessed big
master like button if you guys are said
it for a new vlog I guarantee if you
smash the like button your crush your
going to text you today so hurry up got
5 seconds 3 4 5 4 3 2 1 okay but right
now I'm literally just pulling up to the
boys house I've been editing all morning
yesterday was a bad day because when me
and Ryan were filming that real-life
rootin into a video the camera dropped
and I broke it so then I went to the
camera store yesterday and I thought I
was smart because the first camera and
like usually when I buy cameras I don't
get warranty on them but I was like yo I
bought like $150 warranty this is going
to be set so I go into the store and I'm
talking to the dude and the guys like
yeah it's gonna be like a six week
repair time six weeks okay six weeks
how is like I don't consider myself a
daily vlogger but I'm pretty damn close
to that how is it virt time vlogger
supposed to go six weeks without a
camera thank God I have this old camera
that I took to that Canadian camera
store shoutout to them the dudes are
super nice I never not to pay for that I
should have went to that store to try
and get a fix but the guy even said if I
go there it's going to take four weeks
there even though they probably could
have done it on the spot luckily I have
this baby so hopefully I don't drop this
baby today
but yeah guys two important things
happening today the first thing is my
brother is having his album release
party and showing tonight so I'm going
to that all the boys are going to that I
think I'm going to sneak my camera and I
don't care if I'm not allowed I'm a
friggin vlogger so I'm bringing it there
so you guys going to join me for that by
the way little promo you can buy my
brother's album in the link in the
description I will leave it there this
guy's been working on it for time so go
support Roary Rainer if you support
Wolfie
you'll go buy it the link will be in the
description for that the second thing is
Sylvia's brother is coming here today he
wasn't supposed to come here this early
but this kid is 5 years old he's number
one wolf Sam and he watches like
literally all about both he's way too
smart for a five-year-old so Sylvia's
gonna pick him up I don't think she can
come to my brother's show cuz she has to
take care of him tonight but the next
week I'm pretty sure you staying for a
week is going to be absolute lit vlog
we're taking this kid to every Chuckie
Cheese I can find every playground I'm
buying him like I think I'm buying him a
ps4
I'm just going to make this kid's week
the best week of his life so that's
another thing but I haven't had my
coffee this morning and as you guys know
there is something going around it's
super viral right now from Starbucks the
unicorn frappe it looks weird and I've
heard mixed reviews on it so I think me
and Ryan are going to go head out there
right now case Texas and if it's not
good I'm a DIY it so let's get it hey
guys so we just drive to Starbucks
the line is Hawken a.m. I think the
uniform crap I only know if it's either
Starbucks I checked like a bunch of
videos and they don't sell it in certain
places of the world
so Canada's usually lasted this kind of
stuff what I'm going to see if they can
tell me what is inside it so I can make
my own if you already know DIY wilfy as
regards you guys saw the uniform drop
like right now can you guys tell me
what's in it I'll get a white chocolate
mocha venti but if you can tell me
what's in it because I want to make one
please mango and mango
pink powder for our basket okay all
right we got the instructions so you
guys heard it they don't have it here
they might have it at another location
about Emma I'm willing to try that out
so basically I'm going to go to ball
Karn and I'm going to cop like a bunch
of the supplies to make it and then try
and make it on my own because people put
it here so basically we're looking for
some of the instructions I looked it up
online and a lot of sites are trolling
what's in it they're just like two
pounds of patience and five drizzles of
stubbornness two things that I did find
for sure are blue dust some blue and
then I think it's pink deulim pink dust
that's what I know I need for sure Ryan
has $1 on them we're going to see if you
can get less than hot is 100 grams 100
and 10 where's the little no no no scale
if you get played outside only use your
eyes and all if I have to fly you off
why you but don't follow me
no not you but trying it under a dog
that's over $1 no but yeah I got over $1
good apparently there's sour stuff in it
as well so I'm grabbing sour patch kids
because I know sour patch kids are sour
and then there's also something called
citric acid which is used for a lot of
sour things so basically I'm going to
use the citric acid and the sour patch
kids as a sour factor but honestly I'm
probably going to go to another
Starbucks that one was super busy and
just see if they can make me something
similar and then if I can add in these
ingredients it should work but this is a
struggle we're going through right now
I'm late on this trend
guys Ryan got something else but this is
99 cents congratulations you can save
your money so we are at the second
Starbucks now basically they're out of
the ingredients so it's all good I just
told them to try and make something that
looks as similar to the unicorn frappe
as possible so I don't know what it's
going to be I don't care what the taste
is but as long as we can get something
that kind of looks like it and I have my
flavors to it this should be really good
so shut up for them for attempting it
okay guys so apparently what is in the
unicorn frappe because a lot of the
employees don't even know what's in it I
had to google it but the Starbucks that
I just went to they made me this this
kind of looks like it it doesn't have
the blue I'm going to add the blue it's
missing like a few things so online
these are the ingredients that I found
please excuse this this girly pop socket
that I have on my phone
I put it on this morning it was just in
my house and now it stucks what cat take
it off well what is in the unicorn trap
is iced milk cream Frappuccino syrup
whipped cream vanilla syrup mangoes
syrup so basically all those ingredients
are the ones that the girl said they had
and so that's what they made even though
it doesn't really look pink enough but I
have pink dyes so we're going to work
with that there is also blue drizzle it
didn't come with blue drizzle as you can
see there's no blue in it so basically I
picked up some blue dye and some blue
sprinkles hopefully that does the job
sour blue powder that's what the citric
acid is going to be used for pink powder
which I picked up and that's basically
it so if I add my sour patch kids and
everything to this then this should be
the DIY unicorn frappe so I'll just give
this a taste this is like as close as
they could make it it's just crazy how I
think it's the girl said it's been out
for like two days and everywhere in
Ottawa is like basically out of the
ingredients they have some but not all
so this is going to be the taste test of
the almost unicorn frappe and then I
will make it and then I'll tell you how
mine compares so here we go I don't what
I don't even know what to classify that
as there's like a little bit of sour
some milk flavoring I could taste the
ice because it's cold it's not like
raspberry like which is going on here I
swear that is the oddest combination of
flavors I've ever had in my life guys
you need to try this but I think the
girl said it might be ending up today
too so you might never be able to try
you're gonna have to DIY like me so out
of ten I would probably give this like
honestly compared to my white chocolate
mocha I'd give it like a seven because
this is nice like on a nice warm day
this cold frappe would be dope but it
needs to be a little more sour and blue
you know what I mean let's get shown oh
my girl Rebecca you already know what it
is if we come to the house we're going
to ask for Rebecca's blessings to make
this unicorn for actual Rebecca do I
have your blessings to have them oh I
have them really amazing Rebecca I
appreciate it thank you so much she said
it guys I have her blessings so let's
get into the unicorn flap DIY God goo
mike and i gmid life okay guys so i
basically played myself I came home and
I didn't bring my camera so right now
I'm using my main channel camera and I
also forgot the Cup in the car so this
is the drink basically I left
wait to sit for a bit but we're going to
DIY it this is what it looks like right
now whipped cream is melted down on the
top got the sour patch kids right here
got the pink dust blue dust and then the
citric acid I don't know how much of
this pink icing color we're going to end
up using but we're going to start with
that because this is like a purple-ish
color so I want to change it to a pink
itchy color so don't have any scissors
in my room we're just going to use a
pencil to stab the top chilli got a nice
dip mark on the top now we're just going
to slide this open remember guys do not
get this stuff on your hand because if
you get ice and color on your hand
you're pretty much old there also might
be some lead in this because I am using
a pencil just going to take the top off
right here oh my god this is not
appetizing anymore and why am i serving
you with this when I fully have a strong
okay so we're just going to drip some of
this out right here I'm gonna have to
use a straw to get deep in there hold up
it mad coloring right here that's
probably too much but let's start
stirring and see if it helps so I don't
know if you guys can see but on my side
right over here it is starting to turn
more pink we're getting rid of that nice
purple color oh yeah let's go pink
unicorn frappe coming up right okay
so fully this is what it was and this is
what we change it to so already we are
doing good let's go love them I think
that might be enough pink to be honest
icing done it's edible icing color I
mean it's used to color icing so I would
assume it's edible so we're done with
that now we are going to take up some of
these sour patch kids hopefully this
works we're going to bite them in half
or rip them in half and just toss them
in the top like this eat a few in the
process so want to make sure we're
getting nice small pieces of sour patch
kids like on top of this because I feel
like if we spread it with the surface
area we're going to spread out the
flavor so mix those down in you can see
I'm slowly going down into the prep I
can definitely feel them with the straw
so I'll be back in a sec once I rip a
bunch of these up alright so I'm
officially mixed in a bunch of sour
patch kids you can't hear it but all I'm
here oh wait maybe ten here listen is if
you listen very closely wolf em you can
hear the sour patch kids rubbing up
against each other in there and I'm
friggin I'm digging this color this
color is really nice next step to make
it even more sour is the citric acid
here we go don't know what citric acid
is I've used malic acid in the past
malic acid is probably the sour
substance in the
world-so citric acid maybe like the baby
form of it or something right here we're
just going to peel off this lid okay
let's see how sour it is oh I look I
need a shrink align that so Sarah oh my
god no joke guys this stuff is almost on
the level of malic acid I don't know why
they just sell this in stores don't know
if you work let me just read if I can
see okay that's French citric acid is a
natural fruit acid with strong tart
taste often used as a flavoring for
foods or beverages used to enhance root
flavors as an antioxidant to control
discoloration of fruits keep out of
reach of children
it should also say keep out of reach of
all feeds because your boy is going off
on the citric acid okay that's
definitely enough to be honest you can
see there's a nice white pile on top
we're just going to do what we did
before and mix it deep in to the unicorn
frappe if this drink is not sour sick in
the world you're putting from a unicorn
frappe to a friggin warhead smoothie
challenge I think it even got more pink
so that dope there we go this is a
picture of a unicorn frappe and that's
the pink literally we have the exact
same color let's get it I'm going to
keep that picture there just because I
need to use it for reference just to
make sure that I'm not fully going off
so now that we got the candy in we got
the citric acid in all of the sours
there the mangos already in there
everything else I named earlier is in
there
the pink food coloring or ice and
coloring is in there all we have left is
to top it off with some blue sparkles or
blue powder whatever they call it like
some blue and pink fairy dust pick them
up these are like three hours each pearl
dust is what is called as lustrous color
to fondant and gum paste decorations so
I'm assuming that's not edible as well
we're just going to take it out of its
package and we're going to sprinkle them
on you guys already know like this
so I don't know which color to add first
so basically I don't have a coin to flip
your coin and you guys know when you
don't have a coin to flip we're just
going to go to the app store I wish I
was hitting sponsor for this and we're
going to just download a coin flip app
scary huh
Chris has a coin flip up for the
indecisive people and just don't know
what to do that have their screen on
like zero zero brightness turn up the
brightness for me other things in front
of my eyes at night okay there we go so
as you guys can see okay that doesn't
count
how do you put like flip touch it or
close it okay so guys I'm going to try
not to flip it as you can see there is
heads right now we're going to flip
together and decide which color to put
in first heads is blue pink is tails yay
that's tails tails
what is that in this tail tail you're
gonna say I'm not used to these American
coins yeah tails which is pink so I'm
just going to pop this open oh my god
how does it smell so like uniforms very
dead now I'm going to give you guys a
close-up on this shot because this is
intense as you guys can see I got my
nice pink fairy dust here we're going to
grab some of it we're going to sprinkle
it on to this and then we're going to
pick it up like salt babe nose oh my god
why is this the most amazing powder I've
ever seen just sprinkle that on that
unicorn fairy dust okay that's very not
convenient that is not efficient guys
we're just going to go like this now now
I don't know if you can see that but
that is sparkly dust we're going to do
the same with the blue directly out of
the container just a dash of unicorn
dust okay I think added too much but it
is what it is now as you guys can see my
fingers turned completely into some
sparkly minion there but you know what
they say if your fingers aren't sparkly
then you're doing it wrong so basically
this is what we have created wolf am I
will show you a picture of what it's
supposed to look like versus what I made
this is expectations vs. reality visions
this is you right here this drink the
colors nice okay the color is nice and
the talks that I can't fill it out but
you can see that there's nice blue
drizzle on the top versus the guys that
she told you not to worry about this is
the guys he tells you not to worry about
so as you guys can see we tried our best
it is what it is that's what happens
when they run out of materials and
ingredients where you're from give it a
nice little twirl the only thing I
missed was like the blue line so just
like I mean I mean what I did miss
anything check this out it's pretty much
exactly like the fidgets look the
whipped cream is even on top it's like I
made the perfect day so now I'm going to
drink it all together all the whipped
creams on top and the blue lines are
still there slowly like this just and
I'll give you guys a taste test so that
is the oddest assortment of flavors I
have ever had in my life I didn't add
too much flour you can still taste the
milk you can literally I don't know what
it is about this stuff but you can taste
like every single ingredients like layer
by layer like there's a little bit of
sour a little bit of sweet milk some
frappe some friggin mangled the mangos
in there oh my god but why the changing
tides are changing colors I think this
is rotting okay so there's your DIY
unicorn frappe try it at home let me
know how it goes out let me know how it
pans oh and you're welcome because our
DIY gods just going to teach way yeah I
got guys here next on the agenda guys
the green screens here give me the free
screen taught come on okay well it was
supposed to be fully set up now there's
this random guy later what Chris just
showed up on eyelid what the heck and
this guy's like filming on my house like
what is going on right now anyways guys
check this out green screen alert oh my
god pulled it for that is on it not a
full green tree in challenge but guys
chill chill chill we're falling we're
literally falling
no no there's a cliff right there bro
relax real life right oh my god I'm
literally in the water I'm swimming
right now this is crazy guys like what
is going on there's a fish right here
this is crazy
Dustin what are you doing smashing like
what whoa this is crazy guys smash the
like button if you smash the like button
so hot ro the desert is crazy whoa I'm
going to space Oh I'm floating in space
Oh Oh anyways guys here's what the green
screen looks like that's the cue show
them how to fold it in case you guys
bought a giant green screen you wanted
to know how to fold an about KOAT
challenge how fast pull I'll beat you
okay start at time 3 2 1 go 1 2 3 4 5 6
ok six and a half give me that okay
Dustin's way black I go with white you
guys hold it just like those little
saucers that you throw in your kid at
the time we're doesn't three two one go
you are into scary okay no rules
how are you just throwing around react
you look long ago ah bad I did six 1000
not six and a half all done didn't leave
me oh yes you tried Gary's been in the
world when you just pop it anyways we're
gonna set it up alright guys so it is 10
21 I think my brother plays at 11 I'm
not quite sure we still have to go to my
mom's house the boys house and a bunch
of other places before we go so I'm
stressing out but I will see you in two
seconds when I go get my actual vlog
camera let's go to the boys house
alright guys we are at the boys tell us
now people were listening to friggin the
Lionel getting ready to go out tonight I
don't know
they're on but honestly if we don't
leave dude we're not going to see them I
think there's the time of the fork thank
you for this how do you reset this what
is it oh my god okay well we're at four
apart okay twelve three partners in
racket time here
yeah
Oh
the line is really long yes
then came the boy fruit you have to do
it though okay guys so literally we just
finished a Lionel show again show it to
them it was crazy now I am with the boys
and we are going to go out because
Silvia has her little brother to take
care of convent Oh in a while so your
low let's get it
wolfram you're coming with me this is
the experience I see from Wolfie hi guys
so I played myself I literally I left my
camera in the car completely forgot to
bring it into the club with me so
basically I'll just explain will happen
it was pretty surance we met some wolf
family met some sways nation you already
know what it is some team algo fam met a
bunch of people went out just go we just
want to go get food ate a bit and now I
am home but it was a friggin very
jam-packed night you guys saw some of
the footage I showed you of the lioness
playing you already know it is it was
lit as health they killed it so shut up
the Lions one more time if I haven't
shared them out enough in this vlog but
I'm home now your boy is here Adams
colouring book is right there I have to
be quiet because Adam is in bed right
now it's pretty late it's way past his
bedtime kind of like 5 years old so so
thing's going to go cuddle with him
right now I have to sleep on the couch
because she's gonna sleep about us
because people to catch up cheese but if
you guys enjoyed the vlog if you guys
are excited for these litte blogs up to
come in the next couple of days go down
and smash that like button let 28,000
likes you already know today's whole
family 28000 comment down below welcome
Adam just welcome ad a.m. welcome Adam
because Loki this kids really smart for
a five-year-old so he'll probably read
the comments and he'll get amped about
the positive comments so comment that
and I will see you guys soon on Murphy
will restate a little bit more ciphers
in my main channel and Ryan you didn't
clean up your mess during your video
space average like a wolf
Ryan clear leave a mess
