and you're welcome to where we'll be
welcome back to more Whoopi you already
know what it is I promise you guys after
we did like the first fruit ninja with
the dangerous vendor toys I said that we
got a certain amount of length that I
would do another fruit ninja with my new
katana so this thing is extremely sharp
but I didn't just get a katana okay I
was on Amazon the other day and I found
a Wolverine claw so we're gonna have
some fun with this bad boy and if you
guys are enjoying the series I want you
to go down and smash that like button or
you can call the like button
let's hit 40,000 like on this video if
you do that I will continue this series
and I will continue to get some dope
weapons to destroy compute with comment
down below what weapons going again I'm
sure a lot you guys know like I could
legit bind ninja stars
I could buy a throwing knife throwing
actors whatever you want comment down
below but there's not much to it Ryan
plays on the camera to get lazy and I
picked out pretty much like everything
that I thought would like look really
cool to get chopped in half so I got the
basics some of these friggin melons that
look like private parts I got water I
got really big bottles because I want to
make some big splashes cope because I
wanted to carbonated drinks because if I
shake this up and then murk it this
could make a really big mess poking my
mom doesn't get mad at me for that I got
start from star boy and cucumber because
I wanted long objects to cut in half
I got banana because Ryan liked bananas
and I knew that if I talked to mark
something pretty wanted kill you those
after I cut them off draw berry some
unwashed green spit right with the Ulta
meeting you just relax you're gonna get
salmonella you guys on the vlog I
couldn't find a bull watermelon so I had
to get a quarter watermelon and a half
hour walk a mile in so that equals to
the knife illegal oh my god oh yes to me
let's give them what is it equal three
quarters of a lots of on all three
quarters 3/4 Johnny doors is math right
whatever these things yeah no this is
enough I love that pineapple Oh actually
got a baby watermelon - I forgot that I
got that
baby one so melon some more cantaloupe
or melon something like that I didn't
sir Primak okay how do you take a video
in French little muscle so how do you
think potato in French but that's all I
swear it's not but that's all
what's pommes de terre pommes de terre
that's right yeah we don't see French
guys anyway without further ado I went
to the store and I take a bear tarts
actually got to use a dollar and I feel
like a lot cheaper than I usually buy
transform so we're going to be going to
the basement
the infamous basement move away from
this DIY kitchen let's get cutting stuff
so the first step is setting up the
tarps guys you already know what it is
we got my katana here
jjt - now just like that now the thing
about these charges I didn't look at the
dimensions so I don't know how big they
are but we could be like inside dollar
mmm frigging tarts I think a life we'll
see here we go guys who's that
good-looking guy over there god damn I
will flatten you sold on the street is
there woman whoa Jesus haircut in the
end so here we go guys but how because
we got loli why the grin one side oh no
no no okay this is a baby curve Wow
do not bite our $2.00 Emma come on how I
look legit this thing about five but
like one to two moms will be a mess I'm
sorry so this is what we're working with
guys honestly not too bad of an area I
wish the area could have been a little
bit bigger but it is what it is we even
have some duct tape here that I didn't
buy it so I'm just going to duct tape
some of the tarps together to make sure
that there's no leakage
because once the coke goes off actually
probably enough to the coke outside
we're going to do the water inside coke
outside so without further ado let's
just tape it up let's get right into
this so the way it's going to work guys
is basically I got my katana here it's
very sharp and just to show you how
something is not going to cut too much
of this but if I just go and rub this
you can already see there's a nice gash
inside of this so we're going to start
GZ and then get harder basically you see
my form I've used a few stores in my day
I feel
ah okay okay I haven't you some sort I
have no clue how to do this I just know
that I can swing some baseball bats like
this I'm going to try not to wreck my
mom's feeling because it's not my health
but we're going to start with what about
and then who are we down to the grapes
and the strawberry because those are
going to involve precision for those one
that probably also be new to over in
cloth so what is chill on that for now
just get some practice in and let's get
cutting
maybe water box changeover guilty okay
I'm going to go on a stout Ranger is if
I thought right through a table in fact
am I going first right okay Oh
first thing go first right if you guys
are smashing that like one for this we
just absolutely stabbed the one on
replay boom let's go a couple more of
those when I was continuing us on this I
need a chocolate half now if you ever
played softball write it down oh oh
trick shot through the detector but I
didn't come here
you'll write it half yeah I know what it
is and just because delicious to fruit
ninja tricks for why am I so leaving
whoever in first sight to neuro pick
back toe let's move on to the half
watermelon it's a shame that there's a
rapper on this one I'm just going to
have to play so I actually hold it up
okay you okay oh my hands just right
there oh we get it we okay this one I'm
going down into it without cutting much
okay so I'm going to holding it in
midair okay okay I'd like to it I'm
doing I got through it right here no no
check this your China
lift it up by myself put it oh okay if I
can't do that consider okay I'm chopping
it directly getting out there's no games
anymore
we're going right down
oh this is the sharpest to tie up
everywhere you go people you want to
watch the melon but we don't waste on my
channel so yeah you want some this Munna
okay watermelon juice cool there might
be a little rotten cabal laughing out in
the heat that's disgusting
we're wasting it let's do it equator
long as you live under strict orders I'm
going to hit the white cap on top okay
watch me just hit right here and it's
going to open so you have to throw it up
nice okay I 800 but we played yourself
Oh get it boom boom okay yeah we get the
waters a clean head shot oh I got its
next oh my god Brian step on it okay
you're ready I'm going to wonder about
science because I'm not be the best
alright guys it's kind of dark out here
and we broke both the lights that we
have this is the best lighting you're
gonna get why we have to do it outside
because I'm not trying to make a mess
especially the coca cokes oh let's just
eat it this is the sharpest April I
literally just did a little kite look at
this square toss I'm going to try and
literally cut it directly in half I'm
going to top down like this guys you
hate do not attempt this at home this is
definitely a way to break your katana
and all a lot of people are cringing
because it's going to hit rock we're
going all-in right now vertical first
high hm
in half bro why is why I feel Zeke the
most accurate thing on the planet that
did nothing okay we've got my water
bottle what you want to do this one can
we talk to you I'll catch it in midair I
will Ram you see the accuracy is getting
there oh my god like my sock is so neat
to one disguise remember oh that's
actually an accurate Iago yo-yo why is
this away Miskatonic touch the hair this
is no $30 Katara guy who directly in
half do we get an instant replay on that
you know it's Mexico so the way it works
guys basically you just slide your hand
in it pretty much fits my hand maybe
just because it's a bigger one didn't
really measure anything it's got the
three blades they're pretty sharp on top
but on the bottom they are very sharp
the poker is not too sharp I mean it is
what it is I paid like 40 bucks for this
I can't complain so basically you just
want to put this on really tight so it
doesn't fall off there's actually Loki
stabbers on each side which are very
sharp I got a skull here and basically
this is a real-life Wolverine cost so
we're going Wolverine class let's see
how that's works and it's got to imagine
that I'm Wolverine some Logan cook that
looks good shake Oz okay on the skin
room as he goes I'm going uppercut
hopefully I don't mess it's ease off a
little bit I got more space with the
sword so over in closet like homage to
got a member to burst saying it's
already pretty nice building your shadow
already because this is not a joke I'm
going to gun the house book sprayed all
over my take you if the three claw marks
right here throw this case to the tips
are barely short by the way it is cut of
everything I like yeah your dad this is
this coke that we're just gonna the
second one what should we do - it cost
possible yeah down
I've already pretty much committed to
getting absolutely messy so let's get it
no box anymore guys I'm nice for the
elegant passage I'm coming in like God
just so quick 1 2 July this is how
confident I am with this I'm closing my
eyes ok watch it pretty high how many
one is getting tossed like be like three
two on one toss it I'm gonna open my
eyes find it and smoke it on one I can
feel it
two one toss so after I drop you off
every okay three two one
I want to totally be her bro can I hit
it and I just felt a pain right here and
I was like you know what no one you're
in shock in Mesilla just hurts I was
like what's going on dry cut back bro
bro this is over why is there a claw
there and a claw there it's a real
question
Yogi's are done those are old don't even
try to put pokes oh my god yo that was
scary small my life probably top fives
my idea back to the Qataris is not back
to the console oh no no no no no I'm so
scared right now
next all right guys now that I've
decided I'm pretty much the nastiest
leader of all time we're just doing the
samurai sword my Wolverine claws
officially broke so no more that which
one you want to do next time I not my
Napoli oh this would be a nice toss
where I got you one take dropping
directly and after sure oh in half like
this okay let me do one drop
no no yes you ain't talked nope when
he's to the pile no guarantee to know
how you don't need the dog ready morning
Oh BAM right in half give me a nice
chunk of that you know once we put that
meat and I left
oh cool I like my novel you don't hate
this guy um geez it was for riots wait
but same thing about all this message
there is no actual net I'm donating all
this the albo house Bryan's rays are
gonna have food in the next minute you
know pineapples str8 it's awfully sick
you go to fill your head bro Kyoto's
gonna vlog your life we can go in the
world
all right so analyze that but just the
right place here yo give me three to
cover zero oh no great like boom boom
boom
nope one's already cut okay after the
call one okay 202 at the time
okay so great one of these okay okay so
I was just thinking it down no no no no
throw throw them like one after each
other
I literally within like a second each
other for they're like pretty quick it's
the speed round boys and girls here we
go yeah I'm yellow greasy be round head
top yeah I want meat okay okay you need
to right here I want to Nana's three in
a row three in the world nice the hard
round up we're we're starting to move up
too hard so I want to get a hundred
aside let's get how many you have busy
semi stealin three kids George we need
you want one of the time now only should
I do my gorgeous observer what he really
thought the film and really said I want
to try five how he had nice shot and get
how many little bit in the trees are
easy through phenomenal by going over
anyway and I gotta go there we go off
you go away I'm joking
I'll just cure yo yo yo yo yo yo
take you back and please give me some
attainable shot Casey but the one you'd
off the ceiling where I still murky
TEDTalk attainable shot just for you old
fella get it whoo yeah hey you go boo
boo
thanks going up yes every single one
let's go
yeah I know we'll be signing up for
samurai sword lessons I'm too greasy
uppercuts middle right left jab okay
you're out watch this oh I'm looking at
the camera I'm going back like this if I
hit this I'm crazy as hell
if he stood you could pump it
okay before those trick shot let's get
it yet do things if I get hit one of
them like it oh my god
good throw it toward these are like so
it helped me out this is for U of M if I
hit it yo I'm I'm a guy shooting to go
when collectively we're through the
addition is Oh too late shit yo yo your
are you doing it out the movie I don't
have to move it okay you know Ryan says
I want to move it it's a cat off the
move it go this is your check shot
that's your truck over homeboys leaves
everywhere overall non-pom sorry mom
much say it obviously it was the only
nice to know it's so much guys no we're
good
it's my camera broke experience my
camera's broken we'll be back okay guys
so basically we're going to move on to
the small stuff my camera is obsolete
murdered so here just cuts out now you
know what happens though anyways don't
do a trick shot through the katana I'm
just going to cut this over just to say
I did open one how did it great like
really great number and the watermelon
now this banana flying everywhere oh my
god that is the tomatoes right here
which I'm budgeting some crazy shit with
why we want to so satisfied yeah I
wanted to we'll read that the most a
Wolverine are happy over there grapes
which are the last round strawberries
second master on and then star furs can
be like third bathroom so let's just
lurk some Tomatoes
so especially with the tomatoes guys
these are super satisfying because it's
so soft when you stab them with the
sword it's amazing so I'm not going to
try and place them I just want to stop
them just let it sit on the top it's
beautiful okay go if you can get it
beautiful tell me that's not that I just
like they're here okay first one one one
out of how many for one hour four
against four are for no no no no result
a realtor too
or okay let's go for three at least
match it to our four I need to take you
to vent any about oh okay can I place it
two or four I hate Tomatoes oh my fuck
it and let's get three out of four this
one's clean but you did it rules
that's all Pat oh let's go through the
toilet gay I'm going in on the front I'm
not going on this one chubby gonna kill
three do so they also give me a star
fruit or you can cut these like a
baseball skirt once a cold BAM look I'm
waiting for life to Oh in case you guys
are wondering what is inside of a star
fruit yeah yeah I only noticed our fruit
is so that's what's inside a star fruit
we don't care what that one now let me
pitch it to myself real quick and give
it a quick yeah moving on to strawberry
now I'm going to be honest with the
strawberries all I want to do and same
with the Greeks if I can catch one
strawberries and flight one grade I'm
satisfied so it's the productivity a
compilation of me failing but whole do
we get one here we go first one
cool let's go let's go
next not satisfying okay it's not
satisfied but I enjoyed it you get a
critic is grateful the greatest of all
time okay what's the great I don't want
to stab I want a clean slate so I got to
get right a middle of all this
disgustingness I'm long for a clean
place if I get a great time the greatest
swordsman of all time one of the time
the soul will come hand iron orders the
bus Julie hand-eye coordination on wolf
three is going from oh oh God yo-yo and
broke rollover liver how did I just how
did I just do this how did I just do
this how did I just your one more great
i I'm really confident I'll go out of it
forget it let's cool oh come on one more
row ties direct cutting out why am I so
lean right regular girl why didn't it
come on hold of the truth you hunt
that's it that is it boys a girl I'm the
greatest swordsman of all time so I'm
you can see I can cut everything here
the Audion or dudes do not buy Ulrika
officer you don't look at the drinkin
you might cut off your finger don't
attempt at our home but through this
there will be 2.0 max the light one for
a part three and I will order whatever
weapons you guys want me to destroy free
with next time we're doing it outside in
the daytime when I got lots of space I'm
not missing it's going to be wavy so
forty thousand likes for that shut up my
man Ryan plays on the camera so it link
to his channel and top of description
you already know what it is you to.com
slash Ryan sweaty closet closet blase
blase blase um but yeah I gotta clean
this stuff up I hope you guys again you
enjoyed the video make sure to also
comment down below what other crazy
challenges you want to do on this
channel can I look you guys doing
where we stay a little bit more savage
than my main channel and I always spit
surfaces Lego yeah
