good morning Asia what's poppin it's
your boy will welcome back to another
vlog guys what what's up I hope
everyone's having a blessed day right
now smash like button if you love
weekends because the weekend is slowly
approaching smash like button if you
hate weekdays as well because weekdays
are kind of wack unless you like go to
school and like see your friends but
other than that
everyone's looking forward to the
weekend right now guys I'm not even
gonna lie it's 3 o'clock and your boy
just woke up last night I was up to like
5 or 6 am filming a man channel video so
I had to catch up on my sleep
I was also jet-lagged from like the day
before but I didn't allow myself to get
any sleep so right now is one of those
days I don't know how many of you guys
have been on a trip but if you have I'm
sure you can relate to this but like you
go on a trip and then you come home and
you just don't want to unpack your stuff
you don't want to do any other small
little chores you don't want any want to
tidy up your house but right now I'm
afraid to say that's all the little
chores I have to do like I got to go
pick up dog food all the stuff that's
just like you don't really think about
but you just have to do I have to do it
all today anyway shout out to my mom
because you guys know mom to the real
MVP I'm picking up my mom right now and
she's actually gonna help me get my life
in order to try it out everybody's all
over the place so thank you mom I
appreciate it let's get this done so we
can fill some lists up first stop in the
day is the bank we're doing grown-up
things grown-up place she's going to
help me do grown-up things I'm just I'm
still a kid but I'm not going to drag
you guys through this process money and
taxes go Ryan this should be your motto
you're richer than you think okay so
that is the first thing done for the day
the banking and time but honestly I
don't know if I trust the girls in there
I don't think they know what they're
doing I don't know why we can't just go
on to your profile and print up yeah
guys taxes as soon as you get a little
bit older and you have to deal with
taxes it's not a fun time and the one
bank that I went to the closer to my
house basically they did it pretty much
pretty simple last time but then I was
just like you know what I'll give the
other location to try and see what's pop
in there maybe they can get it done
quicker but I honestly don't think the
girl do anything that she was doing so
I'm apparently supposed to get my
information and stuff like that tomorrow
but I will update you guys on that
because I don't think I'm getting it
tomorrow it could be like a week from
now anyways in the same Plaza
is a Petsmart I told you I needed my dog
food I don't even know what
food my dog eat my mom does Silvia does
its apparently this very luxury brand of
gourmet food that costs more than my
food so wolffian plans to better be
happy about this
very last-minute Petsmart appointment
for wolfy jr. wolfy is dirty as ever
right now and this guy hasn't got his
haircut in time like it's super long so
we're gonna so we just booked an
appointment he's gonna get his hair cut
I think next week prince is still a
little too young I think and his hair
this guy looks like he's balding 24/7 so
his haircut anytime soon but I think we
found the raw word broccoli so guys
basically we don't know what to get my
dog's to eat anymore they don't really
eat the patties that you've been seeing
them which are very expensive and my
mom's saying how they're going to get
kidney disease if they eat only dry food
so literally there's so many options the
store is huge I don't know what to feed
these dogs they're so picky sometimes
with other times they just muck the
truth so Wolfie why don't you eat
instinct rob boost small breed log blog
panic and speak right now so guys I'm
not a pet store and I just thought of a
genius idea there's large crickets in
here but there is literally from next
level crawling worms right here so I
think I'm going to call them even though
like they're meant to be fed to me just
like these bearded dragons and geckos
and stuff Ryan is out right now like
they're all the boys are already not
getting food they didn't wait for me so
I think I'm going to buy some worm and
mess with them don't ever go to food
without me again let's get it actually
my mom just chains we gave up there's
these things called hornworms
and these things look a lot more scary
they're like blue and if i zoom in on to
them look at it like they have mini
horns coming off their little butt right
there and oh right here look at this red
horn on the back of it oh my god Ryan
you're not ready guys the girl who were
she is an absolute savage
bro is touching these with her hands
bare hands when there is a tongue okay
alright next stop is we are going to the
vet we lost princes like records for his
vaccinations so basically we can't even
take them to puppy training because they
don't know if you got vaccinated or not
so we need proof of that so the next
little chore is going to go
vaccinations here guys these are what
fleas and ticks look like close up I'm
gonna vomit oh my god
second pet store pick up $90 for a pet s
MH I'm vomiting again guys who is trying
to put a friggin reusable diaper on
their dogs this dog is not gonna be that
happy about it don't you think
okay guys so we are doing a mission my
mom's in on this mission basically I
don't feel like going in the stores
right now because I don't feel like
walking so my mom's did do me a favor
I wanna do her a favor and I'm gonna
send her into Starbucks I don't think
she's ever been in Starbucks in her life
but she probably been there but she
order anything do you know anything off
the menu I said I want a venti caramel
soy macchiato
that's an easy one no whipped frappe
latte it's not a drink okay so I'm going
to send her in to get what I want which
is a venti white chocolate mocha pretty
damn easy too late chuckle she might she
might screw it up so I'm gonna get her
to go on FaceTime and then Walmart is
just over there so I'm gonna send her in
there to go get me a basketball you guys
would think I just want to KS today are
buying a basketball you think I'm trying
to be an NBA player no I got I got some
stuff planned out don't worry and 1v1
dunk on this right come here we'll say
so right give money um nope all right my
mom's on her way go look at this I'm so
creepy I'm stalking my mom let's see if
she makes it in the door alive mom let's
go hurry up you got this open the door
okay she made it in he made his first
time mom which one please come up making
a FaceTime call to mom
kind of let's see if we can see it on
her perspective what she's seeing guys
mom did you make it is there a line no
no no no it's freezing she's gonna mess
up the orders again mom I promise no no
no no don't order don't know that we
recall FaceTime on oh she just texted me
she said there's a big line are you sure
you need the calories um cheese and she
even put the sunglass emoji this girl is
trying to die right now
yet girls called me enough I'm literally
getting so my mom
yo venti white chocolate mocha honey no
my life
venti which is the biggest white
chocolate mocha white chocolate mocha
yes sure okay you can handle that okay
right so now guys we're just gonna see
if she makes it her life I'll update you
guys I'm not sure she said it was busy
in there okay I'm scared mama please
mom oh god guys he's calling me back
she's calling me back she's calling me
back
you got it okay do they know your wolf
am I don't know okay guys we got it cake
there yep all right so you guys heard it
let's go my mom got it I thought she was
gonna die in there was a war zone there
was a lot of people but she got the been
compared Malcolm rock a rock a rock a
rock a lot for rock you made it yeah but
there are some girls in there what some
girls in there they were having a bit
your name on it I'm not as soon as they
called it they recognized me and they're
like oh my god and they start dying I
said oh this will be on the blog guys my
mom friggin played herself she didn't
handle it you're supposed to get a lid
Oh bullshit
now I can't dry my god okay I don't
accept it easily what Starbucks it's all
good guys the next stop is alt my mom
just ran out of the frame she's going to
Walmart to get me a back about who
doesn't get a lid when they go to
Starbucks but now I gotta chug this
before it gets cold everybody knows as
life has always told us guys they said
it they why you food when you can just
drink caffeine and like build it right
do be alert you're in the wrong aisle
actually there might be the idea
no no basketball ha just look at the
wall matter plate ask her after if she
knows yeah they're in the next hour
they're in the next aisle they're in the
next aisle no no no no no no if you
listening to me you're telling me that
they don't sell basketballs in Walmart
will do clothes good where are they come
on so we had to come to another store to
find the right basketball but the
selection here is ridiculous at Walmart
they had I'm pretty sure they only had
like a ball like this or something like
this some weird pattern so we got to get
the classic Spalding NBA not too dark
BAM
it's a cop okay guys so I just put on
the song blend by Drake and I asked my
mom was like yo mom you know lemon which
is like blend blend I said no okay so if
you had to guess this is like parents
learning slang so what do you think is
is it in this song yeah this is it I'll
give you like a hint here kid just how
use it as a sentence listen to this
right here
I'm blend for real I might just say how
I feel or that you blend for real yeah
so he just might just say how he feels
what is it like had it you had it yeah
but you got it so you might just see how
he feels say how he feels or see how
he's too late but you blem yeah so he
might just say how he feels he like
somebody he likes somebody so we might
just say how you feel yeah like so what
does blend mean then if that's how
you're gonna use it in love and love
yeah guys please comment down below what
you think blend means I know a lot of
you guys know what it means but if you
don't know what it means or even if you
think you know what it means comment
down below what blend means be okay be
right here on the screen l II M blem
right okay but some people call it blimp
bling Gary I blame like B
I'm like blimp okay I'll give you a hint
give me another it doesn't mean love
what give me another thing you're like
I'm trying to go to my boys and get
lemmas no like so I'm I'm turnt knock oh
okay I'll give you one more sentence
y'all have had a long day all I want to
do is spark it up and get Brahmas high
okay you got it
let's go it's working it not not
everyone's not high okay men guys you
don't know what that mas means google it
but ding-ding-ding we got a winner okay
so now is the finally the time you guys
been waiting for me and your boy Ryan
are going head-to-head your again that's
all I got for this moment my whole life
yeah I've been waiting to spank them you
guys know I don't loosen anything Brian
thinks he's the best guy on YouTube
results last well Cleon you okay
blessed we're putting it to the test
we're not doing it done start yesterday
but I picked up this basketball mini
shoot and score game basically you
bounced these basketballs off and
whoever gets more I think win so me and
Ryan are going head-to-head and 1 B 1 1
B 1 but for a hundred bucks so shake on
it you have to take out a hundred bucks
for the bed 100 hundred years okay I do
1 $1 okay you - 10 10 - 10 bucks Justin
I'm confident I'm gonna Burcham I will
get Ryan three a hundred dollars cash if
he can beat me so place your bets in the
comment down below who you think's going
to win
whoopee Earth's weight you can't say
both please nation but just unbox this
damn game and just let's get into it
so basically the rules of the game are
this there is a net right here it's
standing on like a nice little platform
Ryan
Ryan's gonna have a ball in this little
thing you're going to flick it up and
you want to hit it in the net what do
you want okay don't hit it too far go
whoa okay first right so we're going to
take all the balls out basically we're
each going to have a round Ryan's going
to go first cuz I don't really care
about these points like like you get
like 130 points there's just too many
points okay too many rules to the game
too complicated we're gonna make it
simple Ryan's going to go first Ryan has
five balls I got five balls we are going
to make a line I'm going to say like
right here so you have to shoot behind a
certain line however many balls you get
are how many points I'm going to say
these are worth one point this whole
roll two is three
okay so that's that's how the scoreboard
works that's the line just right there
so Ryan's going up it's best out of
three four hundred dollars on the line
let's get it so Ryan's up first round
one you have five shots let's go hey
line it up step back in your head set
airball airball first one down
second shot let's hope it looks just as
great away jumper day air ball two in a
row no points no no no and you were
taking practice shots no no no signing
again third shot go this is our stick
there is no don't lose the ball three
more shots oh no no I'm pleased with his
range let's total three point after
three three pause it this is not aa yeah
you can pop it up you can pop it up
let's go okay now you have two more
shots Ryan's got three points right now
alright last time last shot let's go
buzzer beaters go okay yo yo yo and you
show three points to Ryan my turn it was
best with yet is best two or three so
here we go guys I'm going with the Dre
balls I don't want Ryan's regular ball I
get one practice shot since I got fair
shot at hitting to see
we like fish I ever there was everyone
okay
Oh 3 2 1 1 points 1 point I don't even
more stores give any 3 left almost not
not like when do I need new blog about
deflated football lamellar wall yeah
grave you take the first row please take
the first round round through my
surrounds you hold your 31 got the
basket back yo I need to attend to it
shake it up shake it oh wow
there's no it's like a fine line like
you either look here you can't return it
to offset it
oh man you backed up nah man I'm good
line oh yeah that's one more shot one
more shot earth command by degrees every
- better fix point run it up buddy
let's go let's go I'm up next I'm on
fire right now CS ways can handle it and
give me my balls up no practice no
practice Illustrated if he gets the
technique down I told you
that's not a five doesn't like that
butterfly that lovely I dress out of my
best benefi chair please please please
please please please
yeah okay okay it was a lucky first shot
let's go let's go window stop we're
gonna off my rhythm what we're so what
happens just about yo-yo two more shots
you need three points buddy two more
shots you need three points yeah beer I
need a mini shot any shot any shot guys
bought them magical child old-fashioned
don't do that to dodge it
let me set them so air ball it if you're
really if you're real friends there will
an air ball it water bought up your real
friend I'm a real friend I'm a real
friend Pete kid not me to do that you
did not hear you didn't to do that yeah
you miss it you miss this is just cake
not a debt that a debt around to however
many points you get with this shot the
first one to get the most points are you
into heart works is what it is one for
one shot one shot each mama good friend
I missed the shot because okay so let's
see how Fred yours
move it around three let's I'm not that
your little friend cuz that's a 300 soft
yet so full fat let's go Jeff grant
pulls up to the line back to play
Thompson
Oh Kevin Durant take it from the three
layover
fadeaway oh you already know it is teen
wolfy let's go round three were going
long-distance it's pretty much at the
end of the table now you gotta back it
up even more back it up even more
long-distance so there we go and same
rule shot number one not just on some
buttons I'm going to be I'm going full
throttle on one d-pod this is
participation oh oh my god oh my god
our just keep it up let's go Oh
two shots no no you got a a $100 is on
the line
you don't think honey daughters on the
line but you gotta hit one yeah it's
hard a life flies off convinced it's the
rim no no no no no no two more shots you
gotta hit something if he has one here
oh he's going down he's going down
air ball you got to hit one this is it
it's going under the couch ouchies final
softer sways
don't let the slaves nation down buh-bam
you already know what it is
we have to eat one in one shot let's get
it
welfare number one basketball player on
YouTube Oh like a yeah step up then
you're in this ten bucks real quick so
the key is that you want to remove all
of the weight because this is too much
weight and we're going to put my sweater
on the ground so that it catches all the
loose balls pack forward because we're
shooting let's beat it bounce on the
table so you can see the tactic if I
move back shoot high and go what what
the hell this happen
what is this bulk thing so that's not
what I want to do we have five shots
let's get even one you guys thought I
had bear power with my first couple
shots so just do it
we're just back replay replay that I
mean isn't it right like a shotgun it
dead but for me but you know what I'll
hit one more for you one more just for
please nation okay well I'm like Mike
right now guys okay throws over tomorrow
it ain't no to it oh no I get three
three three all the back row nine point
what I like too more shots
no more more shot and I need a three get
him over go ten bucks
ah wolf thank you for the legs uh master
like button if you want to see me in
sways you the dunk off because that's
coming soon I thought the basketball
yeah you know it's time to come in
twenty flag sets of the hood guys who
owes me by the way guys I just offered
sways that I do a rematch on his channel
so we're gonna play one more game
conflict lies down when that link in the
description hopefully he wins this one
because I honestly I embarrassed in my
mind so I guess we'll find out
we're probably playing for like two
knees on his channel though nothing
crazy and to top off the game guys I
have a really quick life hack for you
basically this ball got dented I think
wolfy jr. playing on it I tried to tell
my main channel and and dingo to smooth
so hopefully with this time basically if
you put a lighter under the ball dent
don't burn your finger but it should
reinsulate the ball I don't know if
we're so the basketballs they're worse
with ping-pong balls quick little
look at the bottom of the ball look at
the bottom of the ball look at the
bottom of the ball biy God that just
okay there's still a little dent in it
much bring it out of it maybe can't fix
it a bit there's still a little flat
side Wolfie screwed it up bad but not
only did I win but I fix the ball too
let's get it alright guys so I'm just
ending the night off by playing some GTA
right now with Chris online so that
means I'm going to end the vlog off here
I hope you guys enjoyed if you did you
already know to smash that like button
let's hit 28,000 lights on this blog
comment down below I'm getting killed by
the cops
comment down below Wolfie is the gamer
god Wolfie is the gamer God if you guys
made this very end of the vlog and I
will comment back to you guys and hurt
your comments and I will see you guys
soon on mobile where we stay a little
bit more servers in my main channel and
as always stay savage that No
