and you're what visible will be welcome
back to more wealthy more life more
wolfy more tunes for you and pop telling
me and my lovely girlfriend are going to
be reacting to inappropriate children's
toys I found this article online that
the thumbnail for it was absolutely
ridiculous
so I thought why not react to all these
things I don't really know what
inappropriate is Sylvia knows what
inappropriate is so it's going to be fun
to see how she thinks about it and how I
think before we begin go down smash that
like when I know you guys love these
videos let's see if we can hit 30,000
thumbs up on this video anyway Sylvia
come on in
Sylvia's here and she could sit on this
side yeah I'm here I don't know I did
that every program in 1 GB I don't do
things like hi you guys know just girl
is my girlfriend Phil yeah I'm sitting
on the pillow look Paula miss whoopee
you need to cut an r-rated I'm not
showing you in the video cut down a
minute yeah you want to shut up you want
to shut up you want to shut up
Bishop not a chance top buddy don't just
hand out free shout out so maybe multi
junior ok good money bag whoopee yeah we
whip up my laptop right here and let's
get into business I don't want my
brother playing at these in there
inappropriate okay how is he really high
five years old he's a pretty smart
five-year-old but this is almost wildly
inappropriate children's toys of all
time alright they would say rule number
one you know this is could that possibly
be a wiener yeah it looks like that it
looks like our what it was was a beat
that's why I'm wondering it's like
what's a nice boy cannot possibly be a
screws and now oh no it's their new cake
mountain places other than Icky Thump
Lisa it kind of like Mickey Mouse Mickey
opposite what mum not just look at the
bottom what part of it no it does not
look like Mickey Mouse if it does the
gears what kind of it looks like an
epidemic root okay or a penis
see that's the difference between me and
Sylvia hi I think things like mature and
she's build so childish it's like why
you challenged it really looking for you
like an actor you're telling about to
make you know yeah okay you put a ring
in a paper would get anyway next picture
you know this is supposed to be the
nature walk looking at oh come on that's
not even dirty there's I thought they're
hugging each other how do you well with
the ones in the bottom get piled
perfectly when do the bars are
definitely doing a little more than
hugging and the Dinos in the middle
I don't think different animal species
get this close to each other in the wild
yeah so this one I'll give this one a
past passage man how many we try to pass
no this one gets like that it's okay
this one's not inappropriate yeah it's
not because this was literally just like
it's efficient and effective packaging
that's all they're distracted as many
toys in for the kids that satisfies my
OCD to be honest it doesn't it just
happened to be on each other's back it's
perfectly placed Bryan sways would love
this package of toys because he has
dirty mind guys
Gavin dirty mind only a person with a
dirty mind think etheric and having sex
with them they're not next giving should
not be a toy
yeah like okay you know what without
YouTube is right now I'm just going to
go ahead and get that one right now not
much talking about that okay this one no
Batman water gun yeah who thought of
that imagine a kid right now like
squirting qur√≠anic which is good for
squirting the guns turning the gun and
its face to this guy's face is out at
about language so the water goes out of
the same oh yeah good you're pulling the
pond which is private part we're trying
to perfect square and you're pulling on
the handle
this is so weird not remember who it's
what this is Bravo Jonna to ever thought
of is what this was just 12 it's one
years old
sure but I would not want my kids that's
like under test playing with the story
because it would give them a wrong
impression like maybe they would walk up
to a regular person feeling george'll
water guys water god let me burn it
wouldn't even know it keep your kids
away from this ladies and gentlemen why
would you make a saleable toy okay you
can shave the baby what baby in the
world
every needs to be shaved them and you're
gonna like there's a baby start going
here Thank You rook any other oh yeah
but they don't have like pubic hair and
arms and hair they're babies but when do
you get like Wendy if they're getting
but later when you go through puberty
before it then you have nothing you're a
child
so then you know how okay I don't know
how to travel in a minute been seventeen
for a minute oh my god so okay the real
thing that concerns me well this one is
not the fact that they have like pubes
carpet hair what you garner legs now
they're like look at the tape
what human being grows hair come on
their cat my cat Leslie no here my legs
have hair but the calf doesn't grow here
and it'll be okay yeah this is just
false information you're telling the
kids right now the arm banger is
wrapping all the way around as children
that's also kinda messed up it's tree
straps and this baby has a mullet -
that's also messed up release the carpet
matches the trees well honestly me being
like where did you get that wherever
this is sold I don't know what that is
like it looks like Chinese I'm guessing
it looks like some sort of Asian culture
roll this may be immature cook enough
maybe they do have here so maybe just
teaching that I believe understand here
jabish is Jade circular motion rotation
conclusive shape is a nice plant the
blue one is fine the pink one with my
coming up the blue ones use a sword
what's the pink ones would be a sword to
the Grand Court
here is what why did it happen it's
impossible to wires get rebels hello
there bubble story bubble sort bubble
girl I won what a minute oddly shape so
we're in such I'm surprised oh the girl
one is that like the pink one I'm
assuming it's the girl white is the
shape of how it is in not blue well they
tried to make it more round with the
heart for you that they have oh oh so
it's just a heart this let's be hiring
the heart the heart up top make Sunday
bottom-1 like what one one over there
why did you brown the tip why you look
like a penis I don't know it really
physical is next okay this one's not
that you're going on can you spot it oh
yeah once you bought it once you see you
can ensues middle fingers
yeah my present right feel like that I
feel like the toys not sold like that
I'm pretty sure the toy honey
what is it movie what movie they act
with it break it all right so the movies
probably longer get robbed ladies know
that I'm gonna say comment down below
the movie that wreck you're out the
throne oh I feel like that's just a
character religion really hungry
what did he do I don't know I don't
watch it I need watch it you mean you
can this guy's hands are probably just
like this at all times you just but it's
hands or not like this
see you guys I don't know what I'm even
showing you right now and you can't just
look like this with the hair this month
is the old music video the guys like is
mainly smoothly see oh we remember that
music what get out of it
you can't swear on this channel anymore
okay yes meat oh it's the music video
cuts off and he has like a giant's best
in the whole world
yeah on the highway so anyway actually
music video oh my goodness it looks like
disappears what okay - I haven't seen
the thing is I don't know if a lot of
you guys watching the video will even
understand what this means and I'm going
to leave it like that because you don't
want to know what this means this is
some weird stuff that did appropriate
this one is the most inappropriate one
because I be innocent mr. penis okay
Sigyn giant vagina but like i mean
opinions and vaginas away morning for
realism we mean everybody has one maybe
it's just being kidnapped and not one
birth skipper does we're going through
this whoa guys I don't want to talk
about this very nicely like this it's
pretty sperm - wait what you never be
any towards arrested no or what are they
called beanie babies never see their
beanie babies it's not a beauty day
looky look when the channes needs to
collect beanie baby yeah comment down
below if you know what a beauty baby is
and which one was your favorite and you
know how I know that you I feel like
they were like bigger like back in the
day yeah not as way more toys to to
throw basically how much about to the
page I collected them but I would rip
the tag off of them and then somebody
told me that you're not supposed to do
that I didn't make it legit and I gave
up on my chittering make beep I gave up
on my dream of collecting them because I
was like i reaiiy don't know anything so
yeah
giant giant sperm perfect children's
gift it says that's weird
this looks like one of those things that
you would win as a movie here machine
yeah where they have where they have
this stuff dolls moldea wanna go really
but you have no you just don't know what
any of your toys are yeah like this KP
in there but just could offer me a tiger
yeah
could you see you look at at the same
time yeah there was so the get all mushy
there me okay burnt I guys that one's
not an appropriate Oh cuz that one just
onion is a major target nature that is
going to cause the talk of a sex talk
early and where babies come from saw
step trance charge ovoid for years I'm
telling my kid that when he's won
you're doing smash sex in my baby
cricket my kid Matt oh my god do you see
the problem is then mark see girls fight
and say I poop rainbows it is full up
says it look at the high poop grandmas
my pen and they even make it a
mistake they're just like fully that
they want to live rainbow pony yeah
total is the girls compete actually coop
the rainbows when you push on exhale
there's a little demonstration that's
kind of cool isn't that an appropriate
that's disgusting they poop Reagan I
always thought they just ran and
rainbows came where I am NOT good that
physically yeah
so that's the kind of disgusting we
honestly unicorns are over for me now
they're talking the whole time everybody
around I ruined you to crunch Furby
completely neck neck
oh wait closely at this one you have to
look really close way I'm looking a lies
are the swastika what swastika in that
necklace oh this is it so
too much controversial stuff going on
right now so if I give it really quick
guys it's all because I have nothing to
say about it I just I can't talk about
it just has rules and age restriction
because you try to get up threatening
okay I just want to get ending once in
my life what's the calls YouTube is
going down ready you choose over
probably that okay naggers going down
the enemy what's that what's up meet me
online it's going down meet me up again
oh my god she guys YouTube guys please
everyone save me subscribe like the
video st. Wolfie 2017 oh my god what the
hell is that it's a flute community he
obviously has a son barrel on it it's
not absolutely my toy obviously if you
haven't seen our tea tip get off thing
whatever those are cops top stuff you
don't spend them on that no you don't
come on that this is clearly if you guys
haven't seen Sun barrel you're acting
like you know I dunno he's laying on a
gas anyone is it gone auto side with the
overall toy what are you to be doing
this then it's Winnie the Pooh he got
hot outside and you put his hat on his
stomach so you didn't want to pin it
yeah but I'm asking with the toy so
today I'm not going like you just play
with him around like no you just killed
playing it doesn't do anything okay he
doesn't look like right like Ryan when
you go into the club and get so sweaty
you have to take off your shirt not get
me where did a fool went to the club is
appointed place maybe you want that too
you need to poo collection I don't think
we
mm somber neural I watched way to poo
non-stop as a child piglet with my
favorite guys Mina cool I was in Sunbury
it is very hot I don't think it needs to
be honest Melek if you doesn't want to
get tan lines back the next toys this is
just like a stripper Barbie doll Barbie
but it's true this oh my god you know
I'm trying to figure what store this is
in and why there's giant jugs on the
left of the tree it looks pretty like
forums this isn't some neck like foreign
dollars 30 you and find it's an old
dollar Emma after we call that's what we
have in Canada where ethically the
99-cent store Dollar Tree Dollar trees
malenky 99 cents are in the state Senate
dollar shape
okay dollar trees 99 cent store you
would not find this there you guys would
find you know in every penny of it I'm
dinner yeah exactly actually and I
didn't see no stripper poles
okay you can get overages okay so yeah
just honestly maybe she's just
exercising pole dancing can be an
exercise it technically is but what
company made it and how are you still
making money if I knew what company made
it I would shut you down right now
nectar this is what you think yeah you
should go ahead what are you thinking
what the hell blushy roadkill
oh my god look at it guts coming out of
it mmm look at the guts coming out is I
am voting it is weird
alright not really good as a timer but
it houses a toy guess what oh this is a
dog toy until like dark we'll keep
moving
whoopee I hope my dog goes past oh great
this is f stuff I don't my dog playing
with blueprints look at the camera okay
it's kind of low-key looks like him look
at anything carrot looks like him
because he's not really looks like
roadkill 3 is that a real animal or not
3 yelling it okay he doesn't think it's
real animal I thought it would be good
for the dogs but it turns out it's not
gonna first talk of the argument again
just whose company is this I don't think
chickens I must be a joke what's it
whistles hey
I feel like that's a joke wind whistles
whistles looks like something it'll look
like mushrooms I think those are
actually meant to be like penis shaped
whistles I'd like a joke even the mini
ones go material all right I'm glad you
talking to you right there brick what
crap Joe my husband threw my dog beeping
hey what are you doing
hidden biggie get in my cell I mean I
hear a lot okay you're pretty to cut I
don't want you never in my videos again
bro cute anyway these hands of carved
wooden whistles I would buy one of these
and bring it around just to it people
are like yeah what is that I could say
frigging whistle beep imitating William
anyways next nothing is more fun than
messing with radioactive materials ok
atomic cloud chamber with projector
illuminator there if you're making a
mini or chronic low atomic energy lab
let me google it they actually existed
they actually exist you may love it
$3,000 $1,600 left looking cheaper bomb
mess it's all that's why I'm just really
good doesn't work does it actually make
the freaking bomb I don't know and
there's a website called atomic toy they
have so much stuff ok exhaling here here
you they have classes where you can see
through punch if you should close this
is ridiculous hey I'm getting off to say
before I buy everything so that just is
just shocking the visit that's a dad
that would not apply in 2016 let me tell
I mean this 2017 why is almost kind of
training the kids yeah we what do they
want is a baby he loved it it really
yeah we don't always talk to him and you
what's your best Elmo impression do you
have a good
ever done it you're better at impression
time I stuck it in brown I'm not gonna I
can't see God I've done I'm done Loki I
have maybe do impressions you're just
big hugs Elmo honestly that's not
inappropriate giving a kid a hug where
do you see strangle that's a reach on if
you have to regeneration coverage I feel
like that this is also a research is
clearly blowing poems not friggin smoke
what do you mean well that's an
exceptional reading quest
okay this one it's Raymond inter no so
there's no snorting I do not see any
snorted yeah
two reaches in a row okay selling
housing beer can give you mini hand
grenades I'm sorry are appropriate now
that's kind of cool yeah that's just
like I wouldn't give that to kids I'd be
like thank you argue that again they
think of it as a package they want even
finger that oldest the beer can uh look
at my beer can bro
yeah that's a low-key maybe it's never
like collector's items for older men
yeah but your names always like okay
kids are playing video games now
grenades anyways yes like my brother
Dave is people watch movies okay people
watch movies imagine the diesel well
these are little real at least they have
the orange chips on them what
why would I can't even need to pretend
to pay Doolittle realistic you know the
only one they should sell and I don't
even approve of them selling is just a
little engine that you can tell the fake
with the huge orange yeah but you have
to get your kid the green one with the
orange tip the bubble one that's
literally metrics is oh yeah you don't
get one that actually pretends to look
like a right because it's like why do
you kids need to know you can can't
should actually be pretending that I
don't know but what if they be do I feel
like we're getting into some what if
kids want to play your silly
what if kids want to play soldiers and
guns and cops and robbers and they feel
like having done I never had that to
thank you
mimics plane without a guide including
me it looks like a man how this one
ahead
I think I'm Mouse head it looks like a
regular rich guy just look like a dog
cause I know they're getting more and
more reachable boy that's not it work
scientists know and the last one on this
list please please be inappropriate
I guess we'll see if it is though
teaching kids how to pull off a bank
robbery
what do you mean they're not actually
teaching them how to do it have fun
how are you Pete the kids have a job no
no no no no no we're not actually a
tactical it's just a person Loki you
kind of Mario like you like that Ricardo
because if you are the girl on the left
of the blonde hair you might be doing
something like if you're role-playing
like you Loki are you definitely are
that's not a reach I wish I could say it
as a reach clinical tearing the money
over if I did not know I could not
that's that's kids from four to ten your
brother's dick tonight category would
you want your brother play again yeah I
play with I'm like which guy would you
want to be in my you're like nah either
way there's no good one you could be the
girl who's getting held at gunpoint
yeah giving up money for the prison hole
to the god gunpoint
yeah it doesn't really make sense okay
so honestly out of this whole list I'd
say probably around fifty percent our
absolute region now that same is forty
forty percent and that's what actually
looks pretty dirty some of them work
occasionally hold the sword the whistles
the swords and a few other things like
that the gag joint that was too much but
some of these are like a it's a toy
literally it's a toy and you reach like
tossing enjoy right there like this is
Whoopie story I'm too late to get it I'm
not going to pay you get it he's going
to get it like guys don't would say okay
appropriate some would say that this toy
is a little inappropriate but I mean
it's clearly what the pellets are
they're not a girl and rat and I said
but when you turn it like this and you
put it like this it can be inappropriate
that's a reach anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed the video if you did make sure
to go down and smack that like one
subscribe to my girlfriend still be
again
in the description you already know
today's comment down below more stuff
you want me to react you hopefully it's
more crazy than this or something that's
more in a perfect find me that's what I
love these videos guys please find me
some crazy stuff to react to and and
comment it down below because I need to
get I need to get my fix of
inappropriate because this video was not
inappropriate this enough you the savage
gun again I hope you guys enjoyed the
video and I'll see you guys soon all
mobile people we did a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always subscribe to Sylvia but I know
I'm sure thanks Abbott and discuss
billion past days evidentially epic sit
down let's go subscribe Soria ok guys
flacco
