yeah let's eat Gilmore roll the intro
the team are over good morning everybody
welcome back to more wolfy today be
right back
you're are you messed up you know what
good if you won't be welcome back to
whoa whoa good morning is your boy won't
be walk about two more Whoopie today oh
wait what good morning hey yo back
tomorrow penis today we are playing in
the spirit of Easter basically we are
Easter season anywhere in April is
Easter season in my mind I bought some
eggs and I'm with a bunch of the boys we
are going to be doing Easter egg it's
trick shots it's going to work simply
like just exactly this a game horse you
guys know how it works
one person does a trick shot everyone
else has to replicate if they screw up
they get a letter but instead of playing
horse in the sphere of Easter we're
playing egg eg GS four letters to ace
today we got Bangor a year
Tabitha jaeil David parity plays Ryan
great anyways let's get into it
actually the card show you can go
endless proportion anyways guys first
trick shot and we're going to do a
classic water pong trick shot are you
gonna do cue from the corner there's one
jar here yeah - a shot all you got to do
is meet one of them oh okay get it I'll
do the same line okay but think that
bucket D pretended basketball and I yeah
I have a back row clear but it's more
falafel in here they took your own shop
I need the original original IAP student
bagel that can account off the feeling
alert oh hey dad's up now we're going to
dumb down the shots of it because these
are crickets quite a step for summer
okay so what are we working with yet all
right same thing just around
how's work now I hate this guy cake are
you thinking oh boy oh my god yep hello
again you guys go back for another shot
can we please dumb down you shot today
this one will be blessed through this is
the landing this time right easier
target
Oh what's gonna land it up and land on
the pillows whoa the wall
the egg might break just use the UPI
great oh come on Oh hold this Ryan don't
shake too much it here we go choose them
I'm doing the same shot that Jeb did
here let me just see the bounce on it
okay Ryan you Jill go get it for him I
have two eggs but this egg
I don't need how many one attempt at
number one the energon 800 interference
from someone hold that hold that
Oh eight-year-old Eddie it has a like
the water not on the bill is about
EDF thank you my channel is a simple
bounce off this into there no simple
they don't do it buddy there you go to
attempt watch our end up dead okay oh
yeah yeah David did get that oh gosh how
is this shot so hard oh here you go
first person
here my legend alright guys if you don't
remember this is plays a shot in the
first place
on the original song their forces there
you go great oh wow
sign angle goes everywhere you just have
to juggle the three things okay there's
no time limit you just have to get a
juggle down okay buddy let's go
that's a jungle okay right John look on
the camera I have the camera on the
camera knows me maybe you shoulda had a
childhood yeah okay go juggle whoa oh
yeah that was dirty I love this visual
crystalline it doesn't draw your will be
pretender David hit on it for someone
that doesn't know how to juggle now is
there you I'll give you that you have EG
g EG e ug remove it outside man alright
guys so it's a war zone out here as you
travel chairs a couple tables but this
one one player toss it to me it's not it
many no one hold on release dance okay
go oh I'm not to do that yeah that's a
good shot yeah Oh later no no no no no
that's unfair he's David balls like oh
no just shot it yeah Oh
we gotta go vertical my grow watch out
your mud your mud Oh Oh Connect I don't
care wait we need those open is it going
to be your own shop that kills you let's
find out office yep oh yeah yeah yeah
okay okay control it yo yo oh yeah
you're old you're no no you don't know
she does know I'm not a rumor okay so I
hate Ryan what what are these Andy gasps
oh yo you could be his real on the theme
of sports instead of dropping it we're
gonna play some golf
I don't play golf but I watched edgy
cool behind a music video with the swing
it was awful so we're coming back to
that kills Julian I need you guys were
smashed that label this is my last shot
let's go where did that come from the
road a ramp there I'll go right there
all right I got it
let me go why is this guy looking up
golf videos right know how to YouTube
got it
that's it I put on swing think that's
way we see you jogging for this room
yeah is there flutter what line right
now who's oh my Ryan oh wow okay
Oh what you doing girl oh you guys are
solving their own conduit all right dad
we got you on a loud track
my place here we go is the base drop
side there's only faster let's go okay
make sure those ridiculous I'll give it
to him we got the mini eggs here you
have to catch four in a row in your
mouth I want Ryan joy for me let's go so
easy one for the History X 1 1 1 s 2
yeah that's 3 yeah one more for the road
before 5:00 Bobby look at even or
imagine yeah
oh these guys one direction mystery yo
this is gonna be robbed this is gonna be
rough tied to one david unpack Oh
throwing for bitchy to me no no no no no
not that one oh oh okay oh yeah yeah
yeah way EG g easy G for David what
moving on to T last round guys this is
bad death drew the score because Ryan
should a lot of 10 rounds ago everyone
is so cheating
last round red and death one shot here
we go so for the final round
sudden death basically what we're going
to do we're all going line up right here
we each have one of these eggs we're
gonna have to throw it and then go get
it ourselves basically the first one to
think it in this jar Plus
wait okay stop the rules guys I gotta
wait till we online up here today's low
okay so thank you guys go some Easter
eggs trick shots I love you guys again
smash that like wonder if you enjoyed
this video you want me to do more
challenges with the boys go subscribe to
each one of these guys david parody
plays sectional later David was the
winner I forgot to announce number one
protein loading and sodium voted him
David parity please mister ryan swaggy
as they say chat with a J you already
know what it is link in the description
for all these man's comment down below
more challenges you want us to do again
have a happy Easter as you guys are out
there getting zone then subscribe to
Wolfie game link in the description I
made a gaming channel I need suggestions
for games calling them down below
I don't see you guys doing a morale
boost a little more I made a
