hey you look mr. point Wolfie welcome
back to more Whoopi before we even begin
this video I want you guys to go down
it's not that light but we are doing a
challenge today we're switching it up
blowing some of this stuff but if you
guys are excited for today's challenge
with pretty much all Keys novel except
for Davis
they were premiering or you don't want
to film the video yay we got David but
David left for a second anyway if they
were doing the hot sauce taste test
challenge I know what it is I went to
and I bought the most DS wings I bought
all the Franks red hot sauce I don't
know you guys dance ranks in America you
guys should know what Frank's Red Hot
Sauce are they have so many flavors but
let me get both the flavors we got to
name we got the energy garlic buffalo
wings
slamming sriracha sweet chili chili and
lime some extra high kick and barbecue
and last but not least the og original
Franks red hot sauce
so basically how it's going to work is
all the boys are going to be blindfolded
and we're going to see who can get the
most hot sauces right it's a shame
David's not here because this guy claims
that he's the hot sauce God but we all
know I'm the hot sauce god I want a
juice cleanse right now so I'm gonna
take a bite and spit it out and after
all it just consumed the hot sauce
because you know I'm dedicated to these
diets I also picked up some sour cream
from the store just in case any other
guys want to dip their wings in the sour
cream for some extra flavor but without
further ado let's get into the challenge
okay guys so Fargo is going to go up
first
I'm going to sit beside him to make sure
there's no cheating going on I have the
flavors I know the flavors I think I'm
fooling ourselves how it is you should
blindfold yourself you know pleasantly
me go scantron put up all those process
as you're blindfolded oh I'm getting
section is
close your eyes it and I'm going to give
you a yeah randomly okay bless all right
so first wing for Bongo here we go we're
going to start with this one say
children children how much you eat
because yeah all that stuff easily yup
great with yeah you know the flavors and
I'll finish I should probably get that
frizzy I can give you like a list of the
flavors if you want me to run it down
okay cool but I think this is oh gee
okay all right and it's confident geez
okay it's lego G next wing alert dad you
want to decide the next week yeah sure
let's do this in volume got it
Oh take a knife white rope this one's
nice and moist hmm there's some sort of
Cajun flavor nah absolutely not I'll run
through the flavors if you want yeah
okay sweet chilli buffalo wing parameter
atcha original honey garlic barbecue and
chili and lime and extra high think this
is a sriracha
I thought there was no wedding for my
hair color Joe too wet I got up next
that's a nice wing I've ever seen like
blue cheese this is a sriracha one all
right have a little bit of a predicament
what okay I'm switching the last one to
the chili lime and this is the sriracha
here all right there you go
I like you the way you think I hate it
are you sure about that I'm 100% sure
that this was the sriracha brothers way
too much garlic on top next we'll go
with this we go girl mmm honey garlic
mmm was there a honey flavor one yeah
when you hear it yeah that's the one I
was delicious
all right I'll take that off your hand
feed through this is we got a lot of man
speed I do it up always leave it so wet
here hmm
what were the play with you
hmm-what world is so hard switcher my
first birth necessary actress my idea
this is a reason it going back all this
for example Brian even know what three
flavors are what it is a two so the
first one you said is extra hot gas and
this one is just original Jesus can
complicate my job legit alright next Rob
hold on right here yeah there's absolute
joke what is that what is that what is
that it also does not sausage as the
case under it going to take something
towards the taste underneath is Oh Rob
that joke ok y'all with Travis be ha yo
yeah one lowing left can you do it
change our drink I think the one math
you have to do is the other no rush is
go through this is uh I know that flavor
from so far the gradual is here is over
those dogs catch take you up two more
legs to go haha right anymore not both
my mouth why I came into like amazing
connections II don't even matter
okay right yeah take a nice bite on
barbecue barbecue together wow there's
so many wing players well yeah it was it
their kitchen great it up light it up
I'm taking my old lime and chili to
sweet time ok whatever the fuck that was
the hot chilies and lime and chili to
adjust to the sweet chili one boy all
right you're dead mama there you go next
up who wants to go next
Oh Sean's up next well I'll get the
lesson show you later oh yeah by the way
guys before you continue to rock
ensemble be shady 9 minutes ok all their
legs will be at the top of the
description I want you guys to go show
all my place in love anyways Sean's up
next let's get it well please don't hot
tub first one this one little cool
modulus I don't even care homers welcome
to fishing romesco plate little papers
not needed hot for which one how many
hot verge they're all hot rock they're
like very very right tell me the
variations of like extra hot
there's only worn the extra there like a
certain arriv I think I was extra hot
okay broke are you that I have to cover
my own eyes with my hands CP americano
alright next one what are you dipping
your dipping I swim you did that an
ultra hot that solder mark bro there's
no dipping idea what's on your wrists
higher every man can we need to stuff
again okay
you're one white lemon ugh
they read them again I'm arguing them
again you have ten seconds down the line
one line on the line 1 1 hey Jake
Jillian line next up with you see this
one quick bite real speed round
you have two seconds to guess not tiny
garlic something are delegated when you
going next
or do you not like it this is funny yo
don't think I'm driving it like a
friggin drumstick right I will see
anybody walking okay we mean that stuff
take your barbecue next up drop it
honestly I think you should just go a
different way though John oh my god
can you read me go over your hand
don't go it's on your elbow Q style oh
wait that's your one way limit he's like
I'm gonna read him again right you like
nice sausage I was just remembering what
does it taste like give me a low-down I
know the one I can't remember the name
it just read me the four I haven't said
well that Buffalo yeah Buffalo Road I
got it was like that's awesome
oh did your head it again oh you want
only the way that you're selling and
then the rule is Rick behind oh really
a rich you have two more to go you have
this one to do yes you put your fingers
up on two fingers
okay what are the last two flavors sweet
chili all right all right after don't
whine
lastly last night Roger you are tired
yeah that might have been original I
have sriracha want my adventure atcha
this is original no answer often I'll
just stick with it I don't I don't think
I did terrible that is like nice PJs on
whoo we got a condensed overall these
later but going into this round he's
black their wings
you didn't matter very very so fast
indeed I should kill that you should win
quick you sausage for those huh my god
when was this
Oh Charlie right those guys chat on the
giving links yeah let me get you a real
he not only my husband all know you need
your hand oh I see that that's beating
right here close your eyes let's write
this one okay you just hear me give you
a weakness and hasn't been eating yet oh
I love that thank you no nobody bite my
DJ sriracha no read me the flavors real
quick
Kato let's do let's just watch okay
sriracha
aknadin no I'm gonna change out the
nature wing that has to be needing these
it are you totally like your are they
all just be able to see if it's we need
a now let's do it mmm
that's that has no flavor hahaha
I don't know hot sauce flavors bro let's
do sweet chili for that one
yes that girl only for details and most
medias by perfect look medias bite right
here
Trey here boom into the highway get your
brother
you know that's born yes we're Utah
wanna get EG again y'all bye okay okay
move Zack you okay there you any do it
only the best bite for you there's a lot
of flavor in that it's not very white
people what's not very quickly looks
like the leaves place what's the least I
see yeah I'm gonna go with original
there's you know it's a good guess I'm
playing chess okay the backdrop so let
me get you honestly this is a wing I've
just bitten like crazy
woo I've only ever tasted sriracha and
like regular pop up something mate
there's I don't get this one use like
yeah um I get orders from the store oh
there is a condensed of one thanks okay
there's no point at all that's sparking
me all right no that's that's funny girl
nearly that much okay that's gonna get
it right stop beat you definitely know
that be yeah I go to basically play with
you next to and get that one in there a
different one in the Kadena chest
whatever thought that we got okay
justice hon you're gonna like pop total
river wall that's a lot of awesome hmm
why are my graph between two that that's
another way you know I don't like ballad
shouldn't kind of tastes like honey
Granicus replicated if you have
available for everyone you're right look
okay
bite bite again polite though
what's the same way I hate to keep
reentry why is there like something else
is not the way
but you can tell if you told if you
think if you think there's some time
your egg takes out other Ellen honey
garlic is someone gonna know oh shit I
got I talked to my I don't think we've
done this one I cannot see shit no no I
can't see shit gone wrong
Connor holding on yeah yeah yeah oh just
guess quick where I came and see go haha
ah is the tough little celery go hmm oh
yeah that's good suck yeah that's gonna
shit gonna make it oh who else play to
lose Oh
is there like a whole house conversation
let's do that yeah but last but not
least coos Oh God here's nothing
oh oh oh oh my rifles rather hold up hey
baby listen son someone next on your DJ
before you go let's check out your
dipping sauce
no cuz I thought that's a cream brother
onager know we've does the honey girl I
growing down really look I know we do
honey garlic in this is my brother
always introduce you so much what up
it's good boy crazy baby I'm imperfect
this kind of our chicken wings like
Noah's okay I have to give you a bit of
an update this is taking way longer than
I thought so we're gonna call it after
Ryan swings you guys want to part two or
some crazy challenge remember it's nice
I like bunny comes up button and all
come back because I know more won't be
love you guys I love you look at my top
comment and all the time it would be
done there will be something like Ryan I
love you but guys I hate working we will
see any of you before so Morgan my
brother who support all my friend Amy
right
last but not least and let's get it
we're going into this close your eyes
well here's a wing if you do this
already and please close your eyes the
most open okay no you don't open or you
just open up okay mm-hmm I got it OOP
yeah that's a black night moon look blue
oh shit that's good you know everything
here well today I'm making love to
chicken with honey garlic honey garlic
alert next week three number two let's
get it
Jocelyn plate-glass way to I'm going to
shave Ryan mustache today will be held a
little dirt - where is it - your
favorite
they're all hot to us you guys treat a
whopping in original og all right let's
talk next wing open up and bite like
enough extra hot babes would be heated
is there like a non nothing like use
like beer well you know after all our
dodge you got a freshest wing up to date
well I don't even look nice can't say
and blood is going to is delicious
yeah you're bad little sriracha sriracha
is next wing yeah yeah that one
hey yo what was the first thing we did
all right
what I left that on some barbecue okay
tomorrow
I left kick in barbecue you can barbecue
it is three more to go
you don't like your confidence your it's
terrified all right you guys watch me
mm-hmm answer the question rather excite
you know what to get we're doing this
all exercise you say it bro say it don't
spray it
answer the question nothing is in
situation played all right hmm we might
have done this one how about me yeah all
you have I think you've done is related
really we didn't do this one bro now the
first one hold up this is the first
where I wrote it down honey garlic cake
we didn't trust you the last one in this
one
justice Russell you sister Basha - Tyler
a volume yes yes sir the other one -
cutters the other one was Roger kibbe
all right so that's the challenge time
to announce the winner
alright guys so here we go I'm
announcing the winners ball I believe
because you had to go pick up his
brother but in Floyd play with two out
of eight we got right I did really well
first of all let me explain myself I was
like it was like low spinning I can
barely taste any flavor the officer say
are we doing I think it just is you
inhale you're linking so yeah third
place drum with high Florida be actually
no so accidental birds like a jacket is
a type ii played with for debate we got
DJ and goggles enjoy in first place six
out of each lane God and I'll give Sean
mint the only ones you messed up where
original and Buffalo which were pretty
dense a lot but everything else got dead
on Ryan said sriracha for four different
wings
I know you bond with bongos we gave him
the desktop so show him you get like it
after about one other get ruined is
palette for the rest of the challenge
it did last week but yeah we're gonna
maybe the second second last week so
I'll give ball goes twice either way
Sean one and you know what that means
right what another game I got the job
anyways if you love your child just go
down smash that like my name will do
more shout out to all my boys chatter -
Jay Ryan Swayze design
David parodies here it's your boys right
here bongos don't worry over here
subscribe to all the link if the column
is done
subscribe back to your channel anyways
copy a comment done that's how are you
going to comment on today's video and I
will see you guys soon
I'm more Wolfie will restate a little
bit more towers and I'm a channel by
grace fresh wish sure it's alright no
excuse you
