good morning ay yo what's good at your
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
today before we start the video I have a
quick challenge for you guys I want you
to see how fast you can go down and
smash that like button with your nose
wolf am I'm challenging you guys I can
do it probably in like 0.5 seconds
because my nose is so big but I'm
challenging you guys you got 5 4 3 2 1 I
hope you smash the like button anyways I
hope you guys are having a blessed day
today we are doing an experiment I am
super excited for this experiment
without Dustin here today we got just
Dustin games here y'all ready man all
right guys go subscribe to this guy he
has a gaming channel now I will leave a
link at the top of description also I
think my mom is probably gonna be
helping out so subscribe to her channel
as well the rent but basically I watched
a video on boiling coke apparently
you're not supposed to boil coke because
when you boil it it turns into like
sugar and glue like a gucky substance
like slime the word I love you for a
sludge was poor life is good fudge is
like the perfect word to describe it my
mom hates when I boiled the Hunter host
meeting she has scars of like gummies
and stuff like that so she's not really
going to like the video but it's crazy
what happens because of the amount of
sugar and everything in the soda so I
thought not just trying to boil coke I
want to see what happens with every type
of beverage so today I will introduce to
you orange Fanta because this stuff is
neon as heck neon as heck heck I can use
that word we also have sunny bee I know
a lot of you guys know what this is this
is like a childhood favorite along with
this if you like the more shit actually
they might have Sunny D might have more
sugar loci we also have the lovely
coca-cola don't need to explain that one
because you guys all know a coca-cola
does I also wanted to see what happens
with Gado Gatorade blue Gatorade best
Gatorade actually there's arguably blue
or orange or the white times actually
luckily we also have the most carbonated
beverage in the world
Mountain Dew this one is probably going
to make some sort of weird experiment
and then last but not least we also have
your favorite energy drink my favorite
energy drink redbull
unless red rays watch with me in which
case and now that might be Loki my
favorite energy drink so we have energy
drinks we got sports performance drinks
if that's what you want to call this we
got sodas or pops
like we call them Canada and then we
have a juicy substance and I'm even
thinking about using all of my mom's
almond milk because we don't have
regular milk in this house so this is
where we got this relax relax I need to
make a viral video no we do need to know
communal we need milk he needs me Wow he
needs some milk so we can get four pots
going one one here and if we move into
the side room turn on the light we can
grab two more so let's start boiling
okay guys so the first step is obviously
turn on each of the stoves there's only
one stove those are burners turns on the
ground turn on each one a bit are you
gonna help I need to learn you know DIY
god I don't need to learn I just make so
guys turn on each one of the burners so
we got this one we decided to go with
the small pots because doesn't said they
boil faster which he's right but okay
he's going for that but my mindset is
like how am I going to make the biggest
dummy possible because that's what I
said I'm always in we're gonna do
coca-cola laughs because I feel like
it's going to be the final shebang
Mountain Dew also might be very lit so
we will start with the two orange
beverages some milk babies good milk he
needs some mill and we're going to do
the Gatorade so let's empty them in so
we're doing the Gatorade first man just
said he's not going to go too crazy now
this is get get this Seinfeld on this is
more will be we only were his balloons
on this channel yeah we're going to
empty this one which do you think is
like the lucky part
well this one's already smoking so
there's no other answer so quick
bro shit happen we're not portal okay
okay okay the more liquid it the less of
that going down but anyways you guys
just saw that crazy reaction I call that
slow what are you talking about month I
don't know if you guys know what that is
so that's one meter e8 888 so you want
to get all the Gatorade in guys make
sure I'm much liquid as possible to turn
on a light so you can see better if you
guys did you put a look at the butyrate
it's already in don't forget to les
gustan is going to have someone killed
in this video that literally my bad I
thought it was man channel
I just want to pour you some Gatorade so
put the lid on hey there and for Dustin
no where are they where I was looking
for it the other day always the bridge
with its Elizabeth just radio is perfect
for today
spin it around cuz maybe this will help
I honestly don't see this is standard
for any gum e-liquid under fifty pounds
exactly guys if you don't do this it's
not going to work it already stinks but
that means we're doing all right so
we're gonna leave that one there we want
to the next one which is the almond will
sell by n1 what do you think is gonna
happen to dominate no burn that's what
kind of accent sure roll it's not you're
doing it again
fuck guys have tried phobia I'm sorry
trypophobia this looks so weird right oh
my god okay we put more
okay acting out for the milk I feel like
people boil milk all the time for
something yeah when you don't why do you
boil milk you don't turn the vertebra
like cream and stuff for reading we're
gonna be pretty high hey yeah okay here
mom take the next one you do the I'm not
doing something here needs a burner on
time it's just IBD you know that's
natural didn't see the burgers on high
okay Joe put a minute at putting it keep
putting it go go go oh my god the amount
of smoke the fire extinguisher okay I
think we don't need a whole thing but we
also don't waste on the channel don't
shoot without my garbage that was a sign
from God Kate don't wait hey hey
just one more I meant to do that here oh
come on hey are you serious funny
oh my god doctor wasn't wall pick it up
pick it up pick it up yes for just turn
it down - no no no no turn we're boiling
what I have to wait man this is not the
time to get buzz off me I learned this
management from David Perry a big fan
your material where we should collapse
sometime soon yes
oh I remember those ones so we're just
going to keep making this one the milk
does not like getting boiled it later he
just keeps rising like past the foam but
times 20
well there you go it's all glowing
tactics let's close that and then the
Gator is good the last pain is literally
overeating you need is overheating today
so I'm coming in with a face hop visit
it
I said we're doing both so we're doing
both we don't go back on the answers and
we will be getting pair them both don't
still go go what's the carbonation a
fire that I know you're watching this
video and changing your friends that I
always yeah you're really good actually
that does smell amazing
not that I honestly think all the
carbonated beverages are into the same
things because it's any drink have a lot
of sugar
if orange Fanta okay do the alright mom
so you do agree to what I teach you this
okay okay now put put right in a burn so
now we're just going to let these come
in smell this vanilla it has a little
bit of oil for a bit I'll be back so
it's been about five minutes so far
nothing's happened with the Sunny D
nothing really has happened too much
with the orange Fanta nothing with the
Gatorade but on the side of the almond
milk it's starting to literally turn
back into almond so this is an almond
light pack turn any almond knows neither
you guys buy that back into almonds
literally like we're changing we're
reversing time we're reversing the food
chain so we're going to take a quick
break to make a FaceTime phone call to
my girlfriend Sylvia she's often making
spaghetti for me right now they're like
trying to make spaghetti because you
doesn't know how to do that kill us and
don't cook at all
so I'm putting her on blast but see how
it's going whoa what face of makeup is
that festival makeup where can they find
it uploading the link that happened it
will be at the top of the description
guys how's the spaghetti when can I see
it
well capacity' did you put salt and oil
in it okay alright doesn't know what
she's doing
put salt and oil please in that in the
water just a little bit
all right but try as you guys can see
she has no idea what she's doing she has
to read instructions for kraft dinner so
we're just going to keep working on this
you know doesn't make up you knows how
to do make up and even then questionable
so the almond milk is officially done it
boiled down to nothing so we're gonna
have to taste that fat I brought up some
plates let's see what we can scrape out
of this container and on a plate glass
tubes on scooping baby does this taste
like an almond
are you saying in half a king of almond
milk there's like one almonds you use
one woman what's the rest pretty much I
think that's a set we could call it home
enough almond milk is out here click
bathing like your boy Wolfie uses one
elastic six hundred thousand elastic
prank on roommates so I guess you're
nice three arms here oh yeah three
almonds and that entire thing actually
captured yeah okay definitely makes it
way more appetizing I want to use now so
we're going to leave this over here and
then we're going to spread out a bunch
of plates to taste everything when it is
done taste test you already know what it
is this is the almond oh my lord
that looks so unappetizing Dustin's
going to have the honors of puttin
Akopian now that we clean this from the
almonds how's it go feels like cookies
yep that's definitely the best way
there's nothing better than a warm coat
um a bottle on three I am going to name
what better bottle coke or can cope
three two one
ken what not a chance
what do you mean Wow okay what is your
fuel I used to get home
to drink a nice bottle of coke never it
I can't wait to crack a nice hand no no
the glass bottle okay sure
I'll give you the glass bottle but like
it is like pieces okay Karen and you
I've never had a close to my life
alright I am not drinking that please
biggest it a little bit actually never
I've never had that okay guys there you
actually think this is like a troll man
I'm sorry hold on you guys never I've
tried to convince her my whole life
never drank Coke in your life your whole
childhood no my mom is a crazy health
freak if you didn't know like this my
that's all you have almond milk ale all
that please take a small small set for
the wolf man know when I get class
they'll subscribe to the rest
they'll subscribe to the rent I'm all
link in the description oh I hope you're
not having a coke during its it not even
a sick what's the point I've had
recognized the gap
and once you heard of you have um be
addicted to something why is it coffee
and one top of the cigarette okay do you
know this is the most popular beverages
in the whole world everybody knows a
family I saw Jesus I'm not gonna be
happy I'd like any other property to the
cameraman ginger ale okay take it let's
go peer pressure guys so excited first
cook or her lifetime I wish I could
replay this moment okay today no no talk
about yes you like it take another sip
it's pretty good it's amazing diet will
see the coca-cola monster guys there's
always room for you to sponsor my
channel guys always room don't think
this not does to the stupid oh don't
worry I'll put pesticide up a mountain
Dew side just few coca out of ten what
do you see whatever no never what do you
think out of ten months out of ten of
the dream can be a scene she's good at
it delicious no coke boiling we'll be
back in a bit guys so guys look what
happens to the coco presents don't
breathe it in this is what is happening
to the group I told you guys it is
turning into sludge no one of a lie
we've left the coke in for a long time
and this is what is happening to the
coke right now it's like hot mold I'm
good and it smells so bad
oh my god it sounds like a burnt
marshmallow bad sugar and by the way
guys if you didn't know marshmallows are
all sugar so the coke is on a new ways
like okay we gotta take that out that's
disgusting those Fanta has turned into a
darker tint of orange I think it might
be starting to burn the Sunny D is
starting to grew around the edges I
don't know what's happening it but I
think we put so much of the Gatorade in
that it's taking so much time to melt
down so that's the ones probably gonna
take the longest but here we go
coke alert oh my goodness whopping it
that's good huh do not boil coke I don't
know if you're supposed to eat this so
I'm going to wait till the coolest pound
I'm going to have some look at
guys these are men hard substance you
never tried cooked before have you ever
had boiled short before have you ever
had local no today's the day for both oh
my goodness guys what why what is that
well a Sunny D turned into what looks
like the coke oh my god
this is what we are putting into our
system I never knew how frigging sugary
the Sunny D was until I thought it's not
orange before oh yeah yeah yeah Sunny D
it's not orange anymore and grow this
one's starting to burn to the fanta
starting to burn there's like a boiling
point it's cool because there's
different boiling points for these
liquids and Wow where this is like this
is how bad this is going to harden it's
to turn into like a candy bar you can
tell the difference between this and
coke oh that's so gross okay oh that's
enough that's enough
this needs to get clean harder okay one
more got another one
Dustin's bringing over the which one is
it for our this is supposed to be what
for Sunny D reno's and this is a
mountain Dew no no this is that orange
Fanta little smell good new market okay
okay okay okay
this is disgusting it's bubbling oh my
god yeah yeah yeah I'm getting all that
what's 100 guys looked at what happens
to the Gatorade we left it because we're
like hey
basically it's taking forever to
actually happen like it wasn't working
oh my god okay everything's going wrong
right now but basically this was taking
forever to happen so we're like a
through it and now it's officially
burned so we cannot eat that so very
soon I added red Bull to here and then I
added Mountain Dew back here obviously
the mountain Dew is cooking up faster
than the Red Bull the Red Bull is taking
a little longer doesn't have as much
carbonation as a mountain dew so maybe
that could be a factor but I'm not
looking forward to having any of these
to be honest the Gatorade is like toxic
but I'm still drinking it delicious but
that's like rising out of the pan right
thumbs up and we will eat this - one
this is you can't tell okay
DUSU it's bubbling up guys it is touch
that your skin is I'm dropping it on the
ground mom I know I got to think watch
out watch out oh okay another burnt pot
even the Red Bull is not safe guys leave
it I guess so much and it's going down
so so so so so slow like I can't risk
always like one second song and then it
gets murky so a little trellis or close
guys if you attempted that home just for
an experiment do not smell it
this is just to see how much sugar is in
each substance check us our
buck to the thing here you go okay yo
we're not gonna eat that one I actually
don't think we're gonna eat any of your
shit the only one that's kind of liquid
but even this one that this this was
fully turned into our hard candy time
daddy my edible this is not edible
this is not edible okay I will eat the
coke just cuz I told you guys I would
eat the coping ability good so I think
this is pure sugar at this point please
smash the like button what is the white
stuff growing on the bottom of this
I want may come on forty thousand likes
on this video master like button right
now it's lit wolf family strong as hell
so here we go I need real coal to wash
it down that's bad that's bad I knew it
I knew it I could smell it
of course you do it is the worst thing
I've ever been in my life yeah what are
we making over here it's cracking liquid
liquid is not supposed to crack off in
shapes what's this thing this is what
you're drinking when you're having these
sodas that you guys whoa
this is what's inside of it it's
breaking the plate honestly you might as
well just write it to the plate I might
hold lightly get through that's good
that's great
no no no no I
what was that rebel oh my god that is so
unappetizing I play that Red Bull gives
you wings a mitotic you it
I wouldn't call Italy the last one if
the almond milk this one is the only one
that is still I'm so excited for this
dog plan tonight Lorne uh great as an
almond totally almond this one is not
really good here we go contract our
moment mmm that's not omen no oh God Oh
how we found out pretty much if you boil
any turns that have a lot of sugar in it
it turns in its own deck what you can't
drink you can't eat it I would always
give you with this you probably just use
it on the fridge so it actually is
located pretty good for peace if you
guys enjoyed this and I highly recommend
you try it out but do not inhale smoke
okay and don't try and eat it just try
it out to see how much sugar is in your
drink at home go down to class I like
running like I said let's hit 42 like on
this video shut up just Dustin game
channel look at the top of the
description me and him will be playing a
lot of video games on his channel and my
gaming channel so get after that
subscribe to the rent also makes the
very end of video I want you guys to
comment down below some games for me to
spank my mom at I think it's going to be
hilarious I will make bear videos if you
guys like them I rage she sucks video
you know that's pretty good okay so my
god you could use energy gamer so I
might play some games with my dad so
common well you guys wanna see down
below for the gaming channel and I'll
see you guys soon on movi where we stay
a little bit more sadder than my main
channel and as always based savage
Nadeau
you
