good morning a Elwood City werewolf II
welcome back to more Wolfie guys Jenna -
Silvia for the breakfast I'm at my mom's
house I slept here last night we are
having hot dog spaghetti for breakfast
you shouldn't be doing this but Yolo
I've been craving Casa Grande so long so
Silvia have made it last night and we
brought it here very good way to wake up
in the morning had a little bit of
Parmesan cheese to add the perfect spice
seasoning in there here we go and then
we're going to get the day started with
the coffee because you guys already know
what it is I hope everyone's having a
blessed day I hope you guys are like
planning at your crashes attention like
this low-key this is really trying can
you jump up here oh are you coming in
the middle now let's not panic little
buddy how's it going this dog is the
attention Queen and y'all Prince what
are you saying stop shaking no dogs are
so nice today is gonna be a little bunch
of us are filming it's going to be extra
late and if you guys are lucky we might
do some Deena or I squeezed that on
every single burger that we're buying so
we're just gonna go tease very what's
your favorite cheeseburger damn it sorry
like are you very good
yeah Five Guys five guys delicious okay
yeah yeah yeah we haven't floor that we
hadn't poured over Charles you know
let's hit it favorite burger buddy you
know it's so good how many burgers room
I'm going I'm a nugget man your nugget
guy Wendy's nugget you'd rather have ten
nuggets than any burger anybody here
now get some sweet and sour Wow I might
have to pick up some nuggets but anyways
we are headed to I believe we're getting
colonics
do you please yourself show pain anyways
we're headed McDonald's Wendy's Burger
King Five Guys the what well the work is
men secondly over time yes over ten per
burger puss
I was thank God my Mandy McKay I'm not
paying you have gas money by the way you
have gas money
yeah I'm not really starting it tonight
so thank you is going to attractive get
you an uber driver that businesses so
you throw just the seventh and then I'll
grab them exalted and large fries please
and the like Rises well and a junior
chicken
those kids are that's a good value and
at ice water please
no I thank you have a good day I'm not
even I'm not paying okay blood pumping
I'm a big rope you should have told him
you should have told her that it was
just a troll now I don't want it it's
troll tripping around burger number two
large fries yes I got a chicken family
here would you would you munch one
choice no not much one yeah you would
alright come on guys don't be food I'm
just doing this for my video we're going
to have a bunch 11 boys room
I don't have one where I need to little
bit they don't invite it yeah yeah off
with use white rice we alternate
cheeseburgers please combo just the very
pleased with large eyes and then can I
know November a separate order back with
large right yeah you take an artery
Clark's right no no second order is what
guys I literally just I just spotted
bear girls oh my god
Bear Grylls is in Ottawa right now this
guy I just literally saw him tonight
thing a friggin pigeon
in the middle of Omaha this guy has a
camel hat camel hood on he's going crazy
shout out there girls Rachel guys the
only reason I go to five guys have to
get these peanuts
free peanuts so you know your boy wolf
is all about charity I don't actually DC
nuts
I'm not Ryan I don't love peanuts
peanuts are medial grab an almond guy I
just get peanuts to feed the wild okay
create the wild squirrels are going to
love you for that we've now been in bulk
barn for about 45 minutes all man's are
brainstorming nice Easter ideas I got my
supplies in here for a few videos david
parody please let me call it that you've
got his stuff and then ryan of course no
ideas no ideas in the brain yeah I
didn't get like I didn't get the six
really for nothing oh yeah right give
you an idea location so I gave them a
serial idea so now we're even
over even though yeah you should do DIY
okay bubble wrap chopstick lollipop
Easter edition idiot you guys are all
buying our stuff and then I think I'm
gonna film today is a film film edit day
grind day not even wearing swag today
just sweat outfit with the King shoes
David got this one chocolate two bags of
this I got this one chocolate Oreo chill
chill show him what you got I thought of
you guys never done it hi white
chocolate hey guys are out here buying
the whole school such as save as much
money as possible seems good yeah that
that's a little bit cut out the walk
burn for actually closing the store
because they know I'm dropping heat on
this day and this day so they're
literally closing the store because
everyone's going to be watching my vids
you guys will be two guys shadow my main
man Bongo for picking me up
a savage Suprema tank top but you guys
see me walking around Coachella this
will be what I'm wearing link in the
description bar guys these guys
surprising with random things link in
the description I got you this nice
whatever assault oh yeah well we were
upstairs while you my association for my
close up read savage let's get it yo DJ
is not here right now DJ is not here so
squirrel I don't know why you're coming
we're not feeding you nuts cut Thank You
Olli some things you can just come
anytime DJ's nine-year-old a ok wolf am
so if you guys keep up with the date you
guys know that east
it's pretty much year so in the spirit
of Easter I was thinking how is the way
that I can give back to some of my
subscribers some of my wolf spam some of
my old G day1 supporters and then I
thought hmmm what if I challenge you
guys and if you get something great I
give you a reward and I wanted to give
out some crazy stuff because obviously I
haven't done a giveaway in a minute I
owe you guys a lot but I'm holding the
iPhone 7 and all that stuff for pretty
much next month
I've been scheming and I'm planning some
neck giveaway right now so in the
meantime I was like how can I give back
to as many people as possible by the way
guys you don't know my setup why is
there a giant green screen behind me I
mean Shawn's room cuz Shawn's not here
right now Shawn you're lucky I'm not
pranking you bro
I see what you're doing to Ryan and
nobody pranks Ryan except Wolfie and you
apparently but I'm gonna prank Ryan soon
but you're lucky I'm not pranking you
okay Shawn anyway I was thinking of
ideas and then it came to me I was like
yo I haven't done like a crazy follow
spree in a minute so why not follow a
bunch of the wolfman so I'm going to be
doing a big bowl of three but in order
to get a follow hey your boy bought a
lot of many eggs basically I'm gonna
fill this jar with mini eggs and if
people can get the exact amount not one
higher not one lower so many eggs in
this jar and you get a fall now it's
probably going to be a lot of comments
so I won't be able to follow everybody
but that means you have to be quick with
it start guessing I don't care you can
come in a billion times in comment one
time but I'm challenging you guys to
guess how many many eggs are in this jar
I'm even going to do you guys a favor
I'm literally going to time-lapse me
putting them in here counting them out
but I'm going to speed through a really
quick so if you're really crazy you
would slow the video down to like point
zero to 5 percent speed and then try and
count individually or you could do a
little bit of math I don't really know
how to all this is but the height of my
finger is like this and it's like pretty
much a little bit smaller than not my
hands like that I'm 6 5 that really
helps I don't think that's going to help
at all the whole so yeah I'm trying to
help you guys out but in order for me to
know how to follow you guys I need the
format of your guests to be like this I
need you to put the number you're
guessing that I need you to put your
Instagram handle and then your Twitter
handle so that know who to follow who to
DM because I'm going to DM a bunch of
people also like I said you can comment
as many times
you want but this is right it's quick
thank you quick way of giving back to
the wolf am but I thought why not
challenge you guys at the same time so
without further ado let's build this bad
boy up
alright here we go guys let the counting
begin so go get back economy so this is
what the final amount of mini eggs looks
like guys I will give you a nice
up-and-down from bottom to the top just
what we're working with right now here's
a top angle view I don't know if that
really helps you maybe you can like
count how many Edgar on top another side
angle view tips because it is just about
as tall as a ps4 game so that's one
measurement and then here's how wide it
is I know they're there people like
doing math at home right now now I'm
going to put the lid on push it okay we
got it on we got it on and then last but
not least to help you guys out a little
bit more even though I know a lot of you
guys are just putting like 1/2 like
probably like five or six seven hundred
I don't even know how many you're going
to get but I know that they're people
just commenting literally every single
number and then their Instagram like
you're gonna have but for something I
don't even know I'm gonna have my boys
guess how many they think are in it just
to like give you some number to go off
so let's see how many many eggs they
think are in this jar guest number one
comes from the man Bongo a inspect it
you have like a couple seconds to
inspect it take your time and then throw
up your guests what are you doing
one second well girls will check out for
him
calculator you have to get exact the
amount exactly yes no over no under no
closeness to twenty four to forty four
okay let's see if it's math is right I
changed my answer to forty eight to
forty eight I had taught them to love
I'm telling you min another blog to come
so make sure a lot every other vlog got
to watch all of logs if you don't and no
winning right here what is it come on
what is going through his head right now
but have a second not now this is some
next numbers are playing circle okay is
circumference right I got this if he
actually gets if you get the right
number I'll say you got the right number
right now that involved is you
that what but I know I was relatively
close I would give her neighbors one up
again how do you know I do I know I just
did simple matter what to think about
the average adult music oh how many on
average are each layer they act
companies are necessarily officially my
dear mark your mother how'd you get that
number is small goes all over like what
is it doctor - 27 - 27 is up next
yes no fat isn't what is it 300 okay
yeah hundred okay 40 jazz up next no
charlie yeah I'm gonna say 202 and then
David David in fact did a video like
this on jelly beans oh yeah I found it
when I was looking up this David should
know something like this I'll pay it so
I can vote yeah you calculate from 180
for all right so David said to 100
everyone else at 200 except for this man
he doesn't hear that with you until
you're ready to hear it yeah I can't say
this to you guys so I'm going to cover
my mouth right now the final answer is
Big Dawg so it's close okay I'll see you
guys later dad okay guys holy it is now
dark outside we've been doing grind mode
we filmed main channel for David second
channel for David to videos for my
channel Ryan didn't end up filming but
where'd you say dude what are you sober
oh my god that was like your field it
was 20 years ago we filmed a burger
taped after Ryan Jones well oh yeah that
was the whole morning dusted in Bangor
elf only for Dustin channel so I'm gonna
go home now and start to edit a bit and
I'll update you guys on how that's under
we watch the first round by the video
it's not out no son I was just on
Instagram watching a video hashtag
privacy the videos out oh the - yeah no
he's just writing it is riding
four-wheelers
I'm actually in such a hurry for
Coachella basically I want to stock
videos up so that I have some videos
just in case I don't have time to vlog
because I got to do whatever Sylvia is
doing if I can't blog it I can't vlog it
but I am going to vlog as much as I
possibly can only go down there so you
have to get ready so that you can still
drop bangers while you're at Coachella
which means Ryan is going to edit it
for me because he's a good friend I'm
gonna edit a video I might even at two
videos who's playing lil uzi your job
all right
your judge came down you should never
lie look me Am I she said baby I'm not
afraid
hi listen to that okay copyright okay
here's the game we're going to give you
a rapper in a song only for 15 seconds I
don't want to get spanked that's the
stage case if you hear this and come up
okay your drink your drink your drink
let's see I'll do it perform you art
stop stop stop stop please okay okay all
right hey okay that's enough a drink I
set up a great now you're Tory Lanez
back to you let me get
Oh off your los Amigos as my
crowd-surfing question a big customer
you know don't try to be Grizzles y'all
gonna have to have our thumbs up jump up
jump up smoking no pink in the hotbox
oh is it their person in the way I don't
know buddy cricketer glad I love they
get in they coming to games
I'm a celebrity too and cooking up the
winner boost Joanne niggas - offset
thank you guys recently YouTube I don't
want to go on a view to brag because I
love YouTube obviously it's amazing it's
fun but lately they've been spanking
your boy they don't put me on recommend
it don't put me on suggested nothing
like that anymore
so I honestly think this what I'm about
to show you is then maybe trying to suck
up to me a bit I don't know but check
this and your boy got put on the YouTube
Instagram page see that YouTube your boy
wolfy um I invented post-its hashtag
regram wolfy already know that is shout
out to YouTube for putting me on your
page and told me to see PM's we worked
on that video would have respect what I
mean no seriously I love YouTube you're
the best but you should definitely put
your wine in trending because you should
put us both on trending well I guess I
would put this pic I'm kidding
okay the guys like okay we'll put it on
to put a picture on training but
seriously you - what the hell when I get
like three mills in one day on a video
that's trending so just put me on
trending okay I love you guys
this is the cutest picture in history
guys one dog sleeps around another wolfy
jr. he's a waste his eyes a week
princess passed out my forgetting here
can you get it anyway watch out good no
no children watch out
Charles ready to go to Coachella good
boy you ready Prince boy
are you ready cuz I'm ready I'm ready
I'm ready
wolf am wolf and Wolf amber is Rosie
okay
what guys Ryan train comes into
convocation cases I'm guy and bomb we're
going on vacation long vacations sheep
live life live like guys like the video
if I should go on a vacation because
right now I'm literally grinding so hard
it's ridiculous but quick little talk
with my cameras dying I don't even have
a battery on me I'm literally all over
the place I'm going to Coachella not
tomorrow but the day after tomorrow
which means I have to get a lot of stuff
done like I said earlier in the video
I'm like I'm planning I'm planning I'm
planning so don't have a bathing suit
don't got swim trunks to wear so I have
to buy those tomorrow which means I have
to wake up super early it's 1 a.m. right
now my mind is wandering I have 2 videos
to edit our main channel video as Bunga
would say I can't even eat because
that's what I say when I'm when I'm
stressed I literally can't talk to
people I can't chew I can't any day to
get a haircut gotta get a haircut I've
ended up in like my new vlog amenity
blood I love you so much
this is a shorter vlog but I hope you
guys understand I will be back probably
tomorrow with another vlog if not the
next day because I have not planned
stuff coming at your head o'clock but
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog if you
did make sure to go down smash that like
button
let's hit 30k I hope to see some of you
guys if you guys are going to be at
Coachella this is like my first big
music festival I've been to a few but I
really go to events like this so I'm
pretty excited it's going to be
different but I got caught they're
closed tomorrow so comment down below
clothing will see a car Thanks something
to comment something the diminutive area
under the log I'm panicking comment
don't stressful and I will see you guys
doing on mobile from where we state a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage back
now
