I honestly didn't wanted to have to come
to this but I don't know I don't know
what happened
this is morning a boy won't be welcome
back to more Wolfie I gotta sound really
quick cuz I'm not trying to get
copyrighted by the song but basically
we're in Urban Outfitters I'm doing a
little bit of quick wardrobe change
because I'm always on like different
ways I'm looking at overalls guys like I
don't even know if I'm an overall guy
they don't have Excel so I'm gonna try
them on but you know they could be a
lead so before we start the blog make
sure to go down and smash that like
button those we the other crazy I'm
stress whoever not my son Ryan is a real
peace sign I also got some short shorts
my coffee
cuz if I don't have my happy in the
morning I'm old no trouble you guys
think of these I don't know how I feel
about these guys they're little too
small I wish they had Excel but you know
they just have large but yo it's a
different wave if you just much like let
me start off blog hit 35,000 with your
nose go go go
I'm probably not gonna get them
clothings here alright guys so basically
I got some new clothes in these are not
designer clothes by any means there's a
row but like if you remember I bought a
bunch of pants back when I was in Ottawa
like probably a month ago and then I
play myself because I guess I
double-clicked got two pairs of the same
pants when I got a pair of pants that
was supposed to be my size but it didn't
really fit me for some reason so I had
to return those but they gave me store
credit and because I'm in America now
shipping was a lot faster so I got the
next batch of things way quicker and now
I officially have defeated my clothing
collection like of pants I have
unlimited jeans literally like for the
longest time I was looking for jeans
that fit me nothing fit me because I'm
picky and all so now we switch the wave
up you go to up and now we got shirts
and we're on a different wave of summer
vibe shirts so we got this one this one
which is mad extra another one which is
super extra the pleanty which is
actually very wavy I don't remember how
many clothes did you get this bro shorts
the shorts I guess I got summer shorts
and then last with all these another
pair of pants did I oh ok so let's just
do some unboxing real quick and then
oh these are jorts bro these are jorts
fam they're not long found their shorts
look it cuts up at the bottom Oh ko
let's do tryouts alright guys this is
the first tee I don't know how I feel
about it to be honest
like I think that I got it a size too
small even with the glasses I don't
think I can pull this off so I might
have to donate this to the Omari mitts
foundation Oh Mari this would be a nice
oversized fit on him when I stand back
oh that's like what yeah oh yeah it's
too thick
Oh mah reez not getting it not what you
think no boy I don't know next one okay
guys
second shirt one size up fits a lot
better I call myself zani and y'all hold
up actually one of my purchases today
from Urban Outfitters
you know this hat says call me daddy
anymore
don't refer to me as King Wolfie not an
apples I only go and I only respond to
daddy now so I got this I got this this
is a wave and now we have honesty so
shorts to charm so let's get it
shorts are success guys he's literally
fit flawlessly
I forgot that I got these I don't even
know what these are supposed to be but
they're kind of stretchy this outfit
altogether is like a caddy vibe so these
shorts are nice let's try on the other
pair
yo these shorts are actually a vibe this
shirt survived and I forgot I got one
more shirt but yo at the end of the day
the same robe shopping spree that was
just like because I messed up with pants
sizing and I had to order new stuff just
like the store credit
honestly super big success I'm excited
because now I have some more plain tees
some more shorts which I didn't bring
any to Elliot so I'm I don't know what
the plan is today this is gonna be a
goal with the flow vlog let's get it in
which I actually scratch that guy's
today's gonna be a friggin amazing day
because I got a special surprise for you
right now though we're on our way back
to the pretty much house because I gotta
go talk to my boys I have for a bit I
also have Edwin's bag special delivery
the Gucci bag on my waist that I was
supposed to give him for time and
Christmas screwed up everything so I can
officially give it to him today I don't
know if it's home if not I'm just gonna
drop it off there
so if you see everyone wearing that you
know that's from daddy wolfies sadi
and then yo yo Omar are you ready
Nona are you ready working on work do
you know what I never said what bro what
do you mean I never said anything about
what do you you want to get your nose
boost Brian let's do it like - its beans
guys so I'm making a song I'm trying to
get honestly guys like there's a lot of
behind the scenes stuff that you don't
see and I'm actually working on this
next diss track Zion is gonna be
featured in it all right you're making
the be fair yeah well yeah just this is
like exclusive guys we got the
microphone here this is the this is the
booth you guys know I can't give you too
much of a sneak peek of the song but
just know it
facts check the statistics we're not
going on big Shack burn we're going to
have Danielle verbally there's no way
but this shot come on do you know
another one that was perfect good spot
your Dookie trickshot on God yo pretty
much chick shots we tree Wolfie it's
pretty much these nuts
alright guys we're gonna do some trick
shots we're supposed to get Jamba Juice
games nice deal if you hit this shot
I'll give you a pop tag
whoever hits the shot gets a pop tag on
the screen any shot
yo chill relax relax no that's not no a
shot bro hit this you got a pop tag all
right boom on your hug design gets no
pop take home are you got one ko sign
gets a pop take mix-up first right
there's Nick spot tag you didn't even
hit it go follow follow follow don't
worry you're not big enough to dunk
produce chill - its ticky no no you're
not hitting that bro you need way more
bro is this dude perfect what are we
doing silly last shot for your old I not
know if you'll hold this okay this is
what I call
if you miss this we're getting drama
juice big deal oh that is name yo
Congrats we're playing on Jamba Juice
okay go throw it throw it
javelin whose hockey stick is that all
right let's get it no no no crazy no yo
I know I said in my other vlog shadow
phase rug for originating his name from
a certain place I actually made a
mistake it's not that place rug is
actually originated from this place they
have rugs outside don't know my dog I
miss you bro I gotta go to San Diego
soon guys I need to go see my dog run I
love my love anyways I finally convinced
these we gotta go get Jamba Juice so
Omar's age this is the second Urban
Outfitters we went to today here we go
let me see it let me see your project
what's up wolf man we are here in
Sherman Oaks in our sin without your
gang why are in game challenge for your
fans bro
how many pretty much fan pages can we
get this video on just post this and get
me the pretty much follow his karate and
wool follows iron wolf bam golf ball
pretty much and beans spam go for wolf
if so you know be go broke my arms a
hella long so this is like this is nice
no telling what we're doing for update
the blog let's see oh you already know
you bite a Jamba Juice my my preference
was Happy Days cafe but man's over here
trying to stay healthy guys you know
what it is 2018 new year new me nah I'll
get back to shape but I'm no real real
damage is lucky fire to so we live now I
loves Ryan let's go get this yo what is
a girl see when she's not down for you
she says boy by boy by your oh yo we
found some absolute madman on the road
pull no no she stopped this girl stop
but y'all wait well she's getting ready
bushes bushes go actually going back
know about him no she was bouncing in
her car bro I swear to God you know yo
yo yeah you know yeah yeah you just like
the song no Jesse you really like Zack
may be cures like I look II like this
guy I wish I could sing Gabe's an
athlete and target no hit their around
the world no you know he just did double
around the world guys were buying a few
supplies for the vlogs video don't get
me kicked out hit around the world he's
not blood my blood not blood oh he
brought it back down control it so you
get control and go for it again
yep okay nope I got Omar why are all my
friends athletes old hours away be
you see the reactions oh that's all my
stuff but it's all good
are you kidding me yo dude perfect on a
wave oh you flinched
okay I can't even see what's going on
okay I'll do one trick give me a nice
wavy one Oh Mari
oh no no no rain blowing no please
please please not are you doing guys the
moment of truth is here peep this that L
is finally back finally they brought
enough elves and the L of the day is
gonna go to stop running start ready
it's not ready no one wants to hold the
L I'll leave it here when you come back
home are but y'all Loki I'm not buying
it because our DIY ones better
you really thought we were playing guys
you really thought we were playing I
told you guys I'm not playing around in
today's vlog we're doing some crazy shit
well Mari mids is onelli yo are you
ready I want to do this you guys smash
the like button listen okay wolf M I
need you to be real with me right now
this is not safe and we're gonna
Claire's where they pierced yes but for
the vlog wolfy is gonna pierce my nose
I'm straight I'm gonna DIY I'm the DIY
God we're gonna try it out you know
maybe have like a shot of alcohol
something like make you feel better but
yo shout-out to Drew for letting us take
the range because I don't have a car as
you guys know that I'm working on that
still in the process I didn't get a call
back from the dealership today so I
don't know maybe they just don't like me
well we pulled up to the mall we're
going to Claire's we're gonna go pick
out a nice nose ring together as wolf am
ring and ring whatever is nicer and then
after we do that I'm gonna take it back
to the club easy and I'm gonna figure
out how to do it myself
let's just watch it to watch one YouTube
tutorial and let's do it
yeah wolf em in every state like I was
saying guys we're gonna do this together
it's gonna be a choice with all the wolf
em you guys are here with us at the mall
right now if not a choice yeah that's a
choice so comment down below I'm gonna
show you guys the selection tell me
which one's your favorite yo guys when
you have a dollar bill put that dollar
bill to use and do something productive
with your life I'm riding one of these
things by yourself it's one bean let's
see you make and support pinky I gotta
get this bill nice and flat see if it
takes a hit okay say no more
No
don't even tell where its nose pieces
yeah which one you want you want
non-acceptance shadow gauge good oh my
god bellybutton piercing you mod don't
knows where is this selection where is
it is chaos so we these are all the
stats you can choose from wolf em which
ones you guys like these ones I need
just want a little good or this one
yummy
that's good for a cert oh this is just a
little stud and just a little gold okay
it's a call King I think we're gonna go
with one of these ones we're no big big
ice ice trader gang
alright guys we're gonna look and I'll
let you know which one again okay so
these are the ones we decided we're
going with guys peep these I think we're
gonna do the bottom one the gold dish
one yo why did you choose the circle I
wanted a stud but they didn't have any
studs no they did but like number ones
you want I think there was no like gold
yeah nice work could be done and the
thing is if I'm gonna wear rock my ear
it's gonna be a real so you're sure
about this
yo I was only options yeah say no also
but more Charlie asked the girl at the
counter of Paris cuz they do the
piercing out of Pierce I know and she
said I don't recommend it I said I'm a
savage you know wolfy she's like no and
I was they I bet I'm gonna do a tutorial
then subscribe the channel
so i'ma figure it out and I would do it
on my own so we're back at the crib now
guys and I picked up a bunch of
different options I don't know what
we're gonna use today for Omar not
trying to hurt him but we have a bunch
of different screws so we have these
small gold one no no no I mean these are
nails these onions these nails these
ones are screws you might use those we
got like thumbtack type things long ones
long skinny ones I'm thinking that these
long skinny ones are the best obviously
don't attempt what we're about to do
dumb idea I don't suggest it but we are
taking all the precautions we're gonna
clean this with alcohol just to make
sure it's nice and sanitary
also I'm gonna turn on my laptop right
now and look up some tutorials so let's
find some tutorials no no
this girl has numbing cream we did not
get the numbing cream forgot about the
dummy cream you get alright here we go
umm what do we got studs here maybe it
only works for studs but we got a hoop I
feel this Oh God video she uses a small
needle bro I bought nails she has a
needle
we bought now hold on this is just one
tutorial let's go to another tutorial
photos girl what yeah because no one is
like cool as us oh you could do those
just take it easy take it easy take yeah
they are girthy oh we have one right
here
this girl's nose look marche up to be
honest let's click this DIY piercing
antibacterial soap yeah
soap you want to clean it okay cool you
want to put lube on it we didn't buy
that so we rolled and then in a single
movement don't hesitate oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god put the ring through it
it's bleeding already wow yeah yeah yeah
this is not good okay here we go alright
guys so now the steps that we're gonna
take to make sure that this is as safe
as possible actually hold up hold up
hold up before we start any steps take a
sip of the wine first to numb your
tastebuds did not take it take a little
sip take a little sip alright so Omar's
gonna take a little sip of the wine but
make sure he doesn't feel the pain as
much is that good
there was lady again okay so that's the
first step second step is I actually I
don't know if you can do this with any
alcohol but like this is usually the
alcohol I use you can either use like
rubbing alcohol probably isopropanol as
I was called isopropanol I chose vodka
cuz legit vodka is a cleaning way water
product that's vodka yeah yeah little
vodka in the bowl as you can see that
from liquid I probably wasted too much
vodka but there's some liquid in here
next step we're gonna grab these and
you'll pick which one that you want to
go through your nose probably the
thinnest ones but we can use the screws
no
give me those back you don't need to use
well show what the gold ones is that one
actually that one's actually mad skinny
kayo we're gonna use one of these
Goldilocks ones and Mar chose the gold
honestly they're almost like needle
length so this is what it looks like
guys it's mad thin president focus yeah
very thin so we're gonna put that in the
vodka and we're gonna place it in the
microwave for like 35 to 40 seconds just
enough time for it to get warm I'm not
even getting this done but don't forget
okay guys so while that's warming up I
don't trust Charlie so I'm gonna just
pick the needle myself afterwards with
my lighter oh my god flame on woah okay
you're actually both you watching our
hands too so you know just in case bro
everyone should wash their hands so we
got dish soap here guys you know we
gotta play it safe
let's get that under the fingernails and
everything guys cuz who knows where you
could have germs on your body from here
we go gotta get that LA water on me
because you know it's so nice and clean
that you can definitely drink so my
hands are about to be super clean
yo yo can you turn the microwave off I
think it's been out for too long dry my
hands off it's boiling it's literally
smoking oh my god yeah yeah it's
probably really too hot to touch yeah
yeah yeah chill chill chill it's a hot
thing you'll get it on the table so now
this should be disinfected it smells
like warm vodka what rocío wolf am give
this guy's some motivation give some
motivation guys were smashing the like
button how many likes do you want
because you're doing this the worse the
world this is the smash 150 talc a relax
a 44 we gave 49 thousand legs hit the
like one let's hit forty two thousand
likes
yeah go ahead disinfect it yourself bro
and by the way guys just so you can see
these are real nose rings as you can see
we're using this one though towards
there's no nice
I'm gonna use this little golden we're
using the gold one on the bottom these
ones are kind of bullying always yeah
yeah how does this hold up how does this
work
we see this probably should have looked
at this before we came out of the store
but I mean huh how does this even gonna
go in here your ear you know
yeah ground by the evidence room imagine
I just do you here okay so I'm assuming
how it works so you can just pull it out
like that so there's like a little bit
of a space right there okay yeah and
then you just stick it in all right yeah
all right here we go all right guys so
here we go I'm taking this out of the
water now and honestly it's friggin hot
video go ahead and disinfect it all you
need to be very very careful with it
Omar because this is about to happen
rages your razor is gonna film the rest
of it now but I'm gonna do you're gonna
clean it and let's make sure
everything's good right now you'll have
monkey much you go the hottest part of
wait
this is the good part are you ready with
the white kicking yet yeah you need to
bite on this because it's my turn and
we're gonna do this in three seconds and
I gotta get the nose ring ready
everything's got to be good okay
I'm just wearing it so you can't see a
bit of the blood but we like let it cool
down I'll be back in a sec okay so guys
the warning bleeding bluey has cooled
down a bit how does it look
I don't know how does it look I pick up
places of the raw area
what do you mean I'd have to take it out
and put it the next day don't let Chris
Brown yeah hold on there's your door you
guys hit that like button but usually we
might have actually kind of looks wavy
though I think it would look better as a
stud ting all you gotta do both like
this is my got the nose ring I can't
even believe you actually let me do it
to him
he's aside with you thank you for that
yeah yeah everyone go follow his
soundcloud page he deserves it for that
I will leave it on the screen right now
I'll also leave it in the description
Oh more wine this guy's drink more wine
yo yo yo
hold on I Loki also bought some fake
ones from the store I will put one in my
nose and FaceTime Soviet see what she
thinks cuz I don't know one winter shoes
guys the moment of truth see what he
says I want to know
sure that she's on the block could be
the natural reaction yeah what do you
think what you mean me and Omar did it
random for the vlog we and Omar did I
randomly for the vlog did you have your
nose pierced before not just his nipple
it would be better as a stud it would be
better as a stud what do you mean
this hurt to get okay well it's fake its
fake its fake its fake
should I get a real one do you like it
okay all right guys I honestly didn't
wanted to have to come to this but you
guys know this is so literally the other
day me and Ryan we thought we had it you
know honestly you did our research for a
while it's not like we just wing the
whole video off the top of our heads
like that's not what it was guys I know
it looks something like that but it
wasn't like that I promise guys so we
thought we had the Logan Paul update
scoop when we said that he's coming back
soon but I don't know I don't know what
happened there was a few different like
clips leaked of like his whiteboard and
he was supposed to be coming back on
Wednesday and like this and that's
what's been happening nobody knows
what's going on anymore me and Ryan we
filmed we let you guys down even though
we got you guys to smash the like button
you guys last up we feel good this is
bad I just want to let you guys know
update on the whole situation me and
Ryan are not done trying to crack the
code I'm actually flying about to crack
the code he should be here on Wednesday
you know guys I'm noting even though me
and Omar are such a good dynamic duo
like I need my blog Ryan out here this
guy's my left-hand man we saw mysteries
together we react together like honestly
I would possibly say we're like the
price the best dynamic duo on YouTube to
be honest an honest opinion honestly so
we got a fly him out here and then once
Ryan touches down we're gonna crack the
code I promise guys I'm gonna work work
work work work work work until we figure
it out if Logan pot has dropped by then
if he's even dropped by the time this
video goes up we failed you guys but
even though we did still we hold the W
because we tried and what what matters
in life is just attempting and trying
things so the update on the whole
situation is that like we don't know but
we're trying to know and we're gonna
keep trying to know because I know you
guys miss Logan we miss Logan everyone
makes mistakes everyone has those days
guys the kid only just seen it it's
growing on you it's growing on me but
low-key it might be removed tomorrow
yeah I don't know he hasn't talked to
his mom better yet some mom's not gonna
like this yeah maybe we'll get up but yo
I hope you guys can forgive me about the
whole situation I know I let a lot of
you guys down like I'm trying my best
here cuz I know a lot you guys want to
see Logan pop yo who is it I'm trying to
film a serious video who's it what the
hell no no no Jake is that you yo come
here you have any news about the inside
scoop yeah okay wait wait wait hold on
boom they need to see this is you babies
you Jake
this is a miracle this is our stop
what do you have to say what do you say
what's the news what's the news holy
guys it was almost like a movie scene
are you sure February 1st believe that
if you guys have to hear from me and the
out of the sources mouth I just say he's
going back soon
probably just soon to be honest day or
night just like the first year you guys
go to this meeting tomorrow and my jig
Paul I'm a jig Paul what are you trying
me team to ten what is this okay guys
see you heard of your first inside scoop
Jake Paul for anywhere from here to the
end of 2018
hope you guys said print so tell me tell
me guys look at us I just came to
Sylvia's house to see sylveon no go and
I just was chef no I say chef literally
me and Sylvia have like this name for me
it's called Pablo and I'm Pablo every
time I'm friggin cutting his hair
because guys check out the fade I gave
Prince Prince news
no you did no you did not just oh my god
no you didn't your feet are wet
no no prints no prints no no no why are
you shaking hmm
yeah that was Prince guy was he's
shaking my whole leg just has principal
on it I was gonna say look at the Fate I
did on this guy's eyes he has no red
marks anymore he's a cutie but yo he
peed everywhere
all right guys not the way I wanted to
end off the vlog but Prince just peed
everywhere so I gotta clean it up now
um if you guys enjoyed the vlog make
sure to go down and hit that like button
let's hit 35 thousand likes on this
video cuz I mean it was a banger you
guys know tomorrow's gonna be super
exciting and then the next day Ryan
sways is coming in town again me Ryan
and Omar we've never been in LA all at
once so it's gonna be weird
Nickolas crazy shenanigans happening a
lot of tough shit so stay tuned for that
comment down below anything I mean bad
boy comment down below bad boy sir
Prince can get across bad boy and I
could be reading some of the comments uh
literally that couldn't have gone any
worse guys I love you guys to death
thank you so much for supporting me
every damn day the vlogs have been super
lint and you guys have been showing me
so much love so shout-out to you guys
for that Prince you need to cut and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we state a little bit more savage
in my main channel as always stay savage
Lego
