good morning a yo what's get it to where
we'll be welcomed back wolf fan to
another vlog master like button if you
guys are excited for today last leg
wasn't if you guys want good luck for
the rest of the day to smash the like
button I will personally come to your
house and deliver you pizza so let's be
afire with the day first thing that I
gotta get done is see this old bad boy
this old computer right here I have to
deliver it to my dad it was in my
computer room I had it for like the
longest time you might have thumbnails
the amount of videos I edit on that
computer when it was right here is just
ridiculous guys I took it down last
night I was reminiscing on all the old
videos that I made on there but I feel
like it's finally time to let go of it I
told my dad I would give my old PC to
him four times with that today's your
lucky day
y'know he's getting it today plus it has
the dual monitors look at all the
remains of the juice that I have
triggered Merck's for the two day
cleanse the only problem is though that
I don't have like a big container to
bring them to my mom's house side that
should be doing this low-key if you knew
that you guys new computer today you'd
probably do it too but so little bit of
a surprise so I guess there's only one
way to save the day I'm likely to German
I can kick in like a hey hey kami I
don't like rough Hey starting the day
off with my boy egg look it up that's my
merged purposes my Moritz okay so we got
to stop with bringing into my mom's
house hopefully my cats don't run
outside because I'm not paying attention
to them and it's been a giant truck on
the road there's a delivery upstairs for
you these are the shirt that I picked
off that I'm going to get custom sold
like the arms for summer shirts because
they are a little oversized even for me
and I'm giant what I want this summer
shirt let's go in so I'm bringing these
here's my mom peers and know that she
has to sell them yet mom you have to
stole my shirt today now she knows final
piece of this computer now I need to get
my shirt searched so in case you guys
are wondering why I'm trying to get my
shirt so is because this really it fits
look at this it fits long it's big it's
a nice summer key but the arms your arms
are not very summer until the arms need
to switch off my shirt you HOT like one
shirt is one thing three shirts -
something else
twice is the right length guys you see
that are instantly turns into a summer
shirt my mom fills my chest okay guys
this is what goes into Coachella yellow
Coachella DIY year on outfit on the DL I
got so long explain to the young viewers
what goes into sewing sewing you gotta
take this needle okay pregnant
alright so guys this not say my life is
B so on my
guys I think my passport might be and we
might be good for Coachella literally I
got a random call what Paisley Shawn it
was one of those voicemails that sounds
like a person I said hey and then I just
kept talking so I got so peep this guy's
the sleeves used to be a little baggy
but now the sleeves fit nice took way
longer than I expected but good news the
guy just called me back on the phone he
said the passports in that means I can
go to Coachella yes lovely cat puke in
my basement great I told you guys I
would update you on what my mom's
backyard looks like when the snow melts
and the snow is finally starting to melt
so this is what we're working with right
now there's a little snow left in this
corner but I'm sweeping all the mess up
over here this is accumulated for my
gummies Dustin's gummies my brother's
videos and I'm pretty sure a bunch of
other people have filmed at this house
too so there is a lot of mess to clean
up but the hoses running luckily so we
got that going that side of the friggin
backyard is pretty untouched you shall
not pass Oh so guys we ran into a bit of
a problem basically if you see how much
pressure this hose has there's not
really enough pressure to get there's
some sort of gumming on the ground right
here like I can spray all I want like
this and only some of it comes off but
it's just not working as quick as I want
it to be oh did you get the keys I got
the keys no I got the keys where every
shade the table we made it on time and
the guy said specifically that I didn't
need to wait in the line he said I'm
wolf am i watch your videos you can just
go ahead and skip the line so if you
lied to me there's going to be a problem
even steady subscriber will begin but
you guys should to link in the
description but what is going on right
now he said I get to go to booth number
one so if there's like minimum a hundred
people here I'm skipping I'm going to
boost number one let's get it guys i
just got my passport here and a lot of
people live has a lot of people buy I
don't have to wait in line they knew the
wolf pack yeah it's good it's right here
thank you very much we are good to go
for Coachella let's get it we've got the
passport pretty simple but I mean I
still feel bad for like everybody else
is here
let's get to spend the whole day here
but they knew old famines number one Sam
we're Gucci two people so far that's not
me and Ryan are football players in the
passport office and the guy who works at
Tim Hortons to shut him but I just
thought of okay oh well Sam I hear
okay we're skipping class that into
don't get shot but yeah whatever song
board is I want to prank Sylvia
basically this girl's been stressing
more than me about getting our password
about being able to go to Coachella
because if I can go there to Coachella
she'd be stressing hard so here's what
I'm going to do yeah I'm going to call
her or FaceTime her right now and tell
her that I was unable to get my passport
so I don't know if there's anything we
can do so I don't think I can go to
Coachella with it and then I'm going to
say to make it realistic I'll pay for a
ticket and like by my own Coachella
ticket I'll find one somehow here we go
guys hello yo bad news what I don't like
I can't get the passport today or
tomorrow the guy told me I could come
and then I paid extra and he's like yeah
there was a delay so you can't get it
today
no okay I know you got if my mom didn't
tell you you deal but here we're good
guys my mom's a snitch I'm gonna call my
mom and tell her she's a snitch yo why
are you snitching on me I'm talking to
try and prank her and tell her I didn't
get my passport I was talking about the
dog yes bitch yeah I got it my mom is a
snitch guys anyway wake yourself up
double double ah shout out to my girl
Rebecca I can't copy aka Margaret she's
a lovely girl guys everyone subscribe to
her Channel at Rebecca anyways we're at
the boy's house we picked up like 600
keys because I'm he's losing his keys
for the house we are about to go do
something you guys know your favorite
time of the vlog but do you know Ryan's
waist welcome I'm here for the school's
greatest yet the
those right Please Please I don't know
do you comment down below let me know
I'll call follow follow what who they
follow I wasn't like you who care what
yeah you guys know it's great
you don't write in three games your
shutter speed pot the prodigies at your
school this the old high school stomping
grounds y'all ready know what it is okay
guys so we came to the old stomping
ground this is going to be the most
promo you'll ever see on one of my
videos everybody get a shout out my
name's Daniel popping up on these guys
every follow me in Instagram yeah give
it unjust look with you let's go on my
Instagram would you hide your Dean or
the rocky bottom okay no you get another
one is gone how about that thank you for
you let's go oh my G that got under
school everyone gets a shout out got to
give back the supporters that is so
unimpressive does the dot no riots wait
though hey guys we're gonna see how many
he will know right we know you know
right yo you guys know where I'm sweet
you know try to avoid with the Ryan's
waves we don't want to scare off any
kids so we like to like feel welcome we
don't want to so we all yell as a kid yo
you guys know Ryan sweet you actual feel
asleep guys hey we may see let's go
before the number one lady man shut up
to you man she couldn't get a picture
but she's on the vlog great fans at
River
we could write variability so guys we're
about to go get some food right now but
we're taking a quick little walk because
it is still pretty nice outside it's
starting to rain where we're getting the
most of it so check out this private
property looking at I'm going to show
you guys how much of a badass I am I was
just going to do this yo yo yo yo Dustin
Dustin does another charge charge charge
charge
Dustin don't make me do it I'm doing it
yeah you're actually a nice Instagram
pic on this field look at these friggin
hot ring on it's always nice to have a
good meal with your boys halfway through
the day to celebrate YouTube's dying
guys talk about food porn am i right
like what the heck say goodbye to this
juice cleanse will be Coachella I want
to be nice for you but I seem to get
faster all I gotta say guys is what the
heck do you know about this what do you
know about this chicken Caesar salad
you don't know anything about this
Prince you don't know about this why are
you shaking I'm not my mom tell us now
and I actually have a super good idea
which blew my mind about like an hour
ago basically I was having a
conversation with the boy and we came to
a conclusion that nobody knows what the
emojis truly mean I sent in emojis you
guys know the emoji with the smoke
coming out of its nose like this a lot
of you guys have definitely use that
emoji and if you haven't used that emoji
you've used some sort of emoji but what
if I've told you you're using the emoji
completely wrong so apparently these
emojis are lying to us if you go on your
MacBook you can literally see by
hovering over the emojis what they
actually are supposed to mean so those
emojis that you thought you knew you
don't actually know what they mean so
I'm going to show you guys quickly what
I mean do you think you're going to get
them right probably not probably not
okay at least she's honest guys I think
other than the smoke coming out of the
nose I'm gonna get them right so guys
here's a list of the emojis basically
I'm on my mom's laptop because I didn't
bring mine but look at this if you hover
over it you can see that this one is a
bird but check it out I just wanted to
prove something wrong to you guys this
emoji a lot of you guys have been saying
it's a dog okay bless then why when I
hover over this emoji
look at it says woof face I've been
using it right this whole time and it
was just a random guess this is the dog
it is not the wolf
let's just go to something you thought
you know the one I was just talking
about faced with look of triumph
what dad I do not know what look of
triumph that is and then look another
one this one could be like flirting or
something face
savoring delicious food
how could someone ever guess that that
is a face savoring delicious food it
makes no sense so time for me to
challenge my mom and see if either of us
know what the emoji really means and you
guys should play along and let me know
at home comment down below how many out
of the list that you guys get right do
not lie okay play fair and square
I'm challenging you guys if you guys can
beat me you can have whatever you get my
hole get prints you get prints basically
I found 20 emojis you've been using
wrong so I have to guess what it means
my mom has to guess what it means and
then we're going to see what it actually
means let's see how many emojis my mom
thinks she knows the grower hand up what
does it mean I'll tell you what people
think of me yeah it's like a sassy girl
look at me I'm a princess I'm looking at
me how hot I am yeah like switch my hair
type thing okay so you just told me what
it means
that's what I think what do you think
@kt want some pie but who is ever saying
that somebody when does that occasion
what if I told you it's an information
desk person it is no but I go over it on
your laptop it's like do you want some
information how can I say creation if
you're would you like to buy it pretty
close yeah actually mine's better you
targeted me and my mom got 0 to 5 on the
first round comfortable though if you
got that one because that was ridiculous
this one right here piece you want to
know like I don't want to hate let's
just yeah let's just loan everyone yeah
okay what do you guys think because it
means I do the same thing by the way it
means victory history was that I'm
really not going to question this
website because I'm just going to assume
that it says victory somehow going your
I message you go check it out but this
is weird like this list gets weirder and
weirder so hopefully and get the next
one right the next one is the one that I
was just explaining did you listen to
anything I said
do we have steam coming on your nose
like like I'm a bull I'm going to get
you on my angry Gary yeah and well I
know it's like
come on in this one but there's like a
free point where you can get it that's
what I think it means triumphs okay so
you didn't let's do it anything I said
that wasn't I was looking for the animal
okay
0 for 3 me and my mom I'm 0 for 2 but
I'll say 0 for 3 I'll take the out cuz I
didn't know what that one meant this one
do you get stumped it's butter cookies
completely like a sweet potatoes what is
it what's your final answer I believe
I'm gonna say yes exhale it look like a
yeah oh yeah man you know what your
interest stump with the butter yeah
don't put her on it roasted sweet so
there you go yeah this is super do 0.599
looking guy nobody else God is what
that's not a sweet potato bitch is Catoe
which and this is not this I'm sure the
viewers didn't know what that is please
comment down below tell me you didn't
know what it is to make me feel better
about myself this one I'm crying you
know this one is how would you sentence
I'm so amused at emoji like dad emoji I
like a girl loss that somebody wouldn't
let me go look for me both side I'm so
emoji how would use it when like ah
study for exams I just worked a 10-hour
shift ah oh my god this is ridiculous
like I'm over it I'd say what you saying
I don't really know how to describe that
it's like I'm just I'm fed up I'm like
stop texting me texted me 10 times give
me a second you played yourself it means
tired
that ain't tired you guys are using that
wrong because I know you gotta do the
way I just it so that's your Oprah okay
I'm gonna show this one at Dustin three
two one
38 I'm hitting a kid like oh you're the
victory head I think he's starting
anything people have used it on your
eyes look happy so you know if I look
focused on the book that you get but to
your 90 on exam how many giving me
dessert Wow your guesses like this do
you have a phone excuse emoji I don't I
usually put sunglasses upset so the
answer is bowing yes master
so the last emoji is this one boom do
you know anybody one I crime you could
even use that was like yeah this is like
oh I don't like it's not oh it's like
this guy hasn't texted me back in five
hours like I want to chocolate cake and
they gave me orange
and happen to you is have you ladies a
real-life reason illogical food you know
what if I told you it means you're
sleeping sleep that one in any part even
though there is two sleeping emojis
that's supposed to be a suppose they
could have made that better kind of
small igloo
what blew snot the timing look the
example it shows like Snorlax like India
does not play yeah I don't agree
anyway that is that I hope you guys got
zero to ten but however many I did I
didn't even count why I just got
frustrated halfway through because it's
ridiculous I'm younger I don't know the
investor doesn't know them
nobody knows dumb jealous Augusta just
dusted you already know their end
subscribe please that why are you
bugging me I don't feel see how I do
Cameron's owner your smithing I'm not
signing on anyways guys I hope you
enjoyed another banger vlog today was
very fun going to the schools and stuff
so if you guys enjoyed the vlog make
sure to go down smack that like one you
already know what it is let's hit 28,000
what's on this vlog mom someone from in
the comment down below have holes in
your pants Charles has okay why do you
have holes in your pants okay my mom
will come back to you guys if you guys
can comment that how many people are
going to comment to the first 10 so
hurry up go Spearman I know a lot of you
guys get to the end of my vlog to
comment and read the description so I
know you guys are going to comment but
that just means they're loyal fam I
adore this on my video on your video on
this video comments if you could close
it avoid use secret there's the codes
that nobody gets the only about me
or anything again I love you and I will
see you guys soon on more will be where
we say a little bit less on my main
channel and as always stay savage let's
go
