good morning ay yo what's good at your
boy won't be welcome back two more will
be white before I even start the vlog
huge announcement your boy is starting a
gaming channel Wolfie games link at the
top of the description there's nobody
else on it now but there's going to be a
ridiculous amount of videos on there I
already dropped pretty much daily on
this channel I drop a bunch on my main
channel but I want to do games and I
never got around to it on this channel
so if you want to see your boy Wolfie
game subscribe to my channel let's see
how many subscribers we can get in 24
hours I want minimum 200k okay I know
the wolf em is like super active so
please subscribe to me again link at the
top of description I don't really have a
URL yet I'll get that too now I still
have zero subscribers please who wants
to be the first 100,000 subscribers
first 100,000 subscribers all get a free
iPhone 8 plus 7 and you get my whole
house so did you subscribe yet ok
but anyway what yes yes ok your house is
bigger so again my parents house anyways
guys today challenge I told you guys in
jest today's vlogs basically I have my
weapons of mass destruction ok check
that out check that out and check that
out I also have I also have the leaf
blower it's not my parents I happen to
be on my parents so we are going to see
how many fruits and like objects we can
destroy in yesterday's vlog I told you
guys to comment down below some objects
you want to see me mark a lot of you
guys said a few things so let's just go
through the objects we got whipped cream
I picked up 2 because there are 2 4 5 I
wanted to puncture the side and have
whipped cream spray everywhere
next bananas Ryan sweetie was hungry so
I got bananas starving and you know you
starving but they're also pretty easy to
cut so I got those I got chicken weiners
aka hot dogs with the chicken ones were
on sale great value totally coming up
yeah your friggin Walmart mom got these
cheap balloons obviously these are going
to bring in absolutely pop some more
balloons a cucumber a watermelon and
then a tomato ah what a Malone and then
anything else that happens to be in my
mom's house that we just feel like
stirring around the Kiwis some object
rotten bananas oranges
clementines we got it all year we even
got the bird sweet potatoes so without
further ado let's get into it smack the
like button if you guys are excited did
you subscribe to Wolfie games yet ok
bless if you haven't positively I'll
give you a second ok cool nice King sirs
oh yeah you like the King shirt
King shirt alert to that it looks like
I'm also wearing my king shoes double
King let's get it try the way guys I got
a new katana as well we're not gonna be
using it today but I just wanted to show
you how pretty it is and just to see the
sharpness of this bad boy
it literally sinks in this it sinks in
this banana literally no pressure it's
in the banana so I'm thinking about
doing a video where i strictly destroy
shit with the katana so again smash like
what if you want to see that anyways
let's get into the video okay you're
home okay Jojo come back come back come
back okay guys just do a quick tutorial
okay so here we go
I can see I think of one of these Cooper
supers from the from the dollar store
otherwise known as the garbage Cooper's
can you grab things with it here I got
this for the main reason being even
though I got gloves I'm kind of scared
of this place in my hand open I've had
bad experiences like making hundred
pound aluminum foil balls very relatable
stuff that everyone's done I've merged
my hands in the past so I'm going to
hold this like so and does it still spin
as the question so thin so I got it very
very tight I also have my leaf blower
here oh right I would be starting
already
there's no way here we go three two one
ok here we go 3 2 1 yay yo this is
leaking there is a nice joke marks right
there from the blade the weight the
blade can't miss because this is my cue
mark mark enough food I can chew nice
jump smart I'm gonna throw it I'm going
to throw it this way now and see if
there's any difference
yo Dan's an alarm incision I just
ringtone what the hell
attempt number two I'm throwing it this
time vertical yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo no
more vertical but keep this crack mark
all from here to here it's lit the whole
top open and the watermelon is is pretty
thick all the way bounce bounce bounce
bounce to here check out house burning
when really always in a dog pee pad so
guys do not attempt this at home it's
very dangerous I should I should be
wearing safety glasses and I don't want
a pair I now know not to overfeed now
we're going to cut the wall all open and
see if we can get it stuck inside again
yo use your katana blue katanas for next
video off it thumbs up like hey come on
cut with down meant to gain 20 75 35
percent keep it so here we go guys
actually it needs to stand on a power
bottom
oh that's attorney okay now we got the
watermelon still it's just the inside of
it I feel like this will be easier to
cut we're going to see how how much we
can dig inside of the watermelon let's
get it
whoa you're why is Billy Florrick so
diesel the same little watermelon off
what you guys saw nice gash mark you
would be fully dead but I'm doing the
show that was like at least I was like
three or four inches deep so that is
probably I'll raise my weapon like that
eight out of ten it's pretty beams but
we still have a lot more stuff to try
out which one which one you want to do
next let's go bun on often and another
okay guys so with my little like Cherie
can zing as you can see it broke when I
was off-camera i like spider with my
finger and i was like hey let's just
keep this can penetrate a banana so I
threw it lightly and both sides came off
so now honestly I don't know what I can
do but for now we're going to put this
blade back over here that's so
unfortunate no we're going to spin this
one as fast as we can because this one
is I don't know if I can spin it with my
big hands I guess they're too small oh
no we're good okay bless so I'm going to
have to spin it as fast as possible
without the leaf Lord because I don't
know if this one you fits into this
gadget yeah nice little plate here but I
want to do on because this we sit I
don't know if it we're trying it anyways
for the love of God uh what is the thing
hitting okay the glue hitting so we're
gonna have to do a little bit of surgery
I will be back in a second when I cut
off the bottom glue because I think this
glue being too thick is the problem it
keeps rubbing up against this anyways
we're going to use this plate again for
now this this way it seems to be the
best and most efficient blade even
though Sylvia laughing allows making
messes like this too many blades on it
cause the banana taste up we're going to
try and cut it in half the dinner will
fail
ah genetics playing everywhere but look
I got nice gasses in this banana
literally like keep up keep up but not
should you slime line as a paper tough
what all over face the water seems to
cut I think that is the most damage
we're going to do to the banana I'm
going to hold this one by hand and try
one more hand throw live on camera for
breaks guys rope no don't do that no
priests rules - oh and pulpit nice look
how sharp these blades are just look a
little bit of pressure and it goes all
the way in you can literally cut the
whole banana with this blade like this
visibly here so you know so you don't
need planes are sharp everyone close
their ears mom I'm throwing this out of
balloon the balloon just because I know
balloons are going inside it
of course here we go balloons automate
it without pop in 3 to thank honors when
gloves I literally almost cut my finger
open okay three two one
yeah let's go this machine you already
know okay the balloon was like a likkle
- easy Bubba lunatic balloons life is no
more guys all right people ooh it had a
wonderful life it lives one anyway
balloon is done let's just do a few more
balloons because here I'm okay how are
so hard my wounded another woods pain in
my life
Babloo popped smooth really - look at
the replay anyways guys I will over
estimate so I lined up all the balloons
right here and I'm going to pop we're
going to try and do all five in a row I
know the blade is razor sharp what
turned into having three of these toys
is now just the one I'll give you guys a
close-up on what it looks like on
expense
vicious vicious Glade okay so basically
my dad is going to use the lead floor
I'm going to have all my attention on
this blade got to make sure it doesn't
fly and hit anyone in the face and then
I'm going to come around and pop out all
five balloons go let's get maximum speed
here don't worry cool and it's still
spinning razor blade of death
check it out old way open up the
cucumber uh-huh knocking :
did cut it okay talking about let's go
these are the most dangerous spinner
toys of all time fidget toys of all time
by the way guys if you enjoy crazy
dangerous challenges I just dropped one
the time this vlog is oh I dropped a
video where I did where I made the
hottest drink in the world link right
here okay youtube.com slash Wolfie eng
for link also in the description
basically we put the Carolina Reaper
Ghost Pepper anything hot you can name
we did it so if you have to stop the
main channel what are you doing just go
show some love try our leg button there
also go show them the cameraman some
love youtube.com slash Brian Swain show
the leaf blower guy some love and I
gotta rent and this guy as well but
mostly you guys I've been here since the
jump since licensed reaction I love you
guys man blows one leaf blower fixes
nitrogen oxide multiplier skills so
great you can use it again then the
couple of hotdogs the chicken wieners
chicken wieners are up next let's get it
same blade that on the leaf blower got a
global on some professions I should have
hit by hi Pablo
why I would be fine no it's ready zeldo
I don't Merc anyways sickening my dad's
gonna be wearing both of the left hand
loves I got there because he wants to be
in the video he has to hold up the hot
dog like this I will cut it unless one
is less my mercy not tape at all but we
always take precautions on my channel we
have an emergency kit to show remember
remember is adjustable generate
experiment don't use me we also have 911
on speed all right here all they do is
call 9 and then 1
rest of you on the call we're ready and
when the phone calls on press and press
the Hangout button to end the call okay
we'll do hot dogs great the chicken
weiners okay dad let's go three two one
go we doing you guys hold on wiener
but like give me a lots of light room to
work with I don't want to hit you it's
not that you don't want him don't hit me
okay Joey come here E all right let's go
y'all these are fitted look at this
clean slice down the middle Gary all we
gotta do one more here take this one
it's uncooked you gettin Salmonella can
we do two in a row of the question we
always step up the notches on my channel
we're doing - I'm coming in hot
I'm still spitting - hot dogs now we can
get you come Berk and we will do the
whipped cream and a Red Bull but the
thing about all those very messy so
we're gonna do another box okay okay
we're doing Red Bull first shaking it up
and getting it nice and carbonated we're
banging out both please do not fly off
the deck or anything let's get it and
that's what I couldn't cut it
oh here hi cleaning outlet region clean
penetration of a Red Bull cup right I
think I saw the carbonation it bursts it
on this side and this side yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo
we need to do a second one get a slow-mo
replay on this why did it burst open on
both sides
I think cuz it it's a long time splendid
yo why
I want to write that you say it's not
possible that anything is possible so
here we go we got one side punctured
over here clean-cut there right here as
well so I think honestly because it was
so carbonated and it's just like I split
one side and it's like a guys do the
same the other side that's definitely
probably not it but that's my science
behind it so I'd like my body grow and I
get sugar it's like damn smells I guess
you're feeding me sugar okay next we're
going to do the whipped cream same
tactic hopefully this one doesn't
absolutely explode I know you're not
supposed to puncture this stuff it
definitely sounds like probably don't
puncture but we're going to stay in far
back for this one so for this one I'm a
little shook I don't know if the whipped
cream thing is going to actually like
absolutely explode so I put it inside of
this it's a perfect fit and we're going
to stand on this side I'm just going to
go like this and hopefully I hear a pop
I mean that's the plan I'm going to set
the camera there so you guys can see
what goes on but I just don't want to
get absolutely exploded with metal on so
if we're going over here if you guys a
prime location nice angle here so I can
come in like this here we go guys do not
try this at home by the way
Oh oh my god
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo that
there's we're cream there's whipped
cream everywhere it's spraying out
everywhere guys this is like it's
snowing all the way there over there no
no no okay it could still explode so I
got whipped cream all over myself what
I'm just gonna let the rain handle this
but yeah oh that was crazy and it even
did this - what get next model next one
off this bottle can cut in there it says
shake vigorously he looks how much I
know I don't think you understand how
much whipped cream just came out of
whipped cream
pitches came everywhere is madness
everything looks like he got snowed on
okay one more bottle number two that's
why I fell off because it's so slippery
attempt number two brace yourself for
impact
oh it wasn't going fast enough ten
number three
I think I broke the toy guys never mind
I'm cheese the toy is living me like
broking I think the toy had too much
damage see look at this it's basically
off the statutory but it's had it's a
lifetime it's done a fair amount of
things so now he's going to cut the
other ones with the blades and call it a
wrap okay so just to end things off we
are going to take this blades that
didn't get too much low it's the only
one that is not broken and we're just
going to see the damage we can do on
this tomato so tomatoes right here Joey
Joey hey hey oh gosh alert these knives
are ridiculously sharp
can I just poke it in slow that was
close that was too close
Jo through that I actually have good
grip with these ones Jesus Christ Keo
we're we're done with these things we're
done with these things just a quick
little jelly triple Stabilo I feel like
Wolverine
this is ghetto Wolverine guys's get
three blades and go like this
how to become ovaries and to reduce
deaths out of a couple beard for five
bucks now we're gonna see if we can just
chop the cucumber in half all these
three blades work together nice like a
knife fro clean-cut Jesus this these are
the sharp blades that we were working
with during the whole challenge guys
these claws are ridiculously sharp
literally easily cutting the cucumber
tomato just juice in it just juice in it
let's go look at that gash okay so
that's that so that's that I don't want
to injure myself the rest of the video
immersed everything but what I want you
guys to do is a huge favorite not only
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
done that already what the hell are you
waiting on go down and comment things
you want me to absolutely destroy with
my samurai sword my katana you guys know
it's a lot more easy to work with
I might even add like some spikes and
stuff on it make it even more dangerous
than it already is comment down below
what you want me to murk and I got you
guys also faster like button subscribe
the right way sleazy baby
link in the description you already know
today's rate bangers on his channel as
well you don't wanna miss out on those
rather than that
guys enjoyed this video and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little more showers on my main
channel and this is still a banger we
don't play it on both channels let's get
it please
