good morning ale with dystrophy welcome
back to more Wolfie we're starting the
day at the mall shopping for supplies
for the world's hottest drink you guys
have been begging me begging me for
months and months to do it and I've
pretty much pussied out for time and
time again but today is the day I buy
supplies so join me on this adventure
you got the boys girl girl and eat today
you know if I'm doing the video I have
to come to Chile Chile itself this is
the store that has all of the hottest
stuff that I could possibly need for
this video so here we go Chad wants to
taste reapers by using this one for the
video
let's see depends on your reaction this
is this is it here I probably shouldn't
have done that
play himself get over for the day you
have water ears oh okay yeah we'll take
it no no I know the bomb is nice so I'm
gonna grab one of these are you good
I'm grabbing one of these you guys don't
know here and I'll grab one of these
because I know these are hot to go ghost
pepper you guys are so I'll get on one
of these one of these and I'll get I'm
pretty sure this one this one's really
hot okay that was good
you didn't get some egg and I'll get two
more that one's amazing look at that
flip it upside down is this the one yep
yeah lava I'm gonna buy like two more
fun master I am Sofa King stupid here
very quick trip to West 49 it was last
second I wasn't prepared but check it
out your boy is getting odd future merch
right now
this is what I want my mercy look like
so I don't think I was going to fit
because the head was a little tight but
it's actually wavy probably going to get
some swim trunks swim shorts baby food
here as well because they got some fire
let's get it Coachella I'm coming for
you okay these guys are all looking for
kicks I'm buying some popular I almost
got this New York on keto they don't
make it but I was actually thinking
about if I'm going to Coachella I'm
going to need at least five of these
penny boards yeah let me model with this
even if you don't see it just all the
culture like this that's Charles one
purchase when you work at Allen's copter
store but you're a big fan of
transformers what do you call yourself
optometrist prime I'm a genius
a guy on the back of this card says how
was my driving this is called 100 blow
me I was like he doesn't actually want
you a call yeah I have a nice creature I
might legit call 1-800 blow me a you're
driving shy and why would you get a
green car you played yourself guys I'm
about to make Sylvia taste to pick me up
look at this one this is the one I
thought was really good well it was
going to be good but it turns out it's
not the best this one is a coffee one
organic raw cashew date maple syrup
vanilla and cinnamon what do you mean
you your hear it in your leg yo just has
maple syrup this has cinnamon this is
probably going to be like nice and
sugary I honestly would rather drink
black coffee than this this tastes like
I'm just straight like eating coffee
beans sama open it for Silvia by the way
guys update on Ryan's juice cleanses guy
how does it even drink the juice yet
guys been starving himself you need the
nutrients right okay here you go you
have to take a little sip now I'm going
to try get back gonna pick you up there
go go go no well you can take it
throughout the day morning wake up
midday focus yeah midday midday not bad
whoa and that sums it up Silvia kin-yuen
drinks the best one this drink is
literally like a treat to me compared to
everything else I have so if she can't
drink the best one she can't drink the
worst one but check out how easy this
one is watch me light work yeah you're
tasting it whoopee how about is it not
bad okay you just want me to pay you
good boy hey guys so we just finished
filming a video at my mom's house all I
gotta say
you guys already saw we go to a hot
sauce place so you know where lies yeah
good looking for making them not know
big is like leaked and you know I can't
believe whoa whoa top secret oh yeah now
we are going to the boys house for a bit
to build guys I'm very excited to offer
getting glue gun and glue stick a glue
gun a big one and I'm going to make the
world's most dangerous spinner toy I
bought expensive ones and cheaper ones
and these ones are going to be a lot
more liddie than the first ones I made
very excited to make the
the sitter yeah making this one yeah why
then laundry can wait ah yeah we're
gonna destroy some shit McDonald's
McDonald's McDonald's first your ice
cream doesn't work ninety-nine percent
of the time and now you want to blow
some renovation stuff on me Oh guys I
can't even even golf right now cuz I'm
back on a two day juice cleanse but
Sylvia wants ice cream so I want to
forget McDonald's and see what one there
and I'm not getting out of the car cuz
it's freezing and basically the
McDonald's drive-thru was closed so I
couldn't even get this girl ice cream so
now I got to go further away from my
crib yet this girl McDonald's but it's
all good because McDonald's ice water is
like the most Liddy's thing in the world
so I'm gonna pick up like minimum three
ice waters and absolutely chug the heck
out of them to fill myself up I still
ever got around to building those
dangerous mentor fidget toys but it's
all good because Sylvia said she would
help me and this girl knows glue stick
if anyone knows blue sticks it's Sylvia
so I bought the big blue stick come on
keep saying goosing glue guns who sticks
goes in the glue guns oh my god I have
no clue I'm saying anyway she knows we
guns
she knows crafts she's a very like way
more artsy person than your boy Wolfie
that's not my specialty so she's gonna
help you boy make the world's most
dangerous because the first one wasn't
dangerous enough this one has got to be
even more dangerous than round one let's
get it these guys better know how
hydrated your boy goofy needs to be
right now pretty good trip hey can I get
a chocolate ice-cream sundae or no yeah
chocolate ice cream sundae hot hot fudge
sundae with peanuts in it please let's a
little effort that's it and then can I
get three ice waters please cups of ice
water yes reddit yeah that's heading 247
up here Thanks why not call it friggin
ice cream sundaes the hot fudge sundaes
everyone knows that jeez I'm exhausted a
minute I'm going crazy I'm going crazy
why they get three cups of water I got
way too much water no Jesus three
water's did I play myself the question
the answer is no you can never drink
enough water
I hope this hot fudge sundae is enough
for Sylvia when I was four my videos to
take this girl had I think she's not
chatted or
know what exactly she did but basically
I log onto there and I have like so many
mentions and I'm like okay like what
something's popping off like what's
going on right now and actually a
majority of the mentions are from Sylvia
and all of them are bringing Soviet mint
either bring Sylvia dementia you guys
don't not mentioning basically it's just
like a frozen yogurt place where you get
to make your own your creation put like
any toppings you want the frozen yogurt
flavor that you want it's lit okay a lot
of girls I know like men shoes but the
thing is I literally finished filming I
think at like 9:00 and then I had to
upload my vlog and do all that stuff by
the time I was done all that it was 9:30
when she closes at 10:00 so it would
have been the biggest mission in the
world to go to get mention so I'm sorry
Sylvia okay I hope this chocolate hot
fudge sundae will do why can I not say
the name I keep wanting to say ice cream
sundaes all that it's still late okay
everyone knows the hot fudge sundae from
McDonald's asleep but it's not much but
it's still like mission successful yummy
anyways dog training time guys this is
my segment of the vlog that I call wolfy
the dog whisperer because these dogs
isn't anything I say alright so are you
ready to be show dog you're not ready
we can't wait ten minutes oh okay I
guess your any and print what's good you
ready you want to wait you feel like you
have to go to the washroom what how
about how about five okay
three you guys hope a deal I'll be back
in three minutes so three minutes is up
I got my puppy treats what the girl said
that puppies like we have I got my art
featuring
nobody's business I got look the cheddar
cheese and I got the hot dogs dog I know
wolf is gonna come come here good boy
okay you went to the treats you went to
the treats on me please to me to me up
okay not not the trees come here come to
me to me yeah Prince you sit birds off
the couch why do you look like you're so
mad at the world Prince you look so
angry just cheer up put them on the
ground Prince ready I'm gonna clap and
you got to come hey Prince you see me
girlfriend come here Briggs Rick yeah
what about these what about these three
three three two one
come on Prince good boy yeah wrong
person come to me come to me Prince you
almost made to me yeah almost
prince do you want do you want these
treats or no well on a Gandhian how come
okay now you're at me Prince come here
yeah good boy
okay let's start these tricks are you
ready to do your trick no were you ready
to copy your brother he does he just
copies all faceball I know I love them
going to Queens Park one at a time buddy
so Whoopi does not like the hotdog that
much anymore I don't know why but
principle of achieving all those
personal he loves like every food is
this a vagina cutter boy wants the
workers we're getting on the cheese
because I know you both might keep we're
going to go to bed because we grow kind
of to go to bed because trying to chill
with their separation anxiety we get
really scared to relieve and anxious
school but that's not for go to bed when
it is Asian stay and like so a lot away
everything anyway commence yeah Henry
teachers say yeah thank you sorry
let's see you call back go to bed yes
yes I know what young you're done mm-hmm
hey Johnny and now we can see how far we
can go okay so it is like next one
already you wanna play games you're
gonna say this time Prince
I don't know you're doing for you can
get that off of it he's like no I know
you're gonna be doing a math conference
oh yeah boy princess so quick is like a
little scare you can go to bed from the
couch movie your geez yeah right can
y'all down not that Evangelista so
that's like university lessons let's see
there's Monica speed increase emojis go
to bed good there will be a Walkman good
that movie for your dad wolf yes oh wow
yes yes Whoopi yes now your friends go
they're privileged like me yes you sit
like you didn't sit down friend yes will
be again yeah Prince I'm feeling so
gypped because you didn't do it Taylor
let's do a separate review buddy need
regulator stay
okay yeah Wow okay now we're gonna do it
from Lima Peru these circus animals
that's the shot dogs print above five
all the lyric prints let's get it don't
embarrass me on the vlog he's got a
couple billion trillion people watching
you smell the hot dogs
I'll print event okay like it's princess
cricket fail I guess you guys I just
realized that I have such a cricket tail
since I'm not going to come to the bed
this time well if you smell it good leg
no no this will be go to bed oh he's on
the edge of it dad sit on your own
yes yes Wolfie kidding is the time
pretty yeah whoopee okay Prince Prince
Chris no no like is that good a bed
grace go to bed since you have no idea
what I'm David what are you saying just
give me a tree day and they're both of
you sick
oh look at your daughter boy ready we'll
see oh I just threw one you get a free
one really I'll go to bed wolfy knows it
well he's a genius how do we does it for
you doesn't it yeah yeah good boy okay
stay what's easy a good one okay let's
slowly back away
Hey she told us to slowly back away and
then we can see how far we get and then
I hear hey okay hey you're supposed to
they slowly be able to back away until
you're like in another room and he still
stays but I don't think we'll ever get
down largely don't you budge make it
pretty
I'm going this way okay sick
State distracting my mother's CIA the
wall
not distracting him princess sang feel
good too big okay
here yeah what difference do you say
that whole time yeah sitting on the bums
good boy yes friend
okay Prince come here let's go to bed
well if your bus not even on there that
barely count yes Prince if you can do
one stay for me and make one sick stay
just one a first day no he's worse than
multi here in Jerry Tom stay again hey
come on
okay good boy
Wow he never use days alright guys so
that is training dog whispering with
Wolfie you guys cannot munch on these
treats but your boy it's getting pretty
nice two dogs
I'd say low-key Prince's little turns
and will be even though he's younger but
wolfy's getting that okay we'll give me
a good boy I will creat good boy anyways
let's go make these deck toys Heather
you know change the pee pads no or
coming get change
okay bad let me just change it except
sure I won't have kids August never
going to their diaper you yo God
on the right corner we have will be rats
at 4925 pounds are you making aah
and on the left corner we have Prince
but we'll be are you ready to try your
three juice cleansing drinks let's get
it all ready let's go Prince are you
ready to drink these drinks reigns oh
you Prince come on Jin vixen since it's
on behind Wolfie is one drink down two
to go
he's almost done the second when Prince
still has yet to drink a drink and he's
on the third one oh my god it looks like
he's gonna win this one it looks like
you're gonna win this one Sprint's
pretty good have a comeback we'll see is
the winner
are we gonna be great on the best every
day oh my gosh cuz they're four thousand
nine hundred ninety five thousand guys
make your juice cleansing drink fun that
way you can drink and just pretend like
it's a competition and not actually
taste your breath smells disgusting
because they smell like weird like weird
healthy things like keep everyone alive
lemon drink responsibly
to trick yourself it's not that bad good
job Prince Rob that bad
he almost won that one really it's not
that bad it's that bad he almost won
that one he's like peering over the
counter sprite and Princess peering over
the counter is over okay guys so for the
DIY of the dangerous toy basically I got
50 who's on takes definitely too much
but I over by guys know me I got my
three McDonald's waters for absolutely
no reason but I'm gonna drink those
foods instead of just the one toy today
yeah boy has got what the heck I
couldn't wanna have three where'd they
go oh geez
I locked the toy anyways even spent a
lot better than the other one
keep it whoa I think that done you can
hear you can see it put two on top of
each other let's see if we wanted to
make an effort
shake shots okay never mind
but look at how cool this is you get
both going and then you slow one down
and make it go like this very trippy so
we got it too
we also have this freaking toy today
this one just like overkill basically
you have this one side which is just
like pretty squishy satisfying to touch
anything one of those like stopper
things pop it twist it pull it yeah you
also have an on and off switch because
some people find these really satisfying
like light switches this isn't bad this
is awesome I really like this one like
just holding it all day and be like on
I'm tempted to do it let me try it
that is hot so that was satisfying we
got this one which is basically just a
button you press down these three little
gadget so you can move up and down three
balls instead of one three buttons
there's one thing that you can just like
rotate around and click in which is kind
of cool there's one little indent here I
don't really know what the indent does
my number one on this though is the
joystick because I'm like I'm a gamer so
just like going like this all day is
like Matt's out of twenty to me I don't
really know what this sides for maybe
David was saying but I don't think it's
for this put it around your finger just
going like not black and we even have
like a slide where you can just like
petty wow there's so many different yeah
this is a crazy one this was a little
extra I also got the classic cube this
one looked look wait over on line it's
kind of mini so this one also has a
joystick on/off rotating thing that you
can just move around a billion times a
little groove like here you can just rub
your fingers in a ball and then you can
roll these things I wish I could ski all
this and then some like diet days well
are you guys really careful he's like
the number one most expensive toy this
one cost me by far more than anywhere
else I thought I was some fake for 30
bucks but because I live again and that
was hard to get it so I'll cost you like
a hundred bucks for this video
this came encased in a frigging
container
none of the other ones did this one is
made out of pure gold 24 can only a
Rarick materials check it out
this one also weighs way more than any
of the other fidget toys I can get it
out comes with a key chain - and look
how badass this one is what is that it
was what a tech deck yeah this one
weighs a lot so when it spins it spins
with power its bends with force this is
not
you just like play around it okay if I
were to throw this holy that's hell yeah
compared to these money huh that's
really that's where the good is pound
maybe but you from there they have it
that's it love you anyways a lot of for
trying this one the only problem with
this one is that when you move it like
this it slows down so fact I think it's
cuz there's so much weight to it but
when you just have it on the table it
goes apparently this thing is supposed
to go for like six minutes that looks so
trippy yeah it goes for six minutes
telling the area and so forth two
minutes I think so let me just put this
one on top of this oh you play much huh
so plan is we have a few different types
of blades we have two of these secondly
I got the right way this time
very very sharp blades third one of
these which is basically two different
brands Sean gave me an extra pair that
he had I'm N this time I got using nice
little sharply these are the ones I
think are going to do bear damage so
we're gonna put like a few of these on
each of the toys huzzah instead of
superglue this time so we're not
screwing around it's actually going to
stick let's get into crafting these bad
boys ultimate death weapons let's get it
so the main idea I'm thinking is I'm
really excited to work with this gold
one okay piece that this is ridiculous
guys heavy weight thick this one is
deadly look at the spinning quality of
this one amazing that's so satisfying
jeez so I want to put these blades and I
have to be very careful so I don't cut
myself these sharp little pointy ones on
this one I want to put minimum like for
an injured silver yeah it's going to be
it's going to be crazy so I'm going to
speed through this process but you guys
will see the end product while I do that
Sylvia's going to work on this one and
she is going to use a selection of these
place this one is kind of like jagged on
the edge and then this is straight sharp
razor blades Oh make your masterpiece
will see this better than no huh now
when you're making these vicious blades
the key is not to get glue on the middle
part because if you did because if you
do like I learned from my last video it
will dry up and
anymore it won't be a Pinkett spinner to
a so how do you can possibly it I don't
have no idea
superglue literally just appears random
places anyway back to crafting this
masterpiece
okay so we finished up making the most
dangerous manner toys in the world nice
a month think so via one I'll let her
introduce her is first on the one side
you see we have the six wide blade and
on the other side we have the spin
pointedly they get maximum cutting I
don't know you can be very very careful
if you can i screen it is the question
this one is very very close but it does
spin this in spinnable i have to stop it
on an object so like Sylvia said she
used both blades to her advantage with
this one not too wide blades on one side
thin blades on the other side this one's
going to be deadly it looks like a dope
ninja star hey coming up like twice
second one we got Toby I made it kind of
similar to the first one that I just
said what the heck we just need a
behemoth so let's just throw on as many
blades as possible let's get it a little
spindle in here this is where the second
one looks like that one just looks like
that this one is I mean it can't miss
because every single side is hitting you
there's a blade this one is just blade
blade blade blade and we have like five
extra blades who knows if I'm feeling
extra crazy I might throw on even more
blades as many blades as you can
possibly fit on one but this is the one
that I am most proud of
it looks wavy it's very very simple but
the hundred dollar plus the blades
shuriken ninja star is this one the gold
one has three on three and it spins
perfectly literally it's like cause
Wolverine coming to attack you it does
but I have some bad news for you guys
unfortunately I forgot the leaf blower
at my mom's host so I cannot even like
blow these as fast as they can possibly
go so what I need you guys to do you
guys saw what the toys are I need you
guys to comment down below some fruits
you want me to mess up or some object
you want me to mess up in tomorrow's
blog I will go out to the store in the
morning buy it whatever you guys comment
down below um because I don't want to
throw these at and I don't have the leaf
blower free or I can't really fruit
right into its friggin elbow hose
cookies like you name it down below and
I will do it and then maybe comment down
below some additions like what
you guys would do or maybe you can like
link me pidgin I don't know how many
people have done this but link we
pictures of like some crazy weapons and
I will try and replicate it with these
fidget toys I'll buy more if I need to
because right now I can't really do much
I don't have a glove I'm kind of shook
to be twinning it and drawing that like
nothing isn't there really but I promise
you guys I will do that in tomorrow's
vlog but this just shows you the lowdown
of each toy and you can clearly see like
they're deadly if these were to have
somebody so it hurt I would want this
girl at me every time I pick this one up
I scratched myself of the blade yeah
very dangerous but calming down below
smash like one I'm going to end the vlog
off there let's hit 30,000 likes on this
look because I know you guys love this
series we can continue it for as long as
you guys want to so just let me know by
hitting a like button and I will
continue it for dad for life for life
Jesus hey what do you want hey Siri I
don't like you goodbye Siri so yeah no
you see reason one else so yeah comment
down below like the video I'll see you
guys soon on more will be we see a
little bit more spiders in my main
channel and as always stay savage mango
for more vlogs gonna be crazy
