good morning ay yo what's good it's your
boy wolfy I hope you guys are having a
good day I suppose if you guys like food
we're starting the day off blessed I
woke up super late guys I'm already
running really behind schedule you guys
know I was up really late last night
trying to catch up on editing I was up
until like 8:00 a.m. and then I told
Sylvia I'm going to go to bed for an
hour waking up at 9:00 a.m. and then I
woke up and it's 1:00 p.m. but I'm so
behind schedule but we're still but
we're still gonna go to the store today
we're still going to go see a few
different stories that I haven't been to
I just want to make sure that I can get
maybe at least one or two pieces of
clothing for Coachella because it's
coming up real soon but man I need some
salad
I need penetrance I just pulled up to
the first location which happens to be
just normal dad by the way not select
but it's just normal but works is right
beside it I could find like a healthy
salad or something we'll see let's see
if we can cut some clothes ok guys so I
found a tank top it's pretty loose
fitting I like it for the summer I
always wear like loose-fitting tank tops
and I'm looking for a lot of plain ones
that I drew all all my tank tops so
first one is this color it's like a
beige ish I think this one's going to be
fine at Coachella that's good
now the shorts are coming on boys and
girls see some reigning champ shorts mad
comfy I'm going to need you to the
summer as well I don't want to talk cuz
I throw out the rest of my shorts too
I want a clean screen took away too many
clothes cooking you're going to get
everything under the pants I'm set up at
here so so far guys I think I've got
these two pairs of shorts a few pairs of
tank tops
ah but everything else at the store is
like not for this season or not what I'm
looking for they have a lot of nice
stuff like cakes and stuff but I'm
pretty sure I came and I got what I
needed to get so now I'm I go to the
next door but I need food in between and
I got to get something that set my
healthy my not healthy but shout-out to
job for actually putting this normal on
because I always went to the one at
Rideau never gave this one love but this
one is actually kind of it so here let's
get it guys I found the wavy is comme
des Garcons friggin shirt look at this
guy's so low-key with the heart and long
sleeve tee I hate this because it's
branch head small so I try it on but
it's probably way too small for me
way too small guys way too small
oh well Sylvia check out this wings and
horns a bathrobe jeez it's a small for
300 bucks
jeez if I got the black and still we got
the white relationship Bulls alert guys
now DJ's on the vlog so if he doesn't
call this resistor you will not see for
under like three bills and it's 130
people CDG so wavy no I'm not nah it's a
yeah yeah what do you buy your rank
we're looking at laptop cases whoa I
knew that healthy try to find the
cheapest thing on the girly side sir oh
my god are you guys I don't want you
take it take a shoe on the wall and I'll
buy art but not working I'm Sophie I'm
thrilled just all white enemies that I
didn't even want no no but Oh guys watch
the vlog yard you know what we got you
okay that's enough for Ryan guys catch
you in a bit quick slip on guys I'm
going to try these on
see how they look they're not bad but
they could be good for Coachella and
they fit perfectly so the question is
would they look good without socks let
me ask my executive producer your
executive producers know what think
about no socks no sock hands like shorts
and the map you'll never view that much
of a Russian you put the real positive
you ever met you know I like you the
producer said no some cheese how did I
just find the greasiest glasses I've
ever seen in my life
hipster but they hit my white face
finally you want their hand panda guy
said the lenses can pop out and they can
be clear too gee your boys lagging out
today I had anyone look at the price yet
so this might be a shock DJ said that
this mall we just entered into I still
don't like really old people they have
carpets on their floor there's carpet in
them all and it remote like God I don't
even know it smells like my grandma's
house
we're just here to find the sunglass
site guys look you only do we came here
I've never been too small I don't plan
on coming back any bill devotion see if
your pearly can look on a good note they
do have a train here this takes the
people around it's locked
I'm cheese forget it you can't even talk
to you loud it is so quiet in here
everyone's just minding their own
business keeping the peace all the
distance to the washroom is 100-meter
sprint opposite the longest hall another
scene like my fury of his mom it hasn't
been updated in 1555 I may have just
heard someone dying in the washroom
stall guys might have died in the
washing stall we're out of here the only
positive that came out of this mall is
they have a booster use in the mall so
I'm trying something else it was a cocoa
crush guy for that I was a mango
hurricane guy but now we are going what
am I trying to Tromp the tails I am
going to chop the tail which like tails
or mangoes bananas apples pineapples
how's it going what's up progress get
started if you say
yeah big-time yeah yeah dang I just
found the most no smell it what the heck
did you yo yo yo yo yo
why is this smell delicious and still
delicious if you know the cookie it does
I'm copying
okay but I'm copy I'm carbon one thing
one carbon is register smell what is the
point of these I'm buying this for no
reason I found the ultimate trol button
I'm buying it just to troll people so
guys I'm just looking for more blades
for my most dangerous spinner toy part
two because I have some new toys coming
in today I think they're going to be on
my mom's so I might make some crucial
today if I can find the right place we
have roofing blades these ones are like
stronger it says and they have weird
hooks like these ones this is exactly
what they look like
then they got just a regular blades but
then they got heavy duty utility blades
these are what I'm talking about geez
I'm gonna get the sharpest one to be
honest
alright but I got their two-day or
Stanley their buds into the wok there
buddy yes here so cool ha ha pot oh here
and last one
no walking it was at the top
get it we have it these days whopping
out of five point six seven feet come on
for you you say sexy 6.0 and single
people want the big one yeah Odo's when
asking how tall I in my videos I stay
six five but I'm not sure oh are you
sick oh no six five six five okay all
this how guys hey what would this is for
people when you steal from the store and
then they want to see how tall you are
you know that yeah let go no we didn't
give you the fact that we could do so
many techniques to take the shoes I'm
5'4 I'm 6 4 and you're 5 years old
you're 511 you're 511 oh yeah yeah I
will have an exposed guys are just
consular here's out the word I'm in the
fitness fitness whole burger so guys I
just got a few packages from my mom
toast I know some of them are fidget or
ease but this big box I have no idea
what it is I know I ordered an extra
katanas I broke it in my last video but
we're gonna see what is in this one
right here what the heck oh these are
the wubble are these a level of the
water bubbles yo shout-out to wubble for
sending me these I'm pretty sure these
are water bubbles amazing ok I have to
do a video on these I was wondering what
was so heavy but there should be there
yeah there's 100 thanks so much for
reviewing the new water level they
splash but don't pop it really like
balloons that you can whip the people
they don't pop though this is going to
be lick provides I'm out shopping for
sunglasses right now for Coachella I
found a few pairs like I like the
circular pair like this I tried on a
bunch of the club masters but Sylvia
doesn't approve I'm facetiming she
doesn't like any of these okay he just
doesn't like them my face too fast for
these but look at what I found I found a
Gucci pair jeez look at the colors and
here's what they look like on you can
barely see the green and red one
on so muchi shape we're dead
I think I'm gonna get these 100 quick
quick quick stop at a store guys why am
I so dark I'm just seeing if they have
any shoes in my size because I need some
quick flip on shoes for Coachella
looking at Tom's right now
you said they might have them in my side
so everyone clash like what and pray
that they have over my size your boy
needs cakes ok guys so we had a long
night
I just spent mad time with the boys
watch a bunch of comedy we caught up but
I'm gonna end the night off not the vlog
off right here and I will catch you guys
in about two seconds when I'm nice and
refreshed let's get it
Janey's day two what is poppin guys good
morning again double good morning you
know what it is when there's two days on
the vlog yet - good morning even if it's
not morning where you are hope you guys
are having a blessed day we are I just
drove to go see if I could pick up a
package apparently it's still with the
driver so I can't really get it right
now been editing all morning but I
decided an executive decision I was
going to go on my juice cleanse for
another two days now it's not going to
be as strict as I was the first time
basically I'm still going to do the
juice cleanse I'm going to drink all the
juices but because of my lifestyle and
how I am and how I know I am I know I've
been I can like start myself till 90 I'm
not a good thing to do not a good trait
to have but some days like I'm just too
busy and I just don't even get around to
eating like if there's not food cooked
for me that's why I resort to eating
fast food a lot of the time so in order
to stop that from happening I'm going to
get these juices and I'm going to spread
them out not over the two days but
basically until I leave to Coachella
so basically maybe I'll have like three
in the morning and then I'll have an
actual meal then I'll have like two
later on but I just want to have juice
around me it's like an instant meal
pretty much like a prepared meal just
when I get hungry I can chug the juice
back and then I'm goofy that is if I
even go to Coachella
because basically my mom sent in my
passport in the mail to renew it and get
like one of those 10-year passports and
it still hasn't come back and the days
are taken down pretty quick I called the
guy today he said we might be able to
help you out but I don't think I'll know
until tomorrow so I'm kind of stressing
I'm kind of like I think I'll go I think
it'll get done in time I'm always
thinking positive guys but let's get
this day started you know I'm here let's
get it I'm gonna wait we're just gonna
say
Rion Rion Rion bro every time I come
here say gonna be ready and not ready
whaa gwan dr. popper Lane be ready
really not done hurt what you saying gee
before we go back to the juice cleanse
please they're probably gonna be mad at
me that I'm getting a smoothie here but
I'm getting my tropical which is a new
wave the kale smoothie
I think I'm convinced this kind of go on
a juice cleanse with me we're going to
get juice together the three amantha job
right bananas cranberry Martinez healthy
month you guys already know charity well
if you have to donate to the seals the
boil of seals so I'm gonna give them a
quick signature
here I'm going to go right beside my
bead Batman Batman
let's get it Wolfie alert this is me
when I get Booster Juice on time this is
me when somebody says traffic hail you
must use this invention of life guys
a banana protector you're seeing
literally protect bananas so what if the
venom is not even in this round shape
then you and I'm getting this out from
Panera Bread let's get it yeah every
fast-food place needs to have what my
total is because I always forget what my
total is sometimes with how hard YouTube
is right now and like how broke your boy
is going you guys do the chill I need to
know what I paid for it cuz girl I'm
running low on money YouTube is marking
me a shout out to the men who work here
the fanny watches a gun whoo my videos
yeah so guys I'm back in urban juice
press I think Ryan is starting the diet
with me he's doing a two day cleanse I'm
doing a two day cleanse well no I just
did a five day cleanse oh now I'm going
to try one of their black lemonade
things with activated charcoal and it's
black we clean us
see it's lit that's really lemony yeah
yeah yeah okay guys we're back on this
juice cleanse I really like this one and
then I got for free drinks because I
brought back my my bottle these are what
I put this one's amazing raw chocolate
boom boom and now I'm building a package
right now so I'm excited to start again
yeah so we're shopping for Ponte or this
guy I was just calling you rope they
have a whole wall of Ponte Ponte wall
guys go chill don't name the vlog pun
tool the guys gonna name is vlog Ponte
well unless you might get some underwear
- I mean a quick little trip I think I'm
a size down from losing all that weight
with the juice cleanse so might be even
a low sighs alert I did not come to
store for Ponte but once I see a Ponte
that I like I got a cop side say I'm
gonna get two of these Reebok pears
shoutout to Reebok if you want to
sponsor me send me hundreds of pairs of
underwear like Justin Bieber did with
Calvin Klein I'm not gonna deny it but I
have two brands that I'm probably gonna
be working with so I might have
unlimited Ponte in the near future
you're not getting any down on you're
not getting if you take your friend's
hand-me-down in fucking boxer briefs
you're some grimy anyways we got these
and I can mock my salad let's cut up
Lulu my Michael Kors Ponte Ryan's and
flexing on me just got more expensive
underwear more expensive luckily we're
going down I got a split more one Ally
save your money expend your money I know
the whores well those are special I know
I'm more rich okay guys so right now I
am currently in Ryan's room Ryan's
downstairs I told him I was coming
upstairs to go paste and I wanted to
edit a bit of my blog little does this
guy know is that your boy has got bear
rubber bands elastic bands whatever you
want to call them so what I'm planning
on doing right now and usually I
wouldn't do this prank right now because
it's not the best opportunity to do the
prank because well you'll see why but
basically Ryan left his phone up here I
don't know why this guy has like 35
friggin iPhone Chargers down here
charger over here but what I'm going to
do is a senior prank where basically you
take an iPhone or somebody so and
doesn't you need to be an iPhone and
cover it in so many elastic bands that
it isn't pretty much impossible for them
to get it out of the friggin asik van so
the reason I said this wasn't the prime
time to do the prank is because there's
better opportunities for example you do
when someone's asleep and then set a
billion alarms on their phone so that in
the middle of the night or even in the
morning when the
supposed to wake up the alarms are going
off and they cannot shut them off see
how annoying that is
I'm sure you guys can imagine how
annoying that would be I will do that if
you guys smash the like button I'll do
it on Silvia because low key so we've
been really busy I don't know if she's
been watching more Wolfie please don't
snitch on me I'm going to do it if you
guys don't sit on me and you hit that
like button I will do it to her you
won't even know what I'm doing and so
I'm going to do it regardless but I'm
doing it on Ryan right now let's get it
Ryan your phones your phone in the
Guinean iPhone 7 plus bro I don't know
this is a six or five because I've had
my 7 plus for so long I get a new phone
let's get it easier phone colorful let's
get the prank Oh first step we don't
need that charger so everybody here
you're not going to get your phone
charged so you're going to take it out
realize your phone is not charged and
well you're not able to take it out we
got these nice colorful elastic bands
let us begin
elastic band number one so this is going
to take a long time guys I will be back
in a bit when I'm when I'm finally done
this because I underestimated how long
this was forget to take okay guys so I
just finished racking the phone this is
what we are working with right now this
used to be an iPhone look at how many
elastics we got so Ryan wants to film a
video for his channel right now
basically he's downstairs and when we
film videos like taste test or what I
think we're doing a taste test right now
he always like writes down his notes in
his phone so I'm just gonna leave his
phone up here and then see if I can get
him to I'm gonna be like yo I'm Ryan and
then I'm gonna be like yo Ryan I'm ready
to film because I think I'm the last one
he's waiting on and then he's going to
come up and look for his phone and then
someone's going to be just absolutely
destroyed and and then that's what I'm
just going to keep calling him and he
will not be able to hang up the call
because I mean you can't there's a
built-in freaking there must be like ten
thousand elastics on this thing right
now
so here we go Ryan I'm sorry but I mean
did you even ask for this how do you
think you just did a juice cleanse with
me today bro you don't even deserve this
everybody deserves it no one's safe
let's get it your
you target right Yuriko me yeah and you
get now we do Grover cool what you my
groom
I leave my folks part I we have the
rubber all over my bullets what is that
reason right here that is I just walking
cuz yo Bobby call Ryan please no Ryan
God all I gotta say to you ty comment
down below average because daughter
listen to this real hang-up
what was it in salad hangover go hang on
oh no no you can hang up on a computer
or cheese I completely forgot yes I've
ever sweat hang up I'll hang up all hang
out guys I was downstairs bro it II need
to take them off what do you mean you're
lucky I didn't get you or you're
sleeping and you get this when your next
row Frank Laura's on relax relax when
you when you do this when they're
sleeping
imagine the alarm going off for days
they we're not fooling for at least
thirty with it okay so I am just going
to unshod these wonders how you get out
of filling with your friends gay life
Africa so guys can you guys so this is
my celery cucumber kale and then
something else drink ah this is probably
one of the only drinks in the juice
cleanse that I actually like okay it's
bearable put it that way I don't
actually like it but since this guy's
now on the juice cleanse we're getting
it started tomorrow let's see if you can
buddy it let's see if you can handle it
do you like it yes that one's like not
bad you can't do that one year old 2013
mmm
take your shaver don't take it this
one's nice
I like bad girl okay I'm a juice guy
like it was this movie I couldn't do
that
this one is nice I was like I don't like
to talk about yeah that one's easy
yeah I know what the recipe palomino
yeah we're happy you're all right
right okay okay guys so now we can
actually film Ryan's video if you send
this stuff up in this ghetto station
that he always uses over here let's do a
report this is Rian corner this is our
IP this is where Shawn used to edit and
now he had it in his room away from
everyone cuz he doesn't like anyone so
you just went on the word a killer who
is does Jack know get a job station he
still edit and then why is there so many
Bulls here this is for your video is a
taste test alert cereal taste test does
not suggest that it's going to be honest
way to channel in like a few days
probably I don't know my cereal I've
never really eaten too much cereal I
used to eat Cheerios and shreddies I was
like my maximum zero that I ate
occasionally I would have Froot Loops
shredded wheat but my mom never bought
any of these sugary cereals so the boy
is probably going to go over 500 for for
how many poverty around there is ah
but I still don't like cuz no no I'm
just a w1 wolfy W 4 will be W for win W
for walk
challenges their iron films thanks blows
don't know so you take a thermal guys
guys it finally came in it finally came
in the Micro month is here now I don't
have to worry too much about the sound
when I'm walking outdoors which is a lot
of the time my vlogs because I got that
my chroma oh look at that lighting doe
but it's all of this I plan that so that
I can shoot another video right after I
finish this blog off but guys seriously
this is going to be a life-changer I'm
about to put this on and then storm
another video kind of stock up on the
content but I have content ready to go
and by the way it's going to be fire
content when I go to Coachella so I'm
not know I'm gonna end up logoff here I
hope you guys enjoyed if you did you
already know what to do go down and
smash that like but I'm pretty sure you
a lot of you guys have probably already
hit it but if you forgot I'm here to
remind you it's all good that's not here
for I just help people out go hit that
like button please it makes me breathe
okay I love you guys comment down below
if you made it to the very end of the
vlog Wolfie what do you want them to
comment when they're coming talk ah why
talks what do you mean just so you're
smelling my socks because you were
smelling myself you want on the comment
it really you're going to be selfish
like that okay Wolfie set it so it is
what it is socks it is
you guys comment down what Whoopi's haha
k wolfy socks not just thoughts okay do
you have anything else you want to add
well is wolfy socks or not you want them
to comment cool wolfy song that makes no
sense but ok
you said it cool movie talks about the
final answer ok don't who won't be soft
and I will comment back to a bunch of
you guys they're coming out because I
show love to the loyal wolf and that
made it to the end of the vlogs
why does my face keep getting so dark
and they commented what my dope okay
he's going to pay well my dog said my
now said oh it's dog I know what a dog
is jeez again I hope you guys enjoyed
the video and I will see you guys soon
on mobile T where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage I know
