good morning a listen to what will be
welcome back to marbled beef we're up
bright and early
I told you I don't know if I told you
but tell me the rest of my video with
Dustin these videos that we film are not
one-day processes anymore they've
complicated themselves to multiple days
two three sometimes even four day
processes but that's what we do to
ensure we get the hottest bangers on
your net so today I'm taking Wolfie with
me I'm leaving Lilia and Prince at the
house so first stop is to go get Dustin
actually you know what I could say good
morning have a great morning but I think
this song pretty much explains it better
hi guys what's poppin it's your boy
we'll be back with another vlog it's
late let's get it we are back at my
favorite store guys Home Depot looking
for a rope because my mom's house ran
out of rope but we are in the rope
section we're gonna get the thickest
rope to use for swinging Payne's big
objects big balls as long as it can
support hundreds of pounds and we should
be good to someone we had if it looks
like now let's get the best anyways
we'll get the best rope I found a rope
that is it can hold I think three
hundred and forty pounds
oh there's actually one that can hold
more weight 465 okay scratch that we're
going to get this way one you want the
most d throw okay how much came this one
oh I was just a sick is super 990 pounds
900 okay that's overkill anyways we're
going to call this one we should be good
business enough maybe two okay this
should be enough let's roll scanning
challenge I ended up getting two rows
but here watch how smooth this is David
come at me bro
I'll do two in a row just for you buddy
no no no no here all right all right
the first was my second I'm not sure
what to do with my hand telling you guys
it was a promo every single footlong sub
you get in this place in Home Depot is
$7.00 cause like I'm gonna get a
meatball then I was like seven canadian
dollars which is very cheap i was going
to get a meatball then I was like why
get that when I get a steak and cheese
or chicken bacon ranch so I'm grabbing
one of the most expensive ones because
why not treat your boys get your voice
ugh they're going to help you film at
least you can do is buy your friends
food what do you mean I'm ready to film
look at this all footlong seven dollars
each you didn't believe me here that's
ridiculous
get a license plate that is your mood a
A+ boss GZ alert I mean those is my blog
camera really easy here okay I got to
sign something here here here here we go
guys what do we got inside the box
what's in the box what's in the box
what's in the box here we go here we go
turn turn a turn a movie booth is a
$2.00 child do not stop here we go so
the uses are in boy yo yo yo different
colors the moon rocks
alright perfectly holy crap you
literally get amazing cuz I come I got
dirt anyway I'm doing a video so I just
think these why don't you know dear
Michael I forgot
oh no way the weigh-in on TV Oh - the
guy who forced me to buy these at a
footlocker show us you for making me buy
these but these didn't even faze me
because I'm still buying three other
pairs of shoes by the way
I don't need to buy shoes from your
place because as you can see those are
easy those are like five times the price
of these bunk shoes that you made me buy
I'll say okay chill chill chill chill
anyways these are like weight around
here not so much I care about your way
to mg bro what's happening only 1950s
babies will undersell she's eating broke
on top of the peanut butter and a rice
cake full we toss mom you're so old in
weight Jesus
I love the spillage Oh mom you're
welcome you don't know why I'm saying
you're welcome I literally just pack my
car from head to toe in garbage her
house looks like a dump so I had to
clean it up so I'm gonna go throw it out
at my crib Oz in order to go into this
Bank we have to go through the Wild West
holy crap I just wanted to go to TV
brand lost a debit card so your boy has
to wait here until he gets a new one
yeah here in a delta life are you losing
your Democrat bro I never lost my
Democrat once stay responsible kids if
these continental almond bars don't
choke on both keifa's guys there is some
serious accident right ahead if you can
see it what is going on what is going on
over there
can the vlog camera reach it holy I'm
gonna get you guys a nice POV shot
hopefully everyone's alright but this
looks like some next accident pulling up
holy the front of that car is old front
of that guy's old Oh God or on route to
the camera sir basically I kept doing
loops to find parking it's really hard
downtown but I gotta fix this camera
because
can't just be wasting it so for downtown
can find parking
so now literally we are in a rush
because if I get a ticket that'll be
like my 20th car ticket of like a month
so your boy is not trying to get another
ticket so we're literally walking i wish
DJ was here to motivate us that he
walked so fast but we're rushing because
we don't take busses anymore not Ryan
takes bus no no we drive every right now
no more public transit just Drake Avenue
lyric about that no more public transit
I can't handle it we out here Canadian
camera please fix my broken g7x mark two
lesbian
oh wow well I have a camera angle I use
it every single day oh my god I'm a
daily vlogger
same problem with his the screws on the
back are loose like this time came out I
lost it do whatever you need to do I can
give you money whatever you need
hang on I love it as a technician point
ok amazing
Canadian camera guys in Ottawa Ontario
is the spot to go the guy fix my camera
in like 30 seconds you decide so come
here if you ever need your camera fix
anything like that
Canadian camera holy Santa guys it's so
nice there - yo this bus gone anyways
the guy said use it with love and care
look at this the screen work here white
chocolate mocha color shout-out to dude
Bryan sweets for hooking it up I bought
him a sub so he returned the favor and
he got me some venti Starbucks boy he's
copying you guys know I'm addicted to
caffeine
so again Kathy check it out in three two
one here
of course you know what cinnamons kernel
is okay the whip cream is definitely not
diet wolfy but it is what these guys pop
this on and we're good school guys no
ticket but look at this I was driving
the other day and I was on the highway
and there's a car in front of me and
let's just say look at this I don't know
if you guys can see this but check it
out screen crack your boys windshield
got cracked the other day so obviously
the first thing I did when I got it
crack because I called my dad because I
have no clue how to handle our situation
he said there's two solutions I can go
and either they can inject glass into it
which I didn't know is the thing but
they can try and inject mass into it and
if they inject glass into it and it like
fixes the crack because it's such a
small crack then it will cost a couple
hundred dollars which is still bad
because it's a couple hundred dollars
but I'm not trying to spend or he said
if they can't do that then I have to
replace the whole windshield which is
probably gonna cost upwards of a
thousand dollars for absolutely no
reason I feel like that should be just
insurance under the car but so I'm just
going to go check out the store and see
maybe if they're open and see how long
it's going to take because you said I
just have to drive in and they'll do it
like pretty quick so we'll see if he's
lying cuz my dad tends to exaggerate so
that here on blast if you're lying
little update on the window situation
basically the place closes in half an
hour my dad said it wouldn't take too
long maybe they have appointments right
now so I'm at least going to go check up
on them it's like literally like a six
minute drive from where I am right now
so they can't do it they can't do it at
least I can make an appointment or
something but if you're watching this
and you work at CDs Max Payne Beauty
grass to the face sir please please
don't hate me so like no one works here
walk one Ryan's already on the free
Wi-Fi though no you look Steve woke up
so the appointment has now booked for
later on in the week the guy said the
scar there like the hole doesn't
completely go away but it goes away
enough basically just to make the window
strong he said that there's a 3% chance
that when they're fixing it the whole
windshield could absolutely just shatter
and break in which case across $2,000 so
I'm just not going to think about that
everyone smash the like button let's
pray for my friggin windshield I don't
want it to break this was so unnecessary
guys so the name of the game right now
guys is called find shoes that look like
Yeezy says quote unquote my mom said why
buy you jeez I bet I can find a pair of
shoes that look like your moon rocks too
right
now we're in Walmart I'm gonna look all
over the globe in the kids section it
sounds like one my shoes I'm going to
look in the women's section I'm gonna
look in the men's athletic section I'm
going to look and I'm going to see if I
can find moon rock ripoff so if I can
find them I'll buy them I told her that
so if I can't find them I'm not buying
them you you spot the easy because if
these are the shoes she was talking
about I'm cheese
Ryan's actually we're gonna eggy and one
he's going to walk on water was one with
your water shoes jeez guys I think we
found the jackpot all of these shoes can
we find users in this bi Oh Brian I got
Soundwave one you see we run to run
cheeses and Javan cheese it's got to
look hot wavy these shoes are loki name
someone in our world I would wear these
on three three two one Chad Chad I know
your shoes bro another she's too well I
don't know if I mom was talking about
those new Yeezy sandals but we are in
the flip-flop section with the hunting
boots still have no sign of using the
closest thing I could find was the black
grandpa shoes you know he's holding the
Jamaican Gretel be a trick
I know yeah so does I actually think you
know more the shoes that are wider than
they are long imma stay aboard on Chara
Sylvia she wore these back in seventh
grade she did I sure used to do photos
katashi as hipster wasn't that expect
this
oh that's cutaway a nice quarter to Ally
okay guys so unfortunately on this
episode of hunting freezies
we didn't find Izzie are these beets
cheese steak Clark though what will this
be two new beats shoe um geez okay sure
okay so we can't leave your armor
empty-handed what alert this is circular
leaving Greece just listed so guys the
way it works is I didn't find easy
sorry mom but they don't sell them here
what Ryan found a pair of kicks that he
likes you can find them in there sighs
I'll get them
find them no easier I got in what size
you found them oh I remember when you
hear popping man the velcro gee well
well unfortunately Ryan's shoes don't
come in a trice for ballers and one
kicks with your change
these ones are more wavy to be honest
these are like Jordans do you know what
Jordans look like in my eyes I'm looking
Jordans I see that not to hate but I
just don't read them anyways I guess
we're leaving empty-handed
that's what I just said psyche guys I
picked up the pirate flag please okay
then I can get the pirate box but I'm
going to put into my easy box bring it
to the boys house and see if they
believe that the website I bought the
shoes from like scam me they're not
going to believe me but it's with the
giant we just got to do some quick
little surgery here guys open the box I
should be careful with these but I'll
just put them on my lap for now like
this get the Walmart bag put the shoes
in like so and we're good let's go boys
huh okay guys so I just got to the boys
house the new Yeezys are in affinity me
and plays are here at all time boxes bad
boys three two one get a chill through
all these are you ready yeah hello and
go hello and all the trolley rookies
drawing with a Hydra is it yeah thank
you
beautiful you're what the heck are these
room bro the boxes move those are all my
cakes yeah bro no no no he go
these are $90 yeah what were not the a
look ahead congratulations no these are
kind of weak
okay you got break our wall mark 1999
yeah they're 100 we're using the jab
from the Arab you don't even know it
maybe my hump kicks thank you I'm cheese
it was not my housekeeper you can have
them I'm gonna take a piss good kickflip
bottle rocket all right guys the
trickiest thing in the world just
happened I log on Twitter and I'll shout
out this girl Jenny underscore boo one
two three you guys don't know basically
my brother and my dad used to do
modeling like way back in the day okay
like they've done like they had like I
don't know what they're called start
photos they have like stock photos taken
of them and some girl just linked me a
picture of my dad on a shaving cream box
no in it it's my bad no it's not look at
this photo what one one rope rope rope
rope well where is that dog $6.99 oh
you're brilliant quoting my dad in this
tweet right now this is mad no this is
mad bro look at this skirt I said look
who I found at your dad buy his
brand-new products for $6.99 oh that
yeah she is roasting but Dad you made it
what hey hey
if this isn't my dad's and I know you
know my dad but this is my frigging dad
get his ears bro I want a picture of
knocking my stop through my high school
back in the day your TV likes waiting on
an exam Oh North you see that I did you
show me that and I've seen like my dad
in a doctor's office one time yeah
awesome a tiny one right so we have
these users guys pick I'm quoting I'm
calling my dad right now George am this
your whose man is it are you done being
a surgeon what the fuck is again saying
not move okay yo go go to your Twitter
right now go to your Twitter right now
you're on the phone no just go to your
Twitter and look at look what I just
tagged you in look at what I just say
fathers open it is closed a sign post a
sign
no no no tell us
tell whoever you've come okay look at
this look at this look at this look at
this ball eyes open
what are you saying on this $6.99 ad yep
that's you right
yeah model days that's you though I know
I'm starting start photography that's so
funny
some girl if some girl to tag me in that
okay yeah go go save a life and I
everywhere now no one buys that product
too much is precious
okay I go operate and cut cut people
open then go hit them and yeah okay bye
guys operating you just answered a
FaceTime call gold alright guys I'm a
nice friend so when you have so many
Easy's you let your friends unbox them
because you have so many easy whoa
okay so I'll let you can open one flap
can hit his shadow put the other planet
I thought I'd open it up all right easy
alert guys are the who taught you these
are the new moon rock alert
rocky all right let's get it there's the
flaps this is a flap you can really just
pull this box up this guy's saying
you've never had you hung in the oil he
looks gay that's your flat Chad your
flat oh here fuckin I see this build up
thing yeah yeah no problem
okay HL choko choko alright hit him up
second one whoa
what what what the heck fire black yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo you know not the part of
life not the pirate life easy prank
those are Walmart kicks yay
those are bongos I need a box i legit
need the box put some rockin lips
actually you saying that because we're
in G right you played yourself guys last
minute dinner nice steak dinner at the
cake very underdressed right now
definitely how many people here but is
it is when you're successful drink
where's all the girliest drink on the
menu hey Liz here here here here
I think I got the most expensive thing
on the menu just to show everyone it
just a little bit I can eat this thing
out of all the I can get I think I
ordered your chicken pick a grill okay
but okay um you know the only technology
especially taking finger I ordered you
macaroni eight ok wrong so Fergie that's
actually there's no so then there's the
truth diet wilfy is back at it again
it's a fresh salad with the nice green
brian fillets got steak you got steak as
aside and then steak as an actual thing
yeah and then steak as actual meal we've
got here here here woohoo ribs and sows
some fully loaded potato Sylvia got what
I'm about eight out Street did you get
the e on steak yeah I'm eating the rest
of so me a steak that's right so they
get big one yeah
why all the food is here that's a good
time guys
Romans like need I don't have enough of
them comment down below if you have
enough guys look it outside right now
literally and it's so funny you can feel
like not going to exaggerate probably
like a hundred feet you cannot see
anything only lights of cars if someone
were to run across the street right now
they would be in for a treat because
they might get hit by a car to be honest
so basically the dinner was good we just
had a nice relaxing relaxed whole
peaceful dinner it was blessed Monday
night going out for a little steak
dinner yard show it is and now it's only
9:30 but I think we're going to call the
night early and all go home and game all
the boys have been playing like I think
we're gonna play GTA because Dustin got
a ps4 so we're going to introduce them
to that GTA life even though we are
super late on it and then we're going to
pick up or I'm gonna pick up with Silvia
holiday all the duty remastered I think
the remastered version is like card for
and I'm going to the same time is a
little comment below somebody should get
a ps4 just look we're getting two
flaming us in the next year I'm so
lonely when they play I literally just
listen on the headset and I can't blame
gamma gaming channel I'm telling I'm
struggling Wolfie games shout out if you
want I'm a gamer and realize it'll play
me anyways guys getting called you
remastered I think it's like a hundred
and ten bucks and it's like a special
edition hopefully walmart sells it this
is also not a really popular game like
do this it already had its time so we
play games months if not years later so
picking that up right now like we're
going also oh you play again
everything's live you can play
everything guys could be late we could
play everyone played on look at this fog
you guys holy so I have to show them
because it was really bad for a second
alright good bike we got the game legacy
edition how do you know what it is now
we can play with the voice okay guys so
I've been playing GTA all May and I've
been trolling all night and now I'm
trolling hopes no no
oh this guy literally took his turn he
was chasing me for so long down the road
and now he's like running for no reason
convicted car buddy you don't want your
car home he's acting you don't want your
car dog what one dog kick your car bomb
what do you think is everything is
perfect dead he doesn't want to hurt him
or is he killed him okay I'll keep this
keep this first of all I got like the
most expensive cars in the game I'm a
CEO now I did nothing and you're running
pool cool to the head out I didn't do
anything and you're running you're
running after the boy oh my god what you
saying the one here why are you running
away to me what I did nothing thank you
anyways guys on that note your boy is
gonna end the vlog off right here with
Prince and Bay because all the boys just
got off GTA for the night we've been
playing for time literally meet Dustin
DJ vongole Brian as Shore all player is
crazy I did get a chance to buy to play
the new remastered game that I brought
because everyone wanted to go on GTA
tonight but I'm sure like maybe tomorrow
or the next day we'll play and I'm
really considering this gaming channel
because what the heck are you doing all
man's are gonna be playing the game so I
would be missing out if I didn't if I
didn't game and have a gaming channel so
get excited that's probably gonna come
soon
if you enjoyed this vlog go down and
smash that like button let's hit 27,000
likes for the easy prank and comment
down below what games you would want to
see me play if I were to make a gaming
channel and I cannot go out and get them
because I want to do what the wolf end
wants to see anyways again I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see you
guys soon on more wolf fury stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel hey as always 37 Lego whoa
