good morning wolf and what's poppin all
I gotta say our meddling I could make
chatter my rib like I do not know what
feminine is I literally are memorizing
all the words to every single final more
life more life yeah you know this more
life more wisdom more life more wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy I'm waiting
for Ryan to come outside because we
start the day with way too attached to
go and do that how we're getting Booster
Juice we can't start the day without
Booster Juice now we're addicted go
booster yeah hell yeah
one for me one persuades one for Sylvia
comment down below if you know what I
get from those judges guys if you're a
real wolf am you would know but I used
to get one thing and then I get another
thing now so if you can comment both
whoever does that first and I see it in
the comments I will give them love with
a follow so all you got to do comment
and then come in your Instagram and your
Twitter and I'll show you love you
should know it starts with a c and then
the first one I got starts with an M
quick trip to Best Buy Ryan broke his
memory card for his camera even though
he got it fixed so he's going to pick up
a new 64 gigabyte the one that I have
yet its bless I look at 1:48 how many
megabytes 80 not bought but like that's
like 50 vlog anyways so he's getting
that and then I'm not sure we're doing
today literally I live every single day
by the second last second everything so
we're just picking this up do they have
a g7x marks you in this bitch no they
don't we found someone and fit yourself
how's it going what's up Rosie you know
this is only because you know it's uh
Daniel Daniel shut up to Daniel at Best
Buy Ottawa is actually here likes
coconut cameras because like the Buddha
camera this home run the agent gave you
yeah yeah like a u 7x remarks to me
bangers let's go g7x martini camera you
need well I don't think Sela here though
I was thinking about picking up the u.s.
ATP jdd scope I'm like hey TD is a
really good camera yeah good start a
camera at the city man you say we got
here yeah awesome bro guys you just saw
that shoutout to Daniel this guy said
he's starting a YouTube channel so good
luck with him he said he's doing like
this crazy DIY video a giant one so you
know he watches the bangers so good luck
with him and his endeavors of the
YouTube anyways gotta buy this now it's
list okay guys literally scratch
everything I said I live here the guy
just saw the guy drive away and not buy
a camera so I don't think you started be
a youtuber I think he just out rolled
patrol god so honestly shout-out to
Daniel for that alright guys so I just
arrived at another location Volvo just
finished filming his giant DIY tacos
gonna be a banger I tried it it was
actually I'll let you know what I what I
think of it on his channel
you know his channel youtube.com/ size
longer v-shape we got the boys here
Dustin is trying to finish this video
he's doing a video where he showed
no the world so you guys are going to do
that on his channel but basically he's
got a finished shooting that video so he
has to go shout out like I think like
60,000 more people so to let me know how
that goes
anyways still don't know we're doing
today but we're hey we're figuring it
out as we go on cello so my gaming
Wiseman gaming alright shadow y'see
gaming here destiny intrude Estonian
only nineties dust onehans will get this
joke
I'm a bongos brother's house and they
have a fucking bird oh my god
your joke this bird doesn't kill where
is it where is it hold up Freddie okay
I'm not gonna be afraid let me tell you
okay you don't show what's his name do
me this is a guy yeah is there bird girl
yeah girl burger burger burger house
where's this dick Dewey
come here come in hmm oh my god Logan
Paul shout out to you I don't know how
the hell you do this is maverick because
I am shook of these birds
yo yo this man walks upside-down okay
we're over here
come here come here oh my god
okay can I grab him oh yeah how does
this remind you don't hate it is the
light I don't you bring him to
right-click on every Ram Narayan bring
her eyes aren't sugar anything so just
rammed right rewritten rehydrate after a
rigorous you'll get Oh any what do we do
e come on dude come to power out Jesus
come to Papa do it do it do it oh my god
this guy's waiting me oh my god right
ego to you he's on my okay it's on your
head right Lisa oh we got your let's go
anyways good okay chill do we go easy on
me fly do it fly 300 kV I got a big
already called her come on during the
show Kittery
how true you're so vicious I'll not no
guys
oh my god last time this is perfect
right please Roger say hi do we then I
said do we turn around right sweet he
doesn't know if you heard okay we're
done here
welcome back to our first episode of
bird trick shots there you go
oh my god do you reach gala Dewey I
don't know this birds fuck this hurts
America swords fuck okay you have to
throw right here actually really vertook
where these on me pretty something bad
you know I am oh yeah you have to throw
him right here you just like nothing huh
why you know you can hear him you hurt
anything no dream come down what do you
mean you're not gonna where are you
going doing
I told you bro we're trying to do one
trick shot with you that's it bird trick
shotting all right bird trick shot from
there okay guys so I am going to attempt
an impossible challenge right now
because you know what it's Sunday and
this what we do on Sundays like Kevin
Garnett says anything is possible and it
is possible
provide the challenging basically I have
a plain white piece of paper and it is
impossible where at least it's said to
be impossible to fold a piece of paper
more than seven times
you guys know my buddy David parity he
trying to weigh back like half a year to
a year ago she I think he might have
just fold into eight times like it was
kind of like a questionable fold you can
go check out his video but basically I'm
a savage I got a hammer today and we're
going to make this happen if this glass
they will break in the process I didn't
know it is I'll buy a new one for the
Wolfpack one piece of paper guys I want
to show you that this is a real piece of
paper okay feel real oh that one's
pretty good like a little bit so ah this
papers done but yeah regular paper rips
nothing special then crumpling whatever
next piece of paper seven fold so when
you're doing that you want to be
strategic with your folds because if
you're not strategic you're not gonna be
able to fold it seven times or eight
times sorry about folding it nine times
so first one we want to measure these
out just like you're folding a paper
airplane and when you go down here give
it a quick satisfying satisfying one
full seven more to go
second fold coming in press it down two
folds and just to make sure it's dirty
something is on this hammer from - I
think it's cotton candy - fourth down
three folds going on 30
let's go please hold okay it's already
starting to get a little hard three well
we got three for examle shit four folds
in let's get it we got four five five
folds and the papers already send them
shaped in some new ways just that's five
folds down the corners like some cake
sitting is going to break the table
might break six folds like so and by the
way guys I'm pretty sure I saw on like
one of those hydraulic press channels
they did like they must have done eight
and like the Machine almost broke and I
don't have as much power as a machine so
this is what six
make sure it's not dirty we got seven
let's hope for seven guys smack sound
like when I'm hitting seven right now I
don't care what it takes
this is one paper becomes really hard
okay this is really tough guys we're
going to have to go with my teeth
because if you don't know teeth are very
powerful guys way more powerful than you
guys believe film breach we choose not
to we choose not to bite ourselves or
jaws open here we go ah that's seven god
damn we did seven so now if we do one
more then we are the official Guinness
world record breakers of light yeah this
is already the end he said you can't do
seven you can't defend it
yeah yeah you can't describe it what did
I help play the hottest perfect we beat
the world record let's go so we did
seven but obviously on this channel we
don't we don't stop we don't stop you
just beat the record okay we want to rub
it in the opponent's face okay that
we've either everyone now knows all
about positivity guys we always like to
plate we stay humble stay savage and if
you beat someone tells you that you
can't do something make sure you just
rub their face in the garages look at a
mirror mom let them know that you not
only be able you can beat it so here we
go we're going on it and I don't think
it's possible I don't think it is
possible but we got a power of Jacob
Sartorius no no that's an alt here we go
three two one boom eight let go guys I
saw a chance at seven and I saw an
opportunity for eight and I was just
like you see this little bend right here
I was just like here eight now the whole
paper may not be folded but there is a
little section size folded so
technically it's eight times we're all
graduates let's go honest you guys
trying to tell me if any of you guys can
do eight I will give you my youtube
channel okay
literally eight
a is impossible and let you do it the
snake way I did it I always find them
poles because technically that is a fold
okay that's a fold I don't care what
anyone says
so smash that like button but we will
try for eight regularly
maybe if I wedding never set in rule try
paper Charles only no no no it doesn't
say any look so here we go guys this
actually does make it a little more
moldable you know what okay maybe Keith
method Ian you got to get a nice crease
- Brandon okay hmm nothing that is eight
I don't care what anyone says
I fully got eight the Hat is wet it lets
go eight full let's go eight fold
turning on it is prime the loopholes rub
people see you soon those are the right
lessons you teach others channel guys I
love you thank you so much for rooting
for me let's get it guys look at this
this is my team winning team goals edit
alert walk over here edit alert walk
over here oh shit you're on the toilet
I'm just joking Sylvia room alert you're
not yes I you thought crying please
are you doing this guy's sleeping home
edit row' edit edit edit alert okay I
got another editor and me I'm about to
sit down on this couch and I pulled my
blog for the day because if everyone's
working you know I might as well work a
bit so I will catch you guys back in two
seconds when we're about to leave it's
about animals I was going to do that we
are in the grocery store now I am
shopping for fruits because you guys
know my main channel videos I smash a
lot of fruits so right now I'm obviously
at the watermelon section this is a
classic go to step for any video you got
to crash at least one but I over buying
every video so I'm copying
macaque to learn something else it's
hard that Dustin suggested is of course
coconut so I'm going to call some
coconut maybe a banana to that I love it
maybe some chocolate if they're on sale
but they're not on sale so no maybe some
flowers we'll figure it out
listen to my car guys it literally
sounds like the fucking the best NASCAR
go car you'll ever see in your life
Oh coming up on Ryan
coming up on Ryan oh shit he's making a
break for it guys first worse were
serving customers serving customers
grips I'll say he's even this new chip
lays bag I thought I had to do this two
times in one day guys me and Ryan both
got curved on handshakes guys if you're
a fan you're wolf fam just waves nation
please just when your hand shaking us
say goodbye with a handshake I know you
guys may be nervous sometimes but now we
look like idiots when you curve us so
two times I'll update you if it happens
again Ryan left this card so I'm going
to get in like a little tip and see if
he pushes me I'm Way too big sis here oh
my god Ryan go hurry up let's go today
looks good oh yeah you come here the
wrong coffee is very good good they're
watching you but come on it's not what's
on production
yeah that's my younger brother all right
here you're over
well nice to meet you duck okay yeah
I'll get out early just went I waved
bye to the guy was like kevro like we're
in a hurry I gotta go I went like this
and sing I went out for a high five day
I didn't go up for a high five we need
to get out of here we need to get out of
here today it's filled with too much
cringe too much cringe we got to breathe
breathe out all the cringe okay we're
good we're good we're good we're good
so we have a slight change of plans okay
basically me and Dustin we're going to
shoot a banger like the rest of my main
channel video tonight then I decided you
know I want to get some dope slo-mo
shots and in order to do that I need to
have nice lighting outside and I don't
really have like lights that I can bring
outside and I'll really have cordless
lights so I think we're gonna hold it
off until tomorrow night and I'm just
gonna spend tonight with your girl
Sylvia Gani she got one with the two
dogs so I am about to pull up I think
she thinks that I'm at my parents house
right now and I just really oh let's
play some GTA so I absolutely played
myself as I thought that I had like a
big circular mold so I could make that
giant friggin bouncy ball with the rest
of the power that I had from the thrift
sounds well by the way look at the first
one
these things are rock solid now they
used to bounce now they just not I just
dropped so these are these are done but
they did work these molds were like
alright so basically like the mold has
to have a bunch of little holes in it
like this one does if you can see it so
I got a bunch of powder and I told you
guys I would do it and you hit a stupid
amount of like on that vlog so I owe you
guys a big bouncy ball but for tonight I
might even just try and make like a
medium sized bouncy ball I don't have a
mold so we're going to see what happens
if I guess I'm just going to take like
maybe a glass here something like this
maybe I have in the jurors it should not
really looks like we're going to have a
bouncy ball in the shape of like a
flying saucer that's that's what's going
to happen now so basically I'm going to
put the rest of the powder in this glass
fill it up with water let it sit for
like ten minutes
in hot water better turn the water on
right now come back to it and see what
the heck happens because I don't have
the mold today that's just going to have
to be something I do another day but for
today can't let the wolf ham down that I
sold I would do so I would do something
okay guys this is what the cup looks
like looking how wavy this looks each
and every single different layer I mean
it's a shame I have to bring out a knife
and just go to town right now and
absolutely destroy all the layers and
blend them together but this is going to
be some rainbow bouncy cylinder maybe a
rectangle now there's like the shape of
a cylinder because I can't make it in
the shape of a ball I don't know how to
do that at all hold on me and the stores
are closed because it's late on a Sunday
night so this is what we're doing okay
just want to make sure looks like you
got a hot water flowing nice basically
we're going to fill it up to a vote here
oh my god this is already bubbling
smooth whoa
I honestly don't think there's enough
water we're going to have to go into a
bowl so now I got to wash two things
going to put it in a measuring cup would
that be better what to do guys I'm
panicking so here we go like this I
think it's already starting to solidify
into the bouncy ball material which is
not good work with me work with me here
come on oh yes a little more okay okay I
messed up sylvain screwing it up guys
anyways hot water and we're just going
to let it sit I told you today we are
making a bouncy cylinder instead of a
bouncy ball
so I screwed up so bad that's like so
we're just going to make sure to get it
all drenched in the hot water let's put
it oh I will uh see you guys debit it
alright guys basically through the dog
right this is what we come down to in
ten minutes I took it over the thing
this is a bouncy ball what the heck is
that basically was leaking really bad
the whole bottom is not like frozen yet
or bouncing material yet so we're just
going to work with what we got
right but basically oh my god this is
some next-level slime guys
what we just created I think it created
a monster but here's what the basketball
is I'm going to drop it and see if it
once's okay then it does guys it really
does does not it doesn't really bounce I
really don't know how to explain what
this is it's just like this we're going
to turn to rock to marvel but for the
meantime keep it look at that hair time
here yes so it does bounce little by
little you why are you throwing it like
this is no no check it out oh Jesus Oh
nearly 360 flip okay garbage I'm washing
my hands I made great for Sylvia say
father wish you guys well don't
he made grapes you guys and by that him
that you just wash them yeah well if you
don't know how to wash the eggs put
lemon juice baking soda and one of these
pizzas here we go yeah and voila
great catching God - whoa another shitty
throw - I was a terrible throw I know
just a little fan what good job guys
watching Wolfie play right now
princes hiding behind my commission he's
on the cameras on I don't know what I'm
doing an email ho hey stop being camera
shy and break go open your mouth while
he's back
ah okay we're not here okay there you go
good boy you know it's kids
he gives kisses on command good boy
Cavalli no hug feels like I know this
bread open so far good boy he knows that
the hug and give kisses anyways me and
salute is watching comedy for the night
we're trying to watch any humor you know
I haven't really watched much Amy
Schumer but I've seen every other
stand-up comedian like obviously have
seen all of Kevin Hart stuff
just watch Dave Chappelle's oozing which
was funny to tell you guys should watch
it seen Ben cook all that obscene
Hannibal Buress I've watched a bunch of
comedians so I think I'm running out of
material to watch so this is like my
last dessert but she's actually mad 20
so I'm here baby she were that but I
think I'm gonna end the vlog off here
I'm gonna cut off like two dogs spin
dragons right here I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up let's hit 27
thousand likes on this video if we hit
that then I'll do something crazy with
print come on down below comment down
below
gymnastics prints because looking up
less cool disguise gymnastic print and I
will call them back to a buncha guys
that do that check it out check out his
legs you can fold it in it
I guess pop yourself in the face now see
you guys do normal view where we stay a
little bit more savage of my main
channel and as always thanks guys they
go
