good morning ay yo what's good at you
we're wolfy welcome back to another vlog
guys I hope you guys are having a good
day I would be lying again if I said
this morning all morning and all
afternoon I had to work on some behind
the scenes stuff so stay tuned about
that but today actually tonight
basically it's going to be let's check
this out I just got my shirt in the mail
Dustin's put me on this brand and it
fits literally perfectly your boy has a
nice black plain tea but it fits
lengthwise because I'm a tall guy by the
way guys I'm six five so you don't know
how I am because because for some reason
every time I meet supporters of Wolfman
bands in public you guys always are like
yo you're taller than I thought you were
about six foot five okay look at these
numbers six foot that's not really a
number five six oh five and here's the
pants the pants just came in from Zane
row they got rips they're a little bit
wide but they're kind of sweaty I really
read them and they fit perfectly around
the waist they're just like a little
wider than I'm usually used to because
I'm used to tight tight well stuff
anyways I just got my stuff in the mail
so we got some stuff in the mail
the dogs are napping we're about to go
take them to my mom's house and figure
out what we're doing today so Sylvia
just some an organizer because guys when
you have a business you need to organize
your receipts it's very hard to do I
don't I think we have yeah the
government's gonna kick your ass
basically because I have a lot of
expenses a lot of business expenses you
have to keep your receipts handy so came
to Staples I'm grabbing this and then
Ryan just called and I think Banco is
going back he bought a MacBook you guys
saw in like the vlog like yesterday he
bought a mouse for it and I told him I
was like yo why you buying the mouse no
one ever uses Mike with a macbook
because the trackpad dope and if you do
because bongos like a PC guy you're
going to use a PC Mouse and not like the
Little Mac most I have nothing against
Apple like I love Apple products but the
mouse is not that good so this guy's
already returning it so anyways I think
I'm going to get this one is there any
other colors sure like you outfit oh
yeah look at Sylvia's Instagram oh for
the day it's blurry
oh there now it's all blurry show them I
love it other than the snapback Alamosa
Elsa something grand illusions oh yeah
the thali shirt nothing to that thousand
dollar Jackie are you know
Micajah that back there the bad hat and
don't forget to go chain I got the gold
chain the gold ring a large watch so
there's people I like in Eugene OR the
Panther night - yeah there's new pants
in it they look great you need to do
guys I told you guys I'm upping my swag
one thing at a time I got my Lister
glasses on yes I don't care how much of
a high beef that look like my new user
coming in I'm wearing them out tonight
oh shit to the club you're gonna rip my
Jesus average Kurt what you're not gonna
get grain man what sounded great who
cares what it looks like to be honest
what's this one this one looks like a
bee this one's like blocks like a
full-on briefcase like one I think I
like this one because it's not like a it
like actually has a bottom to it though
what's this for well this will be
receipts and then minor if he's going
here or like important documents and
then little receipts in the back guys
you just die so I decide let's get it
truly just bought me can you spread get
yourself a boyfriend that will do that
for you you think the receipt that I
just bought of this I'm putting in this
because it's the right offices business
in the business that's get it guys look
it outside today it is winter wonderland
in this this is like perfect snowflakes
we got mountains over here mountains on
mountain on mountains this is the time I
look good but you know what I'm tired of
winter the snow like fully melted almost
it was so flippin fully melted and then
this happened like yesterday and now
it's winter again it's terrible I don't
know if it's just me but these kinder
surprises used to be so much cooler I
thought I'd be able to build it because
you used to be able to build so many
like cool little toys and all I got was
this already built tiny car like what
that's still not cool at least I came
with stickers I'm definitely I put
stickers on it so if you at all I put
the stickers on my car Holly and Ollie
go here here yeah no no no no this is
how you do it you guys ever play tech
tech
oh shit when all these bits are like one
move I got air you didn't do anything
here that is pretty cool okay see that
whoa okay let's see if it do ended so
guys this is what I do to make car rides
more interesting we're heading downtown
now basically I have a list of
impossible questions I'm just going to
go through some of the ones that I think
that I hardest and I'm going to ask the
people in the car aka Bongo Brian and
Silvia and see if anyone smart enough to
get them so the first question is and by
the way guys I want you playing at home
like you have as much time as they have
to answer it and if you don't get it I
mean you played yourself and then
comment down below how many others how
many questions I asked you got rate and
see if you're smarter than us actually
then I'm pretty smart so first question
how can you drop a raw egg onto a
concrete floor without cracking it
already crust hmm sir correct how do you
drop a how can you drop a raw egg onto a
concrete floor without cracking it
sorry correct you put a pillow
underneath it's a rot raw eggs in
nutshell that's a question how can you
drop a raw egg onto a concrete floor you
know cracking it
sorry Sonia's answer you just pour it
because I'll be choosing all right just
pour it
the answer is I hope you guys got it at
home bag won't crack the concrete floor
oh I'm Chi soluble wording it's all
about wording yeah these are annoying
ones these are these are like Ryan's
videos but he doesn't really give you
much options and expects you to get it
and then he laughs in your face but
another question a is the father of B
but B is not the son of a how is that
possible
all right Ryan Brian gives up cool sexy
J is the father of beat yeah B is not
the son of eight how is that possible if
the daughter and all right I'm wrong
about the question right
I should have where did it wrong cheese
okay
how much dirt is there in a hole three
feet deep six foot long and 4 feet wide
how much dirt that yeah there's no dirt
in the hole it's the whole ko now you
know the vibe of what we're going for it
bongos got too old too many Shawn videos
why yeah he's like so I get either 2 for
2 for 2 for him and that I hope you guys
got at home a couple more
what can you never eat for breakfast
dinner lunch while he got it was dinner
so how did you know that this Shawn a
that one you just gently no why how many
times does the alphabet a appear from 0
to 100 plus and having doubled is good
say it again how many times does the
alphabet and then in quotations a like I
get a letter yeah up here from 0 to 100
to budget
all right never never never be my second
guess Julie are you playing this game
alone
are you listening shopping
okay so Silvia shopping guys one more
question cuz my friends don't pay
attention Larry's father has five sons
named ten twenty thirty forty guess what
the name of the fifth son would be
Whalers it okay Larry's father has five
sons ten twenty thirty forty get Aziz
Larry okay we're done that was it
there's I think I did it you know what
I'm I started looking oh but you're
going too fast
when I got the last okay well I would
have liked I was like okay I would have
I would have liked the five questions
how many of you guys did you guys get
below
I can't ask these guys we just played so
many of these games with each other
before so it is basically them all
alright guys so we are just waiting at
the Apple Store right now Bongo is
fixing or returning some stuff we were
looking for like extension cords for the
MacBook basically this is the charger
for the new MacBook it's a USBC cord but
it's only like a meter long there's no
extension cord that you can buy for it
which is a problem because I mean you
can only fit a meter away from your
laptop so Silvia and Bongo played
themselves and because the big box that
you plug into it L it is so big and like
heavy it always falls out that's always
follow it's Apple I know you're working
on something behind closed doors so I'm
not going to ask you but come up with a
sooner because you played the newest
Michael people to people that spent the
most out of MacBook you played them but
I got my old MacBook so I'm still good I
was willing to buy their little badges
Boris nice
you guys don't have enough dongle work
on your download like Casey Casey
cystatin C Oh guys I just called up
David because he knows what to get at
phone iboga and I'm switching it up and
getting like barbecue pork and some
stuff and some chicken and the rice so
it's different to what I usually get
I'm trying to stay a little more healthy
and one thing at a time one male out of
time so I'll update you guys wouldn't
get too well I'm very excited I've a
headache
he's if I'm greedy I'm greedy as little
when you're little you care to pretend
to fill you up all right on that note
who's coming ooh first meal now peanuts
are Co Jam Jam Jam boy that's why when
you can't hold it it is by but this is
expensive meals guys here we go guys
chopsticks oh you know what I can't wait
here oh my god second meal of the day
in three seconds I'm going to devour it
all watch this three two one and just
like that it is done all I'm bloated
I'm uploaded I'm like the perfect hope
we haven't got let's go we go design my
game is sicker than the flu oh I gotta
buy a shirt that has it life motto on it
guys my game is thicker than beginning
you comment down below if you like it I
like you is that well I like the Raptors
on the way better I told her and the
Raptor was on the way better
that's greedy but the Raptors on his way
be real when you find great value chips
and salsa in your car you have to
deliver them back to the trifle owner
I'm right now I'm literally driving to
Ryan's house just to give him his chips
of a second size of the pot while I was
editing but now your boy is starving I
have not eaten that much today and I'm I
could use some good meal I don't know
what I want though there literally needs
to be more selection like where I'm from
like my one trip to LA completely
changed my whole perspective on food now
I just think that we have nothing
because there's so many options out
there in LA delicious salads that I
could eat and now there's only like
pizza McDonald's that you're right and
you'll be happy to know
I got you your President's Choice shares
myself relax true
I got your selection grants officer was
delicious
well no it's actually Tostitos it's
pretty cheap that's like it Wow bro
you've been saving up a line I'll ask
you guys guys check this out I have a
tripod right here so I can just set the
camera here do some weaving oh we use up
here we go guys oh hi that's not waving
I'll turn you drink because you're so
stressed on YouTube you want to finish
your Hennessy that you love you
Tempe yeah business is empty no guys
because there was a bunch of one Millie
which I didn't hear cuz I had that like
months ago I was a winery in anyways but
I direct review - we all just have her
acute acute
take this drip you'll be realistic we're
going to get more Hannity alright I'm
tank ago remember the idea when you're
trying to fill that
right if you're always taking on this
one crazy what does that one say we
might begin my they go Jojo from holding
scare on a tripod a like a shell molding
solid what if i add a li vlogger like
this
welcome back to more will be today we'll
be logging from a distance of 5 feet
every is log will be vlogging from a
little more fun debate
check this angle it ok overall to name
six okay today somebody today today
today oh no I didn't really know me Ryan
controlling guys and have it Nylund Oh
on the floor than land under the 600
easy one this is my blog come on
alright guys here we go to take it
all right Shawn you're one watch I am
number gets all of that oh guys by the
way if you like me try knock a lot
challenges make sure to hit that like
button wait with your vlog cam right
rich boy did it yeah I guess I owe you
thank you today except I don't know what
jeez Ryan went to that camera repair
store and got a new camera for zero
money and I spent $1,000 on this camera
for no reason so I'm just gonna I love
you camera okay roll at one shot if you
roll a six then coming to something
happens I'm almost going on drop the
beat me with it
no you hit with your clip I didn't touch
it your flip we should all go yet
okay okay guys so we're doing a quick
try not to laugh challenge no trolling
allowed actually try not to laugh we got
Ryan here it's your boy we watch half of
the J here so first one a lot basically
losing there have to be two recipes
don't know you don't move into the
chocolate so here we go we have one of
the hardest compilations up on the
screen right now okay play you can sit
on the lobby
knowing that he would relent
rajachandra that's a diamond ring he put
on is that one shot two shot why don't
you watch you actually think of your
mouth and just that yeah right Gogi
they're all the most popping vines from
that is gonna be sad this is the best
day my doing I bet my cub yeah brother
doctor I get you happy like a mental
charge another transaction enough after
a toe I hit my Monday remember on to the
actual hard one
John's looking back it was funny shows
his pants were down not my lap you don't
have your life to help us who you let
mine up a lasted just one in eight hours
ago they just water so this is Mikey
here we go
is that
shouts I know people love trolling their
kids eventually there's Joycelyn is that
non-settling society resources care for
children the chump does not own Fatima
yeah Kaylin properly to go this is oh
I'm not know guys yeah he shot off the
tee shot what I didn't have to take one
shot and survived I do it a lot
yeah Bobby is over bro I called I called
it her out these are funny make one
that's funny comment it down below and
I'll react again be impossible one their
own fun little as possible to hey hope
on that note let's leave the tail enjoy
to do the real work
sriracha a Ryan's for your both you want
to show to our show but I respond it
will be doing by the way all that all
these guys channels will be in the
description below guys so so subscribe
to them after this are we calling it or
anyone money me oh yeah here's aureate
no rubbing on okay no no no no Ryan come
on my name is Russ oh you know I've done
videos with David okay big word bro I'm
creating a film right now oh okay hold
on hold up
Britta boy Broyden you in laugh oh I
hate this guy do it
what is this a prank on YouTube oh shut
up to Sean subscribe yo come on any
rhymes help all right I need a suey
all right I have channel your inner
state you need a silly humor sweet and
then say hi to Rebecca what up Rebecca
oh shit you're one haha you don't
realize how much is in your mouth until
yeah that's the right amount but not no
that's all the boys so I Drive them
anyways guys wrong off at their house
which is new because I always ended up
in my house I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog remember to stay savage if you
enjoyed the blog go down go ahead
comment comment I got it listen let's
see how we like you at least a real
avoid don't watch me the same thing
I know it's 2017 but today I want twenty
eight and a half thousand lights okay
twenty eight and a half thousand lights
and Ryan will let me go bowling with his
head okay I found like but now another
shadow here we're we taking a little
more time I mentioned I was always faced
I was like oh cool let me go blank
