good morning a yo with pizza boy will be
welcome back to more we'll see guys I'm
back and I'm better I got my salad right
now back on the Caesar salads you
already know what it is here we go got
to eat that and Dustin are about to
finally finish filming his video days
and days and days have gone into this
DIY so it's going to be a banger I
wanted to just let you guys know I hope
you guys are all having like I say every
single day have a great day stay
positive
do not let the haters drag you down
everything in life you have to smile
through the hard times you got to stay
positive all the time guys all these
haters everybody that dislike you is
just they're just upset with themselves
they're just hurt so don't let their
words get to you guys stay focused stay
Savage most importantly and let's get on
with the day here we go boom okay hey
there's our garbage boo okay
we're positive boom wolf am the best
family ever boom and I like the video
here we go
oh by the way shout out to all the wolf
family hit 500,000 like on the new main
Channel video over five hundred thousand
likes and 16 hours so more than I could
have expected
I knew the wolf fam had juice but I
didn't know we had it like that like in
16 hours I thought we're going to hit it
maybe in a week with 16 hours less than
a day 500,000 like who is out here doing
it other than PewDiePie just because a
beast but I mean who is out here doing
this no way that's not the answer so
guys we are headed to read oh now Bongo
is finally getting his first laptop this
guy's been editing off other people's
computers first like full sort of
experience so shout out to bundle DIY
chocolate bars are paying off I'm only
going literally I told people this
morning I'm only going for Chipotle I've
been craving it I'm getting a bowl and
if I happen to buy $1,000 with it is
what it is you live you learn you buy
your beats at $500 challenge eww triple
quadruple and I love this videos I got
dad got this guy will see squared long
easy take it easy alright you can get me
Cochrane it's a weight
I want to know how we can ever smash
this matron watching Frankie Frankie
just Michael small ball to black we'll
take it come on hey excited bongo are
you excited
you have a 13-inch MacBook yes yes yeah
what the hell Ryan you didn't tell me
we're travel the same albino looking
Ryan he's actually wavy I can't even
hate the bottom yeah I need some no I
need some wireless garlic guys i buy all
my views they're all fake this is how
you get them I mean so many apples were
loaded up on a MacBook and you can't
like it cuz you're not signed in but
look at that five hundred and forty
seven thousand thumbs up in less than a
day you guys you guys are insane you
getting it the same one or jobs loading
up your own plate oh no he's doing my
thing do my face you might be everyone
knows if you oh come on guys chop chop
let me guess the road to seven mill
let's get it why is it in French Road I
don't want these vision wall let's do
that bro you're getting translations on
your his room yep we're getting no mind
forget it deal for good old times bloody
for good luck
you got on did you guys know Ryan please
no no you guys are into it oh you don't
know please subscribe ah yes long go
shopping for glasses but so am I always
shopping that coming down below if you
like you
I think they're like a little too big
for my face though to be honest like a
little bit comment down below like the
video if you like the phone yo James our
Jordans comment down below all goes
everyone's guy guy got glasses and
geezers would put it up
adidas it is a Jordan - AJ - flickering
- Jeanne's and burns comment down below
these will only ones oh gosh Gang Gang
Gang Gang your wolfram in the building I
have to await them because I went home
and left and you're doing my business
this one I was gonna comment but I don't
I mean I'm going with you thank you hi
do you want to me know buy shoes right
now so go right now on the vlog here you
go any shoes what I'm buying - ah you
like any shoes you guys like in issues
you know no wait wait enemies it is I'll
take a pair buddy I'll take a pair she
said wait nmds I'll cop them right now
fine size 13 13 I'll buy them guys I
don't know what just happened in that
shoe store your boy is called out so I
had to follow through I bought some
shoes John even want them now I got
white enemies coming in the mail anyways
retro fully I'm going to get multiple
it's in Rito its downtown to Tonya my
health
especially muscle group they're getting
great you're getting people come I'm
getting three balls I'll take a picture
I'll show you guys are gone through
multiple polls alert here yo can you
guys hear that outside dad's filming is
1 million thank you listen ok bow
shoutouts a job for hitting a milk ryan
showing me behind-the-scenes footage on
video maybe one dunk yeah then they can
see their s on your channel yeah a
consolation will be aunty I'm also the
mind to that possible yeah honestly tell
them one done I'll show them a little
bit I just want to see an easy dunk
there's just an easy dunk
alright I guess that's all you see the
rest on right sleeves channel
youtube.com slash dad with the J you
already notice let's check it out
actually Ryan Swayze no guy thumbs this
video up it mean will be you play 101 I
want to know not what I wanted to start
with dunk off dunk off yeah okay with
that like button and member me Ryan will
have dunk off with a trampoline that'll
be weird if I hit 50,000 like this piece
now if it's not gonna make you thousand
likes I'm not even thinking or the
August relations are like the
PlayStation you're watching it like it
but I appreciate the 10 likes toys
nation hey guys alright so you guys know
in yesterday's vlog I told you guys
about my fidget toys basically if you
don't know what it is
look how satisfying this is to watch it
just spins and then when you move it
from side to side that looks super dope
as well it feels super dope I'll tell
you that but you guys smash the like
button yesterday's vlog so I owe you
fidget toy trick shots so now I bring to
you fidget toy trick shots let's get it
got this full which is going to be like
my goal started off right here we'll
start easy dinner ooh I see that way too
far
let's get it guys not even like 10
seconds into this chick shot I don't
know what to tell you this fidget toy is
really struggling to fidget and I
already broke off one of the side pieces
of it so Axl I wanted your system just
on Kim what the heck open bag here
soccer or football here
Ryan anything there spinner toy here
give it a quick one - what about a
sinner on top of a spinner if I pull
this off guys
I'm a genius let's pin it you got to put
it on top ready go hooked up your city
give you guys the red bat is retired
we're collecting right take your shirt
off
just open your shirt give me a net Oh
found trampoline okay oh you open the
net open it fidget toy if I get this and
one try master like button go on that
hole we're done dropping down below your
favorite song on never late
this is one of my favorite songs I play
for real I'm I just
I think they like it you I need you to
stop running back to get to the waitress
are you cool it real I'm I just say guys
I just put both together and now look at
this ye-yah DIY so close together they
look wavy like this or you can either
like this look like an innocent
another day another 2d punky you guys
some yourself guys I had to pick up my
friggin Coco crush a booster juice bar
oh stop playing from inside the story
anyways I'm a Coco crush not on mango
hurricane get mad yeah I had to leave it
no one has too much sugar diet wolf you
had to smooth down on the calories I
friggin a salad earlier today I have
some Chipotle Bull and I had my mother
Lucy so now I'm not too bad of a date
betting right look you guys want to talk
about gains talk about gain here this is
it the coco crush energy booster who is
bongos and his long easy on my case aux
cord gotta line so guys it just is a
24-hour mark on my new video and we are
sitting at I said 500 thousand likes we
got six hundred and thirty-eight
thousand like obviously by far a record
not from my whole channel I've had more
on like videos with 15 million views but
for the amount of views it has and then
friggin one day 24 hour time period it's
the most I've ever had by far I think I
doubled what I've ever gotten in my life
so thank you wolf and for that but I
have a bone to pick with you yes you the
one employee who works at YouTube who
never put myself on trend thank you why
do you never put myself on training bro
2.7 million views in one day and it
can't go trending like I don't need
trending but it would be nice to have
trending I just want it like you used to
give me trending so what what one 2.7
billion views in one day means a video
was trending so why is it not on
trending page thank guys I don't want
you taking like oh cool few only cares
about views will be only cares about
like I see trending as like it's like an
award like I used to get it back in the
day when my channel is blowing up
whatever I see it as like a
congratulations like a pat on the back
it motivates me but when I'm not getting
an award and I'm just getting Most
Improved Player it kind of
to me off of it so that's not gonna work
that this guy get oh you're giving me
participation or words I don't want them
just put me on trending we have no more
issue and I know just one guy working at
YouTube who just doesn't rate me I don't
know what I did you but I'm sorry
I'll buy you Booster Juice I'll make it
up to you I swear a little less in my
videos if that's what it comes down to
but realistically I stopped wearing and
you still don't put me on Chinese soap
that might just keep swaying put more
wolfy on trendy men talk on my name one
more time
anyone there's no girl anyone wants to
talk on my name you speak on my name and
you don't know who I am so waddle Emma
what what am I Lionel I told you go stop
looking like a cat
I better not catch you slipping you look
like that you look like a cat random
shadows of the day go to Sydney
Lycoris I see you guys on my Instagram
pic thank you so much for liking and
commenting we got Joe Keys 1 2 3 who
just disappeared from the screen but
landed Blake's right here who else we
got Jackie over here shoutout to you
jack fool that guy that guy's a big fan
k butterfly who Ryan please just follow
him and he'll follow you back but I
think Ryan might he make it up there you
look ok I'm just kinda skeptical
skipping a few other shout out guys shut
up the spark guy get it to your white
boy Donovan you already know what it is
for putting love on the photo also
shout-out to Selena because you got a
good name Selena Gomez great shout-out
to Tyler shout to Maddy m14 and show the
back Irene and Ryan loving man what's up
Ryan's on screen there you go anyways
guys show us all you guys keep liking go
while you're at it just pause the video
right now go scroll down to my
description go to my Instagram like all
of my stuff comment on all of myself
every single most used emoji you have
unless it's a negative one keep that toy
away from my page I want negativity all
positive tired eyes like like this emoji
you know the positive one guys I want to
see you mad loving my stuff anyway we
were taking a break it's gonna be like a
two days shooting session but the video
went really well that is a hint of what
the video is these these two these
things on the table right there you can
see them now I got to drive this guy
home pick up my chipotle and my South
from his house Dustin's on the phone
I've okay that's what I don't want to
get copyrighted anyways guys bike guys
look at his natural prints in his
natural habitat - boy prints now sleeves
to me until I go to bed over here loci
starting to like me a lot more even
though he didn't have to start he's
growing on me say I'm growing on him
which is good but yeah guys update on my
second pair of jeans that I bought
spontaneously like a few blogs to go on
the boys couch I just checked the GPS
and they should be here tomorrow as well
as some products for another video going
to be here tomorrow which is awesome and
waiting for those to come for so long
and Dustin was trying to get me on these
new types of t-shirts so I ordered a
bunch of those in and those should be
here tomorrow so tomorrow will be one of
those days were officially everything
that I've ordered is in and I don't have
any things that I'm waiting on because
there's usually like with me I'm always
waiting on like at least four - five -
six - seven - eight - nine - ten
products to come in so tomorrow's going
to be a good day because then I don't
have to think about anything I just have
to like film a bunch of videos with all
my banger supplies pick up a few things
oh I'm very excited for tomorrow but on
that note I'm going to end the vlog off
here guys I hope you enjoyed another fun
day with your boy Wolfie if you did you
already know what to do go down and
smash that like button let's hit 27,000
wolf AM comment down below it's lit and
then to the very end of the vlog because
if you did it's lit and I will see you
guys soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage hello
bye
