good morning oh my god okay I don't know
if you saw that camera shift but look at
it guys good morning
if you boy will be welcome back to more
Wolfie how can I show you guys look at
this screen okay you can see the screen
the screen supposed to stay straight
100% straight but it tilts okay I don't
know if you see that the screw is
completely gone so I called the camera
store this morning and they actually
have one in stock so I'm going to go
pick it up about to go get my haircut
because then take enough off the table
last time I feel dirty
I feel grimy and even though I need to
be editing today I will save that for
the later part in the day so that I can
be productive in the early part of the
day Wolfie say what up to the vlog roof
roof all right Prince went up to the
block alright you're scared but yeah
let's stop let's get the day started
smack the like button if you are excited
for another episode of normal teeth
let's get it I left my car at my parents
house so Silvia let me drive her car for
the day realistically I could have gone
there but I was like nah drew that I
want to drive the girl's car today so it
feels different but I'm liking it guys
the sound system could be a little bit
better but I'm still really digging the
car instead of like the SUV mix here's a
new baby guys I'm excited about this
this is like my fifth one so far so
hopefully this one lives right now I'm
just seeing if I have any warranty on
the camera if I don't have any warranty
which I'm pretty sure 95% sure I don't
because I probably I think I said fuck
warranty then I just got to get the new
camera if not then maybe this can get
fixed but the screen was broke up no
warranty okay so we got the new camera
guys but basically Ryan's asking about
his camera because he broke his camera
too and the game is Henry and yeah
apparently they can like repair my
camera downtown so we might do that even
though I just bought a new camera
it wasn't ask about that see it what
this my bike hey my life I bought a
fucking new camera I bought a new camera
I just needed a new screw
oh shit with the lighting on this
cameras actually why am I so bright no
Aloha
yeah the cameras oh sorry guys this
camera is had its life guys I'm putting
up their booths of use I got the focal
crush which is coconut water pineapples
bananas and coconut and I got protein in
it instead of a mango hurricane which I
usually get I'm switching it up a little
more healthy pretend we haven't eaten
today so a little protein in it to
Brian's getting the banana I know the
mango hurricane because he is right
there
example slope guys the haircut is fresh
now and now I'm listening to more life a
few more stops for the day and then
after that is a home people I don't know
when you're going to do it but you
should definitely sponsor me soon I
definitely buy more products here than
anybody feel free to reach out to me
email in the description and I will I'll
do duct tape whatever you need right now
pick it up duct tape hint hint I don't
know if you guys know that also look at
that told you seven dollars for any
footlong and subway because they're
trying to bring traffic into home people
because no one reads it or not but I can
make you rate it possibly you know how
much duct tape you would you like say I
need but I would de like they're your
old cam at home people I'm getting like
decent ones I like oh yeah good quality
ones okay that'll be like this better
cuz it right yeah yeah what you can do
is well I got a lot of is medic look but
get gray gorilla basil oh yeah yeah I'm
gonna probably get a few rolls of Goethe
Gorilla Tape for the final layer yeah
okay cool alright just go buy more okay
okay I'm getting some now I'm not
filming today okay oh no no tonight are
you trying to fill in the rest of your
video I'm just gonna be editing the rest
of the day okay cuz I was gonna try to
film as you can it's all go around oil
okay just text me later than okay cool
okay what you heard the man Dustin says
like 2030 layers so let's load up I
really hope this is enough duct tape to
like just put on the small band-aid on
my finger Ryan's cringing trying not to
take Buddha's money guys change he's
like okay yo cha-cha-cha-cha-cha bad
luck bad luck bad luck please are
his ball cause and his head top you
already know what it is guys it's a
phony Bogota day got the chicken rolls
with the peanuts with the peanut sauce
that stuff is phenomenal I had to get it
with the sprouts though that's it
there's the perfect way to start my Edit
day I got my new pants online where
we'll see Where's Waldo shirt and my new
camera is back there that I got
unblocked after this but today is going
to be a bomb day because I'm getting all
my stuff done early as possible I'm not
posting today but later on is going to
be interesting because I got some
special special video footage for you
guys guys I'm going to show you a really
quick food hack that I learned back in
the day hello I see I thought somewhere
basically it's a taco life hack even
though I'm not eating taco I gotta hurry
up with my food falling apart but when
your food is falling apart like a taco
put another burrito shell or another rap
or another taco shell underneath it so
that it makes another one with all the
food that's falling out same with this
rice wrap or this chicken wrap I'm going
to dip it in here to watch boot balls oh
you don't want to go to waste
it goes in the bowl I just want to edit
guys what did I get myself into oh my
God look at this Sylvia got me wearing
some crazy math I'm not going to fully
show you it link in the description to
her video but put it this way your boy
is feeling some type of way right now
holy crap I just ordered to edit at
least I got my editing buddy right here
just making sure that every edit I do is
amazing this is my little asad right
Prince right okay oh shit my other
moguls coming in what's up you got two
vocals okay back to editing quick stop
at my us address guys gotta get some
supplies the amount of packages here is
mod miss you guys it goes down for so
long in each aisle they have certain
like a little bins for everybody but I'm
picking up a bunch of stuff because I
want to film another banger today and
it's going to be fun
I think I'm someone with Ryan and I got
to help Dustin cylinder into his video
as well so you know you get a lot of
shit thank God we didn't get soft at the
border because guys I got this molding
stuff and check out what it looks like
in the package I was like yo maybe I
should just bring it in the box and just
tell them I got some stuff for molding
like it's really hard to explain because
everything I cross the border with is
like questionable shit for videos
obviously but look what it looks like in
the box and this definitely this car
it would have been a little more suspect
I just chose to left it Hey
I chose to leave it in the box buddy
good boy sit good boy coming anyways I
think Sylvia got our gold play button a
few other things my glue I got to start
using these supplies because I'm taking
up a lot of space in this house like
this whole this whole beginning room is
my shit you know if you guys don't
already follow me follow me on all
social media I'll leave links right here
and you know how my by this so guys I'm
just waiting on Ryan to finish filming
his video me and Dustin were going to
film for his channel some stuff went
wrong he might have fucked up with his
gummy it's going to be blessed at the
end of it but just we have to wait a
little longer so now we're cooking
Dustin here some steak right here and
I'm filming my real versus gummy food
part too so I picked up a bunch of
supplies to the video and it turns out
that I can make like a full meal out of
just like the extra food I got corn on
the cob some frog legs not excessive of
those but everything else looks black
but I'm gonna do a taste test right now
for you guys basically mental has just
dropped chocolate and caramel or caramel
choose I really know they are Mentos
some I test it out real quick because if
you guys know mementos you know they're
minty that's basically what they have
they have the fruit ones fruit ones are
good but they've never dropped chocolate
so this is definitely a new thing cause
like a new Canada thing a lot there's
probably a comment down below where you
are and if they exist anymore
they're already because we are always
late to the shit people are probably
cringing at home being like we've had
this for fucking years here's what it
looks like guys I mean you guys know
what it looks like Oh looks like a
Maltese or a whopper and I'll tell you
the chewy factor a ten while cocks
amazing cake Jam is Rhett yeah Nazareth
okay cooking me up some space sure
Haley's Mentos are amazing ok guys so it
is now film time I just set up the
lights that lighting them might be a
little too strong
people are just friggin dog whoopee come
in come to your real come to your real
master coming good boy oh yeah
Prince please come in come Polly come on
Fritz Prince come to me you like Darius
Sylvia Prince's gone good boy coming
everybody
oh come here bread listen to me stop
biting me Wolfie oh my god
please good boy come on come in come in
this yes good boy Prince waitress whoo
Ritt whoa whoa whoa whoa what I like you
cuz video is pretty well we got oh my
data will be here you know pipe up pipe
up pipe up stretch me boy finally done
filming guys time to taste test knees
because these are been in my kitchen for
so long I got them from the states when
I went last time not even the time I
went today
cookies and cream a cookie pops like
popcorn cookies in Korean so without
further ado by the way guys I filming
one good I'm tired
dog our sales go to you and then go good
one good for me
that kind of subscribe to me anyway whoa
yo why does the United States have them
all to lit objects in the world we a lie
hey don't know we are crazy know Sadie
they even though your most discussed on
that right but not I gotta be the first
later that hit you in the mouth is like
boom and then it just later like popcorn
no girls
okay guys these are bad these are bad
food reviews with will see okay guys so
I picked up one of these fidget toys
have been going like viral everywhere on
the internet right now and basically if
you don't know what it is you can just
spin it with your finger and it spins
really quick I got it yesterday I've
been practicing a lot but this is just
not satisfying to touch and feel and
listen to watch this put on the table it
straightens out just like that just
keeps going so what I thought would be a
cool idea is why not do some trick shots
with these so if you guys not that like
button and we get twenty seven thousand
likes on this vlog then your boy is
going to do some trick shots because I
know the whole fam would be wanting to
see some of this you don't have a look
at it okay maybe I got like that maybe
if I just like maybe like spin it I'm
just like oh okay oh this is too lit I
will figure out something to do maybe
like fire conference evil
I never know what I'll do with all right
guys to clear up the controversy this is
not charlie shirt he watched his last
vlog he bought it I bought it we are not
sharing clothes he did not give me
clothes I actually didn't last well -
but you're not wearing the same shirt
just wanted one to clear up the
controversy in my Instagram photo guys
go lie and I like the photo right now
and I'll follow you guys check out the
shirt I'm wearing seems to be the
purpose here one here so just to clear
it up or not Jen close to love your
voice please maybe look in the other
room and told him that I want him to eat
a gummy pepper like a hog bell pepper
for like a challenge but I was like yo
you see how fast you need if you can do
the whole thing in like 10 seconds I
will literally give you the big a shout
out of life so the quiz yeah I thought
but I Caroline a reversal is abolished
up in the world that puts them and I do
love the pepper so what he doesn't know
is that some of this is in the gummy
pepper and so here it is guys here is
the gummy go supper daddy Dustin you
have 20 seconds for the biggest shout
out of your life you guys can tell but
what punk sure you guys can't tell by
the extra like ended miss of my body
hey I don't do well with hot food I'm
sure you tell you the whole city Crisco
oh yeah you have for the shadows oh did
you feel the extra kick yet ah cause of
that what do you mean bro just a gummy
just like a gummy ghost pepper bro
behind you on so what this is the
beverage wall that yodeling oh ok ok ok
that's good right either SOG yo watch it
spinning reigns oh no no
no no no you know it's hot a line bro
all right I put uh I put a surprise in
there - now you're white what is good
come on okay car like Carolina Reaper
assumption Zambia idiot what do you mean
oh just give me the uh it's just a
little bit of Carolina Reaper dope
Marlowe story don't ever play yourself
are you okay guys yo no se follow the
story ko we actually have to rest just
doesn't going to get he thi cs4 okay
stop puking buddy
it's ten nineteen circles at eleven
let's get this kid I oh no no no no no I
just clean i just creep Ryan you can
never sit in this chair it's my man it's
a manager's chair what it is a present
the managers here we made it to Walmart
guys with twenty minutes on the clock
actually we got here way quicker than I
thought so now you started by GTA from
this blue shirt it month and it's a wrap
dress he's going to join it on the squad
game okay you got to get him okay
where's your phone
what we just want Y if you got pocket
juice I thought you fuckin insist on
holding all right and play hi Ryan
what's just what Dustin's favorite
system ps4 wanted all right yo yo wait
so guys the guy said I can't film in
Walmart so guess what I'm filming
illegal kicked out gone wrong
24 hours channels gone wrong prank in
the hood gone wrong III know so
yo check on YouTube Yahoo I am gone
wrong gone wrong gone wrong and I'm
sorry you lose i win i'm gon' sexual
sexual contact your friends like this
this is available them in here I like to
show them the real we'll see videos
types of hey man take the fight man
alert oh that oh my gosh I Ramona with
Viral in denial about every single life
Tom here's the battle zone its twin
engine you look like you want to believe
yes they have seen Cindy and that's
gonna take you on bro you and once your
nuts
it's where that kill me return guy who
today ah your mom's mom and then your
dad mom like
modulation what I love the fact one guy
who explains a lot you even know your
own name I know your own name I know you
like there did you collect money like
this - I wish youtubers like this music
I was not so much that like this the
random guy didn't know this was there I
didn't think I was coming here to rap as
she Eminem you cannot go shit I will act
oh this is no fairy tale ending do that
- do I hear I ever said okay guys this
Ryan what the heck guy gets his friggin
whatever C boost to help Goku or some
stuff and leaves in my house and leave
my house listen Ryan slaves if I catch
more garbage in my house you're done
pranking you I'm coming to your house
your territory I'm gonna prank you what
guys I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
I'm going to end the vlog off now if you
did make sure to go down to slash I like
button you already know what the deal is
- let's hit 27 thousand likes and while
you're in the liking mood guys I just
dropped a DIY gummy like button like the
biggest YouTube like button ever and
it's popping right now
it has like three hundred and forty five
thousand likes and like honestly I think
just five hours maybe five and a half
hours so that just shows me that the
friggin wolf fam is savages hell so go
down smash the like button on this video
and because I'll be reading comments on
both here and the main channel video I
want you guys to comment down below what
other things you want me to make like
light buttons others like chocolate are
saying Rice Krispies marshmallow
whatever you want comment it down below
so I know from my main channel what to
make next but again I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog and I will see you guys
soon on mobile here we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage leggo
