good morning 8 yo what's get your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy guys
it's not really morning you would think
that it's very early morning but in fact
it is very late at night closing I think
yesterday's vlog something very special
and something very near to my heart is
happening tonight
your boy just dustin as well as your boy
chad with a J are both about to hit a
million subscribers you guys are like I
think like a vlog or maybe too long ago
Shawn hit a million subscribers
literally everybody is on the come up
right now so Dustin is like 3,000
subscribers away from the big one Milly
the six zero let's get it and dad is
like I think maybe like 5,000 away
it is currently 12:30 at night right now
but what the plan is because like
because all the boys like to be around
when the big Milly goes down we are
going to try and go on Instagram live
together and make the final push so the
judge and Dustin can hit a million in
the same night that's going to be super
special so let's go look at almost look
at all perky yes i Franklin I leave this
photo here just a trainer he's like Ryan
strolling and I just write his rough
about what I think what is really going
on this vlog right guys what a big boy
please be be be now no that's it that's
it guys were fine make visible knock
down egg Mary Steenburgen up chok chok
chok back side of the G currently at
nine nine five five seven six nine
hundred ninety five thousand seven
twenty six Dustin's is that we're both I
regicide each other okay nine hundred
and ninety seven thousand seven hundred
fuse I think as soon as Dustin hits nine
hundred ninety eight thousand it's game
time
everybody is promoting the last wish and
these guys are flying subscribers right
now less than you're playing how do you
feel
1 milli let's go let's go walk them keep
killing it comment down below if you
guys want and of life we have to demo
right now
boil shatter the J 1 milli dustin 1
milli one night thank you so much wolf
am we really appreciate it
Stefan what do you have to say - the
wolf am not have got it without us
please did every single water you can
ever want you I love you thank you thank
you so much guys we're gonna go talk to
Jack see what he thinks
what it's like two in the morning to
Millie's one night let's get it here we
go where's that at a Millie one Billy
Joel here we go
that was a fucking grind role for one
hour started pushing everyone our
pushing your shovel and over there that
was an experience roll it up Thomas
Marcus goes for everybody comment down
below on Jack's Instagram pic and
Dustin's recent hissing up there say
congrats on 1 million
I will leave their instagrams in the
link where I will be linked to their
instagrams down below dosatron and
comment down below and then comment done
so I can show you guys my blog after
that so guys we are officially in
Montreal now and got Sylvia here we have
to go to the mall detention shit but
Bongo is here Brian's here and we're
doing a last-minute impromptu shopping
trip because you guys normal addicted to
shopping so I don't drive when I'm at
different cities because I don't
understand the rules so Bongo driving
here you guys know we had to play a song
when we step on fucking mud shelter 9
okay guys we just got to France and
basically people speak English here but
look there is a phone charging for free
Ryan it's three eight it's not five it's
not five dollars free charging he should
go it work so the question is no hole I
know that one more free Ally you're
broke well not taking pictures right now
we'll take one after it was five dollars
we just got to France with crazier guys
you said that if I have problems that I
have to decide that axis vent you Ally
well then I'll just tell you when you
have problem Sylvia I'm just here to
tell you it's okay how about here
first one first purchase in France guys
we are in France which is crazy
brands getting some shoes
congratulations you made the first
purchase so first one to spend $10,000
wins and as always these toilets let go
here we're out here J shopping guys you
already know Bongo he only won to buy
J's command drop J's the boy will never
buy J's I'm gonna be judgmental I die
right now
and easy these are going to be in today
I'll show you them later today first
collection guys I found the first pair
of pants that I'm rocking right here
the Nike art and really little is
disgusting with the easies oh my god
fuck coughing great and I got black as
well double XL I was forget up again but
you look kind of greedy because everyone
chill how you going shopping for years
we're evolving bin ready to go for a
little while woo that looks nice also
I like the length though it's like just
long enough
monkeys guys are literally driving the
typical white boy from LA but trashy
doesn't fit me summon off the car sauna
today got two of the move pump you can
let's get it are we going to Simon's
affirmative yeah
get on my level bro reasons are to use a
2d for your head top row is there to hit
you in your face top not just like oh la
la casa la bro thought I hadn't exactly
that's was nice what all Ryan's are like
you actually have to speak to me like
yeah it wasn't that bless Ryan Ryan Ryan
did you hear the echo or what another
one why are they selling a doctor's
office taught in this rookie story why
are they selling a karate offered in the
store but why they sell in the doctor's
office
Sylvia Sylvia Guinea will now take
patient number seven looking at oh you
have the white one that's the one who
look at guys I finally found purpose to
emerge actually Ryan found it I'll give
you the credit and he's causing it and
is not a big Jess of your family you
guys are on the fucking number one
believer I don't care what makes fun of
me I bought the Justin forever share now
this thing is like whoa like fucking
root Justin Rose you like Drake where
your ovo shape don't go on my territory
adjusted I hate this guy anyways guys
I'm getting the long-sleeve tee I didn't
even try it on and the hoodies down here
as well the hoodies a little small but I
love Justin so much as I'm copying it
anyway just to support we just met a fan
in France guys you knew all of us she
knew Ryan or Malcolm sorry you know
Malcolm she knew Omar and she knew so
she knew Sean if you're worried and she
knew me just uh since in the loop so
guys we are leaving France now it was a
good trip I bought a bunch of stuff
I'll show you don't when I get home but
I dropped the camera so if I just
thought vlogging I appear at my house
looks like any second
there's no guarantees how much I'm going
to vlog camera
on its last breath but on the way back
to Ottawa we're like why not just go to
the Lambo dealerships or vertical look
at something closer
you guys didn't believe we were going to
come out here I got an r8 drop-top yeah
this is Ryan's favorite old looking at
I'm all about my Ferrari one sec this
one's disgusting but this is my favorite
one
by far even though I hate green
interiors I think I would cop this for
sure and the door handle
fuck the rim was rat the Lambo
dealership but the gag is December right
charlie you tried fitting in that blue
car right there and he did not fit he is
way too tall but I fit perfectly in it
so I told him just get for me okay guys
unfortunately I'm too big literally I'm
just too big for Lamborghini so even if
I were to like well I wanted one at one
point but I'm just too big for
Lamborghinis and the Aventador which is
way more expensive than the Huracan
which aren't considering is even smaller
than the Huracan so Lambo scratch off
the list forever I think unless I can
cut off my legs that's so funny that
makes you're too big for our cars i'm
t-ray cubic catalyst it could have been
a sale you could have made a self I
liked it
no we literally just wanted to go to
Lambo now that's our Lambo
sexy cars obviously so I'm gonna go
phileas that's at least okay guys so we
are back in Ottawa now I just put
together a pile of donation clothes I'm
donating to Ryan slaves Mongo
okay I have too many clothes I bought a
bunch of clothes not have stuff that I
can give them in return for always
helping me out and being a good friend
anyway my camera is at the point where
it is literally like broken essentially
today I dropped it a few times the
screen watch this I let go you can hear
the screen really shaking right now
I lost the screw on the back of the
camera so now I think I have spent more
money and get another vlog camera but
honestly this blog camera this one is
specific I love you will give you a name
Wolfie Junior junior I love you you
you've served me a good purpose you've
lasted a long time
but I think your life is up because to
get us through wooden would involve me
calling the company I don't think I
don't think Henry's the place I got it
from could do it and then that would
take time to ship and all this and all
that so I think it would just be more
convenient for me to get a new camera in
the meantime and then worst case if this
one I can get it through for
then I have three cameras and I can get
more bang or camera angles during pranks
and that's up so it's come to this point
guard I'm excited let's go to my mom's
house because I think my users are there
at least it's said they're there so
let's go get them yes free clothes alert
I'm gonna move Loki fit Bongo more bro
you know yeah yeah come on hello know
how Tommy on my trap photos yes well I
won and by the way guys easily I watch
this this spot is your truth which one
you're teasing me three close guys feed
the homeless for me the homeless
that's a BBQ for sure free clothes okay
I'm on watching TV
hey guys and they're trying to move
behind me I'm going to start with these
ones who came into me one or like King
push some adidas wonder then the other
one should be easy so we're going to see
what's in the box here those are the
you'd be all easy go table you know look
at this bro I got a discount because the
box was broken no no percent discount no
no no what oh fuck yeah quick oh yeah I
see it I see it would damage the Box bro
here we go did you get oh it's with the
double ball go to read the letter to
letter
y'all ready like alert loose mama white
bottom is a brand new hole never done
yeah well like easy Wow how you feel how
you cry feel black up yelling create oh
let me try one on
I mean no sneakerheads do not get mad at
me for however I am first try I'm not
even undoing them because I know they
move to your feet hello
how did I sit yo yo yo if you're in
Ottawa run it up come on come out your
boy okay bitch yes your boy has and you
got the dice inside irani for you I
bought two do pants today I can jump fro
they push me they push me oh fuck right
I'm please I really really heels montage
please be
hit a loud montage anything yo do guys
using my fucking man is that true
what are you going to call it giving my
friends easy yeah bro spread you got a
good you do anyways the next book that
was the shortest montage you guys ready
PBX is right in toilet that's obvious
these one you might say are a little too
much but I got them as he enjoys oh my
god like I was saying they're a little
much but I got them because they
thinking on them and you gotta stick
with your brand so you don't have like
makes it on them their liquor but I
thought your beep repeat this I'm gonna
know what the article snakeskin chooser
and make sure they are also busy yeah
yeah they're kicking where the game
disgusted where's the king I said you
know yes we did jokes and then there's
rocking that I'm dropping his own shoes
amended robbing my shoes bro do you see
the king or not okay gang alert gang all
right saying that no no keep your foot
up we'll do another montage keep your
foot up
Oh
we'll choose our wavy nothing you'll
watch our everyone have Montanans my
shoes all you can eat ribs no all day
yes and there's a wolf on the hall let's
go oh no so they give us crayon to draw
it so we're gonna instead of drying
we're going to do crayon and drink prank
oh I'm cheese is over you are keepers
over here remember if they both go
where's my food though look at guys to
it this guy guys to say is food two
stars on Yelp guys why am i potato the
size of a fucking dime look we're woody
all right wolf am I'm going to end the
vlog off now I hope you made it to the
very end because today was a litlle you
know Chad and Dustin technically hit a
milli - day we went to Montreal or no we
went to France we came back we got
Jeezy's it was a very eventful very
successful very efficient day productive
for the productivity at its finest and
right now I'm wearing the new purpose
Merced I got and the new pants that I
got just soul comfy I just stored away
my users right here go out there I'm not
going to touch them until summer I don't
know I got two of them I played myself
but if you enjoyed the vlog today and if
you guys want me to do more crazy stuff
go down mascot like button right now
let's hit 27 thousand likes on this vlog
we'll Sam you guys have absolutely been
killing it lately I know we can easily
hit 27 thousand likes also it commits to
the very end of the vlog I want you guys
to comment down below
Yeezy maybe if you guys comment a
specific type of easy I might get
another page just cuz I'm an absolute
beast
I don't give a shit about shoes but
users are god damn comfortable so
comment your favorite easy or just easy
down below and I will comment back to a
bunch you guys part your comments and if
you guys leave your instagrams and
Twitter's or whatever as well I will
follow a few lucky people and I will be
having a few lucky people as well but
again I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
and I will see you guys doing on more
we'll see where we say a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage yeah
