who is putting the friggin clout house
up for sale good morning welcome back to
more Wolfie yet again I'm feeling good
today so you guys should be feeling good
today too before we begin the vlog you
already know make sure to go down and
smash that like button I'll give you
five I'll give you guys five seconds
today I want to smash it with your pinky
finger on your left hand
five four three two boom today I got the
Gucci shades on so you know I got my gig
gift changing coochie gang Gucci gang
Red Bank gang yo
Fendi gang Fendi gang all I gotta say is
this yo why is this guy driving so loud
this guy interrupts my fuckin Gucci game
breakdown anyways we're going to friggin
Home Depot this morning you got to go
pick up some stuff because we are going
to partially do something that rhymes
with petroi a car what's good quick stop
before Home Depot guys oh my god like
I'm kind of mad I'm using the wide-angle
lens to get this but yo if you look in
front of me this is the craziest view
I've ever seen in LA basically way ahead
like and I mean way ahead you can see
the Hollywood sign is like directly
centered on this street
but apparently like me and Gabe event yo
can you we save the pic we found a pic
on Instagram people trying to get this
pic ever since I was in LA last time
apparently
it might not be real but we've been
trying to find it it says a location
it's not the actual location where it's
like palm trees palm trees palm trees
and then the Hollywood sign in the
middle hold on guys check that out so
that's what we're trying to replicate
we're gonna look for it but if we can't
find up what we're gonna do basically is
we're gonna do a Photoshop job but I
think we'll be able to find it but
basically it's gonna be the Hollywood
sign is gonna be in the middle like
right there and then I'm gonna be in the
middle of the street and there's gonna
be palm trees all around me so we just
pulled over on the side of the road to
get a picture of this just in case you
have to photoshop it I don't think we're
gonna have to photoshop it but this is
more important than getting the supplies
to the main channel video right now
setting up the camera whole like Home
Depot yo Gabe what's the tool we need
needed Hoffman okay so we're gonna go in
here hopefully they speak French and
we're gonna ask if they have a part for
to cost by horse party horse party all
right let's see if we can get this
particle to no filming inside
I would side alright guys I can't vlog
inside or outside so I'll catch you guys
in a bit
that was a lie guys I'm gonna be filming
the whole thing doesn't look like this
is it part 4 - it says sawzall because
it solves all your problems we need one
of this but not with battery we need
electric as the electric is more
powerful so what is this say no more
Gabe thinks this is gonna cut through
something huge this guy's mark out of
his damn are you kidding me like kidding
I swear it says hand blade back at you
Mart it says wood blades omaree alright
so what's next
alright guys so I'm trying to be a
little destructive so I'm looking for a
hammer
aka a sledge hammer I don't have any of
my weapons from Otto out here so not a
saw not a saw Hammer hammer Hammer
hammer
crowbar don't mind if I do hold that can
I break a car I needs a break carpet
yeah the car windows oh god I might need
to get a bigger hammer then yeah how did
you get in the window you got in some
way or another though Oh God well this
will break through the next day I got
probably called somebody yeah you know
you're gonna have to yeah like a huge
baseball swing I'll throw it in here
this is
tomahawk is gonna Java later javelin
throw it in baseball swing to like take
that put it in alright guys so we found
the parse party for spot - yes we can't
rent it though you cannot rent it just
by a hundred bucks
Oh
five times life demolition alert are you
sure this is all yeah now I don't care
what game says we need a safety you
could say we have goggles of the house
but gloves too so we need a few pairs of
gloves a few pairs of glasses and parts
pypy actual swords guys swords swords
and blades
aggressive cuts rope not just regular
cuts aggressive cuts and we found the
mallets biggest W of the day is buying
those extremely big red bulls they only
cost five cents each I don't know how
but I rescan them to make sure it sounds
like you'll what did we buy that was
literally five cents and the Red Bulls
for five cents yeah these are the
biggest red ones you can buy so there's
an obesity problem in there which in the
system alert I'll take that alright guys
so we're literally filming this main
Channel video it's like right there I'm
not gonna show too much of it cuz I
don't want to do much because I don't
want to spoil the video but yo we're
filming part of the video everyone went
inside for like two minutes I come
outside and I see this like are you
kidding me for sale who is putting the
friggin cloud house up for sale this is
ridiculous
yo show yourself I can't believe
Jake Paul snake one well for real guys
what the hell is this who put this up
this is ridiculous
like this is not not okay this is not
this is not just go we actually did get
off 15 points someone DMV today and
they're like yo how much is the
clubhouse goin for sale so there's
actually offers that's the funny thing
it's ridiculous but yeah cut that spit
up guys we're back at Home Depot because
like we needed something you're gonna
see it on the main channel I hate to
leave you hanging like this guys but
like just know that things never go
according to plan on my main channel so
we got to come back to the store back to
the store like I'm not gonna vlog inside
because they hate when people vlogging
here oh you know but yo someone put the
house up for sale not cool snakes mean
jeez why did I just figure out you could
do this with this car turn on not I
swear it just worked hold on let me lock
it lock it like two words click click
Brad knew and know yo this cars actually
lit I might just keep the Ford Explorer
forever and never give it another day
with Noel guys I came back just to get
the hell there's just no one got the L
of the day so this is the L of the day
DIY L we're gonna make a DIY out what do
you say I say I say cut I see you I'm
stressed as if I literally came back to
friggin target for one thing it's not
here we're honestly k I'm gonna be
honest with you guys we were gonna go to
the Beverly Center because I wanted to
show home are the Beverly Center he's
never been here your new la boy right so
we came back we were gonna go to Beverly
Center then I was like nah we'll just go
tomorrow it's pretty late and then I
clicked in closest target and then it
brought me back to this one that's like
it God wants you to fail so now heavy is
you're 11 so I'm looking for a saw in
target and the girl told me to come to
our 32 but if this is the dry cat food
section I think this girl meant actually
I don't know what she meant because I'm
not trying to buy oral care for my cat I
have a dog I don't have a cat anymore
I'm just
yo guys this a might be an L literally
might be like you're fishing you're
gonna use that gonna use that on the
friggin on the Elgin table I might have
to use
you're a single aim if you saw the video
that iPhone like mad time ago I'm
getting really closely with this uh
basically out here I filmed a video for
a meeting game actually cut this
wouldn't why is it out there I don't
know
with this song so now I hit this song in
a secret spot where I could be use it
was the L which means you have to take
off this and this let's see if we can
sign the sky has iPhone cable dangling
from his thing I have to be very very
careful I don't trust myself at this to
be on this world don't switch I don't
trust you I I'm blessed with a song no
no no it's a cup air hockey stick you
know we have to cut like this no watch
your hand at the bottom of the dumbest
thing you have to start get this Oh
where's Gabe when I need him let me do
it it burn let me let me show you all my
hard hard where my aim is send this no
it's Curtis on the wrong side over here
take the count he need to cut off this
one on this one pegging a good cut
towards yourself are you a mod you don't
bro are you yeah yeah your mod I'm
telling you it's in the weirdest
position you can't do it we're taking
else just by doing this no no no what I
said what but I'm Dora
I mean Wyatt better cut your head off
this is dangerous
yeah always on to leave how are you
doing that no no don't mess up y'all
otherwise you're taking me out so guys
never give to guys that do not know how
to work construction tools construction
tools what are you were construction
tools Pro
my lynchburg anything I'm sorry bro
Yolo that II kind of looks like it W and
you know what W means wolf your apps
calm link to the merge link in
description they care right now cop the
merch baby whoa whoa whoa what am I
wearing
oh my god that's wolfy merged wolf yeah
Congo cop this off a freaking hat that
had only the swaggiest kids wear it
Wolfie are calm go get it be the biggest
savage on YouTube
anyways we're
mmm-hmm same thing okay so let me try
all under me I'm just priming painting
okay so where do when do we put the
gasoline on it okay oh you're oh can I
do it bro watch this no no no I swear to
God if that's how you think you're doing
it this is no okay
so you gotta figure it out there's no
nice way you can put it bro
jo jo jo you want to like right here no
no let me do it let me do it let me do
it let me thank you for trying don't lie
I appreciate the time without without my
freaking you got you to die if you miss
one thing off your hands do it do it
ah Gabe we need a pro we could do this
ourselves don't need Gabe we need we
gotta prove to us if we could do it bro
well games watching this vlog so
stressed out yo he was a little keep my
hand you know we could do this program
nope what do we do yo is you feed it to
the rats there's a shower break it
there's a shower okay yeah we'll be back
we'll figure this out guys all it took
was a little bit of teamwork
Omar's hands eres my hands at risk and
just like that Pat we have the L which
is a it's like a bit of a krookodile but
I'll get God gave you figure it out hey
what's supposed to be an L it's not
supposed to be W all right it's not
supposed to be at Navia we got the L we
got honestly L of the date goes to you
go see you can you're gonna give your
wolf em all the hell you there's such a
bad such a bad wolf and get out clearly
handing it to Omari man I don't know who
that is do you know - yeah yeah
sound guys taught to sleep coming soon
I ain't Fraser Francis leave you'll see
the process of his channel oh jeez
shut up Fraser hold on yeah bad this is
literally the most relaxing night of my
life I just turned on the hot tub and I
don't know who did this but I think was
kherington so shout out to Carrington
but she turned on the pool
Peters so I don't know if you guys knew
you could do this but basically the pool
is as hot as the hot tub right now I'm
in the pool by myself kicking back after
a long hard looking day hold up guys the
pool is literally like a hundred degrees
right now and I'm just vibing out right
now Brian's in Jamaica with his mom
the boys are all in Cancun for me I'm in
LA some baby oh look at my lighting
though I can't put my head under the
pool which is like the biggest slap in
the face ever because I don't want to
ruin my twist but it is tempting to put
my head under that friggin waterfall
this water is even hotter coming from
the friggin hot tub Cleo the pool is a
vibe right now hundred degrees jeez oh
god damn guys honestly that swimming
pool like friggin session that solo
session that I had in there was the most
relaxing refreshing thing I have ever
had on this planet literally I don't
know why more people don't go in that
pool it's very underrated but maybe that
is because literally when you have a
pool for so long you've been in it a
billion times when you first move into
the house I feel like I'm a noob with it
probably the same with the hot tub and
everything but yo when the pool is that
hot it's literally an insult to the pool
not to go in anyways just got out of the
pool hair is looking fresh but honestly
Soviet needs to redo this so I'm gonna
go get it done also me and so they have
to discuss all the houses we've been
looking at for her and me while we're in
LA I don't know how long we're gonna be
out here but I've been so busy she's
been so busy I've been trying to film as
many main channel videos as possible
she's been working on her makeup so like
we've been sending all these links back
and forth but we have yet to officially
narrow it down to what we really need
because honestly guys I'm gonna let you
in on a little secret when house hunting
I know a lot of you guys might be super
young but hopefully you remember this
when you get older like me like I'm like
almost 18 I'm still 17 but when you get
to like that age and you're looking for
houses and stuff and you're looking to
move out you're gonna want to dream home
okay everyone's gonna want to dream home
and you're gonna want all these things
in it but you sometimes have to settle
it's a life lesson that I'm learning you
cannot have everything you want okay
literally just like with a car with me
I'm super impatient and I always want
something right away I don't like
waiting and so I don't like customizing
a car to the exact needs that I want
like
say I want like a red interior of my car
just like I want like three bathrooms or
three bedrooms in a house sometimes
you're not gonna get that okay sometimes
you're gonna get two sometimes you're
gonna get green inside your car but what
is important is that you guys need to
know that this is completely fine its
regular this is what I'm even doing
because me and Silvia want like the
perfect house you want the perfect
location want the perfect size you
wanted to allow pets because we got
prints we're bringing Wolfie junior out
so we need that we want the right price
but like Oh sometimes you got to give up
one of these so we're gonna go figure
that out me and Silvia for the rest of
the night I'm gonna end the vlog off
there but you guys are gonna see me in
tomorrow's vlog and I'm gonna be waiting
as hell because my hair's gonna be
redone I know it's a little nappy right
now I hope you enjoyed the vlog if you
did do not forget to go down and hit
that like button guys because I'm
letting you into the wolf and light okay
I'm letting you guys know everything
that we're doing right now so gonna hit
that like button let's hit thirty five
thousand likes on this vlog wolf am you
already know what it is I love you so
much every one of you guys yeah you
watch this vlog right now thank you for
coming back every day and watching the
vlogs you are the best you mean the
world to me wolf fam to life died
comment down below
wolf em and when you guys subscribe to
me because I'm actually curious there's
been a lot of new wolf em coming in and
I want to know I mean I guess you guys
subscribe to me recently but are you
before I decay after I hunted cake
before 50k are you like day one are you
after I've no what are you and I would
be commenting back to a bunch of guys to
do that and I will see that soon on more
Wolfie we stay a little bit more
salaries of my main channel and as
always stay savage yeah go
