good morning al with Khadija where we'll
be welcome back to more Wolfie welcome
back to another vlog hope you have an
amazing day hope you're having an
awesome day hope you're having a more
life day today is more like day guys
Maxo like button if you like music
because today I'm listening to Drake's
album all day nothing else is getting
played on my car nothing else is getting
played on my phone my laptop nothing
arty I've heard the album fully through
probably like twice so far I'm flashing
because I had to focus on my video and
editing but now the days off I'm kicking
it so let's go banging some drink in the
cart I know we don't little sideline
it's so relatable I'll say that being a
month away to attach to go and do that
yes you guys already know I have to put
on my mango hurricane lip balm before I
go anywhere let me try brand yeah look
at you Oh stay loyal to Booster Juice
the only flavor I get and you by the
hand cream the matching hand cream mango
hurricane told me I said I thought I
think I'm buying that and then we talked
to anyone seems like something you did
not buy it here we go guys put the cap
back on anyways we're delivering the
pups will be so excited looking this is
like just take me already
Whoopi is running come on come on come
on
look at this rabbit go run buddy run
this country so you think oh my god
good boy Prince you listen Berlin wolf
guys drink new album has been feeling
like seven different types of emotions
basically here's the first type of
motion Thunder box
it also makes you feel hard some other
fucking text lamp
we don't need in there about an x-man it
also makes me feel like this and it also
makes me feel like that
the strain crack then you me Pat it
right away trying to fill the dogs
process I love drinking soviet-built
coffee in my car because I was driving
too fast
yeah goom's like that now you have to go
there to go get wipe there's so much
expected like why are you trying to read
here three packs of unscented baby wipes
alert let's get it
shut up to all the fans I just met in
dollar EMA guy's hilarious I just met
like a two-year-old fan the good dope
selfies you guys feed on Instagram
please smash the like button your what
are you getting to eat just because I'm
wondering guys keep these nachos look at
his hand shots but then again tell me
how like six knock over ten bucks please
no one knows also jackasses free like
they have literally all these hot rocks
that you can choose from behind each
table so you have so much less even
brought us another one and Tabasco sauce
whole leaf let me do a taste test for
you guys hold on BBQ chicken nachos
always make sure to snapshot your meal
before you eat ago kids loaded mashed
potatoes a burger I will see you guys in
two seconds when I finish a meal
actually hold up look Toby I got chicken
fingers and french fries in two years
old okay bye
I finished it guys the meal is done I
even eat the rest associate No thank God
they have a couch here
kids don't you have to deal with can you
get up please
open all right I'm just having a meal
with someone who's sleeping beep snoring
snoring okay go get out challenge okay
that was garbage
that's very so bad you got to stop I'm
not going to do it that's slippery socks
is difficult if you can't go you can't
do it inside
okay whatever Greece worth could you cut
I know it's not serious you're actually
doing it okay hit marks in the Congress
ever do they do anything you can't do it
inside like a tree soggy you think I do
to be stuck you can't do it is it my
favorite song you can't do it on
hardwood floor that's the problem you
need to be outside with shoes so you can
cut now you look like a fool that's why
I can do guys why do I look so mad at my
new passport photo I would be scared of
myself to be honest holy shit and my
hair lines so crooked I didn't get a cut
i'm cheese i'm probably gonna have
issues going to Ogdensburg now the guy's
going to look at the password you can
include this goon on but kids are this
but guys I bought these swerve balls
from the store these are these I've seen
on tv products so basically they look
like this and you're supposed to be able
to curve them like this I've seen people
throw some crazy knuckle balls for boys
and girls so your boy can play luckily
because I'm a girl and there's three
four balls in here I just like the name
for so basically we're going to try a
quick throw a sinker I think I'll do a
knuckleball guys so I don't really know
how to control this ball but let's see
what rolling yeah
the hall okay knuckleball like this and
like it it supposed to curve guys or
something outside okay we're done with
these four balls guys I'm taking them
back to the store you don't work what
the hell was this one more knuckleball
oh my god
okay guys these are a sham if you ever
see these knuckle balls there's
waterfalls at the store
they're rip off do not buy them I mean
I'll try and throw them outside I'll
bring them with me right now but dongle
is coming to school me real quick and
we're going somewhere and then I'm going
to come back and try together yo can we
play that new jiggy what what song is it
if it's the song I saw on all your guys
snapchat three times each day we made a
heart songs or one mug the weakest none
so I got a late skin song in this yeah
you're in your feelings vocal your hurt
my girl we late honey we're we're not
hurt my girl yo
okay you guys know copyright kid David
and Ryan are throwing on we have
knuckleball Kol go but don't I don't
know but don't hit me or Yvonne go go
just know that these balls don't move
like they're not gonna work and don't
mind if you lose it curveball
alright curveball pitch number one pitch
them out strikeout
so nothing after the life yo give me
this look no I'll come I'll see the
curve from here bro Ryan knuckleball
coming okay I don't know how I like this
okay I don't know if you guys saw that
throw but it worked okay it like it went
down like this and then curved up this
way but the camera turned out a memory
side reset KO their car coming so can I
go I'm going knuckleball see the knuckle
because it's a float umbrella
knuckleball was old K go okay go go go
curved this way oh it cruise right times
ah almost draw hail a ball yeah that was
a ball oh that curve to the right
Gail give me one more throw I don't want
to hit that boy we have to throw lower
yeah throw low throw low but don't hit
me no hit me okay go go go go here then
don't hit a house on oh shit
case you're a fastball okay hold up stay
go go go yeah yeah go look okay you're
not shaking anyone out okay curve down
on okay Ryan's doing the best so just
keep going yellow ball
oh it was at this moment that evening he
fucked up did I hit a car we're done
we're done when I say we're done we're
done with that laughter oh can we just
use it during low
oh fuck
then release on kind of curve down low I
just chucked it at the ground - yeah
it's your last row laughter oh the day
bro
these toys are old I'm throwing them out
they're called sweet balls though let's
get watching baseball hey you get a
throw to the right at this high Ryan's I
like her mom luck right cool to win in
the snowbank right here guys well one
any curve from over there who is playing
Mario Party if you win I give you $10
who are you Russia do yoshi pls card
with you bro not you hey come on come on
- one two one two one one where are you
David David who are yo yo yo yo oh
you're Luigi I can give you money
Louise is the worst one guys let's go
David let's go here Oh No hey nice move
it up me Pete ha ha hey see this that
peak you need a belt a maybe when I'll
give you ten bucks
nice oh hey oh oh yeah Wow
absolutely I never had time on the next
ones well okay last one if Ryan wins 50
bucks the honesty of Rheinland $300 $300
oh we're diggin if you wanna go this
one's way yo
trying to stay in the middle just stay
in the middle stay in the middle
yo no no no you know you know you know
yeah hey yo yo yo yo double-team oh you
know you want to get here so now I'm
going to be in the mall do this come get
you now I got you you got idea oh
there's a magic mother what 26 seconds
like this is boring area do something
crazy
come on the riot 300 I go letter window
that I know letter with you you didn't
win so no 300 how do we a solid win okay
so guys we had to type deal yesterday
we're just talking about like recreating
cute couples poses and I was like yo
don't be fun to do with my dog so
basically I picked out a list I feel
about it it's like I'm getting her place
what dog video right now Prince's
already shaking it's cold down here but
uh hopefully he works if not we'll have
to transition to Wolfie
but again I'm going to say that dog is a
chihuahua he shakes like when my kids
were you doing the first pose she's fine
is boom as you guys can see I am holding
Prince up and Prince is looking down at
me like you trying to kiss me so that's
reenacted thank you lady okay
I have to be standing up here we go
Prince good knee put your hands on my
shoulder his arms aren't long on little
kid telling him to put his arms on your
shoulders as Harris we're going to win
pretty leg got to be
your most read the vote here we go three
two one Robin you're happy
good good yeah I could be stretched out
pretty far don't you think it you look
like you're doing the Simba thing okay
well let's take a pass on that one guys
sounds good yeah we won that one day a
child next to and printable I friends
killed it next position oh my god boom
this is it it's on the screen you can
see it now guys this one's a little more
intimate it involves me sitting on the
couch chilling the douchey guy and then
my girlfriend aka Prince being to be on
top of me this is what worker Hewitt
okay let's try it out great you have a
sexual here you could grab my shirt when
I won my shirt and what I'm doing
princes one position that you can do in
necklace she just wants a girdle just
look at me just look at me look at me
and this is the problem if he doesn't
look at people in the eye soccer video
why would you look at me please
hey hello God can you look at me okay
aunty here we go perfect how's it when I
was back principally what are you three
doing she's doing same thing as before
so okay this was a look at prints like
you're about to kiss them and be really
close oh yeah there you go my good it
totally looks like it oh yeah guys good
job friend two more Celtic Ranger closes
can you get dad did shake if you can do
it no I'm fine Oh Jamie coming the boy
good boy cut a lot okay this one's gonna
be hard bull he ran in guys
does it look at this one how's it going
to work his principal girl or the guys
who commute ago no friends be the guy
and just put them on the ground and then
you go do the guy surrender bluffing
living employee Lee put your hands up
anything okay here we go quick look at
me good this case does not like it okay
whoa giggling ah
Hilda Hilda everything are you cold
yeah it's kind of cold down here you can
get a job them either you go good boy
princey will he like do a better job
though we got two more poses I'm going
to do them with Wolfie because Prince
hey Prince sure it's the only movie I
was going to say you're more Livi's are
you what are you doing here good Hey
good boy good boy Prince are you over
there come to mama
so the next pose boom is this one aka
Wolfie is going to be putting his are
putting his legs around me and I got to
kiss him and wolfies actually really
good at this because he can do this
watch and hug me watches like maybe
tonight / right it's nice doing it okay
you got that yeah I need to be a little
bit a good hug standing up like this
standing up okay
whoopee ready three two one kick kick
okay okay this will be good and you did
it did you get it yeah okay we'll be get
one for the thumbnail and the last pose
is last but not least the classic couple
photo I feeling this one's it's a stock
image everywhere basically Wolfie is in
front of me and I'm hugging him from
behind will sees the girl cuz he has
longer hair than me here we go ready
wolf I need to see the post okay just
wow wow wow he looks like he's being
strangled he doesn't look happy
nobody is looking it okay boy yeah good
boy
well today I'm not wrap it up for free
and acting cute couple poses with my
puppies Prince why are you scared of
life keyloggers witness knows how to
cuddle that y'all don't hold him like
that
okay we'll do this pose what is really
do it is maze anyway guys you could
definitely eat his head and so tonight
watch Keeping Up with the Kardashians
yeah so do you want to watch it I didn't
finally got it Kim get draw up today or
not no she tells the story of when she
got robbed she ready got robbed okay
please you guys already know what it is
keeping up the Kardashians is on it's
the big episode I am going to personally
watch it but personally not going to
watch it mainly Sylvia is going to watch
it but check this out I gotta be quiet
guys hold on Jon
hey guys did you pocket he was robbed in
Paris still numb and in shock Kim fled
Paris quickly after the incident to
rejoin her husband in New York Ryan you
get to the executive producer not Todd
the executive produce a positive for a
second guys I need to be watching two
things right now Shaun hit a million two
days ago or like a day ago but today is
a big day because it's 9 o'clock right
now Dustin is at or you guys know him as
Jeff Dustin is at this guy is currently
at 9 9 5 2 to 7 so he has less than 5
thousand subscribers so he's less than
five thousand subscribers away from the
big one Milly but check this out
chad with jay as you guys can see
chad is at nine nine two four eight
eight four eight nine is going up as we
speak but he is dropping a video today
so both of them are trying to do their
final push today if it doesn't happen
today well technically it's going to
happen tomorrow but like tomorrow i mean
like after twelve o'clock today so i'm
going to be watching this subscriber
count' and partially watching the Kim
Kardashian episode we'll be exploring
that's wine making popcorn over their
website so my mind is going to be
wandering throughout the whole time but
if they get close I'm going to go to the
boys house and then obviously hook them
up with the last push that they need
because I know the wolf em is crazy you
guys help Sean hit it in like five
ninety five minutes like three minutes
so we're gonna make the final push if
they are close so let's start watching
this episode yeah top I hate that you're
okay don't mind if I do
delicious what are you hmm
Prince Prince are you watching it of
course
well sit if you're watching it he's
watching it so guys keeping up with the
kardashians was blessed we we watched it
Kim had some things to say it was
emotional
Silvia cried I did not cry yeah so we
almost cried lochia one of the parts I
realized after watching my first episode
that Kanye doesn't really give a shit
about the show but I guess it is sort is
you kind of like when Silvia snapchats
and then I'm in the snapchat and I just
don't look kind of like looks like but
anyways I'm on GTA with the boys a
little bit of an update Dustin is that
997 thousand so he's like under 3000
away dad is like five thousand away but
what the plan is is I'm going to end the
blog off now and restart it off so
tomorrow's intro is lit but we're all
going to push on Instagram live jazz
final like 5,000 subscribers if we can
do that but I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog if you did make sure to smash that
like button how many likes so yeah and
you watch the Vagos and watch the Miller
3000 okay we're at 27,000 now 27
thousand likes on this vlog also comment
down below made it this far
Congrats just Dustin and Chad with Jay
because both of them should be out of
mail by tomorrow's vlog and I will see
you guys soon all more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage on my main
channel and as always say savage like
