good morning a yo what's get your boy
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie hold
up all hail king savage okay we're good
I love you and let's go you guys do not
know the true addiction that your boy
has to Booster Juice these days
literally I just texted Ryan I was like
BJ this guy's like let's do it so now
I'm literally picking this guy have to
go get Booster Juice that's how much we
crave it and it's not even near my house
at all guys so we are really missioning
out here to go get this Booster Juice
but all I gotta say is we got a feeling
so away wait didn't we see X over the
place
total wait I gotta get myself together
and date
always fresh the best wait I think my
nuts the bet on a face you'll watch
overlooked or so don't step on the
easies oh that clothes got my crazy-ass
people easy dirt get everyone watch out
you know everybody just don't step on
the easiest hi Monty easy Frank not easy
like you're not even Easy's I know it
seems like this fake easy alert here as
usual guys when you come to Booster
Juice you have to get the grass every
time I come here I
and eat it because you build up before
you actually the Booster Juice
and check it out I picked up this mango
hurricane cream it's like five bucks it
was out of counter you know your real
Booster Juice fan if you're going to get
the mango hurricane smoothie as well as
the cream and the lip balm that's how
your fucking real savage by the way
Swayze's right here he just picked it up
too but the creamy I want to try that
here so me and I on our outside of East
Side Mario's or Mario's I never knew how
to pronounce it trying to figure out
which pasta to get there is a spaghetti
and meatballs there's a there's a
carbonara a goat cheese which I'm not
doing I don't know I don't know what
we're doing guys are just craving pasta
I'm looking on the menu because I don't
want to go into sit-down spot I'm not
going to go ahead and order and then cut
so I'll let you guys know bullshit
grazie it's a chow but I'm throwing all
the stereotypical shit in an untenable
but a big as he's calling right now even
though we're right outside
I'm blocking my traffic right now hey I
was wondering if I could pick up to
Mario spaghetti and meatballs acanti
coats pick up more like um hunt club
tongue club tongue club yeah yeah
correct
perfect um you know how much this okay
20 minutes okay sounds good um salad
please
actually what kind of soup stew you guys
have okay I get Italian Italian ready
yes uh yes please no no it's okay and he
said 20 minutes
yeah perfect thank you so much thank you
a great day for hard to get it we
haven't have a great day right guys if
you don't know Jake's dropping his album
today calm or life so everything we say
more life comes after it what back I
don't know if it's the right location
though lesbians is it okay we're here
guys we just gotta wait for 20 minutes
for them to cook up our gigantic hose
the guy knew Ryan's name this is ready
this is friendly I'm coming back here
100% well I'm excited to eat this meal
guys the guy cooked it with so much love
this cannot be bad so me and Ryan are
about to feast on unreal first one to
eat is a rotten egg the last one to eat
it the guy said we couldn't finish it
and on the website it's like you can't
finish it so check this out
three two one through here finished Tony
I got you you know you're shooting at
just Dustin video and you clean out the
whole rack of sparklers guys two racks
no more on to the next spot more life
just drop guys I am banging it right now
and I'm changing some of my like
subtitles for my videos shout out to all
the people that sent in the subtitles
gotta run to the store really quick to
go get something for Dusty's videos boys
it stings
Wolfie is sleeping on a steep at what
are you doing buddy what are you doing
you don't sleep where you pee good boy
you like more what do you like more life
yeah he likes it so guys I'm filming
with Dustin right now but while we wait
I picked up bean boozled because Dustin
had to go get some July be like a ragu
my aka gelatin from balck burn I was
like you know what I was going to be
boozled challenge since like the old
David parody days with all of team
elbows so why not give it a try and they
actually have a new exclusive flavor I
think it's dead fish yeah so it's dead
fish yeah that's the game okay come on
here we go guys so if you don't know
what bean boozled is basically there's a
spinny thing all you got to do is flick
it and there's two colors for each of
these jelly beans in here anything so
there's a good flavor or a battery I
don't know there's no hot so basically
the blue ones I'll tell you the flavors
basically the blue one can either be
berry blue or toothpaste which are both
are like they're both pretty good juicy
pear or booger strawberry banana
smoothie which you probably like or dead
fish chocolate pudding or can
dog food Wolfie I just licked his lips
wolf is hungry Dustin those are dog food
tastes like to do is brutal there's a
few more flavors that I think no yep we
got buttered popcorn or rotten egg lime
or lawn clippings peach or barf and barf
is probably the fuck the worst am I
gonna barf it might you member who had
the black egg no there's no black egg or
coconut and spoiled milk
I had a black the water is gonna boil
soon so hurry up and spin okay mom you
go first
did you were you here without blocking
yeah I was there no you weren't I was
there I was there I was freaking I
promise house they're real where's the
water I know it's not like a dead body
smelled like a dead body k go spin mom
mom okay there you go
okay stronger you're dead fish okay so
the color you're looking for noise that
one what is that which is this one one
of these no it's like the orange ones
it's an orange color that's that's a
peach you wanted nuts no look I say what
is this one
it's this one what there is a pink you
guys were blind I swear everwood's
colorblind here it's like a brownish
color brown and red like that one this
one yeah right which is this one kid go
take that strawberry banana smoothie or
dead fish you're okay today you can't
smelling it's not gonna help it kicks in
like in five seconds any half that you
ate and finish it you should know by now
Wow
YouTube personality right here guys okay
that's dead fish doesn't look that bad
okay dad goes next that's awful mom you
know it's not one spin yeah we didn't
didn't see it didn't happen
that's how YouTube works I hope you get
spoiled milk yes I had a good one who
can dog food Brown here you go
there's only one flavor for that no it's
not it could be chocolate pudding just
canned dog food the thing about this
games they put no chocolate pudding it's
like 90% canned dog food well that is a
troll that's known as because it's
terrible it is it bro whoever made this
game is trolling at home okay that's how
you dog
that's nice house wolfy come on foul go
to the stinky socks bro and that one is
like like purple and blue ones yeah it
is yeah stinky socks I've never had I
think that might be a new addition to so
what was the good one tutti frutti you
like Shawn Shawn Shawn doesn't know for
10 seconds he's like Oh stinky socks two
seconds you can taste the difference so
what is that if it's stinky socks and
I'm questioning who the hell you are
it's kind of low-key like stinky socks
who the hell is this yeah are you why
you like it I don't know hold this and
let me let me do one I've no more
exciting y'all yeah I don't know
here we go bar oh no no no this is the
one that you can say my bro barf is my
worst favorite worst favorite that's
actually a thing wish it what color is
it
least least favorite get it get it get
it this just looks like barf and I'm 17
oh look at this one it looks like barf
guys smash the thumbs up button right
now for good luck I'm praying this is
get Charles midnight over because it's
gonna be where they use cow bar okay
relax
okay listen man don't enhance DK 3 2 1
go yeah you don't know that's peach no
that's peanuts beef thank you for the
thumbs up
mom go told you I got wolf am good luck
you got two more spins each speed round
oh yes well these be spoiled milk so a
white one coconut err spoiled no that's
got to be the worst of my mind I never
had it but I can just feel it
go swelling is not gonna change your mom
no worries love you smelling your breath
so by boobie yeah breathing at wolfies
vote he's like oh that's nice Kim dogs
wait no yes then good job that was dead
fish it was one of these ones although
maybe you should try some new the booger
was kind of in between yeah you can try
the booger if you want one of these
green ones yeah there's these two at the
same time yeah take them both what do
you mean take them both because you
landed in the middle this one both I
know it's this one I think no no no no
no no has red spikes on his luck at some
bad flavors would come on maybe that
would be no that's peach know that not
as you go to one at a time not to if
you're not a bad economy which was not
which what is that which one is that
picture is that which is that which is
Ling monitor Denise fishing burgers did
you the food is bad both bad yes oh you
know what suicide around next round we
picked three don't look at the flavors
like that
I'll just go it's nasty okay go go go
that's the middle you gotta take both ah
moldy have some only cheese and spoiled
milk that's like the same thing yeah
yeah kind of FML corn or moldy cheese
I'm already asleep have you played this
before you know what fucking 100% wall
cheese I like it raw take the other with
the spoiled milk X craving my throat
because I want you the right yeah you
played yourself yeah that's gone yeah ah
like a watch come on did it with a bad
one
oh you smell that would you have it I
could smell that one dies bad no the
worst one is is skunk's breath no fish
drunks comes at 1000 this is the worst
no no skunk scent is actually you smell
skunk coming out of their mouth not in
this game but in a different version hey
fucking sleep okay give me this I'm not
gonna be that is so I eat an extra one
on the next no no no I'll do three or
make up productive
ya know I'm not gonna lie man are really
since no squirrel milks the worst one I
haven't real that smell like baby hair
and dog food and rotten egg rotten egg I
don't think oh oh you can you know this
one's canned dog food by the fucking
brown there I'm not doing wonder if you
inspected the different like the ones if
you can figure it out
Kiki last last one canned dog food and
run egg come on Nick what color is our
Nick right much ones are neg good let's
this one is yellow one here yeah oh here
we go rotten egg
what's the good side of rotten egg
buttered popcorn that I would like I
feel like that's wrong either way okay
canned dog food dog food it is but there
you go that's one egg smell it Lorna
wolfy that's really bad I can oh yeah
I'm gonna do one because you guys are
over exaggerating I haven't been this
bad my breath smells so bad like to
smell it
yeah it's dog food it makes with rotten
egg okay laughs because you're so
champion ah take take all these three
days ago
you don't just swallow it just chew them
take them all to the face you know what
I need a blue one toothpaste hey hey
I'll just lose only one that's it
there's no bad what's the battle green
what's the bad for blue toothpaste
oh it's like blue big rock toss me a
blue in lime no no lion lawn clippings
is not bad you can't get green I got
berry blue there you go
I could still taste the spoiled milk I'm
goggies I got every single one I'm not
taking all of them just do it Oh No Wow
well fam I'm disappointed in my mom okay
spit four times when you take for it or
right now go I didn't want to eat for
stinky socks
Charles no to turnigy socks aren't bad
canned dog food three ooh
okay lawn clippings you might get four
lines are not bad yeah these are pretty
good the dog food one you don't have
peach or barf I'll bargain dog food
rotten egg and spilled milk after ski
trip CACO actually it's me but Oh take
it off take it off
that's cool just don't swallow your fine
yes video just for the taste well 500
bones wow she really did it you're
working with peer pressure were you know
Oh whoopee likes it well if you want
something how is it there's a bar one in
there yeah I'm not no guys we're gonna
finish Dustin's video I'm calling Ryan
yo yo yo
hit me with the loudest suey you can
coming and then suing the times all
wrong like I state a bitch does just
bestest okay that's it probably include
that a mile truck alright guys so we're
switching up the location for my video
now we're moving to go out or just Merc
to my hip we're going outside okay it
involves us going outside you will see
why we're going outside on the video
drops on my main channel
it's a banger that's all I gotta say
what a long day guys holy I came home to
this munchkin barking at me
this guy loves to sleep on my neck sold
up print coming Tommy so camera shy here
you go like I said I came home to this
munchkin who's kissing me finally he
rates me after like months of me being
nice to him now so anyways I'm home now
I just dropped Dustin off and we
finished the video goes holy crap just
probably was like one of the longest
videos I've ever shot in my whole life
but this is probably gonna be one of the
best videos I've ever dropped on my main
channel in my whole life there was a few
complications that happened with it but
it was pretty good so I'm gonna end the
vlog off there what the hell Wolfie how
did you get out of bed so you jumped are
you going Pete oh well if he's going pee
and he just peed over stop oh my god
what are you doing oh and he's trying to
quit no I'm gonna end the vlog off there
guys
smash the like button if you have it
already let's hit 27 thousand likes on
this vlog but a bean boozled challenge
already know what it is Wolfie you are
literally tracking pee on
right now as we speak I can feel your
warm paws this is disgusting comment
down below wolfy what are you doing what
are you doing wolfy and I will come back
to a bunch of guys that do that because
this is being so mad weird right now
both a I love you but you just peed on
yourself and I will see you guys soon
are more wolfy will we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage leggo and I think I'm
going to Augsburg tomorrow again
what is life anymore guys I need to move
to the States
