good morning a yo what's good at your
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
guys I wanted to show you guys something
I didn't get to mention in yesterday's
vlog but today I can mention it I was
opening fan mail yesterday I came across
a really really really really great
drawing done of your boy wolfy check
this out
I want to give a huge shout out to
Lavelle I think that's how you pronounce
it li ve le shout out to LaBelle go
follow those L on YouTube basically it
just blows L TV but look at this drawing
of yeah boy wolfy appreciate that Jesus
with the adidas hat this is pretty damn
accurate guys it's a little bent up
because of the mail but check this out
this is ridiculous such a good drawing
holy crap so again shout to Lavelle also
I got a pokemon card hold on I let it
focus King Wolfie you see me stick
figure looking at and it says savage
infinity you lose all your savageness
because I felt I was this wrong but I'll
let it slide and I got unlimited HP and
this is me so that's all I'm certain my
deed I'm going through my mom's right
now I'm gonna bring this friggin dog
that blends in with the carpet right
there he wants to come with me I'm
editing today it is an edit date but
there's a lot of stuff that I have to do
at my mom's house I have to help clean
because last night me and Dustin were
there until I think like 6 a.m. filming
a video from my channel and I cleaned up
all the basic mess but there was still
one part and I'll show you what we go to
my long service that I left dirty and I
gotta clean it up so let's go this is
the mess that I'm talking about guys I
just got to my mom and check it out oh
my god there's not only gummy but there
is paper towels weapons here so I'm
gonna clean this is all mostly only like
10 minutes I don't know Wolfie jr. went
this guy was here or something I my
brother's home right now my sister's
home right I got saw my dog
and voila all clean king lion do you
think to the blog nothing all right
Ryan's been wearing the same focus for
like 3 days in a row
what with your shorts rope you swear
Wolfie short take Wolfie shorts off bro
it's not summer 16 yeah I got it don't
take school today
well guys everyone calm down below stop
wearing those shorts Ryan
I can't wear them like at all over
10,000 Parma and I'll do something crazy
commented start wearing those green
color okay stop wearing those sweat
shorts please please comment it and
giving every biggest thing for anyway
anyways and change the Hat Vijay's hat
guys go here cut no sweet onion here
okay anyways guys were here to take a
thumbnail then I don't know I don't need
this I should get printed this because
this guy's a ladies man what I do need
to get here is pee pads from our mom's
house but because my mom and my sister
always look after the dog so I can at
least pay for the supplies I'm gonna get
the extra large ones these ones are
going to last longer and Wolfie doesn't
know how to pee yet guys almost one year
old in human years which is like it's
six or five or seven
I don't comment it down below how many
dog uses human ear says this is seven
I'm too lazy to look at our Ryan's were
seven so much again
calming it down below but uh this guy is
he's almost one year old human years and
the twos we got princess had turned into
a a mod 1 that is peas now so gotta get
him a big fat shoutout Ellen for being
in the dog store come shop with me guys
today we're doing groceries on who's
basics I'm going to show you how to live
a healthy diet wolfy life now let's go
first thing on the list
he's a milk oh he needs some milk chill
person I recommend but I usually drink
skim milk or this is for my girlfriend
and I broke your heart this chicken over
your gate stores do you lose actually
people thank you
and that's it got you guys next time
I'll save it for an update again guys do
not come to this place when you're
getting dirty I don't read it you have
to beg your own shit when you have to
beg your own shit I don't really you're
missing how over this way was it coup
d'etat non-stop me fucking beg my police
in Russia so guys me and ran are hungry
but we want Tripoli if you guys live in
Ottawa you know that there's like one
Chipotle I just opened downtown and like
the most busy mall retail center so I'm
gonna see if I can skip the dishes if
it's not then I'm kind of gonna be cheap
and I don't leave it as cheap cold late
the more I type in the deeper it goes up
you win some you lose some
we lost it closes in an hour but I'm not
trying to drive downtown so now I got to
figure out something else
no let's all Brito gringo I'm down
burrito gringo alert all right guys what
is not having a blog where we are
reacting to dumb shit you have no being
lazy baby lazy because of satirizes if
you haven't already link at the top of
the description basically it's my
brother you guys don't know if less
better-looking brother let's get to the
news
let's get right yours is an autocorrect
fail so you'll ask about great chances
of jobs okay basically we're asking to
some stupid autocorrect sales that
actually ruin people's life I don't
really need to say more but you guys
love these reactions to go down master
life but like it's a main Channel video
because the mobile Fiat is I want a
hundred thousand likes because I'm on
the channel and I will do all right onto
the tou1
he owes you it okay here we go anyway
Kirkland I'm in bed all sleepy I love
Poulos that was what to say you and not
losers
I only like Hulu as a friend but it's
just jiggle bring it we're just gonna
keep moving forward yes Dorian just a
joke sir like Ted you're old school new
baggage
no TV no editing Rogers on the Meho
anyways garbage have you seen the movie
Bad Teacher no that's probably what
we're going to watch on Friday and it
looks really funny cool judges right
being stupid autocorrect hell of us
right now
how'd you get cool vaginas from being
cool beans
how does be in this vagina I'll let you
do a two second act it out okay I'll
tell you real estate cool I'm texting
Silvia cool beans
so I give the Beanstalk be cousin before
it know the vagina
that just means whoever respecting been
saying the giant yeah what is the cool
vagina Nicole - Janet 6pp let you get
close done anyway very actions oh wow
LMFAO it is yo early off topic when I
seen this the other day I died rofl baby
robots laughing there's like a longer
one is everything rock concert no get
out all this other ones we're laughing
at
ro ro smle males are all aluminum so
with Robin now as well yeah roflcopter
did you just make that up
good god the big green card if you don't
roflcopter in okay it doesn't actually
mean shit just like adding coffee oh
okay well it's a helicopter made of rock
only only 2000 kids will know what I'm
talking about
roflcopter - see that's weird next X I
have to work day ever
oh sorry hon I just want you to fix me
when I get home and make you forget all
about it
shopping that's not sharp people when is
it Texas
haha kiss me lol oh these are laughing
down okay look at that jump is this is
like emo person that's like a evil
person
so that's the whole text if you do
shocked faces like that you didn't live
in a cave
Mogi so anyways Mac Mac don't feel like
crap you ever try taking some day oh my
god I'm on vaycay ever taking some big
oh my god fall I am Elphaba they're
working right now this is a voting book
yeah yeah tell your father I'm open I
think the last the way the kite laughing
is worse than other Craig oh that's the
only bars you say ball I'm like I'm
laughing
there's ow it's one whoever attacked we
but you tell us over there I go well
peepers they're not young kid second
I'll tell ya I don't like feeling or it
should be called not autocrat feels
shitty care jokes fuck
anyways haha I can 21 two weeks ago I
also lost my job but it's all good
oh wow absolutely a birthday thing sorry
about the HIV Wow
sorry about the job it was I was
corrected HIV what ha ha ha
they're bad the prints most cringe text
okay if you think dirt I don't fuck with
you here I think there's oh yeah
there what is it man is like whatever
it's like your look you separate that
your dirt near there I'm sure they're
under up dirt look you're such a jerk
look every day shit ain't here it's like
they're six dumb
so your soldier okay you're like you
have nothing to say difference is what
you have nothing to say so they get like
to a right-hander burps if you say no
her food is over see you have a let you
know so you in you life I shit in my
dick yard trollolol whoa what is
laughingly told my team is like what is
lucky do it I'm like I'm shitting blows
or something
wouldn't that be line up that he should
never have a lineup
he's backyard here I shave my vagina
kept would live how doc laughs drum
cheeks is that it was the try not to
laugh compilation great Shalala
lol oh look at you two please okay okay
that's a lot of crap not messing you up
this laughing is meant to protect let's
draw a little bit yeah trying to find an
exit like doesn't have it even crazy
laughing but you fucked it up dying out
here I'll be home in five you're not I
am licking your butt up holy Sh you know
I mean locking design on the box
bring it bring power do you have to type
it before the Navy auto crash so her
mom's blinking there's that that's like
that big eyes you have double
autocorrected pop button or you think
socks various we have artificial
intelligence he'll learn it doesn't just
link ball modern or I'm licking your bum
out someone at Google is a freak
whoever sexy is like the daughter or the
son whoever respecting the mom now knows
then prepares our naughty oh here we go
here but up one is actually on iMessage
cookies are supposed to piss me off the
greens eggs
you guys know the green bubble pops up
your oh I don't check the Android phone
like I don't eat red meat
what up I eat like growing beef and
that's it ground
what the fuck oh my god that sounds so
bad what's great oh well sounds like
Peter who are these friends and there's
a positive daughters because it's a
who's who
why do you text that bingo book is two
more maximum I handle this anymore bad
I just ripped a huge hole in my shirt
money my shit
shaft jin-sang damn you shark so fuck
what first hand it creates an
autocorrect I know when I mess up
something it's just like the same word
like shaft we do it one like 40 times
damage your shoes
what's apartment and then the
conversation just it just ends after
that so probably crazy damage are those
balls flu today if you like keep them
long enough if you kick them long enough
what kind of t-shirt are you into I
really hope you meant lick ha ha ha ha
ha yes
autocorrect heel ok guys I'll bat don't
we're done Oh Oh Lord God I took Ryan
home me and Sylvia are back here and you
know I was talking about the Hamburger
Helper I think it was like yesterday's
vlog Sylvia actually ended up making it
cuz I picked up milk from the store and
this is what we're working with I'm
about to help her drain it jeez if I
didn't eat that burrito before this I
would be marking this right now so this
was going to be sure like breakfast
tomorrow morning I'm super excited I
don't know why you guys never get the
feeling when you crave Hamburger Helper
ok no and maybe it's just me the dogs
are actually good actually right now
prince has been waking me more and more
as the days go by but we've decided he
is officially like parts awawa he's not
a marquis so we thought that he would be
different looking he's so cute obviously
still Prince but look at it yeah he's a
chihuahua I thought we had a thing and I
was going to say 50 potential but
honestly at this point he might as well
be bowl like 100% Chihuahua and a bit
knocking 97 come true oh I'm like three
percent like garbage can quickly is just
found the garbage he's so cute but like
his fur is so thin yes Benjamin Button
syndrome I don't know any Benjamin why
are you aging backwards yeah boy okay
start getting attention buddy well keep
telling you love you but we'll see the
fluffy one and princes are the one guy
okay watch this guy's whoopee kick hey
kiss you knows you learned it kamalii
prince down to boy today has been a
weird day because I haven't really done
too much I've just been like hovering
around doing whatever the day calls my
name but tomorrow is going to be late
l because Drake drops his album well I'm
pretty sure he dropped it he said he's
dropping at the 18th oh I'm assuming
you're dropping into 18 it's Drake you
can't keep us waiting any longer text me
back I'll text if you keep curving me so
very upper wolfy you know my number okay
bro just just leave me the album before
you leak it so I can do a reaction video
and get more famous okay I appreciated
Drake oh good okay I've been editing for
like the past three hours but I
literally still have so much ahead of me
for some reason I don't know why so I'm
gonna end the blog out there I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did make sure to go
down and smash the like button let's hit
27 thousand likes on this video we'll
film you already know what it is it's
fucking lit comment down below if you
made it to the end of the vlog loyal
wolf Sam okay loyal wolf mi will be
commenting back to it should a lot of
people that do that shows me that you
guys actually made it and you care about
your boy wolfy so I gotta show you guys
love back and I will see you guys soon
lot more will be where we stay a little
bit more savage my main channel and as
always stay savage
that's like a whole
