good morning ay yo what's good boy won't
be welcome back to another vlog guys
basically the avoid just ordered some
breakfast in today is also a very
disgusting day outside it's pretty
smugly the weather's not the best being
so we are just watching some work Sark
go check yourself I tried getting some
like vegetable stir-fry with some extra
chicken from this pho place and then
they charged me three dollars for these
four little shrimp chores like mini
shrimp gave me an extra amount of peanut
sauce and we got some egg rolls and then
I got Sofia some sold or some flip I'm
excited to eat this it's like a switch
up of what you regularly order I've been
trying out this new app which you should
I'm not gonna say it but yes should
definitely sponsor you boy that Dow say
it but uh let's try out a practical
piece mmm guys you know how I said I use
this for a video well today's the day
your boy is returning this back to the
store where it rightfully belongs
because it doesn't work that well I just
picked up Swayze Brian please column is
like I said I don't have a receipt for
this so I think I only get a refund in
the store so if that's the case I'm
going to fucking find a whole bunch of
worthless shit to buy with money I make
for this alright guys this is all the
guys in the cash office for like
treacherously even though I show them my
bank came and they can't do anything
until essentially tomorrow after you
before three o'clock at 3:30 so I kind
of played myself you can return it
guys comment down below which shoes you
want david has to minimally scale their
comment down below which ones you want
me to comment succeeding yeah those are
my shoes comment down below the loyal
wolf am I still standing stuff to the
PIO box even though I told you guys I'm
still in the process of getting the
address which because this place is
inconvenient but had time to go today
picked up a package for albo excuse me
and we're going to unbox it in three two
one
alright time to open this package here
we go guys this is what I will be making
today
DIY bouncy balls I'm going to go to the
boys house about sabitch Eck this out I
don't want to break it whatever is in
the package home to the poster alert
nothing else we're good pull this off
the last eat Oh
laminated no way this wavy yeah yeah
I'm writing this novel raunchy rich um
cheese guys like towering above Gaudi
retiring about honey broken furnace
what's up coke what happened condensed
milk on DJ King old Sean why shouting
and holding hearts
Isaac alert lose a little ginger Ryan
right here ah let's go the gummy rosarot
to god yo yeah oh sure looks good
shut up you bread up I know we can we
can run a Wiccan Briana no Brianna
Brianna hold on there's something else
please open in front of team algo okay
well I got Wolfie you got all that where
you got your on and John and BJ right
here to TMR boy I love all your videos
one day I happen to search YouTube
reacting to American candy that is when
I stumbled onto wolfies Canadian
reacting to American candy people love
it a lot of people they love that it
once I was done with the video YouTube
suggested a video including team album I
think it was the porn reading video so
if David's video
don't stop putting a banger video
sincerely Brianna do you like the
drawing oh my god what the heck if so
often work we love the drawings you can
send more if you want
I mean to draw me drawing sweets and
draw draw bongos Volvo definitely want
to angle and send as many as you can
at Oh honestly if you I don't want to
make you waste like all your money but
if you made like 500 of you somehow
I don't know now you should make 500 I
will fill up Sean's entire room with
albo posters so guys if you have to
donate to the prank invasion squad put
money towards making a billion of these
posters send them all to me and I will
fill out my mom's whole house with them
like the video let's get it anyways
Thank You Brianna we appreciate it
there's one for all of us I think yeah
so I'll bring these to the boys and I
will keep one here for you boy thank you
very much you want to know how good of a
friend I am no
I'm going to give Ryan a fucking free
video idea I just thought up I was going
to do with my vlog but I'm going to let
this guide you a serial case has profit
flakes ripoff crew D world fruit loop
crispy rice rice crispies one more there
has to be at least one more grow honey
nut oats or corn flakes bro good friends
give friends this video I just throw
away me yes actually Mike cereal taster
let's close I will taste it classic so
guys today is another day basically in
the blog yesterday I had to take the
rest of the day off because there was a
privacy issues informations going on
with my family if you guys want to know
more about I'll leave a link at the top
of the description to a tweet before I
basically explained everything
unfortunately from this point on just
nobody has allowed really coming to my
house or anybody's host if we don't
invite you there otherwise the cops are
gonna have to get called I don't want to
sound like a dick but there's been stuff
going on behind the scenes so again
click the link at the top of description
if you guys welcome me please retweet
and please like the link anyways enough
of that we're talking positive right now
I'm gonna get some lean ground beef 2
packs of it because for time we've had
Hamburger Helper which is like honestly
like not a meal that I regularly have
but because I've been eating so much
random shit lately I just want to have
like the basics back to basics so I'm
gonna get Sylvia to cook some Hamburger
Helper tonight because we haven't had
ground beef now we got it your boy is
going to feasts tonight that's all I
know
your boy feels rich right now because of
that hundred bucks I just got back
basically me and Ryan we're saying it's
not money that like it's free money to
me because I already spent it use it for
video and now I got the actual credit
back on my credit card so now I'm just
going off on random shit that I don't
need you know it's free money so why not
I'm getting my car wash at this place
because it's pretty blessed but the
thing about this one is it lets you hit
the machine if it doesn't drop out 20
bucks
like watch this SG okay go it must be
giving me 20 okay cool four yep we got
20 but sometimes you actually have to
hit the machine is hilarious so guys
there's been an ongoing troll basically
where Dave just always tells bongo two
brushes pieces breath stinks so I picked
up some scopes mouthwash stuff I'm just
gonna walk in the house and tell him the
flock in brain in his mouth Unitas your
bonnet resting fucking take the min bro
thank you thank you always wonder where
the cheese but it's a breast-- race oh
yeah I type the name the fucking call
you and say yo your breath stink so you
could do this for the troll but he's
embracing the troll okay well alright
give me this back you know so you know
oh god they asking say that you're fine
you're not really fun you just can't get
into anything with that longer stand
done even if you're calling you about a
charlie what if it's too late I'm in on
it
brush your teeth Big Bertha wait wait oh
yeah put him on speakerphone put him on
speakerphone yeah we're coming right now
troll wait for us here you are here here
guys there's a challenge how many fries
you can take I just took pen tapping
feet pretty good now take them okay go
go go here four five six seven eight
nine well it's almost a recipe 1 oz it
okay outside ha ha what the hell what
the hell can you do 10 no I've never
done what the hell's okay we're down the
hell what the hell I'll do do 15 I'll be
pleased last night guys upside down bro
oh shit oh my ring yeah
you know nobody's laughing brother with
me yeah isn't it great bro let me scrape
any of your favorite I just just ten
eleven huh ducky ducky ducky I not yeah
yeah yeah now let me fill me let me tell
me and I can fill of you all to me
credit challenge
I'll give you something I did a show
together some know what good guys best
Lisa beautiful to the whole yeah Jay da
0 like I shall turn them up this vlog
camera just me and Sean house again
crazy look lock the door lock it away I
think the easiest thing you can do with
a scare prank right away I think we're
doing scare pranks yeah where you want
to go can you get on the closet
discussion what Kenny Peterson office
know how look he wells it on rookie well
does this thing on the can't fucking
evil
you're right were you saying now
normally when Ryan hey yo yo come come
here to set
I think you write your demo
yeah I was trying anything I was like
welcome coming right back you know I
tried to fuck it take it off it's welded
on how do you get it on sometimes when I
come in make it alright ok I'm not
holding your camera just fuck I don't
know where Ryan oh my god young cores
are good okay guys so I'm basically
going to use every single win that I
could I lost half my Tim Hortons wins
but I'm gonna use half and I still have
at someone's right now and give Ryan
some potato wedges lose Reese tops I'm
gonna make Sylvia very nice useless
practice beverage gonna make Sylvia
bring down some of the D I want the DIY
I want to do on today's vlog but she she
doesn't want to do is I'm just gonna say
I have a surprise give her like a
doughnut and hopefully she brings it
down so guys it is time to make these
power balls basically it's like a DIY
your own bouncy ball these are
glow-in-the-dark but if this video hits
45 thousand likes no it's a lot of likes
from the more wolf exams but I know you
guys can kill it if we hit 45 thousand
likes on my main channel I will make a
big bouncy ball so let me know when the
science on the ball let me know in the
comments if you want to see me do the
house thousand-foot world record DIY
timebomb giant uh Mesa impossible
question mark I think Adam here is an
extra
I got your shit here we go ingredients
consist out oh wow
here we go
unbox and opening without a knight 3 get
Kodak good 1g all right wolf em we're
gonna do Z going the bunny I'm gonna get
my boy Ryan fuck right please and we're
going to make squalls it's a legit
instructor Brian read it no fuck you
we're gonna make fucking balls Yuri
crying loser Ryan I'm gonna flatten it
so there's literally like two steps to
this whole process basically you have
one round mold which is this one that's
around mold you put these together I'm
assuming this is too fucking song stop
this bro it's too small
you have one round mold that doesn't
work you have one hexagon walls let's
see if this one fits together okay
neither of them fit but anyways you have
these we have 16 bags of crystals to
glow-in-the-dark bags of crystal
this one says G on it so it's on the
global record Shawn's powder does
believe in this powder there's literally
that's all those bongos
okay I think you snapchatted it oh you
said it I like that fact it's your boy
okay I don't notice on that second side
to start creating decide which mold you
want to use not together the two pieces
of the plastic mold which is the hardest
part for the crystals into the funnel
add some glow in the dark crystals to
each ball do not go up to the very top
or your ball won't bounce well hold the
funnel part of the mold carefully in
places to fill the mold in a cup fold in
one so the cup all you have to do is add
more more water and then just let it sit
for 10 minutes and that's it and then
start playing what you please
so I'm gonna snap these together three
two one okay if you watch over you idiot
this is three two one just like that
this one is together now we're going to
do the hexagons three two one
hexagons done we've got the hexagons the
circle now to fill them up with random
colors whooshing you want to
with the white dust we know do that work
for if I glued up we'll start with the
white duck and not to be too messy
isn't my house you always want to clean
up after yourself and get okay yeah
chemically for the crystals in here we
go because you like it some name China
they said don't ever move it
what are we gonna do for some of these
out John your specials up to ready and
putting the glow on so on the record
glow so basically we're going to repeat
this process I'll skip ahead to when we
put the water in get a next step I have
it sitting in a cup and I have the other
one sitting in a cup right here they
just fill the cup with warm water and
then let it sit for 10 minutes so I'm
gonna go very carefully here hopefully
there's not start floating
oh it's kind of tipping over but we're
just going to leave that right there
I don't know what's gonna happen with it
I'm gonna do the same with a circular
one oh shit it's already leaking it's
leaking it's leaking put it back in
yay oh no this was all just floating
broke okay just leave that hit to come
in we lack helmet-cam what I just bought
in the meantime easy alert moon rock
alert refugee Munnar like what this
bender they're like Oxford can wear like
knives expensive easy one robbers will
doesn't buy it or your eyes with it I
needed a base man I like that show
started in a Sean Ryan is it go so we're
just going to take this over the water
it's been 10 minutes for this so I'm in
a very big rush on the boat to hit a
million subscribers today so we gotta go
get em Hennessey ASAP so here we go
check it out it's not even leaking I'm
going to let it sit for 10 minutes here
second one for it out there and we'll be
back you're desperate
holy shit I don't Justin signing for
guys just assigning pool enjoy or you
may bet you're fine they are not really
fun you just can't get into a new play
with that ronger stance guys I hope you
know how good of a friend I am to Sean
because I'm buying this guy the most
expensive alcohol Hennessy Sean using a
dream girl with it okay guys I'm back in
this bitch I'm going to see what my
bouncy balls look like either pretty
hard
let's take this off oh you have okay
from the peel box hey we're going yeah
bro that seasick that's no way oh okay
guys so here's what the donkey ball
looks like David something that's a
rocket ball is it's not gonna hurt you
guys the main guy now who is it hold on
take it away Chuck this is stuck here we
go
DIY bouncy ball let's go is it bouncy
though wow you just add water you
literally just bad water you could go in
the dirt
not really this cool a strata glow in
the dark water keypad waters DIY
festival the hexagon one yes shut the
fuck up neither normal carrot or
something for somebody else I won this
one probably get a balcony here cuz it's
obscure oh this was good to go through
the I like Ozzy balls jump every flight
okay let's go well so guys this is the
club count for Sean's subscribers
honestly I'm gonna unsub them here we go
fuck with your head not on top again we
got the blank knife you're all kicking
it and have a fighter regular Charlie
quoted on the drum and the right killer
back look yeah let me see a live band
overnight Telekom coming in the air I
just want that I just wanted you not
going to drop my Christmas didn't know
guys graduation either you do it or
Olivia healthy I'll check it to the face
what are you so much on a controller son
Jesus drop Oh work you let us drive it's
only only wages will be there yeah you
need flowell I called fluid we are
somehow identity precise put it in so
the airflow will want to help you chug
it classic
yeah yeah one use a hand behind your
head hold and bite your head or your
pussies like I don't know shut up pussy
you guys my god your breath your
humanity okay hey if you don't finish it
your pussy hair
yeah you learnt three to guys we do not
condone video why do you think you don't
do it John to be just looking to do it
you heard that okay
oh one more you know I'm up if you
finish it I'll give you my man oh I'm
going I'll give you I'll give you a main
Channel show no marriage shuttle is that
fastest person to light five matches hat
by the way guys I just lit matches in my
in my mouth I sent you a video I did
five point six six days got a beat it
ready one three two one go
okay you're behind schedule okay he
dropped one to put your fuckin 800 you
don't go you're done oh my god yeah I
had to try yeah that's right last right
but I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if
you did make sure to go down and knock
that thumbs up button 27,000 guys have
been killing the likes recently on these
vlogs so I hope you enjoy it again
comment down below good luck David and
you could use all the fun good luck you
get go ahead check out my tweet at the
top of the description by the way guys I
need you to retweet and like it thank
you for showing your love now see you
guys soon on mobile for where we say a
little bit more savage my makeup and as
always stay savage I go kom it and the
read on who won go oh and whole two
three four shit Oh dream on hi guys
4.83 Jesus Christ
