good morning ain't no assisted werewolf
and welcome back to more Wolfie I'm
currently waiting on Ryan to come
outside because there's like y'all let's
go get food in this come outside I was
like y'all be out three minutes guys my
bucket here so I'm just jammin by myself
free drink guys and I didn't even get a
breather so it's a burrito ginga once
again we good we love them best
employees of life guys kissing the
system you guys already know I had to
hit him with the book homie bogar live
with the friggin chicken wrap the peanut
sauce but the album host doesn't have
enough mold so I had to improvise and
use the top of this and this and there's
a lickle in there gosh you gotta do in
your at the elbows
oh god this is Jimmy he's coming around
for the vlog all day it's an excited
spiders gummy worm take a bite
okay Jimmy to my dude no don't let her
touch hard like hot what else I love one
month ah class
first off of the day guys are going on
my cause and I'm bringing my gummy worm
with me he comes everywhere I fucking
step today anyways we're going to redeem
some peanuts redeem some points now my
guys are out of here the girl can give
us 50 beans and cash prizes you know I
don't read the girl here I only read the
Indian monsoon sold us the tickets
before but it's ok we're going to the
next stop
Travis is coming with us you're relax
Ivan no chill
Ivan what do you think well get back in
the car bro no come back come back what
the hell they name the store after my
vertical because this is crazy
don't worry Henry is gonna be a good day
buddy
we're coming here don't worry I'm not
going to let anyone harm you today Henry
I think that is a was product pages name
every three minutes girl don't worry
Scott it's all good though fine people
are going to be looking at you it's my
July fucking set right oh my Henry which
shoes do you want to try on the grip the
white one wait enough I'll try it on
let me know either today I mean they're
a little small you need bigger a ipod to
say I'm honestly they look a little bit
tight on you so notice we're just about
them little the flutter ha not your
color okay it's all good I'm searching
for de Becque Ponte for Henry before we
cut and they don't have any D back kanji
surprisingly we can't get you any
defects Ponte Li no they only have hmm
brand all right Henry
it's okay buddy we're gonna get you
pampy next time okay guys we've been
looking for Google no even looking for
Booster Juice for the past like 40
minutes in this mall and you're not a
mall and let you have Booster Juice so
loved one if there's a jugo juice and no
Booster Juice then we're cutting it's
not a Jew go to sake we've done a lap on
the whole first floor second floor I'm
getting weird looks because of my damn
gummi worms
holy I'm not letting go and we're gonna
we go said punch there's no wheel three
punky so yeah with your 100% chances
there being a boosted you where is he
why is the only a bumpy company
there's no boosters news guys with
fucking out Cinnabun it is a pink rain
it is that it was done literally drove
40 minutes to get a booster view and in
like H&M but I mean where's the oil tea
what are you looking for now
Gold Navy bro we're not trying to go to
your old work around you know we had to
get some free booze did you they hooked
it up guys they knew Ryan sways and so
they gave us all free booze - dude this
is insane
Oh the original tell us - Ryan please
for buying it unreal with my own money
don't Ryan had a great month so Rises
how bit assembly right you thank Ryan oh
well got this is your thing
we go
Silvia I got it
I'll have to get her to draw I don't I
don't even know the size of your boobs
Sylvia it was the height loss but I love
them all right guys I'm saying all right
Peter my boy Jimmy for the day he
officially got dirty with tacos all the
friggin mall grounds for that he was on
he's over the day so guys I don't know
how me until I got to this point of the
night but we're watching basically like
scientific videos just like a Saturday
night we watch it rise to the Gredos I
literally just watch what exposes how
deep the ocean was thanks Whoopi
we talked about this and the oceans deep
it's fucked
so I learned that oh I knew how fucking
deep it was but honestly it's just
ridiculous to just like see all the
facts and I also I think it's all on one
guys channel okay is it was that a
channel it might be I don't know I'm
watching a bunch of channels glacially
one of the videos is on like how deep
the ocean is another one of the videos
was on the size of the universe so I
have to turn that one off because
literally just our earth in general is
not shit
like we are so insignificant after
watching that I was just like okay
that's enough for that video and then we
also watched the hardest when I watch
the hardest places in the world to get
to which are some like little remote ass
islands that take like months to get to
because certain boats only travel to
them every like three months it's just
ridiculous all this stuff from like
learning on a Saturday night now now the
next one I'm watching is like nuclear
weapons and how big they're and Hogwarts
is shit Christmas Chris good boy cease
princes which is shouting out to the
blog will see drinking on his water in
the glass and it's a scientific nice guy
the video I sold earlier today when
successful my video my main channel is
like it's not doing that good but I
don't know what's going on with YouTube
right now I'm just gonna pray that when
I wake up tomorrow morning I know you
guys are going to give me all the good
luck I need then you drink it okay your
monster will see yeah you guys are going
to give me the good luck I need to get
my video to go on recommend it it may be
trending page even though YouTube
doesn't want that anymore for me for
some reason I don't know what it is guys
but what do you guys do it on the side
and comment down below and I will be
reading it on a Sunday night where I
will probably doing the exact same thing
if you are watching youtube videos you
have the right move you guys are out
partying yeah you also have the right
move but you should be watching your
boil for you and you guys wonder why
they call me wolf your app keep this old
video yo-yo good enough you little worse
how do you leave it in the heart guys
who's the richest of Amami i'ma beat
imma be like you you get less pussy to
the priest guys this is me in my hotel
because of you
this was like literally I'm not going to
say what channel this was but like all
the videos are private it now but this
is some like private shit like there's
been all those channels that you guys
thought I had and then there's been this
channel as well and all the videos on
this channel are now gone but this
channel is probably like - bonus channel
to make so far so I made well if you're
rapping more wolfy obviously but this
used to be like my my go to like this is
my pride and joy okay guys I'm not going
to show you the name so I'm just going
to turn it around like that but just
know that your voice started from the
bottom look at these edits on the bottom
hold on let me go check those iMovie
edit out PC cranium cranium not if you
the first one that came up hold on I'll
play you guys one more low key was
invented no one's ever seen Pete my
lines guys here we go
let's get it on bitch on the left one
and we've got a dip one on to the next
one her body upgrade so I'm calling her
to jetsam put C on my mouth and she got
a cleft one okay y'all just rated crisp
rounder please
people call me with a friend
hi guys lissa cannot be on youtube any
market yes this would be when we were in
our gangster phase guys we're going to
like a little bit of face listen to a
few rap songs Jim just relax everywhere
you okay okay that's enough for the day
guys that's it guys it's my mood right
now France these guys I've been watching
my old videos for like the past two
hours it's like you lovely oh of you're
on sixty billion times I'm going to end
the vlog off there if you guys enjoyed
if you guys want to see some exclusive
private advice on shit that you're not
going to be able to find even if you
search not that like button and I might
just happen to drop something on a
channel I'm not going to say where it is
though the real world fan will find it
but if you want to see that special a
button if we hit over 27,000 like on
this vlog I will consider it strongly
consider it also comment down below
cringe part 2 because you know is
Cringer for on this channel but cringe
is something you can't get enough subs
so cringe and I will come back to a
bunch of you guys that comment that and
I will see you guys seeing on more
wolfie where we say a little bit more
separation by my channel as always stay
Savage oh oh
