good morning ay yo what could where
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie I
hope you guys are having an amazing
fucking date today guys we are just
starting the date it was supposed to be
an editing dream boy but I decided you
know what
I would rather film instead so i'ma go
get my hair cut a first so I can film
from my main channel otherwise I'm just
gonna look like a bum my hair is out of
hand right now it's like I don't want to
look at it throw the hat back on Sylvia
is gonna come with me for the day not
really sure 100% everything I'm going to
do today but it's going to be fun filled
exciting literally just drinking my
coffee in the morning and you guys may
even be able to get to see some exciting
shit like me setting up my 8 here shoe
rack if the light will turn on I don't
know the like my house hold up boom 80
or shoe rack and I get to set another
shoe come tofu
go buy let's go
one shoe rack is done now to stack the
shoe racks on top of the other shoe rack
okay one shoe rack double up set up got
one more to go
guys Silvia snaked me I literally just
got my hair cut and this girl left to go
pick up a package she told me she'd be
back by the time I was done my hair cut
your boy is done his haircut and this
girl is not back so right now I'm
freezing because I left the store so
confidently like I can't fucking walk
back in and now just like played myself
outside in the cold waiting for this
girl to show up she can't even talk to
me cuz she's on the phone with something
like a business call right now so I
don't even know when she's going to be
here so I'm just gonna huddle up in this
corner whatever I hope she gets you to
hurry up I'm cheese I see Sylvia pulling
up right there guys you see that white
whip right there the Mercedes days hurry
up
the girl just missed the light like
literally she is a last car at the light
is the one I think that's her car right
there not to wait for a whole nother
rotation of fucking cars I can't feel my
hands can't feel my ears
so you guys are not going to believe
what just happened basically my parents
went to Ogdensburg the place I always go
to pick up video supplies because they
were picking out something they shifted
their that doesn't ship to Canada so
basically it's my mom and my dad I don't
know if they went in my dad's car or my
mom's car but if I had to bet my dad
probably drove and at the border my dad
basically almost got stripped searched
this guy he told him using a search
engine is and they went to the back yard
a process and anything amazing and then
they just searched their stuff but they
said yeah my dad they pulled him over
and then my dad travels a lot cuz like
usually the doctor whatever he's been a
lot of places like he's always flying in
an hour he has the Nexus pass to to skip
the fucking line and all that shit so he
has that stuff which I don't have I'm a
younger guy I don't know what my dad was
wearing but he doesn't own baggy pants
or anything it doesn't look like a goon
he look a white mom who my mom's like
the whitest mom ever and essentially
yeah they got strip-searched to the
point where the guy you could just tell
as soon as you go up to the border if
they're going to fuck with you or not
and apparently they just said yeah we're
going to pick up a package from the USA
address place which I always go to and
then the already the guys like has
anyone ever like stole your passport or
do you ever do you have an American
passport have you ever had one blow all
this stuff my dad's like no could you
have it and then they just took them to
the back room so now my mom understands
the struggles and when I go there I
don't even like going there that much
but sometimes it saves time and money
because when you ship stuff from there
to Canada cost extra money but sometimes
the money is honestly worth it because
they can be thick like serious dick it's
like fuck that you go up and they grill
the shit of you you could be smiling
path forward no I like it literally
train you like you're the worst
yeah great wheels which I can kind of
understand a bit because it's like a you
are like letting us into your country
and you got to kind of check a bit on
our background but at the same time it's
like we're coming into Ogdensburg man
like you have nothing here like why we
don't want anything for Ogdensburg
except shipping stuff to Ogdensburg
because we can only get an audience
burger it's like coming into LA coming
into New York or technically it is New
York but like New York New York it stuff
like that planes especially I understand
it because obviously you want to make
sure who's getting on the plane and
whatnot driving into Ogdensburg come on
always go by the way to get packages
that's the only place the only reason
people come dog is very nothing's
happening there please stop it nothing
no nothing is happening in August I do
not I don't rate on this burg
okay augment fucking burger I don't rate
you the only advantage of even then yes
I think there's wolf down there that's
the thing when I went to regard there I
definitely saw some kids and they're
drilling I think there's a little sound
there I love the wolf end but Ogdensburg
ER and Florida in general I don't I
don't rating as especially if you you
you fucking interrogate my parents the
rent
my parents August Briggs I see you I'm
gonna talk to you next time I come by
keep this guy's we now have the shoe
rack set up in the closet which is dope
as hell got all my shoes there more
shoes here garbage
everything is super organized now I can
finally start my edit it's going to be
like a take it easy day today but I will
fill you guys in on how it's going okay
guys I just teleported to my parents
house basically they just watch the
movie I didn't want any of it I slept on
the ground with Prince and now it's
pretty early in my time it's 11:30 but
uh me and Sylvia are gonna figure
something interesting to do we're gonna
figure something interesting to do
another two dogs yeah they're raising
this ban got a two dogs will he be
fencing a lot money I don't look like
everything is okay that they're a lot of
money but they do look like you have to
do them in your hands how the guy that
barbershop said
good cool what you're doing in your
pajama pants I said I set out fucking by
your house with my pants as I said let
me shut up anyways guys these are nice
pants don't listen to anybody if anybody
ever hates on your swag just tell them
that just because they don't know what
art is and this is art to be honest oh
they're called dancing pants dance hard
damn if your legs are like - yeah you
look up dance you look up dance pants
how are you this is the cupcake
condition wondering what I'm doing they
don't know a dancer ever
MC Hammer wore those pants 20 years ago
okay you wanna start on fashion why are
you wearing two long sleeve shirt under
each other I have to justice why you
wearing a turtleneck turtleneck no my
man jacket shirt why are you wearing and
I wear my shirt to the top it doesn't
nerdy no no one actually buttons up
everybody except for you and skinny maan
white guys I've gotta know
are you skinny one white one that has
attack I'm doing this because I look
legit all right wait no not come on
stand out yet stand up quite stand up
for the blog are you trying to leave a
flood this is these are the riding on
what are your blood pants not sweat
pants there's wrong
you know the circumference of the bottom
of your pants is bigger than this pot
just don't know a fashion guys this is
what you want your pants to be like
hugging your legs for a joke okay listen
that book was in when I was 14 years old
okay 31 years ago yeah good cycle well
and we're back at the cycle and you're
AB square one we did that hey you never
did it we did that we're done with that
can excellent yeah MC Hammer didn't wear
this shit I'll show you guys we have
baby pictures of all this is what like
my parents look like when they are
younger and my dad trying to say you
Warpaint
you've been wearing a grandpa hat since
you're 15 my mom wants the church hold
on let me find a photo over well yeah
you guys are wearing those tight pants a
then what the heck is this get out get
out me here guys I worked hard right
from the beginning I knew I was all
going to good
hammer right Sylvia all right the killer
what whose man is it he's pedaling you
caught me come in I know what he wore I
was exactly see MC Hammer pants he wore
no screaming what do you mean with I
know what they were all right fucking
right there how are we in bro same pants
I would be same pants as you your
designs here come here
the owner MC Hammer pants nah they're
not ok woof come do something
interesting for everyone Lionel get your
fat ass a hot bed
how's Lionel left his bed for the past
five years I swear guys my vlog a months
ago this guy was laying in the exact
same position in that bed Lionel
hey Lionel you forgot Who I am me I hate
this cat dogs are better than cats this
dogs meeting is tagged for the past 10
minutes
Whoopie use again go ahead do it you
won't do it
you won't do it here to take and here
you go you look dumb right now camera
go do it what you're just doing your
take right here buddy okay oh my god oh
my god oh there he goes very back to
business
come on dog what are you doing come on
Charles what are you doing with Wolfie
you can't work out with our dogs you
guys be so calm with it he doesn't even
mind
he looks open all right this is not a
workout exercise you know your dog's
booty when he only drinks the freshest
Brita water out of a fridge when it's
cold right well you don't drink regular
water come in come in sit good boy
anything water all right your water's or
anybody out of the glass as you like no
your water dog game water or cookie
probably want to see me drink it first
this hey you see what I'm saying guys
whose man is it whose man is it
Wolfie season me only way sees me
drinking in this house doing like I want
what they have
you're too bougie your toe boys oh hey
sit good boy down good boy yeah yeah
belly rub here take some of your water
take some water to war for me principle
either
for sure Oh drink it because what
sighing ah I know it's too big for them
what are you panting we're the Fox yeah
well I do that back when I wasn't six
five can't do that anymore
oh good boy can I go you guys wanna go
let's go
Oh guys I'm about to attempt a
late-night experiment with Sylvia I
didn't tell her what is gonna happen
with this but I told her I'm gonna cop
this soaps pretty sure this is the soap
original ivory soap yeah this should be
it when you put this in the microwave
something crazy happens she has no idea
she thinks the house is going to explode
all this stuff so I'm gonna show her
well the night I'm not trying to do this
right now I'm trying to do this because
you know I'm the DIY experiment God so
cop the soap and we're good okay guys so
I haven't done this hack in a while this
trick in a while so I hope it still
works still should fucking work it's not
like it's like technology or some shit
but basically for my handy-dandy
microwave here this microwave has done
some crazy stuff before I put liquid
glass in my microwave what else alike
done I don't think I've done too much to
this microwave but my mom's microwave
has definitely felt the wrath of DIY
Wolfie so picked up the ivory soap
regular-ass 99.4 for pure clean and
simple soap original I don't even know
if this one has a scent no this is like
the basic of basic soap
so basically ivory is the brand you want
to go with ivory you already know the
deal in the comments below and you can
talk to your boys so basically going to
rip off this right here get your
girlfriend to take the rest off put it
down right there actually we're going to
start with two bars of soap we don't go
light on this channel okay science
Wolfie is like I'm excited right now
your boys want to stay up pull an
all-nighter editing and I need something
fucking exciting coming in my way so
that I have the energy to stay up so I
don't need to drink an energy drink or a
coffee so hopefully the soap does the
trick okay definitely not edible that's
for sure we're gonna grab two bars of
soap Ivory soap
toss them in the microwave for Thomas
eight two minutes but I will keep you
updated
you know what's going to happen idea I
thought I'm like if it's only crazy
okay pay attention then I'm here come
closer
we'll come closer though oh it's not
gonna pair this one well well I'll let
you do the honors you can click on a
powerhouse guys if the house gets blown
up thirty Seconds kay overlap at least
three minutes Michael hi guys you saw
this if Sylvia blows up the house it's
Sylvia blowing I'm gonna phone off
so here's are the two bars of soap look
like you can see Sylvia sneezing in the
reflection twice I think it's this one
so this place is rocking biology though
if this explodes then the technology's
definitely changed but it shouldn't
explode your life but look look look
look look
Humana sub-link easy it's ugly already
guys it's been 30 seconds what is going
on
I can see veteran look in the camera
look in the camera look at the camera
what is happening guys check that out
whoa a tree oh my god it's like going
like 10 times yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
it looks like snow this is Mart and it
smells so good guys smells so good
again can you talk okay okay okay stop
open nothing like such a doors like
whipped cream you think this means well
we did it really hard it's not really
good it actually is like whipped cream
it's kind of it I'm just happy this book
but we can take this out now and as you
guys can see little experiment you can
try a home with the Ivory soap unscented
that's their favorite line with all your
sermons that you do as you guys can see
oh fuck what do I say every every what's
right back everyone with his eyes as you
guys okay you know I'm not saying that
anymore
here we go would you look at that one on
my videos would you look at that check
it out feel the texture so yeah oh my
god why is this the most satisfying
thing in the world the touch this so
close oh my god it's got hurt again but
gonna be like whipped cream no it's like
nothing you can squish it a bit you can
even watch it watch it watch the leg
that's it guys like honestly I think I'm
going to toss the other eight in depend
on the other guy I'm going to do it and
I put all the bars of soap in so guys
look at that the contact the goodness
mountain of soap the mountain of soap
begins and honestly it kind of has the
same reaction as the one bar of soap
sadly so a DC land for me 1 bar soap is
kind of all you need for this experiment
so don't go out and buy like 20 unless
they only sell 10 packs then by the temp
action oh ok maybe because they're more
surface area it's taking a little longer
but no whoo okay never mind never mind
never mind is blowing the fuck off is
okay I'm taking it out this is mod
alright guys I would formally like to
welcome you to my crib for the next
couple hours this is where I'll be
spending the next couple hours I told
myself that I was going to get this
video done today whether I like it or
not even though technically it is
tomorrow
twelve o'clock why should falling off my
wall oh my god okay I'm just not gonna
butter guys this is what separates the
good from the great
the good would be going to sleep right
now okay I'm trying to be great so I'm
going to push myself I'm going to push
my body past its limit and I'm going to
stay up and grind and grind and grind
until I get this video done so that
tomorrow I can have a fun and relaxing
day knowing that my videos already ready
to go so with that being said I'm going
to end the vlog off here but I hope you
guys enjoyed this one I know it's
probably a little bit of a shorter one
but I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
do not forget to go down and smash that
like button I got you guys on a loud
vlog tomorrow as well so Garrett E for
that comment down below grind don't stop
okay grind don't stop because we're
always fucking grinding you already know
what it is whether you see me grinding
you're not always grinding logging into
my dad's computer so I love you guys I
will see that soon on mobile who are we
stay a little bit more Fabrice in my
main channel and as always stay savage
today oh
