hey what country boy will be welcome
back to more will be today I got your
boy David parity over here I go like a
penny please because it's what did you
say mobility playas demon guy in Chains
okay it doesn't fuck him to make Perry's
anymore anyways today we are going to be
reacting to some of the most
uncomfortable photos so I know you guys
love these reaction video so smash that
like button if you enjoy them we're
actually doing it drunk you know we are
tricky we're drinking one day it's a
good night the video just drops it's a
good fucking day hope hopefully the
alcohol influences how uncomfortable
these photos are but I have a list in
front of me you guys want the reaction
videos and I hopefully enjoy the Clint
so here we go first one oxygen tank so
that's lit alright that was when I think
you're giving someone prop every time
you're watching a hand but okay it's not
uncomfortable because the hand is full
right now but imagine using it oh yeah
fingertips are gone hmm then it's a
little uncomfortable for now it's like
looking at it it's placed it's not not
less with fingers fingers like start
falling off hangers are fully falling
off yeah that's kind of weird it was
really thinking about that but for now
it's not that uncomfortable it's not
zero out of ten next oh my god meet
Justin Bieber meet yeah get out
expression discussion cummock a troll I
thought this was just an event the one
on the bottle of Donald Trump oh yeah
it's like this is that a conspiracy
Justin Bieber's in Donald Trump Nene
one day but yeah I see how that is
Justin even though no gnarly fuckin that
was on a cup of water
that's Justin Bieber J is what time one
time one time I play its first our first
fucking song ever
not bad this looks kind of easy feel
part that's kind of easy thank you
we mean I didn't say that in holy shit
I just want a cat it's not going Erica I
was like wow yeah I like that
that's wavy that was like what feels
nice that looks exactly like your
oh shit you know what that doesn't look
uncomfortable that one looks pretty damn
comfortable yeah but it looks like I
want to cut you guys that's satisfying
satisfying is the word oh that's good
Mike who in a triangle elevator that's
placing yes uncomfortable oh yeah that
was comfortable to be in I can't even
look at that one who designed that two
people are fitting in that match I'm Chi
would be lucky if you fit with our bags
on oh wait yeah I don't like that no I'm
not looking at that what anymore a shop
that lets you text all the types of
toilet paper itself right uncomfortable
that's way be happy man was a fucking
dick this list is made by some guys
teasing me kid I see it that's totally
but that's uh no way because when you
wife because he your shit is taken away
you nasty shit you kiss me kiss me shit
you should she comes laughing just tree
bark yeah look at you eat it alive one
around it though this one I'm going to
give a 5 out of 10 on the uncomfortable
scale because it's not too uncomfortable
but I'm not used to it
so I'll take a drink to that yeah next
one oh my god whack cotton swabs I don't
like this to me off I don't like it at
all why oh why would you want that
you're like a spiders crawling in you
hear oh I see spider legs bro
fun fact during your entire lifetime you
eat fake spiders naive me whether you
like it or not no no I saw I purposely
sleep like this tonight I swear to god
bro I think about every day that's cozy
yo I just pray to God I don't wake up
one night in my life and I'm halfway
down no no here's how I convinced myself
it's like yo people in like Africa are
getting those fucking big spiders on
their mouths and that's making up for
what we don't get here they're getting
20 a night and we're getting zero so
Africa how can you even mix oh oh you
love this
Jayamma good skipping that's the way
business is knowing too much fucking
mustard - Amy no but it's like you could
go if you want you know not get the fuck
out of the building
that's is weird I want it like if we
walked around and saw that we wouldn't
even call it out though
no I I wouldn't call it out I'm just
feeling acne yes counted it I'm probably
roasted in a blog but the thing is as a
youtuber putting cap locks like cap lock
is always on to my titles so seeing
lowercase it kind of makes me think more
serious like that doesn't mean I owe you
that um no that's different
the blonde Harry Styles Wow when woody
blunt he can't stop what the fuck was he
blocking that isn't is Mia it doesn't
even it doesn't look like here you don't
like when it's wanted looking left like
Harry he need to stop trying to be like
now because he doesn't solve out on the
swing now my boy that's it oh that's he
died tonight that we're talking making
with right oh hey you can make cinnamon
rolls
oh no that's all that's all whatever do
that what's so fun hey dawn way to look
like a fucking mess o Allah
monkey bro well it's a cat no chill for
dinner oh my god yes match how you need
to fucking saw Victoria shit just lovely
your freshman Canterbury are being drunk
completely normally you're holding it
like this yeah like his fingers are bent
back and this is all that's so weird
nuh nuh bluesman cuz you gotta fucking
go to a doctor immediately simply double
ejected anyway no oh yeah you are show
them what he want you gonna be busting
guys fucking window
to it what can we do the best oh my no
no no no don't go them yeah yeah that'll
make them one company
yes 30-100 wedding nylon its money with
severe bed it's like barely doing it
look at my look at my place exactly
number 32 my toes no no guys thumbs up
this ball game against a hundred
thousand like I'm gonna show its toll
after dinner sweetie this face painted
with a heck is her eyes bro first don't
use Iseman Oh on the bottom where the
bottom like these are her eyes and then
let's go oh my god oh oh holy shit her
are you cool her eyes are her eye lashes
yeah that's your piece plate yeah yeah I
last heard a lot of miles on runner
shirt top eyelashes eyelashes yeah
that's crazy
yo show us a promise thing and I think
I'm saying that loud and tuck and make
it people like Verizon fully clothed
she's like yeah bars are open
nice is weird this shit up worrying what
is it whoa see what's going on oh my god
bro her top lip is here the mustache no
it's not yes it is in the bottle whoa
oh she's painting here that's crazy
fuck that your prom oh shut up you
you're insane in things really weird
yeah you farted for sure that's
disgusting
this chair and it people does oh that is
cute Oh does little after years of
wiping your finger it's right here
alright why some on my pants I believe
it and I do it quick and I convinced
myself it doesn't go on my pants oh it
does yes Wow girls that's not you
and grow it yeah that's like come on
wash your chair bro what the hell you
say
or just get a frickin sponsorship from
dxracer da look fuck you saying put put
a decorator on being chases yo does
anyone have their mom and dad that runs
that's right and that's reshare and I'll
wear it I'll sit on it is sit on it
kylie jenner's fingers stop spa what why
does it look so long because that camera
it has to be the angle thank you girl
it's the angle because I know Kylie had
the money but it's her fingers are not
regular issue she would fucking somehow
are you saying she did something else
before what if she has enough money she
changes she would change it yeah I am
saying that she was a fucking to change
it we all know that whatever is going on
here uncomfortable
Oh daddy a great time I'm comfortable
they're comfortable letting my god just
pull hang on you the street from that
you it's uncomfortable yeah but you know
that one hotel that like looks over
where things up you know that hotel
yeah there's a hotel it looks over like
the fourth video of LAX even know it
might be in Vegas in Vegas
no today it didn't like being making
Shanghai no it's not room you go into
Nagus Rho grad yet go along Vegas pool
20 most expensive hotels now yo
Christian you stay there no I saw a
Christian stay there this one no no no
that's not going I'm talking chaotic so
when I'm talking about this is 115 most
luxurious Suites of Las Vegas Las Vegas
infinity pool Singapore this is a class
that was maybe two but that's not the
one I was thinking of bro look at this
one infinity pool friggin Singapore yeah
I need to chill look at that one
now I talked to but I definitely think
you're just for one but it's not better
comfortable Sesame Street being me don't
kill me
bah bahah I mean not another do this
like that I think that's my thing
I thought they're always on their knees
bein there I love it but I guess yo you
guys know he's on yeah that's a crazy
word
I already look at that nah awesome
hamster hybrids and laughing the face of
God oh the CAPTCHA just fucking kill me
would you bite it from that halma I mean
from that muffin top just above it bro
there's a hand in there what do you mean
and how the blueberry is there is no
have to send it send it that one is just
weird to me David squeal okay
I'll drink to that - I'm on the wrong
Channel this legitimate banknote with an
upside-down flag we're Canadian so like
I don't think it's really great to into
play have a good fit of that planet Oh
feeling Oh
starting chicken I can't even thank him
but how do you feel about by down now
it's literally it's barely even running
this fucking missing brick oh that is
annoying that you zoom into that brick
yes you mention that brick guys that's
what Oh badass work up
I'm Ted why don't you put a brake there
or why does that brick fall out fuck oh
fuck
holy shit she is holding a textbook
there up here hey these students holding
the textbook they're appearing on that's
coming is lately on Enders yeah the gym
that is just like I'm just gonna fucking
put them everywhere I would like that
what's really businesses go recover yeah
but you already like I'm close the
Poseidon fucked my wealth up like
whatever do should as an intern centrist
like yeah I don't fucking after it all
my brakes off I avoided at all cost and
then I have five having's I know I dunno
you did a better light winds another way
let's see how I hate the dentist
okay it's not you guys it's your job
stop fucking Julie my feeds please what
they rocks with piece that looks like
real teeth
doctor beyond control I think about
drawing rocks and then I think it will
keep scraping me throw a rock how so can
be your honor that's not interested
that's artwork that's art I don't
understand it
that hurts that I mean come on
all that lighting on cheese manners Oh
No
come on I mean come on you in the
caption says it come on yeah that was
this to be off but I can see why they
did it and why maybe you want to have
one figure on rate and less than your
like having a strobe light show and then
you just want to Center I guess you
could do it
nevermind this is not suitable for kids
this is it man I swear to God
someone threw the banana it was just a
slider than there's no way that's the
thing I was room yes somebody added that
on media there's no way they would go
back with a quick agenda coming up
getting kids out a tooth freshman of it
Oh keep guns healthy wait what the
commercial was a toothless they just
forgot to add it brush bristles
wow that was pissing me off that just
seems like you would hit your teeth in
your oh wow
grounded grounded brick over light yeah
we're fucking Christmas
get up so that is very comforting you
look at Oh don't disrespect or you like
that
that's not our um work someone did that
that's a backwards or yeah I have to be
a pilot it's people off and
congratulations you did it yes you
fucked up like everybody that whole
project - that one - yeah and the last
but not least one on the list here we go
what don't choose me that's another G I
want to piss me off and you did it on
that no guys
orange juice with a chocolate chip
cookie we're cooking the heaven I hope
you guys enjoyed the video if you did
smash that like button you're never
going to see my children number a
hundred thousand lights we get a series
always like button subscribe my boy
David parodies wait they could play
these big guys plays games we play games
we played GTA we play games you already
his link at the top of the descriptive
cello name also comment down below what
other videos you want me to do on this
channel because China France tone I love
the blonde and I'm going to keep doing
the blogs but what else do you guys want
to see me do like low-key DIYs reaction
videos let me know in the comment
section below and I will see you guys
soon on more will be in chaos a little
more excited when HS and I know tells
I'd stop like recess Lego Oh
