good morning ay yo what's good - where
will we welcome back to more wolfies
guys I'm going to start the day off by
filming woke up bright and early today
everyone's already ready right in this
bitch it's time to go okay guys so I
told you guys we're going to eat these
chips so David just arrived or a bunch
of film you can do the very first taste
test I said they're going to be black
and I knew it smell them the whole
harvest
header and curve notice it underneath
the cheddar could be a federated state
test don't give me a reaction we have to
tape our audience oh-ho you see the
fuckin I like the how're you number dr.
white cheddar yeah
I'm not about a matter this is a flop
yeah I didn't think this Niki's would
have said it like that yeah yes are you
gonna have that shutter what more
hardest product it's not bad like if you
like better those are we yeah if you
like cheddar I'm not a beer attached to
the mouth okay if you guys didn't
release like every other flavor for time
before this one and they all came out at
once I'd be like oh this is just pretty
good but now you have like the blue bag
to compete against fuckin jalapeno is on
fire or the worst one spenders you but
not even like for a limited time
oh yeah I want to see the bag you as he
eats more yeah these are their shit we
should use it all right let's just ate
it so much everything that sours Goldar
say wow those are bloody those ones are
like I don't know I had to go back to
film a year
oh yeah we're old its old one vinegar
two ladies one the mountain sea salt and
malt vinegar but helping your second
yeah
these my kind of church need a loud
mesquite barbecue Oh barbecue miss
Vicky's good I feel the elbows know they
don't know they don't know they don't
you guys comment down below if you guys
have them in the States because if you
do all go to Ogdensburg de Kaap them
fish Canadian Tire is literally shit on
the other Canadian Tire Cystic are they
have a whole section just the coffee
makers oh maybe it's just because any
big so they fo build it up using stuff
later lasagna maker so who do you want
anyways I'm living here only here to get
a kiddie pool we are running on a tight
schedule
you know the penis game where you yell
oh you can does anyone know where a
kiddie pool is you know that would
data where I n1 Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan one
don't go to store to this good day with
you cringing public prank yell carrying
it someplace so the man's running to the
back to go see if you have the pool this
program was acting up right here was
going too slow so he's just going to
manly checks and uses for the fuck they
just makes it official
try again a person it's to throw that's
actually perfect for use because you're
in the psychos club should we get food
your last friend how much is it includes
10 bucks man to my shopping cart
trickshots
asked to push this into this little goal
up ahead of me here we go three two one
it's curving to the right a bit so imma
I'm gonna hit it with a left dog fuck I
should do curling guys quick break from
the video my first pair of ultra boost
came in very wavy and they actually fit
perfectly I just tried them on
marshmallowy bottom shout-out to David
for putting me on the altar booth
nothing I'm buying a bunch literally mid
chute of my video guys I had to come
back to a store and get an air
compressor for some reason I was the
thing I was using didn't come with a
pump so I had to buy this guy said that
this should work but if it doesn't work
I'm gonna have to go back out to another
store so if I have to do that I click
blog listen up I shoot you guys not we
literally just went to the store to go
grab something else my car's not running
low on gas I'm freaking out because
going into the day I knew I kind of
predicted I was like okay this is kind
of unorganized I don't know how this is
going to work but basically I've gone to
like three stores now and bought the
wrong thing three times in a row so now
I'm not leaving the next door until I
know one fuckin hundred ninety billion
percent that I know what I get is what I
get because if not I'm literally gonna
fuckin I might I might rage at an
employee
it's like bro you work here I showed you
what I needed and you know that a daily
vlog had a long time to come back a
billion times I don't know why the fuck
you telling me
I'm literally pissed right now so now
I'm going back in the next door
returning this shit up frog that I just
got never buy the stupid ex recognized
review on it shit it's honestly shadows
and fucking dough my reverse row I'm
actually fucking fed up so now I'm going
back to the store I'm going to buy
whatever I don't care how much it is if
it works it works and that's what I need
at this point I swear I could have
fucking blown up what I needed by mouth
right now guys check it out
I think I got the right supply final
mantis or Home Depot they know what
they're talking about it works if this
doesn't work I split YouTube I literally
cut you to doesn't work the
self-checkout here you know this game oh
please leave for the attendants though
guys it's freezing rain outside right
now and as you can see I think there was
like the biggest accident for 2017 going
on in this bitch you know what I don't
okay what am i a Miss Lee yeah we need
it
I can't go anywhere nice we're going to
eat ice pressed tight for the whole
paramedics on deck now you guys see why
my car has four-wheel drive I can
literally just fucking laugh in this
weather right now but when you don't
have four-wheel drive in this weather
especially geez you're sliding like like
a slide this shit ain't no joke guys
this shit ain't no show filling up gas
in this weather is the worst doesn't
even open I can't take it Oh oh my god
at least the kicks are looking for there
we go here watch out I doesn't work my
door Oh as ice thank God
watch out I need to fill up gas what
she's too cold
usually watch all you lovely I'll tell a
joke you know you
okay okay
sure eating a quick meal but we have
this game with all of our bows and
playing it and this guy basically we've
been showing each other pictures like a
meme of quote a clock and the goal is to
sneak it show your friends without them
knowing that you're about to show them
like for example I'll be like your rang
can you pass the salt and then he'll
pass the salt and see the Kodak glass
here so I'm going to FaceTime Bongo and
clock them up real quick this is a pic
that I'm going to hit him with so you're
right space-time bubbles along quickly I
just put it directly on it and you guys
it's not fuck you guys up they tried
putting it in my food so that when I
open my food I got merged but I saw the
light on David's phone lovely Oh David
David icon so there is up to something
game itself is humming
watch it be in the bottle of ketchup ha
ha ha Gail face haha I'm gonna hang up
mommy knows well how does he know who
did it - Jeff work yeah I did it I did
it
I'm cheese he's not answering mama
please maybe got a key game they all
know loser this is Jesus going on no
state I'm here hold I'll put it here put
here pretty here Drupal put it here oh
he's gonna get it back
he's not getting it back he's not gonna
not gonna Kodak you back
okay open it up cheers not let them call
you a car you like are you my dad oh
don't worry if I'm Mongol yo we said you
rattling and of other ones little waffle
yeah time to read my fortune imagine to
pick yo you would CDs of you yeah that's
crazy - up a beautiful and civilization
oh yeah menses a routine with routine
tasks will turn into an enchanting
adventure that was so vague I'm not
looking ones just 100 just like Oh what
does it say Oh without trying to get me
to you here you go
doesn't care Ryan's gonna and we got
long run you owe your snake your fucking
Pyxis me feel all good I'll do it but I
have this live encounters I know there's
like that you are doing it yeah
no no not there not there yeah if you
booked on I dare your model
no no that's dangerous for your phone
bro come on Oh Mon Ami
not serif you wouldn't care we're gonna
say yes
no not it who read the fuckin is Vieira
he really sounds good no you're wrong
your is fully on yeah we're watching you
didn't we quite rare
I've been fucking like making my
thumbnail show you did why they don't
want to see you in and you try to get
all the hold up baggage I'm playing the
embargo did you schedule says managing
all right look at his reflection in the
mirror you serious
the blenders yours and I can't break it
yeah what this is a tea beans a I can't
break it all breaks it just to buy you a
new one
imagine you here glass shattering I'm
gonna put some glass shatter sound
American ha ha
how do I they work hard work guys I want
you to one English I also want to do
their wedding lieutenant Lee Jackson
tonight Lamar you break your happy
hey this guy's a minute I wouldn't have
it you gave it to you because you like
all the without you this huge use the
whole day yeah let's go glass breaks out
the back you thought right
welcome to another episode so you guys
are probably wondering why I got a
blender basically I've been seeing some
people it's big back smoothies and I
haven't had a fucking chance to try it
yet so basically I'll plug this in and
make a smoothie out of just Big Mac I
don't even really rate McDonald's
burgers I only junior chicken so I got
my fries right here the fries are going
in fresher all the price can't wait
there's Ryan said he's gonna use this
video maybe got the burger right here
nice Big Mac burger yeah looks like the
pace too bad we are going to put the
burger in here and last but not least
obviously you need the regular medium
coke that you get with the meal deal so
keep this with ice cubes or without the
ice cubes Ryan what you want the ice
cubes at home well if MIT ask you if
anything why are you repeating what I
think I'd like my cue what line all
right
six movies always cute you can tweak it
how do you work your daughter so blender
and remember for the shadow you have to
drink half robot
you have to drink at least half know how
it was going steady started but that's
no rhinos I think is close in his mouth
I am the king of literally vlogging he
runs in a word to say he's like just
King called it my very good and you know
your giant burger vid guys link in the
description we're making it big mac
smoothie alert okay how's this happening
how do you work your Ryan is this thing
on
she's kind of blending anything that was
how we supposed to blend it you hold it
all the whole it both it breaks
Yomi knew it Robbie happy to buy you
something
you're blending this time to eat so I
guess I bad right so I was like a remark
and you never tried a little bit
whatever I wanted to do I don't know
sometimes no no no nobody alright you
guys are weird you know how to blend of
England holding a big night
okay Jake it meaning key to the shoot
off food in in there like reminiscing
okay Patsy's like but calm down
TJ because you got up in the back into
the McDonnells goodies no key alright
right sorry buddy buddy go go down see
for you back it just leave the grown-ups
I mean everybody knows like use my
healthy what did you have enough up you
confiscated I really oh shit
it is a mental midget all right
gentlemen yes yeah old Yuri go you
barely you barely took any you barely
took any so somebody wolf I'm watching
this recover yourself doing that listen
I'll give you a job like crazy
I'll post your video everything we all
will take a big thing I think you got no
oh here you go
sorry Masami yeah it's all mental you
want that gooey
you cannot oh oh he said you can't
you're not in all of them
smash your fucking like when Mac and you
shut the fuck up yeah yeah really I
couldn't walk down yeah well I didn't
even probably shut up that it's all mine
watching my youtube videos popping all
the levels that's the day I hear you
sneak I know you're watching this vlog
and I know you you've caught all the
levels so that I can't use them anymore
and I have to order them from the states
and go to audience birth anyways we're
at Walmart Brian's going we're taking
this guy to go fucking shopping because
he does another crazy doesn't have a g1
it's crazy so we're getting him I'm not
though he got him a mattress we're
getting him one peak and we're getting
him cheap and perhaps maybe I don't know
a pillow yo David I got you
oh shit you wanted more give you I
actually don't have these thank you no
no no no Ryan is getting a body pillow
just nigga just got it he put it back to
the vlog body pillows are for girls bro
what gear girl take it you wanted green
ones yeah you put the cart back let me
hit a three three seconds left on the
clock to do full shit Ryan's getting in
my way he's blocking blocking fade away
oh and when it it went in it was going
away loud good you I found a garbage can
because we're shopping for garbage cans
for Ryan because he has a lot of garbage
he's garbage but love basically this
thing hasn't slowed it clothing thing
I've ever seen these clothes are slower
than gross backpacker I look at
oh my god so going Jesus it's still
going
pull your help I want everyone to pause
the video for 2 seconds I'm about to
make the most satisfying video in the
world keep this close up guys I got
these memory foam sticks that are like
in the size of each one of these beds
check this out
watch this squeeze I'll get a close-up
on my hands you don't want to see my
face this is a soothing music alright 3
2 1
oh my god one more time
oh my god yo yo chill chill bro I can't
yo chill I can't relax relax I've been
dealing with you mate all day I'm just
trying to work my job
friggin chill this that's what they are
well my group working all morning I
don't need to fight over I got my plate
okay I'll do it tomorrow
so guys Ryan stuff was more than we
expected so I gave them my housewarming
gift cause I still haven't given a gift
for him moving into the alcohol so I say
go get the best sheets which are the
Egyptian cotton and now he's gonna go
get them and I'm a bad friend
cuz I'm a fuckin good friend droves to
get this guy fucking brought him back
bought him shit all right you owe me
your life guys look at the package still
you got in the mail from you simmer on
why I shall alert how high seconds if
you open it and a fucking commercial
sighs playing on the string flip the
volume up and down when you first you
miss you are you John you do know why
did you need a garden right it came with
a USB cord to turn this fucking G always
I'm you're gonna watch our commercial
600 I've I did actually replay okay
until I ask you to send me something
please
Silvia's watching Hunger Games now for
the 30th time after she finished the
Twilight series I think next time sea
lion is a time here we go guys
what do you want here you're loving
roles right why are you showing me
fuckin ancient Cairo I die no guys hit
the thumbs-up button let's hit 27,000
likes comment Rolls Royce if you made it
to the very end the block and I will see
you guys soon with another banger box
and remember stay a little bit more
savage my main channel and as always
stay savage Lego
