here take the stick Konoe real quick for
the kid lights like go rice let's get it
get ready John welcome back to more
wolfy smash like but before we even
begin the vlog
let's hit thirty five thousand likes hit
that like button you got five seconds
with your elbow Wow okay turn on my post
notifications too because Gang Gang yeah
yeah you know this wolf he raps calm
anyways Gabe and Ryan have been waiting
all day for me to go get food with them
because I got the car and I got the
power on the way to get a salad guys I
can't even believe it we stopped in the
store got to get a shaker gotta get some
BCAAs because literally we're on our
fitness grind now guys I'm about to get
these just in case I have to beat
someone up in the boxing ring so
transformation guys this is before this
is actually day five or six of like
serious we're about to go across the
street to go get like a dumb let's Aled
you guys are gonna see so help me just
smash the like button comment
you got this Wolfie because I need
motivation what did I tell you guys I'm
not messing around right now
I'm not messing around right now
once you guys I want to say well I pop
they left but why is why I'm out here
show him my man Rimmel
in Turkey take two capsules twice daily
here two words Ryan look up I need you
to do something actually need you to do
something for me we're at the grocery
store getting more salads actually let
me do that like rice no well we're
picking up some salads and stuff like
that but because YouTube is all about
multiculturalism non racism you know
Gabe's gonna introduce you to the French
language I know I have French viewers
feel free for the next ten seconds Gabe
is gonna talk in French owner in the
grocery store enjoy bullying I don't
know why the girl in bullet has a limbo
challenge but you know why does this
coconut have me as a thumbnail face
though acacia Samantha second Papa Lucas
a very low Latin pombo Silvo accomplice
here at Camp Rosie yo people talk Appeal
affirmed the Potawatomi laughs wait wait
Ryan save your money guy for six le
actually changed me I'm only getting
salad wanna play games you robbed all
those I'll rob the ones he's addressing
that's not easy
have you ranch your avocado and then
same virus I love French people but like
what are you saying
are you hating like section it's the
African hair section can we talk about
this for two seconds I was like yo I
should do need some of this my hair I
was like I wonder what texture this is
like who came in and did that no no no
no what do you need that much for any
type of hair that's how it should look
in honor of Deji we're at the grocery
store you guys know he likes of every
liquid so three will have to do don't
ever come to my house what did I tell
you guys we don't slack Sylvia doesn't
know how to use the machines what she's
working out with us I actually don't
know yo what is this machine bro take it
lay down on your stomach
put your feet on there did you push that
out what
all right and hold that training season
is amongst those boys or girls
no day's awful showing you guys and just
like that another workout knocked off
the list checkmark done but the benefit
of being is how this has you guys know
every time I'm gonna work out the steam
room let's go let's get it are you
steaming okay guys I do not quite know
what's going on in LA but first of all
I'm gonna take a lemon from this lemon
tree and second of all this is the
second day in a row where it is raining
in LA that is just as uncommon as it
like being warm in Canada there's
actually ridiculous but yo shout out to
it because it's low-key washing off my
car it's raining the girls always stay
at the door and then make the boys go
and get getting dirty and now then just
walk thanks everything is going wrong
right now guys literally no we were
eating breakfast that was the last clip
like a lot has happened since then
basically we went to rodeo because I
wanted to take like a cool pic with
Silvia I wanted to get like some
matching outfit that did not happen but
we are on the way to the WWE event that
I told you guys about the other day and
we're running late
we're supposed to be meeting the guy now
and we're not even gonna be there for
another 40 minutes so I don't you know
forget in world but it's raining in LA
there's bad luck but just knowing that
happens gas stick stick strong what got
a stick strong out of stick strong stay
strong
take motivational cool I will be stick
positive Stig yeah and breathe because
everything is gonna be okay guys if you
don't get in okay what is wrestle on the
road yeah
because they know I'm trying to be a
wrestler guys all right so we're just
gonna drive you right onto the arena for
your special guest of the honor but I've
never been so close to a staple center
cinema or facts
oh yeah Pete Valley
alright guys so that is that basically
me and Ryan just came up as we needed a
snack gonna try and find something
healthy here but we met John Cena
we hung out in the back room with WWE
people took some pics it was crazy I
don't know yo I mean I worked one I've
worked when I've never witnessed a it
sing it along yeah this guy's singing
favorite champ like I have nothing
against wrestler fans obviously but like
I just feel out of the loop cuz like
sports games you could follow along you
know the rules
every know it and you know it or you
don't well my wrestler has a chance
every ugh and it's just general chance I
don't know so I'm this year down and we
can't even film in there it's pissing me
off
as a daily vlogger like I need this
camera so I'm gonna call it there I'll
see you guys in the pit ok guys so we
are back I'm with Prince shout out to
WWE for bringing me I already told you
guys I got to meet a bunch of people
sorry Randy Orton doin RKO Matt John
Cena it was like a good enough
experience of wrestling for me I used to
watch wrestling as a kid I don't really
watch it anymore
but I know I got my fix now I'm back at
the house Sylvia ditched me I'm left
here with this friggin guy and literally
across that door Ryan's just filming a
video but rice just dropped a new song
called Bitcoin you guys already know we
got to do a little reaction to it
because I know Kate likes and I'll go
get rice baby you guys already know and
the song is on Danielle her goalie you
guys don't know I am in the process of
making a diss track on Danielle her
goalie because she pissed me the fuck
off the other day and if you also don't
know she dissed rice and if you also
don't know let's just say might have a
likkle feature on the new district but
I'm not gonna say anything else let's
get it to the reaction oh ok wanna be
their action Prince is in the reaction
ladies gentlemen alright so the song is
called Bitcoin Bitcoin is popping this
year I mean viral trend cool it's all
WorldStarHipHop shout out to race we're
getting an R W Star W star hiphop
anyways shout out to Rice I'm just gonna
get right into this reaction and just
know that the bars I have might be
better than this might be better than
this but let's see
there's no music video yet but guarantee
for that let's see what we got
I've been on my Z ash drinking a lot of
liquids on my videos mainly water and
text for my xbox sticks you know about
backpacks hate when I flex those lyrics
already relate to me it'll really make
sense no yeah I got a lot of enemies I
just want to make prints we are you
think of this crown prince is not
feeling it I don't know I'm really
obviously I think a lot of races bars
are fired not just cuz I'm a race fan
and races boy but just because they
actually are fire if you actually think
about them face does look like a rat I
was never gonna say that
and Bitcoin that's why it's called
Bitcoin why I literally haven't heard
this friend song I only heard like the
start but like when you can predict the
lines
it means the build-up is nice
- it's every night system jeez race on
the auto-tune could have been a coke
gang but you decided to be a king damas
talkin shit about me honestly if you
guys even think this is the beginning of
what's coming I'm laughing because you
guys have seen I'm not one to mess with
us when it comes to music I have proven
myself and I literally it's the last
resort I choose every time and I don't
want to do it but Barbie your name is it
don't really make sense
yeah I got a lot of enemies I want to
make amends I don't on the drink floor
either
guys that's fire this guy got it on
worldstar fire let's read some of these
comments real quick somebody put
literally every single prick and Bart
what happened with young boy you weren't
a you want to keep around guess you
really couldn't keep him down are you 14
with rumors did you sleep around God
facts race disrespectful is honestly
guys a quick little reaction to it
that's a banger song I honestly like
some of the songs better but that is
obviously like just a good one it's just
a good one it's just like a here take
this take this you know real quick
and I'll move on with my day Prince what
do you get out of 10 Prince gives it a
10 out of 10 as well but yo enough of
the reaction we are getting back to the
workout fitness time fitness we'll see
let's get a gang dad
how the kid likes I got rights let's get
it get ready doc pulley guys CJ is
actually coming holy I posted an
Instagram picture today with Sylvia on
the car you should be liking my photo
comment the fire emojis BAM the pic
let's hit it to 300,000 likes cuz it's a
banger pick at wolfy on Instagram I
don't know why you're not already
following you boy but because of that
pic so via me were on the car she's like
you never let me drive the car I'm like
word we just got to go to CVS real quick
she's getting sick need some medication
she drives a Mercedes this is 2016 it's
way more powerful like wait a more
powerful than her car her car's just
about like this car so kind of like
nervous to give it to her let's see if
we make it make it a lot this is weird
being passenger car do you know how to
reverse play first make sure we mirrors
are adjusted why can't I see anything
it's so much do you know how to pretend
it you know how to go into like any
gears okay so now you have two mirrors
360 cam and reverse cam do not run into
this car yeah but it's not like your car
your car is like it's a tourney thing
motorsport put that thing in sport yeah
just like that put that thing in sport
all right I'll put it in Sport Sport+
car got louder you have the angles right
here literally have every angle you
could possibly see you're chilling
there's no little cars here I'm being
safe with your equal yeah it's a lot of
power all right let's see
give it a little gas no just give it a
little gas
okay let's see some you feel the pull
when you step on the acceleration don't
run me off this cliff guys there's a
queue
anyways we'll get down the hill and I'm
gonna see if you can get us a power in a
sec all right guys so we got to the
bottom of the hill let's see give it
some gas here we didn't even give it any
to give it any gas there's no cars
okay okay does it stop sentence it stops
as soon as we get in the tunnel guys
every time
Mitch taught me this literally when he's
driving in Lambos every time in the
tunnel the car makes like louder noise
cause it's like an enclosed area and the
echoes so it's like really cool to hear
when we get in the tunnel like right up
here I want you to just floor it I don't
want to be three seconds you're not
gonna go out of your night okay Ambo so
one more speed bump and I want you to
step on the gas for like literally three
seconds as hard as you can
Jesus I'm proud of everyone in this
house guys I'm proud of everyone in this
house
the cloade house the stepping up their
game guys the cleaners came in today and
it is still clean which is an
accomplishment for everyone shout out to
everyone in Cloquet you already know it
at this me and Sylvia are up and it's
surprising because it's like 12 o'clock
and everyone's going to bed we have a
new attitude
everyone's getting motivated everyone's
getting focused everyone's getting on
that Fitness grind so this year is going
to be our year 2018 is gonna be huge
I'm super excited Toby's gonna make her
tea and then I'm gonna edit for the rest
of the night and pass out because we
have a meeting early in the a.m. I love
you guys so much if you made it to the
end of the vlog make sure to smash that
like button let's hit 35 thousand likes
on this vlog get ready for tomorrow's
vlog it's gonna be more games trying to
do some crazy shit I think we might buy
some explosives tomorrow tada
I don't know what's going on but just
know that I told you you need to be
early at the block because I might get
taken down with some crazy it's gonna be
going down comment down below
porcupine at mid to the very end of the
vlog because werewolves is down the belt
and I will see you guys soon all more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
flowers on my main channel and as always
face out
