have you Loki's I'm filming with my
phone because good morning AAA what's
good when Wolfie welcome back to more
Wolfie today me Silvia and Omar are
doing a bit of like house shopping kind
of because Silvia need the spot while we
are in LA so we woke up early this
morning
I forgot my vlog camera I got it all
packed up got all the batteries with me
and now I'm vlogging on my friggin phone
thank God I have an iPhone X but I I
don't know what happened with the camera
it it's disappeared we cannot get into
the frigging building already so we're
starting off with a rough date let's
snatch the like button before the vlog
even begins let's get 35,000 likes with
your nose okay five four three two boom
it let's see if we can make it into the
building all right guys we're looking at
one spot here you guys know this
building obviously finding views across
produce beats do Betty hmm no but not
one like bedrooms downstairs we go
upstairs alright guys so we just
finished up house shopping a little bit
of house shopping I didn't vlog much at
all because I wanted to get like a
really good feel for what the houses
were like put it this way it's stressful
because well two reasons basically after
I just got everything set in Ottawa I
got my visa so like basically I got my
house together we furnished it from
scratch bought a house everything was
good spacious just me and Silvia and
prints and Wolfie jr. living in it and
now we're going back to like square one
we're like kind of resetting because we
need to be in LA for like to do what
we're doing there's a lot more youtubers
and stuff out here so like there can be
a lot more collabs and growth for your
boy Wolfie oh my god what is this
happening so yeah like la is obviously
if I the weather is nice I can frigging
get the car that I want drive it all
year-round cuz I don't have to worry
about snow there's just like so many
issues that I but the problem is
obviously nothing is too good to be true
the price gap literally the price you're
paying for this car is oh I hate this
car the price you're paying for like the
small size you're getting is actually
ridiculous like in Ottawa obviously it's
a lot cheaper because it's Ottawa but I
out here in LA where everyone wants to
live and everyone wants to be somebody
it's friggin expensive for like a tiny
two-bedroom apartment
this card needs to chill with this like
what do you want so I don't know we're
gonna do I think there's a few more
houses that we're gonna go check out in
the in the next couple of days I'll vlog
a lot more of those because those aren't
condos those are physical homes and
there's more space but then the downside
with those is that they're further
outside of LA traffic sucks getting into
LA you're not like in the middle of
everything it's just like time consuming
so there's positives and negatives about
each one but yo about to drop Silvia off
at her Airbnb real quick go back to the
house and pick up that fake Gucci cuz I
think it came in and then we are ready
to go to Rodale because you guys said
you want to see that oh my dress well
yeah I got my Starbucks I used to have a
headache and now I have no headache I
got my caffeine let's get it alright
guys so I just unbox the Gucci from the
Amazon Prime Oz box and you know tell me
what you guys think is this wavy is this
wavy I mean like literally as someone
who has a bunch of real Gucci I like
it's hard to tell that it is fake that's
what I'm saying bro it's hard to tell
that it's fake like it literally looks
real other than the fact that I don't
think they sell this with long sleeves
like a crewneck but this what we got
right here
the Goyard is real so hopefully that
maybe like throws them off a bit also
the off way she was like I'm thinking
just was like how I'm dressed right now
kind of they won't really look too deep
into what I'm wearing but I mean the
goal is to see if they can call me out
because if you're working at the Gucci
store you should know what your products
are and you should know that your wares
I tell them like if they call me out
where so I tell them I got it from look
I got it from like Amazon and I thought
it was really ship the next day yeah
yeah okay blessed so right now here's
the Gucci I'll give you guys one more
look at it the texture is pretty nice
literally like this is as real as it's
gonna get for as fake as it's gonna get
now we're gonna go pick up Silvia and
head to Roadeo okay guys I'm starting to
get nervous we just parked we're pulling
up to the Gucci store right now
like I said I've been there a lot of
times cause I'm kind of a IEP so so
we're gonna figure out like I don't know
I don't know if the guys are gonna call
me out what I'm wearing or what's gonna
happen but I'm praying that they don't
call me out because I don't just be
weird and our friendships done would she
send me a letter in the mail actually so
I think we have like a good friendship
we have to be low-key look like lower
around here
Omar's never been here so I'm gonna show
them the ropes but like rodeo is low she
like bear people out beats so yeah but
like you have to watch the way you act
them okay and I'm already acting like a
goon oh here I can't watch this
I can't be saying a lie and still no no
no but unlike interview Omar low-key
interview Omar still says cuss words all
right guys so we just got to the store
I'm going to mistake
I have to be low-key so I'm filming with
my phone because you're not allowed
filming there and I mean I don't want to
have to vlog camera like I wouldn't
about I want to keep it low-key that's
how they got the iPhone next let's get
it geez I'm gonna ask if they have
something my size so an employee I might
actually have that vitamin C Gucci vans
locally I'm looking for new slides no
these ones are these ones these are all
Mitch I know you go find she if I do
those talking really low-key us well
when you're acting at this one not one
that sort of yeah oh sure can you show
her you got it like the show yeah
where's the Amazon show yo that looks
like there's Amazon today employee we
talked to two employees nobody knows no
one said anything yet I feel like it's
just like how confident you are with it
me and Sofia is buying about you're
buying about no no no no I feel like
they've made these shoes just for me no
no no no no they made it with the fur to
from from a wolf come on it's actually
organic wool found in the hills in
Norway they actually imported to Italy
where they then made the shoes I could
obviously apply they're called whoopee
kicks those bear Wolfie Ralph it's it's
it's a wolf your apps exclusive allowed
get it now these are the croc collab
yeah you can see cuz that's why it's
crossed because mosquitoes actually are
eaten by crops and then in linear black
because I'm late to see the stars you
know I like to do it again going
upstairs giving the camera tomar pass
this is where the clothes are so this is
where they might be me
yo like triple XL I guess you can check
at the end ladies yes and no I come with
you free like whatever specific no
nothing specific just show more you have
a trip because I know that for sure I
don't know maybe I'm just getting bad
vibes but we're still lacks the tiger
with a black kebab also just an
off-white like this is it classic yeah I
might try this one you have any similar
ones too like this one with the tiger
design or anything um we did but then it
just sold out it's super oversized yeah
see what I have maybe a double X yeah if
you could check that like drop shoulders
and everything yeah okay yeah I know
these ones just usually sell out quick
yeah try this one I don't me to bring
them off white in this nah I'm gonna try
this in this one okay the pump
okay let me see if I had that he's
actually got hurt guys this is the real
looks the same she looks like I'm sure
other than the texture like even the
texture you cannot tell the difference
so I'm gonna try on the real one and the
monster fake ones missing the hood yeah
yeah try it on okay oh the texture and
there just the weight of it you can tell
is like what different way different
looks the exact same
I'm stress oh my god I can't get it just
the kids wavy but I have this shirt and
just cuz like I have this shirt I can't
get it
okay guys I think it's safe to say we
Came we Came we saw we conquered no
one's gonna know I'm too confident I got
the go yeah yeah cuz it's a fake yo guys
we're just leaving the store right now
complete smooth trip like no one noticed
that it was fakers but I had to comp the
new Gucci and now we're going on like a
little tour of Rodeo for Oman I'm jeez
don't ever take a pic on a car that's
not yours a lot no no no no oh my god
guys what did we just do
Silvia is taking up noxious snaps let me
see your wrist what do you have hold on
let it focus guys oh god cardi eight
diamonds all over my body matching your
polish hold up guys god damn early
InterVarsity gift us diamonds rose gold
holy
it's a fab what am i doing so silly you
just had to go to an appointment but yo
today is a productive day for me because
now I'm friggin over driving this bin
like every time I come to LA and I come
here so often now every time I come here
I got a rent-a-car because like I said
you can't do it without a car but I'm
not trying to drive this Ford Explorer
I don't want a big body vehicle I just
want to wit like a small car nothing
crazy because the car lab on Ottawa a
crazy car and I'll need two of those
I'm actually a practical YouTube thinker
don't we're going to Mercedes right now
I'm gonna see what they haven't stopped
and like how fast I can get it to me but
I'll let you guys know what Cardian I'm
our risk I didn't even hit this it
uh-huh here okay guys I think we found
the car and it wasn't like a rushed
decision this is like one of the cars I
wanted to get before I got my first like
book after I got my master I wanted to
get this car for time I'll show you guys
this car like it's not as crazy as my
Auto Walker but it's still a wavy car so
I'm kind of H about it got some
paperwork and stuff but I'm gonna have
to fill out because I'm from candidates
might be a little complicated but I
think we're gonna get it done as quick
as possible because this rental is over
you I'm going to show you this car that
I almost got this is the car almost got
in Ottawa so get ready for this I mean
assigning the dream car I was gonna get
this one Canada with the friggin red
calipers sedan like come on get in you
know what's a good Mercedes a little
girl on the floor what they didn't have
it in stock guys this is gonna be a
mission getting into Canada was gonna be
a mission so I had to settle for
something better anyways we got to get
out of here because look at this alright
guys so for those who are who suck at
math wine plus dinner equals winner you
here to your first win whoa relax I'm
trying to give these kids a math lesson
man see I wine plus dinner equals winner
again wine plus dinner equals winner so
if you guys are a winner just know
you're actually just wine and dinner
which isn't a bad thing just know all
right guys so we just finished up a
Mercedes we do you know the life hack
what's the life hack you know the life
hack hold on this
the light hack no way no one with a life
hack of what you do when you when you
want food where you want to go home nah
show me what is it hosts mates your food
so that it gets to the house at the same
time you get to the house hold on I
taught them that geo you're telling me
bridge can order now by the time I get
there it's gonna be I'm gonna be there
jeez fathers who don't know this is like
Charlie two words what is the scooter in
there which one this one here that this
is for home where do you see it almost
the halacha is in but now I'm saying
pork freedom and am poor KO work me up
Jonny but anyway guys so yeah we just
finished up in Mercedes and now we're
gonna head back to the crib wait yo one
more thing one more thing how much do
you trust me bro my eating fork for real
no no how much do you trust me I trust
you but no like avocados like guac like
avocados yeah I could go with some what
come on okay oh because I'm gonna get us
the same thing from a place and you're
just gonna eat it
alright taste test here we go here here
first here we go this and you guys is
the challenge for today whatever I order
challenge you have to eat we should do
that for video actually okay I'm
ordering it ready what is this a chicken
can you ordered I'm stressed like double
click to pay what is it close mates you
need to give me a friggin unlimited food
sponsorship because like I order off you
guys so much
oh that means no no no no imagine eating
pigeon feed now because it's on its way
basic yeah we just finished up a
Mercedes just got some gas apparently
gonna get some food now I know what I'm
eating but hopefully it's not like don't
say a word just eat like two words this
is the wavy a sandwich I've ever tried
another the only thing you know that's
for sure on there was like lochia taste
test like two words work me no no no no
big motor pork no pork no pork I didn't
get it with pork I know you can't eat
that
alright so yo
is there like two words turkey bacon no
no no can you interview with you yeah
okay you're good
is it sir you're making my special
delivery
I don't even know where there's so many
things on there oh this is not that's
not
that's turkey bacon oh I know it took
you make it smells like fat and then all
your friggin all your your fancy trust
darkman yeah yeah thank you God break
towards cha cha mind
yo Jesus bro yo this is bacon no bacon
where is it turkey bacon
what I knew it bro bake it at Turkey you
have to call me again you know it's
ridiculously good I'm one solid fat
cells no yes I'm what you know okay well
that was the best taste test of the day
let me eat mine yo I forgot there was
bacon our Loki is actually vacant real
bacon
not yeah it is welcome to you baby yeah
you can't eat it raw taste test every
day I take take a bite take a bite take
a bite - you can take a break - no no no
I look you forgot there's bacon on it
how good is that
alright guys so we had a productive day
today we did so much and honestly
tomorrow's gonna be a productive day too
because we're gonna be awake at like
10:00 a.m. we have a super top secret
main Channel video that we're filming
that's taking multiple days to get it
done but tomorrow should be that day
maybe another day after that but after
that I promise it's gonna be that David
yo today just like Charlamagne tha God
always has to do this guy always gives
our donkey of the day and I told you
guys I'm gonna be giving out W's and
Elle's of the day so I got the W and
see this might be nice assisting AF
today I think that I should hold the W
because I got a lot done today was
productive for me we're having a good
day
I didn't crack my head on the friggin
window mirror like Fraser so I think I'm
staying positive
Omar maybe you can get the W tomorrow
your Instagram pic could hit an all-time
high of likes which one oh this one I'm
gonna kill him
wow you guys should really like all my
sins together Pig that was crazy oh but
seriously guys if you haven't liked my
school pic for some reason that says I'm
17 and shows all the proof in fact I'm
17 it's it's me and my high school guys
I don't know why you keep questioning it
go down and smash that like button on
the pic Wolfie is my Instagram right
there going to the pic right there
comment the filling emojis and I will be
commenting back and DMing some of you
guys that do that
let's get that pic to 300,000 likes
because will fails best family in the
world right yeah yeah anyways yo I think
me and Omar gonna hit the hay now
probably not but we have this dis
tractor right so we gotta get to work
honestly you guys we've been getting a
few bars but we need a lot more heat bar
so tomatoes that night yeah my thinking
brain on get ready for that dis track
because it's gonna be you're
thinking brain on a thinking cap on your
brain thinking brain cap on brain needs
a big brain 35,000 links on this blog if
you made to the very end comment down
below yeah and I'll comment back that
way I know you made it to the very end
in your loyal wolf fam and I will see
you guys soon all more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more Savage and as
always stay Savage what the friggin hell
is what we're doing why is this guy just
taking interviews everyone in the
clubhouse be like Spanish leggo
