good morning hey you know what kids
avoid Wolfie welcome back to more we'll
see it's very early in the am guys I
think it's like 8 or 9 a.m.
and me and Bongo just woke up so I'm
going to go ahead to go take them up and
we are going to go drive to the 6:00 to
pick Ryan up that's what we're doing
today I don't know if we're going to
come back today or if we're going to
come back tomorrow but me and Bongo when
we're together we always fucking Yolo it
so can you stay in there for the night I
don't think we're going to stay there
for two nights we have to find an air
B&B like on the right out because we
don't have a place to stay so we're
gonna stick it out as you go but you
know you gotta live life on the seat of
your fucking pants or however the fuck
that saying go let's guys say by this
guy first okay bye now guys the thing
about these long road trips is that
usually I like to edit in the car cuz I
like to be super productive Bongo
actually likes driving so I think I'm
gonna let Bongo drive this car while we
go to Toronto I let Ryan Drive it I let
Sylvia drive it so pretty sure I can let
him drive it especially because he
fucking drugs a lot so yo you ready here
quick gas fill up before we and then
there's also Tim Horton so we're going
to grab food and coffee and then we're
on the road also cannot forget on a road
trip you're going to need some snack and
of course water because water is amazing
and today I am feeling honestly I'm just
going to get a DS bottle of Evian
today's news everyone and then I'm going
to grab some red Bull - diesel
I think or maybe a four pack now got a
four pack here lastly is a quick car
wash before we cut and then again we're
on real quick I'm not going to bore you
guys with the trip - I didn't touch down
on the highway with Elvis
all right we just hit the highway and
we're gonna be in Toronto in three
seconds so three two one
okay guys we are in Toronto we just
pulled up to Ryan Swayze's house here
this is missing
Thanks Marley's crying right now because
mom might be crying oh hi long drive put
some shoes on three into six and alright
whenever your own virtual world
everything is packed in the car it
literally just fit I just tried to bring
an extra fucking light you know the boys
own light so basically now we have to
figure out a place to stay
Airbnb who knows the thing about the
Airbnb is right now is like last-second
booking anything you want in Toronto is
like a grand or it's just a shit place
to say so you might get a hotel guys add
another W to the list we just won a
coffee from the second roll up to rim
thank God we got to long got me a second
one so technically I lost one and one
one today so it's an even day I
shouldn't be drinking it you want okay
eyeball merciless I should be drinking
any other coffees though because fucking
one o'clock and I already had two so
what the heck so guys since we're in the
six we're going to be doing it do you
know Ryan please six edition
welcome back I'm your host Wolfie and
got Ryan's wave headed back so I love
you guys Bongo in the front what what's
up guys
you said bite we're going to see if
squeeze nation are in Ottawa or in
Toronto I say Ottawa you know right
sways knuckle G done
and you know graduate who's at YouTube
it's your boy Swayze babe you finishing
my editing session government makes edit
zone right here table it's late
oh my god guys and just like that I'm
done Guzman put a dot in his license
plate to have a fucking website that's
all I gotta say honestly kind of genius
but I'm kind of nodded in thing about
that first also I want to give a huge
shout-out to the dirtiest car in this
garage
vote over six Toronto does not have
whether to get like this so why is your
car like this oh my god guys Ryan just
pulls the most crazy move he did my
instant beer tie this is what happens
when you chill whoopee routes Oh still
going yeah put three plates on your face
I got it oh it's good now now we gotta
go right right for everyone asking me
how to go viral and if I go viral
okay I got your the loud David alright
guys I need you
but here we go guys ten-second right you
good come on so step three three one oh
my god
let's go oh you did it this is crazy
anyways guys use Airbnb quick pan ematic
pet center and I am except enter
panoramic shot basically lickle my room
bathroom kitchen
another design drafting pissed me off
okay and that's it and then we have one
closet where you can take lit selfies in
the mirror that's it
good morning good morning good morning
guys we are moving this vlog in on to
the next day check out the weather
actually want to go on the porch hope
you guys are having a good day even
though it's the same vlog I hope you're
having a fucking amazing day keep it
right now this is my likkle view of the
little city in the morning I don't know
where the CN Tower is I honestly have no
clue we are in Toronto right now but I
wish that I could be telling you guys
that I'm having an amazing day but I'm
kind of not I'm a little annoyed right
now
rant wolfies ought to come out basically
last night i uploaded the video it was a
really good video ok cementy is drink in
the world i upload on my main channel
and it was banging like better than any
video has done before
but you always know nothing can be too
good to be true
so literally right before i was going to
go to bed i was checking up on the stock
of the video and i was like yo this
videos doing really well like i should
fucking do more these people really seem
to like these youtube I guess seems to
like them I guess I promoting I don't
know what the fuck's going on but it's
doing well put it this way guys
right before I went to bed the video got
age-restricted you guys know my fucking
actors YouTube have had a lot of videos
get falsely age-restricted and what
happens with your video age-restricted
is basically they start promoting it the
video stops going on recommended pages
like all of this stuff happens so
basically the views when you drop the
video I'm going to let you guys that on
some background on YouTube a lot of the
time they're like really good at this
story because a lot of people are
watching then they're like okay a little
bit down down down down down morning
comes they go back up up up up up and
then they never rise too high but
basically here's of my graph looks like
it was like high down down down and got
ate restricted boob it's on the floor
and it's still riding the floor all good
morning I reached out to a few people to
try and get it sorted out but like I
don't know what's going on so I want for
being a super happy mood to being in a
super annoyed and set up in pitched mood
so I was wolf is going to come out we
got to make moves I can't let this stop
my day basically we're just cleaning up
the Airbnb now I just cleaned up my room
Bongo is just cleaning up his room and
then we are going to cut so let's go
Chipotle for breakfast alert Starbucks
is right beside it
that combination ain't nothing like a
good readable
walk out of the lane
I'm going to Sembach we are about to
leave Toronto but we literally found
scooby-doo and Shaggy in the gang
I can see Velma in the fucking way
applause you ready
hey Pat why you driving it come on
no you're right Rancho chill need to
settle down no you need to calm down
what the heck we like to play the trial
our leg I suppose Jimmy
yeah life is pleated that license we
back in Ottawa alert right here now
forever
what you here forever yeah we're here
here guys let me tell you it doesn't
really feel good to be back in Ottawa
but at the same time it kind of feels
good to be back right yeah Ryan to you
know really is living in Ottawa or we're
going to go check out beds for him
because this guy doesn't have a bed and
Shawn just pulled a prank on him and his
rooms a little messy so you need a bed
to sleep on a life you can't sleep on
what are you screaming with you do that
so basically I guess it's just a prank
where the Alpha host I might even join
in on that even though I don't live
there and I can come hang on all man
it's starting now it is thirty now you
guys are all fucked I dare Shawn to
frankly guys tell Shawn to pray me so I
can fuck them up it's not a break me so
I cranked and green Beemer anyways guys
yeah we're going bed shopping supply
shopping everything's back to normal
haven't even been home yet I told Sylvia
I was gonna be home like an hour ago but
then I was like nah I need supply system
always got to be a banger day guys
showed up to one of my very first jobs
ever Pier one Imports you already know
you was a stock boy there it was I was
like a year ago when I was 16 I was a
struggle okay you got to just take it as
you live it I don't know what the quote
is well basically you appreciate what
you're doing so much more when you have
a shitty job and my mom told me that
she's like you have to have a city job
before you have a job that you like just
so you can appreciate it more anyways
sleep country Canada imagine hey guys I
do not have good memories about these
beds last bed stars in Wasilla I jumped
on a bed and broke it so I'm gonna stay
far away from these ones and just you
know give it a nice touch there Mirian a
statute can you cinema
oh oh okay
yo right get this row here going down
going up on a Tuesday what does this one
do cool
saying it's raising all this is raising
the bed yeah why is this which for the
bed this is cheesy me I'm so proud of
this guy we found them a mattress that
wasn't into whichever one you like more
yeah there's two mattresses that are
good one of them is a spring mattress
which is kind of fast but two of them
are pretty good like for whatever price
is like yeah one's pretty blessed it's
really comfy it's not gonna be that
small the fucking Queen ah yeah and it's
free delivery here guys free so I think
we found please why did I find the most
wavy mattress in the game guys oh my god
the forensic buttons are going up going
down oh shit my legs are riding hard my
legs are right now they're going down
now my back's going up back down how
fuckin much can I bend and I put myself
into a human pretzel is the question or
will I get kicked out of so yo who's
sleeping like this who is sleeping like
okay it won't let me go anymore
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo I'm bringing the
legs up now huh okay that's the maximum
I'm cheese I can't hear myself next
thing I need shaving cream but I say it
like that I don't know found it but I
played myself guys I didn't get a basket
so we'll get a function back all right
got - all right - good what time is it
some time inside vacation
guys it is time to go to ball friend
wow I'm too nice to fucking vlog camera
leave it literally like boo boo boo boo
but uh I feel smiling so crazy
- easy alright I'm picking up more jelly
real I know I'm joking I'm picking up
different shit well guys welcome back to
my mom is in a crazy opportunity and cat
lady group on Facebook I'll be telling
our stories that's enough you named the
kittens according to a certain theme 73
paintings rock rock sapphire I'm Ruby I
name them all like in a scene but that
litter comes first amazing every command
one litter there was three chickens and
ones named after female rock stars of 74
one was funny and I just crazy something
I don't know what anyway so this is what
their little TV has so hot ladies have
fun guys hey everybody was wearing boots
but she's grown up she's growing up I
thought host my cat who's a dog that
died for the cat
everyone comment down below you know the
name we need to pray for this cat that
died and everyone night it took a big
impact on the group I remember those
days guys comment down below to join the
Abyssinian cat girl on Facebook I will
invite you why yeah that's the president
has we create a crazy cat lady what they
do have one guys send me pictures of
your avocation count Google Google
opportunity got a show except you my mom
will see the place would be like that's
TV time another new yo yeah I do see be
a happy
Jesus Christ man alright guys that's it
for today's Abyssinian cat group join us
next time I'm fuckin crazy dog lady yeah
now dogs next you're about to join one
just for my dogs you're in the African
American bone Society who broke their
their humor today you're teasing me
course upon a bone input is it not what
it's going
is it not sweet I swear was awesome yeah
going input I thought it was born in see
now whatever is American bomber and
Google it what does it orthopedic
surgeon you there's a branch of surgery
concerning conditions involving
musculoskeletal system oh my fault why
have my dog more smarter than your dog
why does my dog have an IQ of 180
get out of here why is my dog go to
Harvard this is for something else hold
on I need my tear
creator I'm so fucking lame this room is
so light you didn't add up to your level
six looks like Sir John I have to look
at illegal ah yeah yeah yeah that looks
like there's you might never make
youtube video again okay can you shine
my shoes
yeah once it all right I'll get to some
now okay God let me know let me know
when to my hey judge I love you shoutout
to Loblaws for putting on the Where's
Waldo boots okay guys the jail boots are
in style I don't care if you guys don't
think okay it looks like I'm crying
right now because I have allergies okay
not because I hurt myself or anything
but alright i'm actually merged with
those fucking are swag right now happy
ho
if you have completed healing balloons
Ocho crashing brian is in different
places and the cold cold water with you
I hope you know Monsieur I'll be your
lifeline tonight yo are you sure if you
need a cart or anything hey the boys
back your boys back guys my ice still
Merc yo you're a hurt yes
mighty got punch punched whoa are you
serious
tonight yo quit acting out bro fucking
behave bro be cave sit I'm asking
regiment acting regular life well you're
the one with Malta we're this is multi
broke you're just not cut out for this
yeah I'm not a little bit but you're not
original four years associate my I see
quite a row why don't you just like
because you're teasing me
you need to honey come back with
something get her yeah okay we're done
with it we're not actually done guys I
got a limo right now just with double
banger two lines and he's not not out
okay that was awkward
oh come on you need to chill bro when
you flop on our plans don't sugarcoat it
because then your frosting you're
flaking time you don't see where vanilla
is with your personal over here relax
Anila but I don't know I don't like
strawberry cos growth me nah go in
strawberry guys so it's officially late
at night now my gel can become moldy
here feeling sluggish because I think my
allergies acting up but you tubers still
not gone back to me about the age
restriction shit so I don't know what's
going on with that but it's kind of
annoying cheesing me okay
it is cheesing me I know it's the
weekend so hopefully I hear back on
Monday but there's that and they also
fucking I don't know what's going on but
when I uploaded my blog earlier today
the thumbnail was all glitchy and some
shit was happening so I swear I feel
like YouTube is trying to shut me down
right now there's one guy there has to
be at least one guys just doesn't rate
me so wolf and we're going to keep
pushing through this we're gonna make it
they're gonna keep watching movies we're
gonna keep grinding we're gonna keep
drinking water here
some of my inspirational words for the
day what the heck miss Vicky why are you
coming up with new flavors why is every
chip company coming out with a billion
new flavors right now
why doesn't miss Vicky's have harvest
cheddar and herb flavor okay guys this
is ridiculous it's getting to the point
because I'm a fucking magician fanboy
like I love my jalapeno I love peace
Alton more vinegar it's wavy shit so it
is very late right now but I'm going to
try these tomorrow but I just wanted to
bring to your attention that I'm going
to just call it right now I think these
are going to be I do think these are
going to be late I'm going to make
everyone try them tomorrow because it's
a film date everyone is trying those
chips before we fucking finish the date
including these friggin dogs I'm not
rubbing your belly I'm not oh good boy
though and Prince has even been liking
me more guys who used to dislike me a
bit because I don't know have a bitch
but not like me but I am back with BAE
right here guys
I'm so happy and I'm gonna end the vlog
off now because I haven't seen ur it's
been like a full 20 not even 24 hours a
lot too long for her not a lot too long
for me what but I'm gonna spend some
time with Silvia we're going to watch a
show and then I'm going to hit the hay
early today because I don't know what it
is but I think that car ride just got me
sick partially probably not and like I
didn't really sleep much while I was
there because the fucking age
restriction shit piss me off but that's
besides the point I think I'm getting
sick I gotta get a good head a bed of
sleep tonight so I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog if you did do not forget to
smash that like button let's hit 27
thousand likes on this video comment
down below
Sonlight if made it to the very end of
the vlog and I will comment back to a
shitload of you guys that comment
sunlight and I will see you guys soon on
more will see where we say a little bit
more flowers in my main channel and as
always stay package oh my god I burbs
Lego
