good morning ale with me Liza was back
for more Wolfie okay what are you doing
dog right now I'm driving to my mom tell
us to film a banger with Bronco yah do
you know what the it is I listening
some future maps off the phones banger
banger banger banger season guys get
ready I hope you guys are having an
amazing day
holy okay I got the dog Chris run
with you brother I know it's cold I know
it's cold goo goo goo goo I'm in warmer
right now but my mom has me feeling so
much of this book because I'm wearing
you can and the crotch area sags like
heavy on them my mom's like yo it looked
like you just took it crap when you
yourself put out everyone that looks at
me I feel like there take you the same
to the guy mom's but I think they're
kind of easy and I bought them when J I
was doing the five hundred dollar
challenge and I thought they were cool
my mom just shot down my confidence
every time I'm buying video supplies the
people in the store always think I'm
like wild and crazy because I buy so
much of what I buy for the videos like
oh you must love those things I'm like
yeah yeah I love this thing check out
this car this car got egged oh that's
nice oh I just blocked this guy
from turning and guys I'm all over the
place right now and he's driving away
now he hates pvap but yeah I got the
supplies I think Bongo and dad are going
to be filming with me so they're going
to be meeting me on my house right about
now and I'm gonna meet them there let's
get it welcome have to tell you
something I just got to wait like two
seconds okay I promise I will tell you
what I mean like yeah hold on no get
right bitch imma get right with you dead
bitches finish my face I really
didn't take no pictures
okay I didn't really have anything to
tell you guys I just wanted to
step out of this bug it's so
fire I don't know if you guys ever do
that but I always troll my
friends that's what I want to see like a
lyric of the song a little bit yeah
you're chill chill chill yo fam
relax bro just hold up I'm in love when
you say pop you gonna throw it a
lyric a there another banger filmed the
cleanup on this one is really easy guys
check out this coming okay how hard it
appears
satisfying though look anyways we're
gonna go get food now but uh here's my
bid you already know we had to get
though work hard work cause he already
said that you two were here you talked
manager what we just filmed literally
destroyed my mouth and my throat my face
blood so having a taste of anything
right about now sounds so appealing but
I cannot wait a month right now
well guys tax season is upon us which
means it's time to be an adult
seventeen-year-old adults me until they
are about to go to my mom's and figure
this out with my mom and dad I also want
to ship out the prizes today because the
people already responded to the emails
again shout out to you guys at one but
just a lot of like small things that I
need to get done because tomorrow
Volvo wants to go to Toronto because
basically something's happening and
vomiting to go to Toronto for that to
happen to help someone do something
and he's going alone so far I'll say you
know what bungle I'll roll with you if
you drive I'll edit in the whip up so I
can be productive and you can still get
work done be looking at me like that
you're teasing me and why is my camera
damn it so girl oh my god okay princess
I hold up my camera she's broke when I
was logging I literally didn't beep it
here don't leave me okay guys the
cameras finished it there you can see so
even gone um and hold up hold up
literally you're going to hear me I'm
doing surgery on the back tell me if
this hurts guys code up oh my god I
really got a screw this part in god Mike
I'm not try to
good much better no shake anyways one of
my mom's health right now that is the
first step of our day journey I'm kind
of cheese that I don't have time to
personally deliver one of the iPhones
for the girl in Ottawa next
giveaway or if anything happens where I
can deliver it because it's someone
living in Auto I'm doing it I just don't
have time today but I still love you
shout it to you okay guys so I literally
just shipped out the iPhones but I ran
into a crazy fan shout out to the number
one wolf am right here we wanted to show
people out there you go Oh showing you
Luo Tian's Dane awesome people Fuji is a
guy from one of his
busy today he didn't back within the
front yard he did the back lift hey you
already know to turn the camera - this
is my mini vlogger guys so shut up -
Lucci and Zayn you guys are the best
and shout out to him I hope you guys
believe that he actually met me you got
to show this to your friends but yeah
now we're else so guys we're getting
some tax stuff done
this niggas license plate is actually
tax plan but uh I can't do anything
right now because I'm with a different
Bank in my bank is unfortunately not
openly we try doing everything online
but it was just frustrating so I'm just
going to go to the bank I think tomorrow
if I have time in the morning I'm
banging it out because honestly took
them a lot less time than it took me and
I was going struggling home but how are
just going to run the warmer real quick
I have an idea
I you not guys his license plate is
tax plan so for my video I need a CD
case but I don't know if walmart sells
CD cases anymore I think they just sell
CDs so if it comes down to it I'm going
to call some CDs and use the case but
not listen to the music in which case
I'd have to catch such an album that's
dirty opponent no one listens to so I'm
looking around right now don't seem to
see any cases it might be an actual
album ting in which case we're going to
 in these one party time carry oh my
god chaos 20 bucks never mind never mind
never mind never mind my bucks 5 bucks
karaoke series grows in addition that's
too much so wow I had nothing we're
looking at dollar Emma now personally
hopefully I can find them but I feel
like I'm getting like a little bit of a
sniffle right now okay guys so we're
about to start this DIY so I bought a
stuff from Walmart for my rulers and
everything but it's roll up the rim time
here's my record boom wins and lots of
you guys are keeping up with me we're
going to do a nice bone bone please play
again because definitely I buy that one
mostly checkers all doesn't fall
step one in making this hologram
screen okay guys what you're going to
want to do is basically get a piece of
paper you're going to want to measure
one centimeter at the top this is going
to be a straight line down the middle
six centimeters at the bottom then
you're just going to connect the dots
you're going to have one two three four
of these pieces will yo Gil wait how do
you do that skin clean under you didn't
watch the video you're not getting pay
attention I'll see how you do it
check hello next step you're going to
want to buy because they don't sell CD
cases anymore its 2017 they don't sell
individual CD case by themself you're
going to want to go to the dollar store
pick up the wackest music you can find
okay give me three steps southern rock
the original masters we're just
basically going to talk to CD in the
garbage but pick up a bunch of these
guys I'll show you a few more the
biggest loser
last chance to work out god you need
this one yes one for Sylvia of course
best friends songs that celebrate a
special bond and this one is by Chicken
Soup for the Soul I loved you can see no
I got one for everyone guys so relax
this one is sleep my mom can grab that
and then obviously I got a one
for Destin a taste of honey wheat
instrumental collection that's funny
there you go so everyone's got a c-can I
have them all back for your Deming oh my
god that's that so if you guys seriously
every time you come to the house you
ready humble top it good good thing I
just killed I didn't even think what'd I
just do my yeast I just throw so I've
taped all my pieces right here I'm gonna
cut them out with this ruler and this
knife right here I also lost a piece so
I don't know what I'm going to do about
that
so I think I already screwed up this
nice the exacto knife is already pretty
dull on the end for some reason and I
can't cut this out because I played
myself and didn't cut off these edges so
I'm just going to skip to one of them
this process okay so I finally finished
up guys and basically what I did was I
taped each of the pieces together so it
kind of looks like this this is the
shape this is the bottom it's kind of
flimsy but once you like put it on a
flat surface it works or at least it
stands up so now I'm going to test it
out on the video I whipped up like a
hologram video I'll leave a link to that
in the description and it should plug in
work now I'd even use the gorilla glue
that I bought I should if I wanted to be
more sturdy but smash the like button if
this works so I must turn off all
the lights in this room and that's just
it and see if it works oh hold up hold
up hold up one more light BAM this
should be turning any iPhone into a 3d
hologram screen as you guys can see
right now it is not working but if we
take this and shift it into the middle
Oh check that out guys check that out
nope move it like this with okay look
how cool that looks right now guys you
can see the jellyfish flying in midair
oh what's next eh
that fish is that a fish like a goldfish
oh now you can see the fish floating can
you see it from this angle yeah you can
see it from this angle and this side oh
nothing is on the screen oh it's hard to
get this angle but you can see it look
how cool this looks guys floating in
mid-air just from an iPhone and
literally like a CD case that's all you
need I know it's really dark but check
look at you hummingbird floating in
mid-air god damn look how he's moving
from Santa's eyes that's so cool the
jellyfish is probably my favorite though
I've almost wrong with my camera but
like literally my screens going berserk
I know you guys can't see right now I
think I might need to get a new camera
like a vlogging camera right now you can
hear it shaking constantly and oh
that's really bugging me every time I
screw it in it like it unscrews itself
within like two seconds I guess I shake
it around and drop it too often so this
might be an RI of this camera but
tomorrow I'm going to Toronto and they
probably will have one in stock at one
of the locations there so I might have
to pick up a new a but this cameras
chasing me I'm going to scream like this
like I see myself anyways right now I'm
literally with the dog two dogs I know
you guys are so tired
together exhausted right now Silvia
forgot her friggin laptop charger at my
mom's oh so she doesn't ran back to go
get it I took care of the two dogs right
now I'm supposed to be up by like 10
a.m. I think nine or ten is when we
embargo are leaving tomorrow it's
already 1:00 a.m. so I should probably
be in bed by now but I don't do what
normal people probably do I don't know
I'm yelling so loud because Sylvie's not
here usually should be like quiet down
try and get loud try and get
sleep over here but she's like an old
lady
you're blocking yo okay so here you know
home I can I can yell well yeah right
now I'm pretty much just sitting on the
counter and I'm contemplating life right
now guys David just made a gaming
channel Sean made a gaming channel jad
made a gaming channel and I do have a
lot of my play right now but I've always
wondered what would we like to
make a gaming channel because basically
back in the day I used to game really
hard I'm pretty good at video
games comes naturally just because I've
done it my whole life
I used to game hardcore so let me know
if you guys would want to see a Wolfie
gaming channel because I know I
mentioned that back when I made this
channel I said I would do games and I
just got hooked on vlogs maybe on my
extra extra time because this is more
Wolfie I mean I do kind of play video
games with the boys like here and there
so let me know by smashing the like
button and commenting down below if you
guys would with me and if you guys
have watched me if I were to make a
gaming channel I know I always tell you
guys it's much like button but this one
is super important make sure to hit it
if you guys are actually interested in
seeing me make a gaming channel okay
guys serious question serious
inquiry I want to know because I could
probably drop a video from here to there
I'm not guaranteeing like everyday or
anything like that because I have a lot
on my plate like I said but if you guys
are interested in that comment down
below and hit the like button just so I
know you if you want to see if I can get
your channel because digging all the
rest of my boys looking gaming channels
and I play with some near to there so
and I can record it and throw it on
YouTube so let me know because that
would be dope and yeah comment
down below what games you want to see me
play because I got a ps4 if it comes
down to it I could get an Xbox or
whatever system you guys really
with I think ps4 is pretty poppin right
now though so what games would you want
to see me play like solo what games
would you want to see me play with my
boys play with Silvia I could play games
with my pair
and whoever you want to see me play
games with and what game you want to see
me play play games games with I can do
that for y'all do you guys want to see
me play games no because you're police
you guys are freaking not even grinding
what even in sleep sleep is for the weak
I need a Charlotte rapping over
here I'll mentor that cheese cheese
cheese giggle so good anyways guys I'm
gonna end the vlog off there it was a
long day a lot of grinding and a lot of
just behind the scenes with the like
behind the scenes paperwork which I
don't want to talk too much about but
your boys figuring it out it's stressful
but I think I'm going to get through
this and then we can just party
all night long so hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog go smash the like button let's
hit 27 thousand likes on this vlog also
you guys already know what to comment so
I'm not going to say that but try what I
tried with the 3d hologram because that
 is wild and let me know if you guys
actually successfully pulled it off
really it's just like a CD case but
you're probably gonna out so maybe
two or three CD cases like an exacto
knife it's pretty damn basic in an
iPhone but yeah again I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit I think I cut my elbow more
exceptions than my main channel and as
always face savage that no boy if you
don't
