good morning what thank you I love you
welcome back tomorrow it lit hold on
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's gonna
bow anyways good morning wolf am right
now I am driving to go get the boys we
are going to go get some squad prep fish
I wanted to go get wings with them but
they were like Matt's too early for that
so we're going to Gabriel's we're
getting that breakfast Jackie no today's
and now we're starting the day off good
I actually woke up at a decent time even
though I went to bed at like well Kim
honestly I think it was like 5:00 a.m.
last night but we in this bitch before I
go pick up the boys I gotta go pull a
morning troll on DJ first the morning
troll today is since DJ lives in Toronto
now we're all I go let's go get
breakfast DJ's I know you're going to
pick me up so I pulled up to DJ's old
crib just said to miscreate out of the
house and I was like yo DJ are you
coming bongos like this guy just pulled
up for all purposes let's go
I'm waiting on DJ's response to that I
might face time the man I'm gonna
FaceTime and act like I'm like really
rational yo what are you saying are you
coming or what going to sneak he's not
answering because these bills over to
troll them lives this fucking guy okay
DJ after you I'm coming in with heat
next time we didn't breakfast shut up to
all the boys that are joining me on
breakfast Dave where you at though easy
where you at you want it you want the
balls loose you know I'll kill you will
hit with a couple of group meals us that
alert on to the next one one time shout
out to my girl Stephanie teen AMA me
that told me she's ask you is real guys
we love her yeah just had to give her
love because we're now boys right now
guys if you want to build your beard and
make it thicker
put the beard oil alert well this is a
concoction this isn't even what it says
this disgusting there's a wise are the
weirdest shape looking at okay you take
it you put in the end I think and then
need to people
monkian this thing grows your beard and
dark contribute all-in-one like a oil
hat promotes like hair grows and stuff
so here you need to put it right here
guys I'll never have a oh that's alright
give me your beard yeah what are you
saying so on a shopping spree today
apparently H&M has like some of the
weekend new merch so we're gonna go
check it out I got my my kick song
sitting on my white cake the kick game
is fired today he's got his Jordan jazz
Lisa FINA shoes and then David got the
zebra zebra alert you don't get a
compliment today you can never wear them
again and the compliment can be from one
of us okay baby I'll let you guys go see
gets the compliment I think I will get
one summer is coming up guys or a
rocking bucket hat with you where you
have to go like this and have your
shoulders up the whole time yeah and
you'll see so it turns out we're all
getting bucket hats actually guys we all
have to be on like video game Ryan it's
actually crazy boom they have your
underwear at the store this is crazy row
the pump auntie why is this the most
comfortable thing I've ever felt in my
life
Volcom alert it's like squish this guy's
now I can't shop any market some
squishing it Dave get the person stuff
they usually hold up I don't cop shoes
unless I can see myself in them look
sicker they use those check out my
reflection guys you can see the vlog keV
so we can merch is in that's caught I
have to be bonded to MLB
you want to talk and I want to cover
prison just nigga bought the last thing
on the jacket apparently they're sold
out
tell them we'll pay more I'll see you
guys because the jackets are sold out
what's okay I'm gonna grab the next
shirt and just write XO on the back here
why we kept her calm cheese this man
found a sweater and it's large some only
bottle analysis Oh
XO picture that doesn't fit it's more
small it doesn't fit fuck this guy this
is my mood the weekend is when booth you
guys know every time I come here I like
to grab some of the fresh green I gotta
let my dog know what I'm getting right
now see if he answers right answer me
bro what are you doing in Toronto bro
nothing important
okay
hi Ryan and DJ I'll call one more time
great I'm Ryan making a play called I am
semi buddy
I hate David why are you calling me yeah
oh okay I can see you fuck this guy hang
on Ryan's without I'm gonna call you
buddy so I'm back at the boys house
right now we are about to do a bit of a
try not to laugh challenge you think
you're gonna win and I've been boxing ok
bongos got it up on the screen so here
we go this is going to be like not a
standstill camera I'm going to be
vlogging it but you guys will you'll get
there you'll get the gist available here
you can hear free lap guys so as you
watch it live is this is she gonna swing
and falling yo I gotta live or what oh
shit oh yeah I see this letting the
swordsman 100 oh yeah put something
outside the baby things don't make me
laugh it where we need something else
okay we got try not to grin now this one
is a very hard addition if you crack
smile in any way you're old so let's get
it here we go and use monser about to
fly off your TV whoa yo what day no okay
I was that almost got me kitty colossal
oh no oh
are you done you know you go along it
all along it yeah guys chill now so I
want to be this way this one fake is
that fake yeah okay I'm cheese I ruined
it for you me I laugh at that joke
oh no no no if the one I ended up going
on okay you're so easy to check out
women yes first method is to use pure
raw unadulterated commentated directed
no bullshit your toes to go down the
more beautiful why are we watching the
2012 version of the try doctor laptop
weighs about 130 70
I could swear it was like big on 2012 or
are we not doing the try not to laugh
why is this an easier challenge I've
ever done in my fucking life bro please
play something funny you know how much
is the authority
what so we in this bitch guys we have my
parents now Dustin is about to show me
something that he did on someone oh
actually by the time this blogs out the
person who he's going to be pranking
will already know so my brother's going
to get pranked by Dustin I'm not going
to say what it is I'm going to get two
seconds of my live reaction then I'm
gonna have to cut it because the rest
will be on his channel but I arrived to
my parents house I just got a bunch of
stuff in the mail I think it's something
very cool and if it's something very
cool I'm going to do it in today's vlog
I don't know what it is it could be
anything it looks like what I think it
is but I think I ordered it like months
ago so let's go get this react and then
I need another coffee because I'm an
addict the room the room smells like
what's in it coming up you can smell it
all from outside okay here you go
okay why is a bowling alley so lit on a
fucking Thursday night guys this is
insane
me and David are about to go bowling out
Walkley ball small balls this is my
territory David's a big ball guy I'm
cheese it's late at night and all the
lights are on I wish the lights are off
because I feel overall this is better
today yeah it's the brightest video you
heard him trying to do this
no outside foot we're past this point
yeah much like that okay guys this place
is way more lit in the other place
because a there's not like a billion old
people that are grilling us because
we're not professional bowlers and then
be they got mice inside and actually see
it's like 11 bucks for unlimited bowling
you heard that right literally 11 buffer
unlimited seven o'clock we could Bowl
till 11:00 fucking p.m. if we wanted to
so we're going to do two games they was
going to film one for a gaming channel
but we might end up doing more just
because we have unlimited games guys
these little balls are absolutely
teasing me and the 5-pin literally zoom
in you can see five spins there's no
what is it like
and I know some shit like that this is
ridiculous I don't know how this little
ball gets strikes but at least we got my
same tactic strategy here are you
kidding me
okay actually I don't like this bowling
anymore as you can see guys I'm thanking
Dave 7550 a time King wolfies Big Big
Dave another gutter ball we're going to
reset the game because we're trolling
for Davis video but now experience I'm
guys within three minutes check out your
boy right now I look like I just see
what a jail Where's Waldo look at us but
guys it is lit right now I just posted
an Instagram pic of this so go down
right now here's my Instagram out we'll
see if you guys want a DMR follow on
instagram all you got to do is like to
pick and comment done with the lint
emoji the fire emoji okay I'll put that
right here on my pic and I will follow
you guys guys the score is 109 to 110
I'm beating David if you get this you
win little you just in one pin fucking
please and you just watch your blues you
just watch me hit them all you hit a
little yo
Oh guys I'm home now and I wanted to
test out the cool shit I was talking
about earlier
so basically check it out winter is
coming to an end like I always talked
about in the vlog snow is going away so
I went to the store and I found this
grow-your-own
snow so I'm going to test this out
David's gonna react to it I guess
Julia's going to kind of react to it I
buy it I'm glad she did tell me about it
so it says no expands 1,000 times or no
100 times its original size as you guys
can see all you have to do is add water
to it and then it basically makes
instant ice or instant snow because
adult supervision required so we can't
do that because we're all only seventeen
choking hazard small parts though don't
like kids under three use it so so here
we go so step number one is fill the
plastic dish half full with water came
to the classification I don't know
toilet all those friends I was
definitely yeah pretty from the ground
it cognitions so quick let me say that
again because that Bosch we cut out of
life do you mean don't worry loyal here
we go I filled it up halfway going
August will be hot or cold water doesn't
really matter now it's a measure out one
cap full of instant snow so cabinet
sprinkle the patterns the water watch it
grow literally just water when I get
more extra water here to the side hey
there I'm not just in case measure L 1
cap okay here we go
everybody down is it still clogged
there's one cap guys now if this turns
into snow you have to do me a favor yeah
kiss max I like button because I just
will feedback heads again even though I
follow the instructions here we go 3 2 1
da yo what just happened yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah why is it warm though no aim
one but I always put the keep dirty guys
instant no let's go fuck it fast I like
what I'm doing that again I'm doing that
again yes lucky you should do this in a
wobble wobble I should do this you know
yo my solid would've told me to do this
in a wobble bubble guys and I will not
let you down
yup
Wow fucking lady room tell your name nah
not wasting it open look at this
whoa yo that's fucking cool that is so
cool
and it doesn't stick your hands look at
that period not a big investment David
raised through that let's see if we can
get instant snow coming in the air I'm
gonna sprinkle this down into the
fucking stream yay
okay much water oh okay
okay I see you block it off of it
oh my god this is so easy this is the
coolest shit of a customer's life why is
it so amusing and what is this powder
like what is this magical powder do salt
benefit salt be in tonight's experiment
you missed the water today
oh yeah I know boom thanks drop in your
face oh thanks no way
no maybe yo everyone comment down below
snow vane please
this is so lit you know I'm not gonna
save any of this powder for making this
nice and icy so now you guys go there's
your daily dose of Wolfie sign for pee
and I got you guys I'll build a snowman
with it though man it's not packing snow
it's not it's literally like it doesn't
really stick to your fingers in kinetic
sand okay it's really cool can you make
a bubble not something you can it's
really powdery Wow oh ho leave it kinda
okay you can't
so I say with a quick little trip to my
favorite store guys we're looking for
some ingredients for a video that I'm
gonna film
I think tomorrow but I can't seem to
find a lot of the stuff here but you
know I did find a condom and I did side
you feel me the loop about it okay
all right no one's laughing I'm going to
show you guys how to make a real-life
whoopee rap video here we go
oh god no don't do the boy picked open
fucking crazy can I paint it oh my god
whoopee what the fuck yo he's our dog oh
shit no that's a wolf your house video
come here come here come here
gimme gimme don't you guys watch my GPA
oh my god right took this dog from you
there we go say hi to the blog Prince
alright so I guess it's that time in the
vlog guys where I do my underwear review
who's not something you guys to get used
to what about two pair of underwear
today and these things aren't expensive
as hell sacks is a brand David said
they're wavy so I'm gonna give one a try
can't show you but I will let you know
in three seconds how they are three two
one okay guys so I just threw the
underwear honestly guys I'm not even
allow these are probably one of the most
comfy underwear I've ever worn I wish I
was getting paid to say this facts you
should definitely send me an unlimited
supply of these fucking underwear
because it's a five and that's not even
the play on words but look at it these
are the ultra ultra one they got
internal mesh panels soft viscous fabric
Western viscose basically these things
are fucking lazy so you can expect your
boys going to be wearing these for like
the rest of eternity until I find
another brand that is black I can't
believe I'm doing a fucking underwear
viewer now but check this out I'm going
to end the vlog off by drinking my OJ
cuz I'm team OJ even though I still rate
apple juice but the ships delicious
simply orange got them right out of the
bottle so he doesn't I going to drink
out of the bottle I don't care I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog if you did do
not forget to go down and smash that
like 1 let's hit 27 thousand likes on
this vlog will stand hurry up smash like
button if you haven't already also
comment down below team orange juice or
team apple juice depending on which one
you rate more and I want to see which
crew is the more loyal the more dominant
in the comment section below so make
sure if you fuck with orange juice
comment it down below if you fuck with
apple juice comment it down below right
now I'm an orange juice guy but apple
juice is still fucking lit so let me
know in the comment section below and I
will see you guys soon on mobile fewer
we stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel hand as Oh steak sandwich
natto
