good morning AOS kinship will be welcome
back to more Wolfie but guys it's not
the morning okay
I would be lying to you guys if I said
it's the morning right now it is
currently 7 p.m.
I just miss anything my main channel
video I gotta show you real quick and
I'm one of my mom's house to finish the
video that I was home in the other day
I'm bringing Wolfie J with me you
already know what it is picking up
Dustin picking up stuff but first things
for your totally goddamn watch this shit
oh I don't know if you're supposed to
put this under water but I do anyways
quick little here plus little air quick
little air okay done okay I'm not
actually done I'm done for the vlog oh
now guys today I'm doing what some
people would call just being plain
stupid but I call it yoloing okay
basically I just went outside without a
coat on I didn't care if it was hot or
cold that might not be a problem for a
lot of you guys that just don't live in
places where I guess what a cold like it
is here it can get cold here and I knew
that but I still went outside because I
was like fucking Yolo we're going
outside
Yolo wing turns out it's pretty fucking
cold okay I mainly regret my decision a
little bit but still when you Yolo you
can't look back on the past you got to
look at the future the future is Taco
Bell I don't even know if we ever talked
about fucking Auto well but I gotta find
it
it's a jogging move right now it's going
to close in like 10 minutes I just
arrived at the mall Dustin is in the car
with Wolfie because Wolfie would go
crazy if I left them in the car but I
got to go get these tacos here that was
legit the quickest in-and-out I've ever
been in a mall literally I'm out of
breath right now I was fuckin sprinting
Wolfie cooing good boy I'm back okay so
guys we just finished filming the video
at my parents house check this out daddy
look at how thick this gloom is this is
like a rubber tire it is fucking hard
anyways that's basically a little hint
at what I found was very big banger I
mean you can pretty much guess with what
I got earlier but now I'm actually gonna
help my mom out a bit and I'm going to
bring a lot of this garbage in my trunk
and throw it out where I live because
garbage has come on certain days here
and sister hassle if I leave it so I'm
gonna be responsible fun oh don't go you
just sitting in the middle of the
grocery store you know at one o'clock in
the morning guys we need to stop doing
our shopping at this time I don't know
what me and Sylvia do I feel like we
don't procrastinate at all but like we
always end up doing stuff late late at
night to the point where no ones are out
where no one's around what we're doing
at holy hell literally I'm pooped off
you're filming that DIY video I gotta
get the hell up and start walking
luckily it went so well and I'm not mad
and I think that's giving me a bit of
energy to keep walking right now
but shit comment down below if there's a
lot of you guys that stay up as late as
your boy like 4 o'clock a.m. every
single night because it's like 1 o'clock
right now and that's I consider it
pretty fucking early I've never seen
bigger strawberries in my life this one
eat yeah there's like four of them in
here that are absolutely I'm not like
you
what are these I think one little yeah
no I said come call but I didn't know
what one was now never knows it you owe
me at home you want to cuddle you want
to cuddle
now you're really hung about yeah your
fake buckles out of here big records I'm
like one day watch hurry up watch what
are you doing hurry up like why are you
taking so long
95 no guys don't expose okay what are
those I got one question for you Oh
water Oh girls you don't settle down
wearing your hair fans look a man
fucking hair look hurry up Sylvia so
guys I completely forgot to my giveaway
ends tonight so right now I'm drawing
the winners for the giveaway the iPhone
giveaway and then the Amazon gift card
giveaway it's going to be lit I am on
the site right now I'm about to pick the
winner so let's see who won okay so I
just draw the winners and the winners
are drum roll please
woo Tim Beck from st. John Canada charts
oh my dude Tim and gotta show love to
the Canadians and you won because you
followed me on Instagram by the way guys
I will be sending an email to each of
the people that won to tell you what you
want and getting on your intro so that I
can ship you the prizes if you didn't
receive an email by the time this vlog
is up I'm sorry you did not win this
giveaway but don't worry I am doing
another giveaway in like probably a week
from now so as you guys are excited
about that hit the like button comment
down below what I should be giving away
and not give away that way I could fuck
him give all the wolf Sam some shit and
don't worry I'm going to be doing a
follow spree as well just to show more
love to the wolf mmm that did win this
giveaway so the next winner is tristan
banks from Brandon USA
I guess you show love on Instagram so I
got a show love to my dude Tristan thank
you thank you thank you
you'll be receiving an email from your
boy Wolfie as well the next winner is
McKenzie Wilmont okay and she is from
fucking Ottawa Ontario that's where I'm
from Ottawa Ontario what are the chances
I got someone from Ottawa probably
fuckin slim to none because there was
like 2 million entries it was ridiculous
so she'll see you
you'll be getting an email as well
Mackenzie the next winner is Luka Lowe's
and you are from Northampton UK got a UK
person here
shut up to you thank you so much for
subscribing to my channel even though
you weren't before okay I hope you enjoy
my videos and I hope you enjoy your
prize so get after that next winner is
Amina I don't really know I'm going to
say your last name right but they zavok
know they wage a wage they exaggerate
okay you subscribe to David so that's
that's your W you're from Blacktown
Australia so shout out to you thank you
very much your entry number seven
hundred and thirty-five thousand four
hundred and fifty seven so sure to Amina
I love you very much and then the last
winner drum roll again is Alex Hendrix
from New York USA New York New York
actually so shut up you Alex you
subscribe to my youtube channel so that
should love back to you you'll be
getting an email so all the people that
won again congratulations if you didn't
win it solve it there's another giveaway
and I'm doing a follow spree as well
I'll say this one more time if you guys
won you will be getting an email from me
by the time this vlog is up if you guys
respond to it get the prizes sometimes
literally like I don't even know if
people put in troll emails but like I'll
send an email to someone and it's like
you want a prize when I don't even get a
response so you guys have 48 hours from
the time this vlog is live to respond to
me that's all you got to do and then
I'll be shipping out your prizes like in
no time it's going to be pretty easy
this time because just the two iPhones
and then the Amazon gift cards I can
just send right away so expect those
soon again congratulations to everyone
but now we doing a challenge okay guys
so the new challenge that is out right
now is called the try not to move
challenge basically it's like a
combination of the try not to flinch try
not to get scared
try not to dance not try not to talk but
trying to just pass with the try not to
sing a long challenge you guys really
fuck with that one so today I am back
with the try not to move challenge I'm
not going to talk anymore maxims upload
for all the good luck I need guys and
here we go please play along with me at
home right now guys take like a second
get in like your mindset and then
you fuckin can't move with me so here we
go by the way this counts as a move by
the way this council move when you look
away by the way
singing councillor move you can talk but
as long as you don't move other than
your mouth so cursed video this video is
making me extremely uncomfortable I hate
spiders and I can't look away
this is the worst part as long as I'm
not actually in the room with the spider
I think I'm going to be good and let's
jump to the camera in which case I might
be fucked
nope I think I'm good with that video
that video is that you know what I think
I passed the first video next video
called bone sticking out a foot guys
going off right now hold on I might have
just lost by opening my eyes like that
way I'm still staying still just is
going to look bad you got a little
problem a little problem alight hey
could you have a little Rokit little
problem I would look at the camera by
can't go
no no no this is a real
fucking move oh haha I can't do fucking
broken bones ah that's so gross
ah the Texas doesn't help like you can
hear when it's fucking great
alright well I just think we already
lost the challenge but let's keep going
epic skateboard fail here we go I've
seen some pretty bad skater failed oh my
god the slow-mo always gets me but for
the sake of this challenge I'm pretty
good yeah let's go I can move up to the
videos done I beat the video I saw like
I say that is all I gotta say guys
so I say alright the next video we got
is can't stop the feeling by Justin
Timberlake everybody knows you got a
dance when JT comes on so this is where
I can't sing or dance so I'm just going
to put this up here so you can see my
mouth and hit the play button I got the
team it goes electric baby when I turn
it on I feel like I'm such a pessimist
right now it's not as you good with
dying is donating I got people dancing
in the video I'm cheap I'm not gonna
move them I'm just not going to do it
I can't handle it drop the gun for the
burger shop all here the course of
course support LG fuck this shit I
literally have to bomb package for you I
know you guys lock the home with me for
that one a hundred percent
90% of you lots okay don't actually get
it loose comment helpful focus fuckin
luck at least I don't let me feel a
little bit better about myself but we
lost with the gt1 this challenge is like
really arts because like anything as a
movement looking to the left if a videos
growth looking away it's a movement next
we got people are insane 2016 deadly
edition compilation by the way I got all
of these ideas from the finebros
finebros you already know what it is so
show us to them i'll leave a link to
their compilation in the description but
next one here we go these things I can't
do because I'm afraid of heights like
deathly afraid but okay the video starts
oh shut up oh we're starting nice oh
yeah let's just hang
this negative hanging brightly
two people do not fit there
my god the Stroh's babish
this is the hardest compilation I've
ever had to fuckin do in my life
mmm oh another brick literally falling
off
what a savage my heart is literally
sinking this whole time right now
my heart is nervous as hell right now
usually I look away at a point like that
I was little with the jump oh my god
well I you know your girlfriend some of
there with you you must know I think I
could beat this one I say I can beat it
it's just a mind game just a mind game
next video I usually scare me but I
fuckin pass that one so we got two more
videos left here we go as long as we
live I wish I could be dancing right now
you guys have no fucking idea I don't
even know their name yo I need to be an
Asian boy man
ASA I love you you sound exacting at
home not me they're not I can beat it I
can beat it I can be that I couldn't be
JT but I can beat this only because I
don't know the lyrics
that's the only reason and the lack
video this is little compilation I'm
sure that that tire oh my goodness
that airplane flocked no no
what's gonna happen to baseball or who
directly at the camera a sure everything
is coming directly at the camera this
one this guy's insane oh my god another
directly at the camera okay this is this
is scaring me
this is scaring me what are you doing
oh he's insane okay I'm not no that is
the end of pumpkin challenge guys I want
to end the vlog off here I have these
two little guys that I need to be taken
care of right now we left them to go to
the grocery store for a bit and when we
came back prints and shot himself so he
showered him and now this man smells
delicious but he is so tired because he
was so cold he was shivering so I'm
gonna take him and I'm gonna take this
guy
since he's too tall girl is so tired
right now we'll be junior to bed with me
kiss kiss so you know he's hired using
his kid hey wow this guy is a kissing
monster you guys know that he doesn't
want a kiss that's how you know he's
exhausted so I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog if you did make sure to go down and
smash that like button look at 27,000
comment down below if you made it to the
very end of the vlog just so I know you
made it
try not to move okay comment try not to
move and I will see you guys soon
on where Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more savage than my main channel and
as always thanks ravage come on end it
off Lego
