good morning a yoga teacher will be
welcome back to more wolf pee right now
me and Sylvie are about to go I think
we're going shopping today I'm not quite
sure but the day's just starting I got
wolfy jr. behind me hey whoopee whoopee
says what up prints on my lap right here
and right now I'm watching this handle
like robot by Boston Dynamics like
literally these guys dropped some crazy
robots okay they drop like robots ii
like pop objects they've dropped robots
that like can balance when you push them
over and now there's a new robot called
handle it's on my TV screen right here
look at this this robot can literally
duck down turn not fall over spinning
360s very quickly
this dude is on his heavy stage of
theater shit look at it look at this
this guy could go over bumps and plain
control what is it your mod your Mon
your mod damad damad oh my god his arms
are moving and his body is still moving
guys we're dead literally 2018 we're
dead no not not not now k yo fuck you
flexible budget robot is this picking
shit up behind you that no no no no no
no no whoa boom boom boom boom boom
alright so that's why we're starting off
the morning list you can basically see
he's going down snowy hills so this just
means that we're dead in 2018 because
robots are now smart enough to be doing
what humans do so why do we need humans
who is magic this thing is jumped
backward oh my god his vertical is wavy
his vertical is better than NBA dunkers
anyways now I feel like shit about
myself let's start the day so guys the
first place that we're going to go is
stomping ground I want to see if they
have like any like fitted sweatpants
because basically my sweatpants
collection is like the last thing in my
wardrobe that needs to up its game a bit
I literally have like garbage sweat
pants from like back in the day so I'm
trying to donate those I'll take those
to the thrift store and I'll take those
to value village I'm going to get rid of
those soon that's my plan I want to get
nice fitted one ok swaggy ones so
stomping ground is the location that's
actually the place I went with dad for
his $500 challenge let's see what they
got for me today
parking alert shot to my nigga Christine
right here I love you mattress Mart
Christine always knows how to smile okay
guys you're not smiling like Alex wasabi
would say you're doing it wrong smile
like Christine she's having a good day
where I'm gonna get pulling up to
Sylvia's classic store FG silvia again
and you see what we got today mood guys
the holy some stomping ground in ottawa
cooked it up yo fuckin respect where the
sweater is this a crewneck oh my god
okay I'm not going to show you the price
is this pricey they just pay me to say
shit I came back in here on my own will
with Silvia and Ghana Street fucking
sorry I'm done anyways I'm buying new
jeans I thank you it's nice day and I'm
drinking my very a grapefruit because
they always hook it up with the drinks
if you livin all up come by crying with
red pants on
yeah yeah definitely would be ones I'm
going to try on and basic laetrile oh
yes no no no hmm let's see
did you just so wavy a little bit yeah
I'm gonna get that can you just buy one
I got oh yeah video alien no you be
careful it is repelled do you think you
have five but let me mark it so don't
work out actually dependent there's a
double XL no matter how do you ain't
with me
do you think you need a spring jacket or
not mark even you're wearing a trip I
don't know I'm gonna bring Charles a
cactus on the chair hey baby honest it
on a share for a second you gonna fall
for it
this little I don't prank people Tiffany
but now pulling up on radio Charlie oh
nothing yeah any flags
thanks a little money yeah great clock
20 30 deal honestly I'm so shocked that
they hooked it up with that with that
not what it room look on the back writer
I think with like 200 bucks dot just
given to me
got it dropping out you come to 3 Omega
guys better go get 500 I count how about
3 challenge yeah anyways now we're going
to go because if you look down the road
right over there you should be my
cameraman everyday yeah okay down the
road yes down the road right there
there's actually like this Plaza this
new plateau mall
it basically lands down there's like an
arena there that's where like Ottawa
plays football every big game well like
a lot of big games go down there so and
there's like sleekness restaurants yeah
they just open up like all restaurants
and then there's also some shopping area
dropping some houses like some luxury
apartments you can see them in the
distance that's it very very much so
like that's like the new ways to go so
instead of going downtown me and so we
are going to go grab a bite to eat there
maybe do some shopping throw them around
a little bit
yep give you guys a tour all right let's
go whoa whoa whoa the High Line hold on
but we're gonna boostedgt I don't wanted
to go out we can take wizardess inside
our condo but what should ever why did
we not dry I'm annoyed with 35 lose the
juice we're driving I can't we can't go
there anymore
bye we decided to go back to the carcass
we play the best news
kind of far what Charles you made the
manly voice come home I'll wait to do
like some manly sound effect when I get
scared in the car and then to a break on
purpose of me just to hear it's like I
would like I'm drying even but it is
happen so a lot you're driving to sum up
come on oh really boy I can't help it I
know it's all don't put the finish don't
put this in the blog okay Charles good
parking job
let me just adjust squeeze I want to get
my pants dirty one jacking Charles yeah
I'm coming okay one second
I'm so close
oh I got my back dirty yeah we are now
at the mall as you can see we got
burgers teriyaki actually a place for
tacos the stadium is behind it all I
think so we want to go to Joey's and get
guys why is my burger an Instagram
picture doh
this is food porn no you're teasing me
she talked to me she got a burger too
and like some fuckin alcohol she's of
age I'm only 17 so I bring color let me
see how the skinny fries are I'll tell
you guys didn't live through me right
now
I love delicious this plate did no match
for you boy will people a Soviet plate
look like she had me tightly yes we spin
the burger around and look perfect
burger guys everybody have to say how
many in the food coma now guys are a bit
so me and so we are going to attempt the
DIY it doesn't really know too much
about it yet but I'm gonna need a better
exacto knife because I want to have at
home is like honestly a shittier version
of like one of these ones but they have
some powerhouse one I need one that's
absolutely fine that's two B's fat mass
that might be two DS oh they sell all
the blades separately too so this one's
kind of lazy this one has a nice bend to
it so does this one retractable nice I
honestly think I might go with the wall
I know this brand is trusted guys so
strong you guys literally I held my pee
in for so long and I just went and I
don't know what happened but now I
literally can't stand up straight
because my stomach hurts so bad I don't
know what the hell is going on with Olli
so nice you too doc nice what the heck
think I'm turning into an old man cuz I
legit cannot stand up straight
I'm sober and everything Oh a hook mate
look at this
what now a hawk bill flip knife ah I
know that was why the hell did I not
know that fucking dog sells the most
views one's ever seen in my life and
Hammer tackers what the hell they didn't
have everything here
they have masses here with that you know
that is what's it called
I'm actually surprised you knew that
Congrats you know but what's this one
cup actually cool to take our oh boy
that's called a quick cold sizzle yeah
watch it'll so me and Sylvia are now
going to have a game first one to find
wood glue and go cue the intents we look
right now we have no clue it is and I
don't like asking employees so I'm gonna
find watch I'm going into drywall
installation section affiliate season
this girl already often employee in
point two seconds for Joe
aisle 6 I'm on it I'm on it
Julie you're chill chill chill chill
chill chill chill switching system okay
yo okay cut the intense music this
challenge is off okay
jost as soon as I said no acting I hate
this show champion is not you wood
filler not wood glue here you lose
stainable Sylvia just old man you this
hairline crack touch-up stick know about
how much is it 5 bucks yo Carlos I'm
gonna go with a brand that I like the
best Gorilla Glue this shit is crazy oh
they have Elmer's - Wow Elmer's is lit
but glue super glue super glue are you
super glue if everything fails we also
need matches from Walmart and I cannot
seem to find them I don't know what is
going on right now
oh shit Ryan please bed so you just ask
the employee just like I thought
take it with qur'anic wall Martin one
word summed up right there we have no
idea where they're and they're sold out
okay your boy found more matches thank
God literally these were the ones that
were sold out and these are like the big
matches so there's like a few of them
they also got fire starters but then I
was just like yo what this kind of big
matches looks on the side it has like
the thing to light the matches 250
strike-anywhere matches let's go first
of all first of all check the sweater
this nice isn't so easy it's like the
most comfortable flutter in the world
thank you I mean oh yes do some heavy
pramanas coughing come on curly what is
it said wolfy your king will be on the
front like it I like it anyways guys we
have to Tim Hortons cups here basically
we're doing roll up the rim to win again
that's no I've been updating you my
score is BAM right there wins losses and
no losses with effort I forget the way I
put it on the screen but wins or losses
I'm losing I have more losses than wins
and Shawn targeted strategy so here we
go hit the base drop in 3 2 1
Wow visit wrong let me do the next mm no
there was no way I was here to do it
could you learn to do it regardless what
you paid for my staff please push three
two one squeeze push fake drop that
bounce oh hi let me do it but I'm
allergic to losses just chill okay can
you chill it was good
Sylvia's being crazy now she's going to
be doing my eyebrows because nobody SS
you do my eyebrows eyebrows this girl
loved picking like the pimples that I
have I don't have many pimples anymore
but she picked the pimples that she
finds nothing happened like back when I
was just uploading my vlog right now
this girl was picking my blackhead on my
face I'm right here so you see where
it's red you're welcome girl was picking
my black and welcome and I said in
return you have to pick my my unibrow
that you said I have in your video so
probably I'll walk it back okay cuz I
got a very expensive shit mountains out
there oh yeah when I just saw their
catch X's oh my mom got me gold guys
this is wolf deodorant apparently this
stuff is like supposed to be really good
for you but that's my words like healthy
deodorant says I'm using uh no what are
you doing you're doing my eyebrows come
peep this Revlon actually they're not
sponsoring piece it I'm no name brand
thanks guys scratch that I literally
just thought I want to get an Instagram
picture with one M I just hit 1 million
Indian followers you don't follow me a
trophy but I got to make a call to this
place to see if I can like get that
quick probably too late they close in
half an hour
I'm fuckin panicking I want to get this
done now okay I was wondering if you
guys have any of those helium balloons
with the letter M and then the number
one like one M or color it doesn't
matter what color no II don't have to
hear it now sport I was trying to get it
as soon as possible you don't have it in
any color no don't
I know that our location energy okay um
it's alright I'll give you guys a call
tomorrow and then okay and I'll decide
if I want to get a number letter from
the other location
I think but fuck you don't have it hold
on
Oh Mike I bought you it need to see if
they have it and the other location
Party City where is that should we call
him yeah hey buddy hey thirty that's so
we have time I'll see how predators away
one so it's 6:30 now the place is open
till 8:30 other things evolve until 7:00
so I'm gonna see if this place had one
they should have known I was going to
hit one mill today so I don't know what
hey I was all into just inquire about
your balloon I mean yeah there's two
balloons I'm looking for one is the
number one's a letter basically I'm
looking for a one and then just regular
helium balloons I don't know if you guys
sell them like what color any color is
fine whatever you guys have available
you guys have both and so you guys close
it like 8:30 right or not okay if I were
to just like tell you I needed them like
now and then like I drove there now if
you're taking it at half an hour do you
think they would be ready in time
filling them up with helium like what I
see right now okay awesome yeah I'll
come right now good bye you know why did
you say that in the most common
deletloss little bio this video yes I
inquire about a balloon basically when
the one and there's a number and not on
I just want to say yo I hear one bill
I need those letter and number balloons
behind 1nm profession you said it
ourselves we there was wondering if you
are Enquirer but you're like yeah get on
with it like what the fuck is your
question and you're like a music thing
on it guys we're on our way we hear we
in a bitch Party City nobody has more
party for less oh yeah Sylvia's bad and
boozy today oh I'm dead I thought I was
an accessory cast leg I want to see if
the girl like knows my voice like who's
that who's the idiot was on the phone
call asking about balloons
I mean clearly they have balloons I
think everything is up a little here we
go
helium tank alert oh my god nigga I was
asking if I have balloons they have four
rope pick every balloon you could ever
want in your life
holy shit they have balloons on balloon
perfect a girl or a boy
forty what is an awesome a big place to
ha have your place or a cute don't you
think this is lit 12 for $1 okay and
they have like all the candies you can
imagine with spider-man this dude would
you know this guy's name is
yeah that's why do I not know that
Google what movie is this guy from
frozen yeah
can you lift me at the top something the
Waldorf who is this snowman from frozen
sorry what is this no man's name from
frozen sorry seriously I'm so cheesy I
don't know this let it snow
looking at Olaf I don't know how I
forgot that a lot like what I say
Waldorf I was like it I'm doing it I
didn't know them anyways if you guys
calm and shit Olaf because I know there
is probably a lot of you guys like how
did you not know that like one of the
main characters I'm sorry but I told off
Olaf you know who the blue ninja turtle
is yes obviously
does it have his name where you going
she doesn't though imagine I did the cut
prank on my mom with all of these
obviously Leo Leo Lonardo oh and there's
more cups here you'll talk about fucking
helium am i right like what Walmart has
like 5k oh this is my new favorite store
for getting supplies holy hell and these
for making my fucking gummies yo guys we
just went into a store and bought so
much shit that they gave Silvia free
candy it's like a little what is that
polar bear a bear
the heart like a nice lollipop got the
balloons literally we saw this toy store
and I was like I wonder if there's gonna
be any legit guys a vlog for the next
fuckin couple weeks are going to be lik
I've helped because it's really good we
found everything anyways I told my mom
was gonna be home like honestly two
hours now show yourself up yeah
everyone's about to get mad followers
with cook in the vlog hurry up go go go
go go at Hawaii shouting at Toronto when
you should be shouting at your name hey
vlog a game KJ yang holy shit let's go
let's go
so guys it's time to construct this
invention that I saw on Facebook
yesterday basically you can make a gun I
just had a raven symone vision that you
would hurt yourself while we do this
okay so basically we're gonna make a gun
I would have clothespin some glue I got
my gorilla regular regular superglue and
I also got my wood glue because we're
working with wood what the hell drink
we got a thought I don't think I'm going
to need this my body because I always
buy shit this extra and then last but
not least we thank God we got a knife so
the first step if you take your clothes
pin regular a clothespin okay guys I
gotta do some Walmart and basically what
we're going to do is just take half of
it off push it to the side and you can
just pull it high in Thailand there we
go alright so I was way way easier that
I made it look okay the next step we're
going to take these things and we're
going to put them against each other's
back I just put the spring resting it
here for now this is what's going to
happen so I'm going to go like this then
I'm going to mark it a little bit down
from right here on this one so just copy
exactly what I'm doing and then one
diagonal coming off of this little
happening on the other side going up
like this like so so one of the sides
you want to look like this okay this
sides a little messed up but this side
we're going to cut this out with the
exacto knife I bought down the middle
we're gonna have a nice thin line so I
got my sharp knife right here I'm going
to friggin cut this out right now and I
will be back when it's kind of so once
you cut it guys you want to put both
pieces together I fucked up a bit but
this is what you want it to look like
basically like an L shape and then the
inside of each one of those pegs should
look like this a nice hollowed out shape
like so check it out because you want to
be able to fit either a mat or some
piece of wood in it because
you fire so the last step is to put the
spring into the gun I know this is
really hard to follow but I will leave a
link in the description of a video of
people doing this way better than I did
guys a stressful look at this look at
this mess we've made so guys this is
what the finished product looks like if
I pull this hinge back it should fire
this bullet out of wall so we're going
to try it out basically it's self
loading so all you got to do is push
this into the little slot out here it
should push this latch all the way back
now it's hook right here it's really
hard to see but it's hooked right on the
inside here so let's give it a fire test
and see if we can hit this well three
two one Oh close I'll hold up I'll show
you the reloading in action let me
reload it cuz you know no no I'm gonna
do this Sylvia me the majority this yes
I made the whole thing you failed so
here we go guys I'll give you one more
check it out you're going to see a cock
back push it in yep push it sideways it
works better look at it there we go and
then you look so happy right now this
one was hard to make three two one
I think the bullets do two things I've
told you that little is too thin it
works and I forgot the matches that I
bought at Walmart at my house so I'm
going to try I want to go back to my
house but I can make another one no no
we got one here you this is the one I
made it got a sharp end you need a fat
butt in a sharpened not long enough that
one no no holy Charlie's gonna shoot
another one here we go you'll actually
give me a target okay I want you to
shoot oh here we go three two one those
good three two one Oh
let's go number one not sniper in the
league I hit it in the book and don't do
it that way it's ad okay look at the
instant replay guys live let's get it
I'm proud of myself I may definitely
make it so once again guys this is all
that it looks like you shove the
toothpick or the match or whatever you
want in here and then you can cock this
back don't that's not how you want
anytime you use a toothpick or
matchstick cock it back yeah
gonna break Network this is why you to
make it okay I know the mechanism how it
works whatever ok nah Sylvia's gonna try
a shot let's see what she's got
geek I go yeah shoot as far as you can
go well where to go Oh where I'll keep
the camera I came and see okay so we're
home now I got the matches and the
matches actually perfectly fit inside
the gun so just slip it in like so
amazing it's already it's already cocked
back it's not a boat it's ready to go
first I'm going to show you this shoot
at this wall and shoot obviously more
make it more entertaining so we're
actually going to light the match on
fire I have water here just in case it
lights on fire but it doesn't shoot to
park my gun is a little iffy or Sylvia's
gonna keep mine on horses oh she's so I
got this ready to go we're going to
light it on fire and if it goes on fire
on the tile I got my water just to put
it out it's not going to be too harmful
three two one come on she goes out if
you did you shoot it because it go so
fast it went so far that when it bounced
off the walls and we like to rock on
fire how do you relate a match something
you can you can hear that monster that's
what I want now if this one goes out in
the air then I'm going to tie something
very dangerous almost the rest of the
masses there's like a thousand masks I
bought I'm going to shoot it at the
matches hopefully it doesn't absolutely
right on fire
it does I mean it's going to be
interesting for you guys I'm not talking
entertain because I might be this quick
here we go is coffee back second shot I
mean it seems like okay looks like we're
ready to shoot after matches got my
magic set up I put an elastic band
around them this is intense guys with I
trust the match I think it's going to go
on the air because as soon as we show
the other two it went out instantly so
I'm not really scared I am if it lights
on fire we don't plan beats though
respond to don't let on fire you're
afraid of that it's a blur
- OH three oh fuck I'm good
oh my god I'm right in front of it - one
I'm actually can you soon we were doing
that I know it didn't know Gary's to do
okay one more one more match alright
here we go
three two one move up what just happened
I threw the lid on fire squeeze squeeze
a bit okay okay settle down here
birthing it happen lack of him oh my god
oh that's the clothes we're getting I'm
getting an equal to do not thank the
Lord that's a thing it's uh it didn't
light on fire so I gotta say so that's
it so I'm not no guys we are going to
clean things up I'm going to end the
vlog here I hope you guys enjoyed my day
I hope you guys enjoyed Sylvia being
along with me today if you did make sure
to go down and smash that like button
let's hit twenty-seven thousand likes
hold on let me hit this like oh shit
comment down below that lighting though
and I will be commenting back to the
shitload you guys that do that and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we say a little bit more savage in
my main channel and as always stay safe
Lego
