good morning a yo what is good it's your
boy yeah sorry buddy it's your boy will
be welcome back to more Wolfie I don't
even know okay let me do that again
good morning I always good at your boy
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie
Wolfie what do you mean bro it's not
exciting enough for you the intro is not
exciting enough okay hold up hold up
hold up here we go
Wolfie you want to talk about it not
being exciting enough Ally it says don't
you that humans will use a dog do ok
Wolfie here we go I'm gonna just clean
the house it's not exciting enough eight
how do I give all the already man semen
guys yeah okay welcome to another vlog
guys I'm about to clean this shit up
because gotta have respond to the reef
can't be shooting confetti after real
Frank Queens are probably the subject
I'll shoot back
the day is finally here that we've all
been waiting for guys check this out
what do you see I see clear roads my god
I'm so excited
there's like a little bit of snow still
on the ground but other than that mainly
the roads are clear which means spring
is upon us spring is coming then summer
that's cool oh my god I'm waiting for
the snow to come for so long gotta get
these dogs some frigging tee pads last
time I got them to excel pads and these
things are ridiculously big so I can't
mess up this time but these dogs pee
like savages they go so damn much I'm
about to get these 50 pads for Wolfie
and Prince and hopefully these do the
job cotton blossom alert
I swear dogs have more comfy beds and
humans this pillow bed which is bigger
than me oh my god I fucking die sleeping
in this shit Oh why are dogs so frigging
spoiled and last but not least the dogs
need new bowls to eat because right now
they're eating in these small ones and
these are two small prints have now
grown a little bit so let's get some
some flags as well
hmm where's the gold one to do I'm
praying that the Bulls I got are
actually small enough but big enough so
that principle if you can both eat out
of it but Prince can reach it because
even though Prince is growing this guy's
legs are growing really long but his
body is like staying the same size so
I'm praying he's tall enough to reach
into these balls but he should be good
goddamn okay let's go we'll see holy
I swear Walmart knows when I'm coming
here because they always put what I need
right out front so I got my first
supplies that I think I need by the way
Walmart I'm still waiting on that
sponsorship so you can hit me up in the
email in the description because I'm
here every day
I'm literally it's ridiculous how much I
come here to buy supplies you're excited
to see me you're excited are you good
boy good boy Wolfie always freaks out
why did smell is this guy Jack our whole
thing will be busted a nut Wolfie did
you bust the nut
I think he must have busted a nut he was
so excited to see me well weird this
isn't a song pee pee I can do but what
are you saying though looking for my car
bro I don't even know what dogs back
today to play again anyways today is
another day we're at home with David and
you know what that means you're going to
be puking wolfy on his channel huh oh my
god oh we don't even chilling I think I
spotted you hey we're going to rule
ahead Joe we're doing some roulette and
then I'm literally like I'm planning I'm
scheming right now I'm thinking of some
some ideas for the main channel but it's
tough I don't know I don't know my
mind's been like in the clouds lately
but I think I'm gonna come with some
fire don't worry that's a wrap on the
shooting guys I feel like I'm going to
vomit but it was worth it now I'm
meeting up with just Dustin go film
another banger literally it's just back
to back to back to back so come with me
yeah I'll come on the block tarp alert
Gorilla Tape alert we got everything we
need let's go film this bang grass well
me and David always have a competition
to see who can play better yeah
which means like okay Baba mindin
counsel if I can throw it in its wipes
sitting over here
oh that's one winding dude here yo
microtape was up for it in Ireland there
David see me click I'm not on the job
name yeah for some reason they always
ask what I do and I always just tell
them well I row seven year old that's my
title they fuckin stocked up again a lie
take it out
attempt number two a plane will not
accept for distance okay everyone try
you should know isn't very easy and
let's get out of here
one more
I don't know I stink in the garbage so
I'm emptying the garbage is disgusting
after we zone David's video stay always
owns the most gross video file area
baked out especially encourage and put
it with garbage break if I drop the car
man
music and TM for it oh I got it
take out the old one I've been the new
one oh yeah oh you don't need that I'm
not you it Debbie
it worked watch her wolfy who stole a
few extra shot with wrist print where's
the dog
okay it is that oh my god
Oh Fred Fred Fred I love you don't be
scared this guy ran under the the quick
cover he he came up aired it and this
crime prints
I think prints must have peed himself
this guy got so shows that he beat him
fuckin right yeah Jesus that's a lot of
time I do a penny prank well guys on
that note now I have a scaredy cat dog
that shook and pissed himself because
that was a double prank better than I
expected but now I have Prince who's
really scared and just wants a huddle so
I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if you
did make sure to go down smash that
thumbs up button let's hit twenty-seven
thousand likes on this video if you
enjoyed the video even if you didn't hit
the like button comment down below
double prank alert okay double crank
alert because I scared two for the price
of one I didn't have to shoot it more
than once let's go I am very tired but
you know I will see you guys soon on
more will be where we stay a little bit
more savage in my main channel and as
always stay Savage
