good morning a yo what's good attaboy
Wolfie welcome back to mobile for you
guys I'm wearing my blue Where's Waldo
shirt or as Sylvia would called me he
says that I look like bananas in pajamas
be one I'm fuckin cheese I don't look
like bananas in pajamas okay look at
what they look like bull banana in two
dollars I just be down and then I'm in
pajamas you see like how happy they are
okay I don't look like that
I'm not fucking like running down my
stairs skipping down my stairs first of
all and as you can see my lines go
horizontal not vertical anyway today is
another edit day Ryan just called me
Raisa yo we need to go grind today I'm
like yo dog idea every damn day of my
life the guy you'll come get me I'm like
all right bless I'll come get you and
we'll get food in the meantime kill two
birds with one stone like all right I'm
like okay but can someone tell me why
Joe ties the coldest I'd live them
lately you know what ah goddamn is not a
participant in performance to come say I
heard your bass we gotta water play
trick trick hey slippery excuse me
please me oh so I just got to a boy's
house and I'm about to hit Ryan with
like the heaviest double troll if you
guys don't know me and my friends we
troll a fucking lot like we troll every
two seconds you never know when we're
serious I love this fuckin I love the
shirt anyways basically Bongo has been
playing the song shaper view by Ed
Sheeran for time like the past like
weeks late has been blaring in the albo
host it's a lip song obviously I can Ed
Sheeran's counted as hell but once you
hear it a billion times you're like hey
maybe we should switch the sagas update
so it's like a troll to just be sitting
in the house and then randomly someone
will play shape of you on the TV like on
the chromecast without saying a word
they could be in the washroom ticket of
shit and then everyone's kicking it in
the living room and then all of a sudden
shape of you just comes on and then
everyone's like
who the hell played it so anyways that's
the first roll so when Ryan comes in the
car I'm gonna be blasting shape of you
badge here and second roll is yesterday
Ryan went to go get food with Sean and
he came back and told us like the
awkwardest situation of life basically
this guy was so out of it that Sean went
to go to the car with the food he was
waiting at the car and basically Ryan
came out of the store walked up to a car
that wasn't even the color of Sean's car
didn't even look like Sean's car at all
got in it look to the right apparently
like his old lady within and she just
looked at him she's like wrong car
that's bullshit my bad my bad and got
out of the car so I'm going to call Ryan
play edge here in shape of you and when
he comes in the car I'm gonna look at
him and be like wrong car and fuel this
man said you come here okay all right
that's what 95% my phone calls are like
I'm here all right bye wrong car hit him
with the double Troy hit him low I'm
told it was very calm so angry because
there's no light be glad to distracted
now he's got to get me double troll
success we decided it's a subway King
for breakfast you literally it's the
only thing I haven't had in a minute
I've been rotating so I was already
pissed the whole let's get it right the
only I know they get the extra but it
a man has a mountain the weather's on
it's not right now x-rated parmesan
actually let it go actually it's Sylvia
needs to stop watching Twilight you
watch it four days in a row now
so we can clean stop watching Twilight
movie was popping back when like Edward
Cullen was cool okay Robert Pattinson I
know he's doing these days stop watching
Edward Bella and Jacob cheese's Red Hook
I was our teacher cookie time ready
you want to rub your belly every good
boy does bully give surgery soon buddy
you're gonna get surgery
yeah we have to put will be down ah you
have to get like surgery find this bomb
oh we have to flick you down put you
down onto the couch and rub your belly
good boy
so guys this is what it looks like when
the editing session goes down and my
three monitors here two monitors behind
me usually someone be happening on those
like last time bongos did a nice video
on those but Ryan likes to use this 10
inch MacBook not he says this is too big
way to do so you can use your little
midget Mac look not even my two giant
screens and we're going to get to
editing Philip get it so guys we're like
partially through editing it's been like
really slow today but my files weren't
working for some reason but now I'm
patrolling in the voicethread DJ is
coming home and I think he's getting GTA
and a ps4 because he hasn't been able to
play with us so basically I told him to
get a game and a headset like 6 times
and now he doesn't expect this you
thought the troll is not now I'm going
to get Ryan to call him but just be like
yo don't forget the game and the headset
oh so that was hang-up ceases yeah you
said give you one ring and hung up okay
here we go forget
is me tonight
oh you text me I'm on the green huh
yo yo yo quick to answer say one usually
fuck you but you just get a bit hit
suppose say two seconds two seconds two
seconds such a damn you know moaning oh
you know I just she disappeared if you
give me Sookie things like a quick quick
don't forget the game and the headset
yeah you know you know don't forget a
tee and the headset fuck you yeah I got
ya I got ya go let's go
so guys we're at the boys house we ate
food it's freely at night but they're
all out right now so me and Ryan have
literally been just kickin it for like
the past half an hour we were just like
you'll know your man's challenge
basically I'm going to show you guys
some photos they're absolutely deathly
if we're faced whopping us on to each
other and trying to like imitate each
other so I'm just going to show you a
few of the photos okay so this is a day
with their depose rises into hello you
got this one because the lighting here
is not blessed but this had managed to
get really good lighting I'm doing DJ
the DJ the Shawn would kill me
red shoe cutter real it was a grill I
didn't Bongo so this is not a quick
beautiful exactly
ah dad the classic dad and then another
vongole another one I think they're
coming home now but I was supposed to go
I told Toby I'd be home but hopefully
I'm gonna call as he left me chill a
little longer
no no no no we lost
it'll be a chilly locket bus
because she has both dogs so I feel bad
yo what are you doing are you you're
literally just editing for the night
pilot I'm gonna stay here a little bit
longer
hey are y'all good with the dog though
yeah they're tired charles dr. fine okay
okay I want to come home in a bit then
okay all right easy
oh I thought you'd be like no you need
to come home with the dog now day number
two vlog we are moving a vlog on to
today as well your boy camera Wolfie is
setting up behind the scenes on Sylvia's
video so if you see some dope camerawork
you know I got my favorite time playing
slippery believe me believe me on the
green eyes like this i inclu be affected
me I'm fucking in the river what you
think okay pause are the dogs ready for
the shot do hey Prince come in are you
ready for the shot wolfies ready for the
shot
alright take 1 take 1 scene 4 let's go
positions one dog two dogs good boy lay
down sit there oh yeah great acting
Chris is ready whoo she's ready boom
just wrapped up filming now I'm headed
out to go get David David wants to kick
it he's been in Tehran for like a long
time he's visiting his girlfriend but
now he is back in time and I don't think
he knows what I'm about to challenge him
to do but I want to do something pretty
cool so let's get it let's go break for
some pho holy lady just pulled up on the
side of the road to get this I'm so
hungry I haven't eaten four o'clock hey
can I make an order for pickup please
yeah yeah can I get one order of a oh
six yeah and then one order of p17 and
then can I make that a large please
that's it yeah Charlie is my name and
then my numbers about 20 minutes awesome
thank you oh I'm so excited
the lighting is terrible for some reason
like my face is lit the other half isn't
the Sun is out to shine right now before
I go to David's I'm picking up food like
I said I haven't eaten all day so let's
go get this grub
I'm cheese why did your boy always
forget to bring his camera at the best
time apparently the girl working at the
counter there told me that her younger
brother liked race fly video so
shout-out to you I didn't really catch
his name which is like yeah last time
David and Wolfie came in to go get some
clothes or so I always say around but
that's how I say it whatever last time
we went to go get food there
the younger brother watched the video
and then he was like apparently freaking
out at his older sister so she just went
off and told me how big of a wolf a me
is so shout out to you you know you are
and this food this food is amazing guys
if you haven't been here go there it's
right there free promo free promo
probably about God let's get it I just
got to my parents house they're going to
show me a preview of the video first
video on the rent channel I'm sure was a
banger Soviet told me there was a pretty
good video so show me this because I
have to eat my food haven't eaten all
4:30 in the car I'm going to David's as
soon as I'm done this but I will let you
guys know I'm going to show you my
reaction anyways here we go let me set
this up so you can see my live reaction
this part will be time-lapse guys the
video description will be up here
somewhere
great video like I said like with with
the text on the screen it's going to be
there click the link at the top of the
description to go watch it is their
first prank and you already knows it's
not a prank it's the first video it's a
prank it's literally a prank on home
it's a prank on right and the thing
about that is I'm fucking them up Oh
comment down below what you want to see
like my next Frankie but I already have
a few ideas what I'm gonna do can do all
that one like do all that whatever you
want to do is we just fuck complete the
cuffs or a joke I was like you how can I
recycle this I'm going hard I'm making
sure my dad can't make it to work in the
morning that's my neck and I got Dustin
to help me so let's go David
mmm I'm done watching some Katie nice
bad guys screen is not focused but
watching some Casey knife at this -
relaxing day today rockets they have
involved they have in the vlog say
Prince and wolfy jr. better - boy David
forced me to play 2k guys I hate this
game I don't like basketball what team
team you like they let me see I said I
play if I give me the best team USA yeah
let me switch my lineup I need to make
sure Kyle Larry's on time I need to make
sure the bronze out on the bench anyways
I'm gonna play some suit k I'll update
you guys like in five minutes when I
spanked this guy I'm only taking three
pointers let's get it just want to
update you guys on the core 3932 no
you're not okay shit I got a plate yo um
cheese okay 39:32 guys I'm actually in
the W right now no you're not show them
this works no no no no don't rage quit
noise yeah yeah way to go
yeah I beat him 62 like 40 horny wins
but I can't even lie guys I was Team USA
and I made it be the Raptors thank you
but I never play two K so I I was I
played better than I thought I was gonna
be anyways now ready with people yo the
tip goddess here boys the tip god is
here
I'm on my game today hurry up the replay
Oh beep oh look at this look at this
goal you want it here take it tip off so
we're at Loblaws and I found a confetti
shooter randomly in this aisle so I'm
going to scoop this and then use it when
I go home with Silvia it says
specifically on the front it says in the
top left corner never point or shoot at
anyone I'm gonna go home and sure that
we're good of a party so guys this what
I want to do with David basically I
picked up the largest sized slushy they
had from the store okay but thinking the
slushy is not extreme enough for me I'm
extremists fuck I like to go hard or go
home so basically we got malic acid you
guys don't know what this is I put this
in the world sourest
cotton candy the world flowers drinks
basically like one spoonful of this not
even once with one little batch of this
and your mouth is over like basically
you're making the sour face on earth I
will prove to you that you're a Heather
yeah all right I haven't had this in a
minute but it's all I'm taking
sorry it's sour
okay hold on need to wash it under my
mouth with something sweet so basically
it's really really sour
extremely sour that's our thing in the
world we are going to be putting a
spoonful of malic acid in each one of
these slushies and seeing who can drink
the fastest it's called a frost they're
gonna have 7-eleven in Ottawa do we so
we don't have 7-eleven we don't in my
eyes I didn't see it so we don't have it
I'm going to be using a froster this
one's low-key cheaper too
so let me get a spoonful of this malic
acid remember this is more wolfy this is
this is the main channel so just think
about it before you legit kill me got my
ring lay here to provide me some good
light my girlfriend and the dog here for
moral support
my other puppy here who hates his life
prints cheer up bro life is good
okay you got me here what here I'll pop
this off
oh I knew in know we have an ice cream
scoop um geez okay listen up you not
about to get that's Kenya that's way too
much but is what it is oh hell all right
now give yourself the same okay look you
know Helen is a trickster objet mine
okay yeah yeah that's it you can give
yourself sriracha but I get to the
control cause your cross forgot oh yeah
hey Lindsay I just want a little bit
very much oh that yeah look earlier
that's a nice technique but now I just
over go on oh my goodness that is that
yet not not
that's pretty even you understand how
much fucking thing you put in mine
anyways that's good you can't even tell
okay now maybe I don't expect a flip it
so now just put the lids on mix it up a
bit you with your not like this you
laughter atcha what do you mean that's a
treat okay we'll be back all right time
to make this bad way up oh I'm gonna
yack bro you don't understand what you
did oh oh
sriracha blends enough to drink okay so
I got my slushies Davis got his we're
going to see who can drink those first I
honest I honestly don't think I'm going
to get one fifth down but we'll chat
anyways let's hear three two one go
I did it I did it yeah we're good wrong
to it 39 it's a little kick oh I'm
finishing that's for sure ah I'm so far
down no no no no let's just take a
breath
I got past the first tip I got a little
bit of the slushie done guys I'm
continuing I'll be back
so basically we are about halfway done I
took off my lid - a fucking mush like I
tried separating a sour from the regular
slushy but it's all pretty much the
hourly yeah this is how our displeasure
all right I don't know what I'm saying
David loves to run total absolutely
angel eyes that okay David have stomach
pain so I think we know who the winner
is going to be oh I will push through it
for the wolf am yeah me kids yell any
praise other I gotcha
I'm going to finish my straw love for
audience it doesn't think I hear that a
lot
you boys the winner I'm coming in I
can't do it I can't do it guys I tried
let's do buckets are but I win by
disqualification we'll be sorry sink
alive panda oh okay bye okay guys so I
just finished playing GTA with the boys
and I'm now chilling with my family
right here got Wolfie and Prince biting
on my arm trying to get on the couch I'm
laying with Silvia it leaves like pasta
on me right now but I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did make sure to
go down smash that like one let's hit 26
thousand likes on this vlog Wolfie what
should they do tell them in your dog
language
hold on they bring you to the camera
what should they do 27000 what do you
mean 27000 we don't usually do that
we'll be what do you mean okay fine we
can hit 27 thousand only because we'll
be said smash that thumbs up button
let's hit 27 thousand instead of 26
comment down below
principle
what you want them to comment that you
want them to comment that prince is the
best looking dog on the planet
okay comment Prince is the best with a
dog on the planet so wolfies attacking
me and sylvia so I got to go Luffy
you talked already I will see you guys
soon our movie or least a a little bit
more times thank me kennel s as always
stay Travis Blanco
