good morning AOA pitch abuela will be
welcome back to more Wolfie means so we
just finished filming the responding to
girlfriends Instagram DMS and let me
tell you that is that's going to be an
entertaining video banger for sure very
fun now we're filming a video for
Sylvia's channel but check this out you
guys think I'm clean okay maybe you
don't think I'm clean but this is how I
lie on YouTube basically I set the
camera up and if there is a mess over
here like say there's like blankets and
coats because I always wear it difficult
every fucking day
all over here some stuff over here
basically this stuff isn't in the shot
but there's like a chewed-up rice cake
right here some empty water right here
basically I throw everything on the
ground behind this couch so when I'm
filming with this camera everything
looks good and then you come behind the
couch and you see that I'm actually a
slob okay I'm not as well but there was
not shit over here oh yeah now we're
filming some makeup video for Sylvia's
channel now we're gonna go get food very
busy day because these dogs have I know
this dog has an appointment this left
leg has been acting up right I tried the
doggy massage and it didn't work so
we're going to take him to the vet and
see what is the issue with him really
wants to play also I think I gotta go to
my mom's there's just a lot of stuff
selectively started I played myself when
I bought this friggin hoodie because
guys I didn't realize that they left the
magnetic strip on the hoodie when I was
in Toronto I bought another coat it was
that brown coat that was like on a heavy
discounted sale and I didn't know what
it was stuck on there as well but
luckily she Amoy have some supplying
here got my hammer hopefully this isn't
one of those ones that explodes because
when I explode blue stuff comes out of
it it's like magnetic and all this
should happen so hopefully it's on one
of those but we're going to give it a
nice little whack
let's see what we got here guys you
reduce angle give me from here Jesus I
need the cutting board come on please
this thing does not want to come off
that it does not want to come off why is
it the hardest thing I've ever had to
hit in my life that was the hardest hit
okay honestly at this point I might have
to take you out literally just take me
out on the sweater because I'm pretty
sure I ripped it you can look so nice
one photo
I ripped it I wrapped it definitely
ripped it it's come out come out
ah look how close I am guys you can see
it yeah I will see and not feeling this
right now all right it's a lot we have
to consider cool we have to research we
have to resort to the scissors yes I
love you Twitter you're good to me I'm
cheese I got it out but this was injured
in the process for sure these stores
need to stop giving me this up the trip
I'm cheap
I think these dogs are trying to tell me
something what do you want and where's
my money do you want something - no can
you sit sit good boy
well Prince is laying down good boy oh
yeah your boy Prince and I are literally
kicking it outside until we have to take
wolfy jr. to the factory cold spot to :
Cuban Prince warm it's like freezing
rain right now literally just as I was
like yellow it's gonna be amazing
because it was really nice out yesterday
freezing rain starts to drop on my head
so hood up right now god damn
Prince how are you good boy the cat
always shivers Wolfie do you want to go
in there you want to go in the animal
hospital or no he knows we're here he
knows we are here
we're here actually 10 minutes early
last time we were here 10 minutes late
but yo my jaw is killing me man oh my
god I don't know if wisdom teeth are
supposed to really make like the back of
your jaw hurt and like the depth of like
your cheeks but my jaw is on fire but
the Google is because I still got time
can you just chill please let's see if
Siri can hook this up with the life hack
hey Siri dang
our wisdom teeth supposed to make your
jaw hurt checking my soldiers okay oh my
god I hate when it whips up a suggested
pitch but hold up here we go pain that
truly comes from wisdom tooth may feel
like ear pain or pain may be felt in
other areas of the job job popping is
usually not associated with wisdom teeth
it may be dropping on and on both your
pain Angela popping may be related to
temporal mandibular joint problems TMJ
no no I think I'm bad I think I have
that okay so I fucking might go to the
store and see if they can like pop my
job back in place because I don't know
if it's out of place feels like it's out
of place ah Wolfie min you are both old
man I mean your back left leg is injured
and my job is injured and you just might
as well just just fucking oh you know
what we might as well just do my go to
do something very funny reaching out to
you she took very successful procedure
and the product stops of course it's
expensive and you're looking at about
two months to recovery period where he's
not a lovely jump he's not allowed to
fit with other dogs if there's going to
be some restrictions if he has surgery
breed ones don't need surgery those guys
the level of location is so mild but you
guys heard that the guy talking what if
I told you this man was white the
whitest guy ever was the most Caribbean
accent I've ever heard of my life this
guy's fuckin Jamaican yourself he said
Wolfie had something that a lot of small
dogs yet basically his kneecap or
something it keeps popping in and out
the guy said he has stage 2 out of like
four stages it's not the best stage but
not the worst stage he said it's
probably going to keep popping in and
out in order to fix that you need to get
surgery so basically surgery takes like
a month to book it costs a decent amount
of money like a lot of fucking money
I don't know dog Costas wants to take
care of but I think we decided we're
going to go into surgery just because
we're going to play it safe with the
whole situation so if these should be
good but it's going to be like a 6-week
recovery time but the guys seem pretty
sure about it gonna be fine bro oh my
god will be what is wrong if you're
positive so dirty it's all just so dirty
I think all my new jeans object your
daily dose of do you know Ryan please
here we go
Wow if picking up packages mailed to me
her videos was a class your boy would
get a nice fucking plus we are at FedEx
I've never been in here usually I just
talk about Sylvia going in here but I
got a package today so let's see what it
is no idea what this bad boy is but I'm
ready
I'm cheese guys it came in like a Revlon
box I thought it was makeup I literally
thought I was like a slap in the face
thing you know we'll put Charlie your
name on it but for your girlfriend
anyways left turns out it's for me so
the things that I got are not as big as
I thought they're gonna be kind of
disappointed it's supported yeah that's
the point it guys
alright peace - I wanted to sue she
spots an auto or they used to go to the
place that I went for my birthday like
last birthday we're gonna chew it polish
it I don't know when I turned 15 so that
would be so that's cuz I'm 17 now
anyways it's closed down we're doing an
impromptu trip yeah we're going to go
get sushi for like dinner lunch kind of
breakfast all together it's like 4
o'clock right now we haven't eaten
they're going to go get sushi but we
drove past it was like right over there
there's no sign on it all the lights are
off so I guess they're out of business
luckily there's another species phone
right down the road swear I just want
the boys last time place where everyone
orders too much we have iPad right yeah
exactly
maybe they do I don't know I don't think
the other places this place is more
high-tech the iPod so we're going to
mountain sushi but pay on a lot for
every good dinner prices we got the
sushi place
not the menu on the iPad here with an
order
first good came I'm not sure what this
is but this might be witless
look at how good these rows of sesame
chicken oh my goodness okay so I'm sure
a lot of you guys are wondering in the
vlog yesterday why I picked up the glue
and why I picked up the pen from Walmart
at like 11:00 p.m. well I'll tell you
why but to try a prank but basically I
saw the video online all you need is
some typical pen so red black and blue
pen energized and you need some glue so
I got these glue sticks and I got these
blue sticks remember how I said I picked
up two glue sticks because I found a
loophole in the system basically they
were unscannable tried to run back and
grab the pack which I definitely don't
need this many but whichever one works
better so basically you can make a cut
on your arm
pretty pretty much anywhere you want it
looks pretty damn realistic like it
fooled me I fucking with gross over I'm
not scared of blood but obviously deep
cuts I don't like looking at so I'm
going to try to make it out of this
transparent glue and the pen see what it
looks like and then if it looks dope
then I'm going to go to my mom's house
prank her say I fell and cut my arm
prank my dad because this guy's a doctor
he'll probably know it's fake and if
that works and I'm going to the boys to
prank time and say like I fucked my arm
up so let's start building this so the
first step has to do with the red pen
you're going to want to grab some paper
just to draw on and make sure the color
is good okay so this is a nice red so
you're going to want to pull your arm
out and you're going to want to draw the
base of the cut so basically the two
ends you want to make them skinny I
don't have like a kind of wide middle
area so we're going to make the cut
you can see but we're gonna make the cut
right here this looks not bad at all and
you don't want to make it too thick
because the thicker it is you know the
more unbelievable it's going to be ah
that's a reasonably sized cut I mean you
can't really see it but yeah that's
pretty reasonable now once we've got
this we are going to fill this in with
red so all this time lapses are quick
until it's done
so the red is complete next we're going
to grab the blue pen pretty basic and
we're going to draw a line going down
the middle of this red right from one
side to the other so that's what it
looks like so far now you're going to
take the black pen and just a little bit
of a black right over the blue hard for
you to see but it just darkens the lines
just let go back here whew that's a nice
color right there so the next part we're
going to grab the glue and basically you
want to make little balls of this clear
glue here and what you want to do is you
want to put glue basically all the way
is just this part annoying but all the
way around the side of the cut so all
the way around here all the way around
here I want to time-lapse again and this
should be done in a bit
okay so this is what it should look like
similar to this I mean it could be a
little more clean but I'm pretty fucking
clumsy so this is what it looks like the
next step is we're going to grab a red
pen again okay guys you're gonna pop the
back off of it oh don't bite it off like
me guys you can hear me biting it off at
her anyways you want yes that clock bit
it here you're going to take this part
out of it which is basically where all
of the ink comes from great dispute I'm
going to actually come in okay well I
think I actually did cut my daughter
come on Charles
yeah I definitely definitely cut myself
nice because you hit real quick why like
why to use a knife or scissors not your
mouth you want to cut your mouth now
just stop it stop ah my jaws hurt ego
did I hurt so bad can you stop then as
you keep doing it give it to me I have
an idea
there we go I didn't have an idea I just
don't want you to do that okay guys now
we're going to dab the blood on so
essentially ink will come out you can
already see your thumb to drip nice how
about taking this off I know I should
have waited for this to dry but I played
myself so we're just gonna gonna get
another this blood come in here oh yeah
and you can blow it out if you want to
come out a little quicker
he doesn't process a bit dab it on and
we're just going to continue and I'll
come back so here's what the first one
looks like guys honestly I think I
fucked up a bit I made it too wide the
glue was just like not in the right
position so this one's not realistic I'm
going to do one more and I'll come back
when I was done so this is the final
product guys the second attempt a little
better than the first attempt still I
feel like there would be some redness
around here but I don't want to fuck it
up more than already is really cool it
looks sleek obviously so from a distance
I'm just like ah ah
Carlitos fucker
oh are you good now I'm gonna go price
of people okay so I rather the boys
house I don't really know how I'm gonna
try and sell them on this right now but
I think I'm going to just say like I was
filming a video and the night full femur
to me
I think that's like the best way because
if I'm in the kitchen I started using it
nice when I yell they're going to be
like what the fuck is this guy using a
nice so I'm going to try and hit out one
person at a time and see if I can get
them individually unless they're like
in which case I can't probably do that
you're Ryan you'll come here for a sec
so I push myself as a nice really but I
merge myself knife will be earlier just
the opposite wasn't straight I really
don't know what do you mean - like fuck
dude oh my oh she's late addresses we
redo it all yeah yo oh yeah bro yo let
me get with us down here yeah we
wouldn't fall for shit fuck you jack
I've walked myself maple holy shit call
an ambulance
yo won best youtuber ever his friends
got cut no one fell for it alright it
was very long play like this brokers I
can't but I can't move my arm I can't
move my I really yell it looked really
quick no you should yell and I'm like oh
fuck it that's what I said I was like
I'm not gonna do that if I do that
fucking job you lazy fucking break I
knew it very Shaun we don't anyways it
all will be with you and like things all
won't because what we've been injured
parents will be okay guys so I'm gonna
FaceTime my mom and try and crank with
this because it's really annoying me
holding your arm like this and making
sure shit doesn't drip off its friggin
heart so my arms cramping up I don't
have too much time but I feel like
facetimes into a more justice than being
real life we're selling almost showing
like a DIY Fritos actually we'll see yo
mom mom mom look daddy I cut my arm I'm
filming a video DIY I fucking come out
okay just like deep like what do I do
what do you mean I need help i need help
so what do you mean look at that
somebody else okay
hey by that Jerry what say bye
mutant what was fuckin clearly real with
you is Mandy's go
Maddie still concerns yeah my mom thinks
it's real do it you would feel offended
okay mom
you don't know it stop trying to act
like you didn't know okay hold on holy
fuck oh my what I cut the first part we
go out concered YouTube fake come on
let's go okay we heal that okay I'm
going I have to wash this off right
snake Robert honesty Charles like I just
want you be and I'm glad you're happy
I'm glad yo camera here now not fake
reviews oh whoa yo yo go get Ben Diego
bendy were you going nothing about this
okay yeah yeah we're gonna say it I'm
good state got more wash this off do
your cheers to my my little bro right
here
you just hit Trey you drive respected
I'm like nice three mil everyone's going
David recent video and say congrats Dave
on three Lily you already know what it
is we get drunk tonight what are you
doing girl you can only high-five Dave
if you had 190 K sub I'm editing I'm
trying to focus it's not a boat
something about the connection I thought
it's only able to sell girls stay hard
yeah Sylvia it's 11 12 make a wish only
cool kids wish I don't have a job you
barking at wolfies working cuz you happy
to see me
this is ready to be shook whose manager
is holding good boy good boy
oh shit Wolfie your chronic him no no no
looks you know if he doesn't like me now
he never looks oh he doesn't place one
my family like the knees exciting
dogs not affectionate thank you oh geez
wolfies like jumping off the fucking
walls thank you ladies yeah whatever
so guys right now I'm just going to show
you a sneak preview of my face because
we're filming Sylvia's video at
nighttime late oh my god okay that's all
you got to see I'm going to put the
camera at the ceiling so you can't see
anything basically we're filming
something it's painful for Sylvia
channel I got a light camera monitor mic
all in my face you can kind of see me in
the reflection a bit there
there oh my god this video will be
dropping on her channel in a few days I
will leave a link to it in the
description make sure to check it out
after it on this video make sure to tell
her that wolf BAM you were sent as the
wolf m and you were sent by King Wolfie
give the video a big thumbs up but
basically I can't be showing you what I
look like I'm pretty B right now the
things I do
alright that is a wrap on me in soviet
filming session my face feels
rejuvenated AF after all those masks i
was trying on how do you think it went
i think that you don't appreciate the
mask as much as i did i don't think
there's much to appreciate to be honest
your skin feels baby-smooth yeah it does
it does feel baby smooth gyroscope
they must have work you gotta go check
out the video on the description below
um right now because i had to come home
with film a video with cilia david like
I was saying this guy hit 3 million
subscribers today again shout out to
David he's killing the game he is on GTA
right now
I think Sean's also filming a GTA video
jad might be I'm not quite sure but
that's what I'm going to be doing right
now I'm going to be hopping on GTA 4 a
bit with the boys so I'm going to end
the vlog off there but I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did and if you enjoyed my
shitty prank go down smash that like one
let's hit 26 thousand likes on this vlog
you already know what it is Wolff and we
killed a white gang like God I'm like
God see watch this I'm just going to
make an explosion on the screen in three
two seconds and it's going to pop up 26
thousand likes three two one boom with a
crazy epic bass drop you already hear
that music check out that number 26,000
do you see it okay now it's there okay
now it's there hit those legs now it's
there now it's there now I'm holding it
now I threw it there now I brought it
back and threw it there smack that like
button you already know what it is if
you make this barium to the blog comment
down be low babyface Wolfie because
right now I feel like I have a baby
fucking smooth space and if you guys
comment that I would be replying to a
shitload you guys that do again I love
you guys and I'll see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage
Lego
