for good money a OS kitchenware will be
welcome back to more Wolfie welcome to
another day in the life of your boy
Wolfie hope you guys have an amazing day
I'm having an amazing day I woke up I
feel a little stuffed my nose little
stuff my eyes are not fully awake yet
but I got to go outside to get that done
but to take a wolfy for his morning walk
what the fuck is he doing
whoopee whoopee why are you smelling
dogshit tarnish your mind shot you my
morning shot you're going to always have
you got to say your day with a shot of
tequila guys here we go
you seem to put this in front of me yes
sir I won't do it
she has tequila don't worry ah I got 6%
day squeeze man is this man pissed all
over his own front leg
wookie don't choose me where you going
you already know how we live in but to
deposit a car into the bank account
let's get go to the closet Ryan's life
in my bank account right here guys
that's cool whole shebang yeah you know
it is old oh now I can deposit it the
deed is done
alright guys I'll be back in like two
seconds I'm going to give Ryan my camera
because it's legal forgot his camera
basically we're going to Dollarama which
is right around the corner
the getting makeup because you want you
to do makeup so here's here you go let's
go alright so we got the stuff to Ryan's
video but basically I just came in here
and found away easy cap so I'm about to
cop slowly they say dollar Emma doesn't
sell wavy caps three dollars I'm in this
okay it's Thursday so that means it's
wing day since I'm on diet wolfy I'm
going to be on my juice cleanse in the
in the wing place so I'm only getting
the wing bone and eating the bones just
but no wings how pretty how you see the
run so the wings just came for some
reason I don't know why I told them just
to bring me bones so I can't even these
are all Ryan's
just call easy natural this is blessed
they actually brought me the wing bones
they knew that wolf is on a diet let's
get it now
all right so you guys heard it here
first Longo's video went viral I mean
check it out
look at this DIY views okay this man is
killing the game right now so actually I
say I think I hear pulling up right now
yo Fargo anything no no no no bro come
on I don't want to come in your Ferrari
bro I know you had a viral video I don't
I just I don't want to drive in your
Ferrari you please come inside oh come
on you're re yo that right not to say
that you could drive me in your Lambo
variety anytime let's hope you get your
own with it you know yeah maybe when I
get viral like a minute okay guys so I
just saw a video that pewdiepie draw
basically he reacted to people that
smash or packed him and then that
reminded me I caught jenna Marbles
erotical we can go
I think the gabbie show did a video as
well and but I don't want to do one but
there's been a lot of kids like linking
me these masterpath challenges that have
me included in them and I'm pretty sure
your boy gets past a lot and that that
can't happen why are people passing me
okay
what the fuck it's kind of teasing me so
I'm about to go look at a few of these
videos react to them and hopefully not
cry that's not the plan we're not gonna
crack it so we got the first one from
from the boy at least lights in the girl
back here we go the harsh fat because
Matt Cecilia I equip my I quit my job
haha good man but your girl your girl
needs to fuck you get a mine right girl
look at me bro I'm a fucking god what
you saying you know what I didn't want
to watch you anyway don't wanna scratch
it with next one we got
that's neat place your boy just had a
heavy Elle's put on his head next when
we got the kid face rub this guy is be
homie so ah I'm looking forward to this
one let's play it up
Molly your scam I like ya
okey-dokey rock pies no promise of
nature I'm into that new whose joy yes
hey Fred guys give me a nice recovery
big run right y'all my back of your
buddy food chef key though I'm gonna
give it back oh thank god please rock
bro I love you bro just like honestly
bro let me give you all my fucking let
me give you everything I have road you
are the best wingman you can be my
wingman anytime I need you around when
this shit happens because this girl is
like up in the air in the face looks
like I think you talked I said she's
like aa forest hot right Bella pot mash
mash mash mash all right so we got one
day one you'll go to the next one this
is by Kyra based Oh God Oh yo yo yo yo
yo she's like looking at him like are
you serious
some of the heaviest time new chair if
you like my videos or not it's a smash
of past challenge you can't recover
after slaps of your face without but you
know what it is what it is I was fuckin
flash myself I think I'm pretty cute and
you know what it is like which is how he
was talking I think I think he would
flash but she wouldn't Spanish so that's
another L for me the games the game I'm
wanting to play less and less with every
fuckin compilation I would love next one
that's good this day alright buddy and
right now I'm cops but Ryan kinda looks
like he's a little shorter but he'll be
he'll be in UDF people right now this
occur here next I couldn't find a lot
about me because like a lot of girls
don't want to put tamasha past videos up
but I think we can conclude that there's
a lot of tax on your boy Wolfie which is
which is not surprising to be fucking
surprising what do you mean I'm a
fucking god but I found a few of these
guys who put my name in the title
clearly to get these views but it is
what it is you know this YouTube 2017
they're talking about how they would
smash or pass my girlfriend so you know
I love it so maybe slashes loda okay
Silvia get some scratches and the last
one I found here we go Silvia again
seven minutes on this one Chris wait
alright we're done here
yo I don't know who told me that these
dollar store hats were not laced with
three dollars for this hat I'm looking
like Bongo let's get it back your
collection no this is not a lateral
longer look very sensitive you know when
I wrote in black
how does it look like this I know cuz it
looks like it look guys I'm letting Sean
roll up my rim fuck no bro come on not
far you don't know no do it the quick
way this is critical the reason I gave
it to you yay
okay guys if you don't know Don did a
video on thousand roll up the rim win no
roll the red cup makes me once out it's
like gambling on roids so basically I'll
leave a link in the description to his
video about our winners there's a lot of
wins I can't show you how many there is
you got to go to his channel to find out
but he just got me a help so you want
coffee you want donuts roof
I'll take I'll take all these we're on
our daily do you know Ryan please
because periscope bandar instagrams on
our ass and now we got to do is I are
alert here we go I see three backpacks
coming up here on the Left house let's
see if I not only do they know Ryan's
place the question hopefully no one yo
you guys know Ryan's please oh oh you're
alright they do Ryan a new Ryan go one
for one baby three for three bro oh my
girl was leaving her friends and she
turned around again any other people
inching on the left ours that's not so
easy
please me well I can attempt number two
you guys know rhyme please you guys know
line please no you know all right great
all right really they didn't know right
guys I have not got into your five today
those girls were unimpressed
Mariana president let's continue this
attempt number 69
Yoji Heinz on line please you guys know
rice rate did it help you baby
Oh God great mission we'll be doing
alright swings they do it all right wait
okay so we got a few Lin I'm free
what bro I can't even like I had to pull
over the middle of the intersection way
to learn other the other there yeah you
go sleep Jen get a gig right swings
alert guys stop says good hey guys we
stepped it up to Carlton University
these fans are going to be a little
harder to conquer the practice they
watch Ryan clean we got Ryan squeeze
here we're going to try to guys waiting
on you all right here we go to window
sighs easy you know right
I'm still tough so proud at universe
behaves another thing reaction to these
guys are lazy but fully house guys just
figured out that it's Reading Week and
so obviously no one's on campus like
what usually this will be flooded with
students but not one kid is here like
that's a record so I think we're going
to cut this location but yah do you guys
know rice ways roll down the window ask
if these guys realize this there's a
mall TOI these guys roll down your
window I got no wine freezes right you
know right Smith oh all right yeah you
guys know right please know these guys
you know look I'm not uh sometimes wave
nation hunting gets you really tired so
you want to boost the juice to go get
energized we are tired go except fucking
this is our job man oh no violence every
time I come to boot did you say just
have their fresh battery at work
I study there guys who came to the
location
no kids alert sound wolf em if they
don't know Ryan please I'm driving off I
give this executive guys know Ryan
please here we can see in his natural
habitat
Oh Ryan swings looking for clothes to go
clubbing in he has nothing here as he
came here for not too long and as you
can see he is picking up jeans white
painter dreams at low budget stores that
don't cost much money he is looking for
an outfit will he find it find out next
time on helping with my I already have
these you also the campeones are the
copies will company XML this is that
like a propane thank God I'm Romney
heroes actually need underwear low-key
some about the copier do you think they
have that's my big I hate you don't ever
touch my bag again that is why they rip
off my bag this is my bag leaving they
have David Beckham Ponte a funny book on
secure them the shirt that you're trying
to get will sound like call assist this
is holly bro are you ten digits all this
guy said Hollister lik are your fifteen
year old white kids keeps using me he
sees me
Ryan's making me try my first pair of
Jordans on ever I told this man I was
like no but cannot force me to get them
obviously I don't care if you idols size
Ahmad oh my god I'm not a ballroom so
guys I picked up some new clothes and
apparently the guy the store was trying
to tell me that this is a girl's shirt
okay it's huge
clearly I'm a big guy six foot five I
mean it says female on the inside but
like this is basically the shirt welcome
back is it free me yeah but I barely hit
the girl shirt like where does it say
but he told me like yo it looks good but
it is a girl sugar oh where it says it
but he said this is 100% a girl's shirt
but check out we did look look at this
guy's three to one girl sure day okay I
don't know I don't know the girl shirt I
don't know guys look pretty pretty Gaius
to me yet if you ask me I mean I don't
really know but I pretty much know it's
kind of kind of leave it is for a girl
it's meant to be one of those extremely
extremely
anyone's well I still like it I'm cheese
guys right now I'm at Walmart and I'm
looking for like these certain types of
blue sticks I want to try something in
tomorrow's vlog they actually have some
of the clear glue sticks which I think
those the ones I need but I wanted to
buy these ones that are disappearing
purple blue sticks I know those ones are
wavy as hell but they're only selling
them in a pack of like six and not the
pack of three oh shit
this actually cheap never mind never
mind I literally found the gold mine a
pack at the bottom of just like all the
ones that just don't get any love I can
get to amazing I don't know what is
going on here right now but it feels
like someone punched me super hard in
the jaw I don't know if I ate something
that was hard to eat or whatever
happened but your boy is injured right
now they get started to eat food it's
when you know YouTube's taking over they
literally sells DIY slime kits at
Walmart now and right next to it
kinetic sand what the heck YouTube
things are taking over I don't know what
it is but somebody just hit me and I am
exhausted
your boy just hit a brick wall and I
feel like my two dogs are feeling it as
well you guys are so tired right we'll
see Wolfie leads us to the better one
you want to go to bed because one a
little bit watch this if I get up and
start walking Wolfie is on his way I'm
going to bed
oh what a bad buddy two seconds and
watch this to walk with me for the bed
cuz you know like you're going to bed
you're going to bed you just taking him
this guy's okay come on grab on all
right all right
he loves the bed so on that note guys
wolfies ready to go to bed I'm ready to
go to bed the end so VI just going to
watch some TV and then I'm going to pass
out but I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
if you did make sure to go down and
smack that like button let's hit 26
thousand likes on this video because it
was lit today
do you know Ryan's release I don't know
let me know in the comments down below
comment down below do you know our heist
with and I will see you guys soon on mol
here we say a little bit more savage in
my main channel and as always everyone
outro prints come on hit me with a dope
ouch oh come on come on stay savage Lego
