good morning al what Khadija boy will be
welcome back to moral wolfy I'm
energized this morning guys I feel great
even though I haven't had my coffee or
my food I'm about to take these dogs to
my mom's for like an hour while I film
picking up Brian I think I'm thinking of
Bongo as well because I have a banger
idea just decided to throw on my where's
wolfy shirt for the date I love it Karl
Ryan yo y'all moats right okay give it
first top of the date wall Mon I come
here way too often but hopefully they
have what I need today and they are but
I need you today we are good balloon
time not to make some balloons guys I
took a wrong turn I was going to go to
Tim Hortons to get breakfast and check
it out I'm not one of those storage
units like storage wars I can hear the
guy saying I'd really need to the
security cameras
holy shit y'all here in Ottawa come here
and like Louisville robbers another day
another banger getting ready to film
basically I have my supplies here
everything should be good but I wanted
to point out that I'm excited because
this how you know summer is coming when
spring is coming spring before it's
unfamiliar this this table used to be
filled with snow and now it's kind of
breaking like pretty easily guys like
and this should be packing snow which is
good for making snowballs heat there you
go all I know is I cannot wait to see
what this backyard looks like when all
the snow melts because as you can see
there's a bowl that was just found under
here basket it was just found under here
probably a dead body under here but who
knows a shovel yeah there's a shovel you
just don't even and friggin the COPE
video that I did with them with the
wubble bubble I don't want to see the
other side so the video is going well so
far we are about to head to the park to
shoot the final scene of the video it
took an unexpected turn but it's very
very cool why is the lighting so weird
down here very very cool how how things
came to be looking under his phony
fucking banger shot here holy shit
anyways gotta grab my GoPro and what are
these goddamn alright that is a wrap on
filming for the day honestly it's going
to be a banger your boy is cold I got so
much snow in my and my system jumping
because this snow is deeper than the
snow lunar like doing a basketball trick
shots yesterday this shit is mud and
look our discussions past tsunami and
ran I gotta go figure out what we are
doing about food cuz rinds we go
he's like wait on food that's like my
Tackett usually I don't eat until like 9
10 p.m. so he's like wait on food and
we'll have with the blesses me laughter
you film so we want to get food now
if he says anything about what cheap
Wendy's burgers I'm throwing my phone he
curved my call on cheaper to walk in on
and pass on the snake alert you curved
my call
why didn't you answer Oh editing yeah
good come in a fake it
yo guys you know right yo you get the
food I'll meet you guys there
oh never mind
hurts no today guys they actually came
to it it gives it ball go yo that you
know each other think you guys you want
to sound anyone else Johnny I'm like
Johnny and Michael what ok shout their
eyes with this the whole when things
don't go your way you make holes in the
hole fully alright so I completely
forgot to roll on my rim from this
morning I forgot my record is but I will
pop it up on the screen right now so
that's my record wins and losses I'm
losing put it that way I'm not winning
but actually now I need to say something
although I'm winning that laugh that
laughing oh my god my voice still nice
whoa
you win I like his row I was in earlier
when because we lie ok bless good I was
actually in a low key role right to not
home but it watch it has I watched on to
a video on this Sean literally rolled a
thousand I guess a how many one but this
man had the technique down to a tee
check this out let me see if I can do it
in like 20 seconds like Sean no longer
well senators room agenda again here we
go
the technique was squish it in and roll
up right away here we go three two one
oh not bad please play again the
technique was there okay s all that
counts I'm calling so via to see if he
notices that I have helium helium Frank
call yo what you doing Oh what are you
doing hey I'm teasing right now probably
shit I'm about to pass out oh my god oh
oh
selling a car is stressful guys
literally I have to let my mom drive my
old car that I'm trying to get rid of
right now I literally just picked up all
the papers from my house hopefully
tonight is the last night that's
I'm spending with this card even though
I love it my first car I will always
love it great car nothing wrong with at
all but I check my mom I won't drive so
slow there's just a lot of work going
into getting rid of it like I thought it
was just kids I want to get rid of the
car you want to buy the car give me the
money
here's the car but no you got to go
through servants Ontario you got to go
through the government the money is not
the money can't just be handed over
there's a lot of details that you don't
initially think of so gotta wait for my
mom to pull up behind me
mom pull up let's go good dad mom she
waiting for the next okay she's coming
anyways we're going to the store and I'm
gonna go get a receipt book I guess I
don't have one of those so I can make a
receipt for this car the question is
where are the receipts and this would be
at other there I'm looking this way
spread out you'll find it quicker here
over these sales orders one I look for a
bunch of different things
photo ID we take it it's legit I'm gonna
get the full book we got it smaller yeah
there's multiple you can rip them off oh
yeah these look oh hi guys we got the
goods or good to go I think hopefully
it's on you guys be if you had I don't
think you see that cuz I don't see that
that is where my master used to be and
guess what it's not there anymore it is
not there anymore let's go officially
sold one card down another carton well
the car is officially sold I just draw
my video everything's pretty good except
YouTube's make me they didn't want to
notify anybody about my new video
dropping so I'm just going to take the
El right now but I'll leave it up
hopefully it does well like in the next
day I'm going to leave it in the
description for this video
biggest gummy burger you ever seen in
your life it's crazy and guys hint at
what today's video is about that we
filmed big one these balloons are insane
so I gotta say quick update on the Audi
r8 that I was looking at I don't think
I'm gonna get it right now because with
how much stress not one car was to get
off my shoulders until I figure out
what's happening I'm in Toronto 100% I'm
going to chill on getting it because
honestly if I want an RA I can get an RA
in Toronto there's probably going to be
a lot more selection there for now not
going to let the sales guys pressure me
into buying this car because rushing the
cars I can say from experience
bad idea don't do it think about what
you want to buy but all right has always
been like I've been in love with that
car so maybe in Toronto see what's
happening there but for now x6m is beef
okay guys so we are in a bit of a rush
basically it's Wednesday night Sylvia
wants wine it's like 11:00 p.m. right
now but all the alcohol stores are
places to get alcohol where we live in
Ontario are close they close it like
9:00 10:00 latest but locally we live on
the border of not just that Ogdensburg
place where I went to go pick up some
stuff but we also live on the border of
HO essentially we have like half an hour
to get to Howe before one of the stores
closes itself wine and I need to get
wine for Sylvia because she asked for it
and I'm with Ryan and we're going to
fucking get there if I if I if I have to
die to get there okay we're getting
there so basically right now we're in
this random parking lot I wanted to put
the camera on the top of my car cuz I
thought it was like a more epic shot you
look not epic epic okay a particularly
intense music now so it's been 10
minutes so far we have about 15 minutes
left to go get there but I'm on taste
the traffic is holding me out guys so
intense I just want to get there before
closes because of no idea we just
crossed the border as you can see the
lights are up here they are now sideways
don't publicize red lights in Ontario so
I'm kind of stressing I don't know how
you're supposed to turn right on these
roads like I know they have like
different rules enough so I'm just going
to follow this cursed road so I typed
the wrong gas station guys he's getting
really intense time ticking and now if
we had to reroute onto some fuel I froze
which adds like five minutes to our
times so walk man and let me follow this
it's good guys fault it's your fault
and he's like Bassam I love this red
jacket guys I failed so yeah we failed
the mission
that wrong turn it screwed us up and put
us behind schedule and we're late now he
just drove like half an hour for nothing
so it was baby cooking shuttle
and I can't know what you think guys
we're literally at the store
the only alcoholic in my house right now
is tequila and I hate you no one likes
it
no you're not okay with yo fans watching
underwater not y'all real me let's go
man well do you know right slave there
is really 12 o'clock we discussed amigo
Jason's leaders I'll shut up to Jason
supporting me because watching my video
in metric holy shit
mud this guy's Martinus wolf em
everywhere basically like I was saying
you only have to kill out my house shit
alcohol apparently sprite is decent with
tequila and raspberry lemonade is the
latest drink on the planet so if that
doesn't work with it it's a lot so now
we're at the segment guys of the blog
where me and Ryan are currently playing
some people on the TV just bank this guy
in the game plutonium worry about it
basically this guy showed me a Siri
trick so you're going to be really good
this guy showed me the Siri chick where
basically all you have to do is ask
series what is 0/0 check this out
literally this what serious how can you
say it hey Siri what 0/0 imagine that
you have zero cookies and you split them
evenly among zero friend how many
cookies does each person get tea it
doesn't make sense and Cookie Monster's
thought that there are no cookies and
you start touch you have no friends
that literally look it shows the text
Siri writes all of that out how insane
is that so basically I was like you know
what other fucking wavy should the
series say I looked up a lit just look
up like Siri hacks or Siri tricks on
Google and there is literally a list of
95 Siri things like that you just ask
them there are over 95 so I'm going to
say someone's up to you guys you call it
down below if you ever heard of these
and sorry in advance for all the people
to have iPhones at home because I'm
going to make your iPhone go off just by
saying hey Siri I made everyone's phone
go off at home I'm sorry guys I love you
guys so the first one I'm going to read
is you know what it says when you say
what does the Fox make dinner
what is the Fox a great thinking things
interesting wing dig dig dig dig your
series of what knock knock knock knock
yeah Ryan choice Ryan's way to right
place I
do knock-knock jokes hey see you later I
praise the writer look look testing
testing yes this is a test that's fine I
reckon you sorry okay Oh serious because
it was just a test because we have ache
I'm drunk
oh and then a pops up on the screen call
me at hockey guys look at that it
literally says call me a taxi you
remember something anyone can you do
that
oh and then it says uber chokehold this
is really this is really really really
active are you saying uber okay so guys
you know you know if you're drinking a
little bit of like tequila or wine just
tell Siri you're drunk and then not
series gonna help you up what's this one
why not you say why but I think as I say
why not
KC is falling too intellectual for me
here we go easier why anything else why
why an excellent question why good
question okay so you just repeat
yourself in there God just want a
mystery to me
oh hi hey Siri avoiding the quiz and
snake scooby-doo where are you
I can't speak American okay I don't
think that's act that literally is a
part of the movie sing a song you
wouldn't like it
sing a song you know I can't sing Ryan
fight we sing it song I'd rather meet
not to the professional present leaves
less impressive or cheesy
Hoover will okay the over ones wavy that
that's actually useful say my friends
normally like typical a little one I
need help my friend broke they're like
Oh bro literally this isn't Siri but it
pops up it literally pops up texting
options save time options
this is wavy okay I need help my friend
broke their leg same shit bro pops it up
Wow
Eiffel maybe I didn't work out sorry
okay my friend broke their leg I really
need help
so I'm sitting it out so the truth
seemed like that was big help seems very
very Berkeley my friend Rose they're
like sorry
look you fuck I'm sorry you heard let's
look I need a stiff drink
I found ok they just whipped up some
pubs yeah hilarious
and you and the last one I have to go to
the bathroom ha ha ha well they
literally give me toilet addresses just
showing where the nearest toilet is okay
so then you guys go google it up I'll
need it a few but basically there is
like 95 if you just look up like cool
Siri tricks these are all ones that I
had no clue existed when you say to Siri
they fucking this is blowing my mind so
I'm gonna finish spanking Ryan and I'm
gonna finish making Ryan and FIFA I'm
literally gonna go one by one over the
rest of this list you guys need to try
to sell hey Siri I just could you guys
up against I guess our dogs against the
camera right now you have three seconds
three two one
you lot sprint sprint say something to
the camera please they miss you
he's growing up alright can you look at
the camera in the end at least look at
the camera any i expense right here
right here
so whose eyes look right here Prince
Jesus Christ he doesn't look at the
camera in there look at me in the eyes
okay
you over and although is the greatest
player this fucking game clicking it
these two men comes in today's like that
cool look at it please can we get
another angle man please I'm cheap well
the shot was all right that is we fourth
win in a row for each we did for
rematches and I'd be right over to go
Sam why four wins in a row that's oh it
is so late right now and so he is just
like you I'm going to watch the full
Twilight movie it's like 3:00 a.m. right
yo so yeah what are you doing
are you actually watching a full movie
you're halfway through it you're
watching it all you're watching the full
time but I'm land of log off there I
hope you guys enjoyed if you did make
sure to smack that thumbs up button
let's hit 26k
the princess diggity trance you have a
bad Celica Prince common elbow going
into the very end of the vlog
congratulations Prince because Prince
now knows how to pee on the pad without
anyone telling them what to do
good job but now you're cuddling up I
know you're cool where you going you're
coming up to me good boo hey Congrats
Prince and I will see you guys doing on
mobile to where we say a little bit more
savage on my main channel and as always
stay savage yeah go
