yeah all right we certainly miss each
other so bro where are you and I'm
waiting for you
good morning hey what's good boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy 2018 guys
it's a new year new me which means we
are getting the fit in the morning
tomorrow new became day today which
means nothing is open by oh hold on like
fitness day or something as you guys can
see even she's getting her grind on so
before we even begin the vlog go down
and smash that like button partially
because I can barely open my eyes let's
at 35,000 likes with your eyelid hit the
like button with your eyelid right now
k32 on bump but yo omaree mids is hidden
here getting jack we haven't started yet
we also got Gabe who's been inside this
guy's a snake they actually convinced me
to get the workout in before we go to
quench to go get our smoothies this
morning so that's what we're gonna do
quickly go workout I'll be back in a bit
when I'm a sweat come on hope you guys
are having an amazing day though let's
get it so guys today because I'm not
doing any cardio I'm doing super sets
you don't know a super sets higher means
I'm going back to back exercises in
order to get that cardio and so right
now I'm on my abs and I move but we're
still feel are slightly smarter like
when you show my this is much I wait too
much for this now just got out of the
steam room oh my god guys I'm sorry I'm
really sweaty I gotta go wash off real
quick be right back ok guys sorry about
that I'm showered up we're about to go
get the smoothie but shout summary and
shut up this guy who drew the collage of
no idea it was like a flying booster
flying was this cereal I don't even know
guys whoever did this you're the fan is
a mod one because he clearly likes dude
dude the app heat but yeah let's go get
a smoothie um I feel pretty good man
pretty good pretty girl yeah
Amazo okay he's not over I love good for
you sir breakfast look bro you guys know
I cannot live without my fresh fruit
smoothie like here you go
Phoebe an H alert somewhere you think
it's supposed to be the best smoothie
another lock all right no this is really
I like tell me if it quenches your face
it's like fruity chocolatey and
delicious it's a way I'm saying this but
mommy can I have one more on aged x5m
yogurt a couple it is go very well yo yo
give give give hold on guys we just
thought of a genius idea like two words
hold up like so so nothing your goodness
I decided what traffic goes huge stress
y'all know this isn't even
behind-the-scenes guys literally I've
been telling you I've been in school for
time and like nobody believes me I've
been seventeen so I'm a senior in high
school but I dress down a bit I really
like my Pokemon so we're on our way to
class literally I just had to pick up a
bag pic I gotta go get like a few
notebooks and stuff cuz I'm just trying
to take a few extracurricular classes
nothing big hopefully I can graduate
this year when I turn 18 actually that's
next year but not guys everyone knows
when you're going back to school like
first day means everything because you
have to impress everyone so it's just
the first day back at school after the
Christmas holidays the boy has gotta
look fresh I'm thinking Pikachu themed I
might be stretching this out this is the
biggest size they got but like
technically I'm a kid so we would shop
in the kids section I can't shop in the
adult size I'm not an adult it's out of
between this or this we'll figure it out
bro my arms stuck I'm actually kind of
nervous about my first day of school
guys because literally like since I went
on vacation and came back like I got
this car recently
and so I'm gonna be one of the seniors
with a car and usually like a lot of
people my high school don't have a car
so I'm gonna pull up with this I hope
they don't treat me any different cuz I
know it's like a luxury car navigation
it so well I'm kind of nervous guys so
we'll see what the kids say Thursday at
school
are you nervous are you excited time
there's like mad skaters outside the
school now these guys always pick on me
row when I'm here it's annoying but yo
you don't believe me just watch all
right guys
I showed up early as usual that's good
like see you in hell
oh my god guys I was a crazy day at
school literally like every day is a
crazy day in school honestly I'm just
leaving the liberal household arts
building great building love the
building the teachers are nice to me
let's go home
tomorrow's another day hopefully it's
better than this one shout out to
businessman give to making the phone
calls editing the pigs this is where all
the magic happens guys game contain
usually it used to be I'm Gabe Cote and
that's just get ye VB go try and name
anything Wolfie from one to infinity and
you can because every numbers been taken
anyways yo the we're eating some
crackers guys these are like the best
crackers you got actually Cheops
crackers know what what what flavor did
you get overall my favorite nut I oh
yeah can you do something interesting so
I can give you that's not gonna get me
use all right guys okay just made a nice
motivational list
you guys should honestly listen to this
because this is gonna help you like be a
better person then so obviously number
one we got to do a 10k run not gonna do
it cuz my cardio is Oh guy dive is nice
but I'm not gonna do it because I'm
afraid of heights
climbing indoor that's cool I might do
that boxing class might take a few of
those paintball Cucamonga peak don't
know what that is 4x4 in the desert I'm
down for that and then last but not
least when you're done everything you
got a reward yourself by smash taking
like hey hey okay guys so basically I
have not heard from race like I got back
here a couple days ago I have yet to see
banks have yet to see rice and IO a
prank to somebody in the house because
you guys want the clubhouse prank so yo
go knock on his door and if he's not
there we might have to pull some
shenanigans yeah yeah like do it yo rice
what
what do you say what do you say
where's race right races in New York Joe
Friday guys this guy's never hope I
haven't seen it yet roll I want to prank
them okay yeah have your privacy girl
how am I gonna get a prank reaction I'm
someone that's not here
grace yo when you come back we got hands
to catch okay buddy because we said we
missed each other so bro where are you
like I'm waiting for you sticky note
part two cases every year fuck's that yo
guys so you remember how I got this fake
Louis Vuitton supreme shirt first of all
um I thought it was real when you came
here you think you know what's this blue
2-ton road tickets this is super me it
says super that's one problem and it has
money signs and were like that's not on
the actual shirt but yo what I'm
thinking about doing guys actually for a
video tomorrow if you want me to do this
go smash that like button but basically
i'ma go buy some Gucci because mad stuff
you can get off like Amazon Prime for
like dirt cheap and like any store so
imma find some fake Gucci I don't know
where I'm gonna get it and then tomorrow
because Omar's never been to Rodale I'm
gonna take him to Rodale to the Gucci
store cuz you guys know that's my
favorite place rug I like it more than
you okay
actually no you're the Gucci got other
than low pump low palm scan it but yo
we're gonna go get some fake Gucci and
I'm gonna rock it and actually some of
them plays and that slur know me so
hopefully they don't call me out for
wearing fake Gucci but it's gonna be
like a social experiment type thing and
then if that works I'm gonna go in the
Louis store with this louis vuitton
supreme collab because i think that'll
be hilarious go smash the like button if
you want me to do that 35,000 lifes make
it happen yeah
oh let's get it oh my god
house wolf he's back in it hello mark
he'll health oh my just starting but you
know you better late than never
we're trying to lose weight on this trip
I mean I'm here forever so just trying
to lose weight so guys I'm buying a car
right now 400 this is gonna be on main
channel it's gonna be crazy but yo for
now just trust me like two words new
cars also another two words shout out
Ryan for FaceTime at me because he
misses me in Jamaica already so we just
got back to the clubhouse guys honestly
eventful day eventful friggin day I
don't know what to say with that car
wait till the main Channel video drops
but just know it obviously did not go
according to plan we did not plan it out
very well anyways I'm back here it's not
dark outside we're gonna figure out what
we want to do tonight I'm aged because
the day always has so much a store for
us
even though it seems late it's only like
five o'clock so we gotta we gotta get
moving yo you're the first person bro
this just happened but yo with that
Instagram pic you took of the day you
deserve it me me no no not you oh dude
you get this every day someone's gonna
get this game gets it today hold it bro
hold the WI can I sign you yeah yeah you
can sign it you can sign it you get the
W of the day W from where yo no one got
the L of the day you don't have that
yeah it's because we don't have an L
literally but wait hypothetically I'm
not you know I'm not including the
question but hypothetically we would
have gotten yellow dude I got the other
day bother you for Bobby the unless hold
on one of you boys never know the date
tip for having two L's in his name
Oh elephant bagels Devon hold the out no
you don't have no actually hold it hold
it up all edited a hey okay sit down
there you go there's the other day and
you can keep the W for one day I see
Jimmy that yo guys I'm finally doing it
you guys have been ripping on
too long for the Hedgehog here so you
know I'm getting it cut off
sleep well my recovers I'm getting the
feed hit shutout shortcut you already
know where I got my hair cut I never
leave the house
hey guys I was looking for a parking
spot cuz like there's no parking in LA
so I looked at this and I was like Kate
it's like 9 p.m. so it says no parking
from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
except Wednesday's only or some but
usually after that time limit you can do
stuff I just got over the car and then
this lady down the road looked at this
and she's like you can't park here I was
like why she's points to the top sign
there's another two signs no parking
from 6 p.m. to 3 a.m. to our parking
from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. at this point it's
like I'll take a canal so I think we
gotta move because we might get towed
let's find another spot look who's
coming to sleep here tonight buddy good
boy good boy pants breads come here come
here come here
so guys I got the haircut I'm looking
fresh and now all that's left to do
because there's gonna be some like house
shopping and stuff to in tomorrow's vlog
I'm gonna end the vlog off today I
literally just watch spider-man fell
asleep halfway through the movie didn't
get to enjoy it because now the theater
is working in the house the light wall
was screwed up but yo shout-out to Gabe
for getting a new light bulb prints how
was the movie 4 out of 10
shout out to spider-man shout out to
Gabe but yo I love you guys so much I'm
gonna end the vlog off there I gotta
stop falling asleep early I think it
might be because I'm like changing the
way I'm eating and also I'm working out
again now so I'm just exhausted at night
if you enjoyed the vlog make sure to go
down and hit the like button get ready
for a main channel video coming out soon
that's gonna blow your mind it's gonna
be ridiculous comment down below Prince
is the king if you made it this far in
the vlog and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolford where we still live war
sours I'm a main channel and as always
thanks you ready to cut up slice all my
dirty laundry ok stay savage Lego
behind-the-scenes of a master Drona guys
it looks like we're getting shots for
you guys shut up Gabe is a monster
