good morning a yo were speared if your
boy will be welcome back to more Wolfie
I'm starting the day off nice
come on GTA my video is doing insanely
well from last night but I got a set out
the two guys where are they on the
screen this token guy and then this jdn
guy because literally like I just
randomly log on GT I heard some guys
talking our video you watch movies Oh
fuckity hydraulic ink you guys
hydraulics on with your override and
glitch to the crowd hey I heard you guys
talking I was like yeah but I'm gonna
put the mic is si si no Wolfie play yo
you know you know we'll see they're like
yeah and then I was like hey reach my
base there's nothing to cover we're just
kicking without my baby BTS is black you
guys in the video is kill they don't
know Randy for your my videos to
specific I don't know if I told you guys
this but we'll see his back left leg is
a little sore these days so like he
doesn't want to walk on it but today is
family day in Canada I don't know for
just a candidate and the problem with
that is doors are closed so we can't
call the vet today but we're going to go
check his leg out tomorrow because it
hasn't been happening fully for a month
like on and off for a month but like now
it's God to the point where like he
looks like he's like in a little bit of
pain and I watched the video and
apparently like you're supposed to
stretch it his toes out in like his leg
but I don't know he doesn't seem like
it's in too much pain when you're
touching it but he just doesn't want to
jump off of it so I'm getting fixed
tomorrow buddy yeah I love you
he left he left did you guys this is all
good though in the head yeah good boy
Prince Prince has no more worms in his
bum anymore yeah shut up to the GTA
legends for letting us space ability
drive it oh saying Ryan just drove for
the first time yesterday anybody hey all
right guys Brian cam and we got a man
Prince here am i will be hit Curtin is
like hurt charlie drop by stars is the
efficiency three five star challenge
look at that right there
oh yeah the true game I look at the blue
crazy skin all the keep an eye now we're
to the sacrum show them the jump going
because it just a boy oh it's slow like
she comes place ready oh shit oh no
Jason
okay-y
here lies 100 guys I think we're
escaping the five stars they're flashing
oh oh oh right there they fucking find
you again one do this on in the water oh
my goodness
we're the trailer please no boat how
about tonight
what happened ah okay this is legit man
q has a family day nothing's open for a
prank calling people to see if they're
oh I am I wonder together all in a row
against me oh yes you go all do musician
this is all the fun words over the wall
not to salute legs open he was well
liked food places are open like any food
place alright now when you do probably
fast a little heel for you inside
anyways like I was saying before the
phone fucking your answer the phone
we're colleague with the students
they're open if they're open now we're
going to snap and be super happy to the
fair closes Hitler cheese when you
calling Wendy Wendy I'm sweet but
there's a selkies Wendy she's ready
pecan
alright Wendy's Kurds your calls
McDonald's is next on the list what is
the boiler that's right now before you
have to meet Google hey honest 20s got
open today no way it's okay so I can get
a big back today back the Lord and that
I thought so many places and I started
getting tuna chicken soup and a large
milk age I thought how much is it
McDonald's outfit yeah
ever close to McDonald's for literally
never closing that's why you're on
ourselves without your winnings there's
never a day oftenly gonna best insane
another thing we're not getting
MacDonald no I'm waiting for the fucking
dog on the things you find at the elbows
whose man is it you're evil so rat the
boy toast and they're not answering
their door Ryan life is closed here you
know video is oh are you doing another
one what time will you be back you know
now just click down here never mind we
made it in here yes here fun a lie I'm
sick 5 a nigga diesel a groom who's an
animai
we gonna do roll the dice ok how many
again you have to jump and claps I made
out of Iran like in a row like while I'm
in the air ok let me move this let me
move this - higher higher ceiling giggle
if it sticks I move what is it
full 5 you look poor fuck here we go no
reason oh oh my god what those words it
flies outside but I could do more you
know Yama God I'm a god
whether this blog angle do ready to go
guys I have my coffee this morning yes I
am in the morning but I have another
coffee today my head starting to feel a
little woozy so I need to go pick up a
coffee but it's kind of warm outside so
I think I'm gonna get a nice cap sadly
they don't have roll off the rim on
those hey can I get a large ice cap
please with a shot with a shot of
espresso in it I'm good yeah okay so
right now my parents house me and Ryan
we're gonna go fix his camera wrong what
you're going to fix his camera but we're
going to go to like the home hardware
store and find this group but it's
closed Walmart's closed so we can't do
anything crazy there
we can't go well we can go downtown but
I buy everything I need to buy from that
mall and the actual store that I like
really fuck with where I got a bunch of
my new clothes like this sweater yeah I
do you out great you know why you should
give clothes to some old people
previewed wattles log you might give me
a title not shit to that area is funded
anyways so I can't go anywhere to buy
clothes today
sad Sylvia's taking her picture for like
some sports good thing she's out doing
that so basically I bought her I gotta
have basketball words yeah I'm putting
in work although he's on the couch by
real quickly I got a basketball come
find a soccer ball I think me and Ryan
are going to go to the park because it's
a really nice day outside and kick
around enough kick around those will be
1v1 confusing I'll get destroyed I'm not
a ballplayer guys but let's get it
princess first walk he's freezing
oh honey give me a moves going to cool
good boy
no printer printer okay we're gonna take
them on the Main Street take Vanessa vet
said you need to start coming out come
here
surpass him he doesn't need a harness he
doesn't even move he literally doesn't
move why don't you to me he doesn't need
it
hey watch out with me you silly thing
that was a hobbit now we eat we're
leaving in our darkness you don't even
have one I'm taking them out without a
Honda script
Yolo prints we're putting you on the
main roads no cars no cars get you on a
dry patch good boy good boy good boy
Prince yeah come on your walk away walk
away
Green hey he's walking on the wet good
boy good boy
keep coming keep coming Prince hey good
boy screen good boy you don't need it
you good
five seconds later and Prince is walking
like a pro good boy Prince that's girl
stop good boy
let's go good boy today is a very nice
day we're going to shoot some basketball
trick shots right now because fuck why
not I haven't been outside the past
couple days I've been dragging my ass
off so today is my day of just killing
and shooting balls on snowy basketball
courts
you just know that's all snow so it's
trick shots saying just taking a shot on
the court is a trick shot bed
technically it's a trick shot yo this is
bliss this park you hold up I'm going on
this is about to be loud yeah you know
these ones you'll meet me on the
corridor again oh thank God we didn't
bring my dog shit oh we're just so high
on snow you're like this is Ryan a few
is six not like six eight six nine this
is with more passes also close though
this is snake okay done cause can you
dunk it you can't dunk on this Miller
what you think when you like you can't
jump
so put pressure stomp it down where you
already have so much advantage excuse me
can you help defense
okay run up to it I'm stuck in row it's
sinking okay no this way I gotta say go
come on okay go section is him go go go
ah is the replay alert no talking in
trickshot oh and he calls himself the
best ball player on YouTube look you're
here yo stop it let's give you the
fucking Marlin video here for you yes yo
get me on the LS dunk I can dunk regular
I don't need this is cheesy oh this
website Ian shit see he'll give you
exact analogy from the ball slip I told
you oh there's no deadly it's no is that
me okay we're done regular backpack this
is all just trick shots hey you do that
normally get out of here your boy is the
kid again right now I'm on the swing
racing rise to the top look at this form
yeah I feel like what's the cold plus my
weight this shit's gonna break yo I got
you on a nice camera work today
line up with actually slide ok don't
slide ready bro yo eat hey you ever know
those kids that do backflips off swings
they like you check it out bro I've
never one of those kids for when you
jump off swings out on your feet hurt
yes go do this no mental talking - yes -
say he's not subscribed not the sky -
what happens when you guys are not
subscribed to my channel fatality
everybody yeah right Oh big hole we're
done other part alright guys so we just
left the park we're about to go to
Booster Juice to go get a nice movie but
then I was looking for my email because
you know the business will see myself so
I got to be checking my emails a lot so
basically I looked at my emails when I
got some random one from like a fans mom
that's what it says so I read a bit of
the star but I haven't fully read it
because I wanted to save it to read it
on camera so basically here's a
says the title is like called the rubber
resistant red band
I don't really know they're talking well
maybe it's like the one I did in David
video here's a clip of basically what me
and David did this exercise room is
already out of maximum cure your
backpack again today it's not too bad as
you can see but this person emailed me
miss moms and he's like dear wolf
blaster shit you not accept wolf blood
my son and I happened upon an ass okay
by the way before I keep reading the
grammar in this email is like it's not
that great so it's really hard to follow
I'm going to try my best
my son and I happened upon a nasty video
of this red rubber resistant band thing
and I see this going around your face
Dada Wow let's talk about a bad
situation called choke capital joke did
you realize that this arrogance and your
videos should from here on out should be
really taken down now why would you try
this what my family would call the
California shit list and it the wrong
idea for any Pro meant family to view or
feat is really underrated
so what is not happening and have you
seen the doctors lately and do you feel
safe or abuse try again just making cake
and not spending a dagnabbit thing
expensive please listen such a stud is
awesome email says here's what it looks
like this is like all the text that it
says love you dearly and then her name a
concerned person under under her name
which is pretty much telling me to like
chill on some of the dangers that I do
even though I even do that on my channel
I was on David's Channel and that to be
honest should be the least of your
worries
I clearly got a pretty good influence
not not the worst influence but I've
definitely done more dangerous and
harmful things with like knives and
stuff so the red rubber bands you got to
chill out on but please make sure if
you're the mom I just make sure your son
your daughter still watches your boy
Wolfie I'll try and tone it down
maybe I'll get like knives around my
neck next I don't know we'll figure it
out those low key for everywhere channel
your Ryan I can't hear you - I must be
done it's a really nice day outside
today and I was like you know I'm going
to go to the self carwash it's only $4
to wash your car and ID
thing would be busy but there is
literally cars lined up for days because
it's a nice day to get their car wash so
I guess I played myself I'm gonna have
to go to hand free car wash six seven
eight Superman I wanted you picture and
I thought I cannot baby down and miss me
issues but you know I miss you I just
want to kiss you let it song ever first
time I'm taking my babies to my old car
wash that I always used to go with my
mom star four dollars to watch this our
save your money fully fit we're going
ham literally basically the more money
you put in the longer you get we got a
bit of time five minutes and 21 seconds
we're going to start with a rinse
see the baby is nice and clean this is
all Ryan I got you a present grow little
pair of headphones bro not even use
where to god those are my car they swear
to God knows I don't know here guys we
just went to Dairy Queen real quick and
then we met a fan D from a spot we're in
fucking H Block right now we're sure to
see for supporting the videos I bought
this man a meal he offered to buy us a
meal and I was just like no no no was it
good even joke about it ended up I
fucking bought him a meal this is you
guys a nice wolf am your loyal wolf Sam
get free food mom you have the money 50
grand
I can't be any hater unless you pay here
talking it no no pass me again so I can
film it thank you yeah let's succeed EF
60 grand for screaming yes raise it
that's just a high-five he told all the
money ok I'm leo this house is fucking
broke with house next time bring money
if you want to film with me
ok I'm filming now with my parents like
a QA I asked a question and they're
answering them apparently kids like send
them question so this is going to be
like their first YouTube channel I know
I said I wasn't going to shout them out
but here's another plug for their
channel last plug ever subscribe to them
link in the description I already gave
you guys too much power there's too much
responsibility behind the power you have
now you can't be passing me so subscribe
to them right here comment done comment
your Instagram coming your Twitter and I
will follow a bunch of guys that do it
basically I'm going to ask them it's
going to be a lick you and a like kind
of like goofy like my channel they said
mush it's way better information
started from the bottom what the heck
what the heck why is this and what is
this I don't have you shot on this
camera before yes we did you video
version right video number 3 very good
- keep it you're moving with toes and
everything you're wrecking our set
alright I go in the middle ears go in
the middle - giraffe because I get two
views and you gonna do I'll go in the
middle
why are these your camera you're here
you want to use it not I do but you'll
see you'll see that you know you are who
watch you science Mago
I'll be following him right that's a
wrap yeah you are the gift went on
Twitter you need to chill on your gifts
throw they were invented years guys like
what are these have you posted minion
Fox talking well yeah the channel no the
challenge the QA went very well we're
done now I'm gonna leave my dog here for
it life alright guys so I've been home
for a little while I was at my mom's I
was chill with the dogs and all the
girls are watching The Bachelor but I'm
home now
I just put prints in this cage because
cat peed on the ground where you display
Stanford school guilty I have an
extremely long day ahead of me tomorrow
so hold on let me just get this lighting
up of the oh my god and like I was
saying I have an extremely busy day
tomorrow I feel like I'm filming a main
Channel video right now so I got to
catch up on my sleep guys you're going
to be super proud of me look at what
time it is your boy is actually going to
bed at a reasonable time it's 10:40 I
say I am in bed by like 11:00 and then
I'm asleep by like probably 3:00 in the
morning I'm joking I'll be asleep by
like 11:30 12:00 which is a friggin
record for me so I'm gonna end the vlog
off there if you enjoy go down and smash
that like button you already know what
it is let's hit 26,000 you guys killed
the likes on the friggin vlog yesterday
so kill it on this one as well
especially when if you haven't already
also I want you guys to comment down
below
classic wolf Sam okay comment down below
wolf em if you are part of the wolf em
and everyone watching today or should be
part of the wolf Sam how many comments
can we get and I will see you guys soon
on more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more established my main channel and
as always they Savage
