good morning eh Oh Wolfie welcome back
to more Wolfie honestly guys I actually
managed to wake up at a reasonable time
today I woke up at like 8:00 my mom woke
me up and I had a nice sleep with your
boy Prince right here but I just
finished filming the video everything
was successful as hell
it's a banger Dustin's no longer blind
how does it feel amazing amazing
don't ever be blind for 24 hours guys
it's not fun I can't take my coffee and
I got a roll of the rim right now I
think I am two losses
Four Winds right now Prince lately come
roll out the room with me so we're gonna
see if today is a win or an L give me a
double you give me a double you um
cheez-its please play again so you know
where this goes guys you know the drill
damn yo this is what we call the new dog
style guys who kind of fresh now notices
agua carry on a puppy where you go at
all time so you get the girl but it's
still kind of fresh living animal style
cheek so I absolutely played myself I
got a quesadilla changed it up from
getting a burrito or like a salad bowl
or something out why not I always get
this so basically I put like lettuce on
it and everything that's going to make
it soggy so basically I got a burrito
except in quesadilla forms yeah so we're
going to see how it turns out probably
be mad soggy but forget me person to be
honest it's actually keeping it's warm
more than the Olympic divers except for
these divers
and I also got my chocolate milk cause I
feel like being a kid today yo Ryan
super right you should talk to the
little for the vlog okay uh you guys
hold this out did the hell out of here
and so thank you for the l whoever sent
in my fan mail yesterday I appreciate it
been waiting all day to give it to
someone and I think Ryan's ways gets the
heaviest alibis honestly like my mom my
dad like everyone that supported me I'm
here brah hello doesn't stand joy
doesn't central it more like more like
no it doesn't more defense Aurelio it
says a lot you lose your that get out so
I can handle someone else here how many
people can I hand this out to throughout
the day right Fresno Pio right why are
you doing so cheese are taking up okay
bro take the I just take the I take the
I hope this pig yeah man we can I put it
back together you gotta know your boy
cannot catch a break man I gotta head
home right now lil just taking with the
boys with Soviet I go you got to come
pick this thumbnail for me and I'm like
okay of course Soviet you know I got you
so rushing home to go take a thumbnail
for bait and then she's gonna help me
film ah probably the most congedo of my
lifetime I thought of an idea guys I
don't even know what to say I can't
really explain it but be excited like I
always say be very very excited you
never know what you're going to get on
fucking legit also put it this way I'm
going to be looking into some private
information and the private information
is not my private information and this
blocks is a centimeter away from smoking
my pair okay guys
you are not going to believe what I came
home to honestly never thought the day
would come to where my parents actually
revenge frankly but they legit got me
I'm not gonna lie I wasn't expecting at
all I was in a rush home I told you I
was rushing home to see Sylvia to
friggin help her with her thumbnail it
grows even need a thumbnail first we've
ever lose me in a lie it was all indoors
became I'm friggin precious anyways
rushed home first of all let me tell you
something my parents made a YouTube
channel I already know it's stable at
that like I don't think there's any
so here making YouTube channels as well
so first of all this is going to be the
first and this is going to be only shown
oh you guys are ever getting for me
because you fucking prank me what the
hell I mean son but I will give you love
shout out to my parents I have no idea
what they plan on doing on this channel
but they have a YouTube channel now so
honestly I want to challenge my friggin
active as well Sam that always have my
back that always do what needs to be
done when it needs to be done I need all
of you guys to go to their Channel and
subscribe let's see how many subscribers
we can get those in one day before they
even post their first video go to their
Channel I don't know if they have a URL
but I will leave their channel link at
the very top of the description okay the
very very top their channel name is the
rent like the parents or that the cool
pair access lorentz like p AG r e + TS
the red corner channel right now pause
this video actually like my video first
and then pause this video subscribe to
their channel immediately and then come
back to this video and comment done in
my comments and i will be replying to as
many of you guys that comment done down
below not only just that but I will also
be following you guys on Instagram and
Twitter so all you got to do is leave
your Instagram and your Twitter at the
end of your comment so click done and
then put your Instagram and your Twitter
and I'll follow a bunch of you guys so
do that right now
your friends friggin filming me we're
about to film an actual video now we're
gonna be productive but yeah yes to give
you a sneak peek of the thing I can't
show you everything because it's their
prank and they left the house now they
said they're coming time to clean this
up but basically this is like a glimpse
of what happened my reactions priceless
but the video is going to be up on their
channel so go families you know them
like I said guys it's max frickin blood
parents they created Wolfie they made me
the savage I am today so go be a savage
right now and go subscribe and maybe we
can get like honestly if we just get
like 50,000 subscribers that would be
ridiculous then I could be like yo my
parents have more subscribers than you
fam what do you think or if we get a
hundred thousand I don't even know I'll
do some crazy shit so go subscribe I
can't say it enough now
me and so we are actually going to film
this video
mom dad clean the shit out please sure
I'm gonna spare so your worker
Loki's give myself more Carl mom the
girl said she would be here to clean up
your brain haven't showed up yet so
maybe that's the second part of prank
okay Ron I think oh my dad's calling me
and it failed call that Siri taste it
fuck you hey Siri call that holy dad
anything is silent and hurting me what
you may not love me like what's going on
we're all over this how come you don't
want me miss sorry guys yo are you guys
gonna clean this mess away what are you
doing
when where are you where's that oh
thanks too long
what okay what what what are you doing
are you gonna clean up yes
okay what are you doing I don't know who
knows I don't know
yeah clean it up hey Harley Kim okay
guys so it is late at night but I'm
kicking it with your boy where's your
baby
you guys know Ryan sways comment down
below if you know Ryan's wait actually
comment down below
do you know Ryan sweet but I wanted to
show you guys something we are watching
some basketball right now I don't give a
shit about laughter whoa whoa whoa but
look at his look at what I just looked
at cause button - yeah basically I want
to Instagram live I was rich okay the
first five people that take a picture of
Ryan sway his face and tag me get a
follower no get a DM so i DM a bunch of
people hold on little focus as you guys
can see
people up there i DM them waiting on
their replies back but look this is a
route 102 of them replied it not all
five I guess they're Karimi but look how
crazy this is guys I said tag me right
I've officially ruined my photos of me
section guys for as long as I can scroll
on my Instagram I'm going to see this
biggest face forever
what the fuck wolfram is too crazy you
guys are insane my fingers getting a
workout what is going on hey it was good
so guys I actually picked up these new
Dorito flavors you guys know a few weeks
ago maybe it was like only one week ago
my memory garbage I picked up the
Doritos ketchup chips to taste test
those because I told you Doritos they
they're not known for ketchup maybe in
the States they've had them for a long
time but in Canada Doritos is like we
got Cool Ranch the nacho cheese sweet
chili he like those are like the big
flavors ketchup is not a Doritos flavor
but turns out they were so good that
Silvia actually picked up more but they
just drop these which are limited time
only and as you can see these are
cuacamole Doritos who is blue chips are
these now I want to take time for the
joke but it wasn't my joke Josie I said
it when I bought the chips she's like I
wonder if it's extra because there's
block on the chips and actually hello
she died so it's pretty funny I don't
know how much extra would be but I'm
gonna taste these I'm gonna make Ryan
tasty you guys walk when you go on three
blocks right guys broke up guys that
aren't as broken dry please we know we
don't get bucked I don't get more I
narrated it but here we go and it looks
walkie it's green @af so yo life is
weird
why don't you like really know what blog
page because I never get it yeah
hammerhand forever and Carol it mmm you
look at the real
Disney Glock Yahoo whoa fuck economy
this is my mom I'm throwing my floral
get off
here we oh my god yo yo yo yo yo
anyways out of ten I'll give these a
sick where were you some point three you
can't give them any higher than that
because until the heat up there yeah
well your original the original players
like other flavors and grew up look yeah
are we not that no there could be good
guys I'm about to do the most risky
thing you know I just let Sylvia drive
my car this car is worth a lot of money
okay but I've been making fun of Ryan
for too long this man just got his g1 so
still has two more things to get before
it's fully licensed and I'm gonna let
him drive because this is where I
learned how to drive in this little
parking lot right here this car has a
lot of fuckin powerful jaws okay
controlling which one okay this is DIY
teaching right how to drive okay
basically right here no no no that's
nothing literally your left foot chillin
it's gonna be chilling it all in an
automatic this is yeah that's capping
there and I don't but you're in park
right now so basically this is Park when
you're not driving you always want to
have your foot on the brake so put your
foot on the brake which is which one
that's right there's one yeah like fully
on it
yeah because once your foots on the
brake and you can change your leave it
on the brake so watch this this is going
to turn to this says D and s right here
D means Drive is it on the brake your
foot on the brake put it push it down
hard it won't be over Oh Joe Joe Joe
carder oh my car was going on okay but
so just push the foot on the brake yeah
I'm turning it not says D which means
Drive if you want you know I'm not going
to let you hurt so don't worry about
reverse normal cars like automatic cars
if you were to like let go of the brake
the car would you start rolling well my
car's not normal
literally you just got to give this
gotta give the car like a little bit of
gas to just get it rolling so so release
the brake release the brake you're not
going to move on a regular don't don't
don't push that down so push it down and
put your hands on the pedal and on the
steering wheel and then give it a little
bit of gas and you can give it more a
little more push it down a bit or a
little more Josie was going to get
restless
it's
a little bit weight relief Road the
parking brake is on bro hold the brake
motor great able to break just because
no I'm not like in the fucking position
now let go of the brake let go of the
brake now just tap the gas like light
okay now you don't even up that you can
let go of the gas and you're going to
still move bless up guru false
now slowly press the brake down okay
that was a great little law school where
you can get like the soft you put it
down the soft you break okay literally
it's just stop and go so just see if you
can steer now so now you're moving but
don't press the gas too hard and now
just turn turn turn let me know it's
here Elmo ha like this yeah well you're
gonna learn quick like you get a
question yeah yeah I got it okay now you
turn watch some music music then I'll
give it a little more gas like but not
much guys you can put it down more the
more gas you put the faster the car is
going to move but you can always go down
you can always break so move up here
with the gas put it down a bit more and
now turn with the gas yeah what's a gas
now you can all this so harder you press
down the faster the car gonna move here
easy you let go or something then you
get us back to slow - yo yo yo this is
literally first time driving do another
circle now what if I had to say you had
to slow down a bit
hold on a bit don't don't like ever slam
on the brake because it's gonna pay
you're easy
slow down bless up a giant okay I got
for my feet one on ya here people he's
not on sickly person alright stop the
car will the brake is these days
now basically you're in like pussy mode
not a pussy move like efficient motor
here yeah I'll let you drive a little
more I'll come back in a second Ryan's
first parking job he got bare space we
all learn the car
you still get bro man you fucked us hey
we like you to concentrate
paddy energy what is it say it say yeah
we're in Reverse not to reverse you hold
on stop the car
keep your foot on the brake don't run me
over I'm going to clean the reverse
cancer you can see out the back man
drive instructor wolfy here how much
clearer is it it's clear ding
so now you can the opposite way so you
want to go strongly ok great wait
good behind us oh yeah you can even go
til this till this one is like close to
that like you still got space like it
tells you literally exactly how close
your cars once it starts getting ready
doing neutral you're in neutral
but what's Drive oh you gotta put your
foot on the brake but remember look at
and look at what you're in how do you
get to drive nope that's one now you're
hit again do the same thing to the right
boom there your address which is usual
neutral is like not forward not
backwards like when you do the juice
that you're kicking it there's like
there's not really any reason to go in
neutral but anyways guys successful Jaya
aunty aunty you actually do know how
close you can get to this Pacific
anyways we're going to go get food too
and hopefully I don't die in the next 10
minutes
Instagram life laughter live that's how
the competition I don't need aunty
please wait whose team are you in bar go
yeah they ready ha ha ha okay what
everybody
you're talking vlog right now they would
have it is the number dropping hiring
either these ways like that you know
what everybody Ravel becomes right and
the other guys its first time blogging
or going on this camera and I go on all
the time as I could jail and have the
Medina contest one of these whoever I'll
go whoever follows me in the next twenty
minutes a bottle that follow back for me
animals ego so I have some crazy news
for you guys my video that I uploaded
with Sylvia basically was like me
reading her DMS is doing crazy more
crazy than any videos ever done I think
like ever on my whole channel it's not
like 920 caves used before I'm even
sleeping so it's only been like four or
five hours this is insane I don't you
know what to say on that no I'm going to
go to bed and celebrate I have not gone
to bed early in a while it's still like
relatively early but if you enjoyed
today's long I want you guys to go down
smash that like button let's hit 26,000
like you guys destroyed the like button
on my friggin news main channel videos
so kill the like button on this one as
well
comment down below its lit because the
video is on fire right now it's
absolutely lit and I will see you guys
soon are more will see where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
