good morning at your Woodsen's will
welcome back to more Wolfie currently
I'm driving to go to service Ontario you
guys no no that is basically it's a spot
where you have to wait a billion years
to get anything done you want to do
anything to your license you got to go
there I have to go pick up a form
because I'm selling the Mazda and I
played myself because if you don't go
like it am usually there's a long wait
time so basically it's 10:00 a.m. right
now we're going to see how long the line
is but I have to get it regardless
because I'm meeting up with someone to
fucking talk about selling my car today
so that's the first thing luckily that's
right beside the barber your boy is
going to get a new fade maybe get a
little bit off the top because I've been
liking this look so far but I've just
been banging futures up fucked up all
morning two weeks ago is all me go stock
future shit let me out here let's see
how long the wait time this guy's is
absolutely dead in this place there was
no way time I came right in got it we're
good to go we got pictures let's get it
guys I think this is like the shortest
wait time I've ever had in my whole life
going to this place every time there's
like minimum minimum a 45-minute wait
sometimes I will literally even go get
my hair cut across the street while I'm
waiting for my number to get called but
today I walked in the girls like they're
over here like instantly I didn't wait a
second got this and now we are good so I
can go get my haircut right now and
honestly it's still early as fuck so
barber just open so I don't think
there's going to be any wait I'm in
there either this day could be very
productive
alright guys I got my haircut and this
is what we are working with fold out and
let the light focus bang I kept the top
again I think I'm going to keep keeping
the top until it grows as high as Jack
in the Beanstalk look at that
wrapping I'm not even fucking China wrap
but no it's nice got a line up the line
up on the sides the backs nice the fade
is nice and then the top is like just
long enough so I think this is going to
be good and I've decided I'm going to go
to Ogdensburg today if you guys don't
know what that is we live on the border
of a place in New York ok it's called
augments burg it's kind of dead but us
Canadians when we want video supplies
and we want cool video supplies it's
very hard to find them and it's very
hard to order them to Canada for some
reason they just don't ship to Canada
for everything shipped in like a day
when you live in the States so it's a
place it's like a life hack called
Ogdensburg basically it's right on the
border and it's like a 45 to an hour
drive I just ordered a shit load of
stuff there so I got to go pick it up
and bring it back these are the things
we have to do if we want dope shit
coming to Canada this is how we clear
snow in Canada guys this machine is
literally plowing everything this one is
clearing everything on the sides and
it's spitting everything into this
massive truck and basically taking up
the whole road quick breaks before we go
to Ogdensburg long washroom I don't
think I be in today now I don't think
it'd be in today but I might go grab
food while we go to Ogdensburg because
I'm not super hungry right now but I
know there's like just dull burrito
place like right across the border I'm
gonna have to stop and give it a nice
eat so guys if you don't know what I'm
doing today basically Dustin is going to
try and do some next challenge they
bought sleep maps he's going to go 24
hours blind all that's going to be on
his channel but basically I'm going to
be with them at the start of the day
we're going to have to cross the border
and probably have to take your shit off
for that I don't want to look like I'm
like smuggling anything or
right not you're not going to change
already I'm going to drive up with the
ex-fix they're going to be like young
wolf what does that mean are you going
to staple all this stuff though we're
doing that and see in 24 hours
oh I literally see ya in 24 hours fines
office every fun guys please mask alert
so guys we are literally like a
kilometer away from the border Dustin's
got a blindfold on it's been a minute so
tough for him but we've been having a
good conversation it's not they can't
talk to Alan just to can't see job so
honestly I just want to check my texts
I've been already tells us and who's
calling and who's texting us I think
that's the border that's the bridge
coming up I'm putting my camera away a
few inches late hey guys so we just
arrived we got through border control
this is probably the hardest I've ever
been interrogated waiting I'm gonna I'm
gonna I'm gonna walk you here for
another car no no wait no no no hold on
hold on hold on man fucking blind now
you can open it not a car though yeah
but it's far away I'll close the door
just musso's fuck it okay I'll get your
phone anyways guys we're here I gotta
walk Dustin in now pick up the packages
but like I was saying the guy friggin
interrogated me is like where are you
eating what do you do for your job
where'd you go to school all this look
to my car look to my trunk that's never
happened I just guess it's too much of a
drug-dealing goon car with the windows
tinted alright guys we just arrived at
the dirty gringo it is time to eat you
guys what have I done I think this is
too much food for me like what's the one
thing I like about this place is that
they literally have a chalkboard to
write that you were here so I'm about to
write in big letters with my shitty
writing Wolfe was was it took you to the
set oh my god Wolfie was here okay guys
so we are officially back in Canada I
just crossed the border the guy didn't
even make me pay for the projector
screens that I picked up which is black
he was legit a fan this is the same guy
that I went to last time I went to
Ogdensburg okay it's me quiet serious
anyways literally he said he's gonna
check out my channel and everything so
we're fucking good okay so I was so
important news basically I am probably
going to sell my car I think it's
actually going to go down a lot of you
guys may not be impressed with me by
this decision but you know what it is I
got it do it okay I mean I've had this
car for way too long already it's been
like a few months and I think that's
just too much time
you guys actually think I'm playing this
talking about this car come on the
master I'm selling to Mazda I think I'm
actually sorry advisor but got drank
welcome coming stone the car okay guys
so we made a quick pit stop at the boys
house
you know we out here Dustin is just
watching TV great show a champion and go
to bathroom easily with what animal is
on the screen right now if you get I'll
give you my youtube channel no no no no
no no no sound we know okay you have
three seconds again your lines before
you have three seconds lions is that
your final head sister Berthe okay cool
which one off second it's a flamingo all
right oh you're actually might close it
was an office you ready yeah officer so
guys I wanted to update you check this
out you know I've been losing roll up
the rim to win you check it out what do
you see right here you don't see it you
don't see it you don't see it whoa okay
you can't see it but that's when in
French guys potato wedges they're not
even like the worst thing that you can
win but actually something happened even
I'm available but ain't no coffee fan
ain't no coffee giving it one of the
last trips to the peel box you could
probably lunch yourself in the back not
sure I'm gonna ask about it yeah a lot
of love in the back you with other
parodies lots of stuff in the back of
all these has lots of stuff in the back
I'm collecting David stuff David carry
everything because for those it yeah I
know any clothes it I don't exactly I
say it cool we got it so guys I'm
quickly going to unbox the packages I
picked up from the peel bar complicated
situation was appeal box basically I was
going to close it but I don't know where
we'll put up the new one yet and I don't
know when I'm moving to Toronto so
basically I renewed it for another six
months and I don't know how long I'm
going to keep it open for but I probably
just those six months until I figure out
my living situation so please don't keep
sending me stuff because I don't know
how much I'm going to go check it until
I find a new one I might even open up a
new one in Ottawa is just it's still out
of the way anyway
curtain one it says no nice will be on
the side good thing I got a fork so
we're going to open this one
all this historic King won't be on the
front don't wolf designs on the side but
does it fit my big head though actually
low-key kind of it just cost me an elbow
here's an elf for anyone who needs it a
so I found out who this one is from it
just took me so long to read because
there's a bunch of tech but shout out to
page four
as I see you thank you for the chocolate
thank you for the wolves you're the best
also I want to shout out to Caesar thank
you for sending me these diet won't be
supplement journey know today's I'm
going to take these because you already
know I got to stay healthy so basically
guys it's come to the conclusion that
Prince does not look at you in the eyes
Dustin mention it and I was like you
know what is it some actual thing it is
an actual thing this dog is not like
wolfy like watch I'm going to go up to
wolfy after he's looking at me whoopee
and watch this when you come close to
wolfy face look what he had whoopee he
licks this shit out of anyone's face
you're just making your penis okay this
he's a lovely dog Prince Prince no
kisses so basically I gotta interrogate
this guy I got asking a few questions
Oh - my friends I'm going to ask you it
I'm gonna ask you one time if you look
the way he's lying Prince did you shoot
tonight please you Superman I've dieted
a thought thought live to be free listen
I need you to look at me in the eye
if you're telling the truth you keep
smoking the closet can you look it in
the eye thank you for the blogger for
the planet never know I'm a big water
okay with you is a Scooby Snack
but look you're asleep
can you give me please she's kind of in
a real love dog did you eat the back
ah okay I'll keep looking Oh friends is
like thank God that so they're all yeah
your destiny lads
tell your brother did you like it yeah
he doesn't even kiss him barely opening
up Sylvia's roll up the rim to win I won
today so let's see if my girlfriend's
just as lucky if I win today I never end
I have like probably like a 30% win oh
no it's not okay you want a donut no no
I got potato wedges and a donut let's
keep the tally going let's just say we
lost like four and we've won two so
locks is our up here four losses as you
can see check this out and wings are up
here so two and four is actually not a
terrible record it's like a little below
average but it's not too bad
so let's continue the game so guys look
who showed up in the in Iowa oh shit
boys yo yo
we're just at McDonald's you know give
you guys any mistre fucking seats on the
wall can't get me gone wanna draw what
anyways I had to come say hi to the boys
basically I'm staying at my mom's
tonight because no no no no no what
they got my motel today because in the
morning early morning me and Dustin are
filming like right away well even this
looks like do I want to wait here and
walk over
no I need strong I'm going to end the
blood off there I'm exhausted I'm
literally going to go home and pass out
I'm sleeping with Prince tonight so it's
gonna be black if you guys enjoyed the
vlog make sure to go down smash that
thumbs up button Ryan do you watch my
blog hell yeah how many mouths word guys
let's see if we can hit 27,000 like
you've been killing the light game if
you mean to this end of the video
comment I love McDonald's so i guys
until next time wish let's get 26,000
likes like Ryan said comment McDonald's
I'm pretty sure you guys know that I
made a DIY goo Mike and I was blessed
and I will see you guys soon on mobile
to where we stay a little bit more
savage lemme channel hand has always
faced average leg
