good morning AO what good is your boy
will be welcome back to more wealthy
actually managed to wake up pretty early
I woke up at like 8 o'clock today got
all of my editing done and now it is
already halfway through the day but it's
time to film I'm gonna go pick up Dustin
I'm gonna go drop wolfy off at my mom's
while I film he's gonna be kicking it in
the background hopefully doesn't bark
too loud and your boy needs to eat ok
I'm starving I don't know when I get in
my editing mode I just don't eat until
I'm done editing so now I'm done let me
call in Dustin see if he's ready to film
this bang you're are you ready to film
this bang buddy yeah I'm on my way he's
ready that way you get right with buckle
this Mustang okay I need I think I need
another person so I'm gonna call Bongo
let's see if you down Karla Bongo
because if I'm planning to do something
as big it's not bigger than before I'm
gonna need a yo are you down for filming
banger yeah where are you are you gonna
get picked up right now okay right like
I was saying I'm gonna need more than
like two pairs of hands three pairs of
hands going to be knit so one time shout
out to my girl Rebecca glad to see you
doing good today I love you I love you
the only reason I actually came here was
to have some of the DIY Snickers flip
well this'll set on the Twitter's new
light and it was know what that guys oh
shit here shit some order here we go
here I got caramel Bongo keeps making
each other baby these bi live giant ones
here I'm let me go myself
DIY giant Bongo bar anyways now my film
selling with Shawn before I pick up the
DIY gummies July matter self boosting
and I think up here okay okay
all along so guys for the vlog I will
tell you what we just did me and Dustin
just took shots of pure orange extract
and pure lemon extract and it feels like
there is something coated on my throat
right now I'm not feeling too good up
and dying as you can loot it and drink
it like alcohol I can get drunk
really it's 84 percent alcohol I didn't
know that extract is 84 percent alcohol
but it tastes like a shot when I put it
down and now every time I breathe it
tastes like orange every time you
breathe it tastes like lemon so really
well so we're going to go find some food
to like mask this painful shit about
replica concrete oh let me burst in the
face mom my mom's cleaning off me here
know what green would mean what there's
no grams like here's the wet pad and all
over my counters where's the mint tea
we're ready to party before I'm gonna
watch it and then wonderful this what's
this is really this is what what all
this shit mom draw you need to chill out
chill oh okay guys anyways I'm going to
clean this mess and go get food and then
I'm going to go talk to Tilly I don't
even know where Sylvia's interview with
Prince Prince how's it going good
what you're not having a good day today
what are you saying bro why are you
trying to climb me why are you trying to
huddle in my arms right now since it's
like leave you alone so guys we've
pretty much decided that Prince is a
full-blown chihuahua he makes a
chihuahua noises he shakes a lot like a
chihuahua I think the girl ripped us off
luckily he's a cute guy he's a little
cute dog even though he always looks
like he's wet because he has like white
and black hair but he's definitely a
photo Chihuahua okay I don't know who
this was telling us was this man is a
more key this man is no more key you
know I'm working good boy yeah good boy
Wolfie are we gonna get you on camera
keeping the cage when are we gonna get
that hey come on you can do anything
hey we'll be going track your brother
right now me and Sylvia are forced to
move our cars because we don't move them
we've been threatened and we're going to
get our cars destroyed
okay a toad aka take it away from us so
if we don't move our car in 24 hours
they're taking my car away so
obviously your boy is going to move his
car because it's as simple as that so
now I got to find a place to put my whip
for the next couple days
I'm cheese it's so late I don't feel
like to put this arena alright guys so I
told Sylvia if she drove the magic here
and helped me out you could drive my car
for the first time home so yeah or in
the drive this is dragon if you get a
foot on the brake
just put your foot on the brake so
emergency brake is on I took it off this
is Drive it says Drive alright ok and
click it again if you want to go in like
manual shifting obviously there isn't
one and then it says 1 B 1 D means like
it's automatic that means standard so
that's what you want
neutral we're we're here another try and
then this is perverse Oh No - burial the
rational function any other backup him
so that's Drive but like take it slow
because alright it's good a little more
powerful in here yeah those are bunkers
and then if you wanna yeah what do you
need to do in children okay and then if
you want to go like to the fast modes
cuz obviously we said the two modes ago
but you have em - and you have one more
plus so that's m1 you're in m1 so the
gas is efficient the wheels comfort and
then there's an extension that was
comfort as well sport mode so if you
click on em - and then these are all
going to change em to another sport + 4
+ ok now you got a driven regular mode
so that you can see the difference
between them squared + though Sylvia
doesn't even have an SUV so this is
going to be yeah thank you crazy
oh yeah I like hold on hold on hold on
slow down there you go okay but go slow
though okay okay chill mean you just
joking describes a lot of money you know
joke with this car
your first time driving it you actually
had a home okay well relaxes no on the
ground
this feels so weird me my passengers you
guys I've never ridden in the past your
feet boy I know I feel so high oh hey
you feel that your seat is like so high
out she put it on the Mac setting any
table see over the bed why do you still
look like you're looking over these you
okay I'm okay black white black please
okay young need for class judging you do
score plus turn around a few roads and
I'll let you go escort bus I like to get
I can't afford it the heated steering
wheel alert all right all right all
right now with this car you just told
that people go at stop signs you just go
first
even if they pull up the illness in the
rules of this one but you guys at home
if you drive listen to the rules but we
defenders or if you gotta
okay since I got this guy don't listen
to the ruler anymore I'm like before I
meet you I waited to stop saying this is
I'm like get up out of the way of x6
let's get'em something deal relax relax
okay so you don't know the size of this
car that's the problem
so you don't know how close you're
getting to the braking we're gonna crash
guys do not let your girlfriend drive
your car no I found in Park West
what done straight pussy Monet
you're going 60 here at the next life
you want to turn right not be known to
the next one
I'm like the driving instructor this
what your G to test your licenses like
that
when you can't put it safe please load
into the right lane
okay now merge like it to the left main
merge back into the right lane thank you
change lanes like a hundred times hit
end right here
Canada workbook it does you have to
click extra hurt it's because it
expected just lightly tap it it clicks
three times and it's like by the time
it's been right in Italy I know I know I
know right now that it's so like going
okay thank you also the police they know
you're driving click em - right there em
- now you're in sports
so dominate but don't like don't slam on
the brake though I know it's still the
way throughout this but don't sweat it
but like what's gonna happen here
come on guys I got it Bonaparte
oh I so look like yeah you're good right
really think it doesn't accelerate like
this one I've been here departments are
like let's say there's a guy right there
and you're like I got a pot like what do
you do totally
after this green late let's see we got
optic extremely
say there's a guy like right there what
are you gonna do
okay okay okay all like I got stuck back
amazing the beat going second
family actually love you drivers of all
maybe off even when you're thinking but
I desire you or
Your Honor if you keep racing see alert
begging to get shredded go four-wheel
drive
if I will we care you know I don't know
so we are already on top of a peasant
yeah you don't know how practical until
you look at this game though
can you take a big guy I think is like
the lexicon like oh yeah do you mean I
know you can't just talking about this
yeah you can get right there I'm trying
to FK drive or you can't see you hear my
mom come here okay so because the only
of you guys commented roasting my left
for the other purpose blog the other day
I could not read every single comment
I'm gonna read a few more comments but
I'm gonna read them with Silvia forced
her to do this she's going to bed alien
face mask on so she's gonna react to all
these comments with me we're just going
to get right into it because I only read
like 20 or maybe a little more than 20
comments but there was thousands of
comments oh I feel bad a lot of you guys
commented saying you didn't read my
comments though ordering a few more the
elbows so Marvin Marvin says your lips
are so crappy you can rub them together
to make a fire I can't laughing this
digits cracking your face is cracking
I'm going to try and speed through these
but we're gonna see if we hit any bangs
so that one had 78 like sisters there's
another one by Katie bought Minnie your
little drier than Ryan's cinder page I
think I read a comment that was like
pretty much identical to that one so
that's obviously a bang or any Ryan
sways joke I'm a fan of cement on your
now hold on we have another one by RFC
him RSC the bull gaming what the heck he
says or they say Wolfie be sucking so
much dick that all the pus dried up and
that's why it looks looks fucked up with
yes pickle company okay of jeez yeah
there was a comment in here like
roasting absolutely all the comments
because like I was reading through like
there was like a streak of like 20
comments I read and I was like yeah
these are mediocre I know the wolf a
much better friggin roasting
capabilities I taught you guys better
than this oh yeah buddy
dogs doctor just passed out your let's
look like the Grand Canyon he says mr.
Cootes roses are red violets are blue
faces like like comes along to a zoo
thank you
monkey cute that's nothing to do with my
lips okay fucking goofy an okay I'll
snuff you cooking with Wolfie is my
favorite new reality show later yeah I
can't fucking read guys I think I'm
illiterate I had literally tried reading
his comment and I could not read it when
I shout out to lick for the comment I
appreciate that all these comments have
drives wolfies lips 24 legs
whoopee your lips are like dm's
overnight dry and not getting any pussy
for objects p-please DM I think I'm
crazy damn lucky I ran to a comment lips
are drier than your sex life hook deadly
boy you don't need chapstick you need a
power Jacob struck two arias to fix
those goddamned Edit of jeez holy fuck
somebody called me when Sylvia thinks
the u.s. uses Celsius but America we use
friend like why'd you get on the wall
do you cuz I felt like it your lips as
dry as I am tinder page and some more is
wicked comments he will feel your lips
are dry as fuck yeah offended be lips
are chapped ER then your future okay I
don't really understand that one wilfy
your lips on a giant bass big dick your
lips are dry in your hairline okay we're
gonna end on that comment these are
pretty nice nothing on my hair which one
because you know though someone were
good guys but you know I expected more
for the wolf am so next time maybe I'll
have to fuck my face up and then I'll
get you guys the rose to keep my face
that fact
please no Rose amazon india roasted well
yeah basically we are just kickin it
with the dogs right now
on the rows of you not in China with you
and I rose to you then actually roasted
shut all the people that showed support
on like the bedding water video that I
dropped it's I'm banging so I appreciate
all the love on that I don't think we're
gonna play too much GTA tonight sadly
because I think all my friends are busy
but you'll be happy to know that I had a
very productive day today
so I'm glad about that think I'm meeting
up with somebody to potentially sell my
car tomorrow so that could be a busy day
finishing my video I just have so much
going on right now god yeah but my lips
are chapped oh oh yeah the friggin not
the certificates to the spot came in
today so we can go whenever except for
tomorrow and not the next day we can't
go to the next day and the next day
we'll go in like a week
it expires in a year so we have like a
lot of time okay we're going in someone
right did you hear what I said okay
did you hear that whenever gone these
are absolutely Lizzie's baby can come
this guy damn oh my god the guys you
don't know about these cucumbers which
cucumbers are live so guys your boy is
officially tired I think I'm gonna hit
the hay now someone end the vlog off
there I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
do not forget to go down and smash that
like button I got a big special surprise
for you guys in tomorrow's vlog
someone's going to be doing some crazy
stuff and I'm going to get it on camera
so make sure to stay tuned and come back
for tomorrow's vlog it's going to be lit
if you enjoy today's video go down smack
that like one let's hit 26,000 like yeah
I know this will help laughs I like one
let's get it comment down below baby
cucumbers because that's my fucking
bailing on love and shit baby - coming
I'll see you guys I'm over each day a
little bit more summer than my main
channel and I hope you stay stylish
don't get chocolates leggo
