good morning ayo what to the G boy we'll
see welcome back to more Wolfie we just
had the biggest flop of a lifetime
people were supposed to come in and see
if they were interested in buying the
house we're in now because I don't think
we're going to be in this house for too
much longer we're trying to move to this
six six basic aliy we clean the whole
house check it out like it look clean at
my mom took the dogs the baby system
because we didn't want them to be
barking while the people came so the
help is super clean now the property
manager just came in and we kicked it
for like 10 minutes but I think the
people that were interested in buying
the hell is completely slots or
something because they didn't show up
okay so at least the only thing good
coming out of it is the fact that we
were forced to clean the house so now
it's like spic and span but it's kind of
annoying because I was supposed to go
out earlier to buy some supplies for a
new banger that I just thought of and I
had to stay here to friggin clean the
house for no one to even come from kind
of cheese
we even literally took out all the
pillows like this is how the house came
it came with bear pillows okay so who
needs one two three four five six seven
including a body pillow holy shit
there's two more about eight nine
pillows on a bed no one needs that okay
so even took those out from the closet
made it presentable made the house look
like when we actually came and got the
house and no one came so now I'm in kind
of a rush but we're still don't need to
work okay wolf am I wanted to start the
day off like that check it out looks are
looking a little dry we can't go outside
like this guys now from the fun in every
vlog we're going to start with the daily
lift shaft lube up everywhere you are on
the list because our lips are so dry
okay we're good and honestly I'm
bringing this in the curve this is going
to me wherever I go can't be fucking dry
lips
why does my mom never anthropology okay
all right mom I love you too great great
conversation how many of those cake pans
do we have like the ones I bought for my
last DIY how many do we have at the
house I don't know down look can you
check quick there should be three a I've
seen four circles and she rectangles
like the cake pan like the good paid
cake bang cake pan sir I bought a bunch
of cake pans for my last DIY where are
they oh here here this reach the bar for
me the three one there's three silver
like cake yes three silver cake pans and
like the two bun ones right okay cool
okay bye
so that sounds just like I left them
thank God my mom didn't throw them okay
she usually throws it oh so basically
I'm planning on doing another DIY giant
something I'm not going to say what it
is but it's a banger so many people
rated the fucking McDonald's one so I
thought why not
so right now I'm on my way to bulk burn
to go scoop more friggin gelatin
unflavored gelatin block burn I know one
of your like employees or like employees
friends are watching this vlog please
sponsor me because I come there and I
buy all the gelatin every friggin day so
you should sponsor your boy Wolfie okay
just think about I love you guys bug
bangs let's see if they got the stuff
take off this stuff less up which man's
running to the back to go see if they
have any more gelatin I just told them
I'm taking all this gelatin Teta face
anyway that might as well start filling
up this but hey good to see stood more
holy shit that bag you just got it's so
fucking big oh my god I never want to
hear someone tell me I am NOT the gummy
God again this is minimum a couple
hundred dollars in gelatin this is
insane guys I'm going all out on this
one I'm fucking excited holy shit we're
balling out I just picked up four extra
pan for the cake pan the ones that I was
using before and this much gelatin these
bags are awesome I go a little too hard
guys
$600 on gelatin the fuck you think I am
world's best jelly maker let's get it
can't even believe what I just did guys
there's so much shit in this bag and if
it's all going into one DIY this is
about to be more than a world record a
fucking universe record okay guys this
is some Milky Way record so now I just
gotta pack this shit in the back of my
friggin whip and then figure out what
the hell I'm doing my stuff is going to
be held in this side room until I am
ready to film I think I'm going to film
tomorrow and I don't come tomorrow it's
going to be here because if I leave it
out in the open in this house someone's
going to use it or the cats are going to
plot and it's not going to be the way
that I left it so I got to bring
everything in now which is going to take
a while and then I can bring the dogs
back to my office with me because no
one's coming to my house quick edit
break apparently jad is down there he's
got to use my internet upload a video
because apparently other boys out there
all uploading and it's going slow af I'm
a good friend
Wolfie you're not coming with me you're
not alright so Janet now here will be
going crazy high whole city going crazy
uncle job is uncle Jay Wolfie chillin go
open you guys time to upload this video
let's get it oh here well that was
hungry headed for that kind of shit
mascara the round replay die oh yeah
wasn't that good this is what me and
Sylvia's life have come down to guys we
are grocery shopping at 12 o'clock at
night literally getting all of our
groceries full grocery trip clothes and
I always get the AM and PM
about anyways we're going to load up on
some smack we're going to load up on
some fruit some vegetables and fresh
stuff my mom has also loaded me and
totally up on like a whole nother
rotation of those meal plan things that
we're on the three cooked meals that you
just got to throw into the oven so we're
getting food we are slowly getting food
we just haven't had time to do it
are these oranges for both the two look
like this like what's going on here
leave it these aren't just like these
are not haunted in what world are any
and they're all so soft it's not like a
mini pumpkin or what the book is it just
a quick update doesn't matter where I am
because you guys know I stay chopped got
to make sure I'm not white lifts for the
blog
update number 95 we're good to go your
boy might have to do a challenge with
these scorching hot chicken wing alert
they literally have like a caution sign
on them fry these go scorching also what
the hell President's Choice 5 on the
Scoville scorching lambent scale guys
got their I would get those but I don't
think so really one of those because she
can't even eat like hot sauce so we
can't get the look okay let's play a
game guys I'm going to see how many
things I can throw in the cart and not
actually yet but more so they hit this
off
number one gasps screech aah
what we need those and you do the garlic
croutons Oh next kettle brand potato
chip
I shit out of here with you for those
Carol brand potato chips in the cart
yeah so annoying why the hell why would
you do Jesus oh yeah well how would you
do that next your name real earth neck
shoes with we're loving the clinton
parks was a sterile process for the hit
thanksgiving we don't need a goose
you don't need Jung Joos we should so ok
that was four and a half she got this to
that one so we got forward a half for us
not bad okay that's the next record to
beat next time you go grocery store at
12 p.m. am yeah
what are you drinking turkey relax you
got slapped over here I need I did Jenna
let the grocery store puns begin no
Sylvia what the hell why are you wearing
clothes I don't want you to be all dress
right now take it off what do you think
I'm going to lays you down on the bed
iris we're going to have a party it's
going to be the size of Texas if you
take your top off please I'm trying to
Speedos pitties I like Jesus it's cold
outside
it must be tough winter yo is your
cousin nicer cooking yes because I could
tell he could cook I could tell you I'm
going for stretches guys I'm literally
trying to up my game I go in for shit
that nobody can hit right now watch me
hit this next one you know I'm only with
you because of your money right money
because I only date girls that I pick in
rich
he seemed to be reaching towards
something out there in the dark
I'm talking about the girls that are
sold juicy
okay shout out to all the people that
still rock with these toaster strudels I
remember having these as a kid and I was
one of those kids that literally just
drank the icing by itself so that when
people went to go eat the toaster
strudels there was no icing left and
they're always like Josh Flagg a holy
crap holy crap
I think chocolate milk on sale we're
getting one ninety nine cents a word
hurry up so do you need to quit
lollygagging what are you doing oh hey
are you seriously telling me that you're
going to eat all this food
can you freaking stop hogging all the
food Jesus so he just hit me with a wire
lips
Chapman Rajah's how'd you say that hey
you have to kitchen something that's
it's really tough I'll fucking fun so yo
Silvia our juice boxes for kids they're
there for kids okay okay so you know how
I asked you guys to roast me on my list
in yesterday's vlog I thought it would
be dope to just read all the comments in
today's video because I was going to do
it on my own nose it's gonna follow you
guys low-key but fuck why not read them
out loud on camera and follow you guys
live but you guys can see my fuckin
genuine reaction to these comments I'm
not looking forward to these guys
I deserve it my lips are not that dry
right now I've been putting a lot of lip
tap on them today okay so they should be
all lubed up so let's read these
comments from yesterday's vlog hopefully
I don't get to hear it okay Lindo says
roses are red you have a small dick
there's something you need some fucking
chapstick I just wrote a poem about my
fucking lips I'm cheese oh you know what
to say about that because it's so
looking through except with a small dick
okay my dicks not small it's extremely
fucking average alright so no need to
hate on my average-sized dick but let's
stop talking about my dick anyways I
would follow you but you didn't even
leave like your social media is there
I'm kind of teased about that I'm even
looking through like some of your
replies and nothing says anything about
your social media so that's a window but
you played yourself Tori Jay says your
lips looking like your sex life dry
crusty unwanted and non exist over this
book that was Rizzo
ruthless but then she says I love you so
much hashtag Wolfie rap spell wrong so
tell it to Tori J I'm going to follow
you right now I got you on a loud
Twitter Follow right now follow alert
I got you shut up - Tori Jane for
absolutely roasting my lips even though
you are a big fan you're whooping you do
as I command
next time we got from pixel foundry
gaming and this one's in both so you
know it's rude we'll see your lips are
so chapped and white it looks like you
gave head to a powdered doughnut oh
please you didn't even leave your social
- fuck I even tweeted that one I was
like you know my lips be looking like I
fucking gave head to a powdered donut
like I don't know what was going on
because I always look at myself before I
film not to make sure like oh hope you
got to look great I just want to look
like presentable you know I just don't
want to look like ass and in yesterday's
vlog I was looking like a slope you're
right pixel foundry gaming I wish I
could say you're wrong but you're right
it's fuck Wolfie when you did the Kylie
Jenner lip challenge it backfired
because your lips look like raisins the
Kylie Jenner lip challenge is posted on
your lips big a little hard any
situation it would make my lips look
like raisins that makes no sense
but that was from PewDiePie pewdie
that's the dopest fuckin username ever
and you didn't leave your a social so
you played self your lips are so dry I
can hear you smile like this oh my god
and the next one to Whoopi your lips are
so chapped that I can hear you smile
did you guys copy each other's comments
one prison was from four hours ago any
other persons before ours I don't know
who wrote it first
was it diamond like 7 or was it Emily is
Emily either way either way you guys are
fakes okay I love you guys
r.i.p wolfy list by its Marissa very
true your lips are drier than Ryan
squeezes notifications oh my god this
girl's out roasted dry sweet is always
getting roasted and he's not even like
asking for it like he's not even in the
battlefield of the gigas and this guy
still gets shot so that deserves a phone
I got you cake I got you on a loud
twitter follow on a follow
let's go oh what the hell oh my
that's where they have the same shit
where on my list okay this one is not
roasting my lips at all but it just says
does anyone think wolfy look like a
moose quick cut so fucking random I've
got shrekd
okay I've got the guy from The
Backyardigans I got my nose looks like a
double-barrel shotgun but I don't think
I've ever got I look like a moose unless
the Moose is from The Backyardigans in
which case I guess I'm talking about my
blues a myself more wolfy your lipstick
chef it looks like my mama's pussy fuck
guys does it how do you know what your
mom's pussy looks like is that look at
that don't kill me and you didn't read
and you didn't leave your social at all
look and and why do you know what your
mom's with you like that alright I'm
just not gonna ask any more questions
let's get to that comment you lips with
my future those kill me or we're good
that's a good or two that is that is a
good one you've that's a double roast
you roasted yourself and you roasted me
gotta show love to Kelly Evans for that
one and the last comment ok the last the
last V comma that I'm going to read is
by Katie and it says your lip is so
crispy it more crispy crap I think what
JD meant to say was it looks like like a
crusty crap or crit I don't know what
Christian is but I don't crappy crime I
know spongebob someone said my lips look
like fucking spongebob Chris SpongeBob's
grandpa's lip so it's grandma's lips oh
my god so we're gonna end on that note
I'm glad I'm very happy that you guys
roasted the shit out of me I needed that
it was it was well deserved ok I asked
for it and I know all my loyal Wolf Sam
roasted me so shout out to you guys I
know there was a lot of people with
defending me in the comments so also
shout out to you guys but I did ask to
get roasted so it is what it is you boys
are roasted we will have to do more of
these in the future if something else is
fucked up with me don't say my hairline
okay don't say my hairline don't say my
nose I don't want to talk about that
right now
next time I flop on something aka the
lip chap and my lips are hella chapped
we will figure out a way for you guys to
roast me okay I don't like getting
roasted but I know when someone deserves
a roast and either
so I love you guys okay just a few more
comments that I saw that I had to
mention also just a few other comments
that I had to mention before I ended the
vlog won't be left our fucking drier
than Ryan hender page damn shout out to
rain Thomas that one is deadly because
it correct me anymore true you heard
that right Ryan yeah bro the dog also
shot 2sj official bro his lips are
crustier than a bag of potato chips
you're supposed to snort cocaine not put
it on your lips and then Victoria from
Hendon just said your lips are so white
the snow and clouds are jealous oh my
god I'm done I'm done you guys are
shooting bullets at me okay I can feel
the bullet Oh
but again shout out to everyone that did
that if you guys want me to read more
hate comments or mean comments there
were so many so hit the like button on
this video and I will go through in
tomorrow's vlog and add even more of the
mean comments because you guys won't you
clearly seem to love writing them I mean
you guys might even looky hey be real
life is like this I love you guys
anyways guys I'm gonna end the vlog off
there because I have a super early
morning I got to get up very early so
that I can finish editing my main
channel video so that I can start
filming my next main channel video and I
think my next main Channel video is
probably going to be one of your
all-time favorite videos it's bigger
it's better it's some jelly pen some DIY
goo mic and I run for the Co bye you
guys already know what I'm talking about
it's gonna be lit this is the shit that
got me these two bad boys this is the
shit they got me these two bad boys and
the only reason my ghostly buttons are
on the floor and not on the wall is
because me and Sylvia are renting this
place so we can't drill any holes in the
wall we can't do any of that but as soon
as we get our next spot okay I'm gonna
put some Center literally as soon as
people walk in the house they're going
to know the gold play buttons are in is
big but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog if you did do not forget to smash
that like button
let's get 26 let's get 26 thousand likes
on this legatee vlog comment if you made
to the very end of the vlog I'm sorry
for roasting you will see ok that's what
I want you to comment you worked on
being mean wolf am now work up being
nice wolf am okay we're all over the
globe real savages we apologize ok even
if you don't mean it
apologize please don't make me
better so comment down below and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel if you do these outros and
in terms of me your lid and as always
stay savage Lego
