good morning a JavaScript I will be
welcome back to more walk happy
Valentine's Day guys saw my single
people out there I love you guys don't
worry I'm still with you in the heart
single spot yeah I'm not I'm not single
anymore okay anyways today I don't
really know how we're going to set the
day off there's gonna be a bunch of
stuff I'm going to be doing today Wolfie
is looking out the window for some
reason you're nosey this is what the
balloon looks like guys it's not lit up
I let this last night in my blog at the
very end of the vlog and it seems to be
done so I'm not pop it open right now as
I make my coffee because I'm all about
efficiency guys always we need two
things at once
hopefully this isn't too loud Sylvia do
you like balloon pops oh shit did you
hear that what what the hell is in this
thing that's making it light up like
fireworks all it was guys is a little
LED light on cheese kid it's going in
the trash
new package alert aha one two and three
flex up check these out guys speaking of
balloons I ordered three big-ass
balloons these are huge balloons they're
supposed to be like six feet big okay
it's the biggest mundo ever put my hands
on and I'm going to do some crazy shit
with these all the studies that they
just came in when getting mad emails
loads up but they're finally here and it
even came with big bubble wrap here boom
Oh can't pop it like that there we go
fertility is getting Heidi in her room
right now she's putting on makeup coming
again Bing the bullet and put everything
on the table let's calm down and call
their new we're singing
rapping okay right here fuck isn't and
us we manager but you got understand bit
more things here good boy wolfy wolfy
who's this dog replacing me here and
then yeah that's good
BAM yo how are you going to be okay how
long you gonna be ten minutes k oh we
need to go get food we need to go get
food but we need to go get food
hurry up guys so I gave Silvia an extra
puppy for Valentine's Day I put him in
the Rose bag and check him out he looks
exactly like Prince kid Prince chill
chill chill chill chill go on the ground
anyway she destroyed the
chocolate-covered strawberry when she
sees the blog that I dropped today she's
not going to be eating themself at all
so expensive oh ah God Dick's got this
she sprayed some of this on got the wine
that's for later it was a success but
we're gonna go get food now because I'm
absolutely starving with hungry as hell
so I don't think me and Sylvia are going
to use the spa gift certificate that I
got just because it's a it's not even
here yet it's going to come in the mail
and that should be in the next couple of
days but I think she has to film today I
don't know what I asked you today we're
going to drink the wine later but until
then I think we're going to go out for
lunch hopefully like placing our 2-pack
today I want to go get a burger at the
works because the work has phenomenal
burgers so we're gonna go check it out
so we're gonna go check it out and
hopefully there's not like an hour we
all wait like five minutes
I'm hungry as hell the moment of truth
guys is impacted AMC has helped there's
bears but I'm not quite sure if I want
to experiment a bit but I know like the
man cave is dope like the caramelized
onions are always barbecue sauce Jack
cheese and bacon has obviously piece and
then ho-hum 34 is what I usually get
kind of similar don't know what I'm
gonna get I'm just I'm so hungry right
now but to order the first thing I lay
my eyes on Jovie is there is the one
that they did it literally just says
just a burger and but extremely boring
because like it always is known for
burgers so if you just get like the
boring burger they kind of like this one
thing I like about this place is that
they fill up your drinks with like
Flixel up measuring cups even the
milkshakes to it so let their water
Cheers
quiet later Oh chocolate shake just
arrived guys why is the biggest cake
I've ever seen in my latest video this
is a regular majinkappa and the talk of
shakes play here
drawler whoa fuck you yeah so thick
delicious but I need my food who just
showed up I got a subpoena and look at
that nicely cut avocado on the top for
the burger oh my god
Soviet got plain-jane bacon but it I'm
gonna dig it
this was a hardest Mueller finish of my
life now I'm just going to dust my water
but this milkshake was over I
underestimated how things should be
retaken in Silvia her meal de Mulas I
created the girl gave Silvia arose as a
Valentine add at the worst shots at her
but it would be cringe if I just thought
about it if Silvia was my sister and
then she thought she was my Valentine
and he still got the rose but imagine
imagine that you're my sister and then
they gave you the rose no no I mean I
mean like she gave me this from like a
restaurant so it would be awkward if
without your sisters we're technically
from you no downside it's like some me
though special why don't I get a little
bit for you exactly exactly so me this
is for you
I don't want to shit Rose you put out of
here it has thorns and I go fuck
yourself let go fuck yourself
anyways we don't know what we're up to
next okay you know I saw this really
cool idea online basically like I
thought on Pinterest and it's for
Valentine's Day like you make a rose out
of these and like keep the supplies I'm
about to try and make that recreate that
on today's blog so first thing I need is
pepperoni less up I found the pepperoni
topping going to grab two of these bad
boys and these ones look kind of blessed
so I'm going to get even one of these
I'm cheese the only pieces oh they fell
is like the stuff is already in shape
and that's not what I need I need
moldable pizza dough if you know it's
not pizza dough I think I want to go to
a people store and ask if they fell
individual pizza dough saying all you
guys are last-second looking at good
thing I went yesterday yeah you so many
people last I could shop for these
irresponsible human being come on guys
treat your girl what do you think
anyways guys I'm looking for this cheese
classic mozzarella cheese in the biggest
bag possible which is right
and think I'm either one of these but
wolfy always overbite so acuity and did
you realize they put up a wall here like
user actually indoors now these are
never indoors before what the Park
Service panicking right now because we
larger keys I don't even know what key
she lost she locks and keys now so we're
done shopping here and then we're going
to go to retrace all of our steps where
we went this morning to see if we can
find our key she's freaking out right
now really bad I found my keys after
searching everywhere outside in the
parking lot we came back to the car and
they were just sitting on my chair so I
guess there's some kinda like unclipped
from my wristlet and we're just sitting
in the chair so now I had to clip them
onto my car keys and hopefully it are a
lot more sturdy on here and I won't lose
them I swear this always happens to me I
don't know why but I literally lose
everything keys wallet ask charlie he
got so mad at me either forget stuff or
lose it it's just not my fault it
unclipped how was on my book anyways we
find myself so we're currently sitting
in the Costco parking lot right now
literally we haven't gone in I've been
here for like 20 minutes it's probably
turn my car off but I've been here I
thought of a fucking Bangor idea for my
main channel and I want to do it but I'm
ordering everything and ordering shit on
Amazon is such a hassle when you live in
Canada you guys don't even understand
some things they don't ship to Canada so
when you find a place that ships it to
Canada or a seller that ships it to
Canada they op the price by like six
times what it's actually worth and then
it makes you question your like is it
actually worth it but I'm like bucket
it's worth it because I'm Luffy but it's
just a pain to pay so much for something
that you know is not worth that much so
right now I'm just trying to figure out
which are the best sellers on Amazon and
get this going soon I mean going Costco
guys I'm about to blow your mind did you
know that Best Buy sells wristlet or
girls are you kidding me one fellow
Sylvia is literally like we need to go
to Best Buy the addresses on my kid will
be buying like a big TV an xbox know
that girls actually signing
designer I don't know if the designer
brand is fucking wristlet what go home
we got like a pink one a brown one a
black one girls little anyone
yo this is madness guys this is
literally technology to the full
potential this thing like measures I
think how many shots you make it's
literally connected like through
Bluetooth or something yeah Bluetooth
and then it measures like the shock you
miss tops you make and then
your percentage which is ridiculous if
there's something for like your helmet
Tom chooses one for football - 2070
virtual realities oh my god 2017
Sylvie is cheesing in - Carol doesn't
even want the dark chocolate
strawberries what do you have to say I
really like the white bubble in the bed
she's literally at the store I talked to
the lies I do with strawberries are in
demand alike get the fucking loud pack
aka the chocolate the milk and the white
chocolate I ate all the other ones I am
an 8 - dark chocolate but I just I can't
bring this milky cause I'm doing the
mocha no thrown about by leave me alone
my guy so he wants to play like that
black I got a fucking ring box from
something I bought the other day re
inaudible eyes but I'm going to put one
of the strawberries inside here so she
get damp and I'm gonna make her you bite
south please if it's why they all come
big oh shit
two big guys it is too big oh that's oh
oh my love oh you're like brother you're
not good okay now it should fit here we
go
feel that off let's go here over
disrespect my chocolate strawberries
again she low-key her heart song she's
like you know maybe this is maybe this
is it
okay you can go kind yourself don't ever
disrespect a dark chocolate strawberry
again I think what good if your boy will
be back and we are here on another
episode of cooking with Wolfie
basically I'm making the perfect thing
right now it's Valentine's Day
I got they here she's with me we're not
doing any trolling today okay I wanted
it straight to the point cuz I'm fucking
starving
basically I got my pizza dough my Papa
saw my mom's analogies for pepperoni a
little more kinds of different pepperoni
because if I can switch it up we got a
biggie you know we got our Tyler's
killer and not zombies you didn't need a
muffin tray so basically what's going to
happen right now
okay I'm going to take my shirt off
because Oh hot in this little early
phase okay that relator one reason you
know we have known viewers ah what do
you do it so via take out our knife guys
I just this is more wolf you guys we're
not going to go to them oh my god oh
let's go so we got a pizza dough here
we're going to figure out what to do
once we get them all you don't roll your
daughter Rory but we're going to open
them all up like so the way it just like
just like is there yes whoa let's get
one more just pizza dude do you really
need so much I have no idea I'm okay woo
next step is to take off your jewelry
and wash your hands because guys I've
been scratching my ass and picking my
nose all day so I do not want to in my
fucking food you feel me relatable you
think he doesn't like I'm actually dead
serious dead serious on the pic in the
ass no I'm looking around yeah but I've
definitely been digging in my fucking
nose we go like that here we go chalo
next step we don't need them anymore you
want an iron handle this just dope and
when people do the dole trick you got to
roll it out like this push it together
and what we're going to do is what every
great chef does except does not want to
work like regular let's keep to the oak
squishing together and they always
delete it you know this one ah why is it
like coming out cutters have to do this
Punky's try hopefully to DIY pizzas on
my channel yeah yeah
we are going to make this into a
straight line the chair just squeaked
and I don't know fingers apart get it
out like this guys this is literally
half the profit yeah I need a roller
we're improvising guys I got my brown
sugar thing here and we are fully
improvising because we do not fail on
the end werewolf it's all I got to say
all right we finally rolled it out look
at it we have a nice thin piece of pizza
dough next I got my salad and I'm going
to get a nice this is so easy guys this
is for all you single people our
Valentine's Day if you want to treat
yourself to the rules you want two rows
to be edible
you make this Charles oh my god this is
why you don't get a squeeze feed the
thought I'm fuckin cheese I literally
threw all it's literally insane
okay we're get rid of really good you're
good anyways like I was saying guys
lightly sprinkle the pizza sin onto the
pizza dough this is going to be so
fuckin good
that's a lot of thought not too much on
you don't want too much thought to
myself like the song guys you don't want
too much that's okay so we're going to
spread the sauce like so and actually
that was a perfect amount are you really
aren't dispersing it well no I don't
care mozzarella cheese very easy
I fucking love cheese basilia let me go
you cannot there's no such thing as too
much cheese okay guys absolutely no such
thing I don't know who taught you that
there was there may be a little bit of
fat in it okay fucking delicious got a
cheese almost done again the last step
the pepper down you can get big sizes
you can get small sizes of pepperoni but
it doesn't matter it's still going to
look fresh with this one coming I like
them
oh there we go wow that's actually live
one for good luck not very good so now
what you're going to do with the
pepperoni you have to place it
strategically you want to place it along
the bottom of the pizza dough like soap
so halfway on halfway off put one a
little further up here put one down here
and all the way until the end and now
laps without these guys the fun except
it doesn't look like a rose until we
roll the pizza dough so now we have to
roll the pizza dough on top of each
other very lightly okay
starting to come apart it is
- they're gonna fall apart here guys I
could have done a bit better
oh fuck oh shit okay this is like a
first one this is a learning experience
guys and there you go thank you actually
that's illegal that kind of Rosie it
could have been better so now we are
going to take it and place it directly
in the oversight my single resides
muffin tray you guys you guys kind of
see what I'm doing okay I'll make the
next one better so guys I don't know if
you can tell which ones are mine
this'll keep this we'll have to design
this one bite me - now yeah I would so
via Sophia maybe you two actually do
look like roses once you compared to
those roses I mean it doesn't completely
look like a rose but if you take a stem
which I'm going to do and put it on this
it looks lit it looks like a rose okay
I just preheated the oven to 350 five
degrees I don't know I just pressed it
375 degrees is what a lot of things cook
at but I'm taking it easy I don't want
to burn these so we have one more to do
I'm gonna let Sylvia do it because I'm
doing shit seriously do think oh we do
Fahrenheit I'm now going to throw them
in on here cook them and eat them and
I'm actually gonna make myself one pizza
with the resolute dough because I can't
let it go to waste
this guy's literally trying to the past
appetite of to fix this pizza because
literally you pull it out your hand just
back together like this pizzas
unbreakable anyways tell them is because
you mushed it all together yeah pretty
eration but I'm gonna try it come and
make any because I am hungry this is
basically the shaping of pizza we're
going with now I'll just do that and put
some pepperonis on top no no I'm not
trying to make a bread yeah all that's
cool
yeah little bastards regular yes not
random with just a quick feedback come
on let me have this quick to get that
rectangle wall preheating done time
Pizza turned out pretty well okay guys
if you actually look bless these coming
better and I never thought this was nice
and this will mean this was nice it's
kind of on its side so now we're just
going to wait for it to cool down and
try it out okay so you boy has no
patience I'm going to take this right
out and take a bite out of it over the
sink because it definitely looks like
it's going to be a little messy holy
shit it's hot we're just going for a
guys we are going for it
Silvia's rose pizza roll
oh my god glass bottles delicious you
can't mess up with pizza you literally
can mess up with pizza dough please I'm
pepperoni night it's lit right how'd it
bite it it also very good guys Oh take a
bite of this one this is what you clean
the log over here a little hot hmm if he
is actually soldered Paul would be right
goes back mine may not look the best bye
guaranteed it tastes the best I was just
out picking up Silvia from Red Bulls
from the gas station because this girl's
exhausted right now she's going to film
she always films late night but I wanted
to show you guys the weather because
right now honestly this snow is like
beautiful like this is what snow is
check this out guys usually I hate snow
but like it's a nice day I can wear my
fucking sweater my crewneck outside
today and just to show you guys the
comparison because a lot of you guys
haven't even seen snow surprisingly what
do you guys are living in warm a spot
but look at this guys this is my car and
there is a hill that stalled in my car
so just for comparison this snow is lit
tonight I had to come out and just feel
it on my face but I haven't gotten
outside too much today so holy crap this
is a refreshing guys beautiful beautiful
beautiful you will not hear me say that
often though so don't get used to that
usually I hate those weather anyways
time to go bring Silvia back her drink
you know I'm covered in snow now because
she's got to get energized ok guys so I
was just about to end my vlog off by
just watching a movie with Silvia we're
going to watch like a Valentine's Day
type movie I don't even know we're gonna
have some wine but it came to my
attention that in yesterday's vlog okay
guys you're not going to believe this
are you in there in order to say a lot
of you guys are probably gonna believe
this because you probably already saw it
but just go to my blog yesterday please
I need you guys to do me a huge favor
and not shut up that whoopee and please
I need you to roast the hell out of me
why you may ask do I want you to roast
the hell out of me okay I'll tell you
why look at my lips what am I saying why
are they so dry why are my lips so dry
Wolfie I know my lips are so dry bro
this is ridiculous please guys fillable
for minutes like the first four minutes
of my vlogs my lips were so fucking dry
like Wolfie you need to drink a damn
water holy crap I don't know why I let
myself go on camera like that so
honestly I deserve it I fucking wanted
to quit vlogging after I thought I was
so embarrassing but I need you guys okay
so the items don't sit there rose myself
go back to yesterday's vlog and think of
a clever ass line with my lips roast the
hell out of my lips the funniest one if
you guys leave your Instagram and your
Twitter after you roast my lips then I
will be following the funniest comments
I know this is like the most random way
to follow you guys but I need a good
laugh because fuck I'm literally like
I'm depressed after seeing after seeing
some of this damage I lose with my lips
like goddamn I literally I'm going to
use all this after that I'm fucking I'm
literally Ludwick I'm living out my
whole face nowhere on my lip area can be
dry literally like this - holy crap so
why don't you tell me I'm always beat
she said I'm going to be oh my god oh my
god
anyways I'm going to end the vlog on
that note please guys I feel like what
if you enjoyed today's vlog let's get
26,000 likes for my fucking beat lips
okay I will use chapstick if you guys
have the like button how about that so
you don't have to watch my painful face
okay it's hard to look at comment your
rose on yesterday's vlog as well as on
this block
god damn and I will be reading this vlog
and yesterday's laws all the comments in
them and I will be picking them and
following the funniest comments but I
hope you guys enjoyed again and I will
see you guys soon on more will be where
we stay a little bit more spammers in my
main channel and as always stay savage
know
