good morning and yahwasua choo boy will
be welcome back to more Wolfie another
day another grind another stop another
video to shoot me and David are filming
more bangers today which means I gotta
go get more stuff today very very tired
I slept in but I feel very rejuvenates
the past couple days I've been having to
wake up early like the past two days to
take Prince to the vet not one day we're
both taking we work put it this way guys
I'm literally like I'm fucking energized
okay I'm absolutely cheese I only have
two of these big rubber band things I
definitely need more for while I'm
planning to do today so that's either I
get these rubber bands or I get me a
small one and then try and make them
work but I don't think you're going to
make it work I'm cheap actually these
ones aren't
these are boards not because they have
more in the back oh I'm sure they don't
have anymore so I'm just gonna have to
grab a selection of various different
rubber bands and crates that it works
you know those do you just feel like a
friggin slug I thought I was energized
but like right now I'm just sitting in
my car and I don't even want to drive to
the next door to pick up what I need to
pick up I don't know I literally just
want to fall back asleep in my damn car
right now I have no energy and just like
was there and then two seconds later it
was gone I'll go to friggin sleep I was
asleep
anyways I gotta push through it I think
it's the weather I honestly think it is
the weather guys there is no other
explanation to why I feel this way but
let's get currently I'm in Walmart
getting more supplies I have Sylvia on
the phone with me right now she's
helping me guiding me through everything
I need because my mind is in like a
hundred different places right now so I
got to make sure I get everything so I
don't to come back the lady in Walmart
asked me if I was going camping with all
these Marshalls and I bought and I told
her I was like nah I'm just breaking
World Records he's like oh don't get
sick okay okay
I think people literally think I'm crazy
when I go in the store and buy the
things I buy together because none of
them should be bought together ever like
I'm buying fucking condoms and like
watermelon really it doesn't make sense
the day has come guys Prince is starting
to get big finally not big but he is
growing in size to the point where he
just writes we'll see whenever it will
he's bullying him right now whoopee
whoopee
stop blowing your bro coming up good boy
look at Prince run look at this guy he
prances now Prince you prance you dance
eh and Wolfie always just wants to be
around him licking him as you can see
but watch Prince sounds like an alien
ritual million sound you make when
you're getting bullied okay he's not
gonna make it right now anyways he's
feeling a lot better from
yesterday yesterday he was super sore
but the side effects have gone down from
a tradie shot and now he's boxing wolfy
look at this
we also gave him the deworming so yeah
we given the deworming pills look at it
wrong one place
Oh
come on three six hours take that whole
key let's go eat him up can't hide under
can I hide under me dad will be Wolfie
died sprinklin good job Prince beat them
up Kate we are about to start filming
just got all my supplies ready
everything's here drill master days is
here and we're about to troll or I'm not
about retains about control we're about
to beat these World Records we are doing
another one please guys much like button
even though you're not going to see it
on this video but just generally in good
luck I want to actually beat records I
still haven't got my award for the most
quarters shoved in the nose I mean I
want my nose to be fucking recognized
for something and not just being big so
they need to give me that record I check
the site it's still pending
so Guinness World Records if you're
watching the blog you're probably not
but if you are sent me my shit okay and
we won't have to beat okay anyway
subscribe this video no hard we're not
doing Church yeah I'm not gonna chubby
buddies how you did
oh here we go guy I did tell you
anything
oh boy there's no guys luckily I bought
this mini marshmallows and I'm only
going to need Lister commercials wrap up
on the filming chute got the garbage
right here gonna take that out and now
me and David are going to do some
supplies for his video as well pick up
some food over out because I am
starvation starving very very very very
very hungry guys when I don't eat I
don't have energy and right now I feel
like I'm going to pass out so in order
to stay a week I need to go get that
Glock this is how you know tonight is
gonna be a good night guys holy it's not
a good night fun for the video
okay we're going to the beach and I was
like yo I should go to fucking sand
banks a lie that makes is blessed Lee oh
I'm about to throw some puns on David is
you know it you're always gonna hack
that website but I've got the domain
name the domain name
come ticket yo your DMS are extra dry
nullified well learn your grammar you
can go to the store you went to the
store really yeah really
what big leaf these are terrible things
David made his own brand of fucking
drinks here what the heck
yo congrats on all your success I got to
an allowed one every time someone like
does something that I don't like in
Grand Theft Auto bro I'm like that I'm a
bitch you're chill relax or just give me
a sec to the next time I'm in k3 second
please triple sec yeah you have nice
buns let just jam son so we got the
supplies for the video tonight's going
to be a rough night not a good night
guys I'm going to be out of hand because
it's trivia
I suck at trivia and drinking I suck at
drinking so it's gonna be fun it's gonna
be fun it's how you have to walk when
you don't want to dirty your new kicks
guys oh not that you know this one guys
I know there was probably bare people
commenting saying they're not nmd I
didn't address that yeah but both doors
I went to they call them nmds I know
nothing about shoes I'm not a sneaker
head so I just like you know what maybe
they could be new out on beat so I
believed it didn't change my mind on the
shoe at all I didn't buy them because I
had them give I bought okay they're just
waving shoes and Ben baller rates them
so now I rate them more look at these
white kicks guys goddamn to eat you
tease the pink back oh fuck they're sexy
and I feel like I'm walking on clouds to
be honest so I'm happy with my purchase
we had the food plate being silly
or people crazy right now
yeah what do you want to contact them
beep yeah mild
I don't yeah okay the order and look at
this brush about to be used to cook the
loudest meal of 2017 guys this is a lid
guys I was just driving and I think I
saw an accident to the right over here
so now I'm going to see what's popping
up because I'm very
I'm cheese balloons just occurred there
there was literally just a car there and
it looks like yours has not that intense
I was also knocking okay there we go
yummy thank you hey Briggs come here
your mom so many of these come here
you're not coming anywhere coming Fred
oh good boy good boy Prince let's go
come on play Soviet showing a video so
I'm gonna take these dogs come here
don't jump one second so I don't know
how many of you guys know but I
basically had like a couple probably
like three to four or five I think I was
like five channels before I started
Wolfie raps so basically I have one of
the channels I've private at all the
videos on because they're too
cringe-worthy and I just don't want them
to be seen by anyone one of the channels
is still out there actually two of the
channels are fully still out there I
know a lot of you guys know the one
definitely I talked about that one
before the plug and tubes I don't want
to talk about that okay
basically there's another one that's
more low-key which a bunch you guys
probably know some of the tags in the
video consists of xxx xxx four one six
just as Weaver Jonas Brothers Miley
Cyrus they had nothing to do with the
fucking video but this is how I eat you
used to have to get views on YouTube
just hey Prince why you sound like an
alien guy sounds like alien vs. predator
Britt so anyways I'm going to film david
video with him and like I said it
consists of all of this fun stuff lots
of alcohol lots of drinking but we're
going to be responsible don't worry and
then once that's done I'm going to react
to this video I'm not going to show it
on the screen but you guys will see it
as soon as this man again is over with
but I think it'll be a lot more funny
and a lot more cringe if I do it well
I've had a few drinks in me so that's
we're going to do this maybe this uh
we're doing something I told David that
my superglue was the strongest superglue
in the league but really I pranked him
because I didn't actually use superglue
it's like fabrics glue it softens
materials okay I'm joking
this is gorilla super glue this shit
helped me fix my furniture this shit is
so strong but his game is broken I'm
gonna try and fix it because you can't
play it not big I don't want in space
and you can play it but until it's not
bacon and then they're watching this
long again it will be out by the time
you guys watch this blog video will be
out link not in the scripture so that
I'll feel should link will be in the
description okay so David just left you
boy is a little bit current but I got
the video up here and I'm gonna be
reacting I'm not looking forward to it
okay not looking forward to it at all
this is like one of my first videos ever
I know I did one on my main channel
where I said I was reacting to my very
first video I think that was my legit
first video ever on YouTube but this one
is like on my second channel like one of
my sessions into one of my fucking
various channels I have like a billion
and this very cringy okay and I think
this is like the only video on that
channel hey these dogs are making a mess
with Texas predator is here this guy
just need to sit and not fight anyway
you can't fight wolfy jr. anymore okay
you're gonna have to cringe with me
during my video so I got Prince here
he's gonna watch the video with me but
let's just jump right into it okay
so this is a very sort of it my mom the
old cart my brother driving just are you
young oh my god a twig oh yeah oh oh
okay hold on I got I got a pocket hose
look good oh let me just go back to my
cell free house this is fuckin cringe
like lasagna oh if I start berating you
sure this is my buddy Phil and some
education so given that body the host
duties I never want to know no deposit I
can't watch it
this is wet like I caught for some
reason my swag was like on fleek here I
had like my new shirt my new shorts I
bought the glasses on the brim my hat it
was like swag central at least I thought
no now listen talking I'm like what was
eyes I would be friends of myself
this is Chris Cape please kill me flag
on you another comment
I can't even jerk what jerking was like
big no no no I'm going to think
I know I did is I know my god I'm like
yo like this little line oh my god why I
think I was so clever I was like no this
is this is straight a vertical is
straight okay place at the parking is
working out you guys see something sock
got a half a little duck shirt over a
gesture and still rock you've been proxy
the lyrics my favorite points are
getting it exploding you really never
saw the calendar Oh what happens when
you give a young kid a fucking camera
start from the bottom right here and
I'll push you again
Eileen we call you me do you know that
guy look at my damn American player oh
my god bald we'll be quick oh my god
laughing bird watch deep backwards
Wow mature particulate air will be black
is all that you know that anything I
don't know how to spin around so I
should tell us with base Brett with a
bummer
yeah yeah yeah good game good game
alright guys that was the most cringe
video um ever so if I can figure out the
password to that channel I'm gonna
delete that in 24 hours I'm gonna give
you guys some time to go watch it if you
haven't watched it like in full effect
but that video has to go I got here in
that video okay I should not mind
anymore so hurry up for watching have
you ever watched it good luck finding
I'm not seeing what it's called I know
there's going to be people in the
comments finding it and commenting it
anyways that is one of my first videos
ever not impressed by it but progression
is key ok guys it all starts from
somewhere so there's that and I already
know what to say about that but just
please please don't watch that many
prints what did you think about the
video coop sketch to look oh hey
Brittany would fuck with it
your boy is ending the night off with
his machine is an air purifier that so
it's called blowing directly into my
face it feels amazing guys I'm super
comfy on my bucket couch right now
just foot prints to bed over there till
these in bed I'm I go there as soon as I
finish watching this video but I wanted
to finish off the vlog by following a
few active will film so these are just
some people that have liked my stuff so
that was retweeted my stuff that I've
seen in the past that I got to show love
to so make sure to stay super active on
both my Twitter and my Instagram just
Famulus like family with comments family
with retweets and I will eventually get
around to follow you guys I can only
follow so many people before our figures
guests or so as long as you continue to
stay active you will get your follow
from the beat of guy in the
that the clickbait got wolfy wolfy
rapture he already know do this I'm
follow you guys but yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did make sure to
go down and smash that like button let's
hit 26 thousand likes on this vlog for
me reacting to my cringy cringy cringy
video I don't want to talk about anymore
if you made the very end of the vlog
comment down below cringe just cringe
see are ing e cringe and I will see you
guys soon on more wolf really stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage that
though
