today's looks good we'll see oh my god
I'm exhausted I'm literally crying
that's how I am right now good morning
guys what is up I hope you're having an
amazing day with poppin wolf am it's
your boy fucking wolfy I'm in bed right
now with wolfy jr. you want me to take
him out so bad to go pee I will take you
out in a second I love you buddy
so we just want to go to a hair
appointment so I'm expecting her to come
home and cry and like an hour because
she always cries when she gets her hair
done about how it's not exactly how she
wanted it to be sorry know what color
she's getting it but she's getting it
some color
jaundice texted me I didn't really want
to wake up I just wanted to sleep in but
just like yo I'm doing another $500
shower today and I'm like okay bless
what's in it for me
am I getting fouled and no cuz my Styles
on sleep bro I don't need to get
salaries like if you come with me I will
pay for your lunch and parking and I'm
just like no say no more I'm awake I got
let's go oh my god that sounded like big
happy in the morning oh these are some
nice fucking white dice here but they're
not gonna fly anymore we got to put the
black ones a lot alert we've got to come
down even though they've only been up
for like two days maybe oh my god
it doesn't want to come down Sylvia tied
it guys I don't know what's going on
here that is what I'm talking about the
black days are officially up they look
swaggy with Drake but they're blocking
Drake here hold up who's that there what
up who's that there what's wrong with
you the man jad himself is all that
about to go to the mall you don't know
he spanked in gta5 rocks oh yeah yeah we
Frankie GTI spanking in here yeah no I
did shit only on a pistol okay guys
anyways I want you to tell them just
quickly what we're doing well guys I
have a series on my channel called these
$500 jobs and basically really go to
three different stores and me and
Charlie we struggle to find clothes
because we're both alright for I thought
it'd be sick if Charlie came out today
and looked at the clothes with me cuz he
might find something that he likes to
yeah but I got swag recently my swagger
hostile trait is you nice girl fate if
they even treat me like I don't have to
like I'm about to have to pull the vlog
camera in their face and say listen up
anyways well the first location we are
at is normal Chad here got a bunch of
shoes here all of this will be on dad
John I can't show you the shoes but tell
them that
like a yeah show them the enemies that I
might yet just because I'm not a shoe
guy but is it kind of still fresh just
to have in the collection you know what
I mean yeah I might get you we'll try
them on
not even my $500 challenge but I'm doing
the $2,500 challenge today you know what
kind of getting cut in the bass guard
kind of a verbal Sunday's a specific
discard from Lion King wear shoes look
like Oh
DJ's going to be proud of me for this
way I don't usually love the NMD hair
basically they fit not what I really
rate them they're nice you're confident
yeah you should did you do this fit well
identity that's what it kind of perfect
and we're saying these shoes are for
people who wear like flat pants and
stuff more cozy fit and track where
joggers and joggers and I wear Matt
jogger but these are my new routines
yeah but you actually do wear match or
not you're good does an abuser for you
guys quick shout out to my boy he wanted
to show someone else go ahead and
identify boy the pants cute on both the
chemo from f88 frm okay put team bought
on instagram follow that I will leave it
right here let's get it back at green
rebel you guys already know this is
where I get my spouse when I go downtown
but apparently this crap diseases and
the chicken see without so I can't get
that anymore I'm bit on the LA block you
know what I mean it's philosophy that's
all I welcome you guys crap the one
thing I love so I got from like taco
chicken salad I've got extra chicken and
stuff we're going to see how get a day's
class it is what it is I'm pretty
excited it looked good this is hands
down the most filling spot I've ever had
where they put hospital chicken in it
and jag dog from the next sandwich and
we're tapping out healthy food was
supposed to be like you eat it really
easily help filling a shit it's an
illusion just eating quick and then
we're going to go to the next few spots
which are not at the morning like the
next stop we're at is common haven't
been here but I heard they literally
fell fair shit I'm excited tadam
shopping how are you service for job I'm
shopping we're doing a little thing I
mean a little bit of both now let's get
you guys I found some Rick Owens and
like last introduced I didn't think
they're going to fit lengthwise but they
actually kind of stressed this mug you
at the bottom okay
exactly second call today you got the
nmds and I imagine with the hrickos
energy straight up what goes down my
challenge is more expensive in your
tongue hey whoa
we haven't finished yet we're good how
much was okay right here my knees are
220 all right give me the owners bro
even in watch yo give me the guys I
didn't come here expecting a bison shit
but there's some spire stuff is this I'm
gonna try pink you don't have to think
100 so much okay I'm gonna try to fun
let you guys get okay I completely
forgot to show you guys that I tried it
on but getting this this makes waffle
and then some Panthers logo this one
fire bro their actual fire is locally
wolfies going off all I buy swag now
guys I told you guys I invited Charlie
do my thousand dollar challenge and he's
announcement about a thousand six
hundred years yeah definitely got us a
stomping ground for tossing me some nice
liquid to build and the blocks of all
that box water we're basically building
guys over here now I'm going to win okay
no they have magic they're bad stuff a
lot of stuff doesn't come in a size like
this champs crewneck
fire come on story of our lives it's
only in medium heat but that navy blue
one looks like a larger one but that
one's gonna be for me my nice dad found
me a book The Selfish book by Kim
Kardashian great book guys great read
right here literally just a book of
selfies that Kim Kardashian took not put
you look you eat it and you can sell the
book of your selfie unable hop off
that's my goal guys I want to that
copping to things so far the champs
hoodie and the crewneck both in navy
blue because they're both of my size and
they're both way thank you like an Allen
risin it's like it's more out there
definitely the fit real way better than
the seller can you air out right one
ninety two ninety five bucks
whoo where's the cop I'll do anything
about all the club love Wow
try on five oh my gosh there's more
adding to the cop ah so that's a super
employee if you can find me pants that
are 38-34 I don't think God is the god
thing okay whatever this clue that it's
a coffin laughs I'm at the 36
I'm confident little bit and it's all
Stanley made threats made a guy's huge
shut out the stomping ground honestly
every place we went through comments on
the ground and normal yes all extremely
fucking nice guys yeah for sure like
this vibe great vibes all around today
guys I shot it to everyone who helped us
out early what is I feel like I had this
spending more than 500 and that was like
okay weird you know what I'm gonna char
Lee imma make an exception no how much
did you spend in that store alone I
spent over a grand in that store guys I
can't go shopping I can't I'm done
shopping for the day yo guys so Bongo
made the world's biggest DIY Reese's
Peanut Butter Cup yeah another
successful DIY and it as good as a
chocolate bar though is it as a
chocolate bar mmm
well nice day hey yo yo yo but yeah ah
cute isn't we Margo no what would you do
this surgery but this is a lick you guys
want to see it youtube.com slash bongo
BJ I'll leave it in the description it's
gonna be a banger just like the talked
about was oh this is so good look all
business bigger than I am okay guys now
I'm gonna go to the mall with David
because his ring finally came and
remember we went ring shopping I clearly
got mine I got these ones David got like
a tungsten one I finally came in it's
been like a month so we're gonna go pick
it up now I'm gonna call Ryan because I
was just humming his outro and I want to
see if I can make him save time his
outro on camera right now to soul Sam it
goes
yo yo I got an important she ate
important shit oh here you are you here
yeah
yes what yes I guess that's true
what's my outro what's my outro yeah you
don't know I do you know what what I
watch okay yeah you are
oh no nothing else really sounded Lego
yeah yeah yeah I see intro okay no throw
the closet I really don't know BOGO got
it what's what's my what's my bass drum
song okay you got it right onto you with
the mandem picking up the ring damn I
think we're being followed right now
about their people but I'm just going to
get to the destination guys I want a
tight time schedule I really like this
ring is really nice but it's only 4
grams so I can't even sleep water
oh the ring the ring is in the fit nice
yeah
shit David ring it in ring boy David
stop by the shop make sure the employees
are doing nice
okay look good as always guys David
Keith always keep up the great work
name is the CEO so we have to just to
make sure everything's like going well
sometimes the employees can get a little
bit iffy but we make sure their check
alright guys so I'm back on another
episode of does it test work or no does
it work does it test walk back today and
I'm going to test it out so we got the
super glove here guys you guys saw me in
my other blog a few days ago by the way
hey my god check out these clothes I got
behind me I didn't throw any of my new
clothes but I got the new champion
hoodie on the Chevy a crewneck and I
also got the pants the guy that would
fit me and they are swaying itself ok
still attached to those I know a lot of
you guys have like OCD are probably
tripping out only super glue I'm
familiar with my gloves because this
gloves does not rip ok all right as you
guys confirmed you would have lost a
finger these drug clearly are Shana
these are cuttable even if I have to
like this we're going hard look at this
guys literally no holes just a little
dent right here but no oil guys there's
not one hole in his glove as you guys
can see I've tested a few things this is
my shit ok are you talking to later
thank you very much apparently this is a
fire resistant glove fire resistant
gloves
it has fire resistant fibers and will
catch on fire or melt bases if this
protects against heat up to 500 degrees
Fahrenheit let's just rip this person
Hunter doesn't need to see any more of
that I'm going to put it on one globe is
20 beams ok 20 bowing 20 buckaroos $20 a
little a little tight and it might be
hard to take off of the catches on fire
it says it doesn't melt or it doesn't
catch on fire so we're going to test it
up by putting this flame kind of near
actually how close can we get don't try
this at home by the way I'm just going
to see how fast the heat rises to my
hand okay that's what cannot so count
how many seconds I got one to two
seconds two seconds and then it doesn't
burn my hand but it's fucking on now we
put the gloves on test it you know your
boy DIY will if you look for bust
easement I'm on my Mythbusters we just
got to be two seconds here we go
yo what's going on why is the fire on
the glove and I don't feel shit like
what what is it why is it burnt it had
its own food to burn okay I don't think
it was a hold fire directly up to it
it's definitely made a condiment
don't touch it hello I thought of how it
will be on women they're whining
marketing eyes like the next fire glove
doesn't burn silicone for superior
non-slip grip do you see them putting
fire on their hands no they're just
lifting so our listings pentapox
but I will see if it's all we do like
don't tell me it's fire this is if it's
not fire resistant but you saw I did
that for like 10 seconds still hot as
hell it works though so don't use this
glove for dipping your head in fire
don't use it for that because it's not
going to work don't use this for making
s'mores or anything with marshmallows by
putting your fucking hand over the
marshmallow just showing it in the fire
it's not going to work with that but I
guess just for doing boring things it
work but check this out this for a
surprising amount of time you can like
let your hand on try it won't catch fire
but it will heat up because obviously
anything that touches fire heats up but
I'm very changeable just like melted to
my head very cheap those is love and I
will not be using it again whoa I don't
know what your kind don't need a gun to
get my backup on check out that throw
one time buy that day I'm a water bottle
flip God love God every god guys I can't
even handle my own swag right now I
don't even know what I'm doing anymore
literally I just bought a camel raincoat
oh my goodness
yeah damn it's so swaggy and I got my
new hoodie on champion I already know
I'm a champion and the white teeth
because I'm layering a bit but this is
the mad punky swag right now oh shit I'm
wearing the new pants as well fuck I
think I bought a little too much today
but when I go shopping these things I'm
just like fuck I need this I need this I
got a blue one - a navy blue one - I
already NSA guy showed the blog
everything I bought there's just a
massive pile of stuff right there a lot
of sway I by the way Sylvia's hair
didn't turn out
bad well she didn't cry ain't getting
married on because it always pays out
there but look at this darken a hombre
de Valley holidays well you guys look at
out here do I do a nice flick and then
it'll be a slow-motion no no go go go no
not a make this quick why it's such a
model oh my god Silvia cover girl model
look at how great her hair looked god
almighty is so great and I'm really
digging my long hair on the top of just
a to the side because that brings me
back to late last summer it's a new
loyalty it's a new day new wolfy but
what is it new is that YouTube is
glitching again look at that transition
I just made yet apparently people are
losing a crazy amount of subscribers
PewDiePie himself has lost over 500
thousand today I don't know what's going
on but there's a major glitch YouTube's
working on fixing it but like come on
YouTube like what are you doing right
now like I love you but come on social
blade tweeted out some stuff everyone's
panicking right now okay guys everyone's
panicking check it out there's people
screaming in the streets
so you guys can see you I mean like
people are screaming people are like
jumping off buildings it's insane
guys this needs to stop like try to know
what is going on right now but hope with
six soon
let's pray guys together you already
know we always like to pray about these
things but now we're going to store
quick gas to get some food and then it
might be GTA 9 so he is going to go grab
the chips and D while I go on this
playground if I can make it to this
playground from here to here the swing
is kind of in the snow
maybe it's super deep I'm gnarly wearing
boots oh my god can you see this guys
this is really three feet of snow right
now I can't make it I wanted to make it
to the playground so bad okay I'm going
all shit
I'm not going maybe if I can literally
latch on to this bar and then I can like
secure myself oh yeah we're good we're
on it oh my god what do I do look at
this waiting right oh it's in half I
forgot that someone mercy so what broke
this what do I say right now how am I
getting back leave a face Hey oh that's
what almost got stuck in the ice okay
Wow
okay my foot is frozen back in the car
waiting for Sophia this is why we don't
play well I see outside oh my god food
Oh Wolfie you hungry we just gave Wolfie
a shower schedule wet as hell hey hey
good boy good boy the boys started
playing GTA without me I'm disowning
myself from t-mobile I think honestly
I'm done I'm done I told him not to play
without ya hadirun we can join every
kitchen but they are you started doing
heights without me so it is what is
female bo is no more yeah we're quitting
or I'm quitting female because these
guys started a mission without me you
know I told them to wait as I go we're
doing in two like we've got like 700 hi
some like all right bye official wolf
Sam I am addicted to Grand Theft Auto I
know I'm hopping on the bandwagon a lot
later than everyone else did but
basically my friends just started
playing it and when you're playing like
heists with like 4 to 5 people it's just
so lit so me Sean David and dad were
playing tonight
I think Ryan sways you guys alright so
up you probably know you know Ryan's
ways do you know run please I think he's
going to get the game tomorrow because
we were in a party with this guy and
he's played to Kate and we're all not
playing - okay we're all play fuck his
GC
and relay over and just get the game
already so I think he's going to scoop
the game tomorrow and then tomorrow
night might be extra late with some
height
I'm not even recording and show
something you guys some of that gameplay
because it's fucking fun as hell like
when we all troll in plug-in grab that
thought oh it's the punish it to us
where am i end of log off there it's
pretty late that's big Prince of event
in the morning because you have to get
his second round of needles pin a
sub-tree on Prince but I love you buddy
if you guys enjoyed the vlog make sure
to go down smash that like button for my
new swing at least let's hit 26,000
light glow fans as I'm sweating the fuck
out now go to my cell I wonder if you
haven't already also committed to the
very end of the vlog comment down below
my new sway that's it my new sway and I
will see you guys soon on mobile pee
where we say a little bit more savage on
my main channel and as always stay
savage I go
