good morning ayo what there will be
welcome back to more we'll see how you
guys do it today I hope you guys are
doing fantastic I hope you're having an
amazing day like I always say guys I
hope your crush text you back if you
want to know how my day is going not too
great I spent the last hour cleaning dog
pee that was like all throughout my
house I know some of you guys probably
you're not about telling you how my day
was anyways okay the dogs must have
escaped the room last night and I guess
they just had to go pee because I drank
a lot of water
Wolfie peed here they feed over there
crispy in the bedroom it was crazy
because anyways I just finished cleaning
up I do not know what is in store for
today I'm not anything today so I'm
going out all day vlog date today very
excited I think I'm gonna go meet up
with David first you guys don't know
both Sean and jab started gaming channel
so they have second channel just like
your boy on more wolfy and now they are
playing a lot of games so I think all
the boys just bought GTA 5 and like
that's what they've been doing so if I
show up to David don't be surprised if
this guy's just yelling at the screen
playing with the boys but I'm not quite
sure what's happening yet but here's my
breakfast we got the salad out we got
the coffee for the caffeine not a steak
BAM and I need warm weather oh my god a
top scratch GP cuz you guys are done
filling the bongo spelling right he
needs all of the chocolate I'm gonna go
in a kitchen to take area now watch out
here watch out here's kill her aren't
you
everyone did kill here yeah yeah yeah
yeah okay you have your chocolate Marty
yeah you do DIY fuck DIYs
okay don't fuck gimme lady yeah I got
your does anyone need help like getting
a viral yeah put a picture of me my
thumb no right now just do some Dale and
I'll go the bottom red quarter it did
put an arrow in jail like wolfy I put
you in less on the lane nose too big
okay guys square cover done here yes I
want to give a shout out to the boys for
leaving out my bottle after I see Davis
bottle after he flipped it this guy went
off I had some mural in the house but yo
where's my girl in the fridge
where's my girl in the fridge no how are
you gonna disrespect Madison like that
come on
like holy shit no respect in this
fucking house Madison I got you here
front and center move this birthday shit
to the side pizza pizza or not there we
go you know don't ever just assign
Madison like that again make for that
you will you right Wolfie fusion them up
you got the money
yes how much 500 I said two thousand two
thousand rows in a couple videos what
the hell do Davis chump change
he'll throw in the garbage that's so hot
like what is this five hundred what am I
going to buy with that like a or b
another day another cheap wing day your
daddy huh
our digesting games in your game okay
it's game okay guys no judges we're
mockingly I'm eating I'm eating more
than wolfy tonight I'm meeting more than
three pounds 3 pounds house okay three
pound wing challenge outside guys in
oh that's two pounds coming for me thank
you two pound alert if you can eat more
way to me I'll give you my main channel
on okay yes they're good guys I could do
it I only have the two pounds of wings
but javelin doing three pounds so I did
not to do it if you did them I would
have done it just because competitive
Wolfie would have came out and I didn't
want to leave my channel filled David
only got one pound though I don't know
what that is the cottage is classified
be they put on his 15 done the wings
gone to food let's see with the dictator
you guys are driving pasta school well
if any we're trying to get some knees up
so they're actually your basic area so
until then we keep up at all perfect
very good and then we'll turn around but
I think I just got like six extra
subscriber this other subscriber game
here we go hopefully they don't get
these here subscribe to the ever
different kind of will live it David
you're subscribed and and you guys there
Bernie bro
well he was all like oh you silly go
turn around go down there the other guys
really chisel if going back guys we're
turning around again you're surprising
fans out there is cool call it games you
got this okay
yeah for sure okay no make sure they
subscribe to do it yeah this guy's okay
both of us there did it again do it
again decide to Whoopi and David said
are you America great here roaring too
much of a good guy like this is scary
but it's hot dog lady should not let it
be any kid tell the plain cross Christ I
ladies subscribe fellow cop here she
knows ah
house there she knows please please you
know Ryan please
yeah no no never no I think he's like
hey subscribe to wolf your ass okay
Wolfie I don't know thank you so much
I'm trying Rose you don't I use your
name right please not a street guys guys
I have a good dinner Guardian wolf else
hey I gotta do dirty woman you talk it's
fine oh yeah he's like I'll play you in
yo guys make sure you subscribe to
Wolfie okay gang gang let's go don't
kill me alright guys we should surprise
fans of the school surprise surprise and
fans at their school
who are your according to Judy Bravo
Road anything
GV look at all inside
I'll pull up the friend let him know
wolf you yeah I run the sheet
one-year-old surprising kids are there
out there I'm looking for you go system
let's see let's see
nobody's here if there are other down
the hall oh my god go get him go little
dress oh yeah dad runs remember oh yeah
let him know we all love it let them
know oh yeah amazing yes judge yo my boy
Connor burrows you ever watch a woman
you're watching live yeah you leave I
know the feel right baby see boyfriend
fuck you he knows wolfy said yeah some
fuck after that long way to meet up and
I wasn't amita photocell me and David
are gonna go bowling because me and this
guy we have an hour to kill and we want
to practice our form because we want to
get that frigging curve ball down you
saw how I was throwing like just like
this and David was throwing with his
fingers in the ball but I'm not used to
that because I didn't do the big balls
so we're literally gonna go back to the
bowling alley even though David is
getting turkeys on deck strike strike
strike strike strike strike strike
strike look at that
your boy needs to catch up because I'm
the best at everything everyone knows on
the best of everything and I can't be
the second best of everything so I'm
probably gonna stop for the first while
I do the three finger technique with the
big balls I am going to get better so
let's get it know before you get the
bowling we had to play you this time
this is news on specific dumpling Pam
take it down please we arrived we
arrived guys let's go whoo that's a lot
more dead than it was last time we came
here I feel like we scared all the
people away last time but it is fucking
windy and snow in socks they got him
inside Oh lanes open four days good
night off to embarrass myself in front
of people so I guess this is where I put
my name in the right-handed yes all
right and put my name I'm Keith wolf3d
Oh Wolfer okay we're doing Wilfred yes
done it's a goat version of wool fur
there we go
we do need balls look at these pins
we're waiting to get smashed please beat
you rocked one these are the real cheese
guys right here look at these bowling
kicks
I might take these home flip this one
here
let's go jump in first throw the day I'm
going very Curt going burger not really
confident about it I had the wrong
fingers in these ones that no no he
won't do yet some out first some out of
the ball first
hmm Wow not bad yeah okay I gotta work
on my face guys part of bowling is
hitting and observing the game guys you
gotta serve the thrill and you gotta
cheer your friends on some Davidson
curry oh fuck
alright I got you guys on a loud curve
right now yeah you'll be shot not gonna
lie guys I've been doing shit but let's
do it was out here to the vlog okay I
curve too much to the left I only got
like three pins one more my fingers hurt
see the hurt
a little curve to the middle okay so the
curving is not going too well for me
David's way that are occurring but my
pinky is really starting to hurt I don't
know what it is feel like it's the way
I'm holding the ball that's gone a lot
curved hey you better strike it got all
the pins strike alert boom okay you get
one more you get one more is it your
throw they can I throw one more throw
for David just as he is nice of the
curves my curves are shit goddamn add
the bass drum if you get to strike any
okay I still get a little bit drum fight
hit down one pin I teach you guys about
like one removing curve alert if I hear
one Big Bang come yo yo yo if I have 100
think that thumbs up click that thumbs
up please I got you on a strike okay no
more spinning this is going to be very
quick me and David are actually having a
game now so to the intense music let's
get it okay first throw the game
oh shit almost a sphere I'm up
oh no you just messed up the game you
both you click right now the score is 9
to 6 David next throw trying to curb
okay no the score is 73 David I have 59
you need at least 100 otherwise your
coverage would basically define a strike
I guess the throw again - laughs girls a
game if I need to hit a strike I'm going
back to old ways
this is variance
perv alert curv alhu a oh my god jaws of
bullet go through the door shit I'm
cheese
oh no he beat me if I see it I was just
an awful game on both our parts okay
guys so we finished up a bowling now I'm
doing a quick stop at the Audi
dealership because this is the one
that's supposed to have the RH so
hopefully I can get a nice look at it
there's one inside right now I don't
know if it's bought or sold but this
might be the one that they told me about
how do you learn that are a hole early
that's Alexi so this was it this was it
guys the white stitching on black
goddamn and then the LeMans package
which is the black rim these rooms are
disgusting and the back of the whip two
guys carbon fiber carbon fiber on the
mirrors yeah this is basically decked
out exact out of an all right as you can
get carbon fiber carbon fiber guys they
just started the IRA in the dealership
it's so loud not supposed to do that but
I missed it I'm cheese out on FaceTime
with my dad show him the card oh you
guys thought it's nice let me know what
you think in the comments about that
fucking r8 v10 plus god damnit sexy Oh
such a beautiful day in Ottawa guys
that's such a beautiful day it's not
freezing rain or anything
he ate remember I was telling you guys
that the boys bought GTA 5 and they're
all playing on their YouTube channel I'm
buying GTA 5 right now just so I can fit
in with the crew new game alert this is
the garbage that collects and your mom's
hosts when you do YouTube videos and we
have to take this all outside right now
holy shit freezing rain I really still
want to do this told my mom I'd help her
with the garbage because I made half the
service
yay yay yay yay welcome back to another
episode of unboxing live Wolfie today I
got a box in front of me ah finally a
box for me and not Silvia at my mom's
house I was stoked to see this but I
don't remember what I ordered so now in
order to open your box you're going to
grab your keys for your cards I get it
okay not hurt I just use the knife and I
don't have a nice ski oh look what's it
guys Kunik Santa Monica crazy music
okay that's enough for now montage
Silvius yay nice to fill the other way
back I thought like a bag of dog treats
and stuff for dog poop with Silvius dice
or die so I threw it out she put all her
cards up in a bag and I we always leave
dog bags like right over a garbage bag
you know I give up explaining plan I
threw it out by accident I got my black
diamond nice nice nice nice I have two
of them okay good guys won so here we go
got them here so these are the pink one
swaggy swaggy Lert anyways now it's a
waiting game on the grand theft auto
because this game is so big and there's
so much to do like the guys are swords
freaking out about how much shit there
is do is like Pollock right that's Auto
heads like you do they face this I'm
like hey chill like one of my game grows
anyways it's like 13 gigabytes how big
the game is so even with my sauce
internet everything going it's still
going to take over an hour to download
this game so well and kick back in the
house apparently avoiding are going to
be playing like all night so hopefully I
can join in for like at least a one hike
session with everybody because I'm lit I
grab that belt I'm one of those people
in Grand Theft Auto that puts on all the
cheat codes kills many people
responsible and then right as I'm about
to die I put in the unlimited health
hack so up down left right B a R 1 R 2 D
2 X 5 T 2 that's the code and then I put
in like the Batman car and the fucking
airplane mode and fucking kill as many
people as possible I'm definitely not
one of those people that obeys the law
follows the soft side the chin the green
light not me
so tonight I'm turning up on this game
trick time for the two dogs hey hey hey
Cho Cho Cho Prince relax Wolfie you're a
good boy
get these treats out here and Prince I
hope you are going to lay down today I
hope you're gonna lay down today you're
going you're too hyper
wolf you get a treat first sit give me
paw nope give me paw almost goofy come
on you got just lady give me pop a
Prince Prince please two dogs excusing
me okay Prince I'm gonna hold you oh
shit he's jumping on me hey come here
Wolfie please give me pops we'll go the
other pot give me pop hey give me pop no
you're just look at my head okay Prince
you're going to
the vlog today you're going to lay down
and not ready for the food I know you
know how to sit but
ok that's basic let's try lay down sit
good boy down I print down down look
your brother you know what he's doing
sometimes I have to push Prince's butt
down to hold on Chris here sick since I
know you know sick
we'll see you're distracting your
brother shit Prince can say print you
know it sit okay hey Syd Syd the boy
down hit you just kind of pun pick good
boy down down down
come on this little down big boy good
boy good boy Prince I knew we added them
I knew okay
you're not even done you're treating
you're begging for more Prince knows how
to fit now and he knows down kind of I
just have to like pushes back down a bit
before he won't even stay on the ground
and now he at least stays on I got until
I say good boy you're on the street good
boy and that is God whispering with
Wolfie okay guys just as I turn the
camera off I convinced Prince to do it
and watch Lee slides back what he can do
down now hey can you do down on camera
hey come on different sit down look at
good boy good boy
Hey gibble you stay away for kicks he
would hear or come here listen to me you
didn't give me call one and then we can
fit like he does it's just so bad give
me paw you don't know what a thing
he's like I'm sitting huh come here hey
okay safe let's give you a rocky
birthdate no company changing I don't
know about this we have right
you late he knows to command sittin late
nope no hey like mom how come he's not
getting day try gimme paw again
gimme paw he put up this part earlier
okay Prince down for coming down yeah
down looking play down the bully bully
get business done even you have too much
too much treats for today but he don't I
don't want to brag guys but Grand Theft
Auto is officially downloaded so it took
like an hour to have to download but I
got the game now
no I can play with a bowl okay guys so I
have been playing GTA 5 for like the
past two and a half hours we're going to
play a little more GTA 5 and we're going
to play some overwatch as well tonight
common games in a while so it's good to
get back but uh literally I think me Dad
sean van Gogh David we were all playing
it was lit as fuck so I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog if you did go down
smash that like button let's take 26,000
like if you guys want me to like go
invade a school because I've always
wanted to just show up readily at a
school kiss the leg one cuz I think now
is fun as hell
awful humans and very underserved log
comment down below gamer Wolfie that way
I know you made some very under vlog and
your loyal active ass wolf BAM you know
what you might as well stand me on my
social medias anyways just disappear
into barian card all my Instagram pics I
made it to the very head will be be
proud of you anyways I will see you guys
soon on more movie where we say a little
bit more savage than my main channel and
how it always take that guy go
