oh I think I got this I'm not getting
that's where we'll be welcome back to
more Wolfie guys let me just say I'm in
a bit of a pickle right now this is
ridiculous I did not want to vlog today
honestly I was gonna take the day off
because we were traveling all day video
I can't take the day off because my wolf
em wants to know what I'm doing at all
times I owe it to you guys the smash the
like button right now because today is
gonna be 24 hours in the airport 24
hours basically 24 hours in hell that 24
hours you guys think I've choked a cake
let's do thirty-five thousand likes on
this vlog yeah it's about five seconds
but let me just explain to you what is
poppin right now
so we were supposed to fly to LA so we
were supposed to fly from Ottawa to
Toronto at 5:00 a.m. and then from
Toronto to LA and like 7:00 or 8:00 a.m.
and we're supposed to be in LA at 10:00
a.m.
turns turns out we're gonna be in LA at
like 10:00 p.m. so 12 hours and here's
the reason why
essentially the weather is really speak
Silvia thinks it's my fault I'm not
gonna get into that I've taken a billion
flat no you guys know I've taken a
billion flights and obviously like I've
seen their people show up to play it's
like an hour an hour and a half before
their flight sounds like you will show
up an hour before listen we get to the
airport the machines are screwing up
they're malfunctioning already I'm not
gonna put the name of the airport on
glass that who are flying with but just
know next time this happens I'm going to
put them on blast
this is ridiculous the airline so the
machines are malfunctioning then the
girl pulls us out of line and then
someone asks us why you in this line no
no no
I'm like hey we're in this line cuz
someone put us here she said you weren't
here early enough to get on your flight
and so we're gonna have to book you on
some next place so already we missed the
first place this guy had the audacity to
tell me until the beer oh all right fine
you told Charlie its guy that he's
through the goal I had to show up here
and I was like hey you're working you
ready I don't care you're getting paid I
paid to get on this plane so I'm like no
so I'm like great bro whatever I don't
care if you're working Congrats
so anyways he's giving me attitude but
I'm trying to keep my cool to get on the
flight we already missed it
and the only reason we got on the play
is because we guilt trip them into
letting us on with this friggin dog for
instance the reason we get on these
flights
I wish she was sold like she changed her
attitude so if we didn't hit that place
like so if we didn't hit that plate we
went to even been in Toronto right now
but listen to this you guys know I've
been trying to get my visa for time I
got my visa okay that's not the problem
but I don't have the physical coffee
because it takes time to come in but we
wanted to go to LA now Sylvia has a
physical copy so there's two options
when you get to the airport you could be
like y'all I'm on vacation or I'm going
to work I could just send out going on
vacation cuz low-keyed me and Omar go on
vacation like we're not even going to
work we're just gonna friggin turn up so
listen I told them I'm like y'all gonna
work cuz I have my visa the guys they go
to the back room cuz you don't have your
physical coffee I'm like a bet I swear
to god guys when I say I've never seen
people not work so hard in my life like
I'm not exaggerating by any means oooh
topia literally the scene from Zootopia
when they go to the DMV no no no I swear
to God like there was three people who
are supposed to be working there
employees sitting on their computer for
40 minutes I was supposed to catch a
flight at 10:20 literally we were in
that room till town 10:20 and as soon as
I go up to the desk with the guy who
obviously is giving me attitude I'm
trying to keep calm then his friends
like yo what do you guys do for work I'm
like we're youtubers and then he brings
up like youtuber your questions and
stuff and then he's starting to be nice
and then our guys nice anyways we get
out of the room late and miss the second
plate
if you have no check bags and we have
four check bags so now we are in the
Toronto Airport the most of the vlog is
gonna be in the Toronto Airport because
we were supposed to leave at 10:20
guests on the next one leaves it's an
eight-hour day so we're gonna have a
Strongest Man competition we're gonna
see it really get kicked out of the
airport this is shaking he has no food
he hasn't got shitty happy I hate
traveling
I'm gonna call you Oh Toronto Pearson
Airport you're a big Airport but you
don't like why don't you cater to
animals but what animals aren't like
equal as humans so we're gonna try and
make this vlog entertaining we're in the
friggin airport my goal is to get kicked
out of the airport because if we leave
it's a it's a breach of security and we
can't leave without because we have our
bags here but if I get kicked out
technically I don't leave the bags and
then I can go because we're in Toronto
people will see you mean Marlene so guys
we've been in the airport for about two
hours so far we found our first airport
hack we found a family bathroom because
there is no pet place here and Omar
emits figured out that we could put this
across here and say that the bathroom is
closed well you can do multiple things
you can like do some naughty things a
year I'm not deep or you could take your
dog to go poo which I tried to do he
didn't go poo you can do like a billion
things so she'll like so sorry but you
know we still have seven hours so time
to Google some more hacks second Airport
hack grab any pillow from the airport
find a lounge in the airport
keep this and bring it into a lounge
that cost $50 for two hours are you
kidding me but y'all need to upload a
video so I need that Wi-Fi and you know
your boy smells bad so I need that
shower
we need that shower this one's on Sylvia
Mia was on me sylia is on this goofy
self service will do three hours let's
get it and once you're in the lounge
pillow - comfy chair sleep - KO time
life hack guys so we snuck into this
lounge and they have food they have real
food they have unlimited drinks and have
alkie and winos yo Omari yo yo it's not
gonna lie beef teriyaki are you kidding
me don't mind if Hawaii does I'm not
taking it to top it off or might just
pick this up some cheese and crackers
guys remaining time until the flight
five hours what yeah we just took naps
really literally for full naps and like
that's not here yet but we still
discovered three hacks we've discovered
we can sneak into a lounge
you know the unlimited washroom time a
restroom time Devon shower this brought
your stinking watch this have a shower
here
is it a bad one that you see it yo it's
kind of like your high school yeah did
you use it yeah we got to look for new
hack no flip-flops the kid what's up
you're welcome to more Wolfie or you
stay more savage and wolf or say more
stabs you more grab co2 being a wolf
your apps take it in
he's alright
all right so basically I'm gonna take
over this is gonna be all monuments take
over so for those who don't know
smash like button 50,000 thumbs up and
I'll come back for another takeover
soundcloud.com stands for my admits I'm
gonna put music on Spotify but no for
the real deal so basically as you're
well aware we got on this morning missed
our flights you know we're supposed to
be there for certain times and the
weather it was just a mess we've been
sitting in this lounge for like what how
long Sylvia been here for a minute like
we've taken knobs was woken up we've
eaten we fallen back asleep and we're
still here
you missed three flights today boss yeah
see he was all supposed to be in LA
today
yeah see it just it's just it's awful
man anyway so then so the plan was you
go supposed to explore the airport like
this but instead charlie didn't know we
got pretty steep so we can't be leaving
so basically what I'm gonna do say is
you know she's gonna watch because sauce
yeah I'm so basically that gothic you
know he's brownies some cookies some
Julio's and beef teriyaki obviously but
you know seen too many of these had to
start eating somebody's after four hours
of straight sleeping trying to wake them
up trying to beat up food you almost
beat himself because then going back to
look who's finally away right hello
so basically what we're gonna do now
probably gonna go explore the airport
give you guys a tour of Toronto Pearson
cuz we don't know we're going but we
sure as hell know how to have a good
time
guys let's get into those hours where
I've been in the airport so long I just
want to go home I'm going insane where's
Omari and your boy is
Sprint's on these things now I don't
know where Omar is Omari you know
another life hack in the airport is like
if you've been in here all day and you
want to still be Fitness out Wolfie
because you know that's me you guys I
want 2080 new year new meat there's no
order to squats but or you can watch
this
yo Chung you wait up yo choice wait up
bro yo yeah this is oh just take it
just stay in the same place just keep
walking yo guys this is good this is a
treadmill why go to a treadmill when you
can have a treadmill fucking backwards
I'm Chris Brian's H at all this duck tea
for you I and take e-stops
it says closed
don't freak guys the next life hack has
to do with any of these electronic
machines you have in an airport
basically this one is powered by the
source and surprisingly nobody like
actually buy so much stuff this so you
can actually hack them to get anything
for free all you have to do is go back
on the screen and then you want to touch
the top left corner drag down like this
all the way to the bottom right corner
and then you're gonna put one five four
six eight okay okay okay
correct cancel function bro that's for
the speaker bro Oh which are the
headphones okay
5k oh we have to sweat down again yep
nothing's five five six or four three
nine one three nine one an MLK cancel
correct correct there and you're gonna
kick it are you kidding me oh I think it
oh it only works at Us stores it's
because we're in Canada okay guys so if
you if you're in the US try it out but
like for some reason these Canadian
machines are weird but I swear it works
every time we'll try one
yeah sure I'll show you guys on how they
actually and hit the like button - it
doesn't work if you don't hit the lake
but yeah
let's go so we finally made it on the
6:00 p.m. flight guys
we're supposed to be in LA at 10:00 a.m.
LA time
now we're getting there at 10:00 p.m. La
Femme this was gonna my mistake over
listen guys finally leaving at 6:36 it's
almost 7:00 p.m. but not even that bro
we're supposed to sit together I was
wondering why we had and me and Silver
City a little more on this side my
independent guy asked time I checked
that's not together but listen you know
what I'm just looking at different
airline next time guys I can't be
throwing shade at this airline but
low-key I'm throwing shade at the
satellite we're gonna have a problem
this happens again ah guys close thank
God I have not seen this room in a while
but yo I have a question real quick
who the hell was using my damn restroom
what is this what is this what is this
snakes but yo we're back
Omar's never seen this hello so i'ma
give him a quick house tour of the main
important parts let's get it Jim was
rumor has it Justin Bieber himself
trained in this gym right around here he
danced and looked in this mirror oh you
know he actually did a video of it cue
the clip do Justin Bieber just trained
outside my room every day brother as an
album host view and then there's this
you welcome to Le yes sir you get
spanked abductee pool the DIY kitchen
with three fucking fridges and then
you'll peep this welcome to the back
Hollywood and a hot tub what this guy's
AIT's barbecue fireplace bro got the
pool Instagram pics on whoa hot tub is
it hot though
it's kind of warm and yo they they even
left my pool noodles for my video
say yo we can spy on the neighbors
having a party right here
are they playing Kelly praise no they're
playing Kelly Price I mean it's good to
be back the weather is good phenomenal
we stay back in LA and little squirts
anymore no it's actually nice little
squirt when rice is back it's toast
already guys I'm starting my diet off
the whole-wheat toast
the fries are for Omar and then I got a
chicken omelet how do you get breakfast
with the boys no where's you are
sleeping bro he walks and I got my
vanilla latte what you want baby and
your look outside you guys how it's
snowing in Ottawa like absolute lizard
but here it's an amazing Leonel a can
you find I don't think you're supposed
to pick a video Yolo lemon taste blessed
like like one word
lemon lemon off the roof yeah we're
gonna throw a lemon off the fourth car
wait y'all know I could not be in LA
without getting a car so we are back at
the car rental place we're at a
different one because low key the one
that I went to today I think it's like
Martin Luther King Day tomorrow or
something so this it was closed but I
got these two guys with me and you're
seeing a Mercedes us now that I have my
visa I'm planning on like leasing a
vehicle out here but for now I gotta get
like a temporary car but like because
you can't really do much with in LA if
you don't have a whip uber is kind of
good but I mean this is what I really
need so let's go get this car and I like
the weather here because I can actually
get way because all right guys so I
think we're gonna go with this Ford
because I'm only 17 I'm underage they
wouldn't let me get the Mercedes truck
so it looks like this week is gonna be
filled with a lot of fun car shopping
because now that I'm an American citizen
I can get a car here um and then what
else are we doing we're just gonna
explore today because tomorrow we have a
Ford Explorer yeah we have a Ford
Explorer we have - yes Explorer II oh
yes no no
Dora jeez like like great liked or it's
great surfing do it what is he watching
Oh like two words like two it's actually
a nice gentleman he picked it up on the
needle I told them I was wolfy he was
like like to its discount like like two
heads forty minutes later than we get we
should've done a times aged like two
words guys fitness wolf he's back and I
have like no fitness clothes in LA so
we're copied some shorts because we
might actually want to hike today me and
Omari 22 words
fitness wolfies buck 2018 is new year
new muscle wolfy I gotta I gotta cut
that weight out can't be picky anymore
so for coughing this probably gonna cop
a few shirts let's get it instant water
to ab workout like you add no yo so a
new vlog segment what we're gonna do in
the vlog is I'm gonna call this W letter
and I'm gonna start handing it out when
someone does something that's like a win
I don't know where the elves are but
honestly I think that kid that was
trash-talking me from yesterday's vlog
he already bought out all the else let's
like bro could you'd like save one from
the rope so we might have to go to
another target maybe nah they're
literally fresh outta LS he literally
took them all so I think we're just
gonna have to come back another time for
now we just got the W though you know
since when did Walmart get on there
vlogging tip at work sorry any kind of
laws I've hidden care there for too long
stop vlogging behave
er we good good go back to me Park
because look how close I am in the wall
yeah I try to pull up Sylvia's crab pots
and this is yeah yeah good yeah yeah
hold on are we go in reverse real quick
let me know if I'm good
I'm chillin you're chillin this is parka
says that you've never seen every car
needs a game ready for your first hike
this is gonna be your initiation via L a
dog you need to be able to hike yo
Prince Briggs good boy
all right it's hiking time gotta get my
hike on you time to lose weight you'll
turn the community over before this is
before the hike okay before KO now let's
see wait
after holy studies we just arrived the
hill the hike is beginning right now
we're limited on time because Gabe is
stressing oh this guy wants to get to
the top of the hill before sunset goes
down because there's no Gabe he takes
Instagram photos let me go yo chill on
the running yeah yeah yeah chill under
honey you're getting girls to eight by
doing that this isn't your tinder fix
but you know we got a bunch of people we
have like a goon squad of like six
people here we haven't even made out of
the car and I'm already sweating Fitness
wolfy 28t Noomi Noomi guys drawing
lenses go already yo did you bring the
TP takee no a favor yes you guys will
see Prince Prince Prince good boy you're
running good boy let's go princess
dresses too many dogs shut up Casey so
Gabe said this is a 30-minute hike tell
me how we still have to get to that top
it's been an hour and a half
30 minutes Maya look how far it is bro
we're down here Prince come on let's go
lesson learned never escaped on a hike
these two DS well we still out here
Fitness will for 2018 baby chase your
goals guys anything is possible
no no that's K are you guys going the
easy route I'll meet you on the hard
road
that mountain was steep a lot of hard
work there just kidding this stuff it
actually looks like guys the hardest
part of that whole mountain was jumping
from one rack to another because it was
so steep and I'm ridiculously strong but
we made it
nowhere else cruel that was a long way
my brother's bed up here in the hills
all right three two one jump three -
I'll go use it for the first view this
is the first view of La Gabe's H yeah
okay yeah that's your boy grow big lens
boys yo my name is take over you know
we're going higher did you lock the
other view brover quite higher I'm old
I'm done I'm done
how you feeling pal Rob well that was
the end
bro I didn't eat what we did let me eat
before you leave so bro I'm supply rest
so okay we'll have to buy a whole menu
of chipotle will be on Fraser's channel
after this video thank god that's a nice
creeper into thing that's way the things
people are doing for Instagram pics
Fraser is an absolute mug one the bark
is falling off the street pics gonna be
wavy though masterpiece so we've made it
to the top of the Griffith Observatory
everyone here has a camera but tours I
don't know their channels I would
subscribe to everyone here but like to
earth where is the chill
show it to this building I don't know if
you can see on the very top but you'll
keep this design this is the Versace
design on my ring if you look up there
there's stealing on the building do it
do he's stealing video I think we're
gonna grab some wavy Instagram I'll see
you guys in a bit in yo Omar
you can barely see it but that's your
first time seeing it oh it's my first
time seeing it I mean I meet on top of
the building on top of mountain world's
highest hot water bottle flip yep that's
me first try Charlie yep all right guys
so there's such things is like taking
good IG pics I get it but yo the guy on
the far side over there right across is
the taking pics circuit even if Nick's
you had one finger like this and you
still taking pics I think you should see
them we gotta go all right my name is
takeover continued so it's sick we've
seen the view it's a nice view okay a
real ocean you actually yeah bro it's
Anna my mistake over bro look at that
sign like that wave that right oh it's
sick it's a crazy view it's so nice up
here but now you have to go all the way
back down um oh what did the Maverick
say which way is it to the telescope
look at that look at this time because
we go against the grain like to like so
sorry shortcut in the dark are you okay
yeah I can thank your solo dolo Gabe
yeah we gotta go I'm not trying to break
my leg they pump it this is not a good
idea
you're almost found your my shoes I'd
like Sam I just got easy oh oh my god oh
my
well nobody should have just taken the
long way
it started a vlog this row if one snake
comes up I am oh oh god guys literally
pitch black finish the hike between the
time that we walked down the hill
they got pitch black time to eat Frazier
literally backed up the entire
restaurant all the way to the door guys
doesn't thank you and all you can hungry
for Chipotle kingdom Mountain today he's
tired like two words unlimited food like
another to where it's Linds filming a
video haha okay three two one go bro if
you give B me an arm wrestle the car
empty is alright no no no you give me
five five hundred five pieces right I
used to be
I could help out position all day you
just don't have the body weight to get
it rolled the only time you can beat me
that's if you're bigger than me or if
you twist my wrist if you twist your
wrist like this bro I'll lose but don't
tell the secrets to the resolution all
right wolf em so today after the hike
you know after we ate the only way to
continue on with the vlog is if we do a
challenge because I haven't done a
challenge in a minute and back in the
clubhouse
I missed the reaction bids I missed
challenges so today I got gap on my
right side and oh my yeah and Sylvia
where are you you can come in like you
can leave partway through the challenge
if you want a oh so basically the
challenge is finish the lyric test its
the top songs of 2017 I am Blake kind of
gonna play but kind of not gonna play
because it's kind of unfair I listen to
a lot of music and I'm very good with
lyrics but Gabe also listens to a bunch
of music every genre so that's life is
Emily okay well you can stay Mari
because he's a musician and he should
know music and Silvia should know any
cardd song that pops up so this video
has five I don't for million views which
I'm assuming I mean it's probably gonna
be popular songs first video you can see
his edge here and I probably know it but
I'm gonna play it and then if someone
can finish the lyrics we'll all get
points cuz we're working as a team so
play a home guys see how many you get
comment down below if you beat us but
probably not because we're the best here
we go come on now follow my lead
crazy don't mind me say boys let's not
talk too much grab on your way oh don't
mind me save or scan you think that's it
that's not I don't know I don't know but
we're gonna see I guess five seconds
four seconds three seconds two we're not
playing the rules buddy on me okay I
think that's enough I think that's a lie
yeah yeah that's a win that's a win
that's like thanks to that ko next song
yeah hell is that that may be a problem
I don't even know who she is she
probably has so much class okay oh here
we go
I mean I'm not a farmer like
symphony KO hold on we'll go back let's
play that again
oh is that Zahra lensing ko
I do not know that Lex next lyrics I own
but I know the harmonies anyways
whatever I'll take the loss on this cuz
I don't even know she was that's how leg
let's maybe next one ko we need to do
the wrap up grab here I know this song
but yeah this is Liam Payne strip that
or strip that down or social this is
such radio music next smart like when
we'll do a hip hop but Liam I'm sorry
yeah yeah yeah
you swing that around for me hey yeah I
can do got that oh I might get this one
here hey love you somebody yelled above
you yeah yeah you need to go with the
flow you I love you I hate
you want me and I see that's a half
point that's a half thank you that's
okay you have Jade smokers okay bless
you should be the window the
chainsmokers
I'm that you
somebody with some suit
some super year-old some fairytale and
bliss just something I can touch you
somebody I can miss I won't say she's so
six superheroes some baby tailless just
so
case that's yeah yeah yeah these are
radio guys I'm an arts good one gives
her a video blog he took that challenge
and written put here oh I'll give that
half point not brought to the boat I'm
sorry four point two points to make up
for the last round you said we're
pleased yeah we are yeah
three point three Gail next time can we
get out like hip-hop where you going
okay I'm skipping useless no no no I'm
skipping Selena Gomez that's all is that
Rihanna I think I can do that
so you help me out here feeling this way
what is it can you say it again bro 2:52
will go back it's like I don't listen to
these songs well I this tickets on
in this way I can do it that Dennis
didn't like I said I can't get enough
what do you say he beats me like a new
me Hey
yeah she's a freak oh that's why she's
back how are you that's kind of weird
stuff but I mean oh I think I got this
gez next song yeah I'm not getting that
song over kale we're gonna go to yeah
3:43 Shawn Mendes let's get it you know
this one bro I don't listen to the
weekend like that Jo honestly guys I'm
very good at lyrics I promise you but
like it's given me okay chill it's given
me songs I know you guys are sitting at
home like a hawk Wolfie how do you not
know it you listen to is big Shaq slave
kill oh okay oh hold on we should do
hip-hop let me see if there isn't one
trying to finish the lyrics what I'm
sisters amen
the quitting oh if we don't get this
hey-oh
ruk me yeah this is old
yo smiling but if you want us to do a
hip-hop version but there's maybe a
cause notes your quick ting let's see if
we can just do one run seeing Bryson
tiller I'm seeing Jo this one's for Omar
only lazier education why is it making
the worst lines guys especially but this
is over see you guys you know warfare
I'm not gonna lie I literally like I
just killed like I slept on the bed
physically sideways like you know how
your head supposed to be there and your
feet supposed to be there no my head was
on that side and my feet were on this
side ridiculous I don't know what
happened I kind of woke up sick you can
tell about my voice feeling a little
weird but you're I completely forgot to
end off the vlog so I'm gonna end off
right now cuz I got to start tomorrow's
vlog cuz the grind don't stop baby but
yo I love you guys so friggin much if
you stay to the very end of the vlog
shout out to you you're the real MVP
smash the like button if you did that
way I know you're the real wolf family's
hit thirty five thousand likes on this
vlog because my nose is about to drip
with snot and I'm feeling kind of beat
this morning can't open my eyes
comment down below em gang and I will be
coming back to some of you guys to do
that and I will see you guys soon well
I'll see you guys tomorrow
I'm more Wolfie where we stay a little
more cerebral a channel and on those
days I was a guy
do do yaki
