good morning a yo let's go to boy swag
daddy P master flex looking at and today
I woke up guys not the best day of my
life I'll tell you that because my hair
is messed up again I need to go get it
cut but I'm gonna keep the top because
so they told me this morning she's like
you know I think I like your hair a
little longer and you know I'm not doing
only for Sylvia I'm changing it up I
used to have longer not super long hair
but like decently long hair so I'm going
to bring the top back just a bit as long
as I brush it forward every day which I
need to get on to be honest but I'm
gonna say the size get a nice line up
and we'll see how it goes
and if you guys don't read it then it is
like this I guess you guys don't really
check out the cut liking it guys I'm
liking it a lot yo are you ready yeah
I'll be there in like five minutes okay
right anyways guys you heard that I'm
picking up dust and we're about to
finish filming this banger rivaling lips
so damn dry you I got to stop at home
real quick because the boys have left
they're like ps4 controllers at my house
for like the past week Sean needs them
go give them back to the boys drop by
there real quick then film is being 8:26
then Cleo what are you doing I'm
allergic to cats got to get off my goose
clear excuse me excuse me Cleo my guys
I'm about to start filming my video
right now my mom's looking for houses
always looking for houses all last night
the search for a house in Toronto is
crazy right now because I don't know if
I'm going to rent or buy a house so got
to decide on that I think next year 100%
I will be in Toronto minimum elder model
because in Toronto doesn't snow as much
and Toronto's is hype okay I lied we're
not filming yet I forgot why I need to
go to McDonald's and take up some fries
and a burger for the damn video I'm
cheese wrap on the video this is what
everything looks like when you're done
filming an absolute banger this light
just dropped down almost smooth Dustin
in the face so I think we're gonna take
the lights down clean the kitchen up a
bit that's a wrap on a two-day shoot
very excited very happy with how
everything turned out and why is there a
picture of me mum is that not a guy
getting tired of autograph again too
much celebrity oh you want to make
make it happen no what are you doing Oh
playing with the dog yeah are you coming
to my mom take one dog you're gonna come
home Toby huh you can do when I'm making
your dinner for all you want to say that
again my mom I'm going to do it yeah I'm
coming
can you get that you know that gold
bottle that I bought yeah can you put
that in a bag and you know like do we
still have like regular water bottles
Algren we don't know no just checking
that into coverage pantry is there any
less power
there all done I'm cheese okay okay I'm
gonna go to Loblaws quick buy some and
then I'll come get you
all right guys so I'm about to go pick
up Sylvia but I'm cheese we ran out of
water bottles and I need that because
I'm about to do one of the most
expensive taste tests in the world right
now are you making healthy smoothie can
you not make super super healthy
smoothie healthy healthy physical health
services like kale alert make a smoothie
should like have to use all the kale
make it taste good
what am I going to do okay that's too
much go too much do I make it no that's
what the healthiest Julia um that's not
a video no one's clicking on the head
the healthiest drink on ablated yeah
one yeah considered crazy bet there it
is right there
no no just kill you just kill then it's
not healthy you know Kailen air in water
why don't I have to drink it yeah I
can't even drink a sip of anything bad
so I can't do that anyways guys we're
headed off to the store right now three
seconds I'm going up here and water
bottles are gonna be in my hands good
day
I didn't lie to you guys it's not in my
arms but now it is in my arms got the
water bottle twelve water bottle doesn't
got pineapple juices from the same aisle
so two birds one stone I think we're
good to go now I got to drop some stuff
off and pick up the dope and Sylvia so
guys I don't know if you guys know but
Dorito has ketchup chips now they've had
them for like about a couple months but
I've always been a lazy
ketchup chip guy like I don't know how
to read Oh ketchup chips we're going to
take so I'm going to have them right now
cast them out so I can let you guys know
if you need to save your money or you
need to go to the store and buy them but
I do love to read okay but this is
literally tripping me out
so look wise they look pretty good data
for a kind of sweet chili heat so here
we go first chick crunch after rice oh
my god this is so rude I think tastes
like they staged like Cool Ranch
underneath the tip it's really tripping
me out I love the Doritos crunch
I love the chip but you're not expecting
ketchup when you bite into them but you
know those chips one like you can't stop
eating them I think these are one of
those types of chips exactly for your
blood all right fruit you deliver okay
mom here I need you to do a taste test
to take you through this quick this is
water from the fridge and then you're
going to take a sip of this and tell me
the difference and then I'm going to
tell you the difference thanks mom hello
okay here you go
take a sip of this water first is there
anything in nothing's in the water I
promise not using the water okay that's
one dollar water straight from the
freshest pure life bottle on the planet
and now I need you to take a sip of this
water this is $100 water $600 water
nothing is in it okay can you knock you
down or water wise drinking dog
tell me you think you taste it do you
taste the money what is the same take it
out of it for this one they don't seem
to save you at all they don't taste the
same get a good tip of that clear you
can't have any which one's better if you
had to decide a little Jensen
do they come cheese already 50 dude okay
guys basically this is just pure life's
messy water that I put in the fridge for
a bit to cool down and this water
I said you thought is $100 yeah it's a
gold bottle I think that's why it's 100
bucks balance is a little less plastic
ish plastic it's fresh it's from the
depths of Iceland basically guys I went
to the store you would take the gold one
yeah okay that's good tell you the
difference
I went with my source and I bought a
bottle they're different waters I know
but you don't want one animal that
they're different you wanna know I
wanted to know that they're different
you know okay whatever
I bought a friggin bottle I bought it
for like 95 bucks plus the water which
is five bucks so it's technically $100
water
I think the bottle is supposed to make
it taste like more clean or whatever I
later found out they sell at Urban
Outfitters for like 50 bucks but I
bought it at a store because I thought
it was cool it was cool
I'm not gonna tell you cuz then you're
gonna buy one all right a hundred
dollars that's a hundred dollars going
into your mouth and you're like act the
same as sure like water Stefan
tell me is the better one and I'll tell
you the better one how much is this one
$100 $100 well technically I would you
do a bath of what I bought it for and
how much it's actually worth are the
doors that I spend and you only have one
of them yeah don't por todo for toke
okay okay okay I did pretty damn good
but is it $100 good
no okay definitely does it all good okay
guys my taste test you know I got help
with your life first and this up I'm not
going to lie when pure life is cold it's
a little better but still not my go-to
brand this one it's warm on the outside
but is the water cool mmm cool
that's that hundred dollar water I'll
talk to the boat this was way better
guys don't ever spend $100 for a bottle
because if you do you clean it so I
played myself okay guys
whoopee don't take my water bottle guys
check this out come here good boy come
come come whoopee bring it here bring it
we're playing fetch oh my god okay
DIY water bottle gun check this out yeah
you know you can make this into a gun no
you have a childhood I'm a girl
hey don't ever do this is a kid and then
when the vapor comes please you know you
twist it look at it it's so far it's
tiny
I don't want to point out your place
yeah don't do it watch out fascist flies
you like it loosen the cap and then as
soon as it gets really tight watch it
okay don't talk it back yo yo yo yo yo
hola I bought no any water normally you
should drink your smoothie oh yeah by
the way you guys believe my mom made I
know Dustin made it for me this is a
kale 3q back to the kale clip make a
smoothie should like have to use all the
kales good what am I going to do do this
is what was created from it good for you
you had pizza for dinner saw my god
first of all I'm going to chug this in
two seconds if I can try the water balls
on four seconds flat watch you know this
packet Glee two one
Wow bro Wow
okay all that is something is so spill
it's done without faceted I thought if
you do it with you know a microwave
microwave you'll pay for my career here
great nation
close enough Meridian come up with these
things Wolfram I do not know what has
happened to me like all day I felt
really good I got a banger video film
today everything was going really well
and then like an hour ago my throat
started hurting my nose just got clogged
and I'm feeling weird I don't know I
think I might be suddenly get sick
maybe I'm catching on to the sickness
that Sylvia had I avoided it for long
enough and maybe God's just telling me
not wolfy you got to get this sick this
quick just quick brothers take it and
it'll be done in two days but you gotta
have something so right now my nose is
fully clogged so I'm going to end the
vlog off there I'm
can I sleep tonight I might even sleep
it in the morning to reward myself for
filming this date but I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did do not
forget to smash that like button let's
hit 26,000 wolf damn comment haircut if
you need to the very end of the vlog
because I got a fresh haircut let me
know in the comments down below do you
guys like longer on top and then just
like save the sides like this is
probably like the longest I'm going to
go on top I don't want to go too much
longer because my hair gets nasty ugly I
got really black hair okay gets super
curly and nappy right away your boy is
not trying to have an afro like I did
back in the day by the way I had an afro
okay I'm speaking to work anyway again I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and I
will see you guys soon on more will be
where we say a little bit more savage
than my main channel and as always
thanks damaged leg oh by the way guys
quickly just one last thing I wanted to
talk about thank you for all the support
on my pranks and I dropped my mom more
pranks coming in the future but you guys
kill the thumbs up button literally it's
like the night isn't even over and
there's already like 150,000 thumbs up
in like five hours it's insane you guys
are okay thank you so much okay
bye
