hey you let's get into where we'll be
welcome back to more we'll see guys
today I'm doing something special for
you today I am NOT doing a vlog but I
thought it would be funny as hell to
react to some cringy ass breakup text so
what better way to do it then have my
girlfriend here to react to them with me
right and so I got my girlfriend here
because you know what they know me why
anything like this a stoolie sob I'm
gonna kill you I got my phone here
Sylvia's our phone there I'm going to
act like the guy you're gonna act like
the girl because half guys send these
texts I'm pretty sure half girls in
these texts and I want you to tell me
what you would do like if you received
that text for me okay and then I'll tell
you what I would do if I receive a text
for you okay so if you guys like these
types of videos like these reaction
types of videos let me know by hitting
the thumbs up button and I will make
sure to do more on more both because I
make bangers on the main channel I got
to make bangers on the second channel
but let's get into the text here's the
fucking first message so the first
message is from Lindsey I read it I read
it I read it early another night I want
to be like Selena and justice babe they
broke up okay fine stealing Heidi's ahh
they split to Jesus okay fine Brittany
and Jessica they put like 10 years ago
obviously not catching on it's over by
my part is it terrible texts to be on it
it's not even cringe that's just like at
that point I would just not even hand I
think it's a joke that could be a joke
and I got how are you so funny that's
like on those relatable Instagram pages
I thought yeah that's not something that
actually happen yes that actually
happened I feel bad being the guy
because the girls clearly not all there
in the head those are shitty jokes to be
honest the next one there's no name
you know what I'll read it I need to
tell you something what is it babe I
broke your xbox
what GK I'm cheating on you sold my xbox
is okay right say that was so noisy
realize okay like that wasn't even bad I
was I saw the first woman shit but these
are getting worse like that's not even
funny it up maybe like he really is
responsive ashes you know what some of
the xbox is okay that's what I would say
personally did you feel like now you're
joking actually I would respond with
what the fuck
thank you you should we broke up her
mommy a bitch what the fuck
lovely lady drunk written you broke up
with me I mean I got the Xbox but if
someone actually said that like I just
want to know just put it give me a name
and give me a face to who's saying this
so I can roast them in the proper way
possibly give a shit this is just crazy
people that seem like it's so fake that
seems like it let me know she's joking
is everything ok like oh my xbox is good
right
shit shit McKnight 1111 make a wish ok
what do you wish for for me and you to
grow up and get married and stay
together forever what did you wish work
to find a way to break up with you
before I got too serious oh shit ok that
was good
that is something that I pull up some
girl I pull it until the I think you
would say that to somebody I would say
that yeah that's so rude that's it like
I feel like one prisons ready for the
relationship and then they got into a
relationship too early and like you
definitely really good whatever wait
okay so like say it's not okay
no no I mean like I would do it I can
see it be like okay not scenario that's
just like they're your friends and they
just got into a relationship and then
one person's regretting it and they're
like that's not even cringe and my thing
I actually got the regular one but why
would you try to sneak it in like that
like don't judge me prepare the person
or you're like that's what 20 people do
good they don't want to like they don't
like confrontation like me so that I got
if this place they're waiting for the
response of like if they're actually
just serious or not as a very serious
they say yeah and then it's really I
just can't take these seriously cuz if I
was going to actually break up with
somebody over text I would like it gives
them a few text warning would hate have
to talk to you about something like this
has been in my mind I get it up in one
blow and like sneakily try to break up
with some through joke I like that one
because it cushions it in my opinion
next have you seen that movie called
other people never heard of it why
because that's what I want to see a
breaking with me wow okay this is a fake
it shit I've ever seen the fascinate
capitalized yeah yeah yeah how are you
breaking up as he's believable but the
WoW is a perfect punctuation who had a
perfect belcheck
looking at hey try to fill stop barking
holy shit these dogs up north back
anyway so Wow
garbage we're breaking up with me Wow
Mike Wow exclamation mark like that's a
to perfect if this was real life text I
feel like there would be a lot more what
the fuck bitch like relax is like you're
an asshole
that shit not just like perfectly oh my
god are you serious
like what no those are not the right
responses to getting broke out this
article is called twenty painful breakup
text in time for valentine NE time for
about NZ
traitor on the court Nick or not but
these aren't paints well these are like
I would I would name it 20 apps
breakup text in time for never because
they're garbage in their shit yeah
painful it is are like funny painful
would be like it actually is like funky
her they're feeling you know day want to
see a magic trick
no now how am I supposed to dump you
looted of you mean this is kids a legit
cringe
that now how am I so am I supposed to
dump you is that like that's on me like
in capital T like now I'm a little jumpy
so now it was it okay yeah no shit
another matter how they say is so stupid
level I've got a magic you know what
would the match I want to know how you
want to broken up with
so I feel like the person that said no
if it's a girl or a guy doesn't say but
they did to make the other person
they're like no I would adopt alarms on
me what kind of type of I want to see a
magic trick
do we exercise how about you use and
like oh yeah baby happy
no yeah you would you say that I mean
would I ever reply there would be like I
said I love you babe sure let me see it
and it's funny great no I feel like what
the fuck not design you wouldn't say no
with a period no no you don't no one
uses giryu they were definitely enough
fight there's something and then it's
like okay this is the time to break up
with a girl I want to see it magic okay
if they're in a fight I can see that
working they like no we're going to the
cipher you wait there you look at ghosts
be drowned you didn't read it okay next
fucking max hey what what the hell you
want
oh this is X I'm going to tell you
something
I don't okay this is that you really I
don't care what you have to say I've got
enough from you multiple times
well why is everything every notch it is
very good go ahead yeah I was just going
to say that your Xbox 360 had a great
time burning in the fire with the
pictures of us you bitch
okay I'm going to the next one this is
go I didn't respond to the village okay
I like this one this one's coming from
no way girl calm and it's coming from a
person named friend Hey look at these
dogs they like what do you want
can you stop I'm trying to film a video
okay thank you
knock knock who's there beep single
single single you real funny babe not a
joke just didn't want to be too harsh on
you you fucking heartless asshole this
is real visceral this one is a great sex
relationship thank you that was real now
I'm literally killing my little brother
says yeah you know those like grade 5
breakups you like
that's bad because you tell anyone in
your phone as planned no no boy okay you
do that I'm cutting you off
I don't we're breaking up all right bye
can I roll over we're dogs
get back here I was told I have no soul
today okay ginger that's not true why
would someone say that I lost when
someone's dad died in Lion King we're so
over now shit that was total crank got
here she wasn't serious baby don't baby
me we're done baby seriously maybe are
you retarded
No did you really just respond with
Justin Bieber lyrics as I'm freaking out
with you that's good baby
you just met her on baby I didn't read
around because oh oh yeah baby baby baby
baby no he doesn't say no it's a no so
that's that's not a okay Justin but
that's not justice so you you read the
river promise yeah how it doesn't make
sense big all right this is only how
it's been to you what would you do if I
broke up with you get back with my egg
then I probably eat at that response
I tell you oh my god now I see how much
you care okay nice touch a girl shit I'm
done
no I'm done favorite emoji though I see
how much you care yes another test
see those are you supid Joey that fails
that test go with your ex that's silly I
sent me that I have it but the day you
are my ex OH
Liam read the rest of it oh and then I
got Pitt George your ex you are max
that's a breakup let me read it cuz I
didn't read to get back my ex now how
much you care I'm done hey you want to
go out go with your ex you you are my a
broken
oh no it's cute that's still like you
know that's still the girls like I was
so mad at Princeton ahead of the game
it's not cute the girl is a psycho
you're getting back in my ex because he
met her but why would I take necessary
the beginning why not just stay together
that is trying to beat you the other
would be cute try to test him and he
liked to play what would you know if I
had sex with your mom I am your mom
thank you Dad stupid good shit Donald
Carrie Sonny and what the fuck I'm fuck
you I never want to see you for the rest
of my life I hope you burn in hell you
whores unless your mother home
now remember ever napkin why'd you break
up with Emma she's a pretty girl look
you make it an OP you fuck you too Bob
come on son the monsters caught the son
not to speak to a woman that way that's
not a painful breakup text that's a
funny breakup text hey I think is really
working I'm pretty hot break you up with
you that's like straight to the point
oh yeah I was straight up I'm your wife
you can't exactly break up with me I'm
living in your house you could just walk
over to the other side of the room and
tell me you wanted to get into to get
divorced
oops sorry this is not personal oh my
god okay wait why does ham oh okay wait
what they're playing they're having the
time of their lives opening the volume
making too much noise on filming next ex
let's go to these quick you there yet
yeah sorry we're just thinking I really
want to break up street the point oh you
have to be kidding you're dumping me
through teddy fuck you John what are you
15 asshole oh my should be no I meant I
want to bulk up not breakup game 15
times by some enough breakup guys really
hey it's over what the fuck why after
all I did for you decide you're gonna do
me you ungrateful jackass
it's okay that's why I slept with three
of your best friend you prick us I was
talking with a movie oh my god
fuck you laid off like that was yeah
that was yeah can believe that way but
uh doesn't make endurance if you are the
girl no who is it the guy sending a
message
yeah the guy sending message to the
girlfriend he would just say hey the
movies over
huh it's over hey any one thing is not
going to movie does I just can't like a
radius types of it's been oh maybe
whatever you're gonna spend movie this
it's over team number three it's
finished already say coming home now
okay why are you okay what's up baby
nothing I was just thinking about how
much I hate your boss but God well ok
for being on it now you take this is
your fat
what the fuck died I wrote boss and it's
fucking autocorrected you fuckin ass oh
this is not good how does boss
correction ball okay in what world is
Google is Apple working in that way this
is not me that's it
yeah daughters don't wanna SS listed if
it goes to bald spot I will believe this
text if it doesn't not just Boston boy
Adventures to be on over your ex Jack I
don't care to cheat on me I fucked your
best friend anyway it felt looking so ha
ha I got you go ahead I'm with a fucking
Lincoln ok one that's why he did well
for two weeks - I didn't cheat on you
the perfume you smell in the my house
with my mom and three your ocean gramma
I'm a guy I'm the guy I know lamb oh I'm
sorry
Bay I was inside I haven't seen you for
two weeks for two different really
outside for two weeks
I'm still your girl like okay we're
literally - totally this is the guy I'm
the guy I'm done with this tank how
about that even got it no this to me
fucking like list 99 juggling this is a
PowerPoint presentation a genderless
please don't do this you have no idea
how important you are to me I gave you
too many chances I've done
forget it all right we're octagon I mean
over thousand people that still picking
up with you that was great that was just
I was good that was been a good variety
like nicely
okay that was funny but I'm still
breaking the / gocheok to God their dad
not to my number one chamber okay we got
a couple more let's see if any of these
are bangers love you Danny I won't lay
down anymore I promise yeah you can
continue but the emini cheating on me I
was just keep something unreal I thought
we worked through this and now you're
ignoring me so fuck you so be pigs holy
shit
I meant I'm counting on you not cheating
okay look so annoying
somebody's unbelievable but like ninety
five to ten of them are believable so I
guess she cheated on him and then he
forgave her and he's like I'm counting
on you but I'm good I'm sure you should
like what the fuck no idea she got mad
with I think she was willing to cheat I
figured it out okay here we go
hi Jared asshole jeans that I was
thinking I couldn't go out alone are you
maybe nicely my god how stupid yes I am
babe can't wait to have you want bed I
know right well enough me too I want you
so bad I'll break up with James next
week I promise
don't worry huh I'll do it for you by
the way doesn't Jean and we're over oh
my god jeez I'm so sorry I didn't mean
that Queen forgive me goodbye to what oh
my god Jane did you not even got your
the third fucking text you'd realize
you're texting the wrong person mom
maybe like it's James and she's texting
Jared there pretty soon someone named
penny nice a technique Jared Jared hi
Jerry oh that's believable but can you
not to see how like who would you
picture sending those texts like as a
guy all I see is like a 15 year old
white guy with skater hair yeah this big
for school to fake but but it's
definitely not the point
winky face any little wedge right now
look at me break up with my girlfriend
yeah probably
alright thanks and then he catches bad
feelings before bed and yes we got the
paper guys it's definitely pretty clean
such loneliness meeting but I'm okay now
I'll see you then I suppose we can talk
as friends so this is goodbye maybe some
day I'll see you at the table and
restaurant in France perhaps we will
both be in our future camp with our
future families we smile and wave but go
our separate ways
please have a good look you just use a
Batman reference in your breakup line
sorry okay that's that I need it so bad
okay anyways so guys on a scale of 1 to
not great at all I read some of these
lines absolutely not great at all is
doing in Tibet my favorite one was the
prick a son okay okay and mine was a
doctor gone well I think there was like
three to four lines but actually like I
think are believable but everything else
there's no way they must have been in
jail so they're like fades like Sylvia
let's get viral let me ask you some
scoop of that shit and then kids
actually retweet the wanna know why
that's all about buddy
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did smash that like button
right now let's make more will see as
lit as whoopie wraps right now actually
can hope you already know what it is
hit how many like you wanna wait six
hours are like that's what we hit on
every blog so go might sound like button
oh my god I guess these comments down
below calling up a little more stuff you
already react you more stuff you want me
to watch and I will do it for y'all
because I love you guys so much
shout out to my girlfriend she has a
channel to go subscribe to her youtube
calms watch Sylvia Jenny actually I'm
not even going to edit in there it's
just going to be a prominent Egyptian
and I'm gonna make you guys okay and I
will see you guys soon on more will be
where we stayed a little bit more savage
in my main channel and as always stay
excited
Lego that's my brother your foot Lego
Lego
