good morning ayo what's Kujira wolffian
we'll see junior today we are back to
buy a bunch of the cool shit I'm trying
to do one of the coolest and like
biggest DIYs I've ever done so there's
so much stuff I need for you guys are
yesterday's vlog I bought like 130
dollars with the gelatin if you didn't
see that here at the clip of me buying
it I'm not leaving any in if there's any
in the back asking and buying not to
guys life of a youtuber to fight all
throughout the big bag and back and the
big scoop and that was a efficiency and
productivity 1.7 I need whatever you're
not spending on over $100 on gummy
you're not the real dummy guys basically
I bought the whole store so if I don't
have enough I'm going to go to the other
ball bar today and buy the other whole
store and I'm going to buy a few shakes
because I need to make a certain object
with lots of jelly DIY giant jelly but
look at it Sylvia made me breakfast
Cream of Wheat coffee I got my fruit
that wolfy is still here guys healthy
breakfast and I'm going to munch oh my
god I'm so hungry right now I just need
some brown sugar and milk it's a little
chilly outside today so you already know
I had to rock the Canada Goose gays have
more this in a while I've been wearing
like my little little jacket trying to
trick myself it's not cold but today
it's cold you gotta fuck a lot you feel
me wolf you gotta buckle up get this
hood on wrap this around and we get so
today I'm looking for like a bunch of
mold I'm going back to that store that I
bought like my fucking expensive ass
walk at it's like it basically sells
everything you need in the kitchen
possibly it even sells aprons for like
people that want to act like their chef
okay well we can get Sylvia chef hat but
I'm looking for molds today I don't
really know what to call them because
they're like I'm gonna use them as molds
but they're like containers or like
dishes I I don't even know what they're
called but I'm looking for a bunch of
different shapes they don't need to be
any specific color or anything because
that doesn't matter but I need four or
five specific a shapes and if I don't
get them I'm gonna have to go to Walmart
and I'm gonna have to go to Dollarama
wherever I go I have to find them at the
first stop I thought why not go to the
spot that I think has everything and
let's see what they got can't even lie
guys this place is lit but do they have
what I need to do let's see I found what
I'm going to be using for the fries
that's right
it's not big enough it needs to be long
because everything is not expensive
cause it's professional in here this is
like perfect but I don't know probably
just going to get these long ones
probably three of these here we go
we found the goldmine guys the absolute
goldmine this is ridiculous I think
we're going to be good this is like one
of those videos like as I'm in the store
I'm thinking about what I need to like
make it perfect and my brains just going
insane because I don't want to fuck it
up I want to make this as perfect as
possible so I got some of the stuff here
and it was also one of those things were
like you know the supplies in the store
and like you want to buy it if you don't
want to go to another store just to find
out they don't have it because then you
got to come back right it's definitely
one of those days and yeah the place is
expensive hot spot that's Hansel like
$400 in their cotton candy machines for
like 800 always is the same but I
definitely spent more than I could but I
got what I need my worst nightmare is
coming true guys I knew that has
happened I paid a lot for these supplies
I think one store and then I found them
for cheaper at frigging ball fund and
they have like almost everything I need
so now Sylvia is calling them to see
what their return policy is just down
the street hopefully I can return them
it's not I got to use what I got to use
but these are way better
I'm cheese I don't fully realize how
many supplies I actually watch our video
until I buy them and put them next to
each other this is half of the supply of
guys literally half half more the front
half more over there holy crap I've
never played myself so hard in my life
we were just about to start filming we
have everything we need here and I was
like where's the pond on so I called
Sylvia he said it wasn't there there was
two other things there was like extra
food coloring that I thought I got which
apparently I didn't get and there was
one other things so then I just took in
Sylvia's like did you grab all the bags
there was like X amount of eggs so I'm
like the first bulk barn because you
went to two and I think I'm pretty sure
I just left a bag at ball fine with like
some shit and that ball barn is way
further than the one that's close to my
household I have to go back to ball for
now and get a few supplies because I
can't film the video without them
I'm cheesed this is annoying finish
filming the first half of my video the
rest of the video is going to be filmed
either tomorrow or the next day it has
to be a multi-day video because I'm
doing it with Jill I'd be like pet ragu
mine so that stuff has to dry aka freeze
into jello I'm I'm supposed to put a
sign on this bathroom nobody can go in
that bathroom
someone was in that bathroom my videos
are what the fuck and what a big sharpie
marker I want to share some big news you
guys really cooking you know I was
talking about me getting like an r8 or
an RS 7 whatever car was gonna get I
think I'm going to scrap all those cards
because you know I've been working hard
I got to reward myself for all the hard
work that I've been putting into youtube
so i think both me and david are going
to get Lamborghinis like we pretty much
decided we're going to get Lambos
honestly I think the hard work is
definitely worth the Lambo okay we're
not actually fucking getting Lambos I
found a video on YouTube apparently it's
full free rap and David parody spotted
at Lamborghini dealership we responded
to Lamborghini dealership I don't know
what the fuck this is but look at this
video
Wolfie wraps the David parity spot at
Lamborghini dealership listen to this
listen to this guy scribe to the channel
to enter this month $10 gift card
giveaway once you're done comment I
subscribed and you've officially been
answered y'all what is going on guys
welcome back they're playing this old
rankling kid that would hop in a lot
fans have been speculating there's been
a lot of allegations that will be raps
and David Perry we're sliding out the
Lamborghini
what's up video right there there's been
a lot of alligator
we don't even have a Lamborghini
dealership where I live an auto ISO
that's alive and be I think they might
have a Lambo dealership in Toronto but I
rarely go there so I don't know any
speculations are I'll tell you guys
right now I'm not getting a Lamborghini
if anything I'll get the r8 but this
video it's all ok stop spreading lies
buddy boy Wolfie okay these grab one
more like we're going to have to come
I'm gonna have to roast you that's just
the way it gonna have to go and I'll buy
a Lamborghini and roast you in the
Lamborghini cuz fuck it that's how I do
oh yeah me and David are not buying
languages even though this video I was
like 20 views I bet you there is like
some people at home that actually think
we're getting lab Ragini's we're not
getting Lamborghinis but I mean check
this out
that's the only Lamborghini I'm getting
it will be very interesting and it is it
is coming from a youtuber standpoint me
so they're going to buy a Lamborghini
it just makes sense from a youtuber
standpoint right they were going to buy
a Lamborghini and it just makes sense
right if they were going to buy a
Lamborghini or any plant it makes sense
250 times I'm done I'm done guys goodbye
one of the biggest struggles in life
guys figuring out where you want to go
to eat when there's no food just at your
fucking hands readily available for you
to eat everyone knows cooking is fun but
it takes so much time so there's no food
ready all the precooked meals that my
mom used to buy for me somebody ate for
dinner while I was filming so there's
nothing to eat right now so basically I
now have to find a place to go eat late
at night so there's some to know options
because even though it's Saturday night
it's still closed generally early but I
brought Wolfie along for the ride
because Zach was filming a video in
there and Zach and Dustin can get pretty
loud even louder than me sometimes when
they're filming so Wolfie got shook and
I need to get my house over there Norma
oh good Oh Oh God thirsty oh she knows
he knows no I'm not ghetto look at that
I know it's Rihanna
we just don't this is our one first okay
aha fresh hair can you see me can you
see me okay I think the camera is clear
what's up guys I wanted to end the vlog
off by asking you guys a question and
that question is because I don't really
get out of Ottawa too much like I'm
usually just here all the time doing the
same routine
I decided lately that I want to travel a
lot more I want to go places I want to
see things before I turn 18 that would
be the goal because I'm only 17 now no
seriously I want to fucking go please
okay I know I got these dogs okay but if
I said let my mom take care of them or
how to get a babysitter a dog sitter for
them I will do that or you know what I
might even bring the dog with me but I
just need to figure out where I want to
go first because the weather here is so
far that's so unmotivated like just the
snow it's fun for a bit don't get me
wrong like I love the snow for like
maybe like half a day out of the whole
winter but after a while it just gets to
the point where it's like a snow you
need to go away so comment down below
where you guys want me to come visit
where you think I should go where you
want me and Prince to come where you
want me and Wolfie Judy to come in
Silvia like me and the boys I'll go let
us know let me know by commenting down
below let me know by commenting down
below somewhere we're using we should
travel to or where you think I should
travel to because I'm looking for any
excuse to get out of the snow so this
one fan that somewhere like rugged
Nicaragua says yo Wolfie reach I'm
coming okay
so comment down below where you're from
and where I should come visit and that
will happen soon I'm going to VidCon
okay I decided I'm doing VidCon this
year the past two years I've been like
you know I'm going to VidCon on then
like last second I'll bail but this year
I don't give a shit I made it a hundred
percent clear to myself that I will be
at VidCon and I hope to see a bunch of
you guys there because I haven't really
done to me like official meetups and
shit like that so it's going to be
exciting for me I'm pumped to see you
guys in real life and so you guys can
see how ugly I am like actually not
behind the screen because the screen
just makes me look better for some
reason I'm actually idiot like in real
life so oh yeah comment where you're
from : where you want to come and I will
come there okay hopefully within a month
No at least somewhere even if it's small
even if I just like flat in New York
real quick it'll be better than Ottawa
and yeah this friggin background on my
computer is definitely not helping
Andrew think up talking about wrecking
house because the Ottawa doesn't look
like this right now okay I'm cheese
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed this
shorter vlog if you did smash that like
button to 26,000 likes also we made it
to the very end of the blog comment down
below vacation that's all I want you to
comment vacation and I will see you guys
soon all more will be where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage I know
