good morning ay yo what's good at your
boy Wolfie welcome back to more wealthy
me and Silvia vertical get breakfast I'm
starving
had a good sleep last night but I woke
up really stuffy for some reason so
let's go eat
maybe the coffee and the food will help
clear your boys throat and Sylvia's
letting me drive her car yeah she is she
should meet I regret that is when you're
in the whip there's only one house let's
do the housing with culture there's only
one time to listen to my little book on
the body to tell me what happened right
Sylvia's car by the way
yeah pay attention hold on I told you I
get the jugular right Danny
yeah guys today in Ottawa it is a very
very beautiful day honestly I think it's
positive weather and positive is
considered beautiful here because it's
always negative in the winter so right
now there is snow on the ground but I
can wear just this light coat inside of
my big Canada goose and still be fine I
always wondered what these baby models
thought when they grew up
how they run like pampers and baby life
look in the front of these damn diaper
ads like this one's probably like oh
what was he saying this one definitely
liked it but this one is not too happy
that he had a modeling career I'll tell
you that a guy's definitely good but
this guy is definitely not a good I
guess they all definitely feel some type
of out of a large bill if I just
saw my baby looking ass on the front of
like a diapers commercial actually I'd
probably embrace it you know what I take
back everything I said this guy's late
so I just found out the girl at the
breakfast platter I watched our video so
hopefully she hooks it up your boy is
kind of get something different I'm
trying to get a rap instead of like a
typical breakfast so it comes with so
much damn meat and I'm
for me some would be like yo can I get
extra meat because you don't will
be ass you know I mean maybe inside of
fruit because it's only organically and
it's not a fruit facility we're going to
see what we can work with that
got a great country GaN followers as
much as possible leg left in the pool
thank you the addiction good as a photo
shoot going on right now
Sylvia's famous you know you know Whoopi
if you know I played you know equity oh
my god
they loaded it up with me guys they
loaded it up with me I even got a water
Milan the today's name is in jail today
is a good day because me and Sylvia are
getting her car washing the first time
Carlos she didn't know how to do it but
I'm teaching her because I get my car
washed every two days Carlos
yeah my car gets dirty because it's
winter here you have to wash your car
often and this is like the first time
Sylvia is going to wash our cars since
you got it wrapped so she's gonna see
like it's gonna look dirty the full
potential of with satin vanilla which I
told you to get and you said no you're
going to get Pearlman ended up getting
vanilla because I told you because I
knew anyways we're going to get it and
we're going to get the windows dried off
we're just getting the touchless carwash
if you have a good car like an expensive
car don't ever get a touched carwash
like don't let people touch your car
unless their profession a dealership to
you're like don't you dare go to your
regular car wash you need a touch with
hands-free just spray it yeah you go to
one of those cool until a free car goes
 many things it's like those
spinny things that like flap
your carpet
it was great declare because that's just
aa life hacks of wolfy
that's what cleaners care just wash
Sylvia's car but my car still looks like
ass I got to get a washed ASAP but
Sylvia doesn't have any smelling good
Febreze things in her car so I'm
giving her this one when you come
shopping with your girlfriend and it
takes forever because she's acting like
she knows that you want relatable you
know you want you know you are that it
tells you if you don't know what you
want
Sylvia did you have your vitamins today
it's vital that you have your vitamins
every single day okay okay it's vital
it's quite vital that you do it did you
have vitamin C today you got to be
kidding me you lose heart are you
kidding me
here you have it that's crazy do you
like hands or feet better okay hands or
feet which one do you like better Sylvia
why are you vlogging me why is the store
vlogging me Sylvia hands or feet yeah
what the hell I think it's all about
feet to be honest it's definitely all
about feet come on
okay me and so we are gonna play tag in
Walmart and the wait no relax just relax
the game insert so yeah listen I don't
want to have to run
I don't you don't want to i'm cheese i
have together simmer down
why am I such a kid at heart probably
one I know okay we're done we're done
we're done playing we're actually done
I'm done playing I'm not 5 I'm not going
to play take a daughter to play in
Walmart
I'm not going to do it here you know
this brand is teasing me because they
put a Lamborghini on the front of this
like the Lamborghini is gonna I don't
know be clean by this ultra absorbent
right ok Club saying the Lamborghini is
a marketing tactic don't kill me
and it's on all of their products too
but yeah we clean Lamborghinis so or
legit not get on that rain drop
stop cooking up open the crock-pot so
Sylvia and me were just trying to find
those dice to put like on the front
bureau of your car like a car accessory
couldn't find them in Walmart so I just
bought them well she was going in the
washroom or the bathroom for all you
people that call them bathroom and I'm
going to surprise her and tell them yeah
I got them on Amazon because I'm a G so
place your order and it is but I bought
them now we are now the owners of these
two died plural of dice dice I bought
them like you buy the dice on Amazon
yeah wait I'll call her officially we
got the dice what do you mean what color
do you want thank not ingesting please
like and weight black and white oh look
I got to cancel the order guys no Drizzy
Drake do you need a friend
you need a friend okay dog I got you do
you want like dice or die or like what
do you want bro dice is good
okay blast my gosh you guys I cancelled
the orders cancel the order alert rats
Canadian Tire looked on the online
website they should have the dice here
we're gonna go get them let's get it
Drake's gonna love these ones geez fuzzy
dice on fleek so what's our black ones -
ow - the black ones but the white ones
are greasy I just have to get the white
team
Soviet don't forget the ice dough for
kids guys okay whatever excavation
mark-- guys why is it snowing so many
questions I have about living in Ottawa
Vic we're coming I got you Drake hold on
Drake
chill I got to read the rules got to
follow the local regulations regarding
installation and youth hold on Jake oh
my god plastic is so strong gotta get
these fuzzy balls out of here
house you got here okay so how do we
install these okay Jake we got it I got
the fuzzy balls for you here you go
Drake yeah Drake here you go buddy I got
you on a loud dice actually Drake I
might have to take you down but people
okay here I'm cheese guys I spent
friggin months ordering cut resistant
gloves and I see them they have them
right here so and then 1999 oh did I put
these back I'm getting these 1wf a me
these ones I'm going to try the fire
resistant gloves protect against heat up
to 500 degrees Fahrenheit I don't
understand how they work but we try to
decide oh I am burns off burghoff I got
a pan scraper I see I saw that too I'm
looking for I think is the first place I
got my shot glass mold and I know they
have them but I definitely don't need
anymore but I'm looking for neat stuff
to test out because I'm obsessed with
this shape DIY well he is going off
right now they sell scissors for just
cutting pizza and they are in the
weirdest shape
don't kill right here's the gloves
unliveable I'm sure when you come into
one of those stores that tells a whole
bunch of nothing and end up buying it
all and don't even get what you actually
can't afford we came here for a
blanket for the bed a duvet that's what
some people would call it and ended up
getting a charger a vacuum a humidifier
pet blanket a rug a
like what is going on right now I think
I found the secret room in the back guys
I might sneak in my sleep in the
employees can not see me I am entering
oh oh Jesus looked at me Jesus looked at
me okay
that's there and I waved at me I need
someone to explain to me why beds and
blanket are so damn expensive literally
we just spent I think we're about to
spend the 300 bucks on a blanket
when a ten dollar blanket can keep me
warm but I guess this is what do bats
are all about I'm over this I'm over the
store guys I'm over it Ryan I know
you're number one wolf Sam if you were
here bro I would have got you this
basketball basketball garbage can a
waste paper basket poopster Spaulding
made by swelling - that's kind of badass
Brian when you come back I will get you
this I promise you girl I got you dog
guys guys oh my god thank God you guys
are not here to smell my feet I'm
telling you my feet smell I don't know
what to make you but they smell terrible
like absolute I'm not gonna lie my feet
look beat okay what are those don't
pause on that please
okay Carmen self-conscious what my feet
but they smell it may look bad no they
look bad and they smell that's what I
meant to say anyways David just got back
from apparently he went skiing with Sean
and DJ I don't know yeah David why
weren't we invited buddy I want to point
so you played yourself
anyways David going to come over and we
are doing a giveaway by the way giveaway
link in the description here here's a
text link to click the link in the
description I announced at yesterday's
vlogs main channel giveaway I'm giving
away two iPhones iPhones are in my room
so you're not seeing them anyways two
iPhones giving them away it's going to
be late David's giving out another two
iPhones our giveaways are kind of linked
so there's for iPhone 7 that we are
giving away so we're going to set the
giveaway when he gets over here but in
the meantime I'm going to open the new
duvet $400 do later we buy houses
Matt oh yeah check this motto guys but
that's not what you didn't have the
cotton candy and it got stuck in the
matter of the guard dog yeah
until they got meetup anyway there's
Matt is legit going straight to the
trash lies everywhere we found a decent
match that hopefully doesn't slide too
much it's just like a synth in Matt this
can't eat because of all that and not
the trend adorable no this one doesn't
really move that again Volvo is 300 it
was Matt for $300 like memory foam
anti-slide sticky it was insane
but we got to set up this and then we
bought a new humidifier because update
on my nose guys people that have been
watching my vlog for a minute you guys
know the problems I've been having with
my dry a snows in the winter the inside
of my nose never got drives usually the
outside for the inside of my nose I've
tried everything to make it better and
like lubricated and gelled up but it's
not okay nothing's working so ice ball
that was got like the most expensive
humidifier that I could find right here
also we have a air purifier so
if I put an air purifier an air purifier
right here and a humidifier in my room
and my nose is still messed up I have to
go to the doctor at that point but we're
going to pray that's a humidifier solves
everything
look at this humidifier guys this one
you know it's good because it has social
media links right here even a youtube
account that's how it's lit and with
this one you can add the essential oils
in it you guys don't know what those are
looking in my bedroom I used to have and
I still do kind of have anxiety so this
is like the essential oil collection I
have this thing sage is like a store in
Ottawa basically you put water in and
put one of these oils and it sprays it
so your room smells lit and it relaxes
me but I don't even need that anymore
because I can put them in here hey hey
guys I was gonna do a cool time lapse
but I don't think there's much to set up
so I just unbox everything I just
unpackaged everything and pretty much I
think I just got to leave sing something
for 24 hours that it came with don't
know what it is god damnit I was not
that was just not good so I guess now
it's that time of the vlog guys where I
show you what has become of these eggs
as you can see they're all floating they
look like they've gotten a bit bigger
they've got a lot of bubbles on them by
the way David's here chillin we're going
to go get wings dude we just put our
giveaway together so now you know
what this is gonna smell like oh okay
they're in vinegar so vinegar just
technically clean the egg right
gosh what if I put it back there guys
alright so apparently the next step is
pour the vinegar out Oh disgusting and
you just want to wash the egg off I
don't know what the eggs gonna feel like
what you know we'll pour it out here oh
my god okay so guys this egg was in a
shell 100% in a shell this is the egg
shell right now oh my god you can see
the you can see and feel the oken it I
don't really know if you can see from
that angle but apparently it's a bouncy
ball now so I'm going to drop it and see
if it clutters an equity show we cry
actually no I want to show you what will
happen the end of the show until have
extra first of all this turned into this
so that's not comparison yeah this
turned into this and this is what
happens when you drop an egg from this
height here okay not a big explosion
this is one in the garbage yay now we're
going to slowly test go from here first
oh here mMmmm little higher come on take
the oh okay and this is what the
shell is believe it or not this is shell
right it's like ready to do a paper
material I think the eggs still edible
but now Kuya has to work so I can bounce
it around a bit more
I don't wanna oh disgusting wrong
eggs
oh yeah this is an egg bouncy ball an
egg bouncy balls all you got to do is
leave it in for about 48 hours and you
can pull yo business on oh
the longer you leave them in here a week
oh yeah it's like full basketball
we all want more it guys I think eggs
exploding army but can you see the brain
up Hotel you can see that there is the
yolk inside of it hold on you can feel
the okay at least dr. Nancy you can't
see it on the canvas I'm G guys I
promise you the yolk is inside there I
mean obviously the
clapping inside there oh yeah some
people you'll catch okay no I don't want
to control these here it's gone did it
break
no I don't think hey pass no no no it
broke kind of girl and it's white now
it's turning back into the original eggs
oh yeah - what is one incident invisible
exactly a normal egg trick magic trick
experiment is mr. gear oh my god yo it
was crazy k let's just try cutting it
over with a thousand degree 9000 degree
negative here we go oh okay guys so
that's sizable fee I don't know what
happened but it's pretty cool try it at
home guys apparently we're going to pick
up jad so I have a bag of clothes that I
never wear anymore and I think jobs like
my size so I'm gonna see if he wants to
wear in any of it before I give it to
like the thrift store or something
usually I'll give it to Ryan slaves but
he is not here right now
and some of the stuff is like long legs
pants so only me and Jenna September and
it looks like a group so sorry Ryan
usually get the wolfy giveaways but uh
jazz get aget at this time guys we are
at the wing location I just ordered two
pounds of wings I'm walking a starving
you already know me I'm the wing guard
I'm going to welcome all davis here
dad's here oh wait
what can the 1 pound of you know when
they make the song feel like you're here
breezy today pretty close alert I still
write of lock whether you actually love
like a lot of these are pants a lot of
these are pants I'm cheese so I can
bring your clothes you're like we're
gonna take those because you're gonna
take them that's just a nice hoodie a
lot yeah I just don't wear them you hear
and anyone else wants any stuff in there
then take it oh sure that's a Headley
Chris Ryan's mad removing him in a
couple months
you know this shirts actually smell a
little smaller so whoever want that tall
measure I don't advocate respecting my
awesome yeah yeah well samples are all
pants mad pants ah you know Charlie I'm
cool on your clothes bottom line I get
disrespected but you can just leave them
with me in my nursing home all right
walking for you all right all right
bless up pretty close alert feed your
friends your clothes the foundation our
Mueller those hats all tell you to here
now humidifier is going to be the sesame
because it takes 24 hours to set up for
I can use it I have to go get more know
stuff because I do it out because it
bust open my pocket the other day so I
got to get know stuff go my nose you
pissing me off these days guys it's the
only hope from you guys I got a spray
and Joe if you don't work your boy is
over pray for me okay so first things
first we are going to try this right
NARAS nasal spray this stuff is
something they suggested but honestly
I've tried everything in that store and
in most stores so I'm going to be using
dual power this spray which on my
contour and not my nose
gotten to the point where it's just so
dry it's ridiculous so we're gonna how
many squids can I put one up one to two
sprays in each nacho three times a day
30 times a day that's a commitment
Oh shoot okay you know why do you
blame it even go in it shoots so far
okay your brain oh yeah I don't really
feel that at all I'll take that the good
side but you could use two things that
work for this stuff you don't like
picking doses look away for a second guy
what's going on right now my life it's
brutal but you got to poke it and then
literally squeeze it out put it in your
big nose like me lubricate it up Oh God
my dough is so dry guys oh this is real
life guys this is how we daily vlog out
here not gonna hide anything you guys
wanted to so now it looks like my toes
wet wipe it off and just hopefully by
what I wake up or by tonight sometimes
my toes feel better guys this new song
the music video is absolute banger
 big up to your boots god yeah
I've watched it probably like four to
five times now just on the big screen so
show us the story this is lit
recently I've been starting to listen to
a little more grind music because we
don't listen to ground music out
here but I'm on it
okay guys you're from the UK and you
watch my I'm trying okay it's the
thought that counts we listen to Drake
out here we listen to your migos
out here we listen to that type of
out here but I will put on the grime
scene out here because you know I feel
like there's not enough love given to
these artists so thorgy go listen to big
up for your boosters a dummy to
use to sing big up big up and I'm
literally exhausted right now I don't
know why I'm so tired but like literally
three hours ago guys I think my body is
just giving up on me usually I can just
sleep for like no time at all and wake
up but today I was hot the boys house
and we were playing like some
xbox and my left arm just started
getting like pretty numb and it I
thought it was just cause I was laughing
too much but I think my body's just
telling me you need to go to bed so I'm
gonna end up walking up there I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did do not forget to
go smash that like button let's hit 25
thousands by the way guys I looked at
all the comments on the vlogs I dropped
today and a lot of you guys don't like
the rs7
like that it's not crazy enough for you
guys a lot of you guys are telling me to
get the RA so I'm taking that into
consideration I'm trying to figure
everything out because I might be moving
in the next like few months not too far
away but I might be moving decently far
away so I gotta figure out if I'll have
parking for two cars and Sylvia's car
and all this stuff so there's a lot of
stuff going on in my head but hopefully
I can get some always sorted out
in the next week or so no guarantees
though but yeah if you made this very
into the blog I want you guys to comment
down below please we'll see sleep okay I
need to see that you guys have told me
to sleep so that I sleep because if no
one comes in to sleep I'm staying up all
night okay
stay up all night crank up my mom every
night everyday 2017 oh my god again
breeze anyways I'll see you guys soon on
mobile for we face a little bit more
established in my main channel and as
always be savage back
