good morning and yelled what's good boy
will be welcome back to more Wolfie guys
I just gave Wolfie a shower first shower
since he got his balls cut off so he
smells like baby shampoo he's no
delicious right now anyways I was up
until like I ended my blog at like I
think like four but I was up until I
think around 9:15 a.m. so then I went to
gym or when I went to go grab breakfast
drove Dustin home as soon as the prank
was completely done my mom went to work
and then I came home and instantly
passed out on this couch okay guys I'm
talking like within a matter of boom
seconds I was that's what I was like
that's like a real live reenactment
anyway they were just texted me I think
David is kicking it today so he's on his
way to pick me up right now you cannot
want to go out get out there I hate this
weather it's super unmotivated this
friggin snow snow you need the friggin
car already okay
like what do you think no like go away
nobody wants to you know obviously why
you're still here Prince tell the vlog
was profit no no not a yes bridge shot
you you're real you're a real Wilson
we'll see each other why with Robin no
no no no okay
thank you for saying everybody I love
you too anyways I do not know what's in
store for today I I just need to get go
okay guys I'm starting the day off with
my Starbucks to yaffe I need to get like
the most expensive thing with the most
amount of caffeine as possible so your
boy hasn't even been able to wake up I
pack my eyes I handle my combos the
fucking piggo on caffeine gift now it's
game time
look at this guy's venti white chocolate
mocha they actually spelled my name
right shout-out to Starbucks I don't
have a complex name so I'm lucky I'm one
of those people with an extra shot of
espresso in it I'm waking up once again
guys quick shots on my girl on the elbow
fridge you already know what it is Stacy
I see you it's not your cousin chest
it's not your cousin she was in my
family did it up there bro yo no no no
yeah
but I will not do it bro yeah I think
that oh you're gonna watch the road
gradually you know yo how much how much
space is there to move boys jammed in
there
no my face because it's like oh that's
what about oh six shot in all time yeah
I gotta get a thumbnail for that you're
dead come out come on
we're eating pho guys and always good
luck so rub the belly but never pay
never Kate oh yeah what Big Daddy's oh
all right guys I just ordered my food I
got chicken rolls which I usually get
and a large focus so got a large stuff
because I'm I'm we're okay starvin
Marvin hungry yo Dave who's the realtor
octagon I use I'll tell you Lenny I know
gonna tell me Hank
kicks off with this club
everyone watch you know a little bike
there's an AA percentage somehow don't
be mean bro ha
shut the fuck up one for me another one
for Dave and another one for DJ don't
ever call me not the sriracha guard
again I think I fucked my meal I wasn't
late way too macho like even yeah if you
go Hyneman well even it out boy comes up
you eat poison so likkle mix yummy
Rumple
saying there was free Wi-Fi in this
bitch guys I love fo 2016-2017 though
quick shots all the wolf BAM we hit 4.8
million subscribers on the main channel
I completely forgot to update my twitter
bio but I'm on Twitter right now and I'm
going to update so four point seven
delete delete four point eight let's go
thank you so much wolf Sam anyways I'm
going to head off to the grocery store
because I just saw this cool trick and I
don't know if it's actually really not
so I'm gonna try it out basically it's
like an experiment where you're like put
an egg in something and then it turns
the egg into like a bouncy ball type
thing so it is one of these we're going
to try to if it works it works and if it
doesn't I'm gonna make it look like it
worked anyways but it's gonna work what
so guys the albo HELOCs has a spider
infestation as you can
see crazy infestation in this house guys
biggest fire I've ever seen
look at how big this thing is oh my god
it's bigger it's the size of my hand
Jesus Christ we gotta get out of here
immediately
sound the alarm turn around son first
thing at Walmart is vinegar you need 30%
vinegar which i think is like the
regular one excuse me I just got a shop
for my video supplies here buddy this is
30% pickling but I think we're going to
go with the pure white vinegar guys one
of these and eggs David doesn't believe
it becomes a basketball but I told them
right what did you do I won't trust me
so all it takes is this vinegar I'm
pretty sure this vinegar and then
regular eggs I'm going to buy white eggs
not brown eggs because it looks cooler
white eggs and then the reaction is just
astounding it's amazing and phenomenal
guys phenomenal if these mine I ate my
night
hey don't chill these are one of my
favorite candies of all time guys I love
my sour cherry blasters but one thing I
don't love there's water okay guys these
are the most unappealing on appearing
cherry slices of everything you're Dave
I got your present so man could call
here you know so essentially I'm home
now guys and the boys came over we're
about to play some NHL video games I'm
going to spank everyone everything but
look how the typical white so aka tea
eggs and I got the vinegar I also picked
up this clever cutter apparently it's
like a cutting board and a knife at once
don't really know how it works so I'm
gonna test that out too I always am
intrigued by what is in the as seen on
tv section so I had to call that but
basically I got a few of these little
mason jars here you don't forget to play
with it yeah you gonna grab a few mason
jars or by a few I mean three different
mason jars I'm going to fill them up
with vinegar okay they're going to be
completely full of vinegar
drop an egg in each one leave it
overnight 24 hours I think that's you're
supposed to do 24 to like two days which
is 48 hours and then after that if the
egg should be about to ball is really
not much out to you so right okay
okay open that one mason jar smells like
shit - Mason Jack smells like shit free
mason jars my lecture very expensive
ring looks like did fill out one mason
jar with vinagrette by the way guys when
I was young I used to really love
vinegar so I'm going to show you
something that you're going to probably
get disgusted by there's one two and the
last one three and just for good luck
guys wake you up okay okay but what are
you there here okay it's up to the
bottom absolutely want to eggs as a
third egg do you want to put the caps
back on okay guys one two three just
like that so I don't know if you can see
this already guys but there is some sort
of reaction going on right now I'm
pretty sure it's like it's taking some
of the shell off of the egg right now so
and I just got to leave it overnight I'm
going to leave this three mason jars on
top of my fridge for the next day
and I'm going to come back to them
tomorrow when they're all done after the
rest of the egg these are edible egg so
I'm going to cook them for breakfast no
guys we just don't because of the first
period of anyway
six to one in the first game David
ragequitting taking out the game level
of you fellas but we had an addicting
shit you guys are I'm annoyed you guys
are literally is like your top right
trot table right Bo it went top right
were you guys play the computer I got
you on camera quitting the game max
getting round number two hopefully they
can actually come back but me and Bo go
are really so the boys just left but I
was just reeling over the footage of
when David made that chick shot the boys
that was honestly such a fucking glitch
that must be like the top five luckiest
trick shots I've ever seen I wasn't even
paying attention at all but I'm gonna
replay the clip right here while I'm
talking look at this guy's okay I'm just
talking right now I'm talking I'm
talking then all of a sudden out of
nowhere you just hear boom and then the
fucking water bottle is lodged between
the two talk show
I see you not guys this is the most
glitch fucking treasure that I receive I
shudder to be able to raise not now
because I'm super competitive I have to
top them so I don't know I do have a
water bottle I'm going to make one
trickshot that is kind of less ok I have
water bottles and by the way quick quick
quick
look at it these eggs are on some
next-level shit right now
like there's white stuff building up on
the top of these things that haven't
even been like four hours yet when
you're working with water you got to
stay hydrated one so I'm not going to
waste this water at all you guys drink
it down to the optimal water bottle
flood level so ok this should be perfect
Haidee we'd have this one for you buddy
I'm gonna try and get four in a row okay
that needs to be more water just a
little more though here boom ah there we
go one two three four there you go David
and just because five and maybe even six
and seven and eight and nine okay nine
was pushing it but hey let's get it
there you go David I'm cha cha God and
just because whoopee what are you doing
buddy here grab this oh one try let's
get I fell asleep last night but I am
continuing the vlog on to today as well
guys today is mainly an edit day but I'm
starting the day off with my Yaffe my
Tim Hortons my double-double guys I need
my coffee you guys know my addiction
kind of simmer down on how much coffee
and a half but sorry desert man up sell
you guys anyways in the video that I'm
editing today which is going to be a
banger I'm doing my giveaway well I'm
announcing my giveaway so expect
tomorrow in tomorrow's vlog yeah I think
by the time this vlog comes out there
will be a link in the description for
the giveaway that I am holding for my
main channel but it still extends onto
this channel if you guys want me to do a
giveaway for this channel as well let me
know hit the like button comment down
below and say what prizes you guys want
but the giveaway is going to be lit as
fuck it's just random I was feeling
really nice I got to get back to the
wolf BAM so that's one thing also I just
got a call from Audi this morning they
attended the rs7 is and finally the guy
said that the RNA that I was looking at
I was looking at in our age
this because why not it might be sold
not a hundred percent but like just with
the options that it had on it it's
probably sold is just too good to be
true but the rs7 is in there so I have
to check that out before the days over
so howdy closes at 8:00 it's like 1
o'clock now I definitely think I have
some time to at least go keep the cart
today I'm bringing my bag to the car
dealership with me oh my god you go stop
for a second please your your lip I like
chill anyway usually I would bring Bongo
Bongo knows cards way better than me but
my dad's available for once so my dad's
going to come check out the rs7
Sportback performance howdy
it's lit I suck but like I was saying
I'm also going to get simultaneous news
news at the same time to see if the are
a because I was looking at to see if the
r8 was sold so 2 News two birds with one
stone
we're late let's go and my dad's not my
dad's not here I know I don't see our
dad so oh and there's a car coming
behind me okay yeah no I just got I got
a pull-up hominoid you're late you mean
I'm late I didn't tell the guy was
coming here so hopefully he doesn't have
too much food waiting there with someone
right now come on buddy I'm here
Oh leave yeah I set it up I want to hear
it the rs7 guys and this is like
wrong will with watch oh yeah the
Quattro's on the French Oh what colors
did you say normally not oh great guys
with cars beautiful goddamn telephone
your carbon fiber interior yeah holy Wow
oh my god that's cool
RS heaven on the sign jeez
yeah no I know guys the car isn't fully
prepped yet but this is what it looks
like and this is available right now
comment down below if you rate this one
oh my god that's loud that's loud that's
a lot of fun this is beautiful
apparently the area was sold guys so I'm
just looking at ers 7 right now these
ones about the ceramic brakes on it guys
the nice little rim I would definitely
block them out but fuck it's very very
nice very nice from the front it is you
holy
I don't know what I want to do or what I
want to do yet how do my mind that I was
in the area and the leather stitching on
the inside to backseat G control the
temperature from the back to an S comes
down direwolf ease back in this bitch
guys don't cook your own food if you're
on a diet and other people cook that
food for you come eat it so today we're
eating luxury we're eating pork chops we
also got peppers and these are what I
like to call Brussels sprouts
they're really buttered though so like
just try not to eat too much but because
these things can make your pee stink a
bit I'll shed that's a very good time
right Oh God
okay this one's over your talkie cake
score good we need the peppers guys here
we go here we go here we go so quickly
about the car situation guys I'm not
going to lie I was looking in to
convince like for the longest time I've
always wanted two cars I wanted like a
spacious one that's very convenient like
that's the whole car buying process that
I went through so basically I played
myself by Ken in the m6 because it's
kind of spacious it's a two-door car
it's a rear-wheel drive so you can't
really drive it too much in the winter
so I played myself there so I got the
x6m instead of it I still have my mouse
I'm looking to sell that soon but going
to car with lots of space and now I want
a car for like honestly just for like me
and Sylvia or just me and one friend so
two seats is enough so I was like what
car can I get I looked at a car I looked
at a McLaren I don't know why the fuck I
looked at a McLaren it was nice there is
some Mercedes that are nice like the GTS
which is disgusting obviously it is very
very nice watch watch their cars to
really Richard
that way we mean three-card where I can
buy an extra rack and buy an extra no
and okay apparently I can't live
anywhere if I have three cards anyways
guys I'm also planning to move by next
year too so that's there's a lot of
stuff going on in my life right now so I
have to find a spot that can have three
car spots unless I only have two cards
for some reason I go down a to again I
don't know basically the r8 was like the
car that I wanted I've always loved our
age they're really disgusting today I
checked out the rs7 you guys saw that
one that one is four doors I think it's
four C's I think there's only two seats
in the back not in the middle but it's
pretty tight like in the back and like I
just said I told you guys I wanted like
a two-door just very small car for one
me and still we want to go out to dinner
and shit like that
so the RA of the guys told me about it
had red interior literally it had like
everything checked off this is like the
v10 plus like the best or you can get
nice rims I mean the color wasn't the
best but I'm probably gonna wrap it if I
were to get it the red cut though it had
the red gun but the guy told me today
that that car was sold so I was like is
there any other how DRA
these had pluses that you can get to me
or do I have to go somewhere else or do
I have to check online like what do I
need to do he found one it's on storage
right now same car but it's Daytona
Gray's looks like a dark grey and then
the inside is black with white stitching
so it's not the Reg but unfortunately I
really wanted to read guts but he didn't
give you the red gut so I'm looking into
that I got to think about it for the
next couple of days I told them I was
going to think about it can't just
fucking go out and buy an r8 like not
that he responds what kind of
irresponsible but so I have a lot of
thinking to do okay over the past couple
of days and on top of that looking for a
house my mom supposed to show me some
options in Toronto oh my god Charlie I
don't fucking know just life is all over
the place right now so before I can do
any of that
I got a dig into my food and I hope the
meat has the red got yeah look at this I
lost you guys I lost on my roll up to
rim to rim when I roll out the rim to
win I lost your old these coffee cups
you could potentially win a car $100 $50
sometimes you just want a coffee or a
doughnut basically every time I play
because they come up this everyone
I lose and I lock so I bought this
invention thing it's like a nice and the
cutting board in one I saw a slight
attitude on TV section okay so I'm
looking for things to cut right now I
got a cucumber and I'm also going to
grab cheese because it has cheese like
on the package of the the knife cutting
board thing I'm going to get a thin
thing of cheese and see if it cuts the
cheese as well
Chris why did your mom leave you just a
meat your mom left you just with me so
we went to my mom's house to go chill
and I have to friggin edit here all
alone with my nose and I just love with
Prince Prince come here come if it oh
good boy you're so grown up now you're
so grown up I don't understand this guy
why do you always look wet why this guy
always looks wet and his body is so fat
he's got such a big belly but his legs
are so short and stubby it makes no
sense you make no sense Prince you make
no sense and you always make sure our
one raises but you're not at all up to
talk with you all wise you can't not be
at you all up coming to edit room let's
go you want to edit okay you can come at
it you can come at it okay I love you
come here come here
Prince just needs to be attached to
someone at all times as long as he's
touching a human being he's happy but if
he's not you just hear barking for days
okay so now I just finished editing my
frigging video my man channel video it's
a banger the giveaways will be right
here guys the giveaway will be right at
the top of the description in this blog
enter it right now okay to iPhones
it's a banger and if you guys haven't
watched my main channel video I will
leave a link to that in the description
or you guys can just click up here
I think the kreisau over there I'm
promised you guys this is probably one
of the most crazy videos as IRA film but
now for the bullshit language yes now
for the thing that bought of the store
essentially looks cutting board
nice cutting board knife or how it looks
like you guys have you there see how it
works is exactly like scissor so I got
cucumber here and now we're just gonna
check this out real quick
this side is run yeah so I'm actually
going to use a knife
now we actually eat this so all you are
together
Peter so he is weird cheese cucumbers
with salt on it comment down below if
you do that I don't fucking do that
I'm always in cucumbers with like
nothing relationship with Sophia put
salt on your cucumbers I can play these
dumb or so you think is going to work
yeah I wouldn't mind so 3 2 1 ok this
might adjust as a game this might have
just changed the game guys
I swear to God if this doesn't
absolutely kill what hell no way
kisses like I hope does that run his
little ear I've gotten a better but I
love work Crick slices and even if you
want to do something even dinner guys
look at it how it's a scissor here you
go next up is cheese I left it out way
too long to use that oh you know what
how should we open it ok so it doesn't
really act Assessors but it does out
it's not bad yet but you know when you
leave to you those ok why did you leave
all this difference I don't know I
completely draw you want to fight you
know you're like really open just read
me rotten we're here number thanks like
here you go and we'll just cut the next
one you need sandwiches you're making
homemade DIY subs here cheese on cheese
on cheese on cheese perfect slices and
yeah so is it something my lad
where you guys can cut with it it does
work I'm actually surprised with you can
even do chicken potato didn't look like
a potato celery carrots whatever you
want lengthwise it works is magic it's
DIY won't be in the DIY kitchen here
some cheese here ok well film I'm gonna
end the vlog out there because I have a
lot of stuff I need to sleep on and get
my minds thinking straight for tomorrow
tomorrow's another busy day life is good
but these days man these days are all so
damn busy so your boy is about a hospice
fuck oh oh my god I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did do not
forget to go to our smash satellite one
let's hit 25 thousand lights whoa
hurry up go slash into the advertiser
okay black also administers very under
the blog I want you guys to comment down
below
late night gang okay late night gang
because right now for me I don't know
about you guys but it is 2:18 a.m. I'd
be dropping you always late is so late
that gang and I will see you guys soon
on more we'll see where we stay a little
bit more savage than my main channel and
as always stay savage leggo oh and I
will update you guys on the eggs I have
my fridge
tomorrow ok bye
