good morning ay yo what's good at your
boy will be welcome back to more wolf
eat right Wolfie but there's a day guys
were taking this thing off live on
camera the vets that I was supposed to
stay on for a week it's been like three
or four days right now but I don't give
a fuck who's been licking themselves
anyways so I'm taking it off and torture
seeing this guy in this thing
he's literally struggling here we go
won't be safe though I'm letting you
freeze hey hold on hold on there's one
that's another one
hold on we'll see I'm coming up getting
you I'm getting you in here take one
more boom
you're free you are free lobster boy
good boy oh he's already celebrating
he's like what is this thing why was it
around my neck for so long what is it
kid no Wolfie I'm filling this out you
don't want to see this here take that
shit out of here you made it so long
with this cone on your head you're
finally good even though he's definitely
gonna lick his balls now or
rule-breakers weed all this is event you
gotta let the dog lead you in the
morning guys
this guy really has to take a poop right
now and he is running wait what oh okay
he's going I'll let him do it in private
so me and Bongo right now are on our way
to the Mazda dealership I'm dropping off
the car because I need to get it
serviced I've been ducking their calls
feels like fucking two months now just
been so busy I haven't had time to go
there but if I want to get rid of this
car I need to go to the dealership get
it serviced and I need them to clean on
the inside because it's kind of dirty
not too dirty the personal relatively
new so once I do that the car will
pretty much be good to go I just gotta
find someone to buy it or trade but I
wanted to give a huge shout out to Rico
oh my god culture is ridiculous
this album is too damn much guys this
album is too much Helly pranks might be
one of my favorite monkey songs on the
album this part and it starts starts
like a banger but just drop it off at
the dealership the guy said he'll handle
it so we done like an hour and a half to
two hours I don't know exactly how long
I was expecting it to be done tomorrow
but I'm driving this baby for today look
at it young wolf King whoa
so if king wolf is coming off it gonna
need to be on something else I'm off to
something remember when I do the fucking
box prank guys ah thinking of stuff
right now I'm thinking of some some
clever things to do right now so these
are what they got here guys foam chips
check these out these are the size of
bags they have I'm looking for
industrial size bag so if staples are
not big we're going to come back here
and buy them they also got bubble wrap
you guys 20 more of these 48 sorry
I might just roll one in for free this
is for free okay cool all right we'll be
back I'm gonna run a staple he'll be
back so I found the packing peanuts but
I guess I called home chicks here don't
really know what I'm up to but I am up
for something guys gotta find out what
the fuck about concurrent staples now
guys we're looking for more packing
peanuts I think they had them they
showed some online but I'll go call the
place and they have two of those huge
huge bags like the 5 by like 3 foot bag
so we're going to go get those for sure
but we might still need more Wow I'm
Jesus that's not a no no sorry stable
good to see you guys but not enough Oh
could you know what people do not right
after all I'll buy your bubble wrap guys
look how big these rolls are cheese
there's one even bigger but the problem
with you
the girls saying these are biodegradable
so they're old as soon as they get wet
they turn into mush so this is old this
is what we're getting this is what we're
getting 750 feet of bubble wrap and it's
going to be a good day let's go
guys look at how packed one packing
peanut and one bubble wrap already
filled up my car so I don't know why I
thought I could take one and I could
what we're going to do is grab the mouse
because it's already ready come back
with the Naza and this car and today I
have my parents I think I don't figure
it out guys the worst possible thing
happened when I just went to the Mazda
dealership I have this Manfrotto like
mini tripod sometimes I carry it on my
with my camera but the thing is when I
put my camera up here on my dashboard
till I get a shot of me driving or
whatever the Manfrotto can't fit I know
I need to get one of those things that
goes on the dashboard like a suction
cups but basically I took the Manfrotto
tripod off and I guess I left it on the
Mazda table but I didn't know that so me
and Bongo were just panicking we just
searched the whole car to see where it
could have been when I was paying for my
car to get serviced at Mazda I just
looked across the table and it was
standing up nice over there some someone
must have put it there when I was I
guess paying the first time I was in the
Mazda dealership so it's all good you
got it guys I'm putting it on my camera
right now you can hear it going on the
bottom of my camera I'm never gonna lose
you again we're going to lose this
tripod again hold on boom there we go
now I got that nice view hold it like
this I can like jump it up and down just
it around guys don't get too dizzy there
we go
alright guys so we're picking up the
second load of packing peanuts
you
here
take care ok guys we're good to go we
got everything we need should be good
for now quick game itself before we go
to Walmart guys I'm winning won nothing
beating Sean man yeah and Bongo here
right my camera so fucking hard on you
darkest possible how do you like yeah
hit me up with that light real quick ok
now you can see I'm beating in one night
man alright guys now it's 2-2 Charlie
saw he was nice with it but we came back
so he's going to goes the third period
guys for two it's not even close to me
boy oh well Preston up trying to set it
off you're relaxed with your
ragequitting okay buddy we can't turn it
off bamming be look at that
guys very quick mission home I gotta go
grab Sylvia and I gotta go grab the two
dopes now now mega to get Oakes
anyways I gotta get them because Sylvia
still feels like ass I think the throw
is like feeling a bit better but like
maybe she has the flu now too because
this girl has been on the couch all day
but I've been picking up supplies and
running errands look like I fucking
usually do every damn day I feel like
there's always something I'm going to
get alright now that thing is my
girlfriend and the dogs and I'm going to
bring them to my mom's house because I'm
going to be there tonight because you
guys probably know why doing something
pretty special it's going to be fun
reminiscing on the old days just
bringing back some old wolfy videos you
already know what it is bangers okay
banger alert just get ready for that
stay tuned and you guys know how when
you're sick like you want to be like
around people because you don't really
want to have to move it just nice to be
around people and not by yourself the
whole time even if you don't even say a
word to anyone that you're around you
just want to have like the presence of
people in your general vicinity so
Sylvia it's going to probably be on my
mom's couch for like the rest of the
night once I get her and the dog we're
going to have a lot of space to run
around because guess what I got to pick
up more supplies tonight pick up these
dog from the crib ready to go it looks
so much better without his color mmm
alright gotta get here I gotta get this
this coat and I hang this all you need
first things first
on the second trip of supply shopping I
need mousetraps don't know where they
are but I'm going to find them ask the
guy he said to the Rite of cash ten so
I'm going to go to cash ten and if I can
find it
that's good if I can't find it then take
longer than I thought because I got a
fucking rush to the next door and then
to other stores
cash can cache ten cash man we are here
saying the dude was not lying guys most
trapped on fleek oh my god okay we're
gonna need a bunch of these mouse trap
are now off the checklist now I have to
get LEGO pieces saran wrap there's
something out there something else I
don't know what it is Dustin's just
telling me to get all this stuff because
Dustin always has some crazy ideas so
I'm just going to listen to Dustin and
then trust him because if I don't trust
my partner who's going to help me film
tonight then it may not go right you
have to trust even if you don't think
they're going to be able to help you
pull off what you're about to try you
still have to trust them that's just the
way it goes what do I need a pickup why
can I not remember it like helium I need
helium and balloon back again with the
fucking glad plastic wrap guys this time
I'm a plastic wrap professional I know
what's good and I know it's bad and I
know this one's bad and I'm pretty sure
honestly I think the Grad one was worse
than great I use surprisingly but raw it
is what it is so this might friggin work
maybe I don't know I'm going to get one
of these ones and then a few regular
sized plastic wraps I think I think fans
just saw me in this screams and then
they ran away
when did Lego get to be a hundred and
nine dollars
what can't even believe this guy's I
remember when Lego was like twenty
butter this is a hundred bucks kids are
going crazy right now I don't even want
to get I just want like the most plain
pack of Lego but I don't even think they
sell that anymore it's basically all
Star Wars minecraft Marvel where's the
plain Lego just as I said that there was
one frigging the box of plain Lego left
there we go that is exactly what I need
in this like absolute shit show of
everything I found one ball this was
meant to be and last but not least
helium is what I need guys standard
helium they actually got a lot more
boxes than I expected them to have so
two should be fine because what we're
going to do with this is not even Savin
a mogul fathomable fathomable
one trip
to check three chicks
okay go off you go go to your booth
we'll be starting up we'll be right Oh
whoopee where you going
we'll be giving it will be fun of me
yeah good boy I hope you score tonight
Oh beep with the booth of eating candy
come on guys well she's not used to his
new winter boots yet but he knows how to
take them off keep going on
you're not internship little he are
gonna be under oh hey daddy rainy winter
boots Lila so what I'm about to attempt
right now on today's vlog is something
that you guys have probably never seen
before a lot of you guys think that
flying is impossible okay I'm going to
prove you wrong flying is very possible
and I'm going to show you on today's
vlog why typical day I was reading
through my comments I want to give a
huge shout out to Harper Wilkes
okay Harper Wilkes you know who you are
I was reading through my comments and
you commented on my video you're like
we'll see for your next vid you should
see how many balloons it takes to lift
wolfy junior and I saw that commented
instantly I was like hey fuck I need to
go get balloons I need to go get helium
I need to go get all this and all that
so basically we're not going to be doing
Wolfie jr. but I got three tanks of
helium okay
wolfies like five and a half six pounds
prince is only like a pound I think he's
under a pound and a half so we're going
to do it with Prince what you will need
for this if you ever want to Rio tempest
at home some balloons I got a lot of
balloons I got ribbon the rib is going
to be the rope that we're going to use
but I got three three things of ribbon
three things of ribbon some light up
balloon because I probably put the star
in these look cool I wanted to try these
out these are way more expensive than
regular balloons so we'll see here oh
you got smoked more balloons
watch out we'll see more balloons and
from the pet store because I don't want
to ruin princes coke or wolfies coats
this is what I got guys I literally
bought him this like comfort harness so
this is going to be a round prince
hopefully it fits enemies still fucking
tiny and we are gonna have to like
either put the Rope through this harness
or something and then we're going to
fill a bunch of balloons with helium and
then see if he can lift off it down so
let's see if we can make too much
fucking poopy fly so here's our three
helium tanks
the boxes they each come with ribbons
but I bought three more than you I'm
going to try and last this part but
basically what I'm going to do is use
all of the helium in each one of these
tanks to fill up as many balloons as
possible I think each tank is supposed
to fill 25 to like 29 balloons but it
doesn't really specify how big the
balloons are so how to make some like
regular size like this big this big so
long an egg I'm going to figure out how
we are going to pass the heartache so
this creature guy's creature is going to
fly it
are you ready to fly yeah okay so
probably sleep through it you will sleep
as soon as he takes place he's
definitely waking up you got to make
sure that he is going to be super
comfortable during liftoff so this has
to have even weight this year in the
whole way through
I don't want getting choked out or
anything and I'm probably just gonna let
go over for like half a second just to
make great of life but I want to fly me
this base okay that would suck losing my
dog in please so let's all the time up
again okay I'm across back down not
enough engage it to motoroi on up please
and like a rock someone fought in a
number with wings yeah how's that back
going hard in pitch yeah yeah yeah I
still fall in the pit yeah what's wrong
with the picture something is wrong with
the way and I don't know
why why why why because I die
something's wrong with the way and I
don't know why why why why the guys tell
me my bearings right now keep it there
1 2 3 4 5 ok GG 44 45 but he's a girlies
have a 48 balloon the 48 balloons guys
49 50 52 50 balloon we're gonna try now
attaching them to the harness somehow
where's the hell designer Phil because
we got to make sure again
Kris is comfortable Prince is sleeping
you're about to take flight you don't
know yeah but give him a treat just so
he relaxes a bit and here we go let's
see what we got here so now we're going
to try to harness on this little dog ed
in here please perfect fit this might be
a perfect fit and it's why you guys here
we go
harness please this might be the perfect
size for guys Oh
literally the perfect size get the arms
through it I don't know get your hand
back watch already oh my god Jesus
Christ these balloons are so terrible
guys it literally fits him perfectly the
heart good good boy get praying boy what
now what we're going to do is we are
going to somehow attach the balloons to
it and then put the harness back on them
so it's upside down
what the hell looks real good
sorry buddy yeah come look perfect - he
look like a G in it but give him some
chicken liver or beef liver here we go
Frank's get your head in his own here
heat up deep gun with the food he's like
no fucking the more the chicken bites
are better you don't want it what he
said no little food okay this is not
happy he definitely didn't say no to
food guys he's marking it anyways the
balloons are going up right now we're
going to tie them together then we're
going to put them onto his harness right
here so it doesn't pull against his neck
because it's going to put all the weight
on his chest we're only going to like
let him in the air for like a second
because enough if he gets in there but I
think he'll get here how much is the
resistance on this oh shit he's not
getting in the air with that we're
trying how many balloons do we need guys
this is just a test to see if the
harness can be pulled with those we
filled up a few garbage bags these have
a nice pull as well but if this doesn't
work then we
for sure don't have enough helium and
don't have enough balloons so that go
okay
keep adding wait what's like a pound
here we go it's pretty heavy
come on duct tape don't fail don't fail
me duct tape oh okay
shit not duct tape is definitely less
then three great you look like your seat
how do you feel buddy okay printer oh
you're not ready didn't already I don't
think I'm ready to be honest fuck why
was it so much harder than I thought
gosh
I literally underestimated I was like no
I bought enough balloons I bought
another probably come with helium in les
dessins yeah and probably not whoa jeez
okay Prisma try with you all right
Prince I know you've wanted to do this
your whole life you're ready to fly bro
I told you you can do it no you can't do
it it is it is I promise you I got these
balloons above your head I'm going to
make sure you slide today I know you've
always wanted to go to spearhead there
it is here we go let's put them fly
first hold on to your seat belts we will
let you mess off in three seconds I'm
gonna fit wrong I picture your side to
go liftoff in three two one go ah good
work friends friends love it okay guys
so as you guys can see I did not fill
this up I didn't get enough helium and I
did get enough to lose but if you want
to see me make I will make him a super
suit that lifts up his bum to make sure
everything's good at once everything
even prints is never going to be in pain
cuz we got them the jump comfort we're
not sponsored but you guys should
definitely talk to me I will make sure
of it I promise you guys I will at least
lift prints and I will be that'll take
forever but we'll get a foot off the
ground if I have to so hit that like
button if you want to see me try again
but sadly I am out of helium those
balloons are all hat I didn't realize
that good balloons until I ran out of
helium but prints here you go again
go
okay it doesn't fly guys okay the guys
lately a trip to Subway right now I got
to get some food because I'm pulling
this prank on my mom tonight but she's
still not asleep so we're trying to kill
some time to be honest getting Silvia so
can't get our soup it's too too late to
get our soup
the sub is about to be absolutely
absolutely lit I'm excited all right
guys so it is 510 in the morning and
we're just finishing up with the prank
right now we're going to see how it goes
all that will be on my main channel I
can't talk about because my mom is fast
asleep right now I'm praying to God this
works guys that work so fuckin up is all
night but if you guys are excited and if
you want to see more pranks go down
smash that like button let's hit 25,000
wolves also comment down below which
pranks you want me to do in order to
fucking oh you can kind of see what the
prank is right there okay you can't I
can't show you any more but comment down
below what pranks you want me to do
because I'm back in the prank game I
don't give a fuck I'm savage let's get
it the more savage the prank the better
and I will see you guys soon on movies
where we stay a bit more action my main
challenge always
