good morning AEO what Khadija boy we'll
see welcome back to more wealthy
see this can easily keep acting on China
Bobby yeah you can keep going
Bachchu all right she's not stopping the
Rakhi guys my mom tells I didn't vlog
all day because me and Bongo spent
literally all day editing I shit you not
from when I woke up to right now which
is like 11 o'clock at night when I'm
starting the vlog it's so going to be
let don't worry about it I was editing
all day but I just drop a banger it was
a smash of past towns I did with my
parents you guys seem to really like it
it's doing really well so so now I don't
know what I'm going to do but I do know
one thing yesterday we didn't get to eat
a million subscriber cake that I got for
Silvia because of her throat which by
the way update Silvia oh shit okay it's
still shit where she can talk a lot of
things you could yesterday she got a
prescription for Israel's everything is
doing a little bit better so don't worry
I don't have to make that nurse catch
these hands which I really wanted to
fucking nurse I was about to make a cat
free outside how about that anyways
where's the damn cake freezer case in
the freezer waiting for Zach and Dustin
to finish filming their video they're
outside this is like prime time when
they shoot their videos you can see
outside there's a light out the front of
the fucking house I like shooting today
Islands heating in the base can be loud
to Dustin booming right now they like
shooting from like 11:00 p.m. so like
4:00 a.m. I don't know how they shoot
like night owls you guys are fucking
crazy that used to be me when I was
doing prank which by the way scary
because pranks are coming soon but now
I'm a day man how do they men Oh
whoopsie this what I need to eat beauty
I'll take this there we go
oh damn bitches laughs on you guys I
just went upstairs extra dollars to come
down for the cake you're not a chocolate
in them fake any dog cake DIY puppy cake
all that looks delicious good boyfriend
don't fall here guys don't mind if I do
oh no I dropped it I dropped it real
comedian Oh another day guys another
signature to sign here we go
am i writing is that so you can expect
when you get Wolfie to sign stuff we got
one another one here another day another
work another dollar dollar work alright
so in a blog two days ago I did I try
not to sing along challenge and you guys
really fucked that vlog so today I am
going to do another like reaction type
video but today I'm going to be reacting
to shit that absolutely blows my mind
which is optical illusions I know a lot
of people say understanding oral optical
illusions even though they don't fuckin
understand them me I will be fucking
perfectly honest with you guys I don't
understand how they work I've never
understood how they work but I'm super
like interested in them so today I'm
going to be looking at like 20 to 25
optical illusions that should blow our
minds so let's open it up and see how
much we get fucked my Mahinda such a
late hour I'm tired so this is probably
going to even mess with my mind even
more than it regularly would if it was
like midday so let's get into this so
the first one is the rotating range I've
seen this one before and I'm pretty sure
I know how this one works I think for
this one you just have to stare at the
dot and then the circles should move so
I'm just going to stare at the dot oh my
god they're already fucking moving okay
if you stare at the dot in the center
and move your head away from the screen
the Rings will start to rotate now
gradually get closer again they change
direction okay so I need to oh shit okay
so they're turning this way they're
turning counterclockwise
I'm going back oh my god I literally
moved like an inch in the quicken Boop
clockwise again okay I don't understand
I don't under the ice I bring moving
though guys you need to be doing this
out right now be out
ring is going off right now the inside
ring is I had or really want to move but
outside ring has no chill right now oh
fuck okay I've already done the first
what you want to loosen it okay
I hate optical illusions for this reason
I'm very competitive guys I like to win
and Cannell and you can't win with
illusions so I don't like illusion next
one fading image oh my god here we go so
if this image fade from my eyesight I'm
leaving the room the idea was for about
half a minute that's a long time without
moving your eyes and watch as it
gradually disappears I don't care about
what effect it is but this is not going
to disappear on me 30 seconds beginning
now
oh my god oh my god oh my god why did it
disappear why is it fully gone I know I
don't understand I don't understand it's
gone guys okay its back its back I
promise you there's a ship 30 seconds
that shit disappeared from my eyesight I
don't know I think it was cold like
crowd 9 but that was gone
this isn't cool I don't like this why am
I getting beat by a fucking computer can
be sad cop crap
how do you draw a triangle tried to say
I know this one this one is actually if
you guys look there's no solid triangle
there's an outline with slits in it but
there's no solid triangle those circles
and I can't really explain it with the
circles and then the triangle on top and
then like the two points on the bottom
make it seem as if there's a full
triangle there but there's no triangle
oh my god living I don't like these ones
this one and then the one with the
elephant with the legs I just don't
understand because if you look at the
top pole okay so that one goes to
something kind of me does it Adam even
fucking to where it goes okay if we look
at the top line go follow it up follow
the one below it that kind of makes
sense and then as soon as we go to the
middle part it doesn't make sense I
think the second one is coming out of
nothing but it's still so like a full
arm pole I don't the bottom one makes
sense does it I don't think it makes
sense I think the top fold is the only
one that makes sense to my head and at
the bottom two two rectangular prongs at
one end okay so I doesn't what what you
know what I'm your I'm just gonna legit
I would just get monster illusion if
this illusion tells you that these
monsters are somehow in some world the
same time I'm done I can not handle this
shit the two monsters in this illusion
are in fact the same size how the fuck
did I know that okay less we're going to
measure it I don't even care about talk
about it I have a piece of paper here
okay piece of paper I'm going to measure
the bottom one the bottom one because
the bottom one definitely looks smaller
goes up to a vote here on the piece of
paper guys from the bottom to here this
is not a mind game this is not a trick
I'm not going to move my finger I'm
going to the top one
it's the fucking same price out
but I just I don't understand fuck you
what I'm a Fresno up stroller it's like
a baby provoke input like what that your
brain automatically adjusts images that
it perceives to be distant in order to
compensate for the fact that they are
larger than they seem so my brain is
lying to me then that's what it's saying
so my brain just can't be trusted
parently like I'm not going to fucking
date my brain ever because it like okay
don't ever trust your brain we're moving
on to the next one Jasser illusion I'm
fucking lewd and how is it making any
sense it's going to tell me what tell me
that a and B are somehow the same size
even though a definitely look smaller
than B got my handy dandy piece of paper
again look what am i measuring
everything okay perfect literally this
paper is almost the exact length just
like a little sliver up this one
it's the same fuckin size the what no
we're right who fucking to who's making
blue versus green okay there are several
variations to this illusion but the
effect is the same the blue and green
backgrounds are in fact the same color
no they cannot be open it in Photoshop
you open it in Photoshop but I got the
picture in my Photoshop now then this
can be because one's definitely blue and
one's definitely like an aqua or like
green eyed army in order to call that
color so I'm going to pick the tool
eyedropper tool I'm going to get the
color click the eye drop and we are
going to draw with the paintbrush back
color okay now we're going to take the
ID off again click the green which is
green and what do you mean these are
different colors what's the case guys I
think this is a prank
it has to be pricked I swear I just got
a third color okay yeah I just I maybe I
read it wrong the blue and green
backgrounds are in fact the same colors
no they're not
screw that and you know the Leaning
Tower of Pisa does actually lean but
these two images are in fact one and the
same the the one on the right definitely
looks like it's leaning more but I'll go
ahead and just listen to what it said
okay so yeah it says although the image
on the right appears to be leaning away
from the one on the left this is only in
your head why is something again that's
only my head I throw it only by everyone
else probably looking at this like okay
well obviously the same will be what do
you mean now I'm just sitting you're
like looks like an idiot I don't see it
maybe if I put my hat forward and I get
my thinking thinking hood on we can get
their sketches going go ahead and try a
same thing with the Empire State
Building it will lead to what do you try
what
it's not the same photo this one is on
like a obtuse acute angle the one on the
left is on like a cute angle and the one
on the right I need to measure my phone
I'm literally going to put my phone like
this on the screen and just slide it
over and I prefer and I'm praying it's
not the same image so we got the angle
on the first one
it's the same but what is other it looks
so bad I'm gonna cook so yeah I guess
that is going to fuck my mind brain out
for the night now I'm going to have a
nice sleep but I'm definitely gonna be
bitching about how stylish it worked for
the rest of the night that's so annoying
I just don't understand how I didn't
understand it but yeah if you guys
enjoyed these like reaction type videos
make sure to go down and smash that like
button let's hit 25 thousand likes on
this video Wolff and we killed it in
last was absolutely amazing support on
that one was crazy
so yeah hit the like button if you guys
want to see more of the stuff anyways I
said of July so then all they are
sleeping their princes right there under
the cage cuddle with him because
obviously limit will be Junior I had a
show Princeton love yes even burned in
like 20 minutes are left them they were
also in the video so you deserve it just
impute anyway that I'm gonna do the
outro over here because I got to be mine
quiet silly and fast asleep so again I
hope you guys enjoyed the video make
sure to go down and smash that like
button if you did and I want you guys to
comment down below as who made it to the
very end of the vlog it's lit and I will
see you guys tomorrow with another
banger vlog I got lots in store for you
guys so get excited and I will see you
guys seen on more we'll see where we say
a little bit more rather than my main
channel and as always stay savage
