good morning hey Joe what good it is
your boy wolfy today I'm back with
another vlog guy I'm sitting in a Tim
Hortons drive-through right there
I'm about to pick up a suit and food for
Sylvia because we woke up this morning I
was feeling like mad but Sylvia was
feeling like ah she was like not feeling
that great this morning so I gotta get
her something because of throats really
hurting but on a good note last night
Sylvia Hey 1 million subscribers on you
soon
1 million it's like literally six zero
one and then six zeroes after it that's
ridiculous
I think she's got her channel for like
about a year maybe like just over a year
I haven't done the math yet but a
million in a year that's fucking good
that's amazing I never hit a million in
a year so congrats to Sylvia shove it to
my girlfriend for grinding staying
truthful staying consistent you know
this girl's been killing it lately so if
you shut up to her I will leave her
channel in the description I want you
guys to go there after this vlog and go
spam her comments subscribe here if you
haven't already
but spammer comments with
congratulations Sylvia lots of Hearts
lots of clapping all that you guys know
the deal just congratulate her because
she's done a fucking good job I have to
pick up her million balloons that I
ordered yesterday they're ready this
morning I told the guy would be there
like an hour ago but you know me I
always fucking running late so I'm gonna
get these salads and then we're gonna go
get double oh yeah what kind of suits do
you guys have today yeah chicken to go
sketch for the chicken amazing I'll grab
like the largest size of chicken noodle
soup you guys have just won a winner
who's on that white please
and then Can I grab a large peppermint
tea as well Sharon's Anna um Sylvia what
do you want a new key I'm messing in is
fun yeah yeah that's everything
yes Emma dolls go
Thanks got the one got the M these
things are floating like crazy in the
wind but they look fresh the guy said
they might be played a bit in the cold
and I think they're already starting to
deflate but said as soon as I go back
inside they should three inflate up so
we're good
I got them now I got stuff I can clean
get an ice-cream cake so no Sylvia loves
ice cream she deserves ice cream cake
decisions decisions decisions which cake
should I buy Cecilia today probably is
going to go with like a clean one oh
here this is the one guys you saw here
for we're going with walk-in whatever
this is it looks delicious
right now by the whipping up the
congrats on 1 million designs and just
waiting for it to Joseph Justin bread
which is C to color code we're going to
go thread on the nice cake it's going to
look fantastic to tell us very pleased
they make the cake mix it's like if you
walk up and you can't really recover
from it you know what I mean think you
put the hexagons and you can't really
get it off otherwise the whole cake
similar different oh you have one chance
for the girl is pretty confident about
it though she looks like she had my
training so I'm happy I'm excited for
this year Congrats on a million taken
register this looks much better standing
up I can tell you act Whoopi everything
he just doesn't even think then okay
coming through coming through I got to
talk my life move it move it up what are
you doing moving
I got you fuzzy seven through down my
way excuse me pardon me pardon me guys
I've two dogs in my lap I literally have
to drop them off with my mom because
Sylvia head of milk I'm gonna take her
out for dinner tonight I don't know
where we're going to go yet but I'm
about to make reservations somewhere
it's going to be lit if I can go and eat
lunch at Baton Rouge like I can fuckin
at least flex for my girlfriend hitting
a million subs so it feel me we're going
to find a nice spot get like a nice
steak dinner or something tonight when
these dogs are going to have somewhere
to play because we had routine them when
we're gone this is not good or bad I
love these dogs but goddamn these dogs
so much work guys let me tell you
something dealing with cars cars is not
fun okay the past three hours of my day
have been spent going back and forth
between stores I'm trying to pay off my
damn car loan this is adult stuff okay
my 16 year old self I'm stressing out
can't do this stuff anymore but got to
call make reservations for tonight
so we are going to the keg that's where
she wants to go so let's make these damn
reservation keep it clean like I got a
club Mallory speaking how's it going I'm
looking to make a reservation for two
tonight at six if possible or 6:30 p.m.
you don't eat reservations on Fridays or
Saturdays okay it's first-come
first-served
okay typically we do fill up close to
450 I'm on three our flow into usually
at least an hour a week okay okay okay
that's fine thank you good bye
hey you guys heard the lady they don't
take reservations on a Friday because
apparently just gets packed at 4:15 what
there's this girl
no little she's talking to King loafie
I'm not fucking just like buggin right
please what do you mean oh geez okay so
I don't know how that's going to work
but now I gotta figure out a plan they
will have to go early so me and Sylvia
are headed off to go to early dinner I
don't know what I call it this brunching
them as Rainer there's a Brynner no this
is a Leonard lunch dinner Dutch we're
going to Dutch so these are blue so
they're basically we had to go early
first of all I haven't eaten today so
I'm fucking hungry
second of all we couldn't go to dinner
later on because I have to deal with my
video later and there's a bunch of stuff
you have to do later and if we want to
go to the keg the spot that the girl
told us to be at she said be there
before 4:15 or you guys heard it we're
probably going to have like an hour wait
so right now it is 357 it's about a 15
minute drive away hopefully we don't
have to wait it's something you might
have to wait and something but I don't
know hopefully get in anyways you have
to do a little bit of a photo shoot
before we leave for dinner for Sylvia
very good dinner bell
we are finally back together Sylvia
yesterday when she came home I don't
really get to spend too much time with
her
now we get to go out for dinner which is
good she went home for like a few days
and now okay she has a blue I got a fix
bye okay guys 4:20 and dour so down
there but we have to take some pictures
so we're on our way
I don't know if we're going to get here
or not by us to step on that that's all
Oh
Oh hold on oh no you guys go this way go
we're going guys we are fully going
passionate guys you're not going no spin
guys do not compute if you're driving
your car meeting is against the limit
but accelerating Parliament against the
ball accelerating classically I mean so
go let's go ready hit it
what the hell hey hurry up hey guys we
turned in on a clean ocean now I'm going
to say it doesn't talk but it definitely
looks back to please everyone smash the
like button
cross your fingers walking just wants to
eat okay that's it oh that's parking
spot what do you mean I just was always
packed
why is in fact good we should have
bought my balloon so they know so they
know yeah most amazing building you know
now we would have to wait look ahead of
milk
very weird there was a celebrity now I
had a mill I'm an a-lister good but
there could be like we made it in and we
started off with garlic shrimp oh my god
so much cheese appetizer we got bread I
can't wait till my actual food I got
ribs against is nothing Craven has ever
since I wasn't fuckin sorry and the
perfectly cooked bread oh my god
what angles of the center
I'm going to be a POV of meeting that's
testing angle guys were having a POV
right now
wow this dinner is so good how he
non-alcoholic only 70 interact look at
this drink go and like God eat it noggin
is out for flavor you should know that
when the food doesn't come guys you just
got a drink and drink away
so he actually flexing on a filet mignon
right I had to get the ribs and a twice
baked potato full I don't really rate
but hey good dinner at the keg guys
honestly the line outside right now I'm
gonna zoom in but I don't know if you
can see it there's heads on heads on
heads on heads going in and as soon as
you go in that front door guys there's
150 people waited to get seated it's
ridiculous in there right now so luckily
we came as early as we did it like 30
minutes after we came and picked up like
crazy so I'm bloated because I had to
eat all of her food to all the stew
looming yo I'm full I got a food coma
right now I got to get a coffee
oh my god
Oh
okay where the hell is OB I've been
waiting to this girl she said she was
just running in to get some medication
for her throat because it was hurting
this girl has been gone or I swear to
God
45 minutes lucky she why did you take 70
thousand years and I should go to the
emerge right now he literally didn't
recommend any things like you should
take a tylenol for the pain but you
should go to the doctor bad news Sylvia
Sylvia sick but the dogs are taking care
of her but I'm gonna go downstairs and
see what Zack and Dustin are saying she
can't even talk over this volume other
voice your voice hurts but I gotta
figure out what I'm doing tonight
bongos texting me this shit topping off
tonight apparently I gotta figure out
what exactly I'm gonna do my nose is
still messed up I think I might even go
to the doctor with Sylvia tomorrow to
see what's good with my nose because
I've tried using coconut oil in it which
sounds weird but tragedies in Vaseline I
tried using nasal spray nasal gel a
humidifier and air purifier sleeping
drinking more water nothing's helped and
so it's gotten to the point where I need
to go to the doctor and see why the held
inside of my nose is so goddamned right
why is so dry like my damn right you see
how we're living 35 pounds on there 35
pounds on there let these are not the
same plate but it is what it is I get a
bit of a workout in today you know keys
are ongoing so here
easy peasy lemon squeezy insane turn of
events guys we are at the hospital right
now Sylvia is like you saw her during
dinner she was like fine during dinner
but then out of nowhere she just started
feeling like flu symptoms so like her
body started shaking and all that I
don't know she had a allergic reaction
or what happened but now we're at the
emergency room because she was like
having trouble breathing she's saying
her throat's closing and like she has a
high pain tolerance girl her fucking
tongue twisted shit as soon as you said
she's having trouble breathing we rushed
to the hospital so now we're here we're
not going to film too much in the
hospital because it's just not going to
do that I will update you guys on what
happens I'm going to head it into it
with Sylvia for a while it's probably
gonna take a few hours
Hospital always take cigars perfect day
to hit it man it is a perfect day to hit
a mill okay guys so we're leaving the
hospital now it took three hours and
like there's no there's no serious
things right now so we had to take a few
things we are headed home now basically
they gave her a few things so hopefully
they gave her like anti-inflammatory is
basically a type of steroid so tomorrow
her her throat should be better they
said she didn't have tonsillitis or
didn't have strep throat even though I
asked what the girl gave me mad attitude
back I was like the shouts Jeff Jeff
sighs she had strep they would have
prescribed this yep okay so shout out to
that lady her giving me attitude
you almost call these hands but I mean
it is what it is hopefully she wakes up
tomorrow everything's good if not I'm
coming back here guns blazing with all
my wolf em and there's gonna be a
problem
all right guys so that was a long night
but I'm gonna end the vlog off right
there I gotta get some sleep it's pretty
damn late or at the hospital for a
decent amount of time now me and Sylvia
are just going to take it easy for the
rest of the night so I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did make sure to
go down smack that like button that's
hit 25 thousand likes whooping comment
down below get better Sylvia because
Sylvia needs to get ready she's not
feeling well right now the dogs are
pastel so I'm gonna go come with them
but I will see you guys soon on more
we'll see where we say a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage leggo
