good morning a yo what's good at your
boy will be welcome back to more Wolfie
we are starting the day off with prince
in my arms I think we'll see jr. just
like beat up Prince so now he's like
cuddling with me these guys slept really
well last night so I'm proud I'm
impressed of my two little puppies me
and Ryan are about to head off to the
mall we're picking up David as well
because I have to pick up something that
I didn't get at the mall yesterday I
decided I was getting it last night but
it's for you guys so this is a surprise
I'm going to show you the store that I'm
going into but I'm not going to show you
what I get quite yet maybe have to edit
the blog maybe halfway through the blog
I haven't decided yet but just know that
good things are coming for the wolf Sam
very soon let's go we arrived at Rideau
guys we are at the mall of the mall the
mall out haven't eaten breakfast so I'm
gonna have to pick up a salad at my
favorite place you guys know the spot I
think it's called green rebels Green
rebels I might experiment and get like
something that's not chicken Caesar
salad today we'll see what I'm going to
get but first we have to stop at the
surprise store where I'm getting
something that might be or might not be
for you guys saying Rideau Center is
empty today Wow
yesterday we came it was packed oh
listen to surprises he actually no it's
like a Tuesday mornings usually I'm not
security but Ryan whilst we have the
fornix and here's the store we're going
to guys can you see the logo who do not
now you can see it miracle girl I'm not
buying lunch and a shirt there's more
than a shirt guys to get more than a
shirt and it's that place comment down
below if you see it so I'm looking
through the lip stores in the mall and
all I gotta say is rain drop sophomore
what are you picking up from the Apple
Park where he pictures with you pick it
up I was taking this shit let's do this
for my giveaway guys giving away a USB
power adapter I'm taking how bout as big
things instead of getting us connected
with power adapter you guys see
connected is this connection you need a
phone to do that alright so I picked up
the supplies guys what is in this bag is
what I'm giving back to the wolf fan
because you guys have supported me from
day one
so let's go my friggin eye
about nothing like you're doing another
you it's the iPhone Corday this is a
life of course this is not David's
picking up some stuff too as well we are
both going off right now at the Apple
store it's late and then we're going to
do some actual shop it happens giveaways
Ryan's I buy it I'm buying some we're
not at the office perfect rhymes are
bicycie I'm have a low-key Kane computer
how's it going bro did you you see my
videos hey guys guys me I will clean my
videos shut up to join me on the bus
okay so you go to Brad for Apple in
episode 4 watching the video guys where
were you looking at hmm the Ryan shirts
guys if you ever see your friends let
them know these Henle shirts with like
the half done up arms the ryan shirts
classic he has like 10 of them every
single color - very survival reason I
don't wear them you were his age at low
ki jagah fuck any local he serves Ryan
any store isms make forgot them but to
try on two things I found some jogger
pants never have enough jogger pants I
got black ones and a black tee long
teeth
that's how are the knees in the stores
oh let me help you what the long t is an
instant car damn yoky stop talking
during our lobbies check us out there
easy I mean the only problem with me
right now is like my hair kind of beat
which I'm getting a haircut today and
then my mustache and this lights even is
giving me too much like my shirts a cop
I'm getting like minimum two of these so
they're playing black use and then try
these on the pants also fit as well guys
do not mind what are those oh that's a
hole in my sock but everything else
playing black all black everything
everything right oh and you can't decide
on one or two you got to get both so
yeah I'm both right guys looking at my
daughter
are you happy cause your prize of those
three degrees
no they're not no they're not oh my god
bro I'm done I'm done you guys never
show your friends what you find till you
leave the store actually Ryan's the
types of grow it back in the story fuck
with that we're out here we'll close it
now that you will edit pull added a
story I'm Jesus but I'm sure
yo Ryan buy something in a store bro I
honestly I wish you would buy something
at the store your David how long it be
drop please just take your time please
see your time girl
take your time yo you want to go to this
store there's awesome ducky clothes grow
some duckie bless those yeah what do you
say I hate the schedule it's good yo
literally we just pulled up we're like a
Negrito
long look here please what is this did
you eat yet no not readable some dumb
horse warmer this is the biggest
question guys burrito gringo or shwarma
palette open the whip hold up here it's
open buddy fuck I don't know I'm getting
in three seconds you guys will see what
I pick all right guys are at burrito
gringo but there's a line so we're going
to get that right I just went in okay
we're getting forgetting gringo it's
just a bit of a line for you yeah yeah
like that
just like I belong oh shit were out no
Mike welcome back to another episode of
Ken wolf you get a straight hairline for
once in his life
I'm your host looking and today I'll be
getting my hair cut trying to get a
straight hairline we're going to fade
right over there David getting hair cut
Ryan's getting his hair cut whole squads
getting our hair crap you haven't eaten
we're going to eat after I'm gonna get
I'm gonna try something new I haven't
left my hair long on the top even though
it's not that long for me it's kind of
long I'm going to leave it on the top
and just tell them to fade it and give
me a nice line up and we'll see how long
I can grow my hair this time I just got
to brush it that's the only thing that's
stopping my hair from looking fresh so I
promise may not have even dab in the
whole time right go up this guy's before
of David's hair here it is so if they
fuck it up can't look much worse than
that but we'll show you after I'm this
close to punching right in the face why
are you putting my door so close to this
door
where's your camera well I'm this close
to passing the line of guilt no no is
Ryan Dunn putting it as close as my
pinky wizard not you're not will so you
can't do my jokes
I think I'm gonna go with this one but I
think they was going to go with either
this one or this one exact to decide but
this one is calling my name or the big
guys make you go stay just eleven
understand what they're saying here is
if you can really quick here's going to
get a cut like this here but is there
with you this is it before and guys
never met my barber is Kris chip a
little dude don't get too much shadow
you love this he loves it come on okay
you got two seconds shadow bogies my
missus
this is it before we're going to show
you the after Italy divider second look
take a little worse but it should be
open so on one yeah he's just getting a
fader on the sides and a bit off the top
and I know like the Vietnamese are
this is it guys take a good look at that
you'll never see it again
my human eye so this was it after take
it off yeah the fade that's a clean food
the clean tray guys they did a good job
Brian got a haircut
I told them to leave the top but the
sides are faded nice like as soon as
they take all that nice you know they
know what they're doing so now we can
eat the breathable but I've been waiting
because I don't mean today so finally
got my burrito bowl at home where I have
my Chipotle hot sauce this is a shit I
don't want my burrito sauce so I need
the hot sauce
not as bad put it on there hey but the
one thing about it is like it got soggy
because we waited to get my hair cut and
everything so the bottom of the bowl
just broke when I tried lifting it cuz I
tried putting it in the oven I don't
believe you I guess you don't believe me
I can't lift it guys so now I have to
eat like a semi cold meal which I'm not
like really down with what variables are
always good guys I don't know how I got
sucked into this but I ended up buying
like a $40 water bottle from from Urban
Outfitters it's like called swell
something like that swell right there
but it's so damn wait like this water
ball is dope is flux gonna look very
nice in the car so this is strictly
going to be my car water bottle and it's
going to remind me to drink water every
time in the width oh I can always say
hydrated always stay healthy so oh you
have to hear you know the master you are
here one more I'm new in see that never
I just get not a garbage so you got pit
goes up because my dog will eat them
here two in a row catching master just
because so many of you guys hated on my
Where's Waldo shirt I'm going to recycle
it and wear it again for the rest of the
day here that's why because I just feel
fucking feel like it don't ever hang on
my way Waldo shirt see if you can find
me for wearing at the Walmart oh shit
okay I actually decided to switch to my
Justin forever shirt got the Bieber
merch guys check out the back of this
one as you guys can see it says Bieber
on the back
swaggy as fuck the girl that store was
not feeling it though for some reason so
I don't know I got to take off
definitely just sticker throw that home
and then there should be a tag on the
back what I'll take that out you got to
do whatever you
got to do to support your favorite
artist okay Justin if you're watching it
Romy's elijah definitely hit me the
umbrella will just kick in eggs go you
fun another shopping trip in walmart
what are we going to get today hopefully
we got what we got
so Sylvia got some mail at my mom's
house but Sophia's not in town so I'm
going to open it because I'm over this
girl getting so much mail so nice please
okay actually that is a good way okay
okay okay okay okay
take it easy oh that side here what did
Sylvia order this time oh hello these
are her reflector I think that's what it
is
silver lamé Road red reflectors for
their light okay
boring no money guys I made one of those
precooked meals that my mom gave me it
was like the shepherd's pie or something
and I flopped I flipped it upside down
when I put in the oven absolutely
flopped out making it left in the oven
too long honestly it doesn't look that
appealing to me right now I don't know
if you're gonna eat it but I'm
definitely gonna have a big drink of
water from my my dope water bottle that
I got and then I'm gonna do a little bit
of what I like to call reacting to the
someone I saw online today and I needed
to make a reaction to it
I saw the pedal I was like you know what
why not so myself doing this so me and
Ryan are going to react to it quickly
basically you're going to get mad when
you see these pictures I'm going to get
mad we can use pictures everyone's going
to get mad but that's the way it's going
to go down and last but not least today
I have to at least build the list of
youtubers because I did the smash of
path challenge that I asked you guys the
comics and youtubers down below who my
parents should have to answer a smash-up
past you so I'm probably going to take
like 20 guys and 20 girls around that
number and then I'm going to make my
parents answer the question so I got to
narrow down that list so I'm going to
read through some of the comments after
so I just finished making the list for
the youtubers that my parents have to
decide if they want to smack or if they
want to pass now that that's done let's
react to some fucking annoying shit okay
guys so what I saw online earlier is
basically it's called
26 of the douchiest rich kids of smash
what do you do
well you can already play kids or do
that to King yes
get that shit out of my 26 of the duty
of rich kids of snapchat so I'm with
Ryan not a rich kid okay me I'm not your
mom or more algebra rhythm broke of
robro this is Benny Charlie on snapchat
so this being is like I asked obnoxious
on camera sometimes so I feel like I'm
going to see these pictures and I'm
going to be like ah whatever
yeah like I wouldn't do it but like I
can kind of get it and you're going to
get mad when you see it I'll probably go
- OH - lets you and David just what are
you doing this is Ben rich okay David's
playing ps4 but that's not going to fly
yeah we're not playing ps4 today so the
first picture boom here only way to
arrive at a restaurant only with it is
no other you can't walk with it a
helicopter basically there is something
called public transit like you never
said that well I care if you buy these
Chinese that first any of these are you
together I these not going oh yeah that
is true but I don't need to ride a
fucking helicopter how do you ride the
air place where there is airplanes
helicopters you can plug your eye a TV
there's multiple ways to get to a
restaurant other than Alex out there but
I mean you do you and wonder how long
you put up that's not for its that was a
ten-second trap yeah go fuck yourself at
that point it next one
yes that's not water to not tell us what
you that's like subtle subtle flux does
it that's not a subtle flex for the
thing is whoo oh no he put this one last
emoji that just shows you're talking
yeah I feel like if you actually have
like a lot of money like you don't care
your passion may crush you like someone
wants to fold it the more money I got
like I don't really carry cash around I
just have like my sis my visa my debit
just like my carts no no I have someone
okay I have somebody but I don't want to
put that in my wallet
it's like bro you know your wallet can
fit why why do you try to attempt to put
it in your wallet like you got this flex
a deuce you're in skin number 2 I can't
believe you
okay fuckin stretch meet a new one
where's the trash whistles of fucking
Rolex we're super 115 thousand for the
last one it's Rodriguez ooh so that's
like the worst one is probably something
12 the 15 that means he has a good one
because like if you have the green ones
like you only get the green one here
when you're like yo I got the black one
I got this gold what I got the red one
I'm gonna get the green one and I'm
going to replace it what it has a
scratch on it which is really if the
zoom where like I'll zoom in right now
this may be a little scratch on the
bottom left there jeez but like come on
fucking strategy a new one treats for
starting summer reading you bottom some
two phones and two laptops to read a
fucking book I can see you do that he's
Kevin gates look at that two foes I got
some oh and he has a MacBook Pro and in
there I'll tell you this as someone who
owns a macro Pro well you have a rifle
Pro you don't need a MacBook Air it's
fucking useless at that point like you
have the good one that's good you don't
need the one that's like just this mess
for like writing essays aside from that
I can't try to find MacBook Airs too
much the driver's name how I'm actually
what my exercise book
had to destroy the old iPhone 4s this
biggest got KZ the key but he thought
that might be rolling that is champagne
he's please pool champion model for the
he's aware the keeper hair just cuz like
here I have I have that much great I can
put that is not a douchey as I like good
get a douchey in focus but this can be
done by like a broke guy yes like that
could be a dollar store watch like we
don't know because there's no logos so
we don't know you next photo
well that party was a little over the
top because you ought to thinking I've
been on a yacht yeah I've never been on
the outside it was not money to what do
you I would know what that's like guys
like you parties already here yacht
sinks I mean that's hashtag relatable
pro here we go perfect what's Ryan out
scholarship kicks it in but you got you
got fake success like we got douchey
that's awesome do she know but that
Meyer she can just like me flexing on
you it's like you're drag on your own to
try to make a designer brand and I'm
like little sold another bunch see
people that don't know designer could
shoot this guy you to give them cross
and put like a Gucci logo on it and
you'd be like yeah where that is what it
is to happen that's was at school I
don't even know how to interpret like
are you a school they're like we all
know that's one of the paper at school
is a one flat shape so I guess you can't
use that so you need to use $50 bills in
order to wipe say again David is
identified yet
which one personal problem Ferraris
Monday this war then what are they
alright that's where he has like red
blue color category girl first world
comes blue the your garage hi
this isn't personal problems this is
fucking do she rich kid problems okay I
mean I would drive the one at the top
top left but like that just me
you look like you from the UK guys looks
like a simple computation take your
British side your do she British side I
get the fuck out of here bro I take the
bottom left one no tonight couldn't
decide that he got me on fire his mother
which one would you pick well he didn't
need to say I like that watch is daddy
got over that's what a little friendship
briefing the way one for sure Allah put
it this way you're not rich if you're
getting color poems like that because
those are the cheap those are the cheap
version one note the iPhone five seats
and those are cheap so you're not rates
you got called out exposed you're not a
douchey risk it back okay okay guys one
more I can't even do this anymore
peasant protection guys got a real treat
this is any estimate would you call the
world as it it's just like that's like
at the point where you're so douchey at
risk like normal people can't
communicate with you anymore
you wouldn't even do that I've done that
that's that point the laptops close guys
the segment's over I hate sushi stop
jack is like okay Wolfram told me and
the boys are about to go out and get
food we're going to go get nachos
catch-up all the boys are going to kick
it is going to be a fucking good time
I'm am but I'm not going to vlog because
everyone's logging it and you know what
sometimes when everyone's vlogging you
just need to be the bigger man step back
and be like you know what guys
I pretty much daily vlog so you know
what you can have the dinner you can
have the blog and I would put it down
because there's tripods hurting my dad
Martin but for real after that I got to
go to bed super early because tomorrow
morning wolfy is going to the vet to get
something snip and it might be down
there well not on me but on wolfy
so I don't think he's looking too
forward to that I think he already knows
what's coming I don't know this guy just
senses it for some reason he's like he's
like been sulking for like the past two
hours so hopefully everything goes well
and I will fill you guys in two more
Matt anyways I'm going to end the vlog
off here I hope you guys enjoyed my day
if you did go down smash that like
125,000 likes will fam comments and gang
minutes to the very end of the blog and
I will see you guys doing on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
in my main channel and as always stay
savage and I know
