good morning eh oh okay fucking dark in
this room hold up whoo that lighting
good morning a yoga teacher boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy we are
wearing the where's wolfy shirt where's
will be open today looking like Where's
Waldo hey you find me hold on easy yes
this is oh I already know none of you
guys found me so don't even bother
commenting down below anyway today right
now I am gathering up a list I've been
seeing too many of these challenges not
to do it on the Internet
haven't done like a sit-down challenge
in a while also have it in a video with
my girlfriend in a while so we are going
to do the smash or path challenge aka
the trust your relationship challenge
aka the maybe breakup challenge it's a
rough challenge okay that's going to be
on my main channel not too excited about
that but I am excited about listing off
some of the names I picked Sylvia's
doing her hair or something right now
because we're filming a video for her
channel as well for dual film day
because she is going home on Monday
which means we have to get all these
videos filmed so she can edit them when
she goes home because I won't be there I
will be taking care of these two funds
these are great prints career will be
listen Prince's just like it just
finished up on the Smasher path
challenge how was it I cannot wait for
you to see this video very cringe very
cringe guys we almost broke up but then
I somehow convinced still be to stay
with me no you didn't yes I'm still on
thank you mean fuck you all right guys
we're breaking up it was good
relationship goodbye yeah I'm so excited
please no slap all girls no huh I hope
that would not
there's the camera this is setup guys I
haven't done one of these sit-down
videos in time literally it's been
forever since I did one I'm finally back
on the main challenge she's back in the
nineteen over it was a DIY smash up at
DIY smash her past witty melee if I I
printed these out so I did it myself
kinda phone calling and I got a DIY
magic trick Smasher pash pash limited
edition the entire time he just had to
smash thing up night it I had to patch
her a lot of girls guys it was oh I
wasn't logical I was a loyal loyal
boyfriend
so now we are filming Sylvia's going to
do makeup on me I'm probably going to
look beautiful in this but that's going
to be on her channel gonna contour this
cheek right off you like I'm gonna climb
very great double chin away I'm going to
love your nose Matt watching your nose
I'm going to look smaller than mine
after I'm done done watching me double
chin nose focus group anyways the dogs
are behaving like amazing right now
Wolfie there Chris is in that little
case sleeping they've been very good
today we've been getting lots of work
done productive Silvia woke up a lot
earlier than me she's tired and it's
like it's 2 o'clock
I haven't you it's 3:00 and I haven't
eaten yet but my salad is waiting for me
in the fridge but I'm going to wait to
eat as soon as I'm done it and I'm going
to eat got one of my parents house might
show them another beggar today price on
three videos in one day it's a wrap it's
a fucking wrap ok I'm filming got so
you'll you'll print you did run your
prints are you good he'll come up are
you good bro Fred what are you doing
that no sleep but yeah let's get this
sexy video going boom alright guys so I
am in the setup right now I got a huge
monitor in my screen so I can see all my
imperfections massive lenses for my face
but I'm just about to start getting my
face done my makeup hold on Tilly is
doing like some contouring or something
she's figuring out the shade of my
skintone right now for a foundation you
know the stuff that with a kabuki brush
and the Beauty Blender palette mallet
that shit I'll show you what I look like
halfway if you want to see the rest of
what I look like when it's fully done
it's gonna be on my girlfriend's channel
I'll leave a link in the description not
excited about this ok not excited I just
wanna let you guys know I don't like
things going on my face makeup
especially I've had it done like one way
back in the day when I did it on my
channel it just feels like I have a
bunch of crusty stuff on my face and it
feels like my face is dirty I don't like
getting it done but I'm doing it for
bait hello how you know that you don't
like doing it done because I've done it
before
yeah once relax it one time I don't know
how do you know you twice three times
one time five time okay I'm sorry I love
you will see Prince come here sit on my
lap oh I get this untraceable all right
so we're currently done half the video
so far as long as this looks like I'm
eating a salad right now mid video
because I was starving
if you want to do the full video course
Silvia Channel next try you see me I
will not have makeup on anymore thank
God I'm not going to show you guys my
look look at how much makeup comes off
my face when I wipe with this makeup
wipe that's all I gotta say guys that's
all I got to say guys it's official I'm
addicted to breathable
I'm officially addicted to be breathable
oh my god oh fucking good okay take care
guys now me and Dustin I gotta go pick
up pop or soda cans in general for my
video that I'm filming dressings and
help me film it literally I haven't done
too much today how did I do - coke
what if that was a lie I thought for a
second I was like what the hell did I do
I filmed the video for my channel from
the video for Soviet Channel filming
another one for my channel and I'm on my
parents right now filming it so I might
do a little Q&A there as well so if I
can get four videos on in one day Jesus
call me a buckin God okay okay okay I
can't drinking I'm on a diet
ah we'll try this one okay all right oh
god mom trying to get a cool shot there
we go okay you know I'm not even
drinking me I'm just pouring them out
because I need an empty can for my video
mom do you want a coke
you don't want to cook alright this
one's for my homies don't even bother
coming missing this could have been
drink by the kids and a productive guess
what I didn't actually waste it that was
a magic trick
I actually just turned it into instant
water no magic so I was looking through
my closet oh yeah check out that
youtuber he's like a really good vlogger
in the background great youtuber but
yeah I was looking through my closet
today and I found a supply that me and
David never got around to filming back
in the day we ordered two mo suits and
Dino stirs the Dino t-rex suits I ended
up using I did like a cool fun video
with that where I ran around but we also
ordered sumo suits and we were supposed
to wrestle in them but we never got
around to it so I brought them over here
well I have one David has one so I
brought my one over here I'm going to
pump it up I brought the battery for it
and I'm just going to try it on to see
how I look in this - hi let's do this
Oh
inflatable costume rule manual I don't
care what those four double A batteries
check how can i oh I don't even need a
what how came the batteries already in
there that batteries not included to
wipe it who the fuck use Mike Seaton
you're watching this vlog and you use my
suit you're a snake okay does it work
okay so it doesn't turn on maybe I have
to attach it to something in here like
the t-rex here oh yeah we got airflow
we've got airflow let's put it on oh my
god
oh I already feel so heavy and I didn't
even wait the air in head but god damn
you boy obtained a few pounds diet will
be knob kick this off I need this to the
air that's what it's setting up the
lights to my video right now and I'm
trying to figure out this damn suit okay
so you tighten the wrist like this dat
eight the wrister plate now my legs have
to be safe okay
I played myself octuple my arm backing
is happening
the orange thanks to the airport where
the hell is it
there it is turn on Vulcan something
make me bitch
ah okay I'm nothing else I'm not big
enough guys I'm not big enough I need to
get bigger okay I'm starting to get big
guys just late is having some problems
right now
everyone always closes this door when
one mid when we're mid filming but it's
like a chain reaction you close the door
it tightens up and pulls these lights
very dangerous but you guys are cigar
dude oh shit yes baka
now you see my weight transformation
guys like I'm already huge look at it
instant gaining 500 pounds life hack
trick not really a trick or alert I hold
my god strangling me why so tighter on
my neck yeah yeah we gotta do a little
challenger here
all right guys for the first challenge
honestly is the easiest part but I got
to get a blessed toenail so I got to get
on the table for the thumbnail the first
time getting on the table because I
can't really jump or bend my legs too
much to give a person oh I like the
technique it's although the technique
and once you get here to kill you okay
up Oh what you would yours coming out
right now okay actually adding this
after jump I'm coming down can I just
hop here oh whoa I got hot pillow I
don't I don't know if you can make that
without the two more two here guys
classily one your boys
oh wow how legit impressed ruff oh oh
it's a lot back but you should not be
wearing socks on the guy okay
that's flipper is fuck look the next
challenge is getting down because you
guys know you're a sumo wrestler you'll
have a nipple like some bees quick like
a frog
so I'm going to jump down making the
least amount of sound as possible so
here we go three two one
really absolutely no sound you get up no
I didn't exactly so no doubt next thing
you got to know every two more samurai
to do in the push-up a half a teaspoon
ten push-ups we're going to try and do
50 before where your arms are barely
like longer than your gut of like your
range of motion from extended arms the
bellybutton is ridiculous more down oh
you're good okay I lost me as soon as I
hit the ground
all the air came out of me below this 20
push-ups 3 right here reminds me of your
uh your duct tape dude could you push up
with that 1 2 3
oh oh oh 30 40 50 60
Presi weakened thank you oh my god
there's no how'd you do is decide put
upon man let's go Josh I'll go out to
the sit up it's a good way to get there
this is for go on heads get up coming
your way
from sit-ups not crunchy you bet you get
it up okay 586 230 not good
what oh I lose out every am i doing it
looking awesome
dumpling one ah ah run in that black one
all right sumo wrestler edge but here we
go we're going to pump out some reps and
Ariana Grande's 505 music video I'm
working there aspirin is oh so that I
don't know misuse on there Kari machine
look what you is getting up at 4
centimeters on the turf buddy
ouch the last challenge is a running
challenge how faster it is from the
hosts blue animal ooh this is my baby
dog I want to try a comparison grant
cleaning rollers you're both free to
mock your big fat bastard get in my bed
lately
get in my belly okay by me from there if
you could touch the door handle and back
okay in touch the door handle there how
long you think Mandy how long do you
think it's going to take Charlie titanor
and iocked in 6 seconds 6 seconds 10 10
if you can do it in six that's Claudia
let me get full capacity I'll say so
I'll say seven seven seconds okay get
ready on your mark
whoa I'm not fully hot this is where
it's going to get tough right there you
have a nice wide area here but right
there it gets real skinny
take your road to that area crawl and I
get 15 seconds so I get there I have to
crawl through that from house yeah and
then I can run again but I have to crawl
back to
okay fine 15 because that way the full
five we're going to problem okay ready
your mark get set go
Oh God hi-yah good time Giovanni
Robbie's coming coming oh I stopped it
late at 1603 but I stopped too late
so that was 1512 in 15 seconds I'll give
it yeah Betty though you think bullet
taught me I'm out of this tattoo so we
are running on a tight schedule right
now guys I'm midway through my video but
one of the supplies is not quite working
the way I planned for it to work and it
turns out that at my parents gym they
have a PVC pipe like a thin one that I
need for my video so me and Dustin are
rushing to the gym right now grabbing it
cutting it down to size hopefully it
works
Dustin videos banging right now so he's
amped but I have to pick up Silvia in
like an hour and a half so we only have
an hour to have to completely finish my
video so let's go to gym ASAP okay guys
so we're going to break in the gym and
then hopefully oh shit
LM going off the alarms going off past
24 hour challenge oh go go go go go go
go 24 hour fuckin challenge probably
alive go it off we can't get caught 24
hours in a gym guys it's gonna be wild
bro
I'm about to pass code you hack the code
okay guys so we hack the code now that
we hack the code you just gotta do that
DIY Kodak you can turn on the light I'm
so dark
hit me with the light okay so what we
need from here like I was saying guys
PVC pipe for the main Channel video
bullshit
is it thin enough oh okay this stuff is
beast but we need it to be a lot smaller
so we're going to cut it I wish we could
stay here longer actually I'll do one
ball kick roll over here one ball kick
one rope swing just because we're here
guys trickshot challenge I'm going to
shoot this soccer ball from here and
it's going to go in one of those rings
over there so here we go hit that like
button I actually fucking hit the ring
first shot let's go guys I wish I
control you but that's that's a fucking
tonight oh my god hit the damn like
button that's all I say
here look at that pass
it's all about control guys and one rope
swing because I'm Tarzan oh I can't hold
with my left hand I gotta wrap my legs
around it like I was being perfectly
okay here
Hey
here
although anyways we got the PVC pipe
we're out of here
okay guys we're making the breakout
ready to go okay I don't think I can
move I don't think I can move
all right here counting down okay we're
out we're out we're out get in the car
in the car guys Fitness in the backseat
hold on don't scrape the car don't
scrape the leather seats oh can it fit
it barely fits but it fit let's roll
hold on I can hear a security guard go
go go
we gotta go three guards coming roll
roll roll
holy shit see you know my seal oh look
at that camera angle face dude I said
bullshit kitchen we got the pipe we are
at time to try it out I'll let you guys
know how it goes
my mom's rushing me see that
rushing mom is my job you wouldn't rush
someone at their shift at Subway my
national good me make myself quicker
yeah no you wouldn't okay let doughnuts
my parents they're there means yes you
know you tell your sub workers to
giddyup when he's putting the lettuce on
yourself he's that well what I mean
human being
anyways I'll let you guys know how it
goes so guys no word of a lie check out
the time right now that's 12:40 on the
clock I think we started filming I like
maybe nine took a lot longer than I
expected but we did it successfully
another bang our video I'm exhausted I
was going to workout today
but literally just me running around
being in that sumo suit and everything
I've done today honestly I'm going to
count it as a decent little mini cardio
workout so no workout it's too late now
I'm picking up Sylvia because she went
out with her friend got to go pick her
up he's got to be up early in the a.m.
so come with me let's go get it all
right guys we just picked up the
criminal
we got the criminal dude tanjo princess
he's cute being here today Cecilia and
the dog are now picked up now we can
head home might know ice cream
might get ice cream I haven't done the
vanilla cone ritual in a while so you
know what I've been craving it but I
can't eat that bad right now come on my
diet but yeah I guess Silvia get the
corn I can have a bite of her cocoon so
I think that I'm going to do okay I'm
turning left and I'm going to McDonald's
you should get McCleary all right so
silly I had to run into McDonald's
because the doors locked she had to go
pee really bad so we had to pull over
ah go go go go hi guys you guys go home
so Sylvia ended up getting the Oreo
McFlurry
I'm later I haven't taken my bite but
I'm about to take my bite I'm fucking
current update on the Prince chronicles
Prince where are you oh good boy good
boy good boy look at that I didn't have
to say sit in the guys fat prince now
knows how to sit it's been the second
day of me teaching him Lou this guy's a
fast learner great buddy show him how
fast you learn look at it
I didn't say a word good boy I don't
even have to say a word in Prince knows
how to shit now whoopee he's way faster
under than you but you still get a treat
here come here let me show them our old
and mature you are will be fit hey sit
Wolfie down come on you know how to do
it why are you acting weird down every
time the cameras on Whoopi's like Dom
not doing it Prince is sitting good boy
down cuz Molly Wolfie good boy
I think Wolfie gets read it out when
Prince is there too he's like I don't
know what's going on but now the both
dogs are fully lit tree so that's an
update on the Prince chronicles but
Prince still have to stop spinning man
you're too good it's just like I wonder
how many treats oviya meets if I just
keep sitting good boy Wolfie fit your
brother just did it come on Wolfie sit
good boy okay that's enough treats for
tonight are you going to sit again okay
it just goes default fifth position
snake prince you're a snake
oh my god that cold I don't know why
people come on brain freezes I never
actually get a brain freeze it's always
like my neck are like down here my chest
that freezes so I don't know I don't
want to go to brain freeze when it's a
neck or a chest freeze you feel me
anyways guys Sylvia just went to bed and
look at how fucking cute this is right
now the dogs are laying together in the
same bed in the cage I got to give a
shout-out to my fucking dog these dogs
have behaved so good today so I love my
dog you guys can be stressful at times
but today you guys print you're too cute
man you got a chill room just chill
couldn't principal expelled looking at
me and fucking trying to sleep I just
posted a banger Instagram pic with these
two guys I don't know if you guys follow
me on Instagram but if you don't fucking
go follow me right now at Wolfie that's
it go at wolfies on the screen right now
follow me there and follow me on twitter
while you're at it at will see raps
basically my youtube channel name so and
you know what I - fuck it follow my
snapchat - at will be raps as well
that'll be on the screen - so we'll see
for Instagram Wolfie raps for Twitter
and Wolfie wraps for snapchat follow me
and be active I always told you guys I
always DM you guys back I'm always
liking pictures back so go following me
be active as fuck and if you guys are
coming from this world like the picture
that these two dogs are in and comment
comment whoops on the video okay so I
know you guys are dogs fam and you know
way and and while you add a fucking
comment wolf on this video to wo OS
anyways that is it for today's vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed make sure to go
down and smash that like button let's
hit 25000 lights on this vlog yard you
know what it is a little fab and I will
see you guys soon on mobile T where we
say just a little bit more savage in my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
