I didn't want to have to do another diss
track but but if she's just gonna do me
like that guys I'm coming for your head
talk Danielle good morning Eddie oh
what's that your boy wolfy welcome back
to more wolfy today is the last Ottawa
vlog it's a sad day not forever but
we're going back to LA tomorrow so
before we even begin the vlog my Ottawa
vlogs always get so many friggin likes
so go down and hit that like button
let's hit 35 thousand likes on this
video I don't care if you hit it with
your elbow your forehead whatever you
want to hit the like button if go smash
that like button it'll motivate me to
come back to Ottawa do more Ottawa vlogs
family without bow everything but right
now we are doing like kind of like a
ritual every time I go back to LA we
usually go get breakfast with the boys
or dinner with the boys so right now the
boys are actually waiting at Gabriel's
for me they left before me snakes told
me last second so I got to go catch up
and you look outside right now there's
actually not that much snow left I don't
know what happened overnight but it
rained the temperature went up so I can
actually drive so I'm gonna head out to
the breakfast spot but yo last night was
insane don't think I didn't vlog it guys
last night Dustin had the idea that we
do the what's on my body challenge and
you guys don't know what that is it's
basically where animals get put on your
body and let's just say this happened a
couple minutes until we go guys gonna
have some animals put on me I don't fuck
with animals it's gonna be a lot of
swearing I apologize in advance I'm
nervous because I'm getting animals put
on me you're not getting on me he's
getting animals put on him Brian's not
which means there's more animals for me
and for Bongo sub sub to my channel
Avery I can't even talk I'm so scared
diddly all this one going through my
head is is there gonna be a tarantula
and is there gonna be a fucking snake I
think there will be one of them I'm
terrified of snakes they slither too
fast and this guy this is like a waiting
game I think it's a prank he's gonna let
all the animals down at once bro he said
we were supposed to get here do it
what's going on I don't know I got a
warm mama used to Benchley plates not
wait three plates this is not three
places 275 I didn't warm up but yeah I'm
big one so body weight should be able to
do it you know someone's farming nice if
I can do this right now
three-two-one
that's so light that's so like advice
the boys play
these are one of the animals no sudden
movements
this bunnies bigger than all my cats put
together all my dogs put together I
can't talk off hello give you guys a
size comparison how big this rabbit is
he's got a beard it's laughing at you
come here come here yo come here come
here come here yo come here come here
come here yo
so my friend you
alright guys if I don't vlog after this
you know I'm dead I got the blindfold on
they're taking the first animal the
snake he bites
yelling makes animals nervous yeah well
don't yell don't know you want play
games I'm not even near you they come
for you this is easy what is all right
chill chill chill just breathe freezing
though I don't want to touch it because
I know it's gonna fight ah
it's fighting can't touch it actually or
no yes you could trust the alligator
Soler I thought you touch it touch it
my hands bigger than the alligator
neither yeah is it gonna bite me or not
and I will swear to God I won't but are
you ready Oh
show me his face no prints
even your significant weight why is he
in a spear that's what they do for
protection oh my god that's weird
he's weak I just had a frog on me girl
just said that there's a snake here and
the snake eats frogs so the snake might
smell the Frog on so I can't have the
snake on me otherwise I'm dead no that's
you oh no don't ma me go home are you
down for the snake go ahead you you are
I'm not touching it yo don't move
no sudden movements that's - trust me
Coco's that go closer
Dustin's channel no no no no no what is
he staying so still for he's gonna
pounce she's gonna pout this is enough
oh oh hey go Wanda Livadia Sylvia no
he's coming he's coming
oh I'm ASA daddy got tapping screaming
no I'm not tapping on those people why
is he on my camera
just checking it out
he wants me bro I know so there you told
you guys I wasn't afraid of snakes
through the ball wasn't afraid of them
I'm telling you I'm telling you yeah
yeah yeah all right now let's go get
breakfast final breakfast is king
lasting oh don't worry about it when I
go to LA the diabetes yeah every time I
come here I'd love to get a vegan or
outside the day off right
it's vegan you get up it's literally
wrong it's vegan
okay so guys if you want to see this
vegan or not vegan cheese vegan meat
everything's fake obviously I don't like
that process stuff and then obviously
this is my favorite part and it's not
like I don't touch this at all I love
this I'll see you actually you know I
don't need to change I'll go up feed
your friends yes I love bowling alley
but we are not here for my soccer game
that's the only reason I come here I'm
actually here before the boys and today
we are filming jazz video one video went
super viral on his channel we're doing a
part two I sadly didn't get to be a part
of the part one basically actually you
let me just show you guys I'm sure a lot
of you guys are familiar with this
boxing game basically the goal is to
punch this thing as hard as possible you
get a score the score of the day is like
922 I think I just saw first place how
do you think is the score of the day I
think it's just hop score period that's
really hard to beat but your boys got a
bit of an arm and I've seen the
technique done shout out to my boy
aren't everyone in LA they play this
game all the time and they get some
pretty high scores so we're gonna try
and beat the system today but yo you
know how I always come here and it's
dead tell me how the whole city came to
play bowling today dad's gonna be
stressed and he sees this because
usually every time it's empty we can get
our filming done and cut now there's so
much background noise aliens
Edwin's here pretty much this year
Edwin's it back again no no no top five
teen top five teen this is behind the
scenes this is jazz guys I'm telling you
I just came in third for that pound but
I don't know how cuz I punched it so
hard the boxing glove went up and came
back down so I'm gonna show you one more
but I'll not think it's glitch things
I'm currently in fifth please I need to
get a hundred
how does it connect in connecting all
right let's get mine how do you feel I
don't know bro cuz after that last one
it's like the Machine up and it's like
why you give me a 20 I'm gonna do the
same technique by harder just listen to
the sound
you're spitting for the wolf am spare
change
do you like operator what wome re only
real wolf am will know what is inside
this box you guys know this juggle I'll
give you a quick little hug
that's enough stay tuned for the way via
Instagram pic of 2018 coming from your
boy when I go back to LA this is gonna
be professional you know we're gonna get
maybe another one I don't know who else
has one but someone hasn't but yo right
now we're gonna go to the mall literally
I don't need to shop anymore but with
this purchase Omari mids actually gave
me the idea to wear a jean jacket over
it and maybe like a white tee or
something underneath it to take this
Instagram pic so literally the day
before I go back to LA my one goal is
literally just go to the mall and buy a
bunch so I can take one Instagram pic
first L of the day we found black jean
jackets and they only come in small and
medium we have to find the source I got
my personal stylist with me after you're
in the vlog though yeah Mari miss I'm
gonna stylist all right so here we're
looking for an outfit that accents the
supreme sorta it still shows a bit of
the red I didn't need plain black Omar
found something besides that what a
biased
no no no it might need to be bigger
though because I'm wearing or something
let me try it on KO so it doesn't really
like it fits but like I want to wear
over a hoodie and if I wear it over my
hoodie it's not really gonna fit
especially arm wise it's gonna be like a
tight fit so I might have to try another
store and sorry guys I know on the
biggest height based on YouTube but
sometimes you just need like H&M things
too hard they're just timeless pieces
your timeless dialect pieces I only have
like two blue jean jackets out of a
black I might call this to throw it in
the collection but I don't know we just
came in to another store he came in his
stitches kind of a last resort I never
shop here but yo this black jacket is
not distressed like I'm literally
looking for ultimately a black
distressed jeans
this one's not distressed but it did fit
but not like I tested it over my jacket
because I'm putting it over the hoody
and it didn't quite fit the way I wanted
it to so we got to go to another Lego
all right shout out to my man in normal
he might have given us the clue that we
needed in order to get this he said that
back in the day everyone wore l√∫cia
which is very true everything is now all
tapered and tight-fitting but I want
something loose so he told me there's a
place called like ragtime and they sell
mad vintage so omaree what do you think
of our egg time you should go up in
bullets fired
it's always and they sell patches
individually so like I could like
customize my jacket completely how I
want just take it to a seamstress and
it's good but yo we're checking one more
store in this mall literally I don't
think we're gonna get it here but then
we got a speed to go get that one please
please smash it like one wolf and let's
get this this guy this guy's I'm looking
for someone - I'm looking for my diss
track this guy's not a fan don't trust
wolf in this guy's so guys actually no
I'm not gonna use it be a thumbnail
irrelevant people are not serious if you
are one of my wolf family you've been
day one with me if I go take a picture
with you in public and edit and
everything like that you'll be happy and
respectful but I swear some people just
come looking for hands I don't know if
it's because I dropped check the
statistics but this kid did not check
the statistics oh yeah like hey guess
what he said I took a Nellie's like
y'all we'll put you on keep stir I was
like let's get it I'm trying to get this
Klout bro but uh yeah we're leaving them
all right now just had to deal with some
some walking elves and it's a good day
guys
we're staying we're staying positive one
more stop we're gonna find a jacket
we're gonna find the missing piece yo
we're gonna find the missing piece I'm
gonna look swaggy going to LA with
omaree mythos Mari and by the way guys
he's just a salty fan because he's a
secret oh my whines oh he knows
everyone knows Amari but yo that's how
you know this guy's watching you for
time so he's getting mad because I
didn't follow an eye on Instagram or
something like that but yo you can't
follow everybody please God have
something for me oh my god this story
modernist definitely didn't Park in I
write parking zone so we got to get in
here and get out real quick Maggie
Maggie bones no black denim no jean
jacket here snowy last door of the day
guys Mark's work warehouse Bongo called
earlier they said they have a double XL
if jean jacket and I mean people that do
like that where they are well I like
construction workers and so they're
always wearing it over like a hoodie
inch so hopefully they have my size that
actually fits how I need it to be if not
bad luck and guys the final thing it
fits over this coat which means it's
gonna fit over the hoodie they had one
double XL left I can't even believe it
I'm H I thought this day was gonna be a
flop turns out it's Owen you kidding me
bring back these vibes coconut chocolate
chip cookies we had green go home
kitties I haven't had one these in three
months
Elliot changed me guys tell me oh it's
8:30 p.m. right now and my flight leaves
at 5:00 meaning I has to be at the
airport at like around 3:00 ish and I
haven't packed a thing I haven't even
put away my stuff instead of charging my
batteries literally guys before I go on
any trip the most satisfying thing is
knowing I have everything fully charged
and I haven't done that yet and I'm kind
of stressing but yo I just realized
because I was like yo I bought this
friggin jacket and it fits and by the
way it fits like nice over the hoodie
that I got so I'm super excited about
that because I think the IG pics gonna
be friggin wavy my day was actually
successful I was like why is the neck
piece so thick and then I looked at it
and if you look at this guy's this is a
secret compartment that you can zip open
and a full hood comes out for the rain
kind of cool but it makes the neck like
ten times thicker so Loki I think I'm
gonna cut that off and I'm like I'm
definitely gonna cut that off anyways it
was a successful day I was having a
great day I dropped the boys off at home
I came back here probably gonna take a
bath relax before I start packing and
getting stressed out but yo I went on
Twitter and going on to it was like a
bad move for me because every time I go
on Twitter I'm usually like there's
somebody roasting me or something
I don't even know but today Danielle
broccoli my favorite girl in the world
my best friend guys she came back at you
at your boys head and like I remember
reacting to her song like obviously I
react to all other songs like I gotta I
gotta react the wolf family loves it you
guys love it keep smashing that like
button for the reactions but I reacted
to it and I remember speaking positively
on the song there was like only few
parts that I spoke negative so I don't
know what she is roasting me about but
some of my wolf family you guys
obviously let me know what's going down
all the time before I even know and
you're like yo this girl's talking shit
about you and this girl's about your
song now I've been talking to people
before I can handle it guys like I'm a
strong guy I'm a savage that doesn't
even faze me anymore
but when you talk about my song check
the statistics like you you do know
that's a diss track right Danielle if
you're watching this video that is a
diss track I wrote that in like four
hours meaning if I actually sit down
with a pen and a pad and I decide to
come at your head top which I don't want
to have to do I'm gonna react to your
thing in a sec but if I decided to do
that it would not end well wolf em we're
gonna have the first reaction to
Danielle Berg O'Leary acting to me where
she's roasting me apparently let's just
let's just get it to it we've got to
step in his hot seat guys I do not know
what to expect this is my favorite thing
ever guys I love people roasting me
because it just means you've unlocked
the floodgates so we have the video up
it's called Danielle bergoglio reacts to
bad baby
I got it roasts and reaction vids now
like I said guys I would classify mine
under reactions and not necessarily
roasts because I don't remember roasting
or too crazy but it is what it is we're
gonna jump right into it here we go this
is like most arresting case I've ever
seen in my life but yo this girl's
eating fries she just said he looks like
he wants to be I literally don't
remember saying that man did they make
me sound how bad no anyways I mean sure
I look like I want to be able to not
really I kind of look like a nice guy
but let's continue the video now for all
you young uns if you don't know what six
figures is six digits 600 grand look at
this this girl is
I hate I got a pause it again Danielle
already had a scholarship you know I had
good grades my whole life that's been
done but the fact that I know what six
digits means doesn't mean I'm like
brilliant it just means like I know what
beans are because let's not talk about
that to be the critic that critiques
every small thing with that oh yeah cuz
I called her oh because she wasn't like
she literally looked at the camera
Latian is reading Lionel sighs that was
he gonna call me a dork oh my god
Danielle I'm the furthest thing from the
doric eight and like let's be serious
for two seconds okay you didn't write
the Bartis anybody who knows rap knows
there's ghost writers just own up to it
you didn't write the bars I mean if you
did write the bars it would be it would
be pretty dope I'm getting closer and
closer and closer to having to come at
your head talk and I really don't want
to have to do it like I said guys I just
all I need is a little motivation maybe
you guys hitting this like button
because this stuff is starting to stress
me out like I can't let her slide I
tried being friends like we were all
just like we're good friends and like we
follow each other and stuff she's gonna
call me a dork
I'd call her door it would I mean it's
all good if you own fire can be defined
as a lot of things he were friends
that's what I'm saying guys were friends
you're friends because you know like I
blow your Twitter you follow me on
Twitter like I said guys follow me thank
you one more time I forgot intense
amounts of support this girl is she all
talk
did she unfollow me cuz you know that
would suck because me and Danielle like
I thought we'd go way back but if she's
just gonna do me like that guys that
might be a problem all right guys she
still follows me so we're good on there
I thought I was gonna have to like cry
myself to sleep we're good there is the
roast almost done like I'm ready just
check the statistics because you guys
absolutely slaughtered it that's almost
I like four top oh my god should be the
kind of issue or not
watching the vid she's watching Texas oh
my god she's watching it yo no put some
respect on the chat are you kidding me
you want to play games in you want to
play games like that you wanna play
games with your friggin used role of
friggin with your user all a paper towel
Daniel you want to do this you think
this is that we're playing you think the
song playing no honestly I was gonna let
it slide I was gonna let it slide when
you mentioned that I was a dork
okay that was fine I could do with that
I was gonna let it slide when you said I
should have a scholarship okay that is
fine because I actually did have a
scholarship even though I'm 17 I have a
full-blown scholarship to Harvard that's
not a big deal I got greats but one
thing I cannot let slide is somebody
that disses check the statistics because
that means you clearly haven't checked
the statistics so I might have found in
my next diss track person and as I
recall in my last track I said 100 key
likes and I'll go get rice and I
happened to be going back to LA tomorrow
and if you go one second further in the
video path my reaction look at the next
person boom look who she's dissing next
you want to diss me after I said honey
ki likes and I'll go get raised and then
you want to put rice gum who you've
already roasted a billion times right
after me oh my god
she's begging for guys I literally have
been waiting for this move my whole life
your boy is got an iPhone I'm starting
to write tonight I don't care I'm coming
for your head table Danielle I didn't
want to have to do another diss track
but if you're gonna call me a dork and
disrespect the statistics you didn't
check them so make you check them catch
me outside catch me inside catch me
upside-down wherever you want to catch
me just know I'm about to catch you
outside you unleash the beast and yeah I
can't even do this guys this is
ridiculous you wanna you unleash the
beast here we go
smash the like one guys this is going to
be monumental I'll make a check the
statistics put it that way buddy on the
video I mean I don't even know what
disable the video I'm just there's gonna
be some heat on your head top alright
guys this is it might the boys house
this could be my goodbye forever
I don't think I've ever saying bye
because I'm never never sung again a lie
you'll never see me again let's we go
down
yeah there's no way anyone seen except
for Omar team it's cuz he's coming yeah
Oh God you know I could literally stay
for three years
me and omar going to frigid Callie I'm
going with this sweetie bar Ryan's going
to Jamaica with his mom to hear me
vacation this is one where gave it to
you I'm laughing oh he's coming
this guy Bongo are going to Cancun
that's why Sean you're not doing it
Sean's gonna prove no no no I'm gonna
end up flying off right there though
because I gotta go home finish packing
Sylvia's gonna do my hair one more time
so I look fresh in LA and I love you
guys so much I so like button thanks get
your nigga came from the bottom okay
yeah yeah okay don't get me copyright on
Balu especially because 35,000 lakes on
this blog commenting it came from the
bottom comment down below
yo yo nigga cap on the bottom comment
down below
young bleep came for the bottom bleep
bleep put the bleep oil put anything
else right
I love you so much I will see you next
time you see me I'll be on LA if you
came on the bottom hands on the fire
