good morning and yo what's good it's
your boy will be welcome back to mobile
tea what's poppin
all right we are up bright and early
today is a day where we're doing a bunch
of stuff we're starting the day off by
going to breakfast I'm starving
absolutely starving I could use some
food so I think we're going to go to
Gabriel's which is a spot that serves
you so much breakfast that you can't eat
it all which is what I need right now
because I haven't had a hearty breakfast
in a minute so let's get eating it's a
gloomy day today in Ottawa but the
weather is still you know it's not bad
there's not too much snow on the ground
for a lot of you guys this would be a
considerable amount of snow but for me
this is what a good day is in the
wintertime so we got Gabriel's right
here and then you want to save time when
you're doing stuff so we're going to TD
Bank after because Sylvia has to handle
some business and it happens to be right
around the corner from Gabriel so two
and one bang it out one parking spot one
job let's get this food off your boy is
hungry so I think I'm going to go with a
big breakfast two eggs
we're going to get the bacon the ham you
can Ferno knows the sausage because I'm
feeling the sausage over the ham and I'm
going to see if I can cancel out the
French toast or pancakes with extra eggs
because I'm trying to be a little
topping I'm shaking the table guys I'm
shaking the table trying at those
calories
the food is in food alert I don't know
if I'm going to drink the coffee though
cause I already I've gotten a warning
but I my water here time to munch on my
extra egg meals absolutely done oh my
god yeah I'm bloated oh my god my
stomach's gonna explode anyways now
we're going back there to that Bank
but we have to stop at no WIC first Ally
free apples die Wolfie guys look at how
good of a job these dogs did we left
them home for like an hour well we went
to go get breakfast no pee except for
the corner print one piece hope you
didn't go poop or pee or anything but
he's been such a good boy but the heck
good boy good boy but he gets so excited
when we get home look at it we have
missed you I missed you Fred oh you're
good - I gave Prince a treat Prince is
so happy
look at him oh shit don't trample your
brother anyways me and the guys we all
have a group chat that we always message
in all day every day and I just sent out
a text saying who can help me sell
I texted up in inductive busy today
Academy film we're going to do the
second saran wrap video but he couldn't
make it but luckily dad David and Bongo
can all make it so what turned into was
going to be a banger video is now a
super banger video so I'm just going to
pick up my stuff quickly here so now I'm
going to pick up bungle Nejad then David
and we are going to make some ring hey
you're going to be hateful we film good
boy
anyways I got the supplies here got one
helper - helper that's about it three
helper three helpers we're about to film
a fire Bildad did you follow you out on
Twitter I want this in the blog now it's
in the vlog now so you have to everybody
comment down below
Chris follow chad on twitter follow me
everybody from the pedo follow him
follow follow that word oh you might not
have time and the first thing that came
up with stable needs and bam
that's a phony yeah I have a 90 almost
nine degrees well the more important
question have any of your followers
follow me oh okay yo that's activity
what you're feeling is my release video
to do all okay we got to follow now you
got to follow Jack let's get this home
and you follow dad yeah I mean I think
me in any part of it yeah loyal little
break from the film session almost done
my video but sha need to get more liquid
nitrogen the place closes at 5 it's four
o'clock everyone needs to chill so we're
going to get the liquid nitrogen right
now you add that little your beat card
your feet out Ebro not like I'm checking
out algae soon hopefully the liquid
nitrogen can sit in the back that's cool
if you are I got a drive careful because
you're in the back
yeah yo yo if it's we're all dead okay
guys have a seat you guys we just got to
the place I don't know if they've
watched my blogs I don't know if they've
watched my main channel video because I
definitely upset some shit my main
journal video so hopefully we can just
return this one clean nothing happens
and hopefully we can still get a refill
of the other one last time I was in
there they didn't want me to record so
I'm not going to bring my camera and but
I will fill you guys in on what they say
apparently this guy just said David we
can get a refill you just go into the
back I thought he was going to say I
watch your videos oh my god oh my god oh
he's back so he's having he's helping
David you zombie David you guys already
know I got to show my place
burrito gringo some love I usually get a
burrito but I'm gonna get a burrito
salad bowl instead more healthy I'm
going to try not to get too much cheese
try not to get too much of that stuff
it's been a long filming day and I need
my grub I need entertain feel me so oh I
thought that was long I was gonna say
nice anyways guys I cave that fucking
cave got shaking I didn't get fooled for
- but check this out I got a little bit
of sour cream actually a smiley face -
sour cream got corn which I don't
usually get got to get that protein
pretty much that's it I didn't get any
burritos off because it's my body so is
it water to drink improvement small
improvements here shout out to my man
Dave you already know I had to do it to
them sriracha
you're not sponsoring days-long to me
because you see how much I use this
stuff the bowl is about to get
demolished and honestly probably like
three seconds let's see three two one
here look at that guys finish the Bulls
can't even eat the bowl because too many
calories I don't want pretty much marks
not just finished filming my video what
about the tent I'll give you a top 15
list where is it yeah what on my channel
oh my god guys check it out my parents
actually have glasses that aren't filled
with catch it good improvement guys
Jennifer okay guys my parents might
start a YouTube channel and they're
looking for a name what I'm not doing a
gang sign your work that's basically
they are my mom is white princess my
dad's black mamba so comment down below
what they should be called like some
couple channel where they do challenges
and smash up and stuff like that
crash your path you know that it is what
is it do you like film with the hunger
strike 22 tell me why do you please I'm
not I'm not allowed to do it because as
there's only one who's like mad are you
Danny Batum what's your answer you say
you know what yes but you know the game
look in the rock is the talk about the
trivago guy stuff like and I I'm playing
with Soviet that's gonna be the end of
our relationship so guys we refilled the
liquid nitrogen and I was just telling
David I just saw a video online great
talk and you already know this guy's a
fucking big Marty because we have liquid
nitrogen I looked up a bunch of liquid
ice in the videos these guys throwing it
on his face this guy's put it on a pan
so now I just pull David I say yo what
happens if I put it on my head so this
is dangerous you see it this is liquid
nitrogen guys this is no joke wilfy stay
stay far away but I'm going to let David
play it on my hand because if you just
put a little bit oh my god but
apparently in order to put it on your
hand do not try this at home by the way
guys I'm an idiot for doing this but I
saw a guy do it so I had to try it you
have to keep your hand moving like super
fast because if you do that it's going
to evaporate super quick so fuck oh my
god okay show them a dripping it's there
okay go Oh
okay okay okay go go go oh it's gone no
that's it you can do it
very classic enacted it doesn't like it
feels kind of cold like I don't know
okay that's a lot of liquid nitrogen I
don't feel safe with you having this
much bubbling liquid nitrogen just bring
your hand why have you not run yet
whenever you want
well that's too much for some I'll go
keep it this is smoky okay okay okay I
go you're gonna feel like my style okay
they like you're here oh I have a oh
yeah you have to keep moving because
then you can just see here coolness
apparently you can might feel it
particle moving your hands like the
rolling yeah yeah another to that break
go quick then you should be good
oh my god why do you keep scooping my
incredible thing and yeah right a little
bit with it okay do you leave a little
oh oh oh
including out it's really hard to see
but I have moved lessons fucking cross
where my hand
okay go oh oh no no no no no you guys
all pull this lever
keep putting you put us right oh my
limbs gone you can't see it but you can
see like them do the mobile - multi I
wish I wasn't rich and I was just like
not here oh I don't even know how to get
out now don't do this guys go - this is
a stupid idea but they call me King
stupid hello
what do you mean you can't give me money
bro what what do you mean bro if you
ain't talking money I don't want to stop
by your back girl is this silly just
call me doesn't even bring our money I
can't talk to you girl I can't fuck your
top wolfy you hear that wolfy I mean if
you a talking money I don't want to talk
I'll call you back hold on wait that
again whoopee rewind
I don't care if you're my mom my dad my
girlfriend it's just like if you were
talking money I don't
I'll call you back okay yeah well she's
not try to get late right now me and
your boy young Wolfire headed off home
right now
apparently prince has been wanting to
see me julia is going to a movie tonight
with my sister there is three reasons
why I'm not going to this will be
actually 2 truths 1 lie I'll lift them
off you guys can get some comments below
reason number one I'm not going to the
movie because I have to edit a video
tonight reason number two I'm not going
to a movie because I'm scared of scary
movie reason number three I have two
dogs it tonight I'll give you two
seconds to answer the question down
below and you know what I'll even give
you nice music to answer it to here's a
good thinking music if you get okay well
the answer was B I don't like scary
movies okay guys I've never liked scary
movies growing up as a kid I hated scary
movies there's some people like my
sister and my girlfriend for some weird
reason they enjoy watching movies that
have monstrous pop up in their face
every two seconds why do you like that
why do you like movies that have music
like this oh they're gonna get it look
at a good smile see wolfy
Loki doesn't like okay okay but that
makes you horny a buddy that's not good
music chill wolfy try to drive anyways
guys I don't like scary movies eh I
think they have a terrible storyline
there's really not much to them except
for like killing pretty much everyone
dies in every scary movie but the
top-ups is probably the big thing for me
I just don't like things popping up on
the screen when I'm not expecting them
and the worst thing is I kind of expect
them like it's pretty damn obvious when
something's going to pop up but you
still don't know down to the millisecond
when it's going to pop up then it pops
up you get scared it's just it's not fun
for anyone so I would much rather puppy
fit my two dogs tonight and just kick
back then watch a scary movie
but trust me Sylvia is definitely gonna
fill me in on all the details of how the
scary movie was so I get the storyline I
get the plot except I don't need to go
watch it the best of both ropes and
y'all said I wasn't Cesar Millan Ally yo
Prince you know what to do how old are
you young give me a sit I know you got
it we'll see
sit it takes Prince a little bit of time
guys he's going to jump around for a bit
Prince great hey you got to show them
that he wants it and then
prints it or your brother's wing fit fit
come on you got to sit Prince hey hey
good boy good boy
whoopee hey hey hey I'm feeling you both
Prince I told you dog trainer dog Lee
Lambs it's always
I don't know how many of you guys know
this game but this locust or block is
game was fucking lit as hell I just
played it with the boys
DJ Sean and David are over Bryan Swedes
is on periscope live in the club so I
think Sean's gonna stroll in and David's
not gonna troll I'm failing being
honestly
oh my god was easy and quickly I just
want you guys to comment down below if
you made it to star in the blog because
right now I'm looking for meal plans
like my mom just picked up hold on our
shoulders I'll show you what we got here
watch out Prince Sylvia saw the movies
we look at it my mom picked up some
pre-made meals for me at this place
called the red apron or something like
that
got what please because I told my mom I
don't have that much time to cook and I
need healthy food just ready for me when
I need they won't post office panic even
ivy live block butyl rise please
this guy's done on all platforms but
like that kind of one everything but
yeah I'm looking for um I know there's
like lots of these meal plans that like
sell meal that 10 meals to people so if
you guys know of any of those they plan
to sell healthy food in packages of
people that all I have to do is I put it
in the microwave or put it in oven to
cook let me know by commenting down
below and tell me who I should like look
up or look into because I'm looking for
one right now I need a healthy meal plan
because that will be is here right now
so hook a brother up and help me okay I
love you guys right trick you keep
stumbling back to me do this you want to
troll round what you want you're right
please okay bro get up let's get a few
shirt black I recover for your brother
Prince Prince baby doing hey yes Prince
okay so guys me and DJ beat David and
Mark Wahlberg earlier
I shall we beat them like it was like 74
but we could have beat them like
honestly I was at least 76
no I 7:11 five but we couldn't we were
beating them at five and then I started
back ok bless rum ps4 this is my
territory so now me and DJ rematch and
if we win Sean said he'll delete his
YouTube channel so you all come and
subscribe to us first
I'll update you guys on the score but
we're not playing ping-pong beef will
not be this oh so we called I felt core
idiocy Snickers how are you thank you so
much for this fucking no sir for not one
not needy you got it no look at him hot
easy oh my girl here you go beautiful
you would give secure a a true to
generate really one we won the first
case what happened a rematch is why not
hey if we ever related it to go we have
a rematch then we get to be whatever
team you want we get to pick what you
want to rematch no there it is big doing
this arena know you'll get the same team
you want to retake rematch guys we gave
them a fucking home which means they get
to start going that like the good way on
the ice and we're going to eat you just
because we're not confident and so you
guys are LA Kings the better team and
we're Tampa Bay random don't piss me off
oh geez alright blender running off bro
write it up second game 3-2 even under
all circumstances we pulled through came
with the W gonna give you a good game
David okay alright time to play oh hey
bye guys
now have a good night no it's fine I
really don't want to play guys in shell
again Ivan
I don't want to play I beat you guys
like my time Shawn chill yo can't relax
relax okay fuckin market camera this guy
goes nuts when he loses holy okay I'm
not no guys I spanked the guys in that
board game which I had no clue about
that board game until tonight when David
brought it over I spanked two games in a
row in NHL even though that's not even
my strongest game I'm still dirty at it
so that's two double use I'm taking
tonight and those two double use mean
I'm going to end the day off on a W so I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog smash
their like when let's hit 25000 and I
will see you guys soon on world
we stay a little bit my converse in my
main channel and as always stay savage
like out
