good morning ay yo what's get at your
boy won't be welcome back to more wolf
two just got out the shower had a super
nice sleep I am wide awake right now I'm
about to take my coffee project my
coffee Sylvia is in the shower right now
this girl sings so fucking loud was dude
in the shower I thought why not wake her
up a bit more by giving us some cold
water right here so we are going to fill
up one of these glasses with freezing
cold water and pour it over her head
while she's in the shower here happen
back to warm glass that's nice and close
okay ready
successful successful drink of the day
you know I never do pranks on Julia so
hit that like button and your boy are
gonna start doing more pranks on this
girl cuz she's so oblivious like she
never knows what's going on so it's too
damn easy so quick morning shrimp I am
off to go see the boys apparently
they're filming like a gym I think they
might be doing like a basketball they're
like a trickshot video I'm not quite
sure yet what dad told me to roll up so
I'm going there quick arms just to go
see what they're doing they beat roll a
bit and then I need to go get my car
wash so I was gonna do it last night but
the weather was so bad it was freezing
rain so I couldn't do it but today what
is not terrible I can get my car washed
I've been meaning to do it for like this
I got it wrapped I mean I had to wait 48
hours so I'm very excited to see it
clean again yeah we out here I just
called Josh he didn't answer so I don't
even know how I'm gonna get into where
they are don't know where they are
hopefully this guy answers some more
time more time come on come on just any
get in here oh shit they're vlogging me
guys
they're vlogging me I get it I'm the
only blogger here man
all right so he's not answering so I'm
just going to go in yeah they do a job
so a bit of behind the scenes there
who's the best at each port lucky I
wasn't here early otherwise I would mark
them just forge a channel so it's
basically seeing who the best is at each
port Julie Sean's got messy hair and he
can't kick a soccer ball here
so it's 2:30 right now we still have the
gym so 3:30 just finish this video but
I'm gonna do a few trick shots cuz you
have to know him the trick shot will
start with the basketball here that's
the trick shot
I used to play soccer in my day so don't
be surprised if I hit this shot from
here to there basketball first try all
right
slightly miss one more of those four so
little baby soccer ball gets too low too
low too low here you go guys check out
the talent
here keep this guys keep it
and I just recently started with the
right hand but if I said with the left
hand it's going forever to keep this
watches to this angle though we're
children we are chilling middle finger
all right so I've almost done something
now I just want to do one trick shot
here oh thank god I'm copying a charger
and a battery and then another battery
for my GoPro these things die in half a
second so hey am I get a little tripod -
this is the tripod I'm going with a nice
Manfrotto man throws a blessed brand
quantity please please my first time at
Panera Bread I got three salads
apparently the stars are lit here I got
them all to go and the salad dressing
comes on the side so you boys it woke up
grease again chicken see here I got a
Coleen sound and Chatterbox be super
loud soccer bongos been here a few times
I'm never videos my first hi guys just
let some fans life's good guys I'm ready
to eat my first note of the day keep it
healthy diet we'll see you guys check it
out I didn't even really need to wash my
car because the weather did it for me I
mean the wheels are still mod but like
this is not bad I'll take it
so the boys just finished filming a
hundred nugget challenge in the basement
I just walked down and saw them halfway
through god damn I I can't even lie guys
I had one nugget but just moderation
that's it just don't eat a billion but
have one just so you don't have the urge
to do it anyways Silvia is taking wolfy
jr. to the vet right now apparently he
ate something else apparently this guy
ate a day quilt so they said to take
them to the vet and then they're going
to induce vomiting hopefully he's fine I
just picked up Prince drop them off with
my mom and now I get to eat my salad
guys I even get an apple with my meal
both calling Sylvia to see how the dogs
doing hello yo Patrick we'll see what
they say
a little update on wolfy jr. so they
have took them to the vet
for some reason I knew this guy didn't
like eat a day closer swallow there's no
way you would even like this the taste
because he's a dog you two chewed on it
and spat it out there's no way this dog
with a solidus they forced him to puke
they induced vomiting he puked up a bit
of tinfoil so I think he only got into
the tinfoil before Sylvia caught him but
well she is a troublemaker man this guy
always finds something that you want so
right now I'm headed home to go hang out
with Sylvia for the rest of the day I'm
gonna kick it take it easy at the crib
me and Sylvia are just going to watch
over wolfy for the rest of the day and
make sure he's fine I think I'm meeting
her home right now so hopefully all is
good guys I'm home and I got the man the
myth the legend wolfy jr. himself as you
can see he's got a bit of black on his
face this is from the activated charcoal
they used to make him throw up they also
had to give him another needle put an IV
in right there on that arm so even
though his hair was just going back from
the last incident you had to get his arm
shaved again and then they also shaved a
bit of his bum because they had to put a
needle in there too I think but he's
fine it's a little tired for the rest of
the night so he's going to take it easy
I'm going to cuddle with him for like
the next while and then I'm gonna help
Sylvia take down a Christmas tree
because it's friggin January and her
Christmas tree still up guys I didn't
even know what I was buying but turns
out this is like the best thing that
could have ever happened to me this
thing charges two GoPro batteries so now
I bought the extra one I was just going
to have two extra batteries just lying
around at all times for what I want to
use the GoPro but this thing charges two
at once
and I even have one of those little cube
things to put it into the wall because
it doesn't come with one of those though
everything turned out amazing today so I
dunno if you guys remember but yesterday
I put Orbeez in this drawer if you don't
remember here's a clip from yesterday's
vlog and then in there Chris here we go
the Orbeez are safe it's been about 24
hours since I put them in there so we're
just going to check on them quickly if
everything goes according to plan and
nothing happened I hope they didn't
explode out of the container that I put
them in but I put like a decent amount
of three little packs in so here we go
oh my god guys look at the Orbeez
literally filled up to the perfect
amount
this thing is full of Orbeez
oh so this is from three little
containers and this is absolutely packed
all the water got absorbed by them and
they go to the very tip-top so we're
going to liquid nitrogen is over I also
brought this world's biggest gummy bear
in my plastic bag is still cut open from
the thousand degree knife challenge but
it's still alive today hopefully it's
going to shatter pletely it needs to die
right now I might just give it a quick
little yay
so that's his initial stop the one other
thing that I talked about I know they're
in okay they're right here these are oh
my god they're sharp these are the knife
so this is also one thing I wanted to
try so the knives versus the liquid
nitrogen thousand degree knife versus
liquid nitrogen I don't know what the
hell's gonna happen hopefully it's
something cool but everything is pretty
much ready not that late okay scratch
that guys we might not do the
thousand-degree nice versus the liquid
nitrogen my dad said the change in
temperature could possibly result in an
explosion of the night and then it just
shatters and stabs everyone in the room
so I might have to not do that one but
without there I'll think about it
over my my organic brown rice cake with
my 100% natural peanut butter over by
here I'm kind of teased that we can't do
the knives today but don't worry guys I
got my weapon of choice the GoPro Hero 5
for the slo-mo shot and I got the axe
which is my actual weapon of choice
today when I doing the sledgehammer so
basically I got a bunch of Orbeez here
much more Orbeez here this here liquid
transitions my brother dusted a lot of
liquid nitrogen so there's not much less
than the baby tank we still got the big
tank absolutely fully loaded so what
we're going to do is we're going to grab
this Pyrex container put the liquid
nitrogen in and we're going to start off
even though the orbits are here we're
going to start off with the gummy bear
so for the gummy bear guys I got my
GoPro set up everything's good to go as
you guys can see I got the GoPro app so
you can see what my GoPro is seeing
right now how cool is that very fucking
sweet but we're doing the gummy bear
first I just want to show you guys this
is legit the world's biggest gummy bear
this is not a joke as soon as I take it
out of the package you're going to smell
it there's a really strong holding snow
and it's super super squishy I wanna
make it super hard so check it out I
would to it but diet wolfy is here we'll
put this bad boy here and I just want to
show you what happens well it's squishy
so
nothing's happened I can hit it as hard
as I want with the axe nothing's going
to happen I'm not going to break it into
pirates I don't want to break the
product but we're going to start filling
it out with liquid nitrogen
just to let have a man back he looks
like he needs a nice back guys it's been
a long day of film up oh yeah a little
bit on top of them you feel it it's cold
it it just poured on burned onto my feet
yeah burn my foot so we're going to fill
up the back like so good thing we have a
shit load of this stuff once the bath is
filled we can grab the tongue I don't
know where they are we got our next
lesson we're going to use this to flip
him and he has froze into the fire now
so we can't put him where the tongue I
should have thought of it oh my god the
bottom of him is raw chosen so I'll be
back in a second when he's fully frozen
guys so the gummy bear is fully stuck in
here I have to wait for it to defrost a
bit but the piece that fat looks like
it's pretty rock solid so we're going to
move this out of the way and give it a
nice smash and this is supposed to be
dummy guys so let's see if it's actually
gummy 3 2 1 yeah I don't think so fall
looks like it's not so gummy anymore
it's pretty much candy that's the weird
substance ever-present when you start
chewing it
yummy YUM but it is dummy that's very
good that defeats the whole purpose of a
gummy bear now it's just a fucking rock
saw there well this is defrosting still
under global walk to the Orbeez so we're
going to fill this one with liquid
nitrogen and drop the Orbeez in my goal
is to turn on orbit into like marbles so
where we drop them and they just shot it
that's the goal alright I think we're
going to use the rest of this liquid
nitrogen it just keeps coming
that's it I was supposed to be doing the
Orbeez
what am i doing nobody knows I'm doing
at this point
oh my God he's like convulsing
ok one I tried to get here ok give you
some he's literally convulsing at this
point guy
those gummy bears not liking it we gotta
get the other side oh I think his little
backside is rock-solid
there we go oh he's taking an ice bath
right now this is incredible do you feel
yes yes coming out so now we let it rest
and honestly I was going to put the
Orbeez in the other one but why not do
two for one so it it put a few Orbeez in
here how do you plan to get absorbent oh
I got a lot of dissolved there's a lot
of water in our guys there's a lot of
liquid nitrogen leaking out onto the
table this air is freezing but it's like
kind of satisfying to touch I'll be back
when everything's frozen look in the
Orbeez guys the Orbeez alternate super
white I'm pretty sure because they're
composed of just water they're just now
complete tight so I never get to see
anything cool okay I'll just wait a
second I don't want to touch anything
yet
let's even get an orbiter there oh yeah
we got some more bees these things just
fall apart in your hand so these are
Orbeez and these are what these used to
look like
so before after these ones I'll show you
our squishy you can squish these ones
squish it and then it breaks in half and
crumbles up or you can bounce it in
bounces don't eat it because all these
aren't edible but with the new ones can
you squish it nope you can crack it up
into pieces oh this is pure ice and then
if you drop it it should shatter Oh
especially surprisingly strong look
alright I think it makes it
interruptible having really
indestructible though so we're going to
grab a couple Orbeez and put them to the
real test and the real test is how do
they crush it three two so pretty much
they break up just like guilty so they
turn into like two of them pretty much
now we got a bunch of like ice chunks
here not as intense as I thought it
would be I thought it was literally
shatter but is what it is the Orbeez
work probably works we still got the
gummy bears which is not
here we're gonna bring him out and we're
going to defeat how gummy did the gummy
bear triangle so we'll start with his
head three two one
okay pieces everywhere that's gonna
require some vacuuming will do his body
doesn't break we'll flip him over
she doesn't break looks like we're just
going to have to take them out to the
porch so first I'm going to just drop
them from this height I'm actually gonna
chuckle my the ground and see if he
breaks and if that doesn't work I got
the axe so here we go three two one the
world food is yummy very the world's
like okay that's definitely going to be
a mess
yeah you guys sleep that up because
there's already a mess it doesn't hurt
to make more of it
I hope he's ready to get chopped three
two one
oh my whoa ooh ooh the world's largest
gummy bear is dead that works so well
and you can clean it out yeah nope this
is part of the we'll get my mom to clean
up ciy front porch guys me and my dad
are both watching Ryan on his Instagram
life right now
so the qtg tessaiga judge who's mezack
get that say your big fan of Ryan Ryan
Ryan wait oh if we took over Instagram
virus reduce you know rightly there's no
more periscope periscopes but now I
don't know how many more Styles I can
eat has so many plugins out Wolfie
cannot eat and otherwise food is up here
right now the vet said he couldn't eat
until the morning time because they had
to pump out of stomach so I jealous oh
you didn't you don't get to eat chewing
on a bone because you can't eat crisps
and actually we'll see are behaving
right now using a good boy so they are
you passed out well I'm going to end the
vlog off there still be already passed
over me I'm just kicking it check this
out though having foods already pre-made
for you is so lint like rice karma is
friggin meat this is like the weirdest
combination of salads if stuff that I
like in my mommy for meat your beef is
lit I might even put sriracha all my
salad that's how much
fucking Savage I have brown and the
bloggers out there Briggs is calling my
name right you want attention so I got
to give my dog's attention right now I
haven't seen them too much today I love
you guys so much if you enjoyed the vlog
go down smash that like button let's hit
25 kids e25 guy comment wolf sad which
makes the end of the vlog and I will see
you guys soon with another banger video
oh by the way I just finished a workout
don't think I'm cracking on more we'll
see where we say a little bit more 7 in
my main channel and as always stay
savage Lego
