good morning ayo what's get your boy
will be welcome back to more Wolfie
we're starting off the day by going to
the mall
Sylvie wants to check out some stuff
they also have the watches that I was
checking out last night at the mall that
we're going through today so we're going
to see if they got the watch that I want
I'm absolutely starving right now but
I'm going to start off the day with two
big glasses of water you already know
they've got to get hydrated and then
allowance a little additional
relationship go and then I'm going to go
get a salad but I'm probably going to
get more than one salad because the spot
that I like the spot that makes like the
customizable salads that's amazing
it is located at the mall that we're
going to use so I'm going to stock up on
at least three to four hours just so I
have them for tomorrow the next day
maybe later on today I get a little
hungry I still have some of the sounds
that my mom gave me so we'll have that
for dinner today but basically it's just
a salad grind from now on so let's get
headed off to the mall we are on the way
to the mall right now I got Wolfie jr.
Sylvia has Prince we're handing them off
to my parents for like an hour we have a
bunch of stuff we need to do today's
gotta be super productive
I'm putting aside editing for my main
channel today just so that I can get my
brain in check and then just make sure
everything is done on my checklist I
dressed a pretty classy today so we
addressed that bitch today so we didn't
we didn't plan ahead but I still look
good wolfies excited to go hey hey
delivery and the council like them so
every misprint alright we brought our
sign
whoopee oh that's real come here if you
can make that jump I can't pet you
I'm allergic but I like this algorithm
Oh guys check this out we're driving
downtown this is what we call the Rideau
Canal it's like basically like what
Ottawa famous work super long skating
rink
like you can skate down the whole fuckin
canal that's
yeah I'm not another city but like all
of downtown though there's their people
oh because it's a nice day outside today
and the canal just opened for people if
gold goes I might go there when I'm not
on my dad's gonna be yourself a little
guys we just got to the mall we're in
the parking lot right now but it is
absolutely jam-packed cars coming in
from every direction I don't know what's
going on it might be the traffic because
people are skating on the Rideau Canal
but like this isn't where you park to go
on the Rideau Canal so literally like we
just went straight in looked at all the
slots there was no spot my cars big so I
can't just take one of those little
spots and now we are on our route to the
exit on our way to the exit table jeez
so Sylvia is going to the pay station
right now it's got to the point where
we're not we're not getting a spot in
this parking lot so we're gonna have to
try the one across the street oh my god
oh my god just as I said that these
girls are pulling out so we're going to
grab this what amazing amazing so guys I
got a chicken Caesar side I told you I
wasn't going to do Caesar all the time
but I got to kale kale quinoa cows in
here as well my bottled water and then
onion often either bread steak but we're
supposed to be a little bit just this
lot green rebel it's been unreal senator
absolutely done get this out of my face
we back out watch shopping this time I
brought Sylvia and this time we're in
the good location so this time I'm
finding that Versace watch which is mad
extra but it looks good and then we're
also going to look at the Knicks and
watches these are here in fossils they
got everything Ted Baker River igloo I
need a watch for this hand because the
goals on this end absolutely flop guys
they don't have Nixon or Versace watches
out here which I don't know how to grow
tell us the other location that they do
so now I'm just going to take a look at
what they have see if I like anything
new you guess watch probably not I guess
watch
and then we're going to go to North
German set because I guess they have
them I think I found the watch what I
want guys very simple Movado and I look
way beyond your boy so this is the one
this is the watch guys
scratch that guys I think I'm getting
two watches a black one and a gold one
from Nordstrom even the black ones from
North gym on the gold ones from the
other spot because they still don't add
up to as much as the Versace watch watch
two watches because we not have one so
when I want to be extra and I got one
that's more low-key guys find the best
watch on the wall I found it
what is this Michael Kors what are you
saying why are you making it out of
frigging clam shells
it's like ball let's beat don't ever get
this guys I thought I was done speaking
French but we are back in gatineau right
now at Lake promenade and I think we're
picking up I know we're dropping off
Sofia's necklace because I bought our
necklace and basically the necklace she
wanted was 13 inches that they don't
sell 13 inch necklaces so I had to get
her one and now we have to get it
shortened the location I got it in a
Montreal is not in Ottawa it's only
Indiana so we're back again all right
now or back again oh we're here
Indiana fucking trouble yeah too often
and this is crazy because this is like
literally like the Rideau Center a big
mall that we were just in they have it
right across the bridge and got no I
didn't know that so you learn something
new every day but I have a friggin
migraine right now my head is banging
good bang all morning so I'm going to
pick up some Advil and some water and
hopefully it goes away
everything is officially done now guys
just dropped off the necklace
he'll place down right there he's going
to make a bracelet with like the
remaining length of the necklace not
what is on it yeah now we're just
looking for like a convenience or
something I want to buy some Advil like
I said my head's Bing and we can't find
it anywhere in this mall here who eat
these if they're passed like fingers of
India okay I'm on my diet
oh god that smells so bad well a kid
like kids ice cream no other way to
describe I can't do it so we are home
now guys and I want to show you just
basically what we picked up because a
lot of you guys think I only buy
affiliate stuff but Sylvia actually
balled out on you boy I was like there
was a black box that I liked and there
was also a gold watch that I like
sausages like yeah why not get both and
this she's like yeah no worries I got
you so I got my black watching here this
is a company Movado
honestly I don't know much about watches
but this was pretty fucking expensive
it's a swag a swatch it's very simple
that's what I like to look at rent so
this is I think the gold one oh my
goodness oh my goodness guys how sexy is
this watch right now I'm gonna put this
one on because it matches my gold
jewelry now your boy is gold it out but
god damn holy so if there's any life
lesson guys that I can ever teach you
it's just Bible but I'm all right now
got me talking about my life so guys I
got two watches aka both a tape
oh my god sugar mama sold in the
building so guys this is for a three
year anniversary so hastily though I
don't really know how to take this
plastic off but I'll just keep it on for
now and work with if I can close the
watch you always struggle with this not
that hard one side it's at and the next
time whoo ooh ooh ooh work it work it
work it hey one what hey Kate Gold
upside down no yeah not gonna eat it up
let's get it to focus week so if you
don't know how to tell time then this
watch is bad for you I need to set it to
the right time I don't know how to do
that this watch is not asking for time
time I use my phone for that this is
strictly swag purposes so then we got
that one
oh yes because I like the fucking watch
so much I picked up the same one no I
picked it up but in black from Nordstrom
and they were both at fucking base but
you didn't know that so we play yourself
levar dual edged Lovato edge look at
this case the guy gave us hmm
yeah go the same watch with him black so
this one's for like when I go out and I
want to swag oh and this one's more
low-key but I'm gonna wear this one
today because I'm wearing the Rings in
the necklace what why not throw on boat
right now
oh right now got me now look throw this
watch on same way
can't wear two watches emasculated go
everywhere to watch too late oh that guy
really wants to tell time yes yeah I do
because guess what
but I'll go all right now got me talk
yeah and I yeah I'll usually do this
less on John Tom hi look at this guy's
kid black swag and go to it but the
golden was like noticeably more
expensive for some reason but you know
what wasn't my money so yo both yeah I'm
both when you're not buying it follow
guys take advantage of your girlfriend
and biases customer to sometime happy
anniversary I love you thank you and mmm
I love you okay okay so guys I got two
watches and probably gotta say now I
want to talk with me about something I
up on my video but so there's a baby
video so yeah I'll grab the cam there
guys yes fuckin believe in psychic
alright anyways guys when I was younger
I used to always get like some insane
headaches guys like I had bad migraines
it was terrible I remember in grade six
I used to leave school early
crying because my head hurt so bad for
some reason I don't know I think it runs
in my family but today because I'm going
back on my diet and I'm not having all
the sugar I used to have and I'm not
having all the fats I used to have and
I'm just cutting down because like with
me you're going to learn you watch my
blogs I'm like either one side or the
polar opposite like there's no
in-between I'm an extremist that's what
we call ourselves so basically if I'm
doing something I do it 190 billion
percent that's why I just went full
force on YouTube and I'm the same way
with like every
in life so every time I decide you I
need to go on a diet and just get
absolutely ripped and just get B's I'm
like you know I need to cut out
McDonald's there's no like meeting and
it's not just like okay I'll cut out
like a chicken negative day it's no more
McDonald's no more fast food no more any
of this no more like bread if I eat more
than two pieces so I cut out while I
tried cutting out coffee but coffee
you'll learn is something that has
caffeine in it caffeine is a drug and I
figured out today I'm addicted to
fucking caffeine because I ate a salad
in the morning you guys saw me that was
delicious and had chicken in it I
thought I wasn't gonna get a headache
but because I'm on my extreme diet as
soon as I finish that salad and we
started walking around the mall for a
bit I had the biggest headache and all I
wanted to do was just get Advil because
my head was pounding I couldn't think I
didn't want to get video supplies
anymore I didn't want to do anything all
I wanted was getting agile so look we
legit got advil from like some random
store in gatineau so turns out after I
took the advil it didn't really help
that much well as I came what is it
that's screwing with my head I was like
hey it must be the coffee even though I
don't want to just admit that it's the
coffee it's the coffee so he went to
McDonald's picked up coffee I had to
fight the urge not to get a meal at
McDonald's because I've just been eating
it too much didn't get anything except
for the coffee chugged it back and it
was like a fucking miracle as soon as I
jumped it was like boom just like
without without a head
basically guys as soon as I chose the
coffee no more headache it vanished so
now I'm feeling good I'm feeling
motivated I'm feeling energetic I'm
gonna go to my mom's house absolutely
rob her dinner because apparently they
made some like my sister made like some
homemade katsu or some shit it sounds
amazing I'm going to just I'm going to
go back demolish it I'm going to do that
and they have a gym in the basement
where I used to always work out so I'm
going to work out to kill two birds with
one stone
and after that I might not gonna
guarantee it I might go to the store and
grab some supplies I know Walmart's open
late and their house and there's one
Bangor idea that I have in mind you guys
really like the tinfoil ball so now I
might have fuckin figured out another
ball me button up the chitchat let's
cook my mom I'm freaking starving that
he ate we're here alright please Pat
alert I already
oh shit broke my legs anyways guys check
out the cops look at this this is what I
came here for
I didn't even come here to talk to
anybody this is it there's one for
Sylvia oh she's not here
I was happy booth I've got so many
things on I can never go to Canada
it's my mood right now beating this guy
with one hand a little years which one
else will be taking waterway yeah yeah
that's coming up oh my god what the hell
is going on what is it how you thank you
with my host Lake 21st acelino follow
filming Lila dogs really foolish what
okay tell me it working a hold it well
I'm gonna fight what is going on oh my
god yes I plan so everyone's filming
upstairs but yeah boy is downstairs in
his own hold up let me turn this on
haven't walked down here in a while
we got waste here we got workout clothes
here we got this here we got everything
here in order to get a good workout so I
mean I can't be working out in this
fucking swag like what the hell am i
doing gold watch on nah nah nah I got to
switch it up much fucking better we got
some Nike you already know we got this
bathing suit bathing swim shorts on how
were these because I really don't have
enough shorts after all the fucking shit
I bought these past couple weeks I don't
know why but your boy did not buy any
short so the workout outfit is coming
together you feel me so got the socks on
we're about to hit this workout let's
get it part way through the workout but
I just want to update you guys why is
there a giant oven in my basement like
no TV here I don't understand what's
going on cat puke
stops okay though this crews no but
still why like what are those what are
those huh let me get it this fiber glass
in the back I can't even get any guys
like see what the heck no what the heck
anyways back to the work y'all and just
like that the workout is finished but
now I got to get out of these clothes
because your boy has to go to the store
soon and I can't go to the store like
this it's too cool to be wearing these
damn shorts so I mean like that is what
I am
talking about let's get it so we're
looking for towels in Walmart that
aren't made of cotton but every fucking
brand happens to be look at it for that
what is this caution flammable okay so
we'll grab it oh I almost broke this
Jesus Christ oh yeah hold up put this up
here okay it's just too hard to find it
says it's 100% cotton not so I was
getting at 100% cotton oh yeah okay guys
you got one 100% polyester this one's
not 100% cotton so here but we're going
to get a cotton one as well where will
this one and that's $20 I thought it was
saying how the ones with more bumps work
better for what I'm attempting to do not
encounter all kinds of that this looks
like shit you had a difference here I
need one that's gold yeah we'll take it
alright guys so I'm picking up some
plastic wrap from the store I'm going to
get every single brand so I'm glad you
came this is like the number one then we
got the great value this is like the
Ryan's ways of plastic wrap so we're
going to pick up a bunch of this a bunch
of this a bunch of this thousand-foot
plastic wrap which is ridiculous
it's already way more than the tin foil
I use in my video 305 metres which
equals out to about close to like a
thousand feet and then this is like the
mother of god 2500 feet of plastic wrap
what is this I don't know but I need it
and I need his brother as well here
let's talk up nobody buys more plastic
wrap than your boy wolfy I don't want to
ever hear I used to reveal I guys buy
more supplies of wolfy because I over
buy every single video and ridiculous my
long said I was done like 10 minutes ago
and I was like no not just a little more
and that little more has added up to a
long one
I'm talking me to the house weirdest
guys I'm eating my own custom made
hummus that my mom made me blushing
David's new video God still loves the
boys my mom's like one of Montreal seems
like we're staying in a hotel
come on yo why don't you stand everybody
she's like oh and some bad ones my
sister wants one in the pool my mom let
me handle it so now I'm both Airbnb
hunts by my mom the primary because
going to Montreal we just went there you
guys thought we stayed in the most fit
forever for dirt cheap so I will find
you a spot whose goes this guy's all the
spots that like we were close to staying
in last time I pretty much beat like I
don't know there's not as many options
as there was last time so I don't really
know for like I think it's just one day
I think when you put it down to one day
significantly like reduces okay
nevermind I think I found a spot kind of
looks old here but Wow it has the
parentheses like one here the pool table
got nice stairs bed bed more bet oh my
god how many beds there unnecessary
amount of beds old like kitchen just
like my mom like this is a spot the DIY
kitchens kind of asked though to be
honest but luckily there's no DIY is
going on there definitely there's like
10 bed I think to bed it's 10 bed I
think there's 10 beds each room has Lee
see 12 bed 12 beds of 208 16 get
conference group get away
well we'll win man oh my god this is
messed up the cleaning fee is more than
the house itself why is the cleaning fee
more than the house itself
220 and that's only tired there's a pool
table sofa lounge bedroom concert room
no smoking no suitable for pets no
parties
this place will be in a flash Lajja
Shanker flat mob sorry watch Wolfie
junior and Prince play Wolfie is getting
this bone and trying look at it he's
taunting Prince
they're tying each other out he runs
away and then sometimes we lose and put
it on the ground and then Tom - holy
shit Whoopi's quick hurdles
are you done he's gonna put it down put
it down
Chris Traeger I can get it and then
we'll be like let me take it peace
this is a dog play guys holy shit won't
be chilled Oh
stop jumping with my damn leg prints go
get it here we go
really Ron Wolfie run this is how will
he loves the play you love you in case
I've chosen a billion times but now I
don't have to look at the two dogs wear
each other out Prince you're not at work
eat your Chihuahua you look like a
monkey okay don't buy the cord don't
bite the cord plan zero go again I'm
cooking him good boy
this all ending the night guys watching
my two puppies actually play werewolf
she's not actually beating them up so I
hope you guys enjoyed I'm going to end
the vlog off there because I didn't drop
a video today which is yesterday this is
always such a hospital explaining
basically I draw my vlogs a day late
it's easier that way that's the most
efficient and convenient way for me to
do it because then I can edit the next
day and drop it anyway
I was supposed to drop something today's
vlog day a main Channel video today but
I had so many errands that I needed to
do try to get around to editing it so
now I have to if I want to get back on
track I have to stay up all night or not
all night but for a few probably all
night minimum a few hours okay minimum
and get the video at least partially if
not fully done because tomorrow me
Dustin and David want to go check out a
place that sells liquid nitrogen we've
been looking for this stuff that's
another spot but it's going to require a
bunch of people to get it so I want to
do that tomorrow which means I got to
end the vlog off tonight so I can get
this editing started so I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did say okay now
there because that was really big yeah
now they're definitely beeping so I mean
they were think they were playing
friendly okay flash back to the friendly
clip
see how friendly they are I mean look at
that that's friendship goals but
sometimes
okay okay whoopee Joe yeah Jill okay Joe
Jill movie bro
yeah yes 26000 like that twenty six
thousand likes go down hit that like
button I gotta go protect Prince from
Whoopi jr. those guys a bully
chill bro and that you guys made it to
the very end of the vlog I want you to
comment down below so I know you made it
in your active I will comment back to
you comment Wolfie jr. is a bully hey
stop bullying your bro won't be Junior
is a bully and I will see you guys soon
on mo we'll see where we stay a little
bit more Travers in my main channel and
as always stay savage Lego
