good morning hey yo what's good it's
your boy wolfy how's it going guys I'm
doing blessing okay thank you for asking
guys princes beaten Wolfie junior that's
how we wake up we'll be fighting for my
boy anyways as most of you guys know it
it happens to be banger season I'm back
in Ottawa which means I grind way harder
because when I was in Montreal I wanted
to explore obviously I wanted to vlog I
wasn't as motivated to drop main channel
videos but as soon as I get back to my
home you already know your boy is about
to clone banger so I just texted David I
think me and him are meeting up very
soon DJ also wants to meet up because DJ
has a drone in yesterday's vlog we
didn't really get any cool drone shots
of the car because it was so cold in
Montreal when we got it but we can fly
it here it's still pretty cold here but
yesterday was just freezing so we're
going to try and get some sick
cinematics of the car it might be a
little dirty because we can't wash the
car for 48 hours after I got the car
wrap and I just drove on the highway for
a minute so there might be a little bit
of dirt but you guys will get the JIT
it's a fucking bad-ass it's a beast okay
it's a beast this Abbey thing again I
told you look at Prince Prince is
actually Loki hard she doesn't even bite
you just like you just cage wealthy and
then watch this I growl once because it
will she gets out of hand hey Wolfie and
look at that just like a good boy guys
I'm at the grocery store picking up
supplies this I'm not eating cuz I'm on
that heavy diet now but I got this
Caesar salad I'm picking out the cheese
of it because every salad here has lots
of cheese and there's no like tender
greens here like they have in LA which
you can make your own salad which is
amazing all night I was looking for one
of those but we only have something kind
of similar also I got balsamic instead
of Caesar salad dressing because that
stuff but obviously like one of the most
fatty one so I'm going hard haven't
eaten yet it's like 12:30 I know I
should have started eating earlier but
like I'm working on it guys I'm small
improvement for politics with diet we'll
see we can no longer eat these croutons
guys so he's got to go here get out of
here cheese
would you get those hey not I'm not I
hate you know I hate Reese's so you get
you enjoy with that whose are those in
your day
oh you in the bag to make your supplies
yeah that's the bag so anyways guys are
going to pick out the cheese and the
bacon because we don't want it we just
want the chicken and the lettuce and
then the balsamic and the lemon the
lemon
the only thing bad about getting a big
car is how much you're going to spend
for gas fucking gulping $100 is about to
go out of my pocket right now just to
fill this bad boy up but it is what it
is so it could be you gotta feed it guys
katana number two just came in I'm using
this for my thumb oh okay I'm moving my
phone so I need it open and it's gonna
drop again I'm so slippery oh okay I
feel like it's a prank guys I'm getting
a box inside of the box so that better
not be another box inside of it
oh yeah David's got um the other night
motor school as you know that house I
don't even need it
actually you know I do need a truck here
can you give it
hello I mean who doesn't like that wish
that kind of alright oh that's crazy not
like I just cut open a katana oh this
one looks way more expensive than my
fucking one that I already bought and
this one's only 30 bucks guys get this
one on Google check this out check this
out guys this hole has the gold tip gold
here some bowl times the Hiroshima
buh-buh-buh and then the dragon here the
dragon is the key feature with the bat
leaves right here how badass is Outlook
but let's see how sharp a book oh okay
then bad and I don't know what's on it
oh this is hua Zhu clean email loyal
they use especially the blade isn't dull
but the little bit smaller than my other
one but it's still don't know I need a
bit Hey no but it'll make a great
thumbnail right now Dustin's helping me
out by tying these lights up to the
thing my parents said they're going to
get smaller lights because if you
haven't noticed in every video I do in
this kitchen the lights always get in my
way so when I saw like this
really yellow and there's a lot of glare
it's been fucking me up since day one
and every single time I'm just like you
know what we'll just film it anyways but
these lights need to cut so we're going
to tie this light to this light this
light to this light this light to this
light and make some Rube Goldberg / Rube
Goldberg convention their invention one
of those things plate plate a click
through Goldberg machine one of those
things Rube Goldberg machine the things
that like one thing happened to then
another thing push it in blows it up and
you guys knowing how to wrap on the
cleaning the video just went well now to
play the latest katana and then go back
to my house
me and David are flowing another video
for his channel so busy Sunday and you
guys already know the lights are off but
the only way I can turn them on is yeah
yeah put it aside my other DS one right
here got it to the collection that's two
I might get more though the setup is lit
the lighting is up now guys it is time
to film David's video principles to view
the video so battery Hey
ah you want to be in the video Jesus
he's hyper you're so hyper Prince come
here why are you growling at me this is
the skinners growls kiss kiss it's a
kiss good boy what are you doing you
thinks I'm trying to bite him guys
anyways Prince is ready to film we are
good to go you're too small yeah so
small and he loves my gold ring guys he
just wants the ring okay huh you're gold
digger dude dude dude you guys you just
don't really did okay all right guys
just finished filming David's video it's
a banger now I have to take wolfy jr. to
go get his hair cut his eyes clean we
got him literally everything I spent
like money on a fucking haircut like I
got him like the eye treatment the the
nails are gonna grind his nails they're
gonna do something to his ass like a
bunch of shit
so they're hooking them up we are
cleaning up now silly just went to go
get will be junior he's with my sister
right now I'm taking care of prints and
then as soon as she gets back I'm taking
wolfy jr. to loeffler pet store
not much anymore the back door you guys
know what it is as soon as we finish
filming videos oh I gotta lock my car
BAM
lock the whip we are going to stay in
there all mall with David I don't really
know or looking for I wanted a pinkie
ring and I didn't really find a pinkie
ring
at the place we're in entry also I'm
going to see if they have a jewelry
store I can find something here so the
whole semi music oh yeah David got a new
whip yo the smart car you're showing the
brakes rode those brakes are crazy
no it's great you're bigger than the car
yeah we're going to go check if there's
a jewelry spot and then I'm on my diet
so I'm going to see if there's a nice
place where I can get salad like where I
can make my own side I know there's one
in Rio mo but sailor ah I don't think
they have those options like we're just
not living in LA
everyone's not trying to be absolutely
healthy so it's harder to find these
locations in Ottawa guys so I'm looking
at more rings because ever since I
bought this wondering which is like 1
day ago I need a ring to compliment on
my pinky finger so I'm looking for
something I think I found something
absent like heavy 60% off discount here
so it was in this section I like these
modern rings better than I like these
one and recently I found myself like
it's like a jewelry better so I'm going
to buy think one more ring for my pinky
and then I'm going to go to the bay and
let's go watch it so we want to get me a
watch for our anniversary
I got it something and then that's going
to be it for my jewelry and this now
because like we are number one Tanner
and spanner
yeah really yeah 100% hi guys I just
picked up Sylvia's ring this is
definitely facilitated it's definitely
not for me but it just happens to fit my
fingers so this is the voice of jury man
now I'm going on looking for gold
watches and they don't have the ones
that Sylvia recommended me in here so I
was a quickest trip ever
oh the Michael Kors isn't bad it gets
too small for my wrist I got a big risk
so I need a big watch anyways now we're
on the move again guys I literally
thought I lost my bag when we thought I
did was my banker just in the mall we
are taking so many photos there was
honestly ridiculous amounts of protein
Japan Wolf's am out there so shout out
to all them but I kept telling I was in
a rush traffic ticket will be junior
from the hair appointment in literally
pretty much 20 minutes we're more than
20 minutes away clown both have to speed
to get them you can still be a filming
right now she's footprints you can't do
it it's having two dogs so look go
stressful but it is what it is so now we
are headed full-speed on our way to go
to Wolfie hopefully his eyes are better
yeah look another so many breaches that
he hadn't stopped raining we made it
with ten minutes to spare time to go get
this dog he's just taking them out there
I can hear them in the back you know
your dogs bark just like you know your
cat's meow commission come listen she
said his face was a little bit like you
didn't like your face because obviously
guys faces II just don't want your face
touch but everything else he said he has
a really good dog so I'm excited
basically what Wolfie should look like
because this way is coming out of so I'm
assuming he's going to look this fresh
where is he
closely driven currently he panicked and
jumped in his water dish so here the
blow Josh's blow drying them off again
right now Wolfie I tell you not to jump
in water dishes man right whoa pussy ah
I love you I'm trying to solid place so
our mom's gonna be making me cut some
salads here she's gonna be my personal
salad bar and I'm just going to get my
files here pick them up in bulk and eat
them and maybe have some free time I've
been good today guys look at this diet
Wolfie right now we're going in up some
homemade salad my mom made it even got
her own homemade dressing I got some
vinegar right here because this shoots
healthier way less fats in the Caesar
salad shit so I got to be off that the
most protein I'm getting is some fish
and checking out there be eating this
light is messed up is everything but
refreshed
to England God yeah you got to eat this
and then we're doing a late night
workout until apparent cilia staying up
the rest of the night to savage but I'm
going to work out and hit the hay
because I got a long day ahead of me
tomorrow
good those noodles just happened I
passed out on the couch after working
out last night I just felt so exhausted
like I couldn't even pick up my phone
charge my phone to my phone's all of
that couldn't even make my way to the
bed I just needed to sleep so it's the
next day
but I'm ending the vlog out there I hope
you guys enjoyed if you did
let's get 26 thousand likes on this
video you already know wolf Sam go smash
the like button if you haven't already
also if you made it to the very end of
the vlog I want you guys to comment down
below half asleep okay half asleep
because right now I'm fucking half
asleep I can't even open my eyes
purposely but I will see you guys soon
on the Wolfie where we say a little bit
more savage in my main channel and as
always stay savage Lego
