good morning Aeolus kinship where we'll
be welcome back to more Wolfie we're
saying buy the house right now the
Airbnb is no longer a thing picking up
the car we'll pick it up at like 3:00 so
you get kicked out of the Airbnb at
11:00 so we have a few hours to kill the
guys can you recall a Bongo at 12
o'clock so maybe we might get the car a
little bit early but so we can't stay
here anymore so it's nice to see you I
love you your bathroom was amazing the
showers were weird but their rules and
now we're out here
you guys know we have to pull up at
Schwartz's for breakfast I've never had
coke me but fucking Montreal is
notorious for their smoke me problem
with a bus some food kick some pigeon
neck trying to hate pigeons
well they're not like Toronto pigeons
are like they're kind of nice no no no
it's fine thank you though I'm making
video video on take care what is he the
guy offered to take a picture back I'm
making a visit or I'll beat your oldest
beep does I'm getting a smoked meat
sandwich with a side of fries meat on
meat
yep got my nice oj and then actually
let's see what this looks like
never had much Errol told me but I've
been excited to try it for a long time
this view out here is not too bad it's a
pretty nice day in Montreal the tops a
little I've been pretty nice like five
degrees dislike positive whether or not
in the negative so I can't complain I
got my little jacket on rip this bag
open oh my god let's see this oh my god
cool meat sandwich take that I don't
even know where to start how do you do
this this is a message down to my life
that bomb blasts over grope you that's
how busy guys I tried to finish the meal
I couldn't do it I couldn't even touch
my fries your boy is loaded
I don't feel too well right now so I
added much as I could but I saw this on
the wall right here people are from
Ottawa right here so show love branch
run I'm gonna flip this cut oh stop
bought a lot I'll have no what the heck
look at this view guys we got the whole
fucking view of Montreal right now this
is called more I am and what the heck
whoa I'm on the top of the mountain back
we have nothing to do guys are killing
time for out here but what a heck I've
been out here for 30 seconds guys
already heading back to the carts and
cold for this ice on the ground
try not to slip we got fucking guys
these guys are like ski snowboarding
snow snow snow snow shooting shooting no
I don't fucking know what they're doing
hiking
no what the heck is your whole bag is
you crazy
maybe $5 to jump and fly all the way
down there this one off terrain being
looking at rescue through it the little
extras such as what the guys were out
the mall quickly approximately one hour
until the car is ready not sure if I'm
going to show it in today's vlog I might
but I might not because I might just
save a whole video on it for tomorrow's
vlogs I'm very excited the guy sent in a
few previews pictures of what the car
looks like like kind of it was like not
even halfway done so I'm sure it's gonna
look beautiful I'm fuckin ham now we
just got to chill an hour of time at
this mall Ryan's gonna buy boxes Stephen
Beckham's amazing bread
got comment down below Calvin Klein or
David Beckham Calvin Klein's Oh
piqué piqué so I die is a homer and
just below the camera stick you to the
bed face be attentive lover you're going
for the children's exit this is
specifically for joining home bitches
Oh pull Oh mom oh oh he's going for
underwear quick anniversary shopping for
Sylvia in here which one do I pick
hmm here we bought it guys we bought
something I'm not going to tell you what
it is you'll see it soon
because I just don't want Silvia to see
exactly which one I got her she said she
wanted something from the store she said
so I had to spoiler three-year
anniversary coming up oh these guys are
still going off on the ring okay guys I
also caught some new year in VR demos is
gold and silver at a jewelry store I've
been wearing the same Versace earring
for so long I wanted to change it up a
bit and these are wavy oh my gosh moist
wagon oh right now so we just got you to
please guys in the car but basically
here's the car oh my god this is
beautiful the red touches are they make
it so unique guys don't you leftist red
Oh Oh guys guys guys guys guys the
inside of the handle is left red
whoa-ho-ho you open it up got red on the
inside guys this is beautifully
beautiful nobody has it nobody nobody I
just thought oh my god alright time to
fix it so guys you shut it - Yannick
from bucking overlay leave the sticker
on there this guy did a freaking amazing
job I told them to satin black because a
lot of you guys that just go with matte
black so this is technically like a
matte black a lot of people said gold
but gold is too extra and red and lack
of always with my favorite colors since
I was a kid so we blacked out the logo
just like the old car but it's got a
blue M break this is red in here you can
even see a red in between there a little
bit of red here that nobody would even
see but it's just a small details red on
the inside like I said it's just fucking
beautiful and then red in the very back
so it just makes it look like a special
edition the lights are tinted out and
blacked out a bit and then this was
dirty I said get the M stripe on the
front so with the black the three colors
and the grills oh my god then last but
not least we got my man Drizzy Drake we
can never take this guy down
the license plate young wolf the racing
seats in this car this one has a racing
seat
quality crap hit the like button for
this guys this is amazing I'm so fuckin
excited and if you guys want to see more
details on the car all you got to do is
let me know in the comments by saying we
want to see more of the car or by
hitting a like button and I'll do like a
full rundown of the car more than I did
with the unfix but god damn my god we
got to go back to auto I got to show
everyone this
but go and fuck it I got the gold ring
the new gold earring guys you already
know we got to park my car in absolutely
Narnia right now we are behind the
burritos Pablo we're back in Ottawa I'm
starving
I just want a good burrito haven't
really eaten today it's been not all day
driving but a fair amount of time
driving so can I go pick up a burrito
with Longo and Ryan and then go pick up
wolfy jr. to my mom's house bring them
back to my house and then finally get to
sit down and just kick it with Silvia
I've been waiting to just fuckin sit
down all day
gotta get a workout in today you already
know today I told myself for getting
back on that grind to not taking a Red
Bull because I want to just be energized
off of the workout so the school guy
Wolfie this burrito is phenomenal
goddamn free drink trying to pick up my
nigga wolfy jr. and then head back to
the crib off the dark mark I can hear
barking from like a mile away what is
this dog saying though wolfy poop
sorry let me remember I am woopi-hey
yeah you know he knows oh oh oh oh hey
oh my god hey oh he's going crazy
Oh shucks guys one of the worst parts
about coming home or not coming home but
leaving home and coming back home is
unpacking I hate it and I bought so much
stuff allows in Montreal I lose balled
out I found so many pants as you guys
already know but now I have to clean up
this mess and I don't really want to do
it but God do what you got to do this is
a diary a Prince's I hang pants all
right what's the pastor for you very
rare
hey dark no no no this dog I've never
thought all of us a smell so bad to come
out of such a little creature because
this guy's on a deworming stuff in the
syringe deworming medicine because he's
gone an ER is a hotel diarrhea so like
literally he farts non-stop and he also
hey poops not sup and it's diarrhea and
literally squirts out of your bumper
it's so gross farts it out
but wolfy the G and we'll be actually
starts to play the French now hey tell
you that this is rather Li love right
wealthy he was happy when I got in with
his good boy
and now what he knows when he's playing
to other friends because I'll let him
know by giving him a quick little and
then he comes right to me just like this
company sits down good boy okay love
Prince come here pretty good boy your
diarrhea man Oh Wolfie don't be my
boyfriend and so let's put this ish away
Wolfie are you ready for your new
walking sweater that I got you hopefully
it fits you it's probably not going to
tell you but come here ah guys look at
these nice black pair of jeans oh my god
these skinnies until they make it funny
if you're wearing this shirt I have like
a Where's Waldo sure I don't know why I
bought it it's super extra but that's
guys though I was like fuck it I'm
getting this figure out alley off the
hook at some shit like that
OTE something something much y'all
really stands out I like to stand out so
it's good anyways let's get this on you
buddy princes jealous princes in
Sylvia's Tesco house coat she liked it I
know I'm killing come here he likes the
bike gold I know you buy something ready
to write good boy okay yeah you deserve
attention to come here come in boy
whoopee
show them how you look okay it might be
a little too small for him and then zip
it up yet because I think it might be a
little too tight
whoopee gotta take the tag off oh let's
get this thing zipped up okay it's all
done up Wolfie looks like a good yo-yo
all myself yeah you know what it is so
you got a few cards got a few guns on me
hold on Wolfie show them your belly show
them yeah yeah you already know what it
is getting a gang right i'ma shoot you
in your face you already know my good
boy we'll see
all right you're keeping out
ever so I just wanted to take a second
to thank you guys so much for fucking
supporting me with the car stuff and
with YouTube in general I just it means
a lot to me and I don't thank you guys
enough so I wanted to shout out to all
the wolf and whether you've been like a
day one supporter or whether you just
joined yesterday you guys are the reason
why I'm here you guys are the reason I
am in the position I am in today you
guys are completed a reason why I was
able to get this car you guys are the
reason why I got this color this is all
you guys okay so this car is the
official car for the wolf am so if you
guys ever see me driving the car out on
the road make sure to say what up I'm
going to say hi to every single one of
you guys back Prince is just kicking it
right now what Princeton's also very
appreciative to all the support all the
cute comments you guys send it down in
the comment section below saying how
much are you bein princess Pinos do
something big okay your good luck see we
get it but you don't need to brag but
yeah seriously thank you thank you thank
you so much guys it's been one of my
dreams to get a car like this for so
damn long I never thought it was
possible if you were to ask me like a
year ago if I thought I would be in the
position I'm in today there's no fucking
way I would say that I'm super cocky
okay I've always been super cocky but
but even being cocky and all like I just
it was you there was no way you could
predict I would end up being in my
position I am right now a year ago
because a year ago I was just making the
same old videos I was doing the same old
joke I'm still the same person I'm still
doing the same stuff but I guess a bunch
of people just saw my channel so
shout-out to you you guys are the true
MVP give yourself a pat on the back
right now and you hit the like button
and you know this wolf am we are hungry
for likes at all times
doesn't matter if it's like an emotional
moment doesn't matter if it's like a
celebration moment we're always getting
those likes and now Prince is falling
asleep okay let's go buddy like I always
say guys this is just the beginning
this is the fucking oh my god the
current mean it just looks mean as hell
I'm excited to drive it every single day
this is going to be my every single
Baker but who knows okay I've always
wanted maybe a smaller car if that's a
hint or some of some sort or what I
don't know where I'm going with this but
just I might get a little seat because I
want a big body card which this thing is
my fucking big body tank at all times
and then just just what I want to just
cruise
just me and Sylvia there might they
might be like a two-seater or something
that I could potentially want maybe
we'll know if I don't even know so yeah
just look out for that in the future and
other than that I fucking love you guys
let's get this working on let's start
this workout ok guys so I just finished
my workout I did a quick worker I'm just
getting back into the swing of things so
hopefully we can bang these out every
single day my next mission
the next mission is just to eat a lot
healthier because I haven't been eating
the healthiest lately so I'm going to be
looking up a bunch of places where I can
just get premade salads like a lot a lot
of them so it doesn't involve any
cooking it's just like I throw the
dressing on it and everything is good to
go so that's the next step Prince what
are you doing but I'm going to end the
vlog off there I know it was a bit of a
shorter one but I can have the day
driving and just getting everything
sorted out just to get my life back in
the swing of things so if you enjoyed
this blog make sure to give it a big
thumbs up let's hit 26,000 wolf Sam
again I hope you guys enjoyed the new
car so comment down below if you made it
to the very end of the vlog new car gang
ok I want you guys to comment new car
gang this is only the beginning I'm
going to say it a billion times I'm
going to sound like a broken record soon
but this is only the beginning wolf am
bigger and better things coming soon and
I will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay just a little bit more
established in my main channel not to
savage but savage but just a little bit
more stuff is in my main channel and as
always stay savage Lego
