good morning ay yo what's image away
wolfy welcome back from more wolfy and
do my intro yeah what is it what's up
guys I hope you'll be more savage than I
made sound of whoosh I hope you guys are
having a fantastic day there was a crazy
snowstorm in Montreal last night
my room was true ah yeah I know my
friends it's freezing so much wind
banging against my window all night long
today there's puddles everywhere this is
probably like 6:00 minimum 7 meters deep
minimum 800 fuckin 700 billion kilos
wide we're going to get breakfast it's a
little windy outside yeah my hood just
blew off we don't know where we're
getting breakfast there is a Tim Hortons
around the corner I'm probably in a
scoop coffee there I'm wearing my new
pants and I got a new shirt on we're
layering today guys we are layering our
outfits pretty swag but yeah we're
getting coffee there and then Longo said
that there's like this breakfast place
right around the corner so we're gonna I
guess try it out you wouldn't snowballs
at me is it pack them so this one's ice
ice book but I didn't do so much success
on my channel
oh my god and speed walking begin guys
this DJ is on a lead really mean mood
we're passing up those who's at the red
light we're covering Pacific oh my god
and he's taking over particularly oh
shit
he jumped you guys are actually linking
to skip the puddle come on Ryan Aalborg
occasionally Vijay is falling behind
here's unaware that this is a racer you
kick it up oh please nobody's good right
it's good
they're moving pedestrians out of the
way now okay I got it I got to see a
mountain I'm running I'm running and I
still can't see why
oh shit there goes there goes and Ryan
wins congratulations
ball goes in there second better luck
next time another day another
five-minute walk to the breakfast fund
guys we've been walking for 15 minutes
don't know one we're going to get there
but these guys are speed walk so
how much further okay guys we'll be
there in one hour
in another five minutes you know how
much further you said that said then I'm
said that watch another twenty minutes
we are now walking back the other
direction guys how much you know record
more how much waited why do we start a
bathrobe what we have arrived at Timmy's
otherwise known as last event Tim or son
so I just got my friends who know the
shot of espresso no we're waiting on the
orders but bond was an ass together as
well
foggy itself there we go long enough to
get the orders because we don't really
see French in the girls just behind the
counter over there did you eat let us
assume English she's going off she is
going off oh this is his dooba dooba I
don't know that how many you know double
double thank God my order is just bacon
cheese panini sort it says because it up
there's like hey fromage just cheese you
know so I can get that or Ryan why is
this lighting so bad look at the hole in
right screw this is on bongo Jim Fargo
just deliver the first one guys wouldn't
you say bro Jesus Aipom for my
discussion tomorrow we need such a Reza
I'm about to devour this meal watch this
three two one yay yeah it's done okay
I'm just joking guys it's delicious Oh
mmm
hey guys my car is so fucking dirty that
I'm gonna fill my name with it you eat
oh my god this is disgusting
this is really good could have been
better still look at King wolf Wolfie
haha we arrived at the mall guys we are
balling out again
stay true you already know what it is
I'm wearing my new jacket I didn't want
to wear my goose yesterday when I wore
my goose the goose is just it's amazing
quality amazing jacket but it's too
fucking hot
can't be wearing it when you're shopping
somewhere Bongo
we're at Licari sold so idea was mall
called run run and we're going to fall
out the mall goes all the way down that
way got a red sack there goes all the
way down this way got an espresso that's
how you know what I called you guys I
don't even know where to start is here
Jean the third time Cermak who could
leave the rest Rebecca Sarah again for
like 700 times these are only shoppers
so I just gotta wait until they're done
cuz I don't fit in anything but truth is
that rumor has it that is that true is
that Michael Jackson himself shopped at
Zara because the whole wardrobe is right
here hey guys rumor has it the truth is
that odds are they patch up their stuff
before sending it out and then they just
put like bear safety pins on the belt
just to put a repetitive shop please
like even made me a custom flutter here
guys w4 wolfy and w4 win and they
actually made Ryan one to be four bitch
a little corporate boy oh boy or bomb
boss laughter oh boy guys Ryan
absolutely love these shirts with like
the pre rolled up arms so I'm just going
to bring them one and if he doesn't die
laughs and I'm going to die laughing one
of us get a die laughing deal they have
pink jackets over there pictures yes
trust it if you're a manual hop on my
right I'll give you $5.00
oh he's literally giving information
people that's so bad I'm gonna wicken
them all giving input on we're in
walking right now 33 to 50 who buys that
saying thank you
I don't have to be on track y'all know
which is Jack Jack can hold them of the
hook here for people so much bigger
you'll get you did a whole book guys I
literally picked up every pant they have
them all on my side thank God
if these sorts it feels like these are
wandering yeah yeah yeah DJ DJ no no no
DJ put these on put these on this video
is guys
the guy has bare bare pantry maybe no
one's hitting those no no you could
easily what do you mean got all these
occurrences on little say they're
showing it pictures guys show us the
ticket
okay everything that's a leave that
makes it like double-layer like you put
them down have to do it all like yeah
okay sir
Oh your guys Instagram can you follow me
tell you get a phone so here's a pile of
what I was going to get I chose three
pair of jeans I'm sweating just because
of how much fucking jeans I decide on
but the boys do I go I might get new
shoes they do listen we already noted
his even the dogs are getting or
converge right now again print some nice
hoodie the gray one because the great
ones the most way to block on finding it
dirty quick is it Molly dogs oh he's
absolutely tiny tiny like he'll grow
into it and I have a bigger dog - that's
a small that's like three times the size
of my dog people will see okay this may
a little bit with business you have
medium we'll see if I'm a little bigger
disease okay
I have rescue not red not red three guys
are low key flex with my Instagram and
watch it so give me free stuff right now
so we got a hat got some laters we got a
dog thing or a fucking thingy your boy
swag another walking shutter to walk in
Montreal walked out
you already know I guess let's go photo
shoot guys walk in you already know what
it is some boy
is another one
so get this man Charles
you see what you do thank office thank
you
all right guys shout out to walk in
where is it car car horn car for little
our car for without you you see French
but they're right here in Montreal they
hooked it up like 20% literally I just
fucking whipped up my whipped up my
Instagram randomly on the screen and
then the guys I feel a kink use videos
Oh blah just got hook up hook up I got
this hottest way me we're good I had to
stop a jugo juice to get me something
because I couldn't find the Booster
Juice otherwise so I got it instead of
to this man for hooking me up at walking
he hooked it up he already know get me
on a loud track raindrops pops up a lie
rain drop drop top we going to the
faceshop
you know this go soul behind what he
said if you don't have no money
Dennis I know that Bennet - no no I
don't buy clothes here because well it's
awesome - I having a little burrito and
some orange juice but you cannot forget
to have the Chipotle Tabasco sauce so
does everybody just Alonso sir not being
at the counter with us
here come the in Hyannis parents I
ordered a blue button we got it done I
guess I got chips I've got myself into
some compost not only ANOVA yeah good
we were just cutting across the street
quick and I was just like - Bongo say yo
Frogger and then this man said watch
Roger I have no idea
and he said jaywalking is that what
progress nigga Frogger is the most
classic game of life are you talking
again no chicken is like when you go
head-to-head and you have to move out of
the way whoever thought of it as a
chicken yeah but Frogger is the game
where you cross the street as a frog one
hop at a time and don't get hit by
traffic you don't know that hey slowly
I'm sure that's progress Brian's head
because DJ's know the Frogger to
advertise they all call one girl call
any of your friends if they don't know
progress you guys had no childhood
absolutely zero childhood cuz Frogger is
like Jesus at the punk like you click
everyone knows Frogger it's a classic
who are you calling them all and K bro
just have some more Frogger is calling
this late skin boy your let's Landon
what's Frogger yeah thank you no no no
no no no you a context Oh give him
cosmos crossing the road crossing the
road Frogger what is it crossing the
road
Frogger thank you thank you
Toronto man don't know like oh we're you
know I mean though Roger you can't you
baddies means call any of your friends
that don't call anything honestly it's
not a seat hahaha
call any white friends growth Frogger is
that
you look like a cake bro I'll call
security throughout the genome is good
it was very old here exactly here you
next to come to beds up what's project
crossing the street Frogger
crossing the street Frogger you know
that it thank you all right well I'm
your I give up guys I give up
so guys a bit of sad news basically my
data just cut off when I was like mid
text on the phone apparently I went over
by you know like a decent amount like
some people go over by like you know 1 2
3 maybe 4 gigabytes I happen to go over
by 29 29 might have used 29 30 gigabytes
of data last month I don't know how
because I put on Wi-Fi wherever I go I
just use my phone oh I'm always on my
phone so don't know what happened but
now mom's always calling him we should
get my slowed sick because I just called
my parents and I cut off the data for my
whole family we are all on like a family
business plan and they're older now so
ah I gotta give our phone back you can't
just go from having that much data to
going to no data I mean like I'm not a
Wi-Fi guy okay my job requires internet
I need Internet I need internet
connection I need to watch youtube
videos on the goal need to see these
trends you know so please everyone smash
that like one tray please guys its prey
for me let's get my data back hashtag in
the comments down below tell us move to
get in data backs 2017 we gotta do this
Obama just left president okay big
things are happening so just because of
that just get my data back
so I completely forgot to end off my
blog yesterday but that just means we're
transitioning on to today right now I'm
in the Airbnb it is like I think it's
like 6:00 p.m. I just finished editing
all day I've been editing literally all
day showered I feel clean I'm in my new
ripped jeans you already know what it is
apparently there's kids outside of our
Airbnb right now they've been here for
like honestly I'm gonna say 40 minutes
if you look there you can see a shadow
and hold on they'll come back in two
seconds now there's another shadow
they've been peeking in the Airbnb for
like I don't like you to lie because I
don't want them to know what's in here
but they've been here for 40 minutes
it's so cold outside they're crazy
well I couldn't I'm alive because I was
editing a video long and went on and
talked to them and for some reason they
just stuck around here
so think we're doing a little bit of a
meet-up at the mall tonight that's
probably where we're going now so maybe
they meet us there but these guys
literally thousands of my blog I guess
we didn't really show too much I might
have showed like the street I guess in
my blog but they found it and hidden
your 40 minutes now so we're going to
try and pull some next mission we are
going out the back door I was a garage
they might be waiting there could be a
full army of people waiting we we have
to go eat we have not eaten all day
we've all been grinding and sleeping
today so we gotta make it out of here
alive without being eaten I'm shook up
actually sure this is fucking scary
give me shadows in the front door I
don't know what to do all right guys
we're making the Great Escape right now
opening the garage being super quiet did
you go I'm gonna duck down in my chair
when we go out of the garage we can
either go this way or this way which is
towards the front door I think we're
gonna try and make a break for it this
way we haven't been going that way but
there's like five shadows in the front
door now he's in like an hour I don't
understand guys long ago you went out
and said looks good like he was super
nice about it we already tried so I just
took the house is weird me just opening
the garage guys I guarantee they're
gonna be out here waiting for us guys
Oh nobody nobody look nobody nobody they
don't know we got a bump off they don't
know it they has no idea
get in get in get in all right guys DP
is almost in no one around the corner
yet that's the way there we gotta go
this way I'm sorry guys if you're
watching the vlog and your head we
already said what up and after that like
I gotta edit my videos to get them out
so we got a cut we haven't eaten all day
I love you guys though and think we
might have made it
so guys Bongo is going around now we're
just going to see who's outside because
it's been a while but is there so people
cheering outside the front base no
doesn't look like it right here we're
late we call the ricotta because uh
because of oh my god no go go go go
please go Coco you're Ryan why is there
a penis on your window huh why'd you
drop in it I lifted some I drew up
anyways guys so we are headed off to the
Eaton Center that's why we decided we're
going the Eaton Centre in Toronto is
pretty lit this one has nice ratings on
Google so I trust it I just sent out a
snapshot to say to invite some of the
wolf slam there to meet me it's like
last second is help so I don't even know
if anyone's going to roll but hopefully
a few of the wolf am come down say what
up all the boys are going to be there
hopefully we can eat first before there
is a shitload of people if there is what
I heard Montreal has a lot of my fucking
fan so hopefully you guys come and see
me if this is a day late and you're
watching this like shit
why should I went to the Eaton Center I
mean cotton it's gonna suck but you
should've came I sent out the snap if
you're loyal have me on snap you should
have read you guys five guys never fail
to disappoint on the fries this is
supposed to be it but you just get extra
yeah I got a burger I'll do that my
burgers here guys well those over here
so guys I got my peach Bellini for free
at this place they hooked it up with a
teapot we've met a bunch of fans so far
but I'm starting to think of the
in-center munch it all is just not the
mall we should a website but it's nice
to me all the Wolves out here everyone
who's coming up to us is mad chill shout
out to all the Montreal fans you guys
mean the world to me
next time I come with order the the care
care for that i fellow moms will go
there we'll go their respective time I
come back I already know if I hit this
water bottle trick shot everybody
watching the video is going to get a
crush from their text tonight hold on if
I hit this one oh you're getting so
you're getting a text from your crush
150 protect and if you don't all text
you because that was a cookie shot okay
I thought it was too nice I wasn't that
nice yo some dude is renting right now
on periscope about how me and Ryan are
making a weird attempt to trying to
troll his chat and specifically say I
don't know who the fuck you are at all
bro you saw me I'm good but he's got a
good tell you I'm not very lame what you
mean bro we thought Paris cool bro peril
of one Paris girl wrote that said it's
not about them we're whoring it's not
about the company we thought that girl
you want fun take what do I do have a
little bed fucking gold to chat and
troll them what do you mean I'm a kid
course I'm gonna reach the place titles
here we go right why do you want to turn
it I don't you go ahead Mia I was like
working the views thank you
you just research you seen it guys we
got to stop this this periscope has gone
too far I got it I got a message from
like a fan today and apparently they
have this update on periscope it's
saying people are saying like malicious
messages I think it's from us to be
honest I don't want to do this from us
because I don't think we have that power
but at the same time it might be likely
might be a large contribution to why
they're going to be sexist and people
permanently on periscope so we got to
stop this you know right please maybe
we'll do one more tonight who else
the guys laughter chill were too fucking
strong right now we'll bet guys don't
mix a message on this girl's hair scope
but literally it just said that your
message was hidden like I think the
malicious stuff about this envelope it's
official I don't even think you can say
rise please on anything anymore
it's done we might have to switch it up
bro we might have to switch your name
it's gonna be do you know you know who
rightly join Oh
please bro please I need to see this
Brian suede said what's up to the boat
you read it come on come on
ah you know who I am hey why does
everyone keep asking about me are you
writing so much not know he is sorry
guys so we are back at the Airbnb and we
are chilling for the rest of the main so
I'm gonna end the vlog out there I hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did make sure
to go down press that like button let's
eat 26 thousand instead of 25,000
welcome you already know what it is
if you guys need to the very end of the
vlog to show me that you made a comment
down below read that I don't know why I
said write definitely wait for this
definitely fuckin sub read over there so
red bed that way I don't mean to the
very end of the vlog and I will comment
back to all the people that do because I
read all the comments you already know
don't think I don't read you guys I see
you guys down there and I will see you
guys doing on more we'll see where we
stay a little bit more cyber than my
main channel Oh stay savage leggo
