good morning ayo what's into werewolf II
welcome back to more wolfy I hope you
guys are having an awesome amazing day I
hope your day is more energetic and more
like fun packed than mine right now
last night I passed out hard on the
couch right there it was like not a
really good sleep I had a pretty tough I
was sleeping fully clothed like I was
sleeping the dish shirt on this I'm
recycling the same clothes I got to
switch these off ASAP because they don't
smell the best okay last night I slept
with prints up here and all I remember
like vaguely last night is Prince was
like sleeping with me for a bit and then
I would put him in his little bucket cuz
this is what the breeder told us to do
put his bed on one side put his peep out
on the other side and then put his food
in water in the middle of there that way
he can't really see out of it because he
freaks out when he's away from people
but if he can't see us then he doesn't
freak out as bad so this thing
definitely has came in clutch but as the
days go on this guy gets more needy and
more attached to us and he literally
look he cannot be away from us you can't
be away from us you need to be on my
foot why do you need to be on my foot so
if you just want to go take out Wolfie
junuh to go pee and this man I want to
show you what this guy just did this
guy's a savage I swear to God
way more savage than when Wolfie was
little this man was barking over here
cuz I was just right there in the
bathroom just peeing I had the door open
cuz I wanted to make sure that he wasn't
gonna do anything crazy
this guy fully Olympic pole vaulted off
of the couch onto the ground
and sprinted over to me in the bathroom
while I was peeing just because he can
be away from me for like 30 seconds this
dogs absolutely crazy and he eats like a
friggin truck you don't stop eating look
at this he's going back to go get more
food stop anyways the first stop of
today I'm picking up some supplies while
trying to find some supplies for a
certain video you guys know I love my
magic trick my trick videos my life hack
videos those are so fun to do for me and
I have a new one that I want to try it
but I just don't know where I could find
every supply so it's probably gonna have
to be like a mission half a day's gonna
be spent looking for the supplies and
then I can film the video Wolfie your
jacket swag you kinda look like a girl
though put this hood back look at this
guy why are you attacking your brother
you see this hey buddy
ah look at this guy he's too cute Wolfie
just went out and took a pee all right
you ready to move we're gonna start
making moves buddy he just doesn't know
his own size guys last time I came to
this store
was embarrassing his fuck because I got
stuck right there in the m6 that's the
vlog I couldn't show you because I
didn't want to show my car yet but
Sylvia had to come rescue me because I
couldn't drive out and I couldn't see
because the car was so small we're back
with the big boy now
long McQuade we're picking up the
speaker's here this is the new location
they just changed locations of this
place which is dope because it's like
5-10 minutes away from my house like
pretty damn close and I called in and
all morning I spent looking for this
speaker like a specific speaker well I
was looking for different speakers and
then I found the exact one I needed I
called in that like we have it I'm like
bless so now I'm here I just asked about
the speakers and I actually just found
them they're right in front of my face
so easy a sale of life we're already on
to the next level location so guys it is
purchased but the one thing I just
wanted to say about music stores long
McQuade I just asked the guy was like yo
you guys have aux scores like auxilary
cables
I haven't said auxilary cables cuz I was
like maybe he doesn't know an aux cord
you know what I mean this guy was like
there's no such thing what is that only
Sally in state into some shit like that
so I picked it up cuz I didn't wanna be
rude in front of him but I definitely
put it down I didn't buy it cuz like
this guy brought out a 10 foot cord I
don't need a 10 foot awkward I said you
have any like 3/4 cords no cable Citadel
Dakota cables so now I'm just gonna go
to Walmart where I actually go there
myself fucker get it because when you go
in a music store they talk to musicians
they just don't speak the same language
as you if you guys know me you know I
don't like asking for help when I'm here
when I'm anywhere basically but on what
I need let's go drink it we're good to
go it's embarrassing to say but we still
don't have a broom at our new house me
and Celia have gotten away with the out
of room for like I guess we've been
living there since September October
October November December is January now
so like three and a half months and we
don't have a broom in the house so on a
copper broom because it actually no I'm
gonna get the smaller one I can't get
the old-school and so I'm not sleeping
in a musical but sweet sweet actually oh
this one's dope cuz this one's kind of
short and also you can like you can
collect the stuff easily so this is the
most convenient one because like there's
nothing too much to sleep in our house
like it's just me and Sylvia so this is
just like post video supplies Toby's
gonna be amping up getting this now
because she's gonna be like Oh finally
only up to your fucking mess anyways
like I was saying I don't ask for help
so I'm gonna find these tubes on my own
me Angela's hope no it's all good Angela
I just I don't
Angela it's fine hi so there's different
departments we got home organization
lighting flooring hardware doors
insulation and lumber which one uh
appliances and kitchens
I'm good with insulation yeah he knows
Ryan's ways he knows Ryan's ways sweet
nation was that real he knows to a
station okay I will get the picture I'm
gonna cop this self-fusing silicone
silicone tape because I don't know I
think it just it's for plumbing and this
definitely could be used if I fail in my
video so we're gonna get this but I
think I wanna get the black one just
black Norway V yo guy from long McQuade
you'd be happy to know we found the 8
inch here yo let's see if we can find oh
I think I found it room these are the
tubes I need except smaller smaller
versions of these ones not clear vinyl
tube that's it okay oh this is smart
what you asked it yes the lady I didn't
ask you anyone has she told this to come
for this no she didn't it's fake I
didn't ask anyone guys okay
what are these pipes for are they so
long yo you find it and I'll tell you if
you're if you're hot or cold you find it
and I'll tell you if you're hot or cold
amazing guys here it is the pipe but now
I need one at one last thing which is
like I guess one of these connectors to
connect the pipe to my what's it called
what's it called post my hose miles guys
I've heard of some crazy snow blowers
but I mean who's this why do you need
that much protection from the snow worst
case you get some snow of the face like
it's not that serious $4.99 beans at
Lowe's guys Universal snowblowers Santa
cam guys I'm going to do the most
detective work ever the other day I
bought a nerf gun I didn't have
batteries for it I don't know what to
use just a Sylvia to check what
batteries there she doesn't know so I
did some inspecting and I'm going back
on a vlog from like a few days ago and
I'm gonna see what are the batteries I
made fun of in the vlog that I couldn't
use
hold on I'm gonna scroll back a bit hold
up hold up
look at this big gun guys but it's gonna
look way more badass once I get home so
yeah I'm gonna figure out the batteries
and then buy them here so I can use it
when I get home we're pretty sure I like
this we're supposed to follow through
here it is guys we're gonna figure out
what batteries I need Oh what do I need
6 1.5 1.5 volt D batteries okay double
A's
these are the D ones I don't know how
many volts there but need six low I'm
just gonna assume yeah these are big
boys
these are V batteries C button all right
we'll figure it out I'll take a large
mango hurricane please whatever you do
just make sure Scrambler up yeah just
just Scrambler up thanks I appreciate it
Oh almost dropped it this is me when I
get my mango hurricane guys we're
practically the same person guys
this is me see it's just that props
perhaps yeah do you see my pic on
Instagram I was like 100k likes I got I
got the juice one thing I always like to
do is rate them on how great their
services guys so that's great good and
needs improvement so I'm just joking
much better hey guys as a guy who made a
video of do you Narayan sways watching
it on the 80-inch tv all of these nation
Matthew were getting blocked so you
might get blocked why one that's funny
all in conservation is people I probably
seen this question so much now luckily
Dustin is here guys I need something
okay this is gonna be our water flow
guys for the video there's gonna be our
water float hopefully it doesn't go up
into the air Oh crazy water trick you
all right Pete this thing that has float
so yeah I have this we're going to need
to find something that attaches from
this to this I know I just watched some
stuff at Lowe's but because it's
freezing right here in Ottawa look at
the snow apparently the hose isn't gonna
work in the garage rash
so we're gonna have to make do with what
works and what attaches to this in the
kitchen
what the hell is this you this is it's
on the camera guys my dad just got shot
in the eye by the sink because as you
know it just shoots straight up so there
you go
where's the end of the sink did we put
it in the bag or did the girl keep it
did she I thought I grabbed it back I
don't know it is you might have no end
of your sake oh the girl mine I swear I
grabbed it wow that's the first bag the
tannery bag stinks in your friend fuck
at some point I forgot to add the store
though what you got pranked
you got break ground anyways we're gonna
fill my video in about ten minutes I
just need ten minutes to sit and then
it's gonna be banger season alright guys
so we just finished filming the main
channel video I have a huge headache it
took way longer than expected there is
stuff everywhere so wet floors wet
buckets wet cats I have to apologize
publicly on a vlog - this guy looks I
told him I would be done in my video
like three hours ago what time why they
started in - I started at two o'clock I
texted Sylvia because she's filming
today with Prince at home and I have
wolfy jr. with me my mom has it my mom
has Wolfie jr. with him but uh
Sylvie I told her I think it was like
three o'clock and I was like you know
I'm just filming a video I'll be home in
a bit it's now 8:30 it's been a bit yes
technically it's a bit of time so I have
no clue what she's doing I fucking check
my phone but at least you got out a
successful video guys bought the right
winter boots boom boom boom three pairs
I'm gonna go with the biggest ones cuz
my feet are definitely the biggest who's
Jordan blue I don't know
hey buddies I've been wondering who tell
her that's not easy is the Jordans hey
you the Waller against world hate
packing up guys it's been a long day so
guys I finally set up the nerf gun the
mega boom Mastodon I think that's the
fog I put in the batteries and it wasn't
working for some reason I don't know why
I think it's cuz I had to close the
safety over here but now it is up and
running I just fired the first shot and
now I'm gonna fire the rest of the shots
on camera and I'm gonna aim at something
I just need to find a target so Ryan's
way looks like a good target ah you know
what that water bottle right here I'm
gonna put this water bottle over here
and then fire away I'll close the
bathroom door so I don't get any in the
toilet now set this down and go to town
alright guys got one water bottle in
sight
gonna hold the monster down like this
and just go to town let's load it up
oh shit Rosie have your water bottle Oh
light blessed
snit down yeah look at this
Rosie sir Wolfie scared is he a scared
ah holy shit
okay guys so you guys know I have a
billion mighty bugs in my house if you
don't know what a mighty mug is that mug
is unfillable okay you know what
obviously I'll give you a demonstration
it has suction and it has balance on the
bottom so I can hit any side kick it
kick it okay it was on a crack there but
if it's not on a crack it's not going
over so it's unscalable
essentially but little bit nerf that
kneel and knock it over honestly I don't
think the nerf thing will be able to
knock it over but this is nerve done
versus unscalable mother I got 24 shots
here yo miss some nice sound okay hey
maybe I'll go I'll go lower end first
the mug is like fuck you I'm not really
and there's no liquid is not bug at all
guys no liquid mighty mug I mean if that
doesn't show you how these your product
is but she should definitely sponsor
baby by the way that's all I gotta say
it just ate those bullets up alright
guys so I set up an obstacle for Dustin
try and hit put some girly tape on the
wall and I have a nice paper towel thing
there so basically you just getting in
one bullet in it Oh in it in it yeah not
hittin it the angles not like I mean
it's pretty impossible
you said setup an impossible shot wrong
I'm gonna have to go from turn mode just
tonight from oh yeah sniper but you have
24 shots on surgical edition so Allah
hey OH
jump oh oh my god no right before you
shot it's rolling back up here guys
round number 2 so we taped it up again
guys and as you can see fuck the door up
which I guess Gorilla Tape it's too damn
strong so I switched a masking tape now
we're good alright
load her up for some reason trust the
sights on this okay that's a Miss I
can't saw so I miss you're not getting
close oh you hit it nope you hit it okay
you hit the tape not now you now you
just now you just okay alright alright
definitely definitely not resourcing do
it there you definitely just didn't get
it fucked it up you working on
oh my god we're the tape go how is it
that powerful the genius is an issue
bundle it and it goes here you shoot the
next politico's here yeah like there's
no way there is no heaving it's too big
heavy duty 6d batteries in this thing it
definitely doesn't involve that many
batteries but it's a strong fuckin nerf
gun alright guys here we go I see if I
have better accuracy than Dustin you
know what if you get it I'm gonna Loki
be a really upset I wanna lay down the
gauntlet snipers snipers lay down
there's no way you're shooting you pop
shut up and I'm going to lean back on
this wall for maximum stability
more to the left Oh Oh now it has a
trick you can't take it down shit fuck
oh come on come on yes so close oh shit
why oh we can't get in there you can't
get inside
I swear I hit the front like four times
but it is what it is you get what you
get I'll take it so I just drove Dustin
home Ryan went to go kick it with Bongo
and jad and I'm ending the night off by
watching my two dogs play together
they're spending some brotherly bonding
time in there Wolfie is a little more
rough but he was kissing prints and look
now he's just kicked back so I'm gonna
end the vlog off now it is earlier than
I usually end the vlog albums I'm just
gonna spend the rest of the night with
Silvia and the two dogs catch up on my
sleep that I've been missing out on so I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if you
did go down and smash that like button
let's hit 25k wolf am also committed to
the very end of the vlog I want you to
comment down below brotherly love in the
comments down below
rather these for comment Wolfie jr. and
Prince I ever won and I know you made it
to the very end of the vlog and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we say a little bit more savage in my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
