good morning ayo what's get your boy
wolfy bright and early I hope everyone's
having a fucking awesome day guys as you
guys can see I'm in the caramel seats
right now on my way to go get the new
car this is my last ride in the old car
it's sad me I never fuckin month but I'm
very excited about getting the new car
the Sun is killing my eyes right now I
should have fuckin wore sunglasses but
me and Bongo are going to the bank real
quick to get the money that we need to
pay for the car and then once we do that
everything else should be good to go and
if everything's good and everything's in
order then I get the car and about 40
minutes my time probably like three
minutes your time get excited so we're
at the BMW dealership right now I'm just
about to guide Bongo through this narrow
pathway we're dropping off the BMW m6 as
well as the tires that's why we're
pulling the car around because we need
to bring the tires they're huge tires
we're bringing them up here and then my
car is inside waiting for me I just saw
with the license plate and everything oh
that's dirty whose man is this who's
King wolf is this let's get it so here
it is guys the new and improved car I
told you guys I was getting another BMW
and this is only the beginning I think
I'm probably still gonna get a sports
car but I've always wanted a sports car
and an SUV but this is going to be my
SUV so the SUV I got is the x6m some
cinematics
we got the black interior in this one I
will do a rundown when I get home but
this is the car the license plate I got
on the car is young wolf you already
know what it is King wolf is for the
sports car young wolf right here all I
gotta say is this car is basically the
same car I had I'm getting it wrapped as
well I need to know what to get it wraps
I'll comment that down below there was a
lot of comments on the last one I got
overwhelmed comment a sick color for
this car down below and I'm gonna get it
wrapped within like the next couple
weeks so hurry up and comment something
blessed but yeah this is the m6 except
four-wheel drive so I'm gonna be safe
and I'm still gonna be burning everyone
on this street let's get all right guys
so the first track I'm gonna play in the
new stereo system bad bougie-ass tested
so how does it work you should own fuck
this shit
you know what BMW Ivor one sure okay
glass I don't care whose beds is that
yeah who's this is Michael Buble Charlie
are Brad and Bujji unmute where I'm you
rain drop truck stop smoking don't cook
in the hot ball Kurt you fucking know
you bitch hear that
let's roll okay guys so I'm pulling up
to my dad and my moms at work my mom I
just showed her the car she liked it my
dad is here I didn't even call him I'm
just gonna see if I can rev the engine
and get him to come outside no clue he
could be with a patient right now I
guess we'll see neutral here roll the
windows down
see if he comes listen to that guys I
was louder than the m6 holy fuck
guys another day another elbow thumbnail
the thrice Channel four views you need
these views real daddy raise a tough
money roll tough one CPM yeah we'll talk
about that later guys open your mouths
everyone look with the fucking camera so
you mean it's not a lot to be a guy
that's what you gotta do to me really
sucks and giggly yeah yeah actually got
a film this thumbnail be right back guys
check out this gift basket they gave me
when I bought the car Thank You autos
honestly I'm gonna give a shout-out to
autos BMW and Ottawa
they were fucking nice as hell they
walked me through the whole process
everything got done perfectly they're
super nice they're in Toronto they were
nice but honestly I felt way more
welcomed in this place and I got a gift
basket here I didn't get this with the
m6 I got wine fucking mug it's not a
mighty mug though a wheel for some
reason like someone to put my friggin
deodorant and everything Blue Ribbon to
BMW colors you already know I'm excited
as hell this car just from driving it
like already for like probably an hour
so far Wolfie hey it's beast literally
beast four-wheel drive is so much
crazier than just the rear-wheel drive I
feel like I have way more control over
the car the new sound systems insane I'm
super happy with this bike I'm just
leasing it I'm leasing and I'm not
buying it but I'm super happy with
leasing this car I still want to get the
sports car figured out and I want to
look hard in it but I'm gonna say this
one more time guys please comment down
below what color you want me to wrap
this car don't say anything that's crazy
cuz obviously I'm not gonna wrap the
thing I Drive every day in some next
color but if you think it looks fresh
this car is the BMW x6m
okay x6m not just x6 x6 M so look it up
find what colors look less on it and let
me know in the comments guys so they
gave me an I ain't mousepad the comment
I don't have housing outside just to say
you need an i8 get me to buy more stuff
give me gourmet truffles these are lint
so you know they're fucking bomb 2015
Chardonnay turning up tonight with this
is only right ripoff mighty mug
oh why cuz I like look hey Prince I'm
trying to film here but Prince oh whoa I
actually need that Susan heavy
screwdriver Sam bro like all the mini
screwdrivers big heads and like pliers
pliers yeah
very handy oh man oh this'll wheel
what's in this one oh is that a shirt oh
it's a shirt cause here I'm not gonna
wear a vos jeux shirts
all right last yielded clothes was for a
girl god Gildan here let me throw it in
the trash
Julie oh it's all good autos you tried
and you gave me music to use on the new
system what is that though who is the
dancer that's so soldier boy she has the
new Meek Mill finalized shit's fire guys
won't believe this unbelievable and you
got a nice aluminum bowl ally that's the
only thing I fucking give a shit about
math yeah I will be my grill on my shirt
like why do I want that
welcome to the Otto's family we are
dedicated to ensuring that your
experience be one to remember we hope to
be of assistance throughout your journey
made a road with your new vehicle be
paved with joy Sonia collar and alright
I will take this put it here but this
Home Depot alert we are in home people
I'm looking for more torches because I
don't really know how much gas I have
left in my mom's house because Dustin
using my brother used it I used it
cheese they're good jokes I thought they
found the torches anyways yeah we're
looking for some power supplies cuz like
I was saying I honestly don't know how
much stuff is left at my house so I want
to buy like two more torches maybe a few
things are propane I wanna get the
yellow one there was like a blue one and
a yellow one the yellow one gets way
hotter so I'm doing the samurai sword
cutting the tinfoil ball today
I need the supplies yo yo DJ where'd you
go to get your lineup bro this bro it's
looking a bit rigid hear ya bro guess
what that just takes a wiser mind to get
I just do combos fuck I want to visit
like a girlfriend just I want to make
her dreams come true but I just don't
even know here so the one girl just told
us to go to aisle one or two for
blowtorches now this man is taking us
direction have no idea where we're going
I just want to blow too
I know where they are and lows but I was
like fuck it we'll go to Home Depot
Bongo called them on the phone they took
forever to answer so I was like fuck it
we just check because we're here now and
now we're just doing laps and just
making puns out of everything
oh fuck out he made a pun out of
everything here here yeah these are them
and this is it this one's way fucking
hotter blast alright guys we're good
they got way more options here - and
honestly guys I think I'm either gonna
get a saw or an axe as well after
because I just got the butane and the
torches now I just need to get something
that's gonna help me actually open it
cuz I don't know if I trust the samurai
sword for getting it open personally I
think I need minimum at least an ax or a
hammer we have a mallet okay we'll just
get a small hatchet oh alright or a
fucking pickaxe is that fit guys mining
for fucking runescape gold running for
rune adamantite I used to play shout out
to all my Call of Duty players I'm
getting a tomahawk AK just because this
looks badass and I've seen it in cod and
I'm getting a pic I'm not a pickaxe - a
pickaxe a crowbar because crowbars beat
people up bad so I'm pretty sure this
can do some damage guys this is not a
joke clear is torches on torches on
torches on axes on fucking propane for
days
there has been a lot of videos filmed in
this house that involved a thousand
degree glowing knife mr. gear looking
ass so it's about to be film time where
the hell did I put that katana yeah it's
up here it's got the oil ready to go I
don't know if this is a more expensive
one at least I bought like three I think
I bought like two shitty ones and I
bought one really good one so if this
one came individually this must be the
good one so I'm just going to film the
video today I don't want to wait on any
longer
we got the giant in football there here
we go
hope you're happy this your all that's
literally just Tinto missile blog look I
feel like who who bets that Ally yeah
it's got some weight to it
just in forever or nothing with intro
took like four hours and beans
that's like $300 worth a tinfoil your
Clio touches Prince I'll kill you
I will kill you don't fucking touch my
cat my dog okay
I love these come here guys I'm allergic
to cats I can't go too close to her she
used to be my favorite I just finished
filming let's just say your boy has been
not true to his diet Wolfie okay I've
been eating bad haven't been working out
as much as I used to I need to get back
on it but I just got the fucking hardest
work out of life just now cutting this
open oh my god
that's how you gonna see I know you guys
are gonna pause but you guys need to see
what we did to cut this giant ball open
so just expect a main Channel video in
like the near future I'm gonna try and
bang this one out very soon it might be
my next upload on my main channel so get
ready for that this one probably one of
the most fun videos I've filmed in the
longest time because it's just like I
have a mentality that I can't stop doing
something until I get it done and that
was what this video was so okay I gotta
put the vlog camera down my my arms
really dying guys so we're now picking
up food getting Silvius info because
she's sick and then the rest of us are
getting the works I'm fucking starving
we're getting burgers oh my god your boy
is about to feast on some food better
getting the new it I'm also giving my
dad a whip in the new ride well I'm not
letting him drive but imma drive yeah by
the way I didn't even notice about my
car until I checked it five minutes ago
but there's different color lights like
blue lights there some accents there
across there in the back I don't know
but you probably are able to customize
those colors if you can't I'm turning
them red alright guys so I haven't
really tested out the the BMW concierge
on this in my new car yet but I saw it
when I was getting a test drive so I'm
gonna do it right now I'm gonna see if
there's any good wing spots around my
area so we're gonna go to connected
drive
concierge and I guess we're making a
call now this is a real prison bro watch
saw real prison working 4bm millions
this call may be monitored or recorded
for quality assurance they even got to
be aw v that's just train speaking how
may I help you hey how's it going
oh well I'm just out driving right now
I'm wondering if there's any good places
to get wings around me okay
look into that for you here okay I have
feel free when table just to go over
with you a Wildings hogsback
that sounds good that's good okay how to
the mission it's about 4.24 miles away
so not that far out state minutes
amazing perfect TV eat your dinner yes
for me sure no problem at all amazing
all right such a step that I just let me
know what you receive it all right yeah
I got it
prepare to make a legal Anton already
glad to help out with anything that I do
over for you to it that's it okay thank
you yeah well use a game obviously have
a good day all right thanks take care
okay no I can officially say that's
totally over the top but if possible
make a rule we know in the wings are in
the GPS and three unnecessary but like
this regarding it's good you're paying
for it so why not not free you're paying
for it you need to know it score on a
hockey game fucking call him up they'll
check it well the guy was telling us
some guys were having an argument in
their car about poker game rules and
they called the concierge and the
concierge wikipedia'd poker rules and
they confirmed the rule that there
anyways guys how cool is that time to
get the work at work Oh guys I'm so
hungry I'm so excited I'm literally
skipping right now haven't eaten so long
but the fuck you eat the whole menu
guys whole squad is eating oh those are
those are like holy shit food off of
food I got food for the whole squad is
in you endorphins huh oh you just in my
pocket pray I should get four more so I
have four princes I can have royal army
in the pocket Queen okay can you put
your dog in your pocket every other dog
on here will be good boy burger on wool
guys I'm bout to muck this 15 day hey
hey hey everyone's got food it's a much
dashing mm-hmm
so guys we're stopping at the community
center dad forgot to take a thumbnail
for his video so literally for him to go
back to the spot now so you don't worth
it I'll come yeah it is forcing but he's
paying you McDonald's so it is what it
is but you need to get a thumbnail you
could not Photoshop it it has to be done
in the actual plot itself let's get it
hey guys dad just ran home to go get the
easiest for the thumbnail but I played
himself God didn't bring the one thing
you need it for the thumbnail and now
there's kids in the room oh okay guys so
we're waiting for dad right now so I'm
just gonna make some trick shots because
I'm trick shot here
all right hold on guys give me a second
I'm just a third simple guys let's go
easy shot
three in a row another one and just cuz
I keep sinking I'm just I'm doing a
little ball
you wanted um you guys only dunk yeah
kick shotgun oh yes I just made all
those trick shots dad still not in the
court for the one thumbnail he's still
not here so might as well make some more
trick shots here toss it al you hear
every recovery hit a hit a fucking
three-pointer for your pro the wolf am
guys I suck at ball who Ryan says he's
the best I'll give you five shots five
shots to make one and that's like twenty
percent well 30 now starting now he says
he's the best baller on YouTube here
last zero 5 I'm not cutting the footage
guys I want you to see this
okay I'm cutting the footage second shot
try switching up sides they're throwing
you off stop getting distracted okay one
for two for the vlog one for three
let's make it two for five two four five
two more you have to hit one yeah you
did
one for three you have five shots all
right two for four that's 50%
okay one more you're more than 50%
that's all you got to do there's no
pressure on you take your time all right
he might be one of the best and that's
respect this is how you know we're in an
old civil spot bro we got cheese string
wrappers on the ground guys cheese
string wrappers googly eyed George
that's what we got we flush oh shit for
the balls hit me in the head
all for a thumbnail Ally oh no this is
the grind guys if you don't get the
right thumbnail you literally have to go
get the right on them it's all the girls
easy it's easy alert thumbnail success
we out of here oh my god guys so I
passed out last night completely forgot
to end off the vlog but I'm gonna end it
off right now I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog if you did do not forget to go
down smash that like button let it 25k
you already know what it is my eyes are
not even fully open right now
also if you made it to the very end of
the vlog I want you to comment down
below BMW BMW that's it just so I know
that you're active and you made it to
the very end and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savers in my main
channel and as always stay savage I know
