good morning ayo let's get a chipper
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy I have
a pimple on my lip that's fucking
annoying me today we are bringing the
dogs to the bet in the morning wolfy has
to go get checked up and Prince has to
go get his first checkup hopefully
they're healthy my mom has to go out and
warm the car up because I don't want to
bring Prince outside he doesn't have a
coat or anything so I got to make sure
he's nice and warm on the ride up I'm
gonna shove him right in the goose he
might be part of the goose buddy
I might even make you just probably the
jacket I didn't have the best sleep but
apparently Prince had a pretty good
sleep so and if he did never get sleep
he was just waking up and whining Prince
is doing way better than wolfy jr. at
the vet wolf he's crying
even though nothing happened to wolfy
princess kick right in my jacket in the
blanket with a shirt on he's warm
nothing's wrong with him so that's good
now we just gotta get wolfy his balls
cut off another day another double
upload another late-night vlog session
you already know what it is I didn't
have any time to vlog today when I edit
videos they always take way longer than
I actually expect them to like I'm like
oh it's gonna take a few hours then it
ends up taking me the entire day so it's
9 o'clock but we are not wasting any
time tomorrow I pick up the new car and
because I'm trading in the m6 for the
new car
I'm also trading the wheels with the car
so I has to pick up the wheels and the
rims that I got done never got a chance
to put on my car but they're sitting in
my parent's garage got a scoop those so
that I'm ready tomorrow morning here
they are guys this sexy tires I never
got to put on my car but oh ok this
doesn't do it justice this is upside
down let me turn it right-side up hold
up look at how badass these would have
been on the car guys black gloss I mean
I didn't get the tires done on these
ones yet the blacked out BMW logo but
the rim itself gloss black oh my god
that's so sexy I wish I got to put them
on the old car I'll miss you guys ok I'm
cheesed time to load these bad boys up
ok wolf em were officially taking over
Bongo told me before I roll to the boy's
house he's like yo I've been going into
chats on periscope and asking who Ryan
Swayze's this is bigger than I ever
imagined guys literally everybody in
periscope that we go into a chat with is
like why do people keep asking that so
you guys are asking a lot clearly to the
point where everybody that Bronco goes
in a chat with well knows Ryan swings
already let's see let's see if this one
works the girl that we were just in the
shower would set in ok well
yeah just try some random guys I promise
this is not staged we're going into
random chats I wish I had the camera on
before this let's go smoking she
definitely knows Ryan
oh no lucky lucky like she doesn't know
right let's go straight nation cheese
sways nation oh okay here we go come on
she's not looking at the camera I know
I'm - stop biting me
this guy's Swiper guys I promise you
we're in a chat and the girls like why
do people okay it's done they're calling
someone
I'm cheese yo why are you going on
periscope if you're not even paying
attention the camera yeah do this this
dog is biting my hand off fuck okay you
know what we'll be back when someone
actually pays attention to their screen
that's a periscope sport by the way guys
okay she's looking at the camera dog
cheese you call the nine ways right
hurting myself okay fine wait yeah this
guy
if this doesn't worry worry you will
experience a mommy I'd say a minimum
four times okay cuz Bongo legit called
me he's like yeah robear people's
upstairs
ah she knows if she said I know you
don't the cockatoo say no you don't know
no no we supplies this man so this way I
know okay this doesn't work I don't even
know yeah saying as soon as the camera
turns on and you try to drag her in
something cooler this doesn't happen so
it's over enough bull weights alright
SWE's gets back use it for good luck and
then hopefully happens I shit you not
guys we just turned the camera off
and got like three in a row so I'm just
gonna leave the camera on and hopefully
to get something
look at that what does that say why are
you why are people asking that well I'm
still ok glass laugh my ass off oh I
hope you will ask you know everything
with the comment section ok ok ok now
we're on a roll
change of plan guys it is actually a
shootout right now
Canada going head to head with the
state's this is about to be huge
you know let's get it done music music
baby wants a Wolfie music the boys are
not nervous right now for sure hey you
come here come here flip coins you know
that serious bad lip reading yeah
they're both taking their boots all I
just do it Canada with the first save
yay
none of that we're having none of that
let's go Canada can I miss the shot what
I see I can shot missed by the states
let's go ken Canada come back with a
fucking gang go go let's go let's go
Canada oh fuck miss here we go
you see what they got Oh take that take
that
ok this guy's reaction time guys like na
u Canada up again let's do it
let's go row so oh how do you see
vengefully - oh Jesus Christ three saves
I guess those names Oh
second last shot this guy's gonna try to
go five hole travel yeah oh come on Cara
please four five you i'm cheese house
you know he's going five old going
scored three four five fire five more
shots
you just goes quick being scored three
of them in the shootout yesterday
holy what'd ya say he's a five hole man
oh my god if the state scores this next
goal they win oh my god come on come on
come on oh nice nice save
oh my god okay let's go who's up so you
gotta make this yeah oh this is it
Canada oh my god oh my god oh my god
glue bro what do you say no no no no no
that's her out guys
so guys mission accomplished I just got
back to my house from the boys house we
were on periscope for honestly I'd say
maybe an hour and a half to two hours
making sure every single person on
periscope knew who Riley's is by the end
of the night it got to the point where
everybody was getting blocked like all
my supporters were getting blocked all
Ryan sways nature were getting blocked
and my people are sending us screenshots
on Twitter it was lit and it was to the
point where every chat when you go in it
and you commented do you know Ryan
squeeze they were like ah
not again so as fun as hell we're doing
it again sometime soon because everybody
needs to know who Ryan SWE's is anyways
I'm home now for the rest of the night
I'm not doing too much but I wanted to
give you guys a little bit of an
introduction to prints because I never
really gave you too much information on
the dog before so guys meet Prince this
guy is little how old is Prince like six
seven weeks nine weeks ten weeks
this guy's ten weeks old and he is this
small I think we got Wolfie junior at 14
weeks IEP don't be peeing buddy he is
honestly tiny this just to show you this
in my hand my hand is bigger than this
dog guys he is tiny way smaller than
Wolfie Junior when we got him so we
named him Prince because he's a prince
there's no other reason we just really
like to name Prince it definitely suits
him cuz he's a prince you know cuz he's
a little prince ring Prince look at that
he kisses too basically he's a marquis
so it means he's a Maltese Yorkie mix
Wolfie Junior's just a teacup Maltese
but this guy is not a teacup but a micro
teacup which is even smaller than a
teacup so he's a little more expensive
but but he doesn't get as big as Whoopi
jr. is right now
Wolfie jr. I'm pretty sure it's fully
grown right now he's not gonna get any
bigger
this guy is expected to be even smaller
than Wolfie jr. he's gonna look a little
different his ears are gonna be pointed
because he's more Yorkie than he is
Maltese so yeah we got prints because
Wolfie jr. needed company this guy's
always always lonely he needs a buddy to
play with because me and Sofia are so
busy and we always try and play with him
as much as possible but puppies have so
much energy so he just always wants to
just get up bite you and play tug-of-war
and play fetch with you so this is our
best option we wanted to get him a
playmate because he doesn't get out too
much to go to dog parks and especially
now that it's winter Wolfie jr. isn't
gonna be able to play with other dogs
from in a while even though he's met
David's dog and a few other little dogs
we thought why not just get him a friend
that he can have at the house at all
times so in a few weeks
hopefully he Prince will be a little bit
bigger to the point where they can play
together because right now Prince is
just like I get Wolfie away from me I'm
too small for this all prince has been
doing for the couple days that we've had
him for the first day was really quiet
and then the second day this guy opened
up right away he's been super hyper
chasing us eating lots of food pooping
all over the house peeing all over the
house he's not trained yet but he also
naps a lot because he's still just a
little puppy which is good because you
can just put him on your lap but he does
not like to get put on the ground now
basically like he's like Wolfie jr. when
he was a puppy so watch this I'm gonna
show you vibrance you walk away and this
guy will yell so loud you put him in
this cage for a bit just while we're
like cleaning bag him in the house this
guy will scream he has such a loud
barking can I didn't know he had that
it's like this this is this little
creature or are you so tired right now I
didn't even get up but watch this come
here come here Prince you put him on the
ground and he will follow you wherever
you go see what I mean guys he said oh
is that food no I gotta follow my owner
come here
how many Prince and that's how he walks
the cutest thing good boy
and he likes cuddling up like under
under my armpit in like in tight areas
where he's covered like watch open this
up he's like ah fine
weight-wise Prince is we just got a
measure because we took him to the vet
today he is point six kilos which is one
pound around one pound he's one pound
literally one pound like come on like I
was saying he's not gonna get much
bigger but apparently he's supposed to
be well he's expected to be too
three pounds which is quite small so
we're gonna have some pretty small bugs
I was I was always against small dogs
like I always wanted bigger dogs I
wanted a husky and then I was like now I
can get a palm ski cuz it's basically
like a smaller husky but just our living
scenario and how we live and how I feel
like I'm gonna be living in condos and
stuff like that for a while I feel like
just having small dogs is the best route
to go about if I had a big dog in this
house it would tear shit up I mean I can
handle a few poops and pees here and
there but I could not handle a dog
tearing open my house also I saw a lot
of comments in yesterday's vlog people
thought I was neglecting wolfy jr. I'm
not neglecting wolfy jr. I just brought
wolfy jr. to the boy's house and we were
kicked back for like three hours while I
left prints here I just put wolfy jr. in
this cage well while we were feeding
prints because wolfy was trying to get
out the food and this guy wants to play
with prints constantly and he doesn't
know his own size even though he's small
so he just runs at him
I'll show you watch this watch this guys
this is why we need to keep them
separated for now I will let him smell
prints but sometimes he gets a little
too excited like watch he's just hopping
there I'll put prints on the ground
prints will be there but look at this
well he just wants to sniff him and when
Prince tries running away wolfy will go
on whoopee
like look this is just like leave me
alone this is not even bad at all as
soon as Prince starts moving Wolfie will
like jump and then sometimes push him
over because he doesn't know his own
side so we don't keep them apart
completely right now but while prince is
eating we don't let Wolfie near them and
well wolf is eating we don't let prince
near him for now right buddy good boy
you're a good book you're a good big
brother hey and yeah this is just until
Prince gets bigger so you need to get
bigger quicker buddy but wolfies a good
big bro but don't bite wolfy we taught
you not to bite this guy was biting all
day long at the boys house this guy was
like nibbling on my arm so bad
hey Prince come here watch this I'll put
Prince up here Oh Wolfie jumps up sniffs
him instantly like what are you doing
what are you doing
Prince gets overwhelmed easily alone so
yeah they're actually not too bad
together right now but Prince is still
climbing under my shirt until Prince
gets a bit bigger we're gonna let them
eat separately right hey oh here we go
the biting is back guys Wolfie junior
biting is back you see it you see the
mouth look at those teeth now your teeth
are so big out see you can't do that to
Prince if you do that to Prince Prince
is gonna be here anyways I just wanted
to update you guys quickly about the dog
you don't even like a
I swear wolfies more scared of Princeton
princes at Wolfie oh there we I've never
seen Wolfie lick'em I've never seen
Wolfie look this is the first guys
you're seeing it on cam big brother
moment Wow good boy Wolfie okay not
biting like I was saying I just wanted
to update you on the dogs and the whole
dog situation as well as the car
situation yesterday so now you're pretty
much updated on everything tomorrow
morning I'm going to pick up the new car
and trade in the m6 I'm super excited
for that but that also means I have to
be up early again so I'm gonna end the
vlog out there if you guys enjoyed this
shorter vlog do not forget to go down
and smash that like button we hit 25
thousand likes on every vlog because
wolf fam is the most fuckin lit crew in
the world
you already know also if you guys made
it to the very end of the vlog if you
want to show me that you're active and
maybe you know a toss you will follow if
you leave your Instagram or your Twitter
in the comments so if you want to follow
comment down below Prince is the real
MVP ok Prince that's it Prince is the
real MVP and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage that OH
