good morning ay yo what's good it is
your boy wolfy I hope everyone watching
this vlog right now is having hope I'm
about to hit ice nope I ran over the ice
like I was saying I hope everyone
watching this vlog right now is having a
blessed day I hope you guys dreams are
coming true I hope your crush texts you
back you know the usual everything
that's good in life I wish the best for
everybody so I had a very hectic morning
okay I was car shopping
I couldn't vlog because I had a test
drive I was supposed to be dropping a
main Channel video today but I honestly
don't have time for that Bongo and me
just spend like the past four hours
together yes I woke up early wolf am I
woke up early it's like two o'clock now
I'm just starting the vlog off to go to
the Audi dealership to check out this
one car that I really want and to go to
check out another BMW that I really want
I'm going to show you the car that I
have that I've been hiding from you guys
because I'm not gonna have it anymore
in two days I'm getting rid of it so
obviously I just want to show it to you
guys before I completely get rid of it
and just get my next one I'm not getting
rid of it because I want to I'm getting
rid of it because I absolutely played
myself you can comment down below Wolfie
you played yourself like I always say
and Ottowa the weather is not the best
okay there's a lot of snow as you guys
can see on the ground it's kind of
terrible weather and the car that I got
I got because I was friggin stubborn and
I just wanted it now and I like the look
of it and so I bought a car but it was a
rear-wheel drive car so only the back
tires are moving the car
aka if you have a lot of friggin power
in the car the car pretty much spins out
of control if there is any snow on the
ground because it's like holy what
the hell's happening the whole front of
the car is just like ah and it's just
like I just I can't drive in the winter
so I've weighed all my options on the
table every single night I've been
staying up to like 4:00 a.m. hunting for
cars to figure out what is the best
replacement for that because I need a
car with a lot of space because I'm a
big guy I look weird in small cars I
need a car that's four-wheel drive so I
can drive in all conditions because half
the year in Ottawa snows so I need that
and I need the car with a banging sound
system because I love my music and
everything else is just like okay like I
wanted my car to have a red interior but
honestly I don't need a red interior yet
I just need something that looks meat as
 cuz you know I'm King Savage that
can drive in everything and that has my
son so I found the one I'm picking it up
on Friday but right now I just got a
burrito from burrito gringo and I got
the free drink they hooked it up for
your boy like always even Bongo got a
free drink I just dropped Bongo off on
my mom's house he's gonna help Dustin
film a video I'm about to go to the
boy's house real quick to say what up
because all the boys are kicking it
Ryan's butt
calling me for like the past three hours
Berlin's welcome I don't want to talk
really so but yeah let's annoyed you
guys I see the fridge is still up to
date in this house Ryan come here for a
sec you know the girl in the fridge yeah
it's you you know her no how do you not
know her no I see that John was shot
said it was his cousin it is dying it's
Sean's cousin yes it is she looks very
she looks like Shawn she actually does
look like Shawn and honestly -
graduation what was this like what grade
is that six eight we're gradient blur me
one comment down below it came to the
fan mail it it just here my fan mail
antenna that media it's gonna forever be
there well comment down below your name
I wish I had the name I forget oh you
knew it shout out to whoever sent me
this photo this is the dopest photo in
the world guys hose in Europe advil yeah
well neither than the boys no just me
anyways guys I got my food boys food
still is in here my dad what's
good Mondego
I'm cheese they just closed I don't know
if you guys know but nigga Sean Sean
actually there is
guys I'm friends with MGK can I get your
autograph oh ok guys sean is mg k that's
his alter ego as you can see even has
the jean jacket and then Kamiya Camila
Cabello Cabello that's my BAE - alright
guys so a lot of you guys have been
asking about my new car I'm gonna show
it to you I hate that I can't show it to
you like in a cool location I'm gonna
try and show it to you in the best
location that I found that isn't too far
because if I Drive it in this weather
right now where the snow is crazy
this car will legit flip over so
introducing the new car that I'm only
gonna have for like two more days we got
you
the BMW m6 my nigga let's get it
honestly guys have been waiting to show
you this damn car forever I've been
holding it off forever so let me give
you a quick rundown again I'm sad that I
don't get to keep it any longer but just
as you can see the weather here
it just doesn't agree with me so m6 it's
been it's been a couple it's been like a
month but I get your bro so yeah as you
guys can see I'm talking because there's
a lot of wind right now but I got the
BMW m6 who pay you already know what it
is two doors a four-door as you can
see we got the caramel inside the nice
 leather inside the ceiling I
don't know if you guys can see that well
on the camera but the ceiling is suede
you already know that is I Rock suede
boots I rock suede ceilings so we got
the m6 logo as soon as you step into the
car which is fresh as m6 you
already know it's mean as hell and it
came in black but black wasn't hard
enough for me so I got it in satin black
satin black you already know it it's
basically like a matte black except a
little more shiny you can't really see
it with too much of the snow right now
it's kind of annoying as well as
the rims they blacked out the BMW logo
this is not the color of the black BMW
logo but I was like yeah we need to
 block it out watch this this is
the worst car demo you guys ever see
into this snow coming everywhere throw
on the goose this is what the goose is
meant for so we got a light in here
which is pretty blessed so I'm gonna
show you guys I'm not even gonna close
the door hard cuz it I don't need
to close it hard auto closed for me and
the window watch the window rolls up
that's why guys I didn't even know they
know that I want to lock it
oh locked I want to open it oh
opened I had to get this current Toronto
because I couldn't find one that I liked
in Ottawa so as you can see I got the
BMW Toronto on the license plate by the
way I'm changing the license plate on my
new car I already have the plates in you
guys know what it is young wolf got the
dual exhaust these things make some
 noise I'm telling you this car
is not a joke this car is over 600
horsepower why do I need it because I'm
 wolf that's why I need it and
the last thing I want to show you about
the outside of the car is the carbon
fiber roof this makes me go extra fast
as you can see it's not the same color
as the black because it's carbon fibre
this
it is light as hell I basically fly in
this way but let's move on to the inside
of the wait because the snow so I
need to close my door hold out let me
close it a light auto close so here's
what the car sounds like when it starts
off basically we got our push to start
button so here we go you already know
what it is
it has satellite radio so we got little
Lucy playing right now in it go into
Guatemala we have celery
we got an SOS button if I want to call
the cop if anything happens to me click
it that's it
also in this whip what we got if we look
at the menu hold on let me look up the
menu right here we got connect to drive
my vehicle basically I can call the
concierge and ask anything literally I'm
driving on the road I want to know the
score to a hockey game I call them they
give me the score to the hockey game no
I swear to god bro literally I was in
the other car that I was buying the new
one today whenever it has the same stuff
it's a BMW - the guy showed me live on
the phone when we were doing our test
drive he's like he's like do you want to
know where to get like good good tacos
in Ottawa blast he calls them up he's
like we're in Ottawa where can I get
good tacos they narrow down the Yelp
options and then put the GPS into your
GPS you don't have to search anything
concierge does it for you home dude we
got heated seats which is whatever every
car has heated seats but we got
ventilated seats ok it's too hot the
whole thing is making it ventilated
alright and the heated seats is not just
the ass you can make it the ass the back
the headrest what else do you want
by the way over here we click a button
down here this green button right here
massage seats
we got massage seats on the web I don't
need them but ok we can see how the
front it's definitely on the inside
Jesus Christ got massage Steve I'm not
gonna go over too many other things with
you guys but basically I know you guys
want to hear the engine like I said this
thing's 600 horsepower not much based on
the back but honestly a four-door
let me roll down these windows and show
you what it sounds like so there's
multiple modes you can have with your
car as you can see right here this right
now it says the wheel is on efficient
mode the shocks are uncomfort all these
are on pretty much efficient and comfort
mode but we can turn them by pressing
this em--to button which basically means
like supercharged so we click that and
then they all changed to Sport Plus
which means we're driving a racecar
this point so you can drive a racecar or
an auto race car it's up to you
so I'll rev the engine on the comfort
mode and show you what it sounds like
comfort mode
is this switch it to sport mode and
we're like
the whole car shakes your car is shaky
that's all I gotta say guys this is
 this is what it sounds like from
the outside guys
so there's definitely enough power I'm
learning a lot so the speedometer guys a
lot of cars only go up to I think like
280 because this is kilometers not miles
so a lot of them only go up to like no -
60 - oh you're just like hey it
fast as hell also from the driver's
perspective if you guys see in the
window I can see my speed right there oh
yeah you can see my rpms going up right
now you're just wrong I don't look at
this I look at this it's like in the
window it's just there I don't know how
to cut there but like it's there so like
from this angle you can't see and
then you move it this hope it comes
right oh oh there it is there it is guys
you can see how fast you're going there
we have like I said the brown leather
and then the wood on the new car it's
gonna be carbon fiber instead of wood
nothing else to it we got the paddle
shifters we can downshift and up shift
with that the M steering wheel the
steering wheel is a beast as soon as you
turn on m2 it gets way harder to turn
stiff m1 it's like ah this is easy just
like a mom car again the back seats is
whatever there's not much back there the
trunk space is alright but yeah guys
this car also has a Harman Kardon stereo
system right here Harman Kardon this
 is loud but it's also very good
audio quality so I'm just gonna play a
song for you guys real quick I like to
bump my Mane migos when I when I'm a
bump in these when I'm using these
speakers so here we go and also all the
windows I got on this car are super
tinted because I wanted to look like a
Batmobile from the outside so here's the
music
music yeah it's loud but that's like a
basic rundown of the car I wanted to
show you guys this car for so long
also if there's gonna be people
commenting down all you should have got
the black rims trust me that's what my
rims were I got them coated black and
they look sexy but the problem with this
car like I said it's rear-wheel drive so
you just can't drive it in the winter
otherwise you're gonna spin out of
control so the new one I'm getting is
all-wheel drive
but I'll give you a hint it pretty much
drives the same it's around the same
amount of money so it's like it's a good
trade-off but it's all-wheel drive so I
got it I got a stay safe you know guys
and my massage seat is going up my ass
right now anyways guys that is my car I
hope you guys enjoyed there will be a
much more thorough rundown of my new car
once I get it it's pretty much already
set so that's gonna be in a few days so
get excited for that I'm gonna miss you
buddy I only had it for a month I'm
sorry I'm sorry m6 I'll come back and
get you in summer cup I forgot but I
have the Drizzy that I found out some
shop basically I don't even use it for
the smell I just use this for the smell
but I use this just for swag purposes so
people know because a lot of people that
buy these cars are older just so they
know it's a Young Buck young
savage wolfy with Drizzy out here so
I'll just close this with the wood
interior slow closed oh there we go
that's the car guys I hope you enjoyed
it let's move on with our day so we're
at the mall guys and we finally found a
booster juice we've been on the hunt for
 five days literally since
Toronto for trying to find one that's
open so I will say for the blog
Tom me buddy did you show your card Oh
booster use card how do you how much
money like that you know what I want
mango hurricane guys look at this mango
hurricane right there mangoes
strawberries guava passion few peach
yogurt I'm so excited right now guys
I've been waiting for this for so long
we're not even looking for that Brian's
looking for polishing as a penalty balls
bro you're the only Brisbane wanted to
get one would be the show's over here
well I hope you would so bad hey like
welcome your bosses will get rip off too
anyways guys watch our delicious and
Ryan said Billings bridge footlocker
would be open it says permanently closed
that's the only one that's permanently
closed but luckily I got my mango
hurricane so shot it right off we got to
find somewhere to go though can someone
please collect their snow plow
taking up six spots like an ass
just cuz you're a truck okay your truck
swag bro driving a Tundra why are you
taking up 900 swats hey Siri hi where's
the nearest Foot Locker okay check it
out 4.5 kilometers Apple reto I'm not
going to Rio Center ah where is a closer
one I didn't find any munching Ryan's
facetiming his other light-skinned
boyfriend to buy some shoes looking for
Kobe's look at this is it these ones
which was I can we go to Orange woods
so so far Ryan is looking at three
different shoes he's looking at these
ones I think he's looking at these ones
yeah and then baby doesn't I don't know
LeBrons there's also Kobe's cadiz every
basketball player has their own shoe now
but he's on the phone and how would this
boy trying to figure out which ones to
get I told him these ones are fresh but
the red ones look like the most ball
shoes chance and go these we're going
with these ones guys they are the Kobe's
Kobe so guys Ryan is finishing uploading
his video right now and I am chilling
with Prince I don't know if I told you
and I tell you that maybe I honestly
don't know if I remember telling you
guys that but we ended up calling the
dog Prince I just felt like it was
fitting I didn't want to call him King I
know a lot of you guys wanted me to call
him King but I just didn't want to have
a dog named King and then one named
Wolfie personally so we went with Prince
because he is a Prince I mean
look at him he's huddled up in my shirt
right now he just got so much food on me
just trying to eat Prince can you say hi
to the camera guys this is the smallest
dog in the world
how small he is look at that Prince
you're the cutest dog
look at his face good boy hey Prince
gamba kiss all right no kiss he is a lot
smaller like I think he's like three or
four weeks younger than Wolfie when we
first got Wolfie and he is significantly
smaller so okay what are you going are
you gonna get he's finishing eating now
versus this movie yeah
oh my god Congrats I just asked someone
up here school with the the varieties
and they said no and then and they said
you're the second person last today stop
yo we're taking over do you know Ryan's
gay
keep commenting keep it up on periscope
at your post we are taking over on
periscope and he is eating the rest of
the food I don't have to clean up no
vacuum nothing I completely forgot to
get prints some dog food so I'm gonna
have to do that before the stores close
tonight we have he has a vet appointment
tomorrow morning he pooped out worms
Silvia said he pooped out worms today as
she was freaking out and Wolfie jr. is
going to but yeah apparently he pooped
out worms
there's the warming gel over there that
you're supposed to feed the dog it's
pretty common in puppies whenever this
small because they haven't had all their
deworming yet but she was freaking out
maybe you're fine right it's gonna poop
out more weren't gonna climb up me you
get all the camera time Wolfie I love
you too but you gotta say good boy he
knows I just had to put Wolfie in there
for a bit because while prince was
eating the dog was going off he just
wants to play with Prince all the time
you want to place Wolfie you can't climb
that one
I feel bad putting in there oh there we
go watch this guy's The Great Escape
cue the Picabo Escobar music from narcos
there goes do you - are you gonna ski
okay I'll let you up princess huddling
his head in my pocket oh my god this is
the cutest thing in the world you gotta
let him out Sofia
she's gonna say no and then she saw the
camera she's like easy wolfy I can't get
him yeah laugh away this is me as H is
trying to do
when I have I can't move princes here
wait wait whoopee down wait wait down
good boy all right good come on come on
oh wow you hooked it he struggle with
that before ok princes running Prince is
playing tag with me
come on Fred come on Cochran's let's go
first time playing ready hey I ain't
going Princeton he's right Prince
good great he's like I want mommy to
play too
let's go buddy good boy good boy good
boy he's attacking
so Ryan wants to go get some food real
quick but listen to this I don't know if
you guys can hear it but there should be
like a shaking noise when I shake my
camera because the screen on the back of
it is really loose like yeah that's
 bad you don't want that sound
when you're vlogging every single day so
I'm going into my handy-dandy
compartment and I'm gonna use my mini
screwdriver set to tighten it and hold
on which one do we need you're not this
one we'll do this on this one smaller
I'm gonna tighten the screws on the back
of the camera and then shake it again in
three two one
feet here we go guys listen to this boom
back and forth back and forth no shake
okay camera has officially fixed time to
go before we go get food my mom just
text me she hit me with a text saying yo
Wolfie you're the greatest
youtuber of all time I just I can't
believe you're my son great news Road
just great
I'm like mom just take it easy I don't
need that all right nah she didn't say
that but she's like yo Wolfie you're the
second greatest not stop fighting hey
stop fighting my boy stop fighting my
boy stop biting my boy
and you sit Prince sit Prince all right
good boy ain't it no my mom's like yo uh
look at Ana's are in the katanas are in
so I need them because I need to go get
the katanas actually I don't know if I'm
gonna do the cutting of the giant
aluminum foil ball I can't even say
aluminum foil aluminum foil ball of the
giant sword I don't know if I'm gonna do
that here or at my parents house so
maybe I'll just look at the katana side
I don't know this but I just want to see
them I think I ordered like three just
because one of them is definitely
bounding it up with how I should
touch knives the other two I don't know
if they're in she just said katana so I
don't know if they're all here but
hopefully they're here it is guys katana
is here here here there oh my god unbox
it with I need this knife eight oh
it's fine
hold on guys cut it open for you oh
wow they really sealed this money oh I
almost caught myself toys this is just
the beginning
ah here we go guys this is it
 has some weight to ours huh Yuri's
we're gonna be something that you
probably value you know I ain't getting
value Oh
this is the real deal guys no and then
Oh katana ah Chris add some Japanese
music really yay
I don't know it's supposed to be sharp I
don't even think it's not sure what's
gnarly is oh it's not sure sheriff you
sure yeah it's pretty sure have a gun
huh yeah that's all right guys let's not
clean it up we only got one katana today
the other two are still they must be
shipping I don't know if this is the
more expensive one cuz I bought an
expensive one and then two mediocre ones
did I knew I was gonna cause some damage
you guys know my boy Chris the guy who
helped me out with my computer you told
me that I'm probably going to need to
oil this not even gonna look up how to
do this so hopefully the blade stays
extra sharp but done so I'm picking up
some quick food for prints because we
didn't have too much food left over but
this is the I promise the only time
you're gonna see me buy food from
Loblaws for prints you know how we
treated wolfy jr. we treat the dogs like
royalty so he's not gonna have too much
of this
Caesar stuff for too long but until we
take him to the vet and they tell us
exactly what to feed him tomorrow
this is what he's getting so I'll just
get a few of these chicken and chicken
and liver
I think they'd like that maybe two of
those and then maybe just one more to
hold them over chicken liver chicken
liver and chicken and beef I know cats
and dogs love chicken so does Ryan suede
are you a people place the enemy use
your PC car today and Ernst electronic
definitely said I didn't get any bags
but I clearly hate that come on
you think I'm not gonna forget steal big
five cents I got time for that take six
shots no children in basket good thing
I'm not a kid
are you hungry Ryan yeah bro I knew you
were bound to get food ROH bounty all
right guys so I am ending my night off
right now cuddling Prince Sylvia is
currently watching wolfy jr. because we
have to take them to the vet tomorrow
wolfies eyes are really dirty so we're
gonna clean them up make them look swag
no so when we bring them to the vet
they're like yo yo you keep your dog
clean BAM and I like yeah yeah you know
what it is Prince a wolfy jr. my
nigga Prince is spoiled as hell already
this guy is so needy already he's being
like wolfy jr. when he was a puppy they
don't want to be away from you ever like
you set him down he'll crawl towards you
I just was cuddling up against the
 couch I almost fell asleep
that's how cuddled up I was with this
little guy but I love this guy to death
already right say hi he looks like a bug
in the hamster / squirrel
anyways early morning tomorrow morning
so I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if
you did do not forget to go down blast
that like button I hope you guys enjoyed
my car get ready for my new car smash
the like button if you guys are excited
about that it's gonna be swag as I
know you guys don't know what it is yet
but I want you guys to comment down
below what color you think I should wrap
the car just like I got this one satin
black I'm thinking satin black for the
next car I kind of wanted to change it
up a bit maybe like satin dark grey if
you guys don't know what that color is
it's like it kind of looks like a little
bit of a more shiny matte gray but
Google some colors and throw some crazy
colors in the comments below
I was thinking red chrome but that's
like 700 times the price of regular wrap
but who knows maybe the wolf amber like
red chrome so comment that down below
twice to like button I will see you guys
soon on Mophie where we stay a little
bit more savage than my main channel and
as always say it David are you
yeah
