this is gonna be heat content you guys
love reaction videos we got David parody
deep today we're gonna be reacting to
something very special is gonna be a
little cringe so before we even begin go
down and smash that like button with
your with your index finger in nail your
nail oh that's actually kind of hard now
you can't hit the laborer with your nail
so index Oh what's this index lean to
this pinkie finger on your left side
three seconds two one go boom you did
35,000 likes let's get it anyways today
we're reacting to something that a fan
actually sent in we're reacting to kids
asking out girls and then getting
rejected
it's like rejecting gangrenous I had no
idea we said earlier you just say cryin
I need you cuz you're the best reactor
on YouTube and I'm like barrel I'm the
best that's what they need to be like
both and I'm like yeah so you just call
me so I didn't know what we reacting to
but now I know rejecting billions of
times that's why I'm reacting to this
video likewise it's gonna be a good
video of been rejected every girl you
talk to I've actually never I've never
like what about you all can I date you
we haven't really talked in person yet
you're just like yeah there's a bunch of
videos we have apparently these are
supposed to be the cringy if they all
have a lot of views so I'm assuming they
are very cranky um explain linear story
detective okay I've got rejected a lot
of times in my life that's what turned
me is a savage I am today they would you
ask them like we date kids there was
like a time like a couple years ago
actually last year when I was in high
school cause I'm still in high school 17
years old basically like me and this
girl were talking I want
to be more than friends I asked her she
didn't wanna be more than friends this
one and it was kind of like like she
wants she said she wanted more than
Freddy
I'm not gonna say me why put it this way
listen to me guys I I asked her she said
that she was down to date and then Loki
like two weeks later she's like I don't
know if I you do this did he work so
that was lowkey like worse than getting
rejected like oh and I'm the grade six
bro okay okay no meeting this crew or
dealing
yeah I just wanted to get dating four
times and then she literally one day
she's like I like this guy better than
you when when we're dating bro so I
remember biking up to her house my god I
knocked on a door she looked at her
window I said thank you we're breaking
up she probably did get me she didn't
like me anymore and that was that oh
okay well I thought I've never had a
story like that so I'm gonna learn from
these guys I see for me I'm a different
I never put myself out there I was
addicted to basketball then by the time
week we were at the place oh yeah we're
at the food place yeah and you reach
your arm out your chance where we gonna
go girl absolutely find a place no she's
like I reach my arm no you tried
grabbing her like yo what's your
Instagram she's like I haven't why are
you doing it anyways okay first video
let's get into the video already like
yeah I need we just forget it go
I think hated or he popped up like a
little weird a lot there's nothing to do
with every throw you like came on the
screen like older guys Channel
you know this roasting little kid oh my
god sending him in situations you know
is he gonna get destroyed on why a
good-looking guy
yeah so I don't know why he would get
destroyed but I'm gonna have a beard to
cope years he looks Middle Eastern so
why listen why not was there was that
speech and why is he 35 years old what
is this a high school he's a great night
he's be good that was staged 70 a my mom
gay too quick
yeah that was quick yeah that was
speaking well we'll continue this along
got pockets half a thousand times us
that's the worst thing you want to hear
that's our cows that's friends one who
Sully - no I'm not rejected again no
this has to be staged this has to be
staged fire but what so Michaels so
sassy bro he believed again just ask the
question this girl Lily inflicted with
the wrist rope you think this is real
I can't first one fake second when I
could believe this one who didn't know
this what I think no this one's like the
cameras in her face so she's probably I
don't know but this is kind of cringe
but yo this kid Loki has ball so hit the
lake where that
yeah yeah all right this College Rory's
not yet I get Jonah Hill vibes from that
liquid kid yeah I just wanna have a pipe
up like oh I can't one grow pipe him up
anyways everyone how did you guys do
it's not like I was he roasting my blade
good YouTube channel well that's a bunch
of lies dude you said you have a big
dick why are you wanting to bite your
size right Billy
this guy's feeding in lines yeah Jo this
bit so I mean he asked out a bunch of
girls got rejected
I feel free all the time next video up
kid sings to crash in front of whole
class and gets rejected no no no not
really a thing I so then you know I
didn't get rejected though yes you did
why I would like what do you mean but me
I'm more of an item is a reason guys
won't have a girl and that's the Chris
breezy you're like bubbling in the
classroom anyways oh baby here we go
guys next video this is why I had to
drop out of school and be home I'm 17
yeah so I had to be hos good because of
this rope was too much cringe in high
school what's cringe brogue is he has a
beautiful voice he does but the class
I'm just our class is not supporting him
holiday shit yeah I don't know why this
teacher let him do this
happy Valentine's Day before you started
oh I don't have therefore not oh this is
a weird where's the thing with which
girls dressed
yeah even he's laughing clean no no we
don't know this girl she's not the girl
you owe her friends are roasting species
rose that's rude
come on that's me that's right she's
laughing the girl the pink was just
jealous booth the afx know what he's
proposing proposing well you'd be my
Valentine what'd she say
oh no answer oh this guy's been singing
well he's doing it to multiple teeth for
the same one this is a new girl
jeez I feel like Simon Cowell what do
you mean wow
let's say I think American Idol what's
wrong with this woman he's a oh why is
that what's all this voice why who knows
I think it's just he doesn't resonate
how it should it might hit okay so you
let you would listen to that your wanna
Roger handset I'm trained fine I would
you said I never did anyways before the
video been singing is he singing to the
same girl it's a different King this
guy's a player he's a player bro laugh
all you want
right it takes nice for us to do this
he's a G he's going in one class at a
time
these are different things of the ones
like one feels special and you're
getting caught up in seconds he's in
another class not gonna tear to see if
this one says yes quiet on set camera
speeding he's insane this guy's a super
guy in the front - drapes he's battling
this oh my
don't really good Oh mommy really
singing in every class this is the genie
policy my oh please say yes please say
yes Sam I kill you
that is cringe you don't want to I'm
gonna kill home that's what alright we
got the next one out Stephen getting
rejected by Sam oh this is like an
undercover film yeah this is Loki this
one's gonna be sad move why is Ryan in
the background why you'd why he's Sean
right now that's you wanna exotica
anyways whatever see Tommy are there
shot of the lanai in their room
oh yeah small but well not gonna you
make fun of my small but yeah that's
very easily one okay so I'm another
against another rejection bro guys if
you're watching this why you aged make
fun of girls butts they love it I don't
care I'm saying it I am saying why
teasel about their but hasn't worked in
the past great six rhymes and if you
Ryan good white great six that's young
29:29 yeah guys just flirt with girls
man have fun all right guys why not
girls flirt with guys girl flu guys
girls flirt with girl like you said that
it's 2018
why do you say guys first huh I said
guys first because I said the society
makes me think I'm the one bro that goes
first and I need to change that I
apologize your are tanning to deal with
this bill look would fight bro what
thing is why why did we have to bring it
up the coolest monkey in the jungle I
thought we could do a video
I said it's okay can you relax over you
wanna be ready
don't don't don't be Ellen monkeys
monkeys that's his last one more little
kid gets rejected by girl has bear
disabled have you seen the other one all
there's 17 euros hm kids in the gym
why you just asking girls only this
the pressure I remember these days bro
what's he gonna say bro this cameraman
song it is here binder I remember the
days when the girls were ten times
taller than the guys this one we need to
do one more quick one this one's two
minutes this is called kid ask girls out
what keeps getting rejected it's from
the same channel as that little Peter
one looses savage so I'm assuming it's
gonna be this is gonna be heat content
last one of the day please can we get
one girl saying because yes because this
is cringe on it's the first day of
school
okay bring it out so much bunting yes
right you know finally longer that's
what Anna and Peter finally one high
school it's a good
well we are clear baited we're just
watching a vlog it's like more wolf in
the monster mom's you yes
here we go she's right she does not want
to be on camp
oh she rushed him oh right no garlic
blood rolling my bro oh he's back who's
next
yeah bothered in that know when a girl
birthday if she don't wanna go home they
don't let your JanSport begged oh yeah
kale one more of these blacks okay my
pickup line didn't work okay look that's
over I can't I can't do this anymore
guys literally this kid is a cloud
mounting and like he's getting no girls
oh yeah you know it's a sad truth but
like the one when Barroso you try to do
it again and it's like you can't bear
for some cloud chasers good folks we
didn't watch for you bro dr. Peter yes
lit you're my man Peter he try huh bro
that's cringe anyways guys hopefully in
the next episode we can find one girl
that says he has to a guy or a guy that
says he has to grow because maybe we can
look up girls out a story
I believe I bid Tel Aviv smack the like
but if you enjoyed that video and you
want more of these three Isis where we
just roast kids obviously ice is fun
well you wrote I roast he doesn't leave
35,000 lakes and when we get happen what
this might be the last time wool fancies
me in a few months I love you guys daddy
doesn't comment his name if you guys
know who that is or the are just to the
end who be it's fun oh is that so - the
art and enzyme following my Instagram
follow me and if you calm down that
guy's name I'll call you back and the
people or my Instagram which is this
Wolfie one of my recent three pics
coming the heart eyes emoji anyway
really willing to rise link in the
description hopefully you don't find
something else do you like these videos
to us um guys get excited cuz your boys
gonna be in LA in a very actually I'll
be in LA tomorrow officially when you
watch this vlog okay it's not rice comes
unfortunate looking cousins this guy
coming soon always rejected I love you
some ideas baby swears baby he's inside
you
