good morning hey what's gonna cheer
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
remember how I said we have a lip you
like check this out all about open the
shop we haven't let you okay you have a
lip you but you can't see the CN tower
from here
DJ is checking out of his room he stayed
in the same building as Essex so we're
gonna go check out his room before he
leaves to come and stay in our room
tonight just gonna see if Ryan's at his
house right now you all right no oh shit
you so oh sorry my Sonny okay ah Rome to
her wrote or alert all right messy bed
alert and then this is a famous feline
oh my goodness you look after us the
entire guys open structure what the hell
is it and like bro what do you what do
you mean bro what do you mean you could
hook a frisbee on to that legit let it
us I'm looking down bro don't get a
calmness Rock rummy every building looks
like mini buildings hey now the CN tower
looks like but as always I will bring
y'all for the run
guys the one problem with living this
high is that the clouds literally
obstruct your view like my camera lens
just look dirty because a fucking cloud
got in my way that that's only a problem
when you live 60 damn fucking 900 floors
out well I want to zoom in on the CN
tower just to see how close we can get
this camera's not the craziest for zoom
but it can get the job done so hold up
we're gonna see if we can see anybody up
in this bitch
is there anybody can I just saw people
going up the elevator very quick no
elevator
look at this guys how trippy is at some
illusion look at us aquarium look at
this hey smooth I'm so hungry so nobody
though here guys are eating caramel for
breakfast Bongo has been boosting it and
same with Jack it's Middle Eastern
cuisine bakery families have final
restaurant you guys are finally gonna
come visit yeah so now this place is bad
then I'll let you know now apparently
they have like meat pies and shit know
what right on these roll obsolete
played yourself because they even got
the snakeskin chairs around here
this is wild we're going upstairs
apparently that's where we're gonna be
eating I'll take you guys on a journey
with me to eat my fine food my goodness
looks like we're in a house I got a nice
house vibe change if this place is
Middle Eastern then why is that cash up
because you can get in on
right I'm not really deaf kms bitch Oh
Mike
here you go Bongo Sims for you here guys
there might be a little typo here I was
gonna get the yellow special but with
the fries chocolate chicken shawarma and
garlic sauce so I don't know what gralik
sauce is I know I definitely know
garlic's irrelevant for Alex did you
write the menu Ryan 6:50 did you read
menus ago I didn't write them and you
can't spell rank ass I'm getting cancer
mouth yeah MOU th e Pittsburgh guys we
just got warm Peter brought to the table
the shit is absolutely live but no
hummus to dip it in yeah yeah yeah
oh my some you order that and for the
meal I think I'm gonna grab the calf ha
and I'm me and cheese buy beef with
hummus alert ah
so I got hot fries hot fries and my
kepta this is a dopest meat in the world
everything there's so much food Middle
Eastern people eat too damn West's all I
gots a portions now you're gonna lie
guys paramount was lit as fuck I'm
absolutely bloody right now still
craving booster juice from yesterday
that we didn't get because it was closed
so I'm gonna get it we're gonna go to
the mall for a bit I'm probably gonna
buy a few things little shopping because
on a side note the car dealerships are
closed today it's a fucking holiday or
some shit every day after New Year's is
a holiday apparently so I can't go there
today I'm gonna go back when I go back
to Ottawa even though they don't might
not have the car that I want a fucking
complicated shit you know but I'm gonna
go to the mall spend some money
something that Ryan doesn't have so guys
I'm looking for another jacket I just
got the goose but I want like a fall
more swaggy type jacket the goose is for
like cold cold days in Ottawa sometimes
use want to flex just try this one on
but it doesn't come in my size well the
girl on the back senousy of a ton of
mice
great one with blacks also swag as fuck
that's it
the jacket is caught from Akash now I
got him Akash and the goose so I have a
swag one and one for extra cold days but
this jackets got the red good does it
have the red guts
oh yeah the red guts red got alert I was
gonna go to the Apple store but it's a
little like it's not too many people at
it right now it's just like not an
absolute zoo in the story so the wall
I'll wait well you see I can't afford a
pony
Brian go with this guy apparently the
man in Nordstrom has been saying hi to
everybody he literally said hi to us we
left in 30 seconds he said hi it's
alright hello right now there's a
stampede of 200 people doesn't it goes
I'm gonna zoom in this is the man in the
suit over there three of you go and then
give me the thumbs up if he hits you you
gotta go in Chad is he there he's coming
out
ah sorry about that guys
cameras little xub did but ago he said
hi he said leave it so guys I just found
this disgusting shirt New York you
already know what it is
Urban Outfitters it's a cop what else do
I want I don't know I'm on a shopping
spree today the last day we're in
Toronto so I'm balling over you know so
he's trying to find me a jacket so I can
wear the same one she's wearing she's in
the guy section though what do you think
of this too small I'm looking for waffle
peas I ended up last second grabbing a
nice dusty hat and then I'm also getting
like a windbreaker type jacket a jacket
and then Sylvia forced me to get this
shirt that she liked on me so got like a
bunch of stuff here then the actual
jacket from the macaws place today's a
good shopping day so on top of the
already 50% off I got another 50% off
because this tag was stuck on you know
the tag when you buy things they have to
take it off with a magnets and shit they
couldn't get it off they tried banging
with books and everything I was just
like you know what fucking all handle it
DIY knife Wolfie hammer mallet Wolfie
will deal with this so I got it anyways
I didn't beep on the way out
surprisingly and now just hopefully I
don't beep at every store I going but as
soon as we get back to the Airbnb I'm
going to figure out a way to bang this
thing off so I can wear my actual damn
jacket oh here we go bro I turn it on
first hump you heard that you heard the
beat um one second oh no guys I was
gonna say look at these mannequins with
your lightsaber look at that Darth Vader
over here
brilliant Anakin Skywalker over here
little and this guys getting he's having
sex with his light I think and then I
don't know just got sick
alright see right you could walk yo Ryan
boy if you don't get your fucking beat
ass so me in the boys yesterday were
talking about how the weekend should get
sponsored by Starbucks and make a
commercial that says instead of I'm a
motherfucking star boy he should say I'm
a motherfucking Starbucks haha okay yeah
it's not that funny but it's fucking
pretty funny it's clever so if you ever
do it the weekend you should definitely
just let everyone know that I came with
the idea okay if you're doing it right
now and I don't know about it then here
so we picked up some snacks at the store
guys kind of fuzzy peaches are power ADA
Dasani some Pringles this is partially
for tonight but Percy for the trek home
tomorrow we get the new dog in the
morning looking forward to that also
tired we just
kicking out the house for like the last
little bit I'm about to drink a Red Bull
and wake the hell up
what happened tell them I'm at all right
a million subscribers I hit it man so he
hit nine hundred Cates of us on our way
to more Wolfie subs check out the new
stuff see hat I had to pick it up he
says why not stuff see you gotta grab
stuff see also one more one more thing
guys you know how I had this shirt this
thing I'm gonna break open the seal
right now oh this thing right here so I
need a hammer yeah we're gonna see if we
have a Oh thousand degree knife versus
new jacket oh you could ply it off for
plying guys if I cut my new jacket then
I don't know what to say
how am I gonna I just need to get under
cuz I don't want to actually cut the
jacket sure that lift it lift alert I
hurt the wire to crack more bro its
Mason yeah nice vest oh yeah oh my
whoopee with the chip was killer
all right slow down thank you
Mikan oh yes I love that
oh nice nice chips alright so today
we're opening Oh jacket whoopee
why my wife my face is up I know no it's
a joke it's off oh yeah
the precogs whoa it's gonna wash up your
camera first did I get it now
did you survive dude why no jacket
actually hundredths of livre moving him
back
I just clip this will happen shot of
course guys are know so here's it that
jacket Thank You Admiral better this one
without my new windbreaker hey woo DIY
let's go Nightwolf be my boy enjoy every
outfit sending my resume right I'll be
at your DIY remove it with a knife
Wolfie so guys when we were headed
upstairs today jab met one of our
supporters in the lobby had a quick
selfie with him cuz we didn't have too
much time we had to hop in the elevator
and this guy DM dryin and Jackie said yo
you guys are in my building I love your
vids I want to show some support so I'll
buy you any pizza so everyone's like
sceptical about it everyone's like I
don't know if you want to like use a fan
for pizza Bobo all this stuff I'm like
fuck that guy said he wants to get his
feet something like yo let's get the
whole fucking store so right now I'm
DMing him on behalf of Ryan and pretty
much you just said pick anything with
beats a pizza and I'll have it delivered
to the lobby so I'm not gonna go too
hard on him right now I'm gonna test
them cuz I think it might be like some
sort of prank
he might order like some pizza with some
crazy stuff on it I don't know he's
trying to poison us so we're gonna order
like two pizzas I think and then he said
he'll have them delivered to the lobby
we'll go down probably meet him in the
lobby have a little fan meeting green
and then get free pizza this is a free
life get free pizza anywhere it's gotta
be t-mobile all right there we go guys
so he just put the order in and I said
no worries my nigga
orders should be here in 40 minutes or
it's free but it's actually already free
Monday night first you know Ryan sways
let's see just said no Molineux yeah no
actually they respond need Orion sways
she's blind
today this is cringe ro she's she really
doesn't know who Ryan's was really
ignoring it
yo mine yeah yeah yeah come on bug
oh she yeah she said yep no chill bro
eat this go here yo this will be decimal
Ryan say she said no though one guy Ryan
old block more oh this girl she looks
like Sweden Asian yeah for sheer sways
nation do you know right away they go
well given what the benefit is the
benefit let's try one more okay one more
one for three that's pretty bad delfield
Michigan Joseph Michigan this might be
the will go with New Hampshire she's
born she looks like a sways nation yeah
yeah she sways - here we go
no guys this I know alright nice time on
doing it all wrong
next time we'll catch you out dude or
raceways hopefully actually one guy at
the mall near I noise hey give mother
end of one you don't take that but bill
one percent per bottle prepares oh
that's about impervious coke continues
yo yes okay last one yeah she watches
sweet
all right we're over the pizza is here
but why in the washroom brother pizza's
here
we got to go we have to be downstairs
now smoke weed everyday what happened in
three seconds as nigga's at the washer
why is it all white out in your piece
what the hell the black side on let's go
cuz anybody's ears popping yeah my ears
are on the ground floor view this this
high right you lead the way you've been
talking on Instagram Bongo any way I can
afford to get stuff squad rocky to his
Mamaw Pizza
go follow the main man on Instagram I
will leave his Instagram right here and
follow his girlfriend - why not go thank
you
you have a camera yes we got this stuff
is it poison brown brown rice with the
guts like that so we got the pizza
really quiet cuz the concierge is like
walking going off right now getting mad
at stomach grinding down we're going
back upstairs
but again shout out to the real MVP so
we're heading back down the other waiter
we just came up ate some of the slice of
pizza shut it again this is the third
show that I've given already to my boy
Rob we are going to pick up my other
friend Christian he is in town with his
girlfriend Christian I don't know if you
guys know you fucking probably know him
guys a pretty big deal he doesn't know
where we are right now sorry I have to
go outside and find him hopefully we can
find him hey guys over here
everybody's Christians here please leave
early Christian to end of the block I'm
gonna get all the vlog Amazon hey fucker
is a hundred what fuck is this gonna do
you guys are going to Ripley slits for
my other channel - Jeff wonder if we got
a shit huh we got a girlfriend Kristen
Kristen there she is good we are gonna
be going to the Ripley's Believe It or
Not fucking aquarium or something and
we're going to mention as well because
too hot I just you a monkey in this room
that were like yeah what happened what's
going on what'd you say I didn't say you
say anything I just feel yeah I just
Ripley's Believe It or Not aquarium open
till 11:00 p.m. we got blue bottles come
join us come join us yeah you don't have
those in LA that's what I thought
yeah Ripley's Aquarium guys you can see
the elevator going down CN tower
beautiful and we're right beside the
Rogers Center which is right here guys
Roger Center everything is in like one
enclosed area you know what it is I
think I see like some guy up there his
name is Bongo and he's with some guy
Christian Dale's news or some shit
rod it's crazy it's crazy can I get a
picture can I don't cross oh can I get a
picture no can find it by famous
fighters out here guys crazy guys it's
crazy how they have fire outside but
we're going in somewhere that's chilled
with water mean like absolutely crazy
right
how positive are you that people don't
easier I'll say there's anybody know
Ryan's race nobody no one knows right
sways here that's not like one person
goes right space here life hack guys the
line starts here but if you don't want
to pay for the aquarium you can just see
the free fish outside of the aquarium
guys how crazy is this literally I don't
even need to go and I don't need to pay
and I can still get the full experience
holy shit you just came to bit me these
guys are crazy
bill jam jam jelly jam no I told you bro
I'll pay you tomorrow bro chill chill
broke don't come at me like that alright
guys I just bawled out bought the
tickets reflexing and now there's like a
$2 coat check I'm just gonna leave my
coat on because I don't need four check
you know I mean like so fucking not a
club everyone else has like goose and
stuff but I brought my new jacket 15
dollars and he's gonna wear it cuz I
don't need go check your Ryan sways you
good
does anybody know him no windows right
so guys they left some presents here I'm
about to steal the Grinch Stole
Christmas
shun Merry Christmas hi Charlie did you
give it to the kid who's right I was
being the Grinch stealing Christmas guys
Kristen just pointed out this is the
ancient savage seat so this is where I
used to live guys hey good good man
Charlie look at this alive amazing see
even at the Ripley's Aquarium there's
gonna be some fans wolf fam just goes
from sea to shining sea now there's a
lot of fish this is the biggest lobster
I've ever seen and he is grilling me yo
jam jam Jimmy bro I'm not even trying to
serve beef gracia lobster so it's cuz I
read love strawberry fish it loves it
grab calm calm yo you see it's a crowd
there's mad crabs over here guys yo he's
beefing he's weeping he's beefing look
at these claws bro oh yeah look it is
like low mandibles why smells like shit
hey what's he doing know I could eat
just look at that he's gonna fight he's
gonna fight he's gonna fight I didn't do
anything this chill no bro I didn't even
see that what do you mean what come on
bro thank you at the same time at the
same time take a family tells you how
much you're worth yeah no Jago on first
at all step one you'll see the
difference three point six move the
block camera 823 grand 10 grand I'm
Casey Jessica cool this is Silvia is
literally controlling this with their
hand right now your reverse it no posit
when I go slow motion
they're coming out the anemones guys no
fighting you already know it's finding
dory ye and this one they actually look
like in real life it actually exists
this is a I can't believe these are
living creatures to be around look at
the fall in the wind what was that
alright guys so everybody is checking
out the easy finish I don't want to do
the easy fish I'm going to the danger
Lagoon Juve intense music holy shit it's
fucked in here it is literally fuck
together what the hell oh my god oh my
god this is so dangerous
this is dangerous keep running keep
running it's fucking dangerous
what walk this thing move
saying you don't have to walk I just
takes you by the fish
all right Sasha name is Tintin turn the
dangerous music off since when is there
a fish cook this girl fish I new dog and
you guys are best friends friendship
cleans on our fish oh yeah
what a good fish what a good catch and
then this one is eats other fish shark
alert guys I spotted the first two shots
they're sleeping on the job
this shark is honestly I'm going to say
something it's dead honestly think
someone needs to get to shore that's not
good no this one right here the huge one
as you can see his teeth guys they look
at the shark's teeth how he's running
away these are going is really way oh my
God look at the size of this day you
know it's on top of us there's a shark
on top of us what do you think guys
update I don't think he is dead now
there is something going on and don't
know if that's a mouth ear and eye
something is moving myth and that is not
a shark this is a sword shark fin 40
French yeah a sawfish definitely a
starfish yo fuck the sharks this is the
biggest fish I've ever seen in my life
this is a big one for scale for scale
well you can see how big it is his eyes
are bigger than pretty much tennis balls
his lips are bigger than Ryan spaces
what
this one this one kind of looks at you
right no I fish just kicks it on it do
you think of this would win in a fight
or sure a small shark a small shark oh I
don't think this could fight I don't
think it does like you know this is
Kylie Jenner lip charlie
you have that extra of luck you found
that you lost but you know don't have it
this are here become business journalism
oh my goodness that's the one from
finding dory and Finding Nemo
he carries a gnarly dude it's crush from
Finding Nemo these kind of stingrays oh
my goodness hey come here come here
all right now come here just don't come
here then just come here you what do you
you come here why is your nose like mine
everybody don't care your tails long
ugly out of here what I'm about to show
you is the biggest creature I've ever
seen in my life so we just told me to
look up we are underneath okay a sword
fin fish barrel escapes coat cape okay I
need to show this to everybody I need to
show this to everybody then already did
already yo guys guys come here quick
come in now what you need to see the
biggest fish right here now look up oh
he thought it was a joke
when it was over I thought my friend eel
was good so I snuck away from the whole
crew because they got a little excited
over the animal show them now I'm just
looking at the individual sharks but
these aren't even cool cuz I've seen the
big ones now I think this is the kids
own you can pet a sting right here I'm
gonna try that out
keep them though pretty fun scare the
better of a bad thing right but I'm
gonna do it this is the shark reef kids
crawl so I'm not a kid
Oh problem oh my god oh my god
we're literally crawling in the can't
scrub guys
there's a shark above me and below me
the mad echo this is for kids it's
definitely too big for me guys we made
it some guy around the corner literally
other guys know I got a good idea the
crowd yeah
spurious thing that happens when you put
your hand in the water as your hand gets
wet you're already there today you're
good okay guys either horseshoe crabs
these are one of the oldest species on
the planet so they're still pretty cool
whoa attaching an animal species has
been around looking pretty much like
this performing really
at sea 100 million years before the
dinosaurs come in still alive still
around the key is that they haven't
changed look at their tails guys tails
are insane I literally think these guys
are having sex there's three of them
this guy smoked over this guy this guy's
on top of this guy they just uh oh my
goodness like what are these ones doing
they're dating wait are they dating it's
going on no I have told you guys they're
dating look at this fish guys lying on
fish it is right
shout out to Sylvia Sylvia just found me
a seahorse I've never actually seen one
in real life but I have the one lonesome
seahorse in there that's so trippy
literally this one's wrapping its tail
around the tree that's so cool guys
these things are called Halloween crabs
because they are black and orange how
badass is that what okay it smells like
ass over here I think one of them sugar
pants look at these fish it says kids
enter here oh my gosh so okay
here is a
right here we have the wolffish and it's
known for it crazy dance moves and large
nose large nose it has actually one of
the biggest nose I mean it's tending of
the biggest nose in the sea world shine
oh no your curb stomp coffee wraps get
the time yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
these things are lit oh my goodness I
want to see the tea light be like a
raccoon why can't I see we're going to
the chill I realize oh there we go and
to the purple zone you me oh my god
that's so cool the lights are on like
crazy because these are see-through
jellyfish but look at once the camera
focuses guys how trippy is that I can be
how trippy are all of these jellyfish
guys
is he fully entire that's trippy
it's the Jew I'd be like pet ragu mic
and eyes even more jellyfish that you
can barely see at a first glimpse there
is probably some floating around here
but you can only see them under certain
light I like the clear Orbeez that I do
my blog Matt time I go here this guy's
only s1c through AF these are literally
micro micro jellyfish we're just looking
at the life cycle and these things are
tiny compared to Sylvia's finger you can
see them just like normal jelly fish
swimming around if I jumped in the water
in the ocean I would just think that's
dirt until mad tingling is going on in
my body are these like the medium ones
you call yourself upside down jellies
then why you right-side up bro like
you're doing it wrong everyone's upside
down and here right side up and you too
I cannot deal with these fake upside
down jellies why are they claiming to be
upside down jellies right-side up
Kyleigh these are shark eggs in here
guys you can literally see the shark
moving around inside but you could see
that one this one this one's moving like
crazy you can see the shark inside of it
oh my gosh jerks just give birth like
lay eggs they lay eggs man come on bro
you didn't read the aquarium route look
what these sharks are such boneheads man
bonehead you want to touch a shark but
you can't huh you can't touch them they
stop moving you already have to
constantly send otherwise they get
married no that's not not if they start
moving the I can't know a half that's a
lie I swear and what what's the logic
event because they need the flow of the
water in order to like so they don't
sleep water suite walkers oh my god
that's disgusting I'm out all right guys
we're finally back at the Airbnb
basically we tried going to mentees for
the second time in a row it was closed I
guess it's like a stat holiday today
honestly I give up at the men cheese
around the corner from us at this point
two times flop I'm not coming back to
you I'll go to the one in Ottawa but
then we decided we were going to go back
to the air B&B and on our way there
Christian's girlfriend Kristen said why
don't we get nachos so we were driving
and she's like yeah moxie sells really
good nachos and then the taxi I was like
oh there's a Moxie's right there like
word let us know we got let out had some
wine had some nachos it was delicious
and now we're finally back at the Airbnb
Christian and Kristen went back to their
house and it's been a long fucking day
the boys exhausted so I'm gonna end the
vlog off there but before I end the vlog
off I'm gonna follow some of y'all quick
little late-night photos free on the
Twitter ball your boy at Wolfie raps on
Twitter and then I will follow you back
and like a bunch of your shit I'm also
gonna be spamming people on Instagram
for like the next little bit so if you
haven't follow me on instagram already
follow me at Wolfie spam me with lakes
and I'm gonna like all of your pics back
as long as I see you show up in the
notification feed I'm liking your shit
but I'm gonna end the vlog off there if
you guys enjoyed the vlog and if you're
excited to see the new addition to the
family tomorrow go down to smash that
like button let's hit 25 actually fuck
it let's hit 30,000 likes if you guys
are excited for the dog the puppy not
even a dog
it's less than a puppy also comment down
below welcome to the family because
tomorrow's gonna be a pretty big day
maybe bigger than when we got Wolfie jr.
we'll see and I will see you guys soon
on mobile fever we stay a little bit
more savage my main channel and as
always stay savage like Oh
