good morning eh oh it's good to werewolf
II welcome back to more wolf fever it is
the morning after New Year's happy new
years everyone watching this vlog 2017
let's make this year lit as but
we're in the Airbnb right now we're
leaving can't go to the next Airbnb
until 4 so it's 11 right now so
basically we have to figure out what to
do for the next couple of hours I'll
give you guys a quick tour of the Airbnb
BAM there it is
I'll give you a better tour of the next
Airbnb me and Sylvia were supposed to
meet up with some girl to buy a dog
today or no not buy a dog but like look
at a dog and this girl's been
shady as hell over email she sent us
some pictures with the Soviet on one of
the pictures on Google so we don't know
if it's the actual dog then she sent us
some more pictures quality like of
the side of the dog so we don't know if
it's the real dog obviously we want to
go check anyways but we don't even know
if we're meeting a response meter at
1:30 right now it's like looking like
not happening at all but we have like
two more days in Toronto to figure it
out and we're probably gonna go dog
hunting first stop of the day is food
you guys already know what it is I'm
wearing the adidas today fresh as hell
on my nice duffel bag here where's your
bag right um chill man
give Ryan my old bag I got that new East
Saint Laurent you can tell by the font
you know you just copped it the other
day
it's just a nice unhurt that's from Aldo
it's my use bag the zipper is broken
I carried I'm falling oh definitely I'm
more swag Delta rain right now by the
way bro I got that who's Ryan Smith I
don't know make sure it's not a thing
guys we're all guys coated up a little
who is writer commented in the Dorobo
second-guess it who is that guy yo Ryan
stop sucking like dick what are you
doing holy I'll leave it in not
edited it look like janitor ru
movies mother Jana yeah
daily dose of Paul you know Ryan sways
no that girl looks like every girl rands
ever talked she likes pretty cute so
you'll sound on to what snap is a chef
oh no I do not know what I say okay oh
one more one more this you bro bro get
her
my late was nervous cause that was my
school oh ok westco's you don't get no
koushin brothers so there's so many
church things there in church
periscoping no we see you next episode
where hopefully some guys were packing
like Tetris QED
all right lights going off right now
right there's no space for your stuff
yeah I was put in the middle there's
like first irishman mines in there you
can just put that in there in the back
for my back saying everything fit can
you close it no no I know if you can
close it then I'm throwing a yay sound
effect in there no sound effects move
here we go here we go 3 2 1 3 2 1 yeah
Sean's passed out in his driver's seat
Lane making his girlfriend drive the car
he just hardened yo Sean make sure you
got the red guts these guys got the past
no guts so we're on our way to the
breakfast spot it's called overeasy I've
logged it last time you Soviet came to
Toronto really good eggs really good I
remember they had dope home
fries so I'm excited about it
got my water bottle here here
yeah there's no water in that you can't
put that are you capping let's try the
cap cap it ok extreme water bottle flip
challenge okay actually possible it
actually this boss a little trick shot
million jeez
bongo let's go yo swears yo you know
squeeze I don't have chosen I don't know
you don't know sweet yo Ryan stop
stealing my jokes bro
you need to be more confident bro be
more confident
okay bro all right that way that way
okay yo which way are we going bro
sometimes you got to know what the puns
you can't take the full name of the
place Ryan's looking around though you
don't then it's right here you would
know played yourself
we're here at over easy it's a bit of a
line whatever do a lot of people
definitely in line so all right we're
out such a nice line up liking yeah
he'll make a joke about Charlie's line
up with the hole that he's like that was
a perfect by now you should get a line
up that was jagged line up does anyone
know where I am please all right we're
out okay guys so we got to find a new
breakfast spot now
I mean subway is here oh it's closed
never mind everything's closed on
January 1st because it's the new year
then what's that huh you hear it's open
the lines even longer now guys that we
left so it's easy to tell this place is
old I said bors honestly bro I should
honestly hold on let me zoom it I should
be crown for the Guinness World
Records of these puns bro
the Guinness on yeah you didn't see it
guys look at this we just parked at the
Eaton Center and there's a car wash in
the mall parking lot 2017 for you I sort
of just 2016 that they didn't have this
 day passed now they help this
yeah we're here look at that Christmas
tree it's January 1st wives the
Christmas tree Scylla there's anybody
know Ryan's ways
you guys don't know Ryan's face I don't
know him either I don't know you know we
found sways nation you know Ryan you
know you know sweetie okay all the
games over guys we're done for the day
no no not a lot you knew Ryan hit him
sweet the guys last second we decided
we're gonna go see this dog because why
not we can't get into the air B&B till
four o'clock Charlotte's a bundle for
driving because Bongo Sergey everyone
else went to go see a movie obviously
Sylvia's coming because she wants to see
the dog as well literally at this point
I just think the person I've been
matching messaging is like an old lady
that like doesn't know how to use phones
or anything because she's been sending
blurry pictures like I said like she
hasn't been like very specific where she
even is so we're driving like an hour
outside of Toronto to like Hamilton to
go see this dog she just talked about
how in the email she's like well I drove
for our five hours for a pup one so then
didn't pick it up because it wasn't up
to my expectation all this weird stuff
so we're just like why don't we
actually go see it finally on road right
now and then I will update you guys when
we pull it to Hamilton which is like 40
minutes thank God for vlogs in vlog time
it'll be update we are pretty much only
ten minutes away now I love vlogs how
you can just teleport you guys
wish you could teleport you can't on the
I can teleport no Tober we are five
minute alert guys we're almost here what
I thought your snapchat I waited eight
seconds I was like okay she's done the
snap it I could plug
go ahead I'll be back one click away
guys one kilometer we're almost here now
sorry I had to turn the camera off so V
is long and can't have two vloggers at
once
what are we Ryan's ways anyways guys
were in the most polluted area on the
planet there's pipe it up
everywhere going everywhere smoke over
there like mad smoke factories the GPS
says were five minutes away so everyone
just pray down in the comments like for
me I'm kind of like sketch about this
place because like I said the
communication has not been that great I
gave the girl my number probably six
times and she's still been messaging me
back through the Kijiji web site so
hopefully I don't get murdered right now
but I have my high hopes to at least see
a cute dog today that's not super plan
is so we're having at the place guys
exactly what I expected the destination
looks deserted
I'll be alive we go frightened
guys is a gate yeah I focus my um my mom
my mom's background like they're in
their belief dogs are always voiced and
cats are always girls really always like
so there's no girl there's no boy cats
or all weight no girl cats boy dogs yeah
that's exactly girl cats boy boy dogs
I don't we put all girls this show is
called a girl she my nephew has a boy
cat neutered and everything and she was
she oh yes no thing she did this and she
I think we're good we'll take it I told
you you love me so cute his color is
perfect
my name is better that way because then
you have the 72 hours from the time that
you pick them up to get him at your bed
yeah to your vets Ottawa yeah so what I
would do is if you're got sohcahtoa call
them book an appointment yeah we will
for sure yeah I like that you get back
you know
yeah no no they're gonna want to put
didn't want
had it when you and when you get when
you go to the vet don't let anybody else
touch it because you don't know why
they're in there they could have sick
dog
yeah it's to get him they could have
animals that are on vitality will keep
them innocent I think that the only
person that carries it is you guys and
the only people that touch it or the vet
you know and the vet assistant since I'm
so hurt my job table down because I see
that sometimes not wipe the table down
via normal good that day well got a pic
he's looking at the camera his head tiny
like if you look at mom's head thumbnail
so a little bit of an update I think we
just bought another dog it is what it is
we bought it okay we might have bought
the dog guys we don't know what to name
him comment down below we're thinking of
names prince is a badass name so I like
the name principal comment other names
down below because we haven't named yet
we're not picking him up until we go
back to Otto B because once you get a
dog that small you're supposed to bring
it to the vet like we're within 72 hours
after you get it and it's not supposed
to be around a billion people so I'm not
gonna bring it to the air B&B and then
have it just be overwhelmed with
everyone there we're gonna leave it
there until the day we head back to
Ottawa
pick it up meet the girl and then bring
it back and flew all the junior gets
along with the dog but it was super
relaxed as you guys thought was just
chilling sleepy perfect dog that I like
the mom was chilled the Chihuahua on
that house and knowing his help
but it is what it is I'm never getting a
chihuahua mom I don't know why you love
to always so much but Wolfie junior you
got a brother so we're currently looking
for how to get in the second Airbnb
Sean's up there with his girlfriend but
this guy is terrible with directions
apparently it took him like six years
just to get here and now he got here and
while we were parking because there's
only one underground space he got a
parking spot and now he's in the
building
we just went to this building all the
way up to the room number we were
supposed to be in knocked on the door no
one answered thank God because it was
the wrong building we were in and now
the boys are literally like hunting for
an entrance of the building I think this
is the back entrance why we might have
to go all the way around this building
like this way around to the front of the
entrance like we're lost right now we
have no idea
what the frig Shawn come on bro freaking
wolf I can't be doing this today after
New Year's come on yeah we're over here
I was looking out the door over there
we're officially here in a nicely oh
geez look at this view from our room
guys amazing we are like downtown
Toronto yeah and so they got our bedroom
for the night it is nice as hell second
Airbnb there's like 67 floors in the
 place but quick quick tour this
well show you got a likkle room here bed
here and then air mattress I already
know what it is
bathroom main room Wi-Fi password Wi-Fi
password yeah other room which has a
nice view that goes into the kitchen
everything set up nice little cool couch
we have our view looking over the Tridel
built for life stuff oh we are high
we're literally the same level as the
building right there which I'll go out
but I'm afraid of heights you guys know
that hate you yeah this feels fake this
literally feels fake guys we are so damn
high right now
I'm showing you the view oh my god don't
drop my camera
and we're only on like halfway through
this mount building 67 floors
TV big mirror washer/dryer other mirror
coat room another bathroom Biff you make
kitchen DIY wolfy station cure egg stuff
here and in the last room right here so
pretty spacious
honestly this is like the perfect size
for a house that I'd be looking for in
Toronto for a condo
maybe maybe twice so yeah it's nice and
now I'm just gonna finish editing the
rest of my vlog i main channel oh that's
a business house I was gonna say these
floors are late you can't see
them but there's just some things
standing all over there in that building
so time to bang out this edit and then
get some food cause I'm starving
food alert alert alert what's here guys
but he's got a nice burger and Sylvia
got some chicken alfredo with the white
cut large but they didn't how do you not
have small get smaller
oh one side so that means more pool okay
this is mine cuz I have a Caesar salad
Giga salad no food connoisseur with
Wolfie just look at this burger Caesar
salad cheese is like a pickle lettuce
and then there's a Swiss cheese elana
also I didn't come with too much sauce
so I had to get the barbecue sauce too
much stuff my second year here guys
now this is my house my second meal
chicken alfredo mmm so who's gonna eat
honestly I'm gonna get it before an
actress Tobias you just this just this
little portion I get the rest get it oh
it doesn't need to get too
we're you sleeping at home what are you
doing get up no time for sleep here
bread cuts late-night uber mission two
 men she's right now rent cheese
closes in 15 minutes
uber right they're supposed to take
seven minutes we're we're really craving
ice cream I was craving bubble tea or
like a smoothie to be honest I was
craving Booster Juice and I'm settling
oh my god marsala
you should be here
dodj carrot grand caravan we are just
looking for the uber driver right now
yeah that's him that's him according to
my GPS was supposed to arrive at 10:52
it's right around the corner very quick
guys but if they close early then we're
not gonna get the men cheese if we don't
get the men cheese it's gonna be a
problem okay so you guys see it this is
proof let's see what they do
24-hour challenge and amend cheese so
it's 1053 people are starting to think
it's different hours for New Year's
because yeah it's definitely closed
let's see
they removed like when it's open till
11:00 why clothes eat Ohio why clothes
who is why cause okay guys so as you can
see it's closed
I remember now we official world
ah so we pretty much came here and we
are like yo metros 24 hours in Ottawa
where I'm from so why isn't it 24 hours
here now it's closed as well so now
we're just finding any store that
happens to be open which is Jack Astor's
across the street as a story we're open
sign we're figuring out what we can get
because this can't be right out even the
Rexall the convenience store is closed
on the corner New Year's and all these
freakin holidays man go okay analyst
okay guys so check this out
grab Jack Astor's it's open til 12:00 so
thank God at least something's open on
us I'm gonna get the ultra thick Oreo
cookie milkshakes I'm really craving ice
cream and I'm also gonna get this quick
bait world smallest ridiculously small
brownie it has a wolfy title
and I think Sylvia is getting too smart
Sunday and we're gonna pick guys look at
this Oreo milkshake this ice cream is
phenomenal
holy and she even gave us extra in here
because there was so much in Ryan to
Matt extra ice cream Sylvia's milkshake
just came in and this thing is honestly
five dollars but check it out now this
milkshake is technically this milkshake
is now $2,000 let's get a thumb down so
now let me try this
$2,000 friggin milkshake oh right now ah
tastes like typical Rosie but has gold
on it now I want to tell you guys that
the world's ridiculously small brownie
is actually not as small pretty
delicious though so I just posted a
video of my giant tin foil aluminum foil
ball it's getting amazing feedback but a
lot of people commented they're like yo
you should you should cut it open
because I wasn't able to cut it open on
the video but I'm looking up katanas
right now on Amazon and I'm just like
trying to find out which one is dope
because if I could add that if I could
add that to the knife wolfy collection
yeah I mean some of them are reasonably
priced but then there's ones for like 4
grand yeah
I'm not down to buy a friggin handmade
Chinese Thai mahogany blade samurai
katana sword with bamboo saya for 4
grand nah I'm good but I will find
something that's at least highly rated
maybe I'll have to order to the States
and go pick it up there probably have
more selection but I'm gonna find
something just bought three katana
time to cut some all right guys end
the vlog day one in Toronto actually no
this is not day 1 this is day 2
technically day 1 doesn't count though
because it was New Year's it was lit
today was a little sluggish but we still
got everything we needed to get done
dropped two videos double upload Dave
bought some katanas to cut that friggin
tinfoil ball open when I get home found
a dog bought a dog like too much is
happening at a fast pace but it is what
it is that's what life is about you know
what I'm saying I don't know what I'm
saying anyways I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog make sure to go down smash that
like button tomorrow is also gonna be a
banger so if you're excited for that
let's hit 25,000 Lakes wolf and we've
been hitting that on all the blogs
we can easily smash that so go down hit
the like button if you haven't already
also if you made it to the very end of
the blog I want you guys to comment
down below Canada just Canada see a n8d
eight Canada down below because even if
you're from the states show some love
from my home country okay and I
will see you guys soon on more will here
where we stay a little bit more Cyrus in
my main channel and as always stay
savage Lego
