good morning ayo let's get at you boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy the day
before New Year's is today guys happy
new years pre happy new years post happy
new years happy new to stay last video
of 2016 this is it guys so I hope you're
excited for this vlog if you are going
on smash that like button and comment
down below your New Year's resolutions
right now in the comments even though we
all know that we're always going to flop
on like 90% of them let's try not to do
any of that this year at least have one
New Year's resolution that we know we
are gonna stick to so mine I need to set
some serious goals for 2017 I didn't
really set any goal or no the goals that
I set for 2016 I think I wanted to hit a
million subscribers we are now at 1.5 or
something on this channel and like I
think we're almost at 4.3 on my main
channel so we have exceeded my
expectations I don't want to set goals
too high because then obviously letdown
when I don't accomplish them so I always
got to think of realistic goals so later
today I'm going to sit down write some
goals on a piece of paper that I can
reach towards that are actually
attainable you guys should do the same
thing write down your goals and
accomplish them guys play short let's
get shit done
anyways bongos on his way over right now
to car talk bitterly car talk car talk
are talked the last like three weeks
have been Car Talk
last night I was at my parents late and
then I came home staying up til countin
oh my god wolfy just took the biggest P
of life good boy good boy you can see
his footprints on the ground I was like
oh why is it wet footprints
he always licks his penis he's done good
boy buddy good boy hey good boy they are
saying I stayed up very late last night
just looking at every car option so
hopefully there's no more car talk after
today I'm planning on getting a lot done
today and then I also want to get an
outfit for New Year's so we're going
shopping so we just are waiting on the
car dealership to make some moves right
now so we went to the mall and set in
the spare time I just wanted to tell you
guys rain drop drop top we going to the
body shop those means kill me anyways
yeah we're shopping I got to find some
new year's clothes and my hair line is
still on whoa yo Bongo guess what
raindrop tipped us how many should we
get today rain drop hallmark
that was asked hopefully I could recover
from that one to rate and drop that was
a flop brain drop small shop ok bitchy a
raindrop drop top we going to eat at
match you up guys I cannot have my tacos
without rain drop drop top gotta have my
hot sauce go BA go don't you need like
some cold beverage with your what here
my yeah ready drop drop top can't even
come guys this side is bad a bushy top
Argos I'll go scratch and supreme ain't
so sorry what the fuck is this it's
supremely moot
taste - no is it bless I love that yeah
they definitely fucked him up but I got
bear tacos let's get it alright guys
quick a shopping trip we've ever done
didn't buy anything
met up with Mad fans though so shout out
to all the Ottawa viewers now we're
going back to the car shop to see what
kind of deal they can offer you boy
wolfy if it's a flop that it's a flop
flop if it's a pass then it's a drop top
so bad news at the first dealership
we're at the second dealership I got
some candy I stole it
good news though there's a kid section
for me sit down on my chest and draw
stuff while I wait so it's going to draw
this my writings like a two-year-old I
don't know how to draw a crown why am i
drawing it like that there's supposed to
be a wolf king wolf let's get it okay
guys so I got my Red Bull right now I'm
with my man Bongo I love that we're
about to film a video for his channel
basically if you guys haven't seen like
my older videos I used to wax Omar a lot
I used to wax everyone a lot okay I was
a waxing God with that shit but today I
get to wax this man's chest my chest
alert are you excited I'm excited for
the red gush and your beard the beers
extra crispy for New Year's but the
chest
I like hey guys one more thing if you
are in Ottawa and you go to st. Pat's
high school shout out to my main man
that made a sweetest man of all times I
approve this guy so if you're a girl and
you're younger know what to do
sadness DM what's your Instagram
the Geoff Boucher Geoff Boucher okay
Geoff Boucher je be be shake it'll be on
the scree right now follow the man they
didn't even ask for a shout-out but this
has been my dog since day one you
already know what it is so we just
finished filming the video this is the
aftermath Bongo
show them your chest whatever cross of
your chest it's a knife yeah 21:21
anyways Vagos got wax this fuck I'm good
though like how do you feel out of Ted
it's a knife
bongos Bert he's just gonna eat here and
then I think we might be going to the
boys house now haven't packed barely
went shopping so I don't really have
anything to wear for New Year's I'm
gonna have to figure out simple outfit
that I've worn a billion times might be
like a cardigan and shirt combo with the
black pants but we'll see where the
night takes us because today was a long
long day and now it's just relaxing time
having fun time playing DJ and cello I
laid him out he thought I was taking the
shot but look at me I'm the white team
I'm gonna and you're not black cause
okay this is me this is me we got a nice
and you got excited about it he cuz
GoDaddy ice-t like take a night oh oh
yeah yeah she did this guy's getting so
excited when we shot but to take a nice
clapper look at this in real time look
at this is real time coming up the ice
and a quick yoy I had to destroy DJ in a
quick game of NHL but my mom just gave
me a call and she told me that the dog
cage that I ordered is finally in and it
came to her house a dog cage I ordered
for wolfy jr. that took me literally all
day looking for it I'm gonna go grab it
and say without real quick I'm excited
for wolfy jr. to have a nice big dog
cage where you can chill when we leave
the house hopefully you can't get out of
it it's all frayed wolfy is not smart
enough to get out of this cage alright
guys so it's a bit bigger than I
expected but this is the right cage for
sure it says it is for dogs that are
like 40 pounds so this should easily be
able to fit will be Junior I got a tall
for that reason it's gonna be a mission
to bring home by myself so you don't
have you yeah hold on wait a second
follows me was that fear faith and truth
got it
take it out see if we can make it hard
yeah like there's a party can't fit it
there it fit it's a good thing you have
your candidate goose jacket on so you
don't freeze it fits we're good to go
yay thank God hey perfect can I actually
have to unbox it stand back we'll be as
dangerous wolfies already scarce for
two-piece three-piece 4-piece five
pieces everything is definitely pretty
big for such a small dog where's the
instructions okay
not like I need them pretty
straightforward actually can't you
deciding I cannot I decided by the sword
I thought it was easy yes we got it oh
my god I think I made it wrong it
doesn't even fit No wolfies first time
in the new cage how do you like it
you got your toys this thing's huge
I said I wanted to give him nice room he
got his toy box face to sleep hopefully
he doesn't poop himself in there but
I'll admit this is good we get our
second dog yeah this is perfect you
cannot climb out of this there's no
weight so he got the cage now guys well
he's exploring his new home good boy
that's your new home it's so tall
definitely not for Wolfie sized dogs but
it's okay guys he's finally asleep
he's literally laying down he looks so
good at his new cage check this out
Whoopie you want to come in good boy
good boy you require you get to come out
you get to come out buddy you get to
come out of your new cage which I can't
even open I can't open it it won't oh
there we go come on out come in jump it
come on up good boy up I got you oh nice
good boy you didn't like it in his new
cage he's so happy to be out yes you
guys know that nerf gun that I bought
the other day from the store I'm
unboxing it oh my god this thing is an
absolute beast and I cannot wait to see
it
where do I begin with this thing this is
the first nerf gun in this house at the
boys house they have so many damn nerf
guns already but here
was like nah now we don't need a nerf
clan until I saw this beast while I was
shopping for the knives 4000 degree
video so as the one yeah once I go to
the boys house they're over they don't
watch my vlogs every day then they're
gonna get Merc because a boy this is
your warning so if you're not caught up
on more wolfy I guess I gave you a
warning and you're gonna get murdered
are the Spidey air strike so these are
the parts I'm pretty sure we have to put
these together I think this is a handle
instructions screw those this whatever
this is and a huge huge mega gun okay
guys I don't think you understand how
big this thing is
compared to my head it is massive okay
look at this big gun guys but it's gonna
look way more badass once I get all of
these bullets in it and then figure out
how to do it so Joey I think you just
unloaded on someone so guys I built the
nerf plan it took me like 40 minutes
because the first instruction was not
clear I don't know how kids this was to
follow through but this is what it looks
like
Julie all right any batteries for it and
it doesn't cover batteries how why guys
you need six 1.5 volt D batteries which
I'm pretty sure like the square
batteries just like any other kid's toy
it doesn't come with batteries so how am
I supposed to shoe with it I'm literally
about to have a nerf war with myself and
fuck you just taking the bullets out and
just imagining it coming from the
fucking gun hey North Fork oh and these
bullets are keys though these bullets
are hey you deferred for Wolfie to chew
on the one problem with this is that it
comes with a pretty sure 24 bullets and
nothing more so if you lose a nerf
bullet you're over because that's just
one gun and all these that are gonna
charge you not just for the batteries
but for more nerf gun bullets so let's
go fight some wars right now
laughs hey wait Bernie dude come on dude
Boop I had actually got here we do don't
wanna come you know come to my back go
back go back to me dude headshot
whatever barking me again
he was trying to further down how much
more I give you more doesn't look yeah
is your crap fire this fire is lasering
you desire get him
he's willing modeling things look a good
sadly gonorrhea issue I'm going around
fire okay guys clearly our choice for
myself because I'm working with a broken
gun but this is a sick gun best believe
as soon as I got back from Toronto I'm
loading this up with batteries going to
the boys house and destroying them when
they're not ready shut out the bay for
cooking me some spaghetti we warned her
some spaghetti we had it the other night
but nothing is better than day-old to
two day old leftover spaghetti amazing I
love my pasta you love it I don't care
so we're pretty much almost done packing
tomorrow we're going to Toronto for like
three or four days not quite sure yet
last time I went there I extended my
trip for like three days so it is what
it is we're gonna see what happens when
we get down there we're gonna have early
as hell so I'm not looking forward to
that but I am looking forward to turning
up with all the squat okay guys so I'm
gonna end the vlog off there like I said
we have to wake up so damn early and
it's already like 3:00 in the morning I
don't know how to do it I don't know how
I'm up this late every damn night even
when I get my shit done earlier than
expected I'm still up till 3:00 this is
just like my bedtime
so if you guys enjoyed the vlog go down
smash that like button by the time this
vlog comes out it's gonna be pretty
close to New Year so happy new years to
everybody watching this video comment
down below Happy New Year's if you guys
made it to the very end of the vlog
share the love 20 17s coming up
greatness is coming up in 2017 do not
screw up your new year's resolution
January 1st cuz everyone fucking does
that let's at least try and push it to
January 2nd okay baby January 3rd if
we're lucky but yeah that's it for
today's vlog again I hope you guys join
I will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more showers
in my main channel and as always stay
savage and I know
