good morning ayo it's good to werewolf
II no echo you hear that yeah that's the
sound of no echo listen yeah listen no
echo what is poppin guys I hope you are
having an amazing morning I just woke up
put on some clothes
ready to film today is the day that my
black tires should be ready so I'm
excited to go pick those up they were
supposed to be ready like two weeks ago
and then a week ago and now they're
supposed to be ready today whoopee
stop crying peace the vacuums out so
we'll be scared he's like no no no save
me come here Wolfie why she will not
come hear me
come here thank you he hates the vacuum
okay I'm carry you I'll carry you hey
mer up mommy's aqui me come here come
here
tell me yep he just throws himself into
your arms so yeah I'm gonna film quickly
and then I'm meeting up with Bongo as
soon as I'm done filming so that we can
go see what we got for these
tires and these rims and these cars be
having
 I could use a haircut oh there we
go
fresh line up we're ready for New Year's
I put the hat I'll cover it up yeah so
I've been editing for the past little
while Sylvia is picking me out food
she's been out all day with the car she
got her hair done and wolfy has been
acting so good today check this
out this guy literally has been laying
down beside me just napping once I took
much to go to the bathroom this morning
this guy's been like an angel ever since
so right now I'm in my editing clothes
aka
my bum gear I need to step into
something a little more swaggy because
once I eat I'm picking up Bongo and we
are going I think we're one of the
Mercedes dealership
maybe not for Sylvia I don't know what
we're doing
the vlog is all about angles and I don't
even know what to wear anymore I think I
might just do a hoodie and then plan on
top of the hoodie to be honest I think
I'm gonna do a gray hoodie
eh and my red and black flannel I love
this shirt so yay halfway done the
outfit what shall i wear today what
shall i wear it's a black date we're
going black Wolfie coming okay all right
don't come bro I didn't want you to come
anyways check out the fit check out the
fit Bam Bam Bam whoo semi fresh hair cut
the fades nice the lineup is a little
bit jagged you know like usual but it's
still swaggy the black pants oh my god
and then the hat to top it off don't do
it don't do it can't can't look at
myself in the mirror how wolfy
alright you don't even think I'm good
looking at it bless yay
Schwimmer's are here I can eat now
give me these dramas ASAP oh my god
hit broke out of the bag guys it broke
out of the bag potatoes forgot I got
potatoes but we start with the shwarma
oh my god chickens warmers guys what a
meal so right now guys I'm doing a test
drive in one of the cars that I'm
considering getting right now bongo is
gonna film me it's really bad weather
outside so if this can like Drive then
we'll see if I get it
alright guys so the what is absolute
 right now but this car is an
absolute beast so it's looking pretty
good right now literally I'm ripping I
feel like I'm above traffic brakes are
good accelerations good everything's
pretty good mercedes-benz is beast is
Road welcome to Canada we are now in the
dealership fungus went to the washroom
we're trying to get the deal down ok
that's what we're trying to do you got a
hustle when you're buying cars guys you
gotta hustle you can't just go with the
price that they say so we're gonna see
how low we can get it some hookups for
your boy Wolfie you know what I mean so
this place isn't even open anymore and
we are fully here just waiting to see if
we how low can you go looking at so
buddy's at home with Wolfie Junior I'm
starving I need food swag still on point
though so guys I haven't made any final
decisions but I'm home right now I'm
going to my dad's immediately to talk to
this guy because I was talking to him
but he was driving home from work so it
was like a kind of talk but he was just
driving so I'm gonna sit down with him
at his house crunch some numbers and see
what is the smartest decision on my
perks I don't want to rush into anything
like I said earlier I drove the car on
probably like one of the worst snowfalls
so far like it's not a crazy snowfall
but the roads were garbage like the
roads were terrible snowy slippery
everything so I'm glad I did it on the
worst condition so now I know what the
car can do under the worst conditions
but I still have to talk about it was my
dad before I make any final decisions so
Silvia Wolfie jr. biting away hey stop
biting my girl bro look at him he's in
his biting mood guys all he does is bite
he nibbles but he actually bites in
claws cuz he doesn't know his strength
stop looking at me and biting Silvia ah
literally like he'll bring a toy over to
you and if you don't throw it and play
with him he'll start biting on you so
we're gonna bring on my parents let them
tire him out maybe come get some more
food bring it stock our kitchen up and
and then figure this car out because I
honestly want to figure this out before
tomorrow because tomorrow I'm gonna
spend the whole day planning New Year's
because we're going the next date I
still don't have an outfit and even
though I'm a guy and like elephants
should be easier I actually know what
outfits for girls are easier just like
dress it's just like dress makeup hats
in heels
and we should know cuz girls can get
into like the spot there they're going
out like any club anything basically
wearing anything cuz they're a girl guys
have to dress up and if they're wearing
a hat that's too big their pants are too
baggy they're wearing boots that don't
match they're wearing running shoes
instead of like classy shoes you don't
get in the club if you're a guy girls
can show up wearing like a friggin
pillowcase on their head and get
in but yeah but yeah it's time to go to
my dad's house hold up I just want to
show you guys something really quick
hold on do you want to see something
cool ah no echo no echo all right two
hours of car talk later and me and
Sylvia are now heading home I completely
forgot to vlog while I was here but just
let it be known that there is some food
but you know what I'll grab I'll grab
some of this 2% milk that was probably
used for one of my videos few days ago
but I'm about to show you guys one of
the best life hacks of of life ah
none of that skim milk drink your 2% we
got buttermilk 1% right there I don't
know why every pasetta Jermaine's
here but now for the real fast food hack
oh ok guys we are in the McDonald's
drive-through I had to do it because you
guys know my boy David parity he taught
me in his life hack this thing changed
my life if you always want fresh french
fries at McDonald's all you got to do is
ask for them with no salt you can solve
them yourself it's a little bit of a
hassle but it guarantees you get fresh
french fries because everytime you go to
McDonald's they salt them up beyond
belief you guys know McDonald's fries
they're good as hell they're amazing to
eat sometimes they're little cold so
want fresh french fries just ask for no
salt on them and I'll show you how to do
it can I get medium fries but can I get
no salt on the fries no salt so now we
got a taste test of the food guys these
are extra crispy they were steaming hot
out of the package but on the drive home
they got a little cold but still nicely
hot fries very crispy not salty but
that's what we got our own salt Ford you
feel me like we don't need the salt when
we got salt at home crinkle some of this
salt on then you made our own DIY
McDonald's fries ending the night off by
playing with wolfy jr. this guy does not
get tired I'll get caught looking ass
but I'm extremely tired
I don't know how frigging puppies do it
cuz I need a puppy anymore you're a
full-grown dog bro stop stop
where's your energy you have too much
energy to do this guy you see that so I
want to end the vlog off there this is
probably
shorter one but I've been very very busy
today so tomorrow I'll make it ten times
more lit I promise so go down smash that
like button if you guys enjoyed the vlog
let's hit twenty five thousand life wolf
am we've been marking that we've been
destroying that every single vlog so I'm
sure we're going to smash it all so if
you made it to the very end of the vlog
I want you to comment down below New
Year's is coming so I know you are an
active wolf famine you made it to the
very end and I will see you guys soon on
more will be where we stay a little bit
more Cyrus in my main channel as always
stay savage let go
