oh good morning what's good it's your
boy wolfy I'm still not fully awake yet
it's too early to be playing around
right now we'll be junior your boy
cannot wake up without a shower guys - I
need to shower ASAP I know a lot of
people shower at night but I am a
morning shower guy so I need the shower
in the morning to be fully restored
can't even open my eyes fully right now
he's probably gonna go piss on the
ground once I hop in the shower and
start crying for me so we take out my
earrings and then pluck my fucking dirty
caveman unibrow right now we're
different we just go I swear they're in
here somewhere and they're okay I'm
bringing stuff but not here so in here
in here here where are the tweezers
should be they're definitely parking
don't do sigh don't you mean sit there
and now they're definitely not here you
stole them
give me tweezers yay
Laura's puzzle if you can't come get me
is he crying whoa tweezers here we go
that's a big one Oh God desserts guys
tweezing is not fun okay I don't
recommend this at home Beauty hurts I
can't okay we got a big one oh fuck that
one hurt you can't it it won't focus but
there's so much hair right there guys
okay this is not a joke this is not a
joke
boom start with the biggest guys doing
this more hairs and there we go only a
few patches of blood later you know
beauty's fucking skin I don't even know
that saying perfection turn this fucking
shit on we take showers not bad I may
seem low maintenance but clearly I'm
high maintenance as fuck so what should
we wear today oh my god we got hoodies
we got T's goddamn honestly the
selection is not looking too bad in my
closet but I think I'm just gonna wear
this I haven't even fucking worn this
since I bought it so and I'll wear I
think I'm gonna wear the long black to
you with it
pants my shit is all over the place guys
we need to put away our laundry so we
got a black top we got green what's
gonna go good with that I don't know I
need a style expert guys we are going to
wear
what the hell are these okay no not
those hell are my beige pants I swear I
have beige fanswer are these um you know
what these are work even though they're
semi-wet these will work
come on oh my god
huh okay good take my socks off one more
yeah I don't need these let's go
rain drops chop-chop
hook it up don't wanna come back fuck it
up Ricky back up
jeez hey dancing in the mirror singing
in the shower let us see that I thought
I liked that Oh Oh pop it up
so this away that's a mama ma de nada
yeah good baby Rita out rats fuck I love
listening to really hard rap music in
the morning in the shower especially it
pumps me up man is the hardest rap man I
mean great rap music is always okay okay
like I was saying hard rock music's
great music deodorant check Calvin Klein
cologne check camera oh my vlogging
cameras there but second camera check
toothbrush up I don't really fuckin do
that and booth cat is that check lip
balm gotta have those silky smooth lips
you feel like love fucking cocoa butter
there we go check brush check there we
go
almost done and the hairline still not
even straight fuck will it ever be
straight gold Jane check a mundo look
sweetie we're pretty much ready to take
on the day let's get it so a lot of you
guys always make comments about how I
get my hair honestly so nice and like so
wavy all the time well it's because I
use my Pico brush 27.5 grade it's just
it's a typical brush I mean it's a
little on the pricey side but it does
the job so it's just ridiculous like how
many of you guys actually want to know
what products I use in my hair cuz I'm
not a beauty guru or anything so it's
just so flattering guys you just need to
just chill and just like just
through these positive comments like
they just honestly make my day like it's
great to just see the positive views we
got hey just give me a straight hairline
bro anyways I gotta brush my hair to get
those ways because there is actually
ways even though some people can't see
them
there's weights first stop of the day
Sylvia's picking up another package she
forgot her designer purse anyways guys
yeah so Lee's picking up a package from
the pharmacy I'm letting her drive today
she has a bunch of stuff she needs to
pick up this girl's always getting
packages in just sent to her she doesn't
even know what she's getting anymore so
there's that um update on her car and
then on my car Bongo called the people
with my tires this morning the guy said
that they should be in tomorrow so I'm
excited about that but I still need to
switch my winter tires off my car and
put the summer ones on so that I can get
my winter tires blacked out at an update
on Sylvia's car as well she called this
morning the mercedes-benz dealership he
said that the deal signed but they
couldn't ship the car out from Montreal
yet because the roads were so bad
yesterday so I guess they're waiting on
a good day to ship it I think tomorrow
they might be shipping it out but even
if she gets it early the car wrap place
is not open until the new year so me and
so we are going to wait until like I
think either next week or the week after
and then we'll have to go back to
Toronto just to get that done separately
so we can't tie that in with the whole
New Year's trip we're gonna do kill two
birds with one stone unfortunately but
that just means we can focus all of our
efforts on New Year's and have the most
lit night of our lives
gonna be lit package number one waiting
at the second spot and I'm fuckin
I gotta bother I thought I was right
exposed I hate when we fight she in love
with the pipe I am right FedEx is closed
FedEx you lost a customer who closes any
day I just don't get why people closed
like like why don't you work today
Brazil right you guys fucking robots
will get a robot that works 24/7 that's
for sure and then I know you won't
fucking flop on me okay we're getting
food and then we had to leave Wolfie
junior at home alone again and this guy
I feel bad every time cuz now he knows
like when we leave him so this guy is
getting smarter
because he's getting older but as soon
as he had like this suspicion that we
were leaving because I put on my jacket
he literally brought up to Silvia and
started like shaking and crying we feel
so bad yeah we feel terrible so we're
gonna get him I found a cage at Costco
that's a huge cage and no the cage isn't
bad now at all but it's a big cage
because he can climb his playpen right
now so he can't leave him in that so we
have a big thing that we put him in we
have a crate that we put him into like
if we leave for like two hours but any
longer than that we take him to my mom's
but there's this one at Costco and it's
like straight bars up that he can't
climb so I'm gonna go check that one out
the one issue that could probably come
with that one is that he could like
squeeze through it because he's so small
I don't think I'll be able to squeeze
through it though we got our other dog
that's gonna be even smaller than yeah
but it's a big one it's really huge dogs
cuz we want to spoil at me so small some
people think they don't need something
but we even for two hours that we leave
my home we want him in something big
with all his toys in it that he just
can't get out of yeah yeah he needs that
I looked online and like I feel like
every pet store has I don't know just a
shitty website just like those dog sites
when we were looking for a dog initially
everything's mad shady everything looks
like it was designed in like 1800s so
you actually have to go into the store
and check what they have but Costco
obviously cost goes up to date so Costco
has one Costco sells like dope
everything so I'm gonna check that one
out after we go their food hopefully
that one works through jr. Ciroc Costco
looking for the dog cage now forgot my
wallet
Silvia spotted me on food but I don't
have my Costco card because it was in my
wallet so forgot leave me hey we would
be getting into Costco if I had it so
now we're gonna see if we can get in
right now I'm making Silvia buy a car
because Yolo I don't have my driver's
license so I can't even show them that
ah fuck
nevermind we're good guys I got my
temporary card she asked me a bunch of
questions I answered them all boom boom
boom right away and now we can shop for
this fuckin cage ok guys so this may be
an absolute flop we just asked an
employee and she said it should be in
the pet section but we can't find it in
the pet section so we're starting to
think that it was just like an online
thing I didn't even check because I was
like oh it's Costco they'll have it what
yeah and so we are literally looking so
he was running around right now we don't
know where it is this Costco membership
like I don't even need this temporary
card it will not buy anything for at
Toys R Us now cuz we thought maybe baby
cages are not baby kings baby walls are
baby pens would be good but I don't know
he can definitely climb under that we're
checking online nothing is sold in in
Canada they're all at the American
stories Costco only sells them online so
this isn't gonna work cuz you can put
his paws in between these little like
holes and you can climb that I wish you
couldn't find that too then this won't
be such an issue but I want them to have
a big space and it actually be able to
work so this is a struggle for sure I
don't know if you guys can see this cage
but this is what I ended up picking up
it is basically hold on let me swipe
over look at that it's tall enough for a
big dog and I don't think well if you
can climb at worst-case we can put
something on top if you want to escape
it but I found out on Amazon so I think
it's gonna do the job Silvia found one
that was pretty good but the problem
with that one is you had to pay extra
for the roof on it extra for like a
separator in between and this one wasn't
even like a quarter of the price so now
I'm gonna go to the music store really
quick because watching as soon as I call
my
you're gonna hear a bunch of echo
because my room is so damn babe you can
hear it oh my god it pisses me off
every time I film in this room I'm like
fuck the echo is crazy so I'm gonna ask
them what to do because we're renting
out this spot we can't drill holes on
the wall and put up any sound boards but
I did see like some DIY video of like
some guy putting these sticky frames on
his wall and then putting like the sound
panels on those to like reduce the echo
in the room so I'm gonna go ask them
about that hopefully they have a
solution so I found some foam that's
supposed to go around you when you're
recording on a microphone but it's not
the square tiles I'm looking for the
guys running in the back right now to go
check them out I'm in the speaker
section just because I'm always looking
for dope speakers with crazy bass that I
don't need but I'm gonna see what they
look like and then if I need them I need
them so these are what they look like
guys I'm gonna buy eight of these little
panels actually not little panels these
are huge ass panels test them out and
then if they don't work bring them back
he said but I'm pretty sure this should
reduce the echo by a bit thought I gotta
fill my room with furniture and I don't
have any furniture to fill it with and I
don't want a carpet in my room like
Sofia but these are very nice just had
to stop by Henry's quick to pick up an
LED light because I'll be using it in my
room in my new setup I'm gonna set up
the sound boards as well the foam panel
I don't fucking know though they're
gonna reduce the echo I also picked up
Silvia a battery because she needed one
for her LED light now I'm with my mom
we're gonna go get my dad and then he is
going to teach us or try and teach us so
my dad dick she does everything how to
put up the sound panel so that the
maximum echo is reduced so we're putting
up the sound panels right now guys this
is what they look like big big big fun
fact I actually got stuck at the store
because I tried bringing them home in my
new car it was too small so that gives
you another hint about the new car and
then Sylvia had to come pick me up at
the store because literally I tried
squishing them all in the car oh let's
forget so he didn't tell me anything the
trunk space didn't work you're not
supposed to bend them too much because I
didn't want to dent them or like rip off
the plastic on the back because if you
do that you can't really return them and
I wanted to test them out but now I
can't return them regardless cuz I tried
squishing them in the car and like I was
saying my vision
literally I couldn't even look to my
right and I couldn't see in the back
mirror so I panicked called Sylvia
called my mom I was like I need someone
to come get me with these friggin sound
boards so Sylvia rescued me will
Jr where she took long because she was
snapchatting making fun of me in the
process right and yeah let's just say
Silvia actually came through she helped
me out and I got home now and now my
parents are setting up for me sighs I
don't know this as a mom can I get that
with everything thanks mom
so there's one two three four five six
seven eight
we're gonna pick up a few more one for
there maybe one for there one up here
one over there honestly I'm probably
gonna get like five or six right now we
also didn't pick up enough stickers to
like put on the backs of each of them
because the guy Michaels was like yeah
you don't need that much I was like brah
I always over buy everything are you
wolf em do you know I over by he's he's
like nah but I'm a pro D and I'm like
God bro
what are you saying he didn't say any of
that but yeah we under bought so now we
have to go back to the store it's 821 as
you guys can see time schedule stop 821
p.m. store closes at 9:00 I am the type
of guy that needs to get stuff done
otherwise I'm anxious so we're going
back quick Wolfie we don't like you
round number two on the panels here we
go guys we got the six pieces of foam
let's get it and there we go we are
officially done the room guys there's
foam on every damn wall boom boom boom
boom down here over here over here over
there over there over there over there
over there over there even down there oh
my god a little bit overkill but
definitely the echo is fully like it's
gone completely oh shit by the way
there's a there's one up there and
there's one on the back of the door too
once you have the door closed the echo
is nicely gone honestly they're not bad
and the Lighting's even nice like I
don't even know how it made the lighting
better but somehow I did I saw my one
light to set up that I just bought from
the store to put right here instead of
this shitty light and I think that's
gonna be about it and I'm just gonna use
the blue Yeti I picked that up the other
day I ordered it online me and Sophia
were sharing but I was like nah need my
own just to have here at all times so
the setup is getting complete day by day
time to eat
watch this my mom and dad came over and
they made spaghetti for you boy because
I was complaining about how I haven't
had a home-cooked meal in a while so I
got spaghetti I'm going to literally eat
all of that like so much food that I
want to eat until I can't move that's my
goal right now because I'm starving I'm
barely eating today so I'm gonna do that
watch Tobias vlog and then set up the
light one meal of food bigger than my
head I gotta take it on guys
first bite let's go a la aloha update
you guys along the way alright guys so
this is the moment of truth you are
ready to see how bright this light can
go so I'm gonna remove my hand in three
seconds and then you let me know by
smashing that like button how far can
break this room is so three two one who
am i singing okay you got me guys I only
have the two lights on I didn't turn on
the LED yet but I'm going to turn it on
and just fucking brace yourself because
it's about to be a light skinned under
oh my god that's almost full under some
light which is pretty pretty brutal it's
deadly it just it's a deadly combo you
don't want to put the lights get under
too much light because to thirst trap
you know what I'm saying okay
okay so here we go it is on the the
bottom setting so I'll just put it on my
face so you can see the difference it's
making and I'm gonna slowly turn the
light out though here bottom now slowly
twisting the knob up up up oh my god
your boy is lit I will never have it on
that bright yeah it hurts so look out
guys it's just showing you what it can
do this light shits on this light shits
on this life if I had like two of these
honestly I might go to the story cop
another just put it right there so I
have even like coming from each side of
my face instead of just shining it
fucking dead center yeah do I do that
and then I'm always gonna look lit check
this out yay and just like that my
parents house I am finishing up right
now I'm just waiting for Dustin exactly
are doing the knife video to this knife
trend is crazy I'm telling you guys but
I'm gonna wrap it up I'm not gonna do
any more knife videos after this but you
guys have really liked the past two
videos so today I'm gonna be doing two
very special things soon as this get
done so to wrap up this thousand-degree
trend this is what we're gonna end off
with boom I couldn't get a real human so
I got a skull aza we have a mannequins
head this is going to be extremely
satisfying to cut I saw it in Michael's
while I was there getting crafts and
supplies for another DIY video yard you
know
DIY God and I had to get this it was on
sale like it was just literally calling
my name I was like yeah wolfy bro come
in a face and I was like okay I'll do
that and then we also got another
surprise which just happens to be the
world's biggest gummy bear literally the
world's biggest gummy bear I've had this
since I got the world's biggest gummy
worm came in the same mail as that it's
been stuck on my fridge for so long
cleaning on my fridge because I'm trying
to put some holies living there and I
will be Aidid out and I was like yeah
okay I'm moving the camera everywhere
shake it hurt
why not taste test it first and then cut
it open after because what else do you
do after you taste that's a giant
fighting gummy bear so let's unbox this
and see how it tastes
ayyy dude that's how you unbox it open
the top and then oh my goodness guys
this is a huge gummy bear here's my hand
and my hands big it's bigger than my
fucking head god damn mister red gummy
bear what are you saying bro how do you
taste ah oh I should probably take a
plastic off okay Wow you can literally
already smell the cherry flavor as soon
as you take the plastic off guys cuz
he's crazy
so we're gonna just remove all the
projects cuz I'm not trying to eat it
you smell the cherry you know smell it
I'm close yeah who's working okay guys
so here's the taste test of the world's
biggest coming there I'll hold it next
to my head alright guys so here's the
taste test of the world's biggest gummy
bear we're just gonna take a bite out of
the year see if I can chew it if it says
gummy as the gummy worm was I'm not
gonna be able to have more than one bite
because I'm gonna be full so oh god it's
so good but it's so chewy the amount of
cherry flavor and this really helped
cherry flavor I also hear me there's so
much gummy mmmm who buys I'm gonna have
diabetes
very delicious takes a little while to
butt-fuck this out oh my god it's hard
there's not in slop guys that is dense
oh but this must be how honey
listen listen to the impact and shook
the table five to ten pounds
realistically ten pounds go ahead rocket
no it's not ten pounds yum think oh ah
maybe five seven pounds okay so guys
definitely 10 no it's ten pounds yeah it
is it feels like 10 pounds whatever
anyways guys so I got this which is
phenomenal by the way I'm not gonna
finish this right now but but if you
guys want to see any attempt to eat the
whole thing hit that like button and
I'll consider it and then yeah I got
this so let's do it so you guys already
know the deal this is the world's
largest gummy bear we're just gonna get
right into it we got the two lighters
right here going back to back no Drizzy
you ready breath all right guys here we
go three two one eight oh my god the
world's largest gummy bear I have to get
through the whole thing come on come on
let so much smoke there's so much smoke
we didn't get through it no no guys
literally glid through this side and
glid through this side like butter oh my
God look at this how satisfying is this
to look at right now yay
sounds like marshmallows for some reason
we merked him but we couldn't get all
the way through
why actually you know what guys a little
more pressure we're getting all the way
through Oh smash to like one fine okay
yep we're not getting all the way
through yeah it's so sticky you can't
even get it out it's like the
marshmallows this is disgusting guys
your sugar oh well this is what it looks
like now world's largest gummy bear all
right P alright guys so as you can see
we got the mannequins head next he's
already nodding yes he's like yeah slice
me open dawg look at this guy we got the
blade you ready bro ah doesn't matter
you getting cutting anyways this is a
finale guy yay line me up yay
here we go guys round two alright guys
here we go
three two
all right P mannequin Y oh my goodness
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
it's literally gliding through his head
I'm gliding through his head like butter
another one another one hold it still
blow the fire and go again yeah I gotta
get a clean cut right here the neck guys
pay attention whoo
oh my god yeah he's dead he's dead guys
fully dead butter and it's still hot we
can still go all right so there we go
cool it off and I'm breathing in poison
that's what fucking run and that
concludes a rap on all of the cutting
that went on today in this house shut it
to the wolf fam House you already know
the DIY kitchen Lionel
come inside it's cold oh yeah exactly
why would you even go inside all right
time to head home see wolfy jr. and
Sylvia here just fell holy fuck trying
to make it look cinematic broke my
camera all right guys so I fully just
cleaned the whole kitchen organized
everything up Sylvia stuff is in a huge
pile over here because I don't know what
to do with her stuff she's even got
stuff over there all my stuff is away
though I'm a clean guy she said she
would clean now she's like I'm too tired
to clean silly what the heck I'm update
on my hand from the video this cut on my
finger is actually starting to hurt as
well guys these videos again challenging
they're injuring your boy they're tired
me oh but I'm not gonna stop okay I'm
gonna keep pushing your boys just
getting started so don't even worry
about it
but yeah I'm exhausted now so I'm gonna
hit the hay I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog if you did go down smash that like
button let's hit 25 thousand likes
Wolfman Wolfie time to hit the lake
we're going work okay they hit the like
button also if you guys went to the very
end of the vlog I want you guys to
comment down below endgame en D gang
just so I know you guys are active as
fuck and you made to the very end of the
vlog and I will see you guys soon on
movie where we say a little bit more
saveurs in my main channel and as always
stay savage let up
