good morning a yo what's good as your
werewolf you welcome back to more wolfy
I'm just about to film a video a huge
huge video in my kitchen but I went
outside I was gonna cut coke bottles
open the other day when I had the hot
night so I put them outside completely
forgot about them and now it's like
super cold but it's not freezing yet
remember in like my old videos instant
water to ice magic checker than I did
instant coke to ice magic trick as soon
as you hit this it should turn into
instant slush so I'll do it for you guys
just because Yolo so 3 2 1
no nevermind guys I hyped it up yeah I
think you have to open it here we go
here we go boom it's what it's literally
slush at the top at least is it it's
gonna get slush on the bottom come on
yep
it's slush on the bottom guys instant
slush coke ice magic trick hold on guys
bring it over the same before at least
open it up let it fizz out who cares cuz
we got slush instant coke to ice magic
trick it's so much better when it's
slushy to just pull Midori over so nice
that's been setting up a stream for our
video and let's get to work so we're at
my mom's house right now I just had to
steal this scraper because the weather
is terrible there's a lot of ice there's
a lot of hail literally you can skate on
the roads hold up the road is just
getting covered with snow right now but
there's so much ice watch this yi yi I'm
flying everywhere but look at this guy's
I tried scraping the front of my car and
this shit broke my scraper I want you
guys to comment down below our IP read
scraper look at that crack the top right
corner of it chipped off when I was
doing the job scraping it off for a
video so now we can actually start the
day it's boxing day which is like
technically like a Black Friday
everything's on sale today
the day after Christmas so we're gonna
see what we can do okay guys scratch the
whole mall situation the malls right
there the parking lot looks like hell
there's so many cars so many lights like
it is ridiculously busy my people must
be shopping for Boxing Day right now
it's a matte black epen looks cool
that's definitely agree um there's a car
in front of me right now and every time
this car moves up it doesn't have at
winter tires on and every time it moves
obvious like swerving and you can hear
it all like I'll leave the vlog on for
two seconds just so you can hear what he
sounds like as he goes up and
accelerates every time I've been dying
laughing behind on like come on bro you
need your widget that there is you need
your winter tires bro so Silvia is gonna
run in the mall grab the necklace I
don't even think I'm gonna get out of
the car cuz if I get out of the car try
and park in that nightmare then I'm
gonna have to go to the very top level
just to get a spot and by that time
Silvia will already be done so I think
what I'm gonna do is pull around the
back so he's gonna run in grab the
necklace I'm gonna pull back around when
she calls me and then we're gonna get
out of here as fast as possible we got
here relatively quick for like how bad
the snow is on the ground but as soon as
we turned off the highway we've been
stuck here for like 40 minutes Oh God
to get out of my car and stretch I feel
so good zuly just ran in to go grab the
necklace and hopefully we can get out of
here I found a parking spot that wasn't
too far from where she entered the mall
so hopefully she's like five minutes
I don't know how busy the story is that
she went into the show them the necklace
what the heck we got the necklace guys
moment of truth
see if it's only cool on yeah the gold
chain is in the building guys we got it
peace out be sure and you try not me I
want to try it see if it's long enough
oh it's cold it's so cold oh my god it's
nice it fits me guys I got a gold chain
ah real gold you already know where this
your boy Wolfie can't go up chains no
tiger another day another blowtorch you
just got to buy one wasn't enough I got
to do two Sylvia's going to the
Starbucks over there to grab us coffee
because we're falling asleep in the car
the roads are so bad guys I've been
slipping and sliding
I need a four-wheel drive car ASAP so I
found the one I'm pretty sure I use last
time but apparently there's a bigger
selection and where the drills were so
I'm gonna grab this and then just in
case go to the drill section Oh welcome
guys this is the new DIY kitchen what it
is I got freaking three sinks in this
one one here one here we'll actually
four actually five six sinks in my
fucking new DIY kitchen this place is
lit okay joking it's fucking Lowe's
kitchen I mean like the housing section
I'm looking at everything but I'm
stressing out cuz thank God my house
came furnished with everything and I
only had to buy a few supplies because
if I had to go sink
thing that's like drawer cupboard
shopping I would stretch but these
people look so happy but it's guys like
what's in the pot uh models for these
type of pictures fucking kill me alright
Jimmy see you have to look in the pot
like you're excited but you have to have
a smile on your face and yeah that's
that's your mortal gig looking at
actually thank God I came here because I
was about to get this one that's a
manual start so you have to like put a
flame up to it to start it but this one
is just a trigger start and this is the
exact when I'm using my last video so
two of these I'm pretty sure yeah I
think that's all I need we're good to go
just a knife now cuz I absolutely fucked
the knife up from the first video two
more knives it ain't no Tang here we
actually you know what I'm gonna get one
of these and then I will get one of
these so we got one cuisine err in one
sabotage a KitchenAid looks nice though
KitchenAid looks nice you know what I
know the cuisine art works so we're
gonna put back this one and we're gonna
grab one of these ones that's good I'm
also gonna get a cutting board for my
parents house because DIY wolfies fucked
it up so bad
Sylvia was smart this is the main reason
I didn't pick up this one last time it
has a metal handle so it'll get super
hot the whole knife so I played myself
and going back with the sabot a but I'm
still getting the cutting board new
liquid glass you already know what it is
we're gonna be cutting open some liquid
glass with that torch and with those
knives that I bought that is gonna be
like the funnest shit ever to cut and
now that I have both torches I can heat
up way more of the knife so I have like
a more wide range of what I can cut once
the gloves are on because the first time
I did it I only have like this much of
the knife to cut because every time I
heated it up I would heat the tip of the
knife that was really thin and then the
base of the knife would get like not as
hot it wouldn't be red-hot and then too
many issues with that so now that I got
two torches I'm one step closer I'm not
gonna get three torches to annihilating
whatever I touch with that blade it's
gonna be hot quick look at these wings
guys that's all I gotta say hot and
honey wings but you also want to get you
want to get barbecue I got wings called
dirty Nelly which is basically barbecue
in medium so perfect amount of spice and
also perfect amount of barbecue sauce
and then I also got honey hot because
you don't want to have too much of one
flavor usually I get too much one flavor
I regret it so I'm switching the flavor
up honey hots my second one cuz I love
my hot you guys know I'm a sriracha God
right David a thank you and
I have that honeydew I want some sweet
but I also want some more barbecue heat
you know so I got my wings we're gonna
eat very very quickly so I can go back
to my parents and film that torch for
Ben okay sure
hey no ketchup no ketchup oh well ah
thank God I got wings so we got a burger
thank you Tom
okay guys so attempt number two at using
these knives to cut through this liquid
glass we have the two torches right here
honestly worst case we'll whip up the
third one which is a lot smaller but it
still works this one's like you know
I'll just put it on there
here we go but before we cut this open I
just wanted to talk to you guys quickly
because I read through some of my
comments on my other vlog about wolfy
jr. a lot of you guys were concerned
with it there was some of you guys that
were like wolf he wasn't even in
critical condition fucking dogs can eat
chocolate all the time they're good blah
blah and all I have to say to that is if
you guys know anything about animals you
know that dogs can't eat chocolate so
there's no point in saying anything
about that because they can't eat chalk
be he was in terrible condition I just
didn't show it on the vlog like Sylvia
called me and this guy was like shaking
he was almost having seizures he threw
up like four or five times already
before they even took him to the vet so
Sylvia called the emergency vet and then
the emergency vet told Sylvia to call
the people having to do with like the
toxins in the chocolate cuz he's not
supposed to eat that she called them
they said bring him to the friggin vet
right away so I didn't explain all of
that but that's kind of what happened
and then I was here the whole time but
Sylvia and my mom went to the vet and
Sylvia was like bawling her eyes out the
whole time obviously I'm not gonna have
that on the vlog either but it was a
serious issue
I didn't friggin freak out because I
knew well he was gonna be fine but again
dogs can't eat chocolate so for all you
guys say god bla bla fucking my dog ate
at fucking whole Snickers bar whole
chocolate bar I don't care like your dog
can eat that and if your dog eats that I
would take him to the hospital if not
then it is what it is but it's a serious
condition so look out for your dogs and
I appreciate all the support that
everyone who actually has a dog okay
everyone's not a vet in the comments so
stop fucking acting like a bad way I
appreciate all the people who just
fucking stuck up for because I was like
you know what I could comment back but
it's not even fucking worth my time I
don't even need to explain myself my
dog's clearly he's better now but he was
in a rough where the fuck did he go hey
ping you just beat him before come on
that's not the time yeah he's back to
home I guess now but yeah he was in a
rough fucking situation the other day so
the first thing I'm going to do guys is
open
liquid glass that I haven't opened in a
while oh shit it turned open we got it
that's what it looks like
clear as hell there's liquid glass all
here but you couldn't see it until I
pushed it down look how clear that is
same with the second container we want
it all again you think there's nothing
no there's liquid glass everywhere so
the liquid glass is there now to heat up
the knives you guys have already seen
this process so I'm just gonna skip to
when the knife is actually burning hot
remember guys safety first this is why I
have these swaggy glasses as opposed to
the ugly glasses I wore last time I also
got my glove to hold the knife the knife
and then some guy who knows more science
than me so am I gonna get injured he's
gonna be blowing the torches so dad
light him up one flame two flames let's
go let's light them up the knife is
getting really really red right now okay
here we go guys three two one go
cut the liquid glass oh my god it's on
fire and we just cut through it like
butter look at this guys look at the
middle is on fire such an easy cut and
it's someone foot it put the fire out
guys let's cut a pizza slice he ate
let's see if we can get it out whoa okay
that smells bad that smells terrible I
don't know what that is but it's white
knife is turning white guys hold on look
at this cut with the liquid glass this
is all I gotta say we cut it clean in
half get that can I touch it
okay that's hot yeah that's hot that's
definitely hot the liquid glass is cut
clean in half it smells weird the knifes
turning white and this is a brand new
knife that was the old knife right there
got a third night just because I know
it's gonna mess up and it's like making
a nice dent making some weird smoke and
it's sinking in the putty orator whoa
that flame was badass but I thought it
would like oh you know I thought I
thought something else a time for some
reason but I'm gonna make it into a ball
now out of just like a pizza shape and
try cutting that okay three two one go
easy oh my god that's gliding and just
like the first time guys it's on fire it
literally lit it up look at that every
time I lift it there's a full game oh my
god what is going on right now this is
so trippy lifted up flame
oh my god it's flaming don't bring that
in guys I don't know what that is next
we're gonna try school glue and then
we're gonna try a deck of cards if we
can do the deck of cards everything's
successful but the school blue would
also look dope all right guys time to
see if we can burn this glue let's hold
it
three two one go e8 Oh smooth like
butter this is butter guys and it's on
fire we're going we're going all the way
all the way oh my god
that's so cool can we go again we got
again and again just cutting the plastic
like nothing guys and we're still going
down how is it still so hot oh my god
Jesus ah okay plastic is poison guys
plastic is poison but that was
definitely the coolest I was so
satisfying put it in the water
pull up whoa now the deck of cards
that's all I want to do alright guys and
here we go on the deck of cards can we
do it I'm cheesed my dad said we
couldn't do it is it burning it's
burning them right away guys it's
literally burning the cards instantly
but can we cut through them no we can't
the paper is too strong what about one
of the cards any of the cards let's lift
it up okay burn the card just burn the
card :
okay this plastic coat okay we're down
here you can't burn through the cards I
guess oh it smells so V I thought you
loved your baby then why'd you leave it
at my parents house I should burn this
because you left you here but I'm good
so I'll bring it back to you
matches Wolfie you know I said earlier
was fucking rinks on the ground guys
these are literal pure ice on the street
right now your ice this is a hockey rink
on the road pray for me I'm driving home
this is dangerous
alright guys so I'm ending the vlog on
this note where I'm literally kicking it
with the cutest animal in the world
Wolfie junior this guy might have a
brother soon if we go to Toronto cuz
we're going to Toronto for New Year's
that's planned out now we have a place
to stay we have a place to go which is
good because usually I don't have plans
for New Year's but in Toronto we're
trying to do some car stuff but we're
also if we have extra time looking for
dogs there is the dog we wanted
initially in Toronto right now available
plus a few more options to look at so me
and so we are thinking about staying
even longer than we initially plan
because I think we were staying for like
the one day afternoon
and then two nights after that so we
might even extend that a little longer
if the car stuff gets in the way and
then if we find a dog that we might like
I don't know nothing is guaranteed but
Toronto for New Year's is guaranteed and
wolfy juniors little brother because he
wants a little brother so bad he needs a
friend is probably sent me guaranteed
but yeah like I said I'm gonna end the
vlog off there I hope you guys enjoyed
if you did go down smash that like
button let's stay positive wolf am you
already know what it is show love and if
you made it to the very end of the vlog
comment down below gold chain because
this gold chain is fucking sexy as hell
gold chain and I will coming back to you
guys and I will see you guys soon on
mobile V where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel except for
last vlog we stayed a little more soft
but usually we stay more sappers in my
main channel and as always stay savage
blackout
