good morning ayo what's gonna cheer
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie I
have to recycle the same shirt as
yesterday because I opened my bag this
morning I smell my white shirt my whole
outfit that I was gonna wear today I was
like yo this kind of smells weird but it
didn't smell bad it just smell weird and
I was like what possibly could be that
smell maybe I spilled telangana maybe
something happen turns out I brought two
Red Bulls yesterday from my house and
one of them fully linked out onto that
that and that so my pants my shirt are
absolutely done you can't wear them
today so I'm gonna have to get them
washed right now so he is so fast asleep
but I gotta start editing so that I can
under our prisons with everyone whoopee
whoopee jr. what save my dogs
hey I don't hate my dog
so stop fighting
down sit down good boy now you do the
same all right the presents are under
the tree we're gonna be opening them in
a few hours we have to wait for my
brother to come home he's not home right
now
so as soon as he gets back we're opening
the prison wolfy still looks good but
his arms are shaved as fuck hey you
literally have skinny bone arms and then
over here this food being made I'm doing
it all I like to do all the work on
frigging um Christmas so basically guys
we're doing the turkey and we're also
making some Jamaican food these things
are just called plantains but they just
look like bananas
this stuff this is know me Manny Manny
I'm gonna use that stuff okay we're
great okay yeah you don't need to cook
that I never end up using that anyways
thankfully we have a clear roofie in the
house can i our cooking efforts make 40
in the building are you making in my
area
right now the stuffing no I'm not making
something I'm trying to something music
are you making I'm going to spatchcock
the turkey instead of baking the turkey
spatchcock spatchcock there's a key in a
roasting pan
but that's problems I'm going to cut the
backboard out of Turkey I'm gonna put
the turkey flat on a on a roasting pan
on a bed of vegetables roasted that link
so it's still roasting it yes a
different way it's supposed to make the
turkey way affect more flavor we
moisture more flavor you come over here
and pull out the rest of the feathers oh
my god why their feathers in our turkey
here just no no I can do this I could do
this you taking this a lot of me to get
your stove of course I'm used to this
okay you can't touch it and then touch
anything else cuz you gotta wash your
hands there you go here's the neck this
is for you
oh my god you need soap on your hands
now go put it over here on this side
yeah let me get my turkey on everything
all these clean dishes don't know round
number one food guys major key to
success guys all right Toni Ronis them
these are called dumplings Oh cries they
were teams are making a date as it a pop
pop that don't fling on we all see I
don't know mom's mom say it mom said
Jamaican to him no just say it okay what
she meant to say was we are try what's
this mixture hockey odds are with
potatoes okay
no this potatoes this is hockey do not
chaos I could be some time like right
this UN's place with a Cao Lu and it's
perfect here Charles try this Jamaican
mush tell them to look at they're gonna
eat us guys
I'm lazy I'm busy liking all my active
tweets right now we're liking all the
tweets guys I will
follow me check it out Vince Brodie I
see you hit that like button with that
like button
what do you mean this guy says I'm lying
about spamming everyone well then why
did I like your tweet then bro why mom
you tell them my mom wants me to try
some Jamaican food you guys I can't even
fucking eat any food I'm really picky
nice crumb you never had this shit
although it supposed to taste good I'm
gonna be honest it looks like puke
doesn't matter this stuff okay I don't
mind as much because I can see it it's
greens what else is in it Aki no the
greens kale and what yeah exactly
I don't eat tomatoes well yeah oh my god
what the texture don't it's all the
texture I can't look at it
it tastes like pure juice it shit I told
you we can't eat that
virtual food this one mix them together
a little ah thank you and mix it
together a little bit don't mix it too
much gorgeous
Gerry take a little it's definitely okay
oh you did a few shove it in my mouth
like an airplane how do you do it
and then you have to take a bite here
comes my plane nothing new here here coz
there's some please that's easy tit oh
my god you're exactly ahh people like
this guy you really love it oh where are
you where I want to leave you very well
you can't even eat yogurt really does it
taste like fish mixes guck take your
pieces of dumpling just you eat the
dumpling I really think you've acted
this way when he's I'm done as DIY stuff
where everyone is a quiet
we got it down
thanks Mandy okay zero out of ten shit
this is good though how do you feel
about that Jason's like I just swallowed
me a spoonful of salt oh hey as it just
because you asked me a question I don't
care your akio selfish thumbs up thumbs
down ah no can you say it in that
English accent if you by yourself oh you
guys like the square root of nine and
five is Aki I'm selfish I can't get the
texture so I'm gonna keep house but we
have Jamaican patties got something I
like guys Ryan just texted me Merry
Christmas and he sent me a picture of
this day it was inspired by my house
this austere blender but we only use a
Blendtec so I don't know what though for
this austere blender is two turkeys
going in guys it's not Rory's room and
what's on the top the garlic minced
garlic minced garlic yes you sure yes
not even that let's burn to me cooking
cooking complete now guys this is what
it's called when there's no presents for
Christmas we weren't supposed to get any
presents they were supposed to be like
one for each person this Christmas but
there's a lot wolfy
that's your goofy dog toy stocking
whoopee well if he's got the first
presence of the night guys
of the day you like them all right well
if he's over it me and Sylvia are both
vlogging but we just threw up Michael
bublé's but Michael bublé's playlist
Christmas which is Barack onion juice
today is that yours
all right fine Jesus all right no
inappropriate things on camera guys I'm
vlogging here so let's outside keep it a
PG Christmas for me is slightly
different I don't know who's no need
it's going to give I don't ever meet
y'all so good at the same time open up
same time ready okay open it three
hey wait there's something else
did you already drink for this the test
free drink get me the bomb bomb
watermelon and this is over me way down
have you guys like you said this also
trade me what you got which is looking
for like a very fancy jump like that's a
grim a mermaid can shoddy opening all
mine last base someone can take them
right now my dad loves those forty
percent you have five of those a day I
saw you eat one and then you had it won
the next like you're a chain obstacle
guy pretty sure they're like another
family
oh yeah they tasted French what's that
it's a wind power Oh what the wind color
yes so when you ride your motorcycle
your neck stays nice I know I was there
once you bought it wait you gave me away
I'm supposed to guess you activate super
Sam your neck neck will get pull your
trainer
yeah there's way too many cat toys nice
not bad
you like it swaggy look at that it's
almost like a robot little bit right now
you like it alright who's next
shake it I love it I'm the best Jackson
got a present from Jackson Oh - Titus
love Jackson this one no you want to sit
down with the cats
I'm Christmas season Christmas spirit
behave don't be hey welcome to Ottawa
backwards okay so hey we're charlie test
Dustin sylveon toys to share what the
hell
that's for mom just by the way she said
let's see
so that's can open it on our behalf here
I'll put one arm sure what 24 what is
that
I think that's jumping to a conclusion
yeah this is a scuba day
mom what is this why would you give me a
lifeguard snorkeling kit I'm actually
busy usually back do you buy that your
sneak is that a prank it's just a prank
gosu is that not hey I didn't know who
my secret santa was top man pleasure bye
everybody
sweater one Santa Claus Dustin buy
everyone everything do you think you are
these would be good you could like
infuse vodka yeah they taste like
they're my name if you put them with
alcohol it isn't pink lemonade wolfy
this is not your present let cheese
again what in a rock fight one day I'm
afraid that you literally had it I did
that so far right your cheese pesto on
crayon in my I know you like that cheese
what's that special cheese it's right
clap you melted down on like really much
expensive cheesy yeah sandwiches family
time and you got what yes and your nibs
but that loves it yeah I couldn't wait
Jesus mama yeah you did you wrap it or
what inserts right sir yeah oh yeah
Dustin's good boy Christmas / birthday
oh geez happy birthday Merry Christmas
what are you on Christmas not be
oh my god you guys are fucking snakes
well that's things I love what is that
the jacket I wanted Jesus who actually
bought this you know I walked by this or
I was like I wonder if they bought it
and they were still there you know how
long it took me to get back home because
I went to talk shot down with top man
okay ask the guy and he's like acting
like you're talking but I said the guy
Dustin you works here you don't know me
that it stopped exposed
no one knows huh I said there is there
any other place it could be those go
upstairs
it's a Calvin Klein jacket this thing is
dope Calvin Klein oh fuck yeah try it on
rich mate so well shit perfect good look
at this piece of shit here you need to
throw that in the garbage a snap ripped
and Titus gets something else
Jesus double unboxing number one our dog
special unbox therapy here
but if they don't you can take the bar
yeah yeah yeah what are those pants hey
Mike
those are comfy as far as oh look nice
Wow
and dad got workout shoes waiting
Olympic weightlifting she oh my god now
I have no excuses girl thank you I gotta
somebody spent whoever special angle
you're secretly telling her things away
geez mom she's not so secretly - where's
your belt Emily Sara Jekyll's Hey holy
shit
legit face stocking up a exact got pants
to be like perfume dancing pants
what's that Titus chocolates hey that's
a lot of fucking chocolates a lot of
chocolate the Bose headphones is that
the Uncharted edition of ps4 what am I
gonna do you don't have a Playstation oh
shit the Uncharted edition bag game is
lit as hell yeah that's a really we all
play that so good - Tess loves Santa
Chris Santa Chris looks like he doesn't
look like zombies and resolute confused
you have to go on longer wear underwear
Jesus Chris how you my gosh it oh my god
oh hey I can't show this on the vlog
guys I can't okay guys it's time for the
wolfy gifts here they are I wrapped them
in all shapes and sizes let's do uh
Dustin I'll start from right to left
rope this me my ratings ass my writings
terrible Texas we picked Oh cartoon
right yeah oh my god
I'm down with winter now look at these
this guy got a coat and boots see the
thing is I know how much these cost
this is the these are for sure the most
expensive boots I've ever owned like
as over shit Merry Christmas this one
says it's to Rory you have no idea what
is that open it up oh shit that's goose
literally perfect size to cue from
w-what do you think that is I don't know
what yeah you got pranked great bro it's
under it to cue I know how much you want
to see Titus all the time I figured what
better presents again get you this is
some money to book a flight even though
I don't show it I love you very much
crying now Merry Christmas
hey don't worry about that hit he has
three different it's complete was so big
Oh what's a motorcycle crap I will just
go cheap Jack look fuck not a chance
Merry Christmas thank you there's some
things in the Supreme there's something
small shit no ways I knew it
okay what's beside it Oh diamond
earrings you go got me fucking diamond
earrings really nice pretty long go
designer handle wrist or hand eggs it
still looks a little fifty but that's
cause we want to do I like it yeah throw
your old one out ASAP please
then one last one to mom and dad you
should shake that one huh see what
happens
what do you think it is you don't know
rice
it actually is open right thank you for
anything you do ma'am
why me not Schumann ever and I'm very
much I want to get back use this money
to go on vacation we've always bought it
you both work you go
Merry Christmas you need to go on
vacation now I was going to get more but
mom's like oh we won't use it we won't
use this I was like fuck go on vacation
hi Christmas unwrapping done this is a
prank I know it doesn't gonna prank is
my own shit surprises not as big as it
actually seems it's just a wall rap
that's not here I make this fucking guy
thank god that's not the bottom what
that's not the fun then what's the
money's in if you got got you a blanket
something's in it oh I got you toaster
bro bro there's a note inside up in the
chest by your door but that doesn't fit
I have it back up but is it XL thank you
yeah holy shit I appreciate it Besant
just got me a hoodie I'm gonna put on
and a long T I told you guys I would
unbox this today I'll open these and try
these goggles out or whatever their car
I don't even know what they are this is
definitely not in English so the
instructions are useless to me but their
goggles is this German they are goggles
that flip your vision 180 degrees so I'm
gonna unbox them and then try them oh
wait
they look like pilot goggles for all my
German viewers I need your help comment
down below what all of this says and I
mean all of it okay guys so I just put
the goggles on we put the prisms in them
my vision is not just upside down it is
upside down
Dustin's face is there fully there like
my vision is just more than fucked
outside I see like 6 different things
right now and Dustin's like in my face
with the camera holy shit my hands are
floating above me now my hands are up
here I would do better I just closed my
eyes with these things on I swear
they're messing my vision
so upside down do you why are you
floating over my head I see your feet
and your head why they have two
different dimensions worried enough
worried yeah
what's this cord you my god this has the
easy cord this is so dangerous oh my god
the kitchen lights are up here they are
up there double that down they're
floating from the ground
my arms are floating on the top half of
my screen and Zack there's nothing in
front of your screen Reds up here oh I
see him yeah flippy okay yeah I can see
him now
thank you berries you oh yeah you're
right here oh we're fucked up who fucked
up who's burning the potatoes DIY potato
sign I know how to do that lift them up
and we're going to strain out all of the
typical starch
yeah we're bringing up you don't have to
connect okay you're about to bless
Charlie Christian just wandering no I'm
just trying to see if I can walk okay
guys now I'm gonna try with one upside
down so that one vision is I think
regular and then the other ones upside
down and this is probably the feel
really weird it's so backward it feels
like I'm flying guys I literally feel
like I'm in the air flying right now and
this is trippy as hell so guys look so
weird
can you see them yeah guys I feel like
I'm flying right now I feel like I'm
floating this is trippy as hell Silvia's
heads up here dad is somewhere around
like gone I'm getting anything if you
guys try these glasses oh you're gonna
you're gonna go blind I don't recommend
this to be honest what if in German the
instructions are like wear them for like
a limit of five minutes
behind them so the food is just about
ready to turkeys out the mashed potatoes
is stuffing a bunch of other dessert and
everything over here but I'm going to
end the vlog off there because I'm going
to spend time with my family I think
we're watching a movie gonna eat dinner
but I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if
you did do not forget to go smash that
like button let's hit 25 thousand likes
on this vlog give back to your family I
hope you guys had a good holidays if you
don't celebrate Christmas Happy Holidays
if you do celebrate Christmas Merry
Christmas comment down below
happy holidays just spread the love like
we did in my vlog like two days ago and
I will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
in my main channel and as always stay
savage Lego
