good morning ay yo what's get at you boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy if you
guys are like no wolfy what are you
doing bro this is your old house this is
your old room it's way more organized
than when you left it bro like why are
you here well I'll tell you why I'm here
I slept over here last night because I
wanted to get up early and I fucking
struggle waking up early because the
results are in about wolfy jr. today
last night I kind of ended the vlog
pretty abruptly so we're going to like
the emergency vet in 10 or 20 minutes
and we're gonna see if wolfies ok I'm
pretty sure he's ok but I still don't
know 100% what the fuck's going on I
want that last name to go check up on
him and he seemed pretty fun so like I
said stay positive and let's see how the
guys doing if he says savages me and he
should be doing fine even though he's a
little guy he's so fucking king savage
so this is the place we had to take him
yesterday guys emergency referral this
was not no joke
dogs eating chocolate is serious I think
the dogs literally gonna be tired all
fucking day this guy definitely did not
have a good sleep last night he hates my
sleeping with us but like not at home
Skye was probably going off now it's
just a waiting game until a wolf he
comes over I'm still just as tired of
this guy so he's like why are you making
so much noise
at least the vets in a Christmas spirit
they got a Christmas tree just like us
mine's lit definitely a little better
though just don't tell him that mine's
10 times better for sure
guys Wolfie juniors back and he is good
to go he was fine and they took him out
and then everything was fine and then we
took him outside and his guy's arm just
started like rapidly bleeding so they
had to put this little bandage on him
yeah
it's cuz they took the IV out and I
guess they just took it out so some
blood started coming out but he's good
he has a little band-aid now he has an
extra one he licked his blood so there's
blood all over my hands and all over him
but he's good now gonna take him home
and just he's probably smoking in a nap
the whole day he's resting inside his
favorite jacket the goose cuz it's extra
warm though guys the only positive that
came out of bringing Wolfie jr. to the
vet there was no positive hey anyways he
still has blood on his face but the vet
actually ended up owing us money usually
it costs like thousands of dollars to
get your fuckin pet saved I mean
technically they're saving his life
we're not keeping overnight stop what do
you mean what's your Maddock I
the emergency they're saving his life
anyways you got to pay for that but
usually it's like thousands of dollars
but they actually owed us money back so
now he's literally really tired look at
him his arm is still messed up but he is
good guys he's good I'll keep updating
you every day on how he's doing but he
should be like back to normal by
tomorrow he's already really hyper right
now but I got to film the rest of my
video here and Wolfie jr. is probably
just gonna nap the whole day everybody's
gonna fix oh no he can't freak out no
freaking out
this one shaved too you can see he has a
little poke in it okay that's why they
gave him a needle whoopee
hey he's finally getting tired so we can
put him to sleep it literally just took
him like an hour to calm down but
everything is good right now he's
actually acting normal Wolfie he's like
just let me sleep okay
whoopee I love you buddy anyways I'm
gonna put him and cuddle him up beside
Sylvia guys Wolfie jr. is now cuddled up
beside Sylvia literally couldn't be
warmer he's happy happy jr. not have to
sit with him whoopee I have to sit with
him well Sylvia goes pee because we
don't we don't want him to move at all
let's see if I can sneak in the second
someone leaves and he wakes up alright
he's waking up I'm sliding in oh yeah
thanks and warm buddy
mission complete so my cameraman aka my
mom is still not home yet and she has to
film the rest of my video for me because
Sylvia's editing but I wanted to show
you guys something quick this is what we
call packing snow it's snow but as you
guys can see it's like wet snow so like
you can mold your hand into it this is
the only fun snow I don't really like
the powdered snow because you can't
really do much with it
but this stuff comes out when it's like
not too cold like right now I'm just in
a shirt and a flannel I'm on my scarce
right now anyways guys with this type of
snow you can easily mold it into a
snowball so look at this if I hold it
and just go like this put my camera
there hopefully it doesn't break look at
this couple squeezes and you make it
into the perfect snowball as you guys
can see this is a tight tight snowball
right here Oh cold cold anyways you can
throw this so say I want to hit the
fence down there my backyard I just give
it a nice little lob bounced off the
fucking cow fence
didn't even hit the wall okay one more
in this shit hurts when you hit somebody
with it like look at this oh that one
broke up I need to get tighter ball Lika
ball here I like
say is you don't want to get hit by a
wolfy throw because you'll just eat your
boy get murked maybe I can smoke my
parents when they come home because
they're gonna be home soon I'll get a
few balls ready and attack them once no
well three four snowballs
it's actually cold yay yay yeah come on
to the car buddy come on fucker did hate
me I have nowhere snowball I definitely
have two more okay okay okay I got him
make myself useful
okay guys they brought groceries home I
got a HelpOut can't feel my hands
because I was just building the
snowballs chill Wolfie relax
so guys right now we're just looking up
dogs that we're gonna get oh thank you
for getting Wolfie junior-brother or
maybe a sister so we're looking on the
big screen on like different types of
dogs you're gonna get a mic girl or no
lures it Tomsky we're gonna get a palm
ski and then then we saw the fully grown
ones get too big I don't want a huge one
I would rather just a husky boy hood lip
because I feel like I'm gonna be living
in apartments for a while so I need
small dogs that can actually live in
apartments with me well he's working out
with my mom oh look look he's lifting
heavy weights right now Sophia's editing
he's what I need you to take him I'm
about to start editing my video but I'm
literally just procrastinating just took
a nap with fuckin Wolfie we're chillin
axe and axe and links maxing so guys I
just thought of a video idea and I want
to go get the supplies for right now
before Walmart closes I know on
Christmas Eve our stores closed on
Christmas - all right we're stores are
closed they're supposed to be closed
right now cuz you're supposed to spend
time with your family but I want to get
video supplies quickly so I'm about to
call them and then put the line I want
to say you know the language like y'all
niggas hiring I just want to say y'all
niggas open cuz maybe they're open
I'm calling Walmart thank you for
choosing your Walmart if you are calling
from a touch-tone phone you may choose
one of the following options
four hours of operation please press 1
now run 3 now I don't get to a person
please hold while we transfer your call
gangster Wolfie in 3 2 1
alright thank you I hope you are yawning
is open I will open coffee all right iku
hey did it this is why we came to
Walmart guys I'm about to go off what's
you know about heavy duty yay we don't
discriminate we gotta get some 102 so
yeah
25 feet okay three shutouts wendigo Ryan
I got a cake green value cuz you know
save your money
I think we got enough
now we gotta know the amount of
last-minute shoppers in Walmart is
ridiculous right now they closed in one
hour I thought they closed when people
are telling me to close at five but they
closed at 8:00 and there's people
rummaging around with like carts and
carts of shit kind of get the last
second presence in so they're gonna be
up all night Oh turn off they're gonna
be up all night wrapping presents
luckily I thought in advance and I got
it done you got to think in advance
people guys we just watched this
Christmas and they were dancing so I put
on some she loves me go put on dancing
dancing you're about to be an internet
meme all right mom all right yeah hit
them folks mom mom hit them folks gaben
hit them folks come on quick turn it off
one rather watch a worldstar okay fine
Compton no done I'm gonna put on one
more and you have to do the damn said
she loves you too I'm just being guys
this is Dogon no no no no no mom mom
please do it
just do one come on you did you draw
that me I don't need nobody's gonna mom
hit it hit it
okay Sofia hit it hey Dad hit it please
for Mom let's see if you got a beat no
shit so today's been a bit of a hectic
day right now I'm back at our house
we're picking up a few things to bring
to my parents house in the morning
because we're having Christmas there we
thought why not just stay over for a
second night in a row I just got out of
the shower I need to fucking pluck my
eyebrows a bit my eyebrows are getting
like cave Annie I look like a freaking
ape right now and no it's not because of
my damn nose but anyways I told you guys
I would open this in today's vlog but I
don't really have too much time for the
rest of the day I got to edit that I'm
not sitting in my house editing on
Christmas Day that's the last thing I
want to do so I got this I'll use it for
tomorrow's vlog 100% hopefully I don't
need too many batteries for this if so
I'll just fucking find a store that's
open the dogs presents are here and the
cats presents are here Sylvia bottom
some presents hopefully they like those
don't worry I will be
fully vlogging the whole process of my
family getting the gifts that I got them
opening them all that stuff so Garrity
for that that's going to be exciting
Sylvia is gonna be blogging to
everyone's vlogging tomorrow Christmas
Day Christmas fun I don't really know
what the day has in store for the rest
of the day after we open the presents
but I guess we'll just see I live last
second everything like I don't plan
anything I know nothing's open that's
the only buzzkill about Christmas some
restaurants and I think the movie
theater is still open but other than
that like the main stores are closed so
we're gonna have to figure out something
to do as a family after the whole Wolfie
jr. incident pretty much all the
chocolate in the house is gone but I
love these cookies and cream friggin
Hershey's Kisses the other day when
we're at the car dealership a financial
girl that Sylvia was talking to about
buying the car at least in the car
whatever she had these on her table and
I know they're mainly there for show but
I ate almost all of them and I was
craving them hard so I had to pick up
some of my own shout out to the girl if
you're watching this vlog I forget your
name but you were cool you know our name
Holly Holly shout-out to you Holly you
should definitely give me a free
Mercedes if you're watching this vlog
alright but alright guys so I just got
back to my parents house I'm gonna end
my blog in my iconic closet this is
where I started all the pranks this is
where the most lip pranks work if you
know this window you know there's a
bunch of shit down here I know it's
changed up but if you guys enjoyed the
vlog make sure to go down and smash that
thumbs up button Merry Christmas Happy
Holidays to everyone at home watching I
hope you guys have the fucking best day
of your life hope you get every person
you want if you made it to the very end
of the vlog I want everyone to comment
down below Happy Holidays that's it
Happy Holidays pretty simple and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
