good morning ay yo what's good attaboy
wolfy well come back to more wolfy we
are that much closer to Christmas it is
Christmas Eve Eve as I'm filming this
vlog right now two days before Christmas
so what do I got to do the first thing I
have to have to bring everybody their
presents and I wrap for them nicely
yesterday got all of them right here
gonna put them in my car bring them to
my mom's house put them under the tree
because I don't think we're doing
Christmas at this I was even though he
set up a nice tree here we're doing it
on my parents house Christmas morning so
gotta get those presents there ASAP we
have a lot of stuff to do today as well
but I hope everyone watching this vlog
right now is having an amazing day guys
smile that's what we got to do bushes
are hard times ignore the haters fuck
the haters they're whack and stay
positive about life it's all about love
it's all about family it's all about
savageness savage this is the most
important though watch out Santa Claus
needs to deliver the presents put them
down here this is me I'll put this one
right here right over here making the
tree look nice and full right there
another present on top of these ones in
the last present on top of this there we
go guys now we actually have some crisp
presents under the tree like I said
we're not doing anything except for like
little secret santa so this is basically
everything this year just clear I felt
like a fox eager Santa omelet Wolfie
Santa presents are delivered now we can
get on with her day all right bye mom we
have a hundred thousand things to do
Ryan I think I found you a good
Christmas present bro $20 bone on sale
for $5 bigger than Sylvia's head that
way table
anyways guys the returning yeah they
don't fit what we do here we give them I
thought you had them alright guys gotta
go get the boots from the car because we
don't have boots to return can't return
something you don't have I'm cheese
Sophia had one job I told her this
morning I brought all the presents this
girl carried the boots and she didn't
bring the boots in Petsmart return first
thing out of the way now we can move on
with the rest of our date I don't know
about you guys but finishing things like
on your to-do list makes me so happy
because I get less stressed each and
each thing I do I don't know where we're
going next I think we're going to the
mall to buy some more Christmas presents
I fucking bought too many first off of
the day is Nordstrom again we're in
Nordstrom not buy my mom another purse
even though I should because the time we
came here she didn't really know what
she wanted I'm just trying on makeup
right now with my makeup mirror here
holy shit that's close to my face
and Sylvia's buying some makeup products
literally I think today the whole trip
is for Sylvia I don't really have to buy
too much if I find something spontaneous
like I'll cop it like I might take a
makeup brush or some shit I might might
steal this for DIY fair I will thanks
and then yeah that's it that's it we're
doing today because Sylvia takes forever
to pay for things I'm going to see if I
can go up the escalator and come down
the escalator in the same time it takes
before communities bye chief what's good
bro we met you met the boys we met the
boys no clue but you got to show love in
your own city chatot all my Ottawa
supporters all my Ottawa viewers mad
love we're going out then we got to go
all the way around and then come back
down I guarantee you silly is still not
going to be ready but we'll see
time lapse go
halfway
still not ready and we're back
downstairs guys we are fully back
downstairs Sylvia is still paying for
products not ready any load time okay
next floor as well so Sylvia is going
into step 4 right now I'm just gonna
chill with every every guy that's
waiting for their girlfriend does like a
wall the guys behind me right now he's
gay bro are you saying go no oh
squatter's late holy shit holy shit shit
the guys are all on the blog as a
blogger you know
guys this is the spot where I'm about to
get my fucking dope salad I need to
start eating more healthy I've been
eating like fat lately diet wolfy has
been there but like it could have been
better so I'm about to go get like a
chicken Caesar salad extra chicken extra
lettuce like I'm going all off right now
and this is probably gonna be like my
one meal of the day
I don't even need too much meals but I
will show you what it looks like when
they make it it's fucking dope they got
every single sort of topping you could
ever want for your salad guys oh yeah
grab a bag and my salad is right there I
got a bread stick with it oh fuck I'm
ready to makan you're on the blog now
yeah yeah getting rid of salad gay guys
I didn't help my game with the other
salad place he has only shown you when I
would oh nice okay
go subscribe Oh times reduction ok
subscribe to Oh time production sorry
about that anyways guys call mom
yeah what are you doing I'm just about
to go out do a few things wash it
can someone film for me at home ah
perhaps maybe Cass can you I'm going out
to get you things what are you getting
what do we know the turkey yet knows
house I got to do that give me an hour
and a half I can do okay I can give you
20 minutes I don't know Sarah we got 10
minutes 10 minutes left
all right you get 5 minutes bye she hung
up on me so we're back at the house now
guys a bunch of Christmas shopping later
I honestly I didn't get anything today I
guess I bought everything I needed to
buy already but silly I had to pick up a
few things I'm now just gonna eat my
nice fucking salad with my breadstick it
looks phenomenal and then I'm going back
to my mom's house to film that DIY
kitchen is way better than this DIY
kitchen I'm not even doing a DIY but I
have a series going in that kitchen and
I want to bang out this video in that
kitchen as well so I'm gonna go there
and you know I kind of want to see the
cat so they came and Pat I swear I'm
allergic to cats how would I live so
long with them team dog doc she's
calling back yeah and your sisters just
in love baking something so you're have
to wait a little bit okay I can wait 10
minutes you know what's not long enough
Charles I have to go do what I have to
do in the night to come back she has to
finish what she's doing that she's gonna
be done an hour an hour okay one hour
she didn't say bye all right quick stop
at farm boy we're picking up the turkey
for Christmas my mom hasn't bought it
yet and Christmas is like two days away
but before I film my video we're gonna
pick up some groceries quickly and then
I think I'm gonna go get I don't know if
you guys have seen that friggin thousand
degree knife versus like different
objects basically it cuts things open
the most satisfying video I've ever seen
in my fucking life so I'm gonna go pick
up a knife and a torch and try it out
myself
here are the turkeys my mom said they're
the best here
they seem like every other grocery store
to be honest this little ones out there
249 for a turkey but they're like 40
bucks each minimum but that's per pound
and they weigh like pounds on pounds on
pounds my mom sent me to find cranberry
sauce but all I can find is this
cranberry merlot wine jelly I'm not sure
if this is what my mom wanted but
there's cranberries in it so this is
like laughs case scenario you sent me
here is literally 60 people waiting for
cranberry sauce
cranberry jelly its cranberry sauce guys
and you're buying stuff for your parents
just it's the thought that counts just
try even if it's not the right thing
doesn't matter the thought that counts
right Paul there other cranberry sauce
will survive without it
I don't even like every spot the amount
of tools and supplies I'm looking at
right now guys everything every saw you
could want they have it here they got
these little saws that you cut wood with
we are looking for the torch right now
mainly my dad's looking I've no idea
what I'm doing right now I'm making it
look like I'm looking just to say that
I'm looking but I'm not actually looking
I'm just waiting for my dad to come up
with an answer
I keep getting fooled by these drills
because these drills are kind of in the
shape of the lighter that I want put the
torch chop it later and I can't find the
lighter but I found a boat oh I'll give
this to Sylvia so my dad found some
torches right over here we finally found
him after searching for half an hour
throughout the store this one's not bad
it doesn't look like the one that I saw
so I know I know all the butane is
pretty similar for the propane whatever
outing it fucking know where I'm at
anymore this is a micro torch I think
this is the one he picked up though and
it comes with everything so this is a
manual start so you have to light a
flame and then the flame will light up
the torch he told us to come down this
out because there's more options and now
look at its nice like oh no wrong aisle
what where'd you get that
this guy is finding them out of nowhere
who's man guys check out this nerf gun I
just found a Canadian Tire while
shopping for a knife it's literally 60
bucks half-price on sale from like 130
bucks so I have to buy this right now I
don't even own a nerf gun I'm not gonna
shoot anyone except for maybe wolfy jr.
with it but when you see a nerf gun this
big you got to get it and my dad's
running away now all that shopping for
themselves I knew this would happen you
come into a kitchen store with your
parents and they shop for themselves
we're looking for knives buddy oh you
found them before me I'm sure oh that's
what I like to see the most expensive
knives that might be it how much is that
one 15 will it burn borge deal problems
and a super high carbon stainless steel
blade for precision an active scene I
don't need a knife set just need like a
silver knife there's too many options
guys right now I just want to buy my
nerf gun and hey so apparently you're
about to watch something really cool
guys are watching a vibration speaker at
tire I'm gonna see how it works are you
go ahead this is what it looks like guys
problem it's it's a pretty small speaker
very loud that little speaker so y'all
oh my god that's so you'll feel a little
yeah and then whatever says like this
Oh Oh these are one of the five video on
this you can make anything a speaker
when you put it in that and it makes it
figure this out yeah car or boat
boy how much but something like this for
camping parks those things turn anything
into a speaker hit that like button if I
should get these speakers right now
honestly this is really cool
guys check this out what came in the
mail today I ordered this online a few
weeks ago it finally came in today I'm
excited as hell
also check this out we got a plan boys
and girls so the knife things ready to
go I'm gonna be doing that after I told
my main channel video but look what came
to me I gotta show you that Oh too many
packing peanuts why is it so exact penis
whoo you guys know how I always order my
weird gadgets my weird inventions well
look what I just ordered guys this looks
like bubbles from trifa perk boys but I
got this thing it's called die
um curb brill probably pronounced that
really poorly but basically they're
goggles that you put on and they flip
your vision upside down so like
everything I see is flipped 180 degrees
upside down not 360 because that's like
the same 180 degrees upside down so
basically I don't know how to put this
together but I'm gonna do that in
tomorrow's vlog I'm not gonna do that
today because I got a fucking got to
spread out the awesomeness okay only the
burning today but I just wanted to
update you guys because this did come in
the mail finally something for me and
not for Sylvia but now I'm pretty much
ready I just digested my food for like
15 minutes watch some YouTube videos I'm
good to go I'm energized let's film this
me Channel video okay guys so it's
officially time to do some fucking
burning with a hot knife to the intense
music whoa we got the welding gloves
welding gloves because if you don't wear
these you're gonna burn your hands we
got the torch the giant torch okay guys
is not a joke you can see the torch is
not a joke we got tonight this is a five
oh two three nine Grisi and art night
we didn't get the expensive knife
because my parents were friggin cheap
they're like I don't get that and then
we got a bunch of objects to cut
chocolate pineapple because why I'm
fucking done more chocolate avocado
because why not and maybe just maybe if
you guys hit that like button right now
my old iPhone 7s plus definitely what it
is what's this water for if it goes
wrong
water for safety so let's pour this shit
out now we'll keep the water we
definitely need that water yeah we have
everything we need high protection and
some case on each other's blade shatters
so it's getting hot guys this is
dangerous this is what's been going
viral on YouTube so you know your boys
got to keep up with these trends and
this looks so satisfying so maybe if you
guys are lucky I might even cut open my
fucking iPhone 7 plus so it is what it
is we could test it out I do it for the
viewers I do for the wolf in whatever
you guys want maybe I'll even put the
blade up to my pad okay I can't wait to
put cat KITT do to recap okay guys so
you guys take safety precautions I got
my glasses on just Ravens are my dad I
don't have any safety goggles here I
also got my gloves they're definitely
too small for me my dad has his military
gear have you ID like your gear okay
light it up let's get it there's nothing
to wait on you can you can hold it and
I'll hold the knife give me the knife
which I can barely hold with these damn
gloves so basically we just wait until
that guess this heats up which can take
a long damn time guys so this is what it
looks like you know what we'll
time-lapse here we go
Oh guys it's been like 30 seconds so far
and the nice is already starting to get
red up here you can see the area you
just can't move it holy shit
this torch is insane
okay guys so the knife is now red-hot as
you can see it's fucking red as hell
we're gonna put the avocado and try the
avocado first hopefully it doesn't
explode and burn on the table so I got
my glove on we're going down come on oh
my god oh my god no can we cut through
the core of the avocado I glided through
the first part I can't get the second
part and it's too hot to touch guys a
little more pressure come on I gotta put
the other glove on guys hold up push it
down oh my God look at this smoke coming
off holy I can't get it out guys the
avocado is stuck hold up oh my god the
avocados on the loose can we get through
okay that part cuts easy and it cut out
some of the core as you can see maybe if
we can get no no we're good and the rest
of the core
oh we fully cut through the core of the
avocado guys like this oh no I guess
avvocato cooled it down and that core is
rock solid but we can make halfway
through it the avocado is hard to do
because my fucking gloves like this
melting gloves are way too small in my
hand so I couldn't really push down it
was like it felt like it was breaking my
finger so now my dad switched gloves and
we're gonna come back and we're gonna
cut the chocolate up next up is the
Hershey's cookies and cream bars these
are amazing what we're gonna do is break
them in half and then fold them on top
of each other stack them up like this so
we can cut through a bunch of the
chocolate oh that's going to be nice and
now that I have my fucking hands-free I
can actually fix the camera view much
better alright guys so it's red hot now
we're gonna try and melt the chocolate
let's do this three two one how fast can
it slice the chocolate oh my god it's on
fire and we are literally going through
these layers like nothing right now
nothing can we get through all the
layers kill you through all the layers
every single layer and just the classic
sear the chocolate you just gotta melt
the chocolate guys this is the most
satisfying thing in the world there's
smoke everywhere
everywhere and the Blaine is officially
ruined after that one but oh my god can
we nope I guess it's just the one try
you got and then the blade cools down
yeah guys the first two layers of that
chocolate bar were absolute butter it
just slid through the first two layers
and then after that it got a little
harder so I had to put a bit of pressure
but the first two layers were a joke so
now I'm gonna do a pineapple and then
I'm going to do my iPhone 7 because Yolo
next up is Sponge Bob Squarepants his
house okay here we go guys we're going
in on the pineapple in three two one go
you oh my god oh my god oh my goodness
literally I just cut through the full
pineapple and you can hear this hearing
it's like making noise holy shit I'm
still sinking through the pineapple oh
no it's going down it's harder to get
through now did you see how peed my
colors wow that was crazy guys look at
that clean cut on the pineapple now if
that's my iPhone alright here we go guys
I'm gonna freakin come out but open in
three two one hip out like one let's do
it yay oh my god guys Wow look at that
guys this is insane these eyeballs you
crazy guys what just happened to it holy
oh my god this toy it turned into like a
toy to look at all these rappers guys
what what is going on with my iPhone
right now smooth like butter it's
literally cutting smooth like butter
whoa look at that guys
that's crazy if you guys actually think
I'm fucking working my iPhone like that
you're insane but if you hit a hundred
and fifty thousand likes on this video I
will cut my old iPhone open just cuz
Yolo so if you guys want to see that
smash the like button right now and I'll
fuckin do it cuz we don't play games on
my channel but that was honestly Loki
high heat the most satisfying shit in
the world I don't suggest you do it if
you don't have like the proper equipment
everything safety precautions all that
but yeah it's definitely fun I can tell
you that okay guys so a bit of bad news
right now I usually end the blogs off
hyper but right now Sylvia was just at
home with wolfy jr. and then he found
some chocolate Lane
around on the ground or something like
that he ate it and Sylvia said he was
like puking non-stop so if you guys
don't know dogs ain't supposed to eat
chocolate so she called the vet and then
they told her to call like some toxins
fucking combat even though she called
them and they said that wolfy jr. needs
to go to the vet like immediately so
right now my mom just went to go to the
vet with Silvia with wolfy jr. he's in
the back room right now there is a
couple dogs in front of him because
they're in more critical condition I
don't know the hell's wrong with him but
I'm gonna go there so I'm gonna end the
vlog off now I'll fill you guys in on
what's happening tomorrow I'm not gonna
fucking vlog at the vet everyone's not
in the best mood so I'm not gonna bring
my camera around a bunch of people that
are sitting in the vet like waiting to
hear if their friggin pets gonna die or
live like nah good I'm not bringing like
camera there so I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog if you did hit that like button
also comment down below get better wolfy
jr. anything like just have your prayers
for wolfy jr. I'm gonna go check up on
him right now
I always stay positive any situations so
I'm sure he will be fine but actually
not but I'm not gonna think of any but
yeah I will see you guys soon on more
wolf u where we stay a little bit more
sours in my main channel and as always
stay savage as I go
