good morning ayo what sketchy boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie I hope you
guys are having a fantastic amazing
blessed
awesome day today only a couple days
left until Christmas
I'm feeling really hyper we got a lot to
do today but before the blog even starts
I just hit 690 thousand followers on
Instagram I really want to hit 700 K so
if you are not for some weird reason I
mean you'd be a goof not to be following
me on Instagram boom follow me on
instagram at Wolfie okay you can follow
Wolfie wraps - that's my backup account
for all of them both and be super active
like on my shit I am doing my giveaways
soon so the more active my followers are
the better chance ever what I'm just
saying okay anyways we're going back to
the car dealership today because
somebody's gonna test drive a car when
you're buying a car you always have to
get a feel for the car before you buy it
because who knows it might not drive
exactly how you want it to drive even
though Mercedes are all blessed so we're
gonna drive that also I'm gonna drop
will be rude a drop Wolfie junior off at
my mom's house my sister's gonna take
care of him for a bit because we are
Christmas shopping a half the Christmas
shop with my mom as well my mom knows
some of the presents that people want so
having her around with me and Silvia is
gonna just make everything in ten times
easier because I don't like buying
presents for people and then I'm not
liking them and then them taking them
back it's just it's pointless to my eyes
I want to buy something that they don't
have to take back so wherever we end up
today I have no idea hopefully we can
get all the presents I bought my mom a
present yesterday I bought a few people
present yesterday I'm bawling out this
Christmas because every other Christmas
I really had the money to buy anything
fancy but this year I don't give a shit
I'm giving back to everyone
your boy Wolfie Santa is in the building
Christmas Wolfie and I'm buying everyone
everything so we just arrived at the
dealership guys I think this is the whip
that Sylvia's gonna be test driving
today
look at how nice it is you sexy Mercedes
friend I like it I like it a lot
alright open up go tell them you mean
business we're here back again second
annual Mercedes dealership but my lips
nicer okay guys so Silvia is driving the
car now for the first time this is like
make it a break it moment if she doesn't
like it she's gonna like his fucking
ridiculous car so go ahead when it's
safe don't crash is it always in
four-wheel drive always all were doing
always always
I like to it this is the first test drag
guys and go in every pothole you see go
in every bump and test the suspension
it's going to stabilize you guys I've
never driven with Silvia in like a fast
car or like a good car so this is
different she's accelerating here in
comfort mode relax but you're at viikii
go in sport mode for me pay attention ok
I'll be back in a sec I wanted to go in
sport mode there's two modes
well there's multiple modes you can set
like the engine or the steering wheel to
be different options just like my new
car but if you set it in sport mode when
you hit the acceleration the car speeds
out really quick and has a lot of torque
but if you don't it's comfort mode but
she's going to be driving a comfort but
so high up kind of like a minute
Corrigan I can see all over the hood
okay guys we're in sport mode now we're
gonna see what silver you can do after
this car leaves is there a car behind us
we're going to wait till this guy goes
ahead of it and we're going to floor it
the track Florida my car off the road
when you're ready just hit it but hit it
it hit it until you're comfortable you
know if it gets too crazy just like well
yes I'm not okay but I want you to
really hit it push it push push
Jesus Christ she's going she's going
guys
look at control accelerate oh your while
you're turning push the car
okay guys sorry about this boring test
drive so he is ass lady but I'll let you
don't get back to the dealership all
right so we're back in the dealership
still you just finished a test drive she
likes sport mode now we're gonna sit
down see which options occur because she
wants a beige interior but she also
wants certain things she wants a good
sound system so I don't want to make her
settle for a car if it's not gonna be
perfect but look at all these interiors
so these is this is a nice Keisel beige
all right no Engler beige anything but
black because honestly like I said in my
last vlog Black's just so boring it's
not boring but it's just so basic and if
you want to drive like a luxury car you
want it to look like this or this or
this and not like this and this unless
you're getting black and red but I'd get
that that's like for bryggen guys that
are trying to show off their nice 40 car
Sylvie's it's gonna be like beige is her
aesthetic and then we're going to go
check out Christmas presents of my mom
but first the water bottle flip so
Charlie is a child in the Mazda
dealership he's gonna try and get this
in the garbage can first of all the
water bottle is bigger now because we
eat the ketchup chips that are on
display
and he ate the ketchup groups that were
clearly just for lugging on the keys
right now to go see the car that she
might get and I'm just gonna go yay oh
and then he does this all the time when
he doesn't get it in he won't stop until
he gets it exactly not knees under at
all easily come burn me now
you bought me a car now you can title it
bought her bought her occur so guys
right now we're finalizing the car deal
I think I'm gonna get so via this car
you know what I'm really doing a big
chunk of the money to her so this beige
roof liner okay we got adaptive
seasoning less I'll take it are you
gonna bite real take it man
there's no one there I know he's gonna
get the keys you can shake the car
you're not gonna buy every starter
whines yeah I am I'm giving you a dollar
towards the car so technically we're
sharing so I'm buying it for you what's
up Ryan girlfriend a car's gone viral
another gone sexual you're so
embarrassing citizen before he comes
about no one go to a car dealership I
should not be at a car dealership and to
Childish guys missing out there he ate
all of the chips that they had available
2017 seem addict
shut up we're going on hopefully the
final walk right now to go see the car
guys we're going equip we just went out
and checked out a car and it was
absolutely covered in snow car shopping
in the winters ass but I don't know how
we're going equipped Oh we're bringing
the white we're bringing the white this
thing is a beast now to see the car guys
this is it if she likes it it might be
it might be a purchase look at all these
Mercedes there Orion good news bro
there's wireless internet available here
so if you're cheap we can get free Wi-Fi
in this place but now we're signing
papers we're about to finish up with the
mercedes-benz dealership Tilly is
putting money down I think it's a go it
might be a hole see so guys yesterday I
came in here this is the car that I
almost bought oh my god did the doors
feel way tighter than the car I ended up
getting but look at this this is a fresh
this would have been a fresh purchase
all I gotta say put that here ooh black
and red black and red have been my
favorite colors we have our sign on the
top of the car I mean this doesn't come
included in the car but it is what it is
we got box up there it is what it is we
got a box up there everything you can
change from the side this is just like
how Mercedes does it I guess have my
first sip of water while I wait for the
papers to come out
loke I want to eat all the ketchup chips
in the dealership we've been here for
way longer than I expected though really
like I think we've been here for like
two hours looking at cars shoveling off
cars cars shopping like it's just not
the best thing to do in the winter but
when you need a car you need a car so
dad I hope you're not watching this vlog
I told my family don't watch the vlog
because I'm buying presents today and it
happens to be the day that I'm buying my
dad a present but I'm gonna show you
guys all the presents I bought when I
get back to my house so therefore nobody
in my family can watch the clock not
just you dad anyways we gotta get out of
here not even buy this car so we finally
finished at the friggin dealership
honestly we were there way longer than
expected now we are doing a little
last-second Christmas shopping Sylvia
has to buy some stuff I don't really
have to buy some stuff in this mall but
I have to buy a bunch of shit like I
said I'm bawling out this Christmas
Christmas Santa is in town where we
going where we going so for a makeup
store for girls and the bank I told
Sylvia I wanted to get her a giant teddy
bear for Christmas but she wasn't down
but we are in TD right now she has to
get her bank statements for the car some
shit I don't know but I'm just goofing
around right now looking at all the
presents hopping over bars
I don't wait mines the store that she
said was here Sephora I don't see it I
don't think there's a Sephora saying
they're all mall but that we're gonna
have to find one either go to beige or
rito we'll see so we're at Best Buy Now
guys we are shopping for GoPros I know
Dustin one of the GoPro so I'm looking
for the GoPro that I can get him there
is the session hero session 5 which is
like a small q1 I know there's one
that's just a 0-5 as a screen but
can't really seem to find too much right
now everything's not really laid out
well and there's a drone blocking my
damn view I don't want this drone okay I
don't want it absolute change of plan
sorry guys I'm literally like all over
the map right now but it's because I was
unsure of what to get dust and I wanted
to surprise him with something
oh my god it's blurry Wow cool truck
driver I was gonna get him a GoPro but
when you get a GoPro as a GoPro owner
I've had so many like extra accessories
you need to get with it you just can
never buy the GoPro you need to buy the
wrist thing and then the stick there's
just a lot of stuff so we are at this
Motorsports place and this is something
I know for sure that my dad once he has
two motorcycles two bikes it's expensive
Santa's here so I know what I need my
mom sent me pictures my dad searched for
what exactly he wanted so it's not
really a surprise to anyone I'm just
gonna go ask what to get so here's the
stuff my dad wants I was sent upstairs
to go get them Kevin or something I'm
supposed to see he's a specialist not
the motorcycles I'm not buying my dad a
freaking bike even though these are
absolutely fucking ridiculous what you
better be happy I feel like a fucking
OCD you guys I'm frigging OCD we just
got home I didn't even finish shopping
like there's still some things I need to
get I need to go get wrapping paper to
wrap everything oh yeah I didn't vote
yes basically the whole day I was
stressing out because I wanted to make
sure my videos got uploaded at a
specific time and if things are not in a
specific order
you know I freaked out I get mad anxiety
and I don't like that so it's good to be
organized I'm home I'm gonna do a few
things upload these videos and then
gotta head back out to the store get
wrapping paper return some stuff you
guys thought yesterday's vlog friggin
Wolfie juniors gloves getting returned
how are the ex ex smalls honestly too
small for this guy like what we do you
have the dog here no he's not even in
the house right now he is out my mom's
house I just got off the phone with my
mom she had to go pick up Dustin a
present for me because I don't have time
to do it but at least we got all the
nice motorcycle equipment here kind of a
buzzkill about my dad's helmet but it is
what it is that again what you give to
give a guy give a gap Gabe Gabe laughs
life lesson number 95525 can leave this
thing guys keep separate movie this is
one of my favorite things I've gotten
from fan mail ever the cutest shit
videos coming out three minutes I'll be
back
okay maybe that's a little too much
welcome to shopping with Wolfie I am
getting these to wrap my Christmas
presents we also need Christmas boxes
but Cara Lee finally I want to be honest
and the Christmas giveaway sash has a
few bags I could probably buy we'll make
something work right now I'm holding
this on my tripod this I can set it up
even it out oh okay I ain't know Casey
nice that Casey wolf gang we're looking
for gift boxes guys and I can only find
these huge boxes for $10 each not really
trying to spend $10 on a box it's gonna
get ripped and demolished open on
Christmas morning so I don't know what's
going on with Walmart right now like
literally last year I found them no
problem this year they're not in the
Christmas section so pretty much a
struggle right now to find them
hopefully I can find them because I want
to put my shit in boxes I spoke too soon
guys I just found a pack of 12 gift
boxes or 20 gift boxes perfect
I don't think I'll need any more than 20
but you know what for the vlog we'll get
40 60 80 100
everyone's getting present like this
video and you'll get a present alright
guys so we just picked up all the stuff
we needed from Walmart I got all the
gift wrapping paper the tape the cards
the stickers everything I need to wrap
the presents now I'm going to my mom's
house to grab a few things I need to
grab my damn dog he's been there all day
we haven't been able to take care of
wolfy jr. all day sorry buddy but we've
been getting presents wolfy you even got
a present also I need to talk a few
business-related things over with my mom
and with my dad while we're there and
then we're going home and then hopefully
I can get like a fucking early bedtime
today hopefully I haven't able to go to
bed hey how's it going okay
that's a fan I didn't know what she said
just a Wolfie she's just like shaking
over there shut up - the wolf famine
Ottawa anyways we're going to my mom's
house right now whoopee whoopee whoopee
hey whoopee
whoopee come here come come to me ready
don't you love our dog we do but he's
very much attention yeah and you should
love to give it to him cuz he's so cute
means we can't get anything done cuz we
gotta be looking after him why would you
want to get a room done yeah go with
this DIY daddy a DIY daddy
that boys okay guys so I just got
something in the mail on my parents
house I don't know if you guys know what
this is but I have a funny feeling what
this is I ordered it a few weeks ago
honestly the last one took like fucking
two months to come in but this one came
in and like I'd say around four weeks
cuz I didn't really pay attention to the
time maybe even last you even like three
honestly maybe even two a half weeks so
this bad boy this bad boy is insane this
is for the new car even though our
fucking two cars already but here we go
yo who's already is it what I need this
might be what I need guys hold up mom 20
of pearls
no cuz my name Carl's Carly or what okay
what's a nickname well you know 15 you
know I should've got Whoopi juniors like
instead of that dough I got
yo I got king wolf and young wolf now so
now when I get my big boy car I'm gonna
put this one on the small Mon car and
I'm gonna have king wolf for the big big
car SUV that I'm looking into getting
are we all being in the blog it's a blog
not a blog some girl Michael she's like
I was vlogging she's like are you
blogging I'm like yeah it's blogging
video logging yeah I was like it's
blogging vlogging guys is 2016 it's not
a blood I was not typing in Michaels
anyways y'all wolf king well if you
already know what it is not excited huge
box just nothing in it
I'm cheesed so I know I told you guys I
would tell you what I got everyone for
Christmas but I thought about it for a
second and on the off chance that one of
the people out of like all the people
happens to watch this vlog they're gonna
know and it's gonna ruin the surprise so
I can't tell you what I'm getting them
but I'm going to show you a dope
time-lapse of me wrapping the presents
and then you can see the size of them
and then maybe guess it on your own I
don't even know but go
second present done let's get it
okay I'm gonna wrap the rest of the
presents off-camera because a my
camera's dying it'd be you know I'm
really a shitty rapper so I'm really a
bad Christmas present rapper okay so
this is going to take like ten years
like I'm saving you guys the hassle of
having to watch it but I'll show you the
finished project so three two one boom
there you go so I got a present for bait
right here I got a present for my mom my
dad I got a present I got to be quite a
coup Silvia sleeping in the other room
but I got a present for my sister right
here
I got a present for Dustin right here I
got a present on the ground oh this is
heavy for my mom and then there's one
down there it's my brother I know the
last one I just finished wrapping it's
right on the table it's for my dad all
the presents are pretty much wrapped and
good to go
took me a lot longer than expected and I
made a big mess guys this is what it
looks like after Wolfie wraps some
presents not some lions because you know
I've never but whatever yeah not the
funnest thing so I gotta clean this up
but luckily I know a quick trick to
clean everything up in like two seconds
so quick little ooh there we go much
better guys spick-and-span clean as new
I like that why don't I do that more
often honestly cleaning stuff is such a
hassle I don't know why people don't
just use magic more often but this table
has always been bugging me the way it's
sat in this house I think I'm gonna turn
it on its side
I just put both chairs on each side but
I think it would be better if it was
just like you know there we go much
better I like this way better this
setups dope now fuck magic is pretty
damn easy I really need to start doing
that more often
we got the setup going on right there's
way more space for like DIYs and stuff
over here all the presents are wrapped
so I'm going to call it a day I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog if you did do not
forget to go down smash that like button
let's hit 25,000 likes also if you made
it to the very end of the vlog comment
Christmas presents down below and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage in my
main channel and as always stay savage
hangout
