second one you try it was a laxative
morning eh oh it's good boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy I hope
everyone watching this vlog right now
hope you're smiling hope you're having a
good day hope you're having good luck
today
hope you find five dollar bill on the
ground smash the like button right now
and you will find money on the ground
within the next two days got five
seconds to do it one two three four five
it's hit thirty five thousand likes on
this vlog I am back with another vlog
baby not a bit of bad news though to
start the day I said I was supposed to
go to LA well as you guys can see
outside this is not a lake this is still
the same snowy old Ottawa the reason
being is because I think we're pushing
the flight back a day or two or three
maximum just because there is some
complications when you're trying to get
your visa also worst news to wake up to
this morning I had some clothes that
were supposed to come in this morning to
this house and I wanted to bring those
clothes with me in LA because I wanted
to do like a little photo shoot in LA
with those clothes but I woke up and
check my email and they got held at the
border I don't know why that always
happens to me but every time I order
clothes for some reason when I expect
them one day they always get held up an
extra two to three days so that's
another reason and then the third reason
is some little private stuff that I have
to handle before I leave to LA but don't
worry
Ottawa vlogs I live today I'm gonna be
blogging with the Bay Silvia because all
my friends ditched me you are the last
enjoy the day
all my friends ditched me this morning
they all went skiing Ryan you don't even
ski so why are you going skiing Bongo
has a torn ACL so this guy cannot go
skiing but other than Bongo everyone
left like jawed Sean David Sean jad Sean
David Sean and Ryan swings Omar even
works all day so he can't even chill
today it's a struggle I know I got you
chill we're gonna have fun and last but
not least the bad news of the day is
that my car God does not want me to have
this car he really doesn't because the
windows are broke up they're broken I
don't know what it is I don't know if
you need to reprogram them but I don't
have time for that so I want to bring my
car to my dad's house my dad's age cuz
he gets to drive my new car and he's
gonna bring it in do dogs can you stop
it yo please can you stop it I'm trying
to vlog today okay now guys I usually do
not shout out people but something
extremely special has been sent to me I
just pulled out to our mom's house
this is here for me know that I read all
the shit that you guys sent me but my
vlogs would be an eternity long if I put
everything in it but yo this is Talent
guys look at this drawing of me and
Sylvia who they framed it this is me
when I still had a jawline god damn I'm
eight and my stubble oh my god they went
down eyebrows your photo is that hold on
let me wait for my Instagram yeah cuz
every time I post a pic on my Instagram
which is Wolfie she hates the pic and I
like to pick just like every time she
posts a pic of me and hair don't like
the figures the version I posted yeah I
hate where's the version you posted or
did I post it I think you may have
posted no it must have been for mine
there might be on Sylvia what do you
mean it's a wide-angle lens it's so far
but yo cuz this from Josh this kind self
plug himself yourself bitch hey what's
up wolfy I've been watching your videos
for quite a while now I decided to give
you this before you go back to LA and
brackets hopefully as I thank you for
the awesome videos you gave us last year
I don't know how you do all that shit
daily you inspired me to start uploading
daily I gotta promote anyone who uploads
daily this channel is youtube.com slash
wheezy w/e easy I don't know how you got
that fuckin URL but yo everybody go
subscribe to Josh because job said the
greatest photo of all time this is
almost as good as the masterpiece is
sent to me by a little squirt if you
don't know lo squared I love his stuff
so much little squirt yo so one day this
g-guys love anyways thank you so much
Josh my to smiled in my day I love you
so guys this is what we're gonna be
testing out today literally I found this
in my closet
I forgot that for Christmas Sylvia got
me a whole bunch of like random supplies
and I've been waiting to do this for
time so basically what this is like this
is like a Mentos coke experiment thing
so I'm gonna go coughs um Diet Coke from
the store and we're gonna see how big we
can make this guys about we gotta be
low-key because they hate when I vlog in
the stores I'll put this in the car keep
it low-key alert
kind of get lots of diet cola I need a
bunch of attempts of this because I know
we're gonna fail so minimum I have to
six geysers oh my god this is heavy
next is the Mentos like to pack we
should be good ok guys so we found the
perfect location many of them we're at a
literally like asserted part Loki this
is the park where I gave away my first
merch way over there there's also a
hockey rink over here so he might come
back here later and play some hockey or
just skate around but for now we got the
magic guys are two bigger a 25-foot soda
geyser so the way this works I'm pretty
sure you unscrew this put all the Mentos
down the top and then open the coke
bottle and then as soon as you're ready
release the hatchet and it should make a
huge explosion so let's get it started
we're loading up the Mentos here gonna
make sure to pack this thing to the brim
so we can get the biggest explosion
yawning I've actually never used
anything like this I've always done it
to get away and just put the Mentos in
myself and I feel like that screws it up
and then one Mentos for good luck and
three keys what the hell was that guys
that was the most unsuccessful I've ever
seen 45 feet that wasn't even three feet
did I not shake the bottle up enough
like holy SH she can't good thing I
bought a bunch of bottles because this
is gonna take a bunch of attempts until
then done up to all the squirrels I'm
gonna give you guys a DIY coke slushy
right here I think I realize the problem
you're supposed to put this cap back on
- partially keep the Mentos in there and
then I also makes the pressure way
harder I mistake round number two this
one I'm feeling good about guys
be serious for a second that ain't 25
like six feet max let's get a replay on
that this is nowhere near 25 feet I'm
stressed we're gonna use the three last
bottles just cuz I don't want to waste
them but I think this is a failed
scientist family
that's not 2515 everyone guys this ice
is kind of just standing on it it's like
okay it's actually not bad why did I
just crack the ice this is that you know
why am i tacky she's a ballerina all
right guys this would not be a classic
wolfy blog if I didn't sing in the car
we're back hey guys so we're back at
home now and as you can see with my hair
it's ridiculous like its swaggy but I
don't know if I'm wearing the do-rag
wrong or if I'm wearing hats too much
older me just keeps wearing too many
hats she thinks it's because I'm wearing
too many hats but look the curls are
already becoming undone but luckily
Jackie told me how to maintain them so I
have my twist and lock jaw right here
and I also have this comb right here and
Sylvia because she can see the lock so
she's going to do that and lately when
I've been maintaining my hair instead of
watching TV instead of watching YouTube
because of how I attached I am to
frigging social media and everything
because it's my job obviously my brain
and my attention span have like shrunk
over time like I have literally don't
have an attention span anymore so lately
what I've been doing in order to kill
two birds with one stone is listening to
audiobooks you guys know I love to use
audible shout-out to audible obviously
for sponsoring this video but I've
talked about them in a billion videos
before and not only just use audible but
use audible about something that matters
to me because in 2018 it's a new year
new me Fitness wolfy is getting you know
Sylvia can you do my hair because I'm
but yeah I told you guys one of my new
year's resolutions was to get more into
the fitness scene it start working out
so I've started that I've started eating
a bit healthier and actually the book
that I'm reading while not reading
listening to because if you guys don't
know what audible is basically if you
get audible you don't have to read
anything the books are read to you so
especially for people like me with like
zero attention span it's awesome because
like it slows my mind down it makes me
think and it teaches me stuff about
health and fitness which is what I need
cuz I'm trying to get D's in 2018 I'm
trying to get that Dolan twins jawline
but yeah I'm not only
listening to books at home but also when
I'm cruising in the whip when I'm
playing by rocket League which I'm
low-key addicted to I'm listening to
this all the time because I'm trying to
burn through these books like I'm kind
of addicted I have an addictive
personality so like when I'm on
something I have to finish it and this
is the only way I've been able to finish
books and actually right now audible is
offering a special deal where they're
giving listeners a free audiobook with a
30-day free trial
all you got to do is go to audible.com
slash more wolfy and check out their
ridiculous library of books there's
literally thousands and thousands of
different audio programs that you can
choose from download a title for free
and start listening to it's almost too
easy so again all you got to do is go to
audible.com slash more wolfy link at the
top of the description or if you're from
the u.s. text more wolfy to five hundred
five hundred to get started that's more
wolfy mor e wo lfie as I didn't know
that because you follow me on Instagram
on Instagram it's wolfy - so hurry up
and do that and yeah actually the book
that I'm currently listening to right
now it's called the Whole Foods diet by
John Mackey and Matthew Leatherman 2018
is my year I'm trying to be a better
Wolfie I'm trying to get bees and
healthy so I gotta be listening to these
books guys that's how they did it in the
old fashion world so I'm trying to bring
it back a step and not CH yeah I gotta
stop moving my head I'm gonna let Sylvia
finish my hair right now because I'm
looking nappy AF and I your boys gotta
look fresh because we're going to LA a
few days and I cannot be showing up like
this so I'll see you guys in a bit ok
guys home about to do a prank on Sylvia
basically a while back I did this
hilarious prank on all my boys and they
still haven't got me back surprise me
for it did the xmax prank if you don't
know X lacks is it makes you want to go
number two not number one and I was
looking through my supply closet and
guess what I found up here I found that
I still have some X lacks and these are
like chocolates they're meant to taste
good so I'm gonna do the same prank on
Sylvia basically what I'm gonna make her
do hold on
so yeah what are you doing okay we got
to do that taste test soon so she
literally has no idea I'm gonna give her
this blindfolded I'm gonna give her like
two other chocolate bars blindfolded
just to throw her off just like I did
with Ryan and this is what happens Ryan
the first one was exercise
yo that's disgusting bro so I gotta be
sneaky and get the different chocolate
person lined up but you guys will see
what this looks like
okay I'm almost there all right let me
see myself there's your blindfold put
your blindfold on you can't see yourself
because you have a blindfold on let me
do one Zakariya justice put a blindfold
on no no no no you don't let me just see
how BuzzFeed works I'm gonna give you
three chocolates you're gonna tell me
which one each first one is these this
will be a quick taste test what is the
taste yeah what is it you have to
swallow it up that Twix or something no
no that's a first one score second one
number two you have to swallow every
chocolate full stop feeling it and just
eat it oh I got it literally can I spit
out no you can't yes to swallow
everything on dirt chocolate eagle is
the last final chocolate this was
actually kind of which was that mr. big
no Kit Kat okay take your blindfold off
can I explain to you chocolates me so
the first one was your final answer
score score are you kidding okay it was
really talking Mars twits or marks okay
it was none of them as it was Snickers
like what do we have in the closet okay
so that one was Snickers so that's 0 for
1 what's the third one
Kit Kat K so that's one other three
second one you tried it was a laxative
chocolate bar you're open whatever you
should watch my blogs because the boys
have done this and now you're out now I
can prove once and for all the girls go
number two see how you're feeling in an
hour
there was actually X Box you just point
there's Xbox like
where's excise not poisoning you you've
been complaining you it's a prank oh
yeah good thank you actually be stressed
you just said she makes my coffee every
morning keep laughing we'll see you in
an hour
I go to Tim Hortons nice try anyways
guys until Sylvia asked the cook we have
some productivity to do there's a few
screws here charity is just for picking
these up I told you guys I was planning
on doing this for time but I just didn't
pick up the right supplies this wall is
empty and this wall is empty yo can you
turn your TV show off so we're gonna
fill this wall up we're gonna fill this
wall up as you guys can see look what we
have in my office before we go to LA we
got a bunch of stuff to put on the wall
we have my gold play button my other
gold play button Sylvia's little play
button this picture that I got today
this is dope this thing that YouTube
sent me and then three silver play
button so that walls gonna be a lot more
decorated let's get to it definitely
took me way longer than this is supposed
to take and I only got one of the sides
done and guys if you look at it from the
side up it's not my best creation kind
of a little slanted but I mean not bad
not bad for construction Wolfie this is
like just the beginning I think my
parents are gonna come over soon so I'm
gonna force my dad to do the rest of
these on the other side or find a place
on that side I don't even know all I
know is that I cannot do this I've been
doing it so long literally I haven't
even needed to use the blow dryer to dry
my hair because my hair is already
drying on its own godson I guess so my
parents are here but yeah it was in the
bed and she was complaining about her
stomach
she literally stopped her show mid-show
yo what are you doing what do you mean
are you good you're good
are you sure you good all right I'll see
it a bit as I think it works this girl's
like dying right down the toilet
she's gonna kill you I don't know guys
it's ex like just to make it easy
hopefully she doesn't kill me Wow whoa
this is dope more wolfy wolfy raps
poster wolfy ENT Silvia Gani
so they've Gani more wolfy and won't be
here oh my god I gotta get here honestly
now I'm going to go check on the boys
they went skiing without me but we're
still friends I hated them though well
just came to the boys and none of them
right here they're all downstairs
playing for tonight my hands passing out
let's go home that's more like it back
at the crib Tobi a shout-out to her
because she made me some chicken nuggets
chicken bangers and guys life hack
ketchup is actually lint with Frank's
Red Hot Sauce or sriracha depending on
what you're feeling usually I'm feeling
Sriracha hot sauce tonight I'm feeling
little spice at the Franks got to switch
it up the left like Ginobli anyways guys
your boy has got to get a sleep schedule
back on track because I'm about to get
jet lagged once I go to LA I'm gonna go
to bed right now meaning I'm gonna end
the vlog off now if you enjoyed it do
not forget to go smash the like button
less than 35 thousand likes on this vlog
get ready in tomorrow's vlog I'm
thinking about playing some speak out
which is gonna be super fun with the
boys so stay tuned for that tomorrow
it's gonna be heat and I will see you
guys soon on more wolf where we stay a
little bit more savage on my main
channel and as always stay safe I just
picked up Lego
