good morning a yo let's get at your boy
wolfy do you like my hat cuz I like my
hat it's free swag you know where your
hat sideways like a real dude right now
I'm in the midst of filming a friggin
banger for my main channel you guys know
how I did that hundred layers of racks
on my hand right now I'm doing a hundred
layers of wax on my feet it's gonna be
fun it's definitely gonna hurt a bit
I'm just letting the wax melt right now
but I thought I'd update you guys a bit
I know a lot of people have a problem
with my toes okay my toes are a little
weird because but when I was little I
used to wear shoes that were too small
so like one of my toes like kind of goes
over the other toe I used to get made
fun of a lot for that you guys are
definitely gonna see my Shrek looking
fucking ogre toes in this video so get
ready for that and I think they're
starting to boil so I'll be back in a
sec I gotta film the main channel video
oh and one more thing as you guys can
see there is mad wax all over the table
already in the videos just beginning you
can see Sylvia's reflection on the table
cool reflective table DIY oh my god you
guys need to get yourself a marble table
like this it's only like 50 grand it's
kind of cheap get yourself one cuz then
you can see yourself in the mirror this
is what my kitchen looks like after her
wax video let's just say it was an
absolute mess now I have to literally
hop to the bathroom to clean off my foot
because I have because I have wax all
over it and I don't want to track the
watch with me everywhere I go through
those oh my god that's the first time my
foot has touched the ground in two hours
feels phenomenal this is a sad day to
see you guys but I'm gonna be throwing
out these two pots
I just brought from Walmart the other
day I bought them for this video and
let's just say last time I tried
cleaning the wax if you guys have been
watching my vlogs for a while you know
that that was the most the biggest
struggle in the world it took like an
hour to clean each pot just to make sure
there was no wax in it because I'm not
trying to cook food and have wax in it
and we did mess up all our pots so and
the dishwasher so I'm going to throw
them out sad to say luckily they were on
sale and they were cheap but good bye
good bye pot you did a good job in my
video we'll see you next time
s√≠lvio welcome to Michaels
this is record ception so around
michaels right now silvia is looking for
some supplies for a video but I'm gonna
look for I want to see if I can find
that shot glass mold that I bought way
back when I never thought I would do so
many videos with it but everybody loves
the shot glass videos they're classic
now so I'm gonna see if I can find it
because if anyone's at home looking to
find it you go to Michael's I don't know
where would be though they rearranged
the whole store and it's like 20 bucks I
think and it's got me through so many
videos I'm so proud of it so we're doing
a Secret Santa at my house and we have a
fifty dollar limit this is $49.99 this
is like speaking to me right now it's a
star shower basically it's like a light
that goes on the front side of your
house you put it on and look at that it
lights it all up very like honestly
useless but whoever I got for Secret
Santa I might buy this because it's 50
bucks and it's calling my name right now
guys but I can't say who I got cuz I
would ruin the Secret Santa look what I
found guys a box of magic it's like 30
bucks but you guys know I'm obsessed
with magic tricks and stuff like that so
as a kid I used to be like I used to
really want one of these so now that I'm
older I think I'm gonna buy it and then
try and do a magic trick on Silvia if I
get it there's 50 tricks inside so as
long as I can get one I'll try that when
I get home and then it's a success why
quietly shop in the kids section do
there's literally like pom-pom Wow's
some friggin little dogs Wolfie juniors
and then my magic my magic box
look at this guys it's calling my name
so we're in the baking aisle now and
check this out guys these are the shot
glasses that have got me literally
millions of views right here these are
them 13 bucks I thought they were 20
buck out glass mold and I honestly lost
one last time I came here so I'm gonna
get another one just to have just in
case why not make 16 so I can screw up
once but I can still push back and
recover they got these tree pops shot
glass molds this little cake pop thank
you you made my channel glist
so we're looking for another cage for
Wolfie because the one we got right now
is like about this size it's like the
perfect size for him the other one we
had the black cage which he honestly
hates I think is this one or the problem
with this one is he figured out how to
open it on his own so now we're looking
for one that's bigger cuz I don't want
him to be stuck in this like for an hour
or two when we leave I want him to like
be able to see out because it makes him
more comfortable so we got to get like
either just huge one of these and that
won't really solve the problem that I
just said or we can get him a cage we're
just afraid that he'll be able to escape
the cage
and as soon as he escapes the cage then
that's not good maybe we'll just get him
an ultra-strong
double door crate this one says it's
also strong and it looks bigger though
maybe this one we also have to look for
some boots for Wolfie because he doesn't
like going pee or poop outside anymore
because it's too cold on his feet but I
don't know which ones no these are
disposable ones these are meant for like
taking your dog in public in LA everyone
had those but we need actual boots this
is a sign from God guys there is
literally one more pair left I don't
know if he's gonna fit in the small ones
but we're gonna try it out but if they
don't fit they don't fit but I got to do
what's best for the little boy never
mind guys I found way more expensive
ones at the front of the store these
things are B's I don't know if these are
meant for the dog to go outside I'm just
gonna assume they are these are little
booties he's not gonna keep them warm
these ones are definitely gonna keep him
warm xx small fleece-lined
double we're getting them so wolfy is
trying on his new pots for the first
time we're gonna put all four on I'm
gonna say paws I meant boots anyways
try on his new boots he's kind of cheese
right now we're gonna put all four on
and then put him on the ground he
already doesn't like the one I bet he's
gonna walk like an absolute goofy to say
Betty all the boots are on he's ready to
go for a walk ready buddy let's go
alright go oh this is doing hey come on
one came out no whoa babe why'd you get
it out run after mommy
try not to huh these boots are supposed
to fit perfectly they don't fit get up
God okay whoopee I love you come on
Wolfie let's go finally why is he going
Oh whoopee what are you doing what you
doing buddy those are the swamp swings I
go in a little bit bye lovie you got to
come on those sub take em back we're
taking on you but small ones are like
five boring seasons are $50 yeah what
the hell work at all guys at all they're
so hard to put on - oh boy we are and
they're so thick like why are they this
long it fit fits his entire leg you
couldn't even bend them he looked so
funny in the
we return sorry buddy that's a windows
it what a good sport
you didn't even wind that much good boy
we love you no don't worry we won't put
them on again there's nothing better
than fixing my house with some gorilla
glue I just picked up the friggin most
DS gorilla glue from the store that the
tape is so strong that it ripped off my
lip in one of my videos so you know it's
strong and I'm watching some fucking
Disney Channel in the background let it
focus oh I'm just a fucking
eight-year-old that hurt all I watch is
Disney Disney's the shit been watching
it since I was like four I'm going to
continue to watch it DIY Wolfie right
now in the house let's get this glue
going you already know oh let's get it I
honestly don't think any human needs as
much glue as I just put I filled this
thing up with glue and now we're just
gonna place it back where it's been me
and Sofia moved in this house and this
thing's been broken for the longest time
every time it comes off mid video
someone steps on it so now it's not
moving anymore DIY Wolfie for all the
wannabe makeup artists the makeup gurus
this is what a makeup setup looks like
we got a light they're deflecting the
diffuser back onto this backdrop Sylvia
got her other fucking light light here
like here like here monitor their
everything the new setup is lit Wolfie
hey I was just chilling with you why are
you running away from me hiding under
the tree anyways I want to try something
out with you guys because I'm in the
Christmas mood I'm in the Christmas
spirit I want I want all of my wolf am
to do something for me right now so
pause the video I should probably just
explain it so Christmas is about giving
Christmas is about family Christmas is
about loving just the holidays in
general are about spending time with
your family they stopped school so you
can go home visit your family visit your
mom visit your adapters your brother
your sister your cousin's your fucking
aunt on anybody on your family okay I
was thinking of a better transition but
I couldn't think of anything good so
basically what I'm trying to get out is
I want all of my wolf am to go down in
the comments right now and comment
something very positive like a positive
comment that anyone can read doesn't
matter who they are doesn't matter if
they're a boy doesn't matter if they're
a girl as long as they can read that
comment and it puts a smile on their
face that's what I want you guys to do
right now nice guy Wolfie is only here
for literally one day the rest of the
day a fucking savage will be okay but
because I'm nice guy Wolfie soft Wolfie
today that's what I want for my wolf fam
so pause the video right now go down
comment something extremely nice
extremely generous that anybody can like
that anybody can read and be like damn I
was fuckin generous I'm havin a good day
now I want your comments to turn
someone's bad day into a good day that's
all I want so go down comments something
good I already am expecting a lot of
trolls above my fucking nose and above
my fucking hairline you guys are too
predictable okay positive comments only
social experiment will field for duty
thank you now we can go back and bug
Sylvie up because trying to film video
is this a makeup tutorial or what
this isn't even a makeup tutorial and
why are you putting on makeup yeah leave
are you filming
I'm going to okay start it up I'm doing
I'm not even here I'm not even here I'm
not even here you're right there I'm not
even here you always taught when you're
here why does your Lobby up oh yeah okay
I'll leave what are you barking at buddy
okay slap you dog let's get it I'll
backhand you bro
let's go on beef roof he's coming he's
coming for beef hey you want beef I saw
I thought run dog right up dog like what
position is that you're beefing me and
you're like not scratch my stomach
alright no time to learn some magic
welcome to magic with Wolfie Oh guess
what I'm not even wearing my hat I'm
literally not even wearing it so Frank
magic trick confirmed my sweater was
holding it so I thought I'd do that I
got my discovery kids box I ain't a kid
I'm seven years old okay it says ages
eight plus oh shit alright thank you for
watching guys that was it
come on just kidding I'm just kidding
I'm seven years old by I'm just kidding
I'm nice so to start this magical world
of magic and world and magical I need a
knife to open this we'll just use our
brute strength squeeze it too many
instructions so many utensils put on my
handy dandy glasses here all right he's
definitely too small for my face too
so as you guys can see in this package
the most important thing we have is that
is the magical stick okay this is the
magical stick I've had a Kadabra that's
what I thought when Guardian let me also
looking ass basically this stick is I
guess a stick just to go like cast those
and what not Harry Potter
Dumbledore you know usual I don't know I
need to explain not pretty okay Oh know
it everybody knows it we also got some
rings three rings okay we also got this
thing this thing better you know they
are hankerchief some cards um other
things some more magic cards some
plastic some more of this some more of
this and then basically this so I'm
gonna try and learn the simplest trick
on here okay so the first trick I'm
gonna try is I'm gonna make an elastic
band go through my thumb or something so
you need one elastic band for this
basically I just I just read the
instructions off-camera so I'm gonna try
and replicate it now it's pretty complex
to be honest this book is not simple so
the first thing I do is I have my hand
like this I'm gonna twist it once it
says away from me then I'm gonna put my
finger in between here and then twist it
towards me so there's like a circle
around my finger I know it's hard for
you guys to see but this is what the
step said so far this where I've gotten
so far you need to put this back around
your thumb okay and then I can hold it
like this so now if I pull out this
finger slowly it should lock into place
it says okay okay alright so we try that
because that was a fail I'm gonna skip
to the last step okay guys so as you
guys can see I've wrapped it around my
thumb twice now I need somebody to hold
my thumb apparently the elastic bands
gonna go through my thumb so hold my
thumb to make sure it came over yeah I'm
scared you're gonna hit me
do my phone this is not a magic trick
magic that's right so you're holding my
thumb to make sure the elastic can't go
above it yeah okay so here we go three
aah what the fuck it's in three and I
did it no no no do it again guys first
magic trick okay
get a closer look here I'm wrapping it
no okay relax this is a regular elastic
bed I see
check it okay this is my regular thumb
but also at making them so I got this
I'm gonna put it here I'm gonna wrap it
around my finger twice what are you
doing here okay so as you get as you can
see it's wrapped around my finger twice
oh wow how did it go this is it I know I
know watch wrap it once ha ha I need to
be a magician to see what a rabbit what
sort of like ah fuck I wrap it again and
as you can see okay guys I know I did it
no I just had to use wikiHow to figure
that out so you grab it twist it away
from you put your finger in here twist
it towards you put it over your thumb
and now you're holding it while this
locks in place or something to look you
can see my thumb you're like holy shit
put cilia put your hand over my thumb so
look it's going through my thumb boom
magic guys I'm gonna be honest I've read
a few of these tricks in there each
about a paragraph long literally it
doesn't even tell you what each of these
things are it's just like grab a cup
grab a fucking ball do your shit yeah go
happy when you found it
yeah I was like no I can do shit that
kids can do love magic tricks you've
always no secret it's not a secret guys
I used to be addicted to like looking up
every single magic trick YouTube video
on magic tricks there is but then it's
like yo here's one of the magic tricks
it's a yellow friggin do a switch the
color of the ball it's like hey hold one
in one hand and go like put the second
one in another hand and then put this
over it and just like this as you guys
can see it's red now oh my god this is a
letter reading these are terrible
instructions we get some pics
zero out of ten there's no pictures it
doesn't show you anything guys what kid
is gonna try and figure this out so
that's just a buzzkill the one I did was
the easiest magic trick alive to be
honest what runs the purple ball okay I
don't know
hey okay I have a trick for you actually
guys I'm going to give you a better
angle like this because this is
apparently supposed to be an easy magic
trick so Sylvia can you show yourself to
the camera here here's three balls blue
purple and pink you have a box put one
in the box and I'm gonna figure out
which color you got in the box
today please yeah okay how do you have
your ball so I can see them
let me see this box this man speak I
need to see it from behind my back yet
from behind your back yeah yes I'm
guessing let me guess me hurry up I'm
guessing okay is it blue let's see oh
yeah let's go
I don't do under one how'd you guess
that magic I'm magic the easiest magic
trick alive guys I'll show you how I did
it here's what I did it this is actually
I guess when you're doing it on people
it's actually like it's it works because
some people just like they don't pay
attention oh that's me you gave me a
ball okay
I didn't think it shit okay you gave me
a ball sounds like shit this one weighs
a little more than the other ones it
weighs a little more that's why I knew
what do you mean you okay
you know you gave me this I put her
behind my back and here's what I was
doing I went like this and then put this
here and then brought this out to you
but this was in my view but it looks
like a closed box that's eyes like this
Nega
and then when I went around my back to
the second time I was like okay it's
blue whoa
magic trick won't be that's the only way
let me shine
okay clanging the box being a magician
yes I am I just need to abracadabra
stick alright you can turn around they
gave it to you scribbling looking mooing
hmm yeah don't be so obviously if you
the key to be a magician
this sleight of hand yes no you have to
like keep a conversation with me pink
yeah yeah yeah but keep your
conversation with me so I'm not
distracted okay okay make me focus on
your hands I used to watch matcha Tory
so yeah I am let me do one more no you
do one more hold this block this I
actually want to know how to do this one
so look it up in my book of 50 tricks
that are absolute shit ring need to pick
purple last trick guys by the way guys
hit that like button if you actually
want me to come back and learn some dope
magic tricks none of these I love magic
when I was younger so I will legit learn
some tricks and teach you guys some
tricks if you want to see them go smash
I like money you're the only one that
wants to do it here we go I do want to
do it so please hit that like button so
here we go I'm gonna make your celebrity
I got a wand in my hand I'm watching so
intensely now I'm holding my wrist
you're gonna make it levitate no tricks
holding my wrist like so ready what's
your finger doing it's not lemonade
you're holding it that's a stupid
asymetric sure everything that's not
what's it look like when your index made
your point in there you just have to
sell it I didn't sell it
so wait you're tired is this your card I
didn't pick a card hold on
as a kid guys I used to be an absolute
piece of this this is your card okay
abracadabra
it's I see it we can fully see it where
you kept your hand sideways for the
longest time do you always try and show
me this trick and you fail at it every
time look in the card where is it I'm
gonna flick it it's gonna disappear
three two one I'm over this trick nice
trick that's right so good please
literally it supplies you shit and it's
just like you're on your own
wait talking YouTube tutorial
everything's because a magician never
tells its secrets or whatever there's
madness on YouTube exposing everybody
here's the instructions but they're not
really gonna help you because I can't
tell you the position this is a scam
guys and half these tricks you need an
audience member on your site it's
because you do them for people so it's
like you would ask your mom or dad or
something ready for one more magic trick
to everybody at home right now I'm about
to trick you so keep your eyes on the
prize okay guys we got five the die is a
fire one dice is called a diet watch
this five stop six you're the coolest
magician I've ever known five ladies I'm
gonna make you dot I want an extra dot
so three two one five six I have no idea
how you did that guys decided you yeah
okay and the last trick I'm going to
teach you guys is how to levitate
something in five seconds to trick any
of your friends so here we go basically
I got my wand right here and all you got
to do is just hold your hand under it
and just ah ah there we go
come on come on alright back to my hand
thank God we're good so we had another
string like this guys you can't make it
levity okay from what I'm learning it's
just all sleight of hand and magic okay
you gotta just learn a trick you learn a
trick so I guess the moral of the story
with the magic tricks guys is magics
hurt it's not something you can just
learn there's like very few tricks that
you can just pick up like that so I
guess I'll just have to wait until 2017
to be a magician my dream has just
crushed so me and Sylvia just headed out
on a late night adventure right now we
have an in the blog off there I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did do not forget to
go down and smash that like button let's
hit 25k likes on this video and then
you'll learn magic if you hit the like
button instant magic you guys already
know what I told you to comment I told
you to comment something positive don't
forget about that also
shut up to Georgia I see you all over my
Twitter girl and that's a for today's
video I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage in my main channel and as always
stay savage leggo stay savage leggo
