good morning ayo what's get your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy I hope
everyone is having a fantastic amazing
blessed amazing blessed day
wolf you having a day I don't care today
we got a busy one okay we are going to
look at some cars today I also have to
look into buying some Secret Santa gifts
my family is having a secret say a knock
you pick the names yesterday I got my
name I can't say who it is because they
might watch this vlog but we're going to
the mall to figure out what they want we
have a spending limit so you can't buy
anything that's over that unless you
want to go crazy with the money but
we'll see how I feel at the mall today I
might need to ask a few people at the
mall like what I should even get like
I'm terrible at buying gifts unless the
person tells me what they want for
Christmas or what they want for their
birthday I just don't even know and then
I give up and then I end up buying them
a gift card okay
I don't ever buy gift can ever buy gift
cards I'd rather just get money to the
gift card I know I know we're doing man
I just don't know can you pick out my
present or you just bite me bye buddy
another day another so we're at the
Jaguar dealership with the Range Rovers
Sylvia is looking for a Jaguar right now
I'm looking at the Range Rovers I don't
know exactly what I'm gonna get yet but
there's a white one way out there as you
guys can see it's fresh I'm gonna get in
a different color like I'll get it
wrapped once I get it but this is the
one Sylvia is looking at meanne x/e
Jaguar this is a mean car the black rims
insides nice but she wants a beige
inside beige looks more expensive next
stop is Mercedes this the car was gonna
get I didn't end up getting it but
there's some wavy cars here so we're
gonna look at the SUV's for Sylvia and
see what she thinks of them guys I
almost got this car last time I was here
I test rover
this is the exact lip so it had the red
brakes but I had black rims actually but
it was blacked out black and red
interior which is sexy Mercedes oh my
god literally people buy Mercedes for
this just the plan the logo of this on
the front of your car how wavy is that I
didn't get that car though so don't
expect to see that car in the future
but you guys will see my new car soon
Sylvia is probably in a look at this
white one guys I'm in a car right now is
Sylvia she's driving and I actually have
a stupid amount of legroom in the back
which is very rare for me but this car
seems to have a nice amount of space for
me and Sylvia I can't see
you can't know you have to go up put
seat up yeah you can't do with the car
off oh yeah car shopping is fun guys
very fun look how nice these speakers
look on each side like Oh Sam they got
free chips at a car dealership
what I want cheeto puffs all dressed I
can I can get them thank you very much
I just like the aldress chip free food
Ryan you would love this place so guys
we just got back from car shopping
basically we found a couple nice options
nothing 100% yet but now we're just
having a little munch session and I'm
going to go back to my mom's house
because Dustin's filling a video there
Barney's album fill Mohammed Bongo we're
going back to my mom's house how to
leave this guy because we just left him
for like two hours and he was just going
off right I got to leave again by
whoopee so I just finished editing my
vlog at my mom's house and now I'm gonna
do something that Ryan doesn't it what
now I'm going to do something that are
you gonna interrupt me I'm gonna do
something that Ryan doesn't his vlogs he
calls it well count is way trivia so
you're gonna do some Wolfie trivia ready
mom I know everything will you how many
subscribers have on my main channel oh
my god four million almost a hundred
thousand okay
I'm past that you're not next welcome I
don't want a coffee right exactly Ryan
I'm copying you welcome to try leave
drew Fiat what what video did I drop two
videos ago so not this recent one not
the video before but the one before that
okay the last one was the candy canes
okay the one before that was the cotton
candy okay and then
the you know it yeah wonder for that you
have three seconds or bongo skills three
to the pressure one piece yeah a giant
RV its or beast it's over because it's
the or be video do you want Arby's
anymore you you didn't see that issue
Josh out to Bongo Bonga Zoe's you didn't
see that no well then you're not loyal
what do you mean giant war bees yeah
it's like a an or be just wasn't very
good that's all it wasn't it was
PewDiePie oh yeah okay guy so I
have to be quiet cuz Dustin's filming
over there with Bongo but I want to show
you guys why I don't really like cats
anymore officially hate cats Lionel I am
okay well if you already would have been
here
Lionel come here come here come on it's
guys like I hate you
I know come here cats don't listen I
don't like you anymore Lionel here I'll
put my vlog camera in there you can just
chill with it when a kid takes the
camera away
let him block I am Wow
he's vlogging hey what's up guys blowing
it for the day
Oh Heinz Lionel literally is cat sleeps
here cats are boring
comment down below cats or dogs are you
a cat person or a dog person I'm team
dog now I didn't ask
oh I almost team cat here let me throw
him he was on a spaceship right is it
way too much
team cats are team dogs what the hell no
no we're gonna go on and ask people no
right choice okay so you guys know what
time it is of the vlog it's your
favorite time we are gonna go on to
periscope and ask if people know Ryan
sways see how many we get today it's a
good show this might be a series guys
hit the like button if you want to see
this series every vlog because we cannot
least do one or two people
oh we did throw this raised nation so
major key guys you want to select all
copy so that you can just spam them all
so the question here it comes
yeah what she doesn't know can we get
someone who knows him another one my god
has anyone known right so he's though
not what what oh she's train station
let's go bust Beast
cheese sways nation huh nah it's just so
funny the top one so far was the black
guy a doctor bro ask if she knows Ryan
the tall one was some black dude was
like a frigate deep bass voice and he
stopped everything he was doing is like
no I do see curve you can answer it was
literally two people in the room we one
of them she didn't answer us okay this
is it third time's the charm
let's move to Los Angeles okay yeah that
battle it's like the younger people you
pick and if they're a girl the more
chance to have them knowing Ryan if they
don't know Ryan sways then we're getting
off for the day guys we need to do at
least three a day you heard it and that
is the end of this so this week's
episode of do you know Ryan sways no I
don't
FSO do five maybe next week we'll catch
someone that knows her head sways so
guys I leave in my house or going to the
boys house right now to figure out the
new year's plan but look at this I got
my hoodie and then I got a sweat shirt
under it or over it and then I got
another shirt then I got the goose cuz
it's a really cold night so I'm layering
that's what the cool kids call it these
days
layering how could she leave us here
whoopee how could she do that I don't
even know guys still they just left me
and Wolfie junior stranded outside of
Shoppers Drug Mart this girl is in
Shoppers Drug Mart no dogs allowed in
the store sadly so wolf is just barking
at everybody that walks by right now the
cops just drove past and they told me
that I need to move my car because I'm
blocking pedestrians and I saw them just
drive around the corner and like yell at
another guy so there's like literally
cops patrolling this parking lot yelling
at people me well if you don't know what
to do we're scared Wolfie anyways now we
just gotta wait it's a waiting game
Sylvia you got five minutes guys I
finally calmed the dog down huh
I didn't even calm down literally wolf
you're just asleep in my coat for like
the past five minutes
answer your damn phone Sylvia you're
right here where are you come on we're
breaking up you see this guy she's
curved me and now she's trying to call
me back where'd you park I was in
somebody else's cause oh my god I see
you we didn't go in a subway and get
water please the dog needs water we're
going back home right now let's go you
didn't get him water you filmed two
times that is how many times I played
myself in the last two days last night I
forgot my sweater at my mom's house so I
picked it up today and then I went to
the boy's house just now and then I
forgot it at the boy's house now it's
too late to go pick it up so I played
myself but I got that sweater when I was
in LA it was a pretty expensive sweater
for just being a sweater this is like
God telling me Wolfie you didn't you
didn't need that sorter so what are you
doing it so guys I have to talk to you
about something you know I like the past
couple vlogs I told you I'm gonna show
you my new car I've had my new car for
like literally like three weeks now and
I show my vlog basically everything that
happens in my life but the one problem
with my car right now this is bad news I
got the car I wanted to get black rims
on the car it didn't come with black
rims but the way I wanted to do it is
called powder coating the rims so
basically I sent the summer tires in to
go get them powder coated to get them
black while my car has the winter tires
on it and they're like a silver typical
Lake silver color and I've been trying
to call to see an update on the tires
because I want to put the summer tires
on just to show you what the car would
look like cuz when I bought the car I
had a vision of what I would look like
it's almost done but it's not quite
there yet so I'm pretty sure I'm gonna
get a call within like the next couple
days from the people that have my tires
right now giving me an update at least
on when those tires are ready and then
when those tires are ready I'm gonna go
back and swap my other time honestly
it's probably gonna be like another week
or so maybe a little longer than that it
sucks that I can't wear my summer tires
on my car because there's so much snow
here they don't like my car I can't even
drive it with the amount of snow that's
on the grounds right now so it's really
bad news I've been super excited to show
the wolf em what car I got but the way I
wanted to do it like how I envisioned my
car I don't think it's gonna be the
exact way that I wanted to show you guys
but it's still free nice car I mean you
guys will see it's a sick car that's all
I gotta say
so me me yeah man
Sylvia doesn't even have her car and
like we went car shopping once is girls
like yeah this girl's looking at a
Mercedes I think she should get a
Mercedes I'm pretty sure she you're
gonna get a Mercedes
you might get a Mercedes we were looking
at Range Rover Jaguar Mercedes didn't
bother going to BMW because she doesn't
really like those Porsche she didn't
really she doesn't really like it also I
think for her it's either between the
Mercedes the Range Rover is also a
Maserati she likes but the problem with
Maserati is there isn't a dealership
where we're from in Ottawa there's a
dealership in Toronto and a dealership
and Montreal which is like an hour and a
half two hours away so if she had to get
her car serviced or if her car broke
down or anything happened to her car
we'd have to go to Montreal or go to
Toronto I don't know I see Silvia a
Mercedes girl throwing the Mercedes are
you getting are you thinking about
getting hey guys I'm not sure then I
have it open on the front of it good
luck off yeah the backs nice just a cute
little girly car in white girl acute and
she's gonna get it if she gets it she's
gonna get it wrapped oh yeah you want
shown the inside is that that one beige
leather wow you have it up beige leather
guys beige leather Mercedes c300 beige
leather inside and she wants to get it
wrapped the car that I want I've got it
in a certain color but I knew I was
gonna get it wrapped in a certain color
which by the way I may have got it
wrapped already okay a lot of spoiler
alerts in this vlog but you guys are
freaking get amped this is gonna be a
banger you're gonna see it you're gonna
be like oh my god wolf he's a savage but
you already or leg will be de savage
they're gonna be like holy skies
are double savage this guy's more fabric
than any man on YouTube this guy's more
savage and wolfy junior wolfy jr. is not
savage compared to wolfy boom look at
infection what are you doing wolfy jr.
scares himself so he's automatically not
a savage wolf in a box didn't move the
box did not move come on get it why he's
so scared of the box coz this box fell
off this box when I threw the toy on it
he's so scared
he's like what is that it's not moving
come here you gotta face your fears okay
now my dog thinks a box is up together
like I always say guys you find yourself
a girlfriend or a boyfriend that doesn't
eat much food because then you have a
second meal later on when you're hungry
and it's the middle of the night and you
don't feel like going outside cuz it's
too cool to go get food and you're also
pretty lazy but yeah you just like
Chinese food that they ordered earlier
today trying to sell one like that life
hack 101 ninety seven point two in the
handbook of life hacks is just hack the
food what whose food whose food is where
I don't know what food okay guys time to
get some practice in I have been owing
you guys one video in one video in
particular I was supposed to do the
unspeakable cup trickshot video before I
never got around to it but basically if
you guys don't know what the unscalable
cup is it's a cup that you can hit both
ways push punch do whatever you want and
it's not going to spill because it has
like suction on the bottom but you can
lift it straight up so this is what the
bottom looks like it has a bit of
suction and I don't know exactly how the
weight is distributed in the bottom of
it but check this out like you can't
knock it over so I was going to do a
trickshot video I'm still gonna do a
trickshot video I have all the cups at
my house or all the Mighty Muggs at my
house but I'm gonna fill this one up
with a bit of water just to practice to
see if it is possible I just need to do
like a light flip oh my god literally
this thing is like I don't you
know Kay I'll do it on carpet first I'm
already making way too much noise maybe
if I start here and then I get the
technique down okay oh my god that's
loud and it already opened so they just
yelled at me and I'm spilling water
everywhere as you guys can see it popped
open this is gonna be a hard trick shot
video for sure okay guys so I was
messing around with it and I guess I
ripped out one of the key features which
is like the suction part of this side so
I'm trying to shove it back in and it's
not really going in right now so as you
guys can see I put it here and it's
spill Abul as soon as you take off the
suction aspect of it I guess it's just
very salable because what I did is I put
it here now I put it here and then I
twisted this all the way on its side and
it didn't feel like it's stuck on to
this like when I put it completely on
its side its
but then they started ripping off slowly
so honestly I'm just gonna take this off
completely you're not sleeping in bed
today no you're not
guy thinks he's gonna sleep in bed every
single time we go to bed no he's not
no he's not no he's not he's not
sleeping in bed so I'm sleeping a base
on sleeping in bed
I'm not space for three people two
humans in a dog and a puppy anyways guys
as you can see
comment down below what this is it's a
bed you got that answer a what do we do
in bed we sleep it bitch so I'm gonna
end the vlog off there I'm gonna try and
do something I've never tried doing the
quickest outro ever here we go three two
one go
if you guys enjoyed the video go down
smash that like button listed 25,000
likes like we always do on all the
videos also shout out to boom and I see
you on twitter and if you guys made it
to the very end of the vlog I want you
to comment something down below so I
know you made it in you're an active
wolf fam comment down below light bulb
light bulb shirt karma down with low
light bulb and I will see you guys do it
on more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more Samsung I mean channel and as
always stay safe
