good morning a yo whiskey that your boy
Wolfie welcome back tomorrow Wolfie hey
well if you're junior what are you doing
this guy's popping out of my coat right
now he went to bed in the Canada Goose
we woke up in the Canada Goose right now
Silvia is out picking up some mail but
she's coming back I think with some
snacks for me and Wolfie you know I told
you guys I am a last-second planner okay
well right now me and the boys are
trying to figure out what we are doing
for New Year's New Year's is a big day I
used to go to a bunch of different house
parties for New Year's but this year I
think we are gonna go get an Airbnb in
Toronto I'm 95% sure that's like the
motive that's what we want to do and
then turnout while we are down there
because honestly any excuse to get out
of Ottawa is a good excuse right now I
just got a confirm with Silvia when she
gets back home and then by tonight we
should have our plans basically
finalized so comment down below what you
guys are doing or what plans you have to
do for New Year's I want to know what my
wolf fam is up to on the big day when it
turns 2017 and you know if you're just
sitting at home watching YouTube that is
a good way to spend New Year's right
we'll see I've done that so many damn
times it alone in my room looks
incredible sup great times great times
if you guys know me you guys know I'm
all about my saving the environment hold
on let me open this window it's really
dark in this room right now oh oh boom
bad lighting go a hole shit that was
great like I was saying you guys know me
you know I'm all about saving the
environment you know I'm all about
recycling so today I'm gonna be
recycling the same shirt I wore
yesterday this cardigans comfy as fuck
it's cold outside you know you gotta
stay warm in your cardigan wolfy come
here come here what are you doing sit
down good boy good boy good boy
ah my dog he's just so good guys another
day at Walmart look at all the candy
canes I got literally I don't even know
how many packs there is yes go on
forever also got some chocolate milk
milk whipped cream supply shopping damn
going to my mom's house right now to
fill
don't tell her this but I'm just going
so that off to clean the mess afterwards
guys look at how messy the card section
is when it's snowy everywhere people
just threw their carts and they're like
hey I don't want to be on the cold
anymore get in the car get in the car
come on go go go okay guys so I have
some free food here at my parents house
I never eat in the morning so then I
come here and eat all their food also
all my supplies are ready to go I'm just
a little film Silvius throwing at me
it's another shot last video I know you
guys really wanted this one so many of
you guys friggin linked me to like
Instagram links and YouTube videos of
this so I got to do it for the wolf cam
we are doing candy cane shot glasses I
think it's gonna work pretty successful
I've seen a few failure videos but I've
also seen one that looked really dope so
I can just successfully do this the
thumbnails gonna be on whoa guys my mom
is now eating my after post DIY meal on
the camera she's like oh this is garbage
oh are you so healthy oh maybe yeah what
say that to the camp these are all
really love sugar-free chocolate milk we
just finished shooting my video it was
an absolute banger literally couldn't
have gone any better
and now Dustin's gonna film one of his
videos it might be the impossible task
not gonna tell you what it is but it is
gonna be insane when it's done I have to
edit my vlog might make Sylvia do it for
me right great
Sophia's gonna edit it for me so then I
can just talk to you guys face to face
what's up vlog not much saying I don't
know if I've ever told you guys this but
you guys know I'm the DIY God right well
check this out I'm about to make
something out of nothing
I'm about to make some magnetic slime
putty the most awesome epic DIY are you
ever gonna save your life son parents
are making food over here where we got
fish tacos
what are you got fish tacos no what do
we got what do we got you don't have
anything what do we got though nothing
what do we got over here nothing don't
got mom what do we got fish tacos guys
fish taco me but back to the V I wanna
check this out basically it's not our
son's birthday right now but I was just
like are they so comment happy birthday
Dustin guys look at this we're gonna
grab some typical dish soap put it in
there but it's not all about the dish
soap okay you're gonna add two giant
grapes throw them in there and then
we're gonna grab one tomato as well and
check this out guys this is going to
absolutely blow your mind guys three two
one look at this guys we just made our
own DIY magnetic putty slime this stuff
is so cool guys check this out I have a
magnet and if we take our magnet and we
put it in the slime it slowly gets
sucked up by this lime I'll give you a
side view of it this corners going into
the slime already okay I'm joking guys I
didn't forget make it I've got it in the
mail this came and I completely forgot I
bought this too literally when I did my
buying spree this is one of the things I
bought this is called Aaron's Thinking
Putty strange attractor super magnetic
you can tell how magnetic it is because
if we grab Oh see this is really in
there now guys really in there it
doesn't want to let go if we grab the
magnet literally sticks right oh shit
sticks right to it so super magnetic I'm
gonna open both apparently this stuff
never dries which is amazing but it's
just super magnetic Thinking Putty so
let's open the second pack very hard to
open but we got it and the magnet is in
the bottom of this one as well now we're
gonna get both magnets put them together
make a giant mountain and then see how
long it takes for the magnets to
disappear so guys I just made a ball of
the magnetic putty I have my magnet
right here and I'm just gonna place it
on top and then I'll tell you how long
it takes for it to sink down into the
putty
you know ten laps down
Oh
so check it out guys it has been about
seven minutes and it sunk this deep into
the party you saw I didn't even touch it
it goes fully in the putty but I didn't
feel like waiting cuz I'm very impatient
but look at this guy's this is
ridiculous
guys look how stretchy this party really
oh shit and it still hasn't broke I
can't work
see a fire combo and it's falling
everywhere if you see how funny
oh god it's getting too heavy oh alright
that's how far I can go remember I said
I didn't have a SIM card for my iPhone
that I'm trying to sell Silvia went to
Rogers and picked one up for me
yesterday
I know maybe today I didn't know I lost
track of the names but she got one for
me I got the phone right here and now we
are gonna pop it in just to see if we
can like actually get into the phone
because before I couldn't even get into
the phone well the SIM card so I got my
my new iPhone box right there I don't
know why but for some reason I always
keep like the box of every eyes when I
bought so look inside I haven't even
used these headphones at all I was so
cheese about the friggin new iPhone when
I bought it like I never expected to use
the the wireless headset because I have
like a Bose over your headset and
they're like the sound quality's just it
doesn't even match up but yeah look they
have a wire I was told it the friggin
wireless earbuds were supposed to be
there but when Apple dropped the phone
they didn't even have the wireless
earbuds out like what's up with that
Apple let's pop this SIM card out yay oh
my god that thing just flew this is the
key to success guys the key to success
is this little metal thing pop it open
drop that take that out the SIM card is
now in now you can place it in the phone
this phone is pretty new before I got
seven-plus so nothing should be wrong
with it and if something is wrong with
it then this is weird so okay now I can
just get past the Wi-Fi which is good
because we didn't want that it may take
a few minutes to activate your phone
okay this is way easier than it was
a sub card because you could get
location services okay disabled whatever
I don't care
touch ID setup later no I don't want to
do that right now I said later we are in
the new iPhone guys I have not seen it
this clean in so long literally there's
nothing on here no contacts while my
phone's dries out so guys Silvia wants
me to pour her some wine and spray and I
was just like yo I could mix it
regularly but why do that when I bought
something that it ok here it is well I
bought something that actually works
like for this type of shit like you can
make protein shakes whatever so I got my
tornado bottle back out and we're gonna
make a mix drink so guys we're gonna mix
in the wine right here we'll make it
extra strong because you know it's been
a long day so yeah
Sylvie's been stressed out today now
we're gonna grab our 7up this is what I
call a spritzer we're not actually we're
not making it too strong because I like
to see the full tornado so almost all of
that let the bubbles sink in cap it up
and then I'm pretty sure the carbonation
is gonna push the lid off I got one hand
in front of me today and I'm gonna make
it work let's click this tornado button
boom oh you can hear it oh oh my god oh
my god okay guys so oh it almost fucking
shut off this is not a good idea guys
just don't do this to be honest learn
from my mistakes I meant to do that it
was a life lesson guys we got boxes on
boxes on boxes on boxes we got the
monitor out we're about to do the setup
for Sylvia's room I might time-lapse
this part a bit just waiting on Sophia
to finish watching your TV show and eat
and then this guy's gonna help me set up
the room right it's gonna look nice
watch him start wagging his tail as soon
as I like say Wolfie hey good boy
oh he started wearing it and now he
jumps on yeah so guys forget the
time-lapse but check this out I just set
up the monitor with the camera so
basically I got the camera here just
with one simple cord you're about to see
what the camera is seeing hold up takes
a bit of time to load up but there you
go you can see now Wolfie juniors right
here Wolfie Wolfie Hey well if you look
at the camera look at the camera now
come and focus whoa
how dope is that he's like yeah that's
dope it's capturing whatever he's
looking at and look at that focus guys
look at
quality so we just got a new lens it's
insane now we're just gonna set up a few
more things and then her room basically
should be done but I'm not gonna show
the rest of it because it's her beauty
room and she's vlogging the rest of it
so I'm gonna vlog arrested all right you
guys know what it is another day another
bedtime late bedtime bedtime dead that I
don't know where I'm going with that
moon to bed I'm ending the vlog off
there I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
do not forget to go down and smash that
like button
twenty-five thousand likes wolf em you
already know what it is so go to a smash
that like button if you haven't already
also boom shout out to you Aidan on
Twitter the Twitter game strong your
activist fuck so shout out to you and
lastly if you guys made it to the very
end of the vlog I want you to comment
this down below so I know you are an
active wolf AM and you stayed to the
very end of the vlog so comment down
below Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer
because we're in the Christmas season I
mean check out these fucking decorations
and this has another dude cuz but those
have something to do with Christmas
Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
in my main channel and as always stay
savage lag on
