good morning ayo what city to where
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie today
is probably one of the busiest days that
I've had in a while it is very early I
barely got any sleep last night I mean
some of you guys probably wouldn't
consider 7:27 early in the morning but
for me 7:27 is a record like I haven't
woken up that early in honestly I can't
remember so me and Silvia have a bunch
of stuff to do but we're gonna kick off
the day with breakfast you don't know
where we're going though
you'll see our you saw IR you looked it
up guys we have the destination or I
picked out a destination where yeah
that's it I would show you Silvia but
she's getting changed behind the camera
I can't show you just because people are
like oh why actually showing Sylvia
Sylvia is vlogging today too because
there's such a busy day ahead of us we
thought why not both people vlog so the
first stop of the day is to take this
little guy Wolfie jr. to my mom's house
because we're not gonna leave him here
all day by himself he's gonna have some
company he's gonna hold my sister and
goes my mom for her hey whoopee
sit sit sit please for the cameras it
all right he doesn't care whoopee listen
to the camera why while I'm going off
Wi-Fi I'm going to guys I gotta get
Wolfie jr. ready so that he can be good
when he goes to meet my mom so we got to
put him on a leash silly about him like
a new goose looking jacket he has this
one now and he has the red one so just
in case you gotta get your dog some
puppy angel clothes okay guys your
doggies got more swag than you is
closing to be more expense in the years
I think his jacket is more expensive
than mine so Wolfie come in good boy oh
shit Jesus Christ
ah hey hey stop moving there guys
apparently this jackets a little big but
it I have to do the trick because it's
nice and cold outside and this guy's
gonna get frostbite if he does not have
a jacket on the last step is putting the
leash on let's roll let's roll show the
vlog how fresh you are buddy show them
how fresh you are goddamn this dude's a
model okay you don't need to buy me you
really don't need to buy me shoulder my
pressure he just wants to forget about
me all the time guys he literally just
wants to break me just arrived at the
gym Sylvia is now handing the dog off to
my mom hurry up Celia
this guy literally Wolfie jr. would not
go pee and poop outside because the
ground was so damn cold so we're just
arriving at the breakfast spot Gabriel's
pizza and restaurant like I said it is a
pizza spot but they also have really
really good breakfast in the morning
it's Matt early it's literally negative
like 27 or some degrees outside
feels like negative 30 legit looks like
I'm smoking right now I got my friggin
breath check out this food all I gotta
say is look at how healthy this is cuz I
got kale and get tomatoes last time but
I know Silvia likes it so she got her
fruit bowl so she wouldn't mind tomatoes
are a fruit so you wouldn't mind the
fruits on the side got my bread and guys
this is just the beginning I didn't even
get my french toast yet so let's see if
we can actually finish it today so many
bacon strips bacon strips success guys I
finish it I beat the plate alright guys
we are good on time so far the next stop
is to drop off or no not drop off but my
old phone is here I have the 7 plus as
you guys see in my blogs these days but
I used to have a 6s and I'm gonna sell
it but when you're selling a phone it
makes it 10 times easier when the phones
unlock so I'm about to unlock it
apparently you can do that for like 50
bucks or some shit at the phone company
that you got it from so I'm going to do
that and then hopefully sell this in the
next week I completely forgot I had it
so why not make a quick couple beans off
the phone the store opens at 9:30 its
928 I don't know where it is in the mall
but we want to get here as soon as it
opens so
now I just gotta find the story we are
arriving at the mall literally just as
stores are opening you can hear the
crackling of like every gate of the main
entrance of every store okay they
haven't opened yet
they're running under making times
really but everywhere else is open what
the hell is a Walmart here get close the
target that used to be in this mall and
turn it into a Walmart how did I not
know about this I live in Ottawa
egg-white right and save your money
all right we're leaving Rogers already
apparently they can't do anything
there's no one in the store but the guy
just told me everything has to be done
through tech support so I can't go to
this phone until I unlock it but I got a
call in tech support myself I don't know
why half these stores like work online
and then like the people in the store
can only do so much is it going
Stephanie it did good so I just would
like to unlock that and I understand
this like a $50 teen yeah and I have the
have the IMEI I think that's a uni great
take it
keep the cut guys I just got my quick
pass haircut and now I'm looking fresh
both me and Sylvie are vlogging what
we're heading into NCIX
this girl needs to pick up a monitor for
her basically when you're filming makeup
videos we only have like the little
viewfinder on the side of the camera so
that you can see yourself but when you
need to see yourself really close for
makeup videos it doesn't make sense to
just have that small viewfinder so she's
getting a bigger screen basically just
another computer monitor as if I don't
have enough already but we're gonna come
out hopefully with something here guys
my monitor is currently being on sale
209 I think I have five of these at my
house right now this exact monitor BenQ
actually no it might not be that one
Sofia found her monitor and I think
we're good to go now
hers are more expensive than mine double
the price for those of you interested I
think this is the mouse that I'm using
on my new PC so if you want to have the
same one as Wolfie get this one I'm not
getting paid for this and then this is
the mouse or did I say mouse no this is
the keyboard this is a keyboard I'm
using this corsair gaming keyboard and
then this is the mouse that I'm using
which grips to your hand perfectly and
then it has this as a feature so
basically you can unlock and roll and
roll and roll and roll but then you can
lock it so it goes like this I don't
know anything about computers Chris did
it all for me but I found it in the
store so I was like why not they were
let me drive real quick oh sure he's
letting me out already
no okay here we go guys gas
oh shit we're flying we're out of
control guys we're crashing we're
crashing we're crashing
maybe I'm 360 and guys I crashed I
literally just crashed holy shit I need
a reverse oh shit we're driving standard
okay bless let's go okay nope we're
still driving in the wall little do you
guys know I used to drive a manual car
have you ever played a video game before
I'm good at racing games is not on this
I should I got reason model shift oh my
god paddle shifting is not working
second gear go watch this turn guys
third gear okay slow down go to second
all right
don't break it guys in control stay in
control awaiting me now we're
accelerating the course I can ride it
out third let's get it fourth you're
stay on the inside cut this corner and
stay on the track we're gone oh all
right
you don't go out of control go into
third second guys we're at the mall now
and I just am in a store I found this
thing called the clapper look at this
thing you can clap on and clap off your
lights because this thing doesn't turn
on until you clap and then it doesn't
turn off until you clap so if you don't
want to actually get the whole shebang
you can just get this little socket this
outlet looking ass guys so I decided we
need to buy wolfy jr. buddy we're
looking for a new dog right now I'm
pretty sure we're gonna get these your
keys up here candy and cane candy and
came to the cutest ones in the store by
far these guys are big these guys are
way too big I like dogs but if you're
gonna buy a dog that's already like
grown up I don't agree with that you
gotta buy it from puppy stage hey guys
so this is the necklace that we are
looking to return well not looking to
return it's a plain gold chain this
shiny af it's nice for sure for sure
nice but apparently it's going to cost
400 extra dollars just to extend it a
bit so at that point it's just like okay
fuck it's just a gold chain I don't
really care about it that much and it
was already very pricy I'm not gonna say
how much but it was pricey so we are oh
here's a jewelry spot we're down at this
mall right now and we are just looking
for the next gold necklace I mean we'll
see if they have anything so we got
people's right there
I got Jubilee fine jewelers just I only
know that place because there's so many
like commercials about them we're
probably gonna go into both and then I
don't know there might be more stores up
at the upper levels there's like three
levels between this mall so we're just
going to check out everything kay guys
so these are basically the selection of
different types of chains that they have
right now I have something along the
lines of this it's pretty basic but it's
gold but this is the one I'm switching
to I think I'm gonna get the gold this
one yeah this one okay on the vlog it
looks closer
this one this one second left so guys
this is the chain I'm finally going with
right now it's a bracelet
and a chain together but they're gonna
mold it together or they're gonna what
is it's melt solder solder they're going
to solder it together and then
everything's going to be good should be
ready in a few weeks but this is what
the final product is looking like you
needed an extra long ones yeah I do any
next a long one and then this is the one
we're not gonna be wearing anymore sadly
thanks anyway so here it is again guys
my mom is posting pictures of my dog for
the 20th day in a row why are his eyes
so dirty I don't know we literally
showered him last night every time we
bring my dog to my mom's house this guy
is so dirty when he leaves he wasn't
even been there for like ten hours yet
he looks so good and this is his I
already she let him play outside Tom
Meighan Frank who dirtied my dog right
whoopee Tigers hey Dee what army buddy
what about me let your dad you just
label me you never member okay hi hey
Wolfie so guys I'm back at my parents
house and for some reason I don't know
why like I don't know where my ornament
is on the tree it's gone and I
definitely put it there at last time
before I left so it must be somewhere
around here
oh there it is mom what stop who took my
shit down don't ever disrespect my shit
again why is it literally sitting in the
side room for nobody to respect
put some respect on my damn shit I told
you guys the tree is way better now
Dustin said it actually looks nice no
yeah you did he said the big one was
nice no he actually said yo Charlie
friggin it was nice so what's our lunch
hey I got no Angela alright so Rudy you
want to see the vlog come here
come see the vlog go see the vlog come
here Chrissy look who see no vlog
because they put me in the goose I'm
warm oh he's trying to get in it
actually
mom tell the vlog you didn't know what
bougie was guys she's like what's a
bougie she said can I get the language
of origin of a bougie
yeah you did don't lie to the cameras on
you said she's like what is a bougie
haha she thought it was like a booger
position what stop wait mom's 2016
alright guys so we just got back to the
house we have literally been like
scrambling to go different places all
day it's 4:30 though usually I'm not
this productive with real life unless it
involves filming and that I could be
productive but today was a real life day
so we did a bunch of different errands
and now all I have to do for the rest of
the day basically is just edit my vlog
so imma do that really quick so that I
can go and kick back with the boys later
or my mom said she wants us to come back
later to demolish her tree again so
we'll see where the night takes us guys
there's one problem with this old iPhone
that I'm trying to get rid of
desperately right now I absolutely
played myself the other day basically I
had an extra SIM card for like the
longest time and then we just did
garbage like last week and I threw it
out because I was like yo I'm never
gonna use this again I don't need it
what's this extra SIM card doing just
sitting around and I know it's pretty
easy to go get another SIM card I really
just have to go to the store but now I
have to go back out in the blistering
cold pick it up even though I'm not
selling the phone today you know I might
not do it today but I got I still do it
I should have known that there was no
SIM card in that phone like literally
you can't even get past the first option
without having a SIM card like the phone
doesn't even work without the SIM card
so everyone in this vlog I want you guys
to comment down below in the comments
Wolfie you played yourself because I did
play myself today I'll admit it first
okay I played myself but one problem we
always have in this house is buying
things from the grocery store and never
finishing them so every time I open my
fridge I see something and it kind
me I mean I don't know if coke goes bad
but I'm gonna get rid of this coke
because that's been there for a while
but look at these I completely forgot
that I ordered these but a while ago I
ordered these like weird soda flavors so
basically I got ranch dressing soda yeah
sweet corn soda I don't know why they
invent these types of soda but I'm going
to taste them a to taste them on camera
because I actually want to know what
they taste like but B because I want to
kind of clear out my fridge being clean
helps me feel more productive and I get
more work done when I'm clean so just
the fact that my fridge is not the most
clean thing right now is throwing me off
so I'm cleaning these out so the flavors
we have are pumpkin pie peanut butter
and jelly soda bacon flavored soda I
don't know what that's gonna taste like
buffalo wing soda so some hot wings
ranch dressing soda and then sweet corn
soda honestly I just said I was gonna
throw the coca-cola out but this is like
the default soda so I'm gonna put these
up against the regular soda and see
which ones I like better honestly all of
the flavors kind of sound a little weird
but I'm a little weird so maybe you know
we'll mix up a bit and maybe they'll
taste really good so here we go let's
try them out okay so taste test Wolfie
is in effect do I have a bottle opener
oh there's our house not a bottle opener
we don't have a bottle guy says this can
opener just can opener let's see if a
can opener works on the bottom this
would be convenient if this part of the
can opener was a bottle opener in some
way and if it is then I'm gonna look
like an idiot when I can't figure it out
and do these work probably not to be
honest that's why they're called can
openers are not bottle openers so how do
you open a bottle without a bottle
opener checking my sauces okay ten ways
to open a bottle without a bottle opener
okay so we got wikiHow wikiHow you know
is always good so this guy's popping it
off with his finger guys he is popping
it off with his finger hurt his thumb
like it's just like yeah it's nothing
scissors see weird I happen to have what
the hell but what is happening right now
the world is out to get me and I put
them on backwards okay this is so it's
like okay the easiest method is using a
pair of scissors strong scissors then
it's like using a spoon is bigger and
better
it's like wikiHow decide which is the
easiest way and then tell me because I
have you know I got
goons in front of me - so which way am I
gonna do how do i I can already sense me
cutting myself so I ended up going with
a lighter basically the lighter is like
the fourth one it told me to do and I've
done it with a lighter I think before so
if I just hold it like this by the cap
jam this in between here I should be
able to I should be able to you heard
that okay I heard the fizz no okay guys
so it turns out I'm back and I just want
to let you guys know that before I tell
you something I just need you to trust
me a bit your boys know I just bit my
tongue Oh
oh my god this taste test sucks all
right like I was saying before I tell
you this just okay don't think any less
of me but they're twist-off okay okay
let twist-off nobody freak out their
twist off but now that that's all let's
taste them up okay guys so basically I'm
gonna be closing my eyes I'm gonna put
my hat in front of my face all I need to
do is guess what flavor is each flavor
uh yeah okay I could have explained that
better but I'm gonna leave it in anyway
so basically Sylvia's gonna pull them
back she's gonna switch the order of
them around and hand them to me one at a
time I kind of have an idea because I
ordered them but at the same time I
literally forgot every flavor that I
said but I'm sure if I taste it I'll be
able to know what it is okay I'm not
gonna smell it I'm just going right into
it I don't know that could have been
bacon Hey okay peanut butter jelly yeah
what do you mean what flavor can't just
keep guessing is that root beer I'm not
telling you tastes like root beer you
can't keep guessing them all how do you
want to do this okay just tell me what
it was but then you're gonna be able to
guess the other ones yeah but that's
just me playing against myself okay okay
it's the pumpkin spice what pumpkin pie
okay that one's not bad either it's not
like pumpkin pie I know but I was trying
to narrow it down I completely forgot
that I got bump goodbye that was like
the only one I was actually you have to
try cheese I'm just gonna get worse from
here oh my god oh so bad oh my what is
that it smells like it my breath is so
bad once you go blindfolded
you just get you panic I'm in panic mode
I need another drink
Oh God
why would you do that I want gone
Ranch Dressing weird up ranch yeah now
you can tell no you can't no it smells
like I get Ranch on everything anymore
god that smells absolutely disgust what
do you mean it doesn't actually taste
like ranch dressing that's for sure
no smell test go that was worse huh I
literally bought these and I just
explained them a minute ago on my blog
and I don't even remember what I got
this is embarrassing guys you haven't
gotten any so far come on you really
like to eat these cookies are you dumb
did you even get one with cookies no why
are you guessing cookies this is like
your favorite thing to eat wings yes
it's the wing soda okay that one wasn't
buffalo wings it is okay guys I'll tell
you this it tasted nothing like buffalo
wings but buffalo wings are nice you
might even get them tonight well that's
not a point that's a point I gave you
the hidden go on feeling a buffalo the
more I wait it's like Adelaide
Advertiser
oh my goodness I don't remember what I
bought corn no and you can't keep
guessing all of them you keep guessing
corn I think they're all corner sweet I
don't know peanut butter yeah jelly yeah
you know better jelly I already had
ranch dressing and buffalo wings those
are the ones I was not looking forward
to it can't get much worse than this
corn finally that one is so corny
yeah oh my god if I get it if I gave you
that first you probably will that tastes
like a corn like corn on the cob
usually with butter you smells exactly
like corn if that one okay I will give
it to them
that is a classic corn yeah that one's
like by the way that cooks the cokes in
the game too
so you can just throw that in whenever
you want okay just do it you can't even
solve ha ha oh my god bacon yeah
bacon
bacon that's that that's that ik making
so bad all that's so bad you smell so
bad
I need Coke it doesn't smell like big
bacon Hulk you got it yes I buy it
alright guys so as you can see I got
like probably 0 out of 1 2 3 4 5 6 0 out
of 6
not a bad score will round it up to a
hundred percent I did pretty good I wish
I could finish this but this needs to go
the bacon needs to go somebody please
tell me is it normal okay is it normal
that I can see my breath in my own car
let me repeat that I can see my breath
in my car why can I see my breath in my
car somebody tell me that like Ray told
me that like can't even get away from
the cold in my own car with the heat on
full blast oh my god hey I'm cheesed my
freaking breath barely even shows on the
camera it's here so you guys know I'm on
a bit of a diet but check this out right
now I am actually ordering Domino's
Pizza for Shaun and DJ I'm not having
one slice I told them you know like it
was a it was a housewarming gift for
them even though I moved in months ago
so shout out to Shaun of course wrote
anything for you bro I was on a budget I
was on a budget another pizza line okay
you know what yeah Oh straight it I'm
actually on top of the one he's getting
himself right now do you mean another
what do you what do you be though what
do you mean brothers are all four you
know he was cuz he was like he was
ordering a whole thing for himself he's
getting us a lifetime is this guy's up
for me to meet I think you're there I
got them for you guys
I wasn't yes weird yeah it's weird guys
that's definitely weird that every one
of those no no no oh there we go it is
out for delivery it just beeped there
this is a live tracking system guys
track your orders okay
save your money track your orders as
Ryan would say or just don't have any
orders you're broke you can't get one
order anyways guys I'm ordering pizza
for the squad and we're gonna munch out
because you know what we're all having a
bit of an editing session I mean me and
DJ at least Sean's fucking I'm editing
right now explain to you Stefan to show
them definitely no yeah they would are
you editing with an Xbox controller ps4
controller shout out to Domino's Khalil
is now on the way with our pizza bitch
and if he doesn't get you oh fuck you
jelly love girls here go over here at
6:00 no he left the store at 6:52 he'll
be here at 7:00 I don't know one over
here hopefully gets here soon oh here
you go boys
Pizza hey I'm on Wolfie there you go you
know let's go No look at this mall bro
oh this what I'm look at this goal so
what you got I mean these edits that I'm
doing look what this great goal but
based on size it no he's not on both all
of them cuz before before you turn
unless every these ones were for you no
no no what I meant was seeing one this
hood is all yours
this is Shawn's and DJ's said you are
the one with oh fuck I forgot to order
the chicken wings so DJ won't eat then I
guess he just won't eat the chicken
you're the chicken warm water you could
see if he pisses him he looks away to be
oh I've been yelling at these guys to
another going back at me and they
fucking a little shock shake my face
what I wasn't gonna put on your face
gonna put your hands in still oh my god
I look turn damn I shouldn't get put up
blush on ya warranty on this jelly whoa
what say that I'm getting you've logged
footage gonna burn though you told me
you don't have enough here today so I'm
getting you boy footage hey I never said
that
yep warranty I don't want to if you
light on fire by you playing my bad
honestly guys I'm not gonna lie to you
right now it feels late as hell it's
only 12 46 at night which is late yeah
it's late to a regular person but I stay
up till like 3:30 every single night so
to me it's pretty damn early but because
we woke up so early it's starting to
catch up to me and I think I'm gonna
pass out with him like the next half an
hour but for now your boy has a few
things that he wants to do first of all
I gotta put on my go I go I just said my
goal my goal
I'm the goal gotta put on my goose it's
chilly in this house honestly and I
can't wait for the heat to go up but I
gotta put on my goose I might fall
asleep in this goose I'm in love with my
goose anyway Silvia and wolfy jr. are
over in bed passed though they went to
read Matt early I don't think I sleep
enough to be honest and I think that's a
little bit of a problem I mean it has
its benefits but at the same time to
trade off you get more work done but I
mean you can sit in your bed oh my god
sitting in bed and like just lurking
your phone is like the funnest shit to
do in the morning so I need more of that
time so I'm looking through some of the
comments on yesterday's vlog and as you
guys can see there is a lot of ones
which is surprising but at the same time
there is a couple tools in there so some
people are saying they got unsubscribed
there is some twos another to another to
a lot of ones though if I had to give a
percentage to the people who said that
everything is normal
maybe it's just as I got a lot of active
subscribers on this account like this is
a
more personal account where you guys get
to know me a lot better so the people on
this account are the people that usually
come back every single day to watch my
videos so that's why it is a bit
understandable why there is a lot of
ones maybe there's no issue just because
people just come back every day and they
don't realize that there is a problem
but there is a surprising amount of twos
and I actually talked to a few people
today about the YouTube issue nobody
seems to know 100% like what's going on
there's just a whole bunch of guesses in
the air or so as of right now there is
no final answer on what's going on with
you two but I'm praying that within at
least by new year maybe as new year or
maybe as a Christmas gift YouTube just
wants to fix itself so we can get rid of
all those twos imagine if everything was
just back to how it was and you got my
notification for a video as soon as it
dropped
nobody was unsubscribed no issues happy
because guess what when I woke up this
morning and this is the last thing I'm
gonna say about this whole issue because
I don't want to keep talking about it
but when I woke up this morning I had
gotten a lot of tweets and I was like
okay I don't get that many tweets in the
morning like I get a decent amount of
tweets like overnight because people
live in different time zones or whatever
but honestly I was getting like an
abnormal amount of tweets in the morning
and guess what every single tweet was
there was so many people getting
notified that I posted my video at 4:20
a.m. they don't believe me check this
out I have my post notifications turned
on myself just to make sure that videos
actually get sent out to the people that
have the notifications on and actually
show up in sub boxes but look at the
time on this email wolf your apps just
uploaded a video yesterday at 4:20 a.m.
I think I posted that video at like 8
p.m. so 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 and then 4 20
so basically that's 8 hours and 20
minutes before they were sent out to the
sub boxes but YouTube says that the
videos I sent out within 30 seconds
after you post a video but I mean that's
none of my business that's just proof I
showed you guys right there and trust me
this is not the only time it's happen
but it is what it is I'm just gonna keep
dropping heat for you guys no matter
what sub boxes can be broken whatever
happens I'm dropped from fire all day
every day because I love this shit and
on that note okay that was a terrible
like segue transition but on that note
I'm gonna end the vlog off there
tomorrow is a crazy crazy film day so I
gotta get a good night's rest for that
so I can be extra hyper tomorrow when I
wake up shout out of the day goes to
boom Jordan I see
all of my Twitter thank you so much also
guys check out how far I am away from
myself right now my arm is extra long
right now I'm joking guys I'm using I'm
using a tripod also if you guys enjoyed
the vlog make sure to go down smash that
like button we hit twenty five thousand
likes on every single one of my blog so
let's go smash those bugs and lastly if
you guys made it to the very end of the
blog I want you to comment something so
I know you're an active wolf and you
didn't skip the vlog at all so comment
down below Santa is coming that's it
Santa is coming I will see you guys are
more wolfy will we stay a little bit
more savage on my main channel and as
always stay savage Lego
