good morning a yo what's gonna see where
we'll be welcome back to more wolfy
I'm currently chewing on my cheese pie
that Bongo brought to my house in the
morning good friend good friend right
now I am at Best Buy with David and he
is TV hunting looking for a new TV
we're in the big screen section because
you already know what it is
gotta get that 4k Ultra HD 60 s HD smart
TV okay that was related time to Stuart
tongue twister good looking for a TV I'm
not looking for a TV okay guys so we got
a TV and now we are at train yards Mall
in Ottawa it's like an outlet mall but
I'm only here to go pick up a few
supplies not supplies I'm so used to
saying supplies I'm here to pick up a
few groceries we don't have any food in
our house we haven't had in the longest
time in Silvia it just reminded me that
I need to pick up a few things there's a
Walmart around the corner over there so
i'ma go there well actually I'm gonna go
with David wherever he's going first so
guys the basics for every house the only
thing she asked for essentially for
everything bagel she loves these things
David want some eggnog because I don't
know the David's addicted to like
Christmas and like egg not anything
having to do with Christmas he gets and
then 2% milk you already know I was a
skim milk Mon this is the stuff I used
to drink throwing up as a kid the stuff
that's basically white water in bags yes
in Canada we have bags David's coming
back with a cream cheese apparently just
like I'll take my recommendation I'll
bring you something nice so let's see
what he's gonna bring me it's going to
be a troll
yo which broke man unbox these shrimp in
Walmart and started feasting that's all
I want to know guys
oh my god oh my god now it's gonna look
like I did it I didn't do it I didn't do
it you couldn't find it cream cheese we
couldn't find I think it's just cuz
we're at Walmart but this is the one
that still they always goes with if you
guys need a cream cheese and it
philadelphi wants a sponsor who I'm
always looking for sponsorships so what
is that regular nine you know be regular
to try
yes yes which one is the one which is
with the side tribe whip try I'll go to
regular chat not wit shot we're going
with this one light or regular urban
garlic changing chive and onion
what is chive roll I mean this is hell
smoked salmon don't listen to David on
anything he's always extra we get the
basics guys you get the basics not know
smoked salmon you can get that from me
ash I can get that right here what are
you doing get it by your friends chives
Ryan I know you're watching the vlog 97
cents for some chips right now man 97
cents bro we got dill pickle what do you
want regular aldress ryan loves chip
deals okay I told you every time we're
in Loblaws looks for chip deals deals
chip feels you know what for Ryan this
is for Ryan Ryan grand my heart man Ryan
it's for Lyon let's roll impulse buy
guys a tornado bottle I have no clue
what this is but I'm buying it anyways
I'm going to test that when I get back
okay so the first one can we get a spicy
chicken Caesar salad full size please
with extra lettuce if that's possible on
a diet is it possible to get extra
lettuce or no like it just is it
possible to get a bit of extra lettuce
or no okay guys shut up - Jonathan at
Wendy's for hooking it up extra extra
lettuce I told him to do extra lettuce
as you guys can see the lettuce just
pretty much the same as every other
salad but he said extra lettuce so I'm
gonna believe him you know Johnny is a
really nice guy so thank you again
Johnny for all the extra lettuce means a
lot on a diet you know that will but
guys we're about to film the first video
of the day my video were filming first
David's video with filming second
because there were reason for that I
might be slightly intoxicated in the
second one even though
you'll see is what love might be a
little drunk at this Lodge my video
uh if you guys didn't know by what I was
talking about in Walmart the other day
basically I'm gonna see how big I can
make this cotton candy I have a bunch of
bristol board where's the bristol board
somewhere where did it go oh right here
so I got a bunch of bristol board there
I got literally all my cotton candy
mixes these things are heavy ok there's
mad grams in each of these packages each
of these weighs three point two five
pounds I barely use any of it in my past
video so basically we got it all we're
gonna put it all in here in this machine
the clean machine now that's clean then
I cleaned out the other day and we're
gonna see how big we can make it just
finished shooting my video this thing
needs another nice clean luckily it's
just sugar no cheese oh yeah when that
cleans up after you yeah that was also a
guys Sylvia cleaned up everything
David literally sat in this chair looked
at her and now he's just sweeping
nothing guys i okay you can stop
spraying my feet my feet don't need a
wash
my laptop's here my back books here
wolfy jr. was such a good boy while we
were filming so I just gotta keep him in
there for like five more minutes cuz
this guy was eating cotton candy but the
video went that's all I gotta say oh god
are you spilling so much water is it
dirty I think you're this guy's dirtying
it more we're gonna clean everything and
then we're gonna take like a five-minute
break in between mine and David's video
suck my dick with plates on my video
what anyways guys it wouldn't be a wolfy
video without the kitchen being an
absolute disaster so it's pretty much a
disaster right now look at this cotton
candy built up we use the stupid amount
stupid amount K so everything's finally
clean guys we're just going to David's
house quickly because his is a Christmas
video we need Christmas hats and Sylvia
has a sequined Christmas hat for me to
wear but I'm not gonna wear that one
it's a little girly I need to look a
little more manly where did David go I
don't feel safe huh he's not mad are ya
how can I help you I hate this guy the
troll continues time to pick up the damn
hats and then start the filming k so
we're finally back and we're about to
film David's video he brought me a
Christmas sweater some Santa thing hold
on I'll show you what it looks like
hopefully this Christmas sweater fits
for this Christmas throw over oh we're
good meet Santa Wolfie right now so now
that I look very festive actually not
that festive the arms are a little bit
short what oh I can't wear my hat
you gotta wear Christmas hat too guys I
gotta wear Christmas hat put this bad
boy on and it doesn't really fit over my
ears but every time when I got my
Christmas hat and my Christmas outfit
guys so we're halfway through the video
that's David's camera right now I've
just been pulling some bad bad cards bad
cards guys anyways we're looking for
supplies so I thought I'd just update
you guys on how it's going yeah we're
looking for supplies it know what I just
could cut the camera off well I should
okay bye we're gonna go to David's house
now he's gonna set up his TV and while
he's doing that I'm gonna edit my vlog
but before we go to his house I wanted
to try out this thing that I bought at
Walmart literally had no clue it was it
says it's the tornado bottle so
apparently this thing makes a tornado in
a drink which is cool as like you
guys just saw I made like the instant
iced drink and it was dope as hell so
this thing it says it has an anti
spillage vortex mixing system high
torque detachable motor take it to the
gym officer school fits in bags purses
and cup holders but what can it make
that's all I care about I don't really
care what it really has I just want to
know what it can make so it can make
coffee and tea protein shake so it just
mixes it up juices cocktails baby
formula chocolate milk sauces and you
can even make like salad dressings and
vinaigrette to this so this is what it
looks like guys I just put the triple-a
batteries in that we're not included by
the way didn't even say what batteries I
needed on the pack but this is what
happens as you guys can see I click the
button and this thing on the bottom
spins very very very fast so I'm just
gonna rinse it out really quick and then
I'm gonna make a drink so as you can see
guys I put some water in this this is
what it looks like right now but I'm
gonna give you a nice view on what it
looks like when I turn the tornado
feature on please actually make it so I
turned it Oh ro that's disgusting
instantly makes the tornado in the
bottle how cool is that guys this is
like
maybe a german i give me your drink
Yakko
I've coke Urim make me ironic oh I'm
about to meet David a rum and coke
because you know why I got to put this
to the test if I turn it on its side
there's no tornado but if I put it
vertically as you can see the tornado
begins again that is the coolest thing
in the world when you're making a rum
and coke basically you want to grab your
coke we're gonna make this really not
strong so it's gonna be it's going to
taste a really light coat at the end of
it we're gonna grab the coke toss it in
here see how high we can get now we're
gonna grab the rum guys this is as you
can see floor the cannot Florida canal
Florida canna and they whole classic oh
I love it I spilled some but it's all
there bro saw there and to be honest
this is gonna be a really light drink
hold on
shove in the pit for Christmas okay yeah
David's outfit psych we're gonna put all
the coke in it just because I wanted to
fill up to the very top so we can see
the full tornado potential and they
could I give yourself a lit oh turn up
turn up turn up turn up this is amazing
that is me but I'm gonna turn it off but
you have to clean up every time you
naked Jen oh no no no as soon as you put
it on instantly I felt the fizz going up
and it pushed against my hand and tried
pushing it up bro I didn't turn it off
you didn't turn off so here's your drink
Oh is your drink actually rate this wait
how much did you pay for this I don't
know baby
no there you could have done with a
knife or a spoon but this is cooler at
the end of the day bartender wolfies
here for you
sorry no ice cubes oh you know what you
don't get ice cubes I was gonna give you
some of these oh you don't have any
extra ice nah nah cuz those are for my
videos okay
nah this - uh yeah I'm just gonna see
this in me but you can't already so just
rate it out of 10 so how does it taste
ah that's pretty good okay ten wrong so
I've been editing my vlog for like the
past like 40 minutes right now I'm at
David's house right now editing it we're
both extremely hungry like we barely
eaten too much food today all I had was
that one salad because you know that
David that Wolfie we're both on crazy
diets like all we eat is greens like
it's just it's crazy these days what the
problem is I want to go get food now
like I'm almost done my vlog and David's
been putting his TV together for like
the past three and a half hours and it's
like geez grow like let's just go get
the food at this point like come on bro
I put the put the thing together you
hate cheesy me TVs come set up and this
guy just has to make the stand is taking
him five and nine quarters hours
literally it's just the stand of the TV
guys I live it when I moved into my new
house I put it together in five minutes
Oh a day back to that long it took me
two days minute yeah you don't have a
screwdriver oh happen actually be
true that is to say he watches the vlogs
but Samsung when I read new we go is why
I'm facetiming so theater has the friend
that we got by the way what I needed a
screech on her what do you think I used
God this guy has his little gadget there
is keychain I like to call the keychain
and everything is on it you guys know
what I was Swiss Army knife ripoff
things
Silvia's mid filming right here we go
call SG huh calling SG red-hot do it for
vlog guys I'm gonna call David Evan if I
didn't buy a Samsung you take another
shot
all right les but no you got one how do
you know were you okay never mind right
all right guys see you later so I'm
headed to the boys house right now jad
has some pretty big news so I gotta show
up and congratulate him on that but I
didn't expect it to be this cold outside
today guys okay there's a lot of snow on
the ground and the snow is really light
so usually on days like this the snows
definitely bearable I mean yeah it is
cold but like you can go outside and
have a coat on and be fine but no word
of a lie guys I just spent five minutes
wiping the snow off my car and in that
five minutes my hands feel like they
have frostbite is that a cat running
across the road stop why is there a cat
outside at this time guys where's the
cat go where'd the guy go you can see
the cat is on this path guys it's behind
the snowbank why is there Ketel side why
oh my god there should not be a cat
outside right now it's too cold to be
outside I don't know if that cats lost I
don't know if it knows where it's home
is but I hope it finds its way home
because like I said frostbite five
minutes it's just weather that nobody
wants to be outside and right now a few
inches later I'm just leaving the boys
right now I didn't vlog anything while I
was there because there's a surprise
going on and I don't want to spoil
anything before it actually comes out so
I can't talk too much about it but while
I am out on the way home I'm gonna pick
up Silvia some food she's at home
filming right now and Wolfie jr. is
bugging her so I'm gonna go help her
film bring her food and be the good
boyfriend that I am so I saw this video
going around on Twitter and basically it
was like from the YouTube team
themselves it was a video where one of
the top people under the YouTube
subscription managers she was being
asked questions about all the issues
that people are bringing up these days
basically there's like a few ones so one
of them is when you upload a video
there's a lot of youtubers that are
losing subscribers when they upload a
video which really shouldn't happen and
then there's another issue where just
channels are being randomly unsubscribed
like you could be unsubscribed from one
of your favorite youtubers even if you
are active on all of their videos and
you watch all the videos all the time
you can still be unsubscribed from them
a lot of people thought that that was
because maybe you haven't watched their
videos in a while and then maybe
youtube's just like deciding on your
behalf that okay you're inactive on
their channel so what's the point of
subscribing to them but the girly
interview
said that why would we do that we want
to make people subscribe to channels so
we would never do that even though I
don't know I feel like there's something
they're hiding from us something has to
be going down because I just had way too
many people tweet at me and tell me
straight out that they were unsubscribe
for me and I've been unsubscribed from
some of my favorite youtubers as well so
another thing they talked about was
videos not showing up in your
subscription feed so say you subscribe
to a channel and then the place you go
well at least the place I go mainly to
find where the people I like have
uploaded a video is my subscription feed
like you subscribe to them you scroll
down your feed and then you see and you
pick out which videos you want to watch
but overall on YouTube a lot of channels
have had their views been going down in
the past month that a lot of people have
been thinking it's because their videos
just didn't show up in that feed of
videos I've also had that happen to me
like every single video I posted for
like the past month there is so many
people like hundreds if not thousands of
people letting me know that they didn't
see it in their feed and the only reason
they saw it is because I put a snapchat
out about it or a tweet out about it so
thank God they were following me on all
that but I know that's another issue but
they also said there's no issue with
that basically it was a whole lot of
just like bringing up concerns that a
lot of big youtubers have which are very
serious concerns like I have these
concerns as well and then they basically
said every single answer was okay well
there's no problem there there's no
problem there everything's fine on
YouTube nothing's changed on YouTube
everything's good basically flat video
really just annoyed me I just finished
watching it it's not that I think
something's wrong it's obviously there's
changes going on right now and something
is up I just hope even if they're not
going to tell us I just hope
everything's gonna be fixed soon whether
they tell us or not whatever please just
go back to the way YouTube was like a
month ago but if you guys have been
coming back every day I appreciate the
people that literally like check every
night on my channel just to see if I
upload it because then it doesn't matter
if the subscription boxes are messed up
or if post notifications are messed up
which that's another concern but that's
the whole friggin other conversation it
doesn't matter about any of that because
if you guys keep coming back to my
channel every single day and I post
basically every single day on this
channel then you're still going to see
the video regardless and none of that
matters but it would be nice if that
stuff got fixed but that's all the
people that rock with me every single
day you guys are the best
and just for curiosity's sake I want to
know because I've asked
on Twitter a bunch of times like in a
poll but it's really unclear the results
so I'm going to try and make this as
simple as possible comment the number
one if you get all of my videos in your
subscription box no matter what every
single day comment one because that
means nothing's broken
also comment number one if you get all
of my post notifications for the videos
if you have them turned on I just want
to know how many people are actually
seeing everything all the time but I
want you guys to comment number two down
below in the comments please comment
number two if there's ever been a time
where you haven't seen one of my videos
in your subscription boxes or you
haven't been notified when I posted a
video because all of that stuff
apparently is supposed to be working
with YouTube but I know it's not so
please just comment down below so I know
I'm not going crazy number two if there
has been issues in the past with my
channel you haven't been seeing stuff
you haven't been notified with stuff
you've been unsubscribed for my channel
before comment number two for any of
that that way tomorrow I can go look at
all the comments and I can just see if
it actually is a thing maybe it's a mind
game with me and all these other big
youtubers and all these small youtubers
and all these medium-sized youtubers but
it's it's not it's definitely not so
leave a comment down below let's all
pray together everything gets fixed
oh he got me I mean now he's gonna run
here it decoe peaceful oh why you
growling why you girly have ego if you
guys are having a bad day I just need
you to do me one favor and cheer just
cheer up you just needed to cheer up
anyways guys I'm ending the night off
helping Sylvia take her thumbnails for
her videos and finish up with her video
but I'm gonna end a block off their new
salsa and lock bag video I can't clean
Whoopie spoon
can't clean this poop guys wolfy jr.
literally I'll give it to you bro
good job you live he's like you see what
I did you see what I did
who done it good boy good boy is
everytime I growl at him if he doesn't
poop on he knows now that I know that
he's smart enough to be going poop on
the pad every single time if we don't
take him outside cuz it's snowing
because when we take them outside and
it's snowing
he literally frolics in the snow and
gets wet and cold and then wants to come
inside but anyways like I was saying
when I end the vlog off there I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did do not forget to
go down smash that like button
whoopee how many likes do we always ask
for okay 25k likes you already know what
it is go smash that like button if you
haven't already also shout out to Daniel
for supporting me on the tweet gang and
lastly if you guys made it
end of the vlog I want you guys to
comment some down below so I know you're
active comment down below Lindor okay Li
n B Oh ARF
that's it Lindor and I will see you guys
- no more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more savage in my main channel and
as always stay savage leggo
