good morning ago what's gonna cheer
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie I'm
at the boys house right now
Shaun just filmed a video Bongo is
filming a video and that's in fact one
of the main reasons I'm here I have to
help Bongo as the chocolate master
myself he's filming a bit of a chocolate
video and I specialized in boiling
chocolate building chocolate making
chocolate there's a whole lot of
chocolate in the kitchen right now and I
mean a whole lot of chocolate so as soon
as Bongo comes back bong was just out
right now we're gonna be filming that
video for his channel also guys I
brought these in my new bag to the boys
house hold up can I get the motor here
can I get them okay I can't open my bag
but that's the wrong zipper this zipper
is what I meant to do so I found these
in my closet the other day I got these
in fan mail like a month ago and still
haven't eaten them I was honestly too
short to eat them at the beginning but I
have just enough for like everybody so
I'm gonna make all the boys eat these
with me basically it's called
the toe of Satan so this thing is
extremely hot on the back it says from
the flamethrower candy company comes
possibly the hottest candy in the world
and then it shows this is nine on one
what is your emergency that's how hot it
is can you stop the told Satan I don't
know but I'm going to eat it after
bongos video and I'll be able to stop
the toe say I've done spicy before as
they call me the snack pack pudding
master flip got captain captain a double
flip Oz cheese you have one chance to
double flip it's all I got like it has
this beer pong there's no is this flip
cup flip Cup so I just hit beater point
fine
Hey so yeah pause now double flip it Oh
exactly you do it exactly see you played
yourself Oh free strike smash like wow
that guy know another thing I was
cleaning I did the truth or dare a
waterfall fuck yeah well people were
saying you would have demolished us over
there oh I watched the video and I was
laughing cuz I was like these guys are
ass I can flip a bottle a regular bottle
no frigging problem boys are regular
ball
you know all we got is a soap bottle Oh
regular bottle so you're gonna put me on
the spot I have one try here not let me
let me show you how much water you need
this third line apparently yeah it is
did you get that for me
no I got that from the 6,000 comments
saying we had too little water in a line
guys this is why would a demolish ads
video know why I don't do well okay
makes sense so this is why do well okay
guys look at these friendship goals on
the boys fridge you can see David's ugly
as usual my brother's ugly as usual you
Carolee see DJ I mean jobs there too but
what's most important is this guy in the
front but zoom in on my face right there
look how swag I am that's all I gotta
say swag this one I don't really don't
really see myself there I couldn't make
it there guys I can make it there but
this guy this guy okay guys so we're
about halfway done filming bongos video
basically he said that I could have all
the extra chocolate he scraped off the
edge of the pan after so if you guys are
jealous of me like you should be look at
this nice chocolate that I get to eat
once he's got his video he is doing a
DIY right now I'm not gonna say exactly
what DIY it is but he is making the
world's biggest something and if you
just thought that is you probably might
have a good idea and the DIY God is
helping him I mean like I had to show
love to Bunga like I said he doesn't
know how to make this shit I'm just here
for moral support guys and the extra
chocolate that I get from this video you
know kind of attacks your delicious
blueberry like this I use it I'm gonna
be alone when Brianna I guess you a lot
of TV
Sean say what's up
so bad you're wondering why the quality
of my cameraman is live there we go
Martha so we are ready for our final
layer our almond bar there let's check
up on the chocolate bar see how things
are going oh my god guys this guy
shoutout to Sean for ordering food for
the squad this guy always puts the team
on his back Skye ordered Chinese food
for everyone because we've been filming
all day bongos been in the kitchen all
day I've been helping Bongo all day and
we haven't eaten it's like 5:00 p.m. at
this point nobody's eating this is how
we do youtubers life day in the life get
that food in here I'm fucking starving
general Chow chicken Imperial chicken
more chicken chicken fried rice chicken
chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken
chicken chicken I got chicken and a fork
a chicken fork guys is the chicken fork
we even got chicken spring rolls
chicken chicken egg rolls and more
chicken chicken ginger ale chicken
ginger ale like guys you just gotta stay
loyal with the chicken water and the
chicken tea dig in ok guys so I just had
to take care of some business all the
boring all the paperwork that you guys
don't really care about I just had to do
for like the past two hours so I've been
on my mom's house my mom my dad have
been helping me out but now me and
Dustin are gonna go to the mall I have
to go get a present for Sylvia I think
Sylvia might be too busy to watch my
vlogs lately so hopefully she is I'm not
going to show you what the present is
but I'm going to show you the store I'm
going in to get the present and then
actually screw I might show you what the
present is
and I might just tell Sylvia that she
can't watch this vlog so please if I end
up showing the present which I have a
strong feeling I might be doing
something like that don't go to Sylvia's
videos and comment down below in her
comments what the present is because
then she'll know what the present is and
I know a lot of you guys are gonna want
to do that yeah the snakes okay you
still do it fuck now I guess she'll the
present I'm G's present so we're at the
mall now I just ran into this massive
tree literally it keeps going it keeps
going this one's way bigger than the one
at the other
but this is where I'm going to buy
Silvia her thing Nordstrom pricey things
hear pricey things here but only the
best quality for bass so we're going
through the section right now we just
passed Burberry Alexander wing we are
looking for not Tory Burch Marc Jacobs
Marc Jacobs Silvia are not watching this
you're not watching this Marc Jacobs
here we go and she sent me a pic of the
bag so I'm pretty sure I know which one
it is okay guys so this is the bag that
we are purchasing right now it was like
pretty much in front of my eyes but I
found it now we're buying it Silvia
you're not watching this video so we're
at Walmart now and I'm picking up video
supplies Silvia just gave me the no-name
great value friggin marshmallows but
what am i Ryan's ways we get the jet
puffed actually these these are bad
these are bad Sofia can you get the
thingy pass it yay yay yay yay yay Kate
yay
you eat you eat why do you have the
whole store he does that fue alright
that should be good enough we're good
that's half the supplies guys this is
what my supply shopping looks like at
the end of the day so many supplies so
little time like I always told you guys
it looks really weird me walking out of
a store with all the supply like a weird
combination of shit that I buy got some
Belgian chocolate some marshmallows and
then some toys for wolfy jr. that Sylvia
picked out which I don't agree with
getting but apparently we need them we
need them we need them so you guys know
how is helping Bongo earlier with this
chocolate bar sky maids the world's
largest chocolate bar just for scale
this is a huge knife okay way bigger
than my face look at this ridiculous
guys read ich ulis so many layers of
creamy goodness
Oh successful this is way more
successful than any of my DIYs and it
looks like a Snickers bar mixed with
like a score bar this thing is thick
guys thick every layer you could
possibly want hi guys so I have the two
of Satan out right now I'm at the boys
house these two stepped up to the plate
to do the challenge I guess yes ready
right yeah yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna lick
it I'm not a good at spice but this is
nine million nine million what do you
really do about them what are your visa
this is 9 million Scoville units guys
this is not a joke you guys had a
gumball shit that I did like a couple
blocks ago that stuff was killing me I
don't even think it was 1 million so
this is 9 times that 9 times the ghost
pepper sauce nine times the friggin
Carolina Reapers awesome I just bit the
plastic to like spit it off and I can
taste the heat alright okay that's weird
I saw what's the challenge it says keep
it in your mouth for five minutes I'm a
liquid I'm Olivia so guys I'll leave the
youtubes right here youtube.com slash
Bongo beat shape youtube.com slash itchy
boy is it the Taurus ad yeah it's legit
atoll oh that's
so let me unbox my this is for you guys
I told you I would do it so can you ever
feel it
k bruh I'm licking I'm gonna bitch oh
I'm gonna tell you like cereal okay hold
on a little bit you big I can't see it
if you stick the whole thing in your
mouth that's the hole bro
you have to just one time so it's okay
we just doing a little ass now I'm gonna
because you're put it in your mouth
yeah POTUS average but I got this okay
I'm licking it to start I believe the
next immunity to test okay fine thank
you actually
oh my god I've got to you anymore than
allegro you a lot of each that's going
to go to a real hard you can take that
out for my tongues on fire bucket hmm
your fuck your face right now bro well
that's bad that's really no no I just
don't wanna be a bitch in my own channel
this guy's been having it euro 200k
right there that's a lot
oh no one even time to all you fought
many times from the main shout out to
the fans at set pieces are months ago
you had this for five minutes
I don't know but this is mod Steve's
coming out your ears I don't like yours
actually hurt you know when your fucking
face gets numb and your ears start to
like yeah bossy bro imagine if I just
one just do this right here
oh whoa
Wow I love this work oh please touch my
you touch your eyes mom we're gonna do
that
it's your sauce on it know your body
Aman get water
ah don't do this
I just like right now is more than
enough shit like literally one lick but
the hottest thing I've ever tasted was
good super moisture then the hardest
I've ever had raw like um fucking hurts
rody me back will be like a five minute
guys I need you to go subscribe to my
boy Bongo youtube.com slash Bongo be che
I'm leaving his link on fire and Sean's
link in the description make sure to go
click and subscribe to my boys they're
loyal they did it for me they didn't
need to do it so subscribe to them call
me a little hope you sent you Wolfie
said she already noted a zoo delay like
five right here boy you're such an idiot
this guy's oh I don't know it's gonna
end do not do this how long for Satan
it's been like 15 minutes rah rah like a
little but no more air that touches my
tongue so Rach you guys are too here
first
taupe scene it's a no-go bad idea
opening go now I think it's okay guys I
just got home anyways it's really late
it's like 3:30 a.m. right now I don't
know why I was at the boys so late but
three three thirty three three three
three lucky numbers I'm letting Sylvia
open her present right now I told her
yeah literally instead of just not
showing up a blog she can watch the vlog
tomorrow but she thinks this is a prank
it might be a prank
there is a chance that it could be a
praying rocket this party it wasn't what
do you mean I just told a girl rapper
pretty and put a stink bomb in it Jesus
okay back out back out back up back up
to prank it's not great sorry great you
actually got so scared new Marc Jacobs
bag hope is like so excited for you know
you think you're excited I'm excited
looking for me
come here come here if everyone's
excited I'm excited I look so fabulous
is this my Jacobs whatever are you doing
that's like a lower brand I was gonna go
dollar animal this was not a my that was
a shitty bag in the sir
there's way bigger
that's the exact one I don't know guys
is this shit bag I don't know why she
likes so much
I don't know Marc Jacobs is if you want
to see it this is the type of bag it is
let me inside
get your sofa what's on the inside this
is just like what it's a fake one by the
way it's a ripoff it's a prank
you gotta pick that stuff up what he's
gonna eat it yeah well I don't think it
is on the inside
let me get in here let me see is it red
leather what do you mean ah it is it's
like burgundy I mean it is you sent me a
pink at least I believe don't you be a
checker too much getting it in your back
no what oh yeah this is the perfect bag
to let your dog sit in you love it get a
bag that you can fit your dog Ian we
loved it it was like I hate this saying
there was some DIYs going down at the
crib late at night I was your boy not
invited for any of these DIYs I'm cheese
everybody knows I'm the DIY god I should
have been there well DIYs were taking
place in my house anyways guys as you
can see all the lights are turned off
around this room other than the
Christmas lights and this light but
screw that light whatever that lights
too cool for us anyways but that means
it's bedtime so I'm going to end the
vlog off here I hope you guys enjoyed
you did do not forget to go down and
smash that like button let's hit 25
motherfucking K we stay let AF and we
smash the like button in every video
that we drop also boom shout-out to
Diana you are the active wolf films a
day showing my love and my Twitter so
shout-out to you
and lastly if you guys made to the very
end of the vlog and Henry so see me it's
pretty dark in this room but I mean the
auto lighting on this I'm just gonna
assume is a blessed so if you guys made
it to the end of the vlog comment down
below
dark AF okay comment dark AF so I know
you're loyal Wolfram and you made it to
the very end and I will see you guys
soon
on more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more servers in my main channel and
as always stay savage Lego
