good morning ale with the toilets oh
sorry I couldn't hear you over my my new
computer with the new beast speakers
sorry about that good morning guys
however was having an amazing day what's
poppin guys today it hasn't stopped
snowing since last night look at this
can you see the snow the snow is still
coming down extremely fast this is what
my car looks like right now my car is
absolutely covered in snow guys
absolutely covered in snow there's so
much snow on my car and it's gonna take
a lot of effort to get it off but I'm
not gonna let the snow keep me inside
all day I was inside all day yesterday
editing up to the late hours to get out
that banger but today I need some fresh
air I also need some more video supply
so I just keep thinking of these ideas
and I'm so impatient so I need to go get
the supplies right away otherwise I'll
forget about it 30 minutes it took me 30
minutes to get all the snow off the car
and there's still so much snow on the
car right now let's put the car in
reverse and see if we can even get out
of my spot right now great from you guys
this is it here we go there's a lot of
snow behind me and I don't have a shovel
so this is just like the moment of truth
can I get out of my spot because if I
can't move I'm gonna have to go to the
store walk to the store or something buy
a shovel and then come back here just to
shovel my car out oh my god I hate
winter here we go three two one ooh we
got out of the spot so we made it to the
store alive I'm in the poster Center aka
the bristol board section I got a bunch
of white bristol board but then I was
just thinking well I get white when I
can get more bright colors I think I
might get like the brightest color like
the pink or orange for the next video
I'm doing if you guys watch my main
channel and my vlogs all the time you
guys should know what I'm about to do
actually it's kind of confusing but
let's just say I'm going to be taping
all of these together and then making
something really big and then putting
something in a machine to make something
extremely big so leave in the comments
what you think it is think of this as
just paper
not even like poster board or anything
and I'm pretty sure you guys should have
some sort of idea of what I'm gonna do
but am I gonna do white though ah I
might do orange pink whatever I point to
is what I'm getting Wow
yellow it is scratch that I cannot get
yellow because if I get yellow then two
bright colors are gonna clash together I
don't want that so I'm gonna have to
stick with white I know I just played
that game with you guys but I'm going
back on my word
I'm going with the basic white it's kind
of beige on one side kind of wet on the
other side and now we need some friggin
duct tape as if I don't have any extra
duct tape layer
after my hundred layers on my face and
hundred rolls of duct tape on my body
it's right by the washrooms guys this
why we call them washrooms and I call
the washrooms people get weirded out but
we call them washrooms here see
washrooms it's not just me
I know it's bathrooms or washrooms but
we call it washrooms we need this max
duct tape only one roll this is actually
you know what we're gonna get the
gorilla tape Gorilla Tape guys one roll
is the least amount of tape I've ever
bought from a store at once for a video
I think Walmart must have seen my DIY
lavell a video because this thing looks
awfully familiar to the one I made not
the classic one but this glitter
metallic one it's kind of wavy I might
have to be I why that next buying these
bristle boards was the biggest hassle
I've ever had in my life out of all 11
of them none of them had a tag on them
so none of them could be like priced I
knew they were a dollar 50 each but the
guy still needed the tag to scan them
till the first time I tried buying them
the guys like you gotta go get the
barcode and for some reason I was just
like okay I'll check just to make sure I
know the price of them so I ran back and
check the price just to make sure that
there are a dollar 50 came back said
there were a dollar 15 is like no no no
I actually need the barcode but there
was no barcode on any of the ones that I
was buying they're like the extra thick
white one so I had to legit steal the
tag and like the barcode from the one
that shows the price of them sorry if
anyone's buying plain white Bristol
words after me but I had to steal it to
buy mine I also took a green one just to
make sure cuz it almost didn't work
Walmart Walmart Walmart what are you
saying I'm just a four-year-old kid man
just trying to buy his bristol board for
a video that's it all much trying to
stop remember I said those hills were
gonna get bigger yesterday check this
out
this Hill compared to my car is probably
about four times the height of my car
look at that snow pile guys that one's
almost as high as half the tree and that
trees tall as hell guys look at how
beautiful this Christmas tree is in the
mall the nice chandeliers holy this is
the Santa's house seen so if you just
drop by the mall to go she basically got
me like an early Christmas present a
chain I didn't show it to you guys but
do you have it yeah yeah show it to you
guys when we get back to the house it's
nice but it's a little short so we went
back to the place and then asked the guy
to lengthen it today and he could do
it's gonna take a few weeks but I'm in
no rush to like wear it so everything
sorted out at the mall now we had to
leave Wolfie jr. at home when we went to
the mall and this guy has not been away
from a human in so long the carnita he
is look at this look at this guys he's
he's attacking me he's so hyper
missed us so much literally this guy has
been around humans basically every day
since he was born so we're just cheating
you man we just got to get you used to
being by yourself for like an hour or
two just an hour - I know we're here
we're here we're here whoopie pie will
be he's like not this time not a second
time in a row do you listen when you're
scared hey sit down
Oh Wolfie sit down oh you win good boy
come here come here come here come here
he listens now a lot better cuz he's
older but his breath is stinky as hell
lately hey yo what's good it's your
girls so Leah guys listen up so before I
go to bed every single night what I like
to do is just limber up my body so when
I go to bed my bones aren't too stressed
I'm nice and relaxed okay I'm nice and
stretched oh and there's only one way to
do that and that way is the couples yoga
challenge you always got to do some yoga
with your partner or by yourself before
you go to bed doctors might say it's not
a good idea but Wolfie says it's a good
idea so it's a good idea not my tripod
here I'm about to set it up and me and
Silvia are about to do some yoga all
over this little area right here we need
to move Wolfie junior stuff into his
corner right over here we put all this
stuff right there and then by like three
o'clock every day it's all over the
house so throw that there one last day
over there let's do some yoga okay guys
here we go pose number one I got a whiff
of my handy-dandy phone to see the poses
that we found okay
I like these poses these are poses that
I can do where are you the Masters we
are yoga masters and we're not going to
start off to art because like I said
these are bedtime poses if I was
actually trying to do hard poses I would
do them like midday to like 5 o'clock
after 5 o'clock like I got to do easy
poses because you know I'm getting old
I just turned six nights ago
poses all the time I do so number one
pose guys I love this is a classic
there's the rainbow fish I just got to
move the camera back a bit because
honestly you're not gonna be able to see
everything that happens so we just hold
our one foot back and then we hold a
foot complicated yeah it's hold my hand
okay the heck if it's too crazy bouncing
me there was a balance here you go guys
Oh tres yoga pose come on balance I look
at your head what you always take these
are big vision so serious into it okay
there we go
that's the first pose guys you're
supposed ten out of ten but second pose
is gonna be a little bit harder the
first pose is like okay anybody can do
that shake second pose
did you check where there Tony I was
look at this finger nail second pose by
the same people I like these people a
lot come on
okay go we're doing it and smile at the
camera second port I told you guys I
don't get poses wrong okay I don't mess
up
these might be easier than any pose I've
ever tried Sylvia picked them out let's
just put it that way I would never pick
something this easy to am okay we're not
trying to do some intricate purple yeah
we do is every night we actively we
haven't done this in philosophy oh good
job yes every day we do this every day
guys what Sylvia meant to say was we do
this every day third pose bullshit we
got a rear into camera for this one okay
guys here we go
so the person on Oh
so guys with this pose what you want to
do is the key is the orangutan arms I'm
pretty sure that's all I'm doing I don't
know I suppose but once I go here Sylvia
just does the rest however they sleep oh
you're back so Kirk Wow
this ain't pizza yeah okay get your post
yeah oh it's so full oh you're here
give it yeah yeah I've got a few guys do
not do that pose on a full stomach I'll
tell you I just ate food and I'm dying
from that post this was just as easy as
the first one so I'll go on the bottom
and on me at the top you get time sorry
this is volume this is are you who cares
what he throws Johnny was his good hey
go look how high you are I was like oh
yeah can you guys you have a girl that's
like not down for these scary things not
commit what other kind of girls come in
a girl it commits are you afraid of
commitment
no I've been okay so then just come into
this great - wanna go up very high
what do you mean going just gonna do it
I sure smell smell until your foot
smells like ass last time we did a post
like that and Sylvia said that she did
it she was a hundred percent positive
that she did she's like I'm doing it I'm
doing I'm doing it if I can find the
clip I'll play it right here
what you guys can see miss you didn't do
it know that I'm not doing it I just
want to get out of the bookcase a little
bit bid to it can't do okay so we did do
it zero on that one but I'll still give
it a go we did that one I'm pretty
positive my foot my nose I'm doing it to
the old clip you didn't do it next one
this one's by far probably the hardest
go so far so right three just lean back
back you lean back as high as you can
and I'll be back after I have too much
weight going my way I'm falling die hard
leave me leave I'm telling you don't do
that if you are uneven weight you have
to be equally last pose of the day
easiest poses shock I'm sweating it's
like 3:00 in the morning what am i doing
on your knees so you lean back give me
your arms this again we should be doing
at the other exam in TV you have to hold
on to my arms she doesn't hold on me
Tina thanks girl I was huge on Sylvia be
fuck what that's what was great I'm not
flexible do this we're calling it a wrap
guys
don't get dizzy guys I'm doing this
right now on the camera that was
probably really loud to you guys but it
wasn't too loud to me because I'm behind
the camera in here no you're technically
behind the camera you're listening to
the camera you listening to the vlog
smash the like button for that 2:00 a.m.
yoga session it was like amazing I mean
Silvia kinda let me down with one of the
poses but it was amazing I did the pose
is pretty nice guys after you almost
right no he's gonna slap me every time
please stop
every time I just notice oh he is coming
in for a slot yeah you still have me
white ah I need a thumbnail slapped her
in public so guys before I end the night
off I'm on YouTube and I'm just looking
up videos I always do this late at night
when I'm absolutely just kicking back I
always like to look up look at my hat
it's just definitely a definitely
supposed to be on like this oh by the
way a little bad link in bio you already
know what it is I didn't even make this
hat I found out in the store it's kind
of swaggy I mean it doesn't really fit
forward like it's a weird fitting act so
you have to wear it backwards but let's
wear forwards because Yolo what I do
late at night is I look up videos that
my supporters have made and then they
put me in the tag so I can find the
videos usually there's some pretty
banger videos that you guys post so I
always like to check them out show love
show you guys out when I see a dope
video and yeah let's get to it so the
first one's called three steps how would
it be wolf your apps and the account
name is savage white wolfy - I already
like the channel name now let's see the
steps on how to be me these videos crack
me up the most because I'm pretty much a
meme at this point like I'm very very
predictable so these videos I already
know what to expect and they kill me
every time I see them toss this guy's
some full screen action that's you okay
I do y'all my intro
okay I don't scream in my intro I do
yell at my intro I don't scream my intro
but I'll give you that one
okay I'll let it slide for now but I
don't scream like that boom cheese
this guy has cheese strings and a wolf
shirt oh geez
fresh wolfy juniors like yellow you're
talking about wolfy I'm wolfy I'm wolfy
okay come here come here come here you
can set my lap visit come visit a shadow
to this dude for literally making like a
full video how I would make it Cameron
gross
trout - Cameron gross and the
description just says bless bless so
that's the most blessed description I've
ever seen so do you guys know that video
that just went extremely extremely viral
the one where the man punched the
kangaroo because it was strangling his
dog I know it sounds like it can't
fucking actually haven't really put it
happened that video on its own was
probably one of the funniest videos I've
seen in the longest time but I just
found a new video somebody made an edit
of this video and they edited Conor
McGregor in to punch this kangaroo just
fucking watch this video so this is when
the man comes in to beat up the kangaroo
good look it's actually strangling the
dog
and then like it is so that's the actual
footage you cover Gregor come see it's
this beauty of the king room with the
food that video is just like a classic
just slow clap for the internet if the
internet didn't exist that video would
never be out but if the actual internet
did not exist like the people who start
all these memes like if they didn't
exist I don't even know what my world
would be because like that type of stuff
cracks me up cuz it's so random like
booth Binks y'all I'm gonna edit Conor
McGregor in and beat up that friggin
kangaroo like why not the littlest
punchline sometimes it's hilarious
anyways I'm gonna end the vlog off there
I gotta clean up the house a bit before
going to bed I'm waking up early
apparently there is a film day at the
boys house tomorrow I might drop by and
get some behind-the-scenes footage of
that but if you guys enjoyed the vlog go
down and smash that like button right
now let's hit 25 thousand likes actually
while we're at it just hit fucking 600
bajillion trillions billions billion
billion likes Thank You Taylor for
supporting the wolf fam your support
just means the world to me lastly if you
guys made it to the very end of the blog
I want you guys to comment down below
smash that like button Oh once you guys
to comment down below smash that like
button because we always smash that like
button we keep it lit and I will see you
guys soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more established in my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
