good morning what's good at your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy this is
a big morning guys very big morning I am
picking up the computer right now it's
early in the a.m. I told you guys last
night I'm waking up early so shout out
to all the people that tweeted at me to
wake up in the morning because my alarm
never wakes me up I had to get my active
a subscribers to tweet at me telling me
to free a wake up they're the only
people I listen to so I'm up it's so
early that wolfy jr. is literally not
even awake yet
usually this guy's jumping all over hey
hey wolfy wolfy come here
usually wolfy genius jumping all over me
at this time but it is even so early
that he's not even awake right now I
just had my coffee I am energized and
I'm about to drive - Chris how skrt skrt
and get the frigging computer he said
it's very big very heavy there's a lot
of stuff that we need to bring in so
hopefully we can get it set up
I've already been mad productive this
morning I've edited half my vlog already
so today's a good day filming is gonna
be lit today I can already feel it stay
positive throughout the day I hope you
guys are having an amazing day and let's
go it's just one of those days guys I
don't know if you ever feel those days
we just feel height I feel hyped as fuck
right now it's game time one in Beyonce
may be good tight fan fine yeah Dicky's
fuck oh my god
that's my baby Caroline you define ready
fine sorry really okay like is bounced I
mean that's all I mean oh my god
they look awesome I got rating people
show a fake love to me straight up to my
face straight up to my face I mean
that's all wrong in the right
I took my trip to my drop the camera
chill away okay my bad guys I meant to
turn that off you didn't hear anything
you didn't hear anything okay we're done
here okay guys so this is what my room
looks like before I set up anything so
basically we got the one PC that I've
already had right here that's where the
second PC is going to go for now
basically it's going to stay there until
at least I figured out all the file
transferring on to the new PC then I'm
going to give the computer to my dad
because I promised him I would give it
to him we got the man the myth the
legend show it to my man for setting
everything up for me I'm not going to
show you guys I said actually fuck it
I'm a time-lapse ed let's go time wash
and did you time-lapse yeah okay I've
gotta put it together it's really
fucking boring half it's the back double
time-lapse not try boring two time
lapses in one vlog guys this is all you
guys ever wish for self set it up right
here
nothing more than does search but you
say
we are we
making this 2 and a 1
yeah
okay guys that's the time-lapse you're
getting only half of the set up but at
least you can see the martyrs this
doesn't matter it doesn't matter guys
all my hard work you know shout-out to
Chris again but apparently this keyboard
can light up like crazy
apparently this like shoots money out of
it or something I mean this is just
ridiculous
and what I like most about my new setup
is this I got this um family the other
day this is I'm gonna keep this near and
dear to my heart
King Savage I don't know how you found
this picture frame no not you guys in
need of that thank you for the picture
frame in the fan mail I appreciate you
King Wolfie so guys this is what the
computer setup looks like after it's all
done I got the nice background that goes
across hold on all three monitors like
that it's just repeating itself but it
kind of looks like it's just continuing
on between all three monitors I got this
massive beast right here I don't know
anything about it but there you go the
specs are in there and then the speakers
are way more Dee's we've got these nice
Logitech speakers I've been waiting to
unbox those they've been sitting on my
desk for so long I used to have these
but now I got these so this is what the
whole setup looks like together it's
only going to look like that for a few
days until I bring back the old computer
to my data yes so for all you guys who
like technology there you go there's a
back angle view that shit that's awful
oh yeah guys Chris did all the wild
construction back there so as you guys
can see the cords are looking kind of
beat it's okay I didn't care shout out
to Chris again for helping me out I
wouldn't have been able to do well I
fucking with the been able to do any of
this without himself go follow Chris on
Twitter right now guys if you're
watching this video and you support me
support what I do
go follow Chris he does so much for me
BAM that's his Twitter right there I'll
leave it at the top of the description
to you don't say anything to the wolf
fam no man I don't nothing to say I'm
not an interesting person he's not an
interesting person if you don't want
interesting tweets go follow actually
fuck ball ok guys I'm about to do one of
the funnest things I've ever done in my
life there's this trend going on all
over YouTube right now and like the
beauty world basically girls do their
makeup and they have their boyfriends do
the voiceover so I got my microphone
right here this is the blue Yeti Sylvia
calls it the big Yeti and I'm about to
voice over what I think Sylvia would say
which is good because I always like I
like to fucking do impressions of people
so I'm gonna do my best impression of
Sylvia on this video you can see my
voice
do an impression of me you're supposed
to just do the tutorial like you're
supposed to say well I'm doing a
tutorial not start with an impression no
we're gonna start with an impression
please and then slowly go into what I
think is going on I have no clue about
fucking makeup so this will be on
Sylvia's channel youtube.com slash
Sylvia Gani the video will be out by the
time this vlogs out so make sure I'm
telling you guys you guys are gonna die
if you want to see me act like an idiot
over my girlfriend shit go there it's
gonna be here link in the description
you already know it's a banger if I'm in
it but hopefully I can miss as long as
you watch my videos you're gonna do good
job Mary
I don't watch don't watch a single
videos your job sucks that's a start
filming oh ok so that one well guys now
I am in my new Lael studio here and I am
about to film a main Channel video today
I really got a tight time schedule on
this one because it's something that
just happened you guys will see by the
time this logs out it'll be out but I
had an idea and I need to act on it now
so I'm gonna bang this out quickly and I
will be back in three two actually
scratch that guys I was literally about
to start filming my video and then I
went on Twitter and so many people were
tweeting me in my live
sub Council I'm about to get four
million subscribers guys I'm doing it
today
midway through the day I just lost the
subscriber so someone okay I just gained
a few more so I'm going to hit for
filling today literally wasn't even
paying attention my subscribers recently
I was just making the best content that
I could make and just hoping that people
enjoyed it so the subscribers just come
while you make the videos I'm just
focused on making videos making videos
literally I'm on a hamster wheel look
making fucking bangs we already know so
now I'm 5008 literally 50 away sitting
by myself in my room I'm literally
craving filming on my main channel right
now guys this is the weirdest shit you
are seeing right now I literally hit
four million subscribers and I figure I
was that like four million 121
subscribers and then out of nowhere look
at this I lost like 300 subscribers in
one second that's been happening a lot
like when you upload a video but I don't
even upload a video and YouTube just
Merc a clean 300 subscribers away from
me so fuck where's the chart oh my god
literally I wish you guys could see this
bar it was like okay up up for Mel boom
down and then it has to rebuild up so
right now I just celebrated it in for
Bill and now I'm three point nine nine
got room for ability board you to stop
playing with my emotions stop screwing
around my channel please okay thank you
so we're picking up glass in my mom's
house because I just had to do a scene
skit Wolfie is back I did a bit of a
skit for my main channel it's gonna be a
fucking banger broken glass literally
everywhere in the house I screwed up
guys I screwed up I didn't mean to break
it into a thousand pieces
what if you give me singing the wrong
thing
oh yeah you guys will see in the main
channel video it might go in this video
actually my mom screwed up a few lines
but I'm excited about this one guys I'm
excited about this one
get me looking at this and I'm like okay
time to eat it okay so get get mom like
like you're looking at the banana you
can move the shot tube and now get a
close-up of me to staring at my Legos
like go meow you're getting from behind
get it from behind her shoulder so you
can see her shoulder but it's mainly me
it's okay because it's be quicker than
that doesn't she have to be over here oh
I can get Manny's head turned towards
you belief it's okay okay I'll have to
get ready for this okay here we go
shattering on three be like it's okay
and put it on the plate oh that uh it's
okay what do you mean okay yes I like it
Jesus have to pick it up and then stupid
hey Mike sue yeah yeah oh fuck I guess
it's okay what do you think yeah there's
something I like it I guess I like it
you liked it but weren't you fucking
smart
what you like one then smack the like
one of you that's good holy shit here
just just keep watching for a second cuz
I'm gonna cut to the TV and then come
back to you like haha I really like this
show oh my god I love this show no like
I really like this show oh my god I like
this show we know oh my god I like this
Christmas show you like this show right
Wolfie you wanna play is your choice
come here coming cool Jesus Oh Oh my
buddy sup guys I just fell down on the
ground I don't know what the hell
happened what the fuck my nose is
bleeding
what Wolfie stop please just stop my
nose is bleeding buddy Frank that's just
a prank guys haha it actually is real
blood though you guys know how my nose
has been dry as hell the past couple
days I was scratching on the inside of
my nose because it was itchy as hell and
it just randomly started bleeding so I
thought why not act and Wolfie actually
made you see if I was okay okay didn't
really make sure to see if I was okay
this guy just attacked my face but
pretty much made sure that I was okay
I'll just see it as that so slowly is
out with a friend right now and I am
left home alone with friggin this guy
what do you want bro I can't do this
anymore you're too crazy you're too
crazy you just want to bite me you just
want to bite me you run around and you
pee places basically I finished half the
Edit for my main Channel video that I
need to do just to reduce the stress on
me tomorrow and I also just uploaded my
vlog so right now all I have to do I
have to go to the store to get some
supplies quickly when Sylvia gets back
but I can't leave this cat home alone
right now but until then I am going to
clean out this you guys know this lovely
cotton candy maker that I didn't have a
chance to clean out last time why don't
we just take a look on the inside yeah
it's pretty gross not really looking for
cleaning out but I have to because if I
want to ever use it again and I have a
dope idea for tomorrow then I gotta
clean it up guys this dog is pissing me
off right now where'd you go oh my god
where is he there he is
it's like he's smart enough to know what
he isn't supposed to be biting on and
he'll bite that thing and just carry it
and drag it and run away from you until
you stop chasing him which is never late
Ernie he will never stop running away
like where'd you even put the duct tape
you had duct tape in your mouth two
seconds ago buddy where did it go where
is it
I don't care about you you know the duct
tape piece buddy and then as soon as you
stop chasing him he will chase you look
at this I don't care about that Wolfie I
don't care about that no you can shake
it all you want I'm not gonna chase you
you're shaking it you're still shaking
it I'm not gonna chase you I'm not gonna
chase you I'm gonna chase you I'm gonna
chase you unless you see we are
currently doing some reconstructive
surgery right now I am literally
unscrewing it because I tried scraping
this stuff out just with a spoon in here
but that does not work at all so we have
to take out the screws put them to the
side this is the last clue which was
causing me some trouble earlier but can
we get it with one hand oh right
gonna be a little tough there so now
even though the screws are off this
thing is not budging like I can
literally I can lift up the whole
machine I tried lifting this up with a
knife and it doesn't work I don't know
what to do anymore I don't think I'm
gonna be able to clean this thing never
mind guys we got it and that is
disgusting oh my god
literally it smells like cheese this
thing's been through hell what have I
done to you I'm sorry I didn't mean to
do that let me do that again
25 minutes of scrubbing and hard work
later my friggin hands are prunes right
now they've been running underwater for
so long but it's spick-and-span it's
clean as hell good to go for tomorrow if
I want to shoot that video so I'm happy
also Sylvia brought me back some food so
I am in a very good mood right now so
I'm headed to LA blast to pick up the
supplies shout out to them for being
open 24 hours a day literally the amount
of like last-second supplies I picked up
from this grocery store is like
ridiculous but the weather right now is
like it's bad it's bad and I live here
and I am used to the weather so when I
say the weather is bad the weather is
very very bad so bad that I just saw
somebody drift into a curb like two
minutes ago there's literally no one on
the street like if we look
straight ahead of me there is nobody on
the street nobody in front of me nobody
behind me but this is like the perfect
Christmas type of snow so like it's not
really snowflakes but it's like soft
snow that just falls lightly it glistens
on the ground like it looks really dope
to look at like this and maybe like this
but driving in it is not convenient it's
very hard your car slides all over the
place so let's just pray everyone go
down smash that like button hopefully I
can get to this destination without
sliding into a curb that's my goal thank
you for the support guys we made it car
update that's what the car looks like
right now I'm gonna update you as soon
as I come out of Loblaws but just look
at how hard the snow is coming down guys
this is insane it's piling up by the
second it looks really nice at least
it's not too cold outside okay so not
the best news they do not have as much
of the candles as I need literally like
the candles I bought last time they were
right here standing right I guess where
these ones are but since it's holidays
I'm guessing there's a bunch of these
just like single candles and not the
candles that I bought last time so this
is not good anywhere oh they're in the
back but there's only two packs of them
I don't think twos enough no at this
point we're gonna go with whatever
candles we can find that I really like
so we're gonna grab all these tall ones
of the white and the beige kind of ones
and then I'm gonna grab both packs of
these the one in the back too and then
as many of these I guess as I can I'm
pretty sure they're the same thing
wax is wax like if I melt it down it
should be the same regardless so coming
out of Loblaws now definitely had to get
a different assortment of candles that
I'm using for this video but I think wax
is wax at the end of the day like I said
it's gonna work perfectly as long as I
keep a positive mindset I'm pretty sure
everything's gonna work out good to all
my California viewers I don't know if
you ever seen one of those that's what
we call a big machine it's not a snow
plow but it plows snow and this is an
update on the car so honestly not too
much snow I was only in there for a few
minutes so it's not that bad also for
the people who are curious about how
much snow we get here put it this way
this mountain of snow was just formed in
the parking lot by that machine in about
an hour so just imagine how much snow is
going to be here tomorrow morning
and then quadrupling guys I completely
forgot to end off a vlog last night
because I was so into my editing session
like I stayed up really really late
editing the video that I just filmed
it's a bit different than the videos I
usually film so it took me a little
longer it was all worth it in the end
this video is a banger for me at least
it was super fun to make I think I'm
gonna make more videos like this in the
future so get ready it will be in the
description of this vlog right now
because the video is already gonna be
live by the time this comes out but I'm
gonna end the vlog off there because I'm
gonna start on the next vlog already the
day is already beginning it's snowy AF
but I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog if
you did go down smash that like button
let's hit 25,000 likes also so I know
you guys made it to the very end of the
vlog comment down below be different
that's it be different two words now see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
