good good good good good good good good
morning guys why did I do that
nobody knows what's up I hope everyone
is having an amazing day today is an
errand day so number one we are taking
out the garbage I literally cleaned out
my whole computer room yesterday the new
computer is coming in soon so as you
guys can see there used to be a whole
bunch of all over my room I got a
free desk completely this desk is ready
because I'm gonna have three martyrs for
my new computer put my lights up extra
high everything is packed away in my
closet god it feels good like I
was up till like 4:00 last night tidy
things up because I knew I wouldn't to
do it when the computer actually arrived
here Chris said he should be done at
tomorrow Julia is out taking the dog on
a quick walk right now he won't go to
the bathroom unless he goes outside so
he goes poopy pee in the morning and
then I think I got to go to Costco
there's a few things that we need to
pick up for the house and maybe Ikea
like I'll show you guys this clip so I
have the two tables right now I don't
know if there's space for like a third
table over here I kind of wanted like a
u-shaped table office kind of space like
I'm not quite sure how I want this room
to look yet I still don't feel like it's
completely finished so there's a lot of
work that could be done in this room but
yeah let's get the day started let's do
it you guys usually I always listen to
like the hardest rap while I'm driving
in the car but but honestly Rihanna it
goes pretty damn hard at this time
you needed me everybody needed me you
need wolfies video guys I'm so annoyed
in our I literally looked online to find
the last piece till my computer I was
gonna buy it at Walmart cuz it's closer
than the best buy here but they only
have this one basically this is a mini
DisplayPort to HDMI adapter I needed not
a mini DisplayPort I needed like a
bigger one the one I needed looks like
this so it's a little bit different on
one side but the problem is as you guys
can see it says not sold at the nearest
store usually when I check the site I
just think that they have it but what
they don't have it so now I gotta go all
the way to Best Buy so the best possible
situation just happened I'm meeting up
with my parents is we have to talk about
Christmas and what we're doing for
Christmas and New Year's and all that
but they're gonna come with me to Best
Buy so I'm gonna bang two birds with one
stone and they said they're currently
eating lunch right now and lunch happens
to be sushi so I'm about to go there
luck some sushi real quick get some free
food because you know obviously I didn't
have time to cook any breakfast
I don't eat unless someone tells me I
need to eat so I'm getting food and
they're coming to help me out and my
dad's probably gonna help me find what I
need to find a Best Buy so the situation
that I thought was bad just turned into
the best situation that it could
possibly be so we're good now guys we
got our sushi right here and our spinach
shrimp rolls don't really know these are
free food in general don't cook for
yourself have other people make it for
you last time out of your day and it's
healthier than what you would have eaten
what make your own yeah guys steal your
parents food go to your parents house as
much as often and just go for food right
there
look how good that sushi looks guys hold
on all you can taste tested pretty
powerful you guys so we're in Best Buy
now we're looking for the cable it is a
DisplayPort to HDMI adapter that's what
I need there's a billion cables here got
my dad oh look at that
my dad town yeah this is the one big on
this side big on this side peace
yeah that's my PC this is what Chris
said to get so I'm getting it Chris is
at it I Center Chris I said Chris said
it not bad Chris Chris relation to Chris
Brown okay okay guys we got all we need
we're good to go so guys a little Costco
trip is going down right here I'm buying
a bunch of cups for no reason at all not
going to do anything with those cups at
all but literally I filled the whole
card out with the cuffs I wish I
could fit more now I'm gonna get some
read rate because you guys know I love
my red wave read rave spots with me
link in the description email in the
description my dad's taking Instagram
pics mom's boot to keep print I'm over
this I'm alright oh saying what where
I'm not pranking anyone I heard I got
party this is for New Year's party oh
the guys guys the thing that kills me
about Costco is right now they're giving
out free people samples right over there
and every time they're giving out free
samples in Costco there's always like a
lineup of people trying to get the free
samples so right now it's actually looks
like blessed pizza but you know diet
wolfy got to keep my physique I can't be
eating that stuff and I also can't find
the red rape so I think I'm gonna have
to settle for Red Bull bread rate if you
watch this is still spot to eat we're
going with the main brand for now this
is the go-to brand when you're getting
an energy drink I don't know if they
have a difference in caffeine but it is
what it is if you can't find read rave
at Costco you've got to get Red Bull
hopefully this stuff given me some wings
so I just got back from the Costco trip
with my parents I dropped them off at
home I came back here because I had to
drop off this toilet paper and the rest
of the stuff that I picked up at the
store and I logged on to Twitter okay
and I was scrolling down my
notifications cuz I was about to do a
likkle follow SRIA you know I was in a
good mood but then all of a sudden a
majority of my mentions were people
tweeting at me saying you were in
PewDiePie's new video Wolfie did you see
yourself in PewDiePie's new video
Wolfie what the why it beautifies
new video so I went to a PewDiePie's
channel obviously I'm subscribed on a
loyal subscriber I'm a puto daeun okay I
 love PewDiePie didn't subscribe
since 49 mil you know pretty damn loyal
dog this subscribe forever but yeah
basically I got a little bit roasted you
know it was kind of late hard
I did get roasted by PewDiePie PewDiePie
the man himself the friggin most
subscribed youtuber in the world
basically if you guys haven't seen it I
know this is promo for PewDiePie's video
whatever he gets a billion views on
every one of those videos it doesn't
really matter he roasted me and how I
always begged for my likes so basically
the other day h3h3 called me out I've
been called out a decent amount of times
in like the past couple weeks on how I
always ask for likes you guys already
know I'm the king of likes I always like
asking for likes at the start of my
videos I've been doing it honestly since
I can remember like probably before
anybody even had the idea that likes
helped you get more views because I
guess it counts towards like your videos
activity likes and comments I just did
it because I thought you loved the likes
that's why I did it but now apparently
if you get more activity on your videos
these days it helps you get on the
recommended and on the suggested feed on
YouTube so it helps you get more views
so therefore begging for likes helps you
out no longer I don't know that is
apparently what YouTube is saying
through like some emails to certain
youtubers that's what helps grow your
channel I don't know the whole process
because I'm getting shot on to by
YouTube my main channel is getting
merked with views so many of my
subscribers are not seeing my videos so
many of my subscribers are being
unsubscribe to my channel when I drop a
video all of the issues going on with
YouTube right now are still affecting me
like severely so I don't know why
everyone thinks I'm so privileged but
whatever we're just gonna keep grinding
we're just gonna keep dropping bangers
and honestly shut up - PewDiePie for
putting me in the video you know I'm
 down it means he watched at least
20 seconds of my video that's enough for
me to smile okay I'm happy I really look
up to both PvP and h3h3 so it's all love
at least on my side it's all love I
can't speak for that but I hope it's all
love on their side if it's not that were
god big we happy okay we don't copy if
you're way too big for me we don't got
beef we don't we do not have any PPS
 wolfy how do you feel about this
you're not too happy it is what it is
yet way you get your stay Savage it's
all you gotta do just stay savage
through the hard times we're do want to
follow us free to celebrate guys name
another youtuber that does a follow
street when they get roasted by another
youtuber nobody exactly that's what I
thought Wolfie is going off right now
wolf AM slit so they deserve follows you
already know what it is if you don't
already follow me on Twitter just stay
super active and I'll follow you back at
Wolfie raps and at Wolfie on Instagram
they're in the description every I could
go go like all my stuff thousand billion
likes it and we're going to jump off
that so I'm going to my mom's house
tonight she wants me and Sylvia to come
over and help decorate the Christmas
tree so I thought why not go to friggin
Canadian Tire get the biggest ornament
only literally one ornament and then
decorate it in like two seconds and then
just see the look on her face when
that's all I'm doing to the tree so I'm
about to go in here find the biggest
ornament I can possibly find put
it on the tree and that's a wrap for me
you got to spend the time with your
family that's the most important part of
Christmas season so these ones are
pretty damn big guys these are massive
but there might be bigger so like I said
there's a whole selection around the
store here I don't know what theme or
what color my mom's going for for the
Christmas tree yeah I don't know if she
has a star whatever she's gonna put on
it but I'm gonna find the biggest the
biggest these are pretty big I don't
know if these are ornaments imagine if I
just got a wreath and then threw it on
the tree here's another big one this
color is disgusting though so we'll put
that one back saying it's a purple theme
tonight at my mom's house there's a few
that are broken in this one so I've got
to put this one back I don't know what
theme it is but with purple guys this
one honesty is priests way gold acorn
there's multiple colors of the Acorn so
huh
decisions this is oh I think I found it
guys I think I found it
Gold I love gold we're going with this
one bigger than my head it's big enough
look in here okay come in Oh cover wolfy
hey guys we're just taking thumbnails
for sick
taking thumbnails for Sylvia's video and
then we're gonna go back to my mom's
house to put up the tree I hope she's
ready for my big big big big big big big
big big big big big big decorations or
putting them on the tree it's not gonna
look as pretty as this tree guys it
ain't gonna look as for use this tree
because it's definitely knowing my mom
it's a real tree I've used two real
trees my whole life like usually we
don't put up the fake trees but do real
trees come and wait no they don't they
don't come in way that's one problem and
then two I don't feel like sweeping up
any like the pines that fall off of the
tree so to be honest the fig trees
blessed like you can crunch it down to
like three separate parts put it up when
you want hide it in the closet
can't do that with a real treat real
treat you're done with the treat you
just got to get rid of it throw it on
the street garbage man has to come get
it it's just hassle so team fake tree
comment down below are you real treat or
team fake tree guys look at all the
Christmas lights people are finally
starting to celebrate Christmas actually
no that's the only spot that's
celebrating Christmas in this whole
little venue as you see the lights only
go over there
downtown is downtown as me and Sylvia
just got full or full we haven't had in
a minute we're doing takeout right now
but we're waiting for it to be ready
because my parents house doesn't have
the food that me and Sylvia are going to
eat actually I'll blame it on Sylvia so
if he doesn't like anything that it
is made at that house so we're getting
we're getting phony bogus your parents
watch your blogs up yeah well they
already know anyways guys are getting
food and then we're going back to my
house Noli cannoli
no it's not that's an Italian dessert
not a cannoli she doesn't know I can't
aloni cannelloni what is that it's just
food that you won't like actually it's
pretty lit besides I don't like but uh
yeah we're just waiting on the food
right now and then we are going to
decorate that tree the Christmas tree is
gonna be lit I hope my mom likes the
surprises I'm gonna braid to her we're
gonna sit in the car right now and warm
ourselves up while we wait for the food
is gonna be another 10 minutes guys this
is the role that me and Sylvia got I
don't really know if she rates it too
hard but I rate it basically it's like a
chicken roll wrapped in some poison
wrapped in rice paper because she just
ate it wrong guys you need to dip it in
the peanut sauce Sylvia uses no sauce on
me anything
so this peanut sauce is godly we're
eating this Oh with noodles and then you
got to put the sprouts on it the lime
oh yeah God hooked up here okay let me
put on my decorations real quick can you
watch out please I just kind of put my
decorations up
here let's put it right here there we go
one ball second decoration guys guys
here this is my contribution to the tree
bagel you'll know mine from a mile away
compared to these small little ones you
can see them from a distance now that
don't fall hey can I touch them
oh they all work yeah they do I just
touched them there was me thank you ring
where guys the lights are working close
tonight touch them and how they all work
all it's unplugged meaning I think me
and my mom are going to the store to get
new lights was only half them turned on
we've had those lights since like I was
3 years old which is like last year but
still pretty pretty old ornaments
section they actually have a dope
selection here holy so these are what we
want lights let's get the biggest ones
and the longest ones neon flex lights
180 LEDs I don't really know what this
would look like on a tree don't break
the lights
don't break the light so guys the song
is everything with Christmas tree
putting up honestly it looks nice now
but check this out honestly it would
look better with my ornament so let me
just add my contribution to the tree and
where's my other one what did we where
is it where is it on no is this this is
like the angel for the tree yeah where
is it why what do you mean I'm on put
the part away like literally I have two
parts look at this guy's
what let me see okay I'll put her on the
top yeah thank you I'll take this and
add it right beside where my other
ornament is guys this is what Christmas
is all about
the bigger the better I don't care what
anyone says there you go guys pretty
much what do you mean you have to hang
it okay it didn't fit
okay just shove it in there guys I hit
the big arm in here do you mean
then I'm not putting this up
yay angel look like that I don't know
you should have bought a new one
hi bad thing we've had classic angel
touching later we've had that angel for
so long I'm putting it on the top yeah
yeah you're ready eggs oh it's too big
jeez you need to cut some off the bottom
off of her why would we cut hurt when we
can cut the tree you need to know you
cut the tree what the hell here toss my
big horny Charles is the grape toss it
no one's giving it to you somebody
please now for a second no just pass it
please no you're not ruining your treat
this looks nice on top of temple Charles
we all want
perfect reaction to the tree please
everybody I don't like that big silver
one reason I'm not doing it it would be
better with this no ten and ten oh my
god don't you know your son's five is
five years old here that looks so
disgusting so my whole family's been
watching this TV show and Sylvia isn't
caught up on the show so they're trying
to explain to her what's been happening
in order for her to watch the show with
them and then not be like four episodes
behind so I'm about to go in just start
yelling random names and see how long I
control easier - he's trying to get and
he says it's amazing so awesome then you
can see when you actually go do the
battery so the old guy is trying to find
the end of it
no go okay we've got an old guy in
Dolores yeah we did yet do you mean I'm
very watching Westworld wise little
listening No
the do-more is in the west room on this
road the loris and alright so guys we're
back home in this gap and I wanted to
talk to you guys about something real
quick tomorrow or the next day I will
probably be hitting four mill
subscribers which is insane literally
this year alone I went from like I'm
pretty sure 200k to four million
subscribers so I mean thank you I mean
kind of a big achievement not really but
not too huge achievement so what
I am going to do you guys know usually
when I hit like a huge milestone like
this I do a giveaway so I still haven't
gone out to get what I'm gonna give away
I can't really talk right now I still
haven't gotten my giveaway prizes yet so
what I need you guys to do is comment
down below what you guys would like for
this giveaway this is gonna be like a
mix of Christmas giveaway slash mix of
me hitting 4 million subscribers
giveaway to give back to the folk and
subscribers get back to loyal wolf em
that have helped me get to where I am
today so leave your comment down below
what you guys want me to give away I
know my 3 mil giveaway gave out like
three iPhone 7s and three iPads and then
I think three of something else I can't
remember off the top of my head but I
gave out three of three things so nine
things for four mil I want to do
something probably similar to that I
don't know what to give away yet so you
guys I guess will let me know in the
comments down below a lot of people like
iPhone 7 of course I mean it's a friggin
iPhone 7 who doesn't like that unless
your team Android then you're kind of
weird but still shout out to you because
if you subscribe to my channel on your
team Android I Love You Man so whatever
but actually I was thinking because I
don't have any gifts right now I might
as well just give away my dog so I know
a lot of you guys really think Wolfie
jr. is the cutest bucket puppy in the
world I know he'll know give them to me
I almost puked on me Whoopie we're
giving you away today so like this video
right now comment down below I want
Wolfie Junior and I will give him away
instead of any of the other prizes I
know like come on look at that face
goofy
so I mean camera shy show me face and
tomorrow morning Chris is bringing over
I think I'd like 8:00 a.m. he's bringing
over the new PC the new monster computer
I'm so excited for that guys
I've been waiting so long for this so
it's gonna take a while to set it up and
get everything how I want it on that
computer but still getting it tomorrow
morning's okay
and you'll get will be Junior you gotta
give him away Sophia I don't know just
got to give him away no I want him and I
want more okay you're getting kicked out
by wolfy
you gotta get kicked out of the house
here you go there see you guys he
follows you wherever you go you just get
a dog that follows you and loves you
24/7 guys I think it's about time for
bed
this is wolfy jr. currently sitting on
my lap I can't like squish his feet to
here still not waking up move his hands
up wolfy put your hands up if you like
my videos yeah yeah don't little videos
you make bro they're lit make it
up this is a beautiful feeling I'm gonna
end the vlog off there because I have to
be up very early Chris is coming at like
8:00 a.m. to set up the computer you
already know what it is why can not wake
up so I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
smash that like button let's hit 25
thousand likes
shut up to you Kirsten also if you guys
made to the very end of log comment down
below
tomorrow is lit comment down tomorrow is
lit so I know you made it to the very
end and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
established in my main channel and as
always stay savage Lego
