good boy yes please get your boy wolfy
that's the quickest intro ever done
what's up guys just shut up yes oh my
god guys I am so thirsty I could use
some coca-cola but ah coca-cola is just
way too liquidy for me because I'm
really craving a slushy if only there
was something to turn this coca-cola
instantly into like slush whoa what is
that what are you what is this thing
chill factor this make slushies in less
than a minute no way there's no way this
thing can actually be real did you guys
see that I just showed up out of nowhere
I might as well use it
guys I ordered this in the mail and it
came in today you guys know I love my
science you guys know I love my DIYs you
guys know I love my cool ass inventions
so I'm gonna put the coca-cola inside of
this thing basically it says set one
freeze take me home and put me in the
freezer that's where I live so usually
or take like probably at least an hour
for this to start turning into slash but
we can do it in a minute step two bill
decision time what will you slush I can
make soda slushies juice slushies or
thick shakes so you can literally make a
slushy out of anything any liquid you
put it in this and you're gonna make a
dope slushie step 3
is squeeze so in less than one minute
those magic hands of yours will turn
liquid into ice just squeeze then you
just got a scoop scrape slurp enjoy dope
so this is what it looks like inside
it's like some baggie material like I
really don't know how to explain it it's
really squishy here like you can squish
it the full way is there instructions
that come with these okay so we got some
instructions okay so it tells you how to
wash it in the dishwasher we don't care
about cleaning it right now all we're
gonna do is make the slushy so here we
go no magic tricks guys pouring the coke
in here all of the coke as you guys can
see the foam comes up to the top
weighted out and pour the rested like
that literally this was made for a can
of soda because it goes to the very top
of it like there's no extra space in
there now we are going to put the cap on
I guess the slushy cap now the lid is on
tight and now all we got to do is what
squeeze
there's no way by the way update on my
pimple it is huge today it did not go
down at all overnight so kind of tease
about that I guess the cream didn't help
gonna go have to buy some new cream or
some shit today because this thing needs
to get off my face anyways guys we're
gonna start squeezing and I'll let you
know what's poppin in a minute
guys so I've been squeezing it for about
a minute I'm gonna tell you something
it's not working and I know why I don't
know why I thought I was magic wolfy
like I don't know why I thought I could
just freeze it out of nowhere obviously
you got to put this in the freezer first
guys I forgot the most crucial step you
have to put this in the freezer for like
it says four to six hours below a
certain temperature so what I'm gonna do
is I'm going to wash it out throw it in
the freezer and leave it there basically
all day so I'm gonna come back to it
later and make the slushie with it I
have freaking played myself I don't know
I thought I could do it out of nothing
guys look at this beautiful thing I just
picked up from the store this little
object that you see in front of your
face is a new USB stick I've had on for
the longest time it was only like 16
gigabytes but I just bought one that's
128 gigabytes so literally triple the
size of my old one this is about to be
lit when I need to transfer over my
files
I completely forgot to bring my vlog
camera to the store but I just picked up
my boy Chris Brule you know the guide if
you don't know him basically that's a
clip of us giving him a ps4 he's built
almost all of our computers right here
all our pcs except for Ryan Ryan doesn't
have a PC just as a MacBook you gotta
get MacBook and a PC if you're real G
but yeah he built them all so he took me
to the computer store today
he helped me pick out all the stuff in
store that I needed for my computer got
my new hat on today by the way he
haven't seen too much of this one
this one I got Nelly as well now I
officially have all the parts I need for
my new computer I'm amped he said he's
gonna start building it now you said he
might even do a little bit of a like a
time-lapse of him building the computer
so hopefully does that if he does that I
could throw that in one of the vlogs
coming up in the next few days but I
also sent a very strongly worded letter
to that one company that didn't respond
to me I told them their customer service
is EA and that if they do that ever to
King Wolfie again we're gonna have some
problems so hopefully they never do that
again
never ordering anything from them again
of cottage cheese you hear that let's
Bongo yelling upstairs he's filming too
anyways me and Ryan are filming his chip
taste test did a pop one like a month
ago or less than a month ago doing the
chip one today yo guys so these are the
chips that I just tested I'm not gonna
tell you how I did but let's just say I
did bless I mean if you don't know the
difference between your great value
chips and your Lay's chips who are you
playing like you didn't have a childhood
so I marked it actually you got to go to
Ryan's channel see you to.com slash when
sweets so easy
why do they have a bat in there anyways
let's go spine bomber you watch your ray
mm-hmm from the worst to the best okay
all right so guys we are headed off to
go to a few stores I think it's supposed
to go with Sylvia to go to the lighting
stores just colder she's not ready to go
yet so me and Ryan are gonna grab a
snack until she's driving through at
Wendy's right now I just picked up my
salad I have not been true to diet wolfy
so I got my salad not gonna say Oh Ryan
God might have arrived with a kanay der
your big guy only when you only order
salads when he goes to Wendy's not on
the food I'm gonna show you guys so Ryan
just out of a genius idea
we had no destination because Sylvia is
not ready to go to the Lighting Store
yet and it's very snowy outside as you
can see so he's like why not you inside
so then we're unit side guys I was gonna
sit in the corner spot the fireplace but
this one's more convenient guys I was
saying that I got a salad guys and
friggin Ryan as you can see got a triple
bacon a Turkish guy got a triple
Baconator he told me not to tell anyone
he's going to fill up extra ketchup for
his large fries and his large drink in
his large milkshake but can't be doing
that guys you gotta treat your body like
a temple victory okay guys so we just
got back to my house and I have a
conspiracy theory I whipped up basically
if you guys haven't seen everybody
should have heard about it by now
PewDiePie announced that he was gonna
delete his channel at 50 million
subscribers and over the past couple
days this guy has been gaining like a
hundred thousand subscribers daily
average today was the final push and he
got like a hundred and like thirty
thousand subscribers so far but yeah he
said he's gonna delete his channel
pewdiepie if you are watching this vlog
give me a channel bro but on the real
guys I don't think he's gonna delete his
channel here's my conspiracy theory this
isn't really a conspiracy theory it's
just a theory
I think PewDiePie is gonna delete his
second channel jacksepticeye to the one
that he got the gold play button for cuz
there ain't no way this guy deletes his
channel anyways now I gotta help Silvia
with a thumbnail oh you took it all
right don't get a helper we're not even
getting Sylvia's lights anymore because
we don't have time the stores are
basically closed
damnit really in trailing salt and then
I thought oh Photoshop okay so guys that
won't feed you in the phone now yeah as
a little peas in the thumb you did a
good job you did a good job
so wolfies in the thumbnail trees in and
out got that oh guys it's been five
hours so guess what we can test out the
product that I put in the freezer this
morning let us open the freezer right
here it looks nice and chilly guys here
it is take it out take out the lid as
well the lids little frozen and now all
we got to do pretend that ever tried it
earlier we're gonna get old is one coke
lap perfect we're gonna get the one coke
left crack it open here and pour it in
here there Ryan
do you like slushies here we go we're
good that's about - wow it tastes longer
for the fizz to go down I guess with
with it being colder and all so wait for
the fish to go down and then pour the
final bit of coke in there now all we
got to do is squeeze it for about it
says like 1 minute but I'm pretty sure
it's already starting to get slushy I
don't know what is in here you can hear
crunch I can hear it's been like
Millikan's it's been 3 seconds guys
apparently the more you crunch it the
more slushy it becomes okay guys so it
is literally been about 40 seconds I've
just been talking to Ryan and squeezing
it and honestly I'm just gonna show you
this right away
you remove the cap slush literally slush
I don't know what the hell is happening
but I'm gonna squish it a little more
because I like my stuff really really
icy just do a couple more squishes here
so now that taste-test guys this is a
straw we're gonna take this part off I
don't know this is 402 scoop it a spoon
why not scoop it but it's a straw at the
same time just like a mid flurry straw
so we'll take a little sip on all the
liquid and why not have some slushy mmm
you know those ones you guys get from
the convenience stores I go Slurpees why
I need a Slurpee when you can make your
own in 60 seconds all you got to do is
leave it in the freezer overnight add
whatever liquid guys this can make any
liquid milk you can make your own ice
cream in this thing friggin juices sodas
water instant water ice instant anything
- ice in 60 seconds
family that Mythbusters myth tested myth
completed whatever this works
honestly 10 out of 10 I didn't think
would work so well but you want it to be
a little more slushy well we need more
slash somebody tell me why we still have
Halloween candy in my house it's almost
Christmas Christmas is like tomorrow and
we have tomorrow and we have Halloween
candy all over the house come on guys
what is this
so these putting up the rest of the
garland you know what that is right um
it's a product that's put it around the
Christmas tree so the guys garland is
fake deck whore this is Christmas deck
whore and deck whore is spelled de coeur
de cor and basically we're making a
house look festive AF so that we can be
in the Christmas spirit watching
Christmas movies oh look at that looks
so much better with a dog up there
though we'll feast a good ball T these
guys these are what we call footprints
we have these in Canada foot footprints
guys these are footprints so what
happens when there's snow on the ground
like this boom boom boom why are they
following me but we're just gonna put
sub subscribe subscribe and Swasey okay
what do you draw on there buddy please
oh God thank God I'm Way from this off
so guys I'm driving right now to go get
Sylvia food and this thing says please
leave your top running 24/7 we are doing
a 24/7 our challenge at a deserted
street with like I mean some people live
there there's a few cars on the road but
we're still gonna be here for about 24
hours so I'll update you guys in 24
hours from this moment in matter okay
guys so it's been 24 hours I had to take
my hat off it got too greasy but oh shit
I'm pretty sure this roads closed
it's like big machines going down here
Ryan's asleep this guy's literally
snoring cuz that's how long we've been
here 24 hours exactly okay I think I
wanna I think I want to rode this close
you think it is close but what if I live
on the road and I want to leave I always
thought about that you can't close a
road that people live on guys
we always get our Chinese food literally
honestly probably the best part Nara
from what I've had so far other than
like sushi spots and whatnot but I'll
show you what I'm about to get Sylvia
I'm running getting food to myself and
delivering it to her
she said she was hungry she was getting
it because I like to surprise to general
Chow chicken somewhere and then beef and
broccoli I'm getting her it's a little
more than the combo plate but the
general Chow chicken is the best you
guys we just got a pizza to the boy's
house and they didn't cut it once
who's gonna cut this who has even
cutting skills oh yeah hey BJ hey my
boys is way too hot you need to cut it
ah no one can know they didn't cut both
I'm leaving a house right now well any
of your hats that's a call back let me
leave your house whoa
have you caught one and not the other
David no Ryan just forgot Ryan called
Aiden rib did he say yo don't cut one
and then let me say I get one slice so I
was just at the boy's house for a bit
and we're watching a bunch of our old
old old videos like all full team album
videos that everyone was in we also
watched some of the videos when we were
in Florida and that was the fucking best
time ever so that made me realize like
how far we've all come since honestly
just within the year it's crazy to think
about but I just wanted to thank you
guys so much for sticking around thank
you so much for subscribing always
supporting your boy and YouTube is doing
what we never imagined could have
happened like with in such a short
period of kind like we were all just
talking and I was just like shit like
who would have thought that we would be
like going out to LA like going out to
Florida as a squad like that's dope
so shall I tell you guys that support me
I love you guys so damn much it's always
nice to go and look back on the videos
just to see how far that you've come and
that doesn't even apply to just YouTube
there's a lot of times where I'm just
where I think that I do nothing and then
I look back at pictures and I'm like
shit I did that I did that I did that
so documenting everything obviously
helps because then you can just look
back and see everything you did not in
real time but still on video that's part
of the reason why I chose to do vlogs
first of all I got sucked into vlogs
when I just started watching a bunch of
people and I was like yeah why don't I
just blog too because in 10 years from
now I want to be able to look back on
videos even though I'm kind of gonna be
like kind of embarrassed because I was a
goof but still it's just cool to see how
much you've progressed in the years and
see how much you've changed so I'm very
happy that I started doing vlogs and I'm
very happy that I've continued to do
vlogs I do not plan on stopping anytime
soon but yeah that was adult time of the
boys I had to say peace to Ryan because
he's leaving tomorrow morning I don't
really know when he's leaving you guys
might have to see Ryan one more time
before he leaves back to Toronto and
then decided to come back to Otto on the
next week or I might go up to Toronto
we'll see I'm not really digging the
snow too much here so I'm looking for
any reason right now to get out of
Ottawa when I go back to LA preferably a
warmer spot christmas is coming up I
don't really know what I'm doing for
that yet I also gotta figure that out
every year around this time like
literally like I'm a terrible planner I
cannot plan I always do things like the
last second or the day before anything
it doesn't matter how big doesn't matter
how important it is I never planned New
Year's until like maybe two or three
days before and then I always end up
doing like a whole lot of nothing like
sometimes I'll go to a party I'll always
be hanging out with friends but like
usually people think the same way as I
do and they plan my second and we're
always doing not what we could have been
doing if we planned earlier I want you
guys to comment down below don't forget
about New Year's just so that I don't
forget about New Year's that's a comment
for today if all of you guys are
watching this video right now just pause
the video here scroll down to the
comments section and comment wolfie do
not forget about New Year's don't forget
to plan about New Year's that way I know
and I know Sylvia will look at all these
comments too we will know not to forget
about New Year's I don't know if a
juniors gonna do during New Year's but
we'll figure that out later oh yeah I'm
gonna end the vlog off there I hope you
guys enjoyed you guys know what to do
right now go down smash that like button
let's hit 25,000 likes you already know
what it is wolf am also sure to be I'm
feeling generous today 3 shall I shot it
to you guys you guys are the friggin
best and I will see you guys on mobile
feet where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage leggo
