so there's one final step and all you
got to do for that step and smash the
like button right now I know what city
boy won't be welcome back to more Wolfie
now today we have something very special
for you guys back of Ryan sways Swayze
baby what's up more won't be I miss you
guys go like my top comments go like the
video that's hit thirty five thousand
likes on this video because today I've
got some juicy news for you guys
this is conspiracy detective Wolfie it's
taking away from me is insane
is it one I'd show you guys everything
all the evidence I have it's ridiculous
so basically everybody watching this
video clicked on it because they want to
know and Logan Paul is coming back I'm
gonna tell you guys when he's coming
back
well you just text me the date yeah well
there's more evidences so a lot of you
guys know what happened to him I'm not
gonna brush on that I gave my opinion on
that I'm staying out of that this is how
we know he's coming back I have a bunch
of music videos this is kind of like a
tribute cuz I miss Logan and I think it
looks like he's off the plow it's weird
not having it it's weird not having him
on the platform like we got Jake but we
don't got Loki's nothing it's not the
same we need the Paul bros regardless of
if you love them or hate them it's weird
not having them on the platform anyways
so I have three videos and then one last
hint at the end of these videos we're
gonna react to them but I'm gonna show
you guys little things that you did not
notice in each of these videos because
he's been telling us he's gonna
disappear off YouTube for a little bit
for time poof ready I'm gonna miss him
but you already know he's got nothing
wrong with that oh holy crap anyways we
have three videos the first one is this
Santa dis track we already did a
reaction to that
but it's the small thing so I'm just
gonna let it believe imma let it look
carefully look carefully listen that you
see something I didn't see anything that
here we go
what do you mean he wouldn't do it data
said you won't live so nice much pay
very close attention I got a mess did
you know you said for sure like that
least we sure he's for sure coming back
and for sure he has to take it really
the first time I listened to this I
thought that was obvious like I did it I
didn't take that it no I never took that
in but no no I need yeah I'm taking it
in he's richer coming back that's what
I'm saying
cool but it gets better like this hold
on guys you see the horse let's kiss her
legs for legs
he ran away from YouTube that's cool
tonight right yeah bite means like his
futures brave oh wait for it okay do you
see how you said I ain't heard from you
at all because we as a fans have not
heard from him at all take that in road
you are so smart and he said twenty two
Christmases cuz he's 22 years old but he
really wanted you to see that he just
wasn't coming back 22 days after
Christmas two days - three three - we
have to - ten was the date anyway isn't
happen but that's just the start now I'm
gonna skip - I want everyone to follow
with me okay this is really you gotta
follow along one minute six seconds rip
this we're going to one minute and six
seconds when he's plugging his merge
don't work hey he's been putting it work
behind the scenes oh my god you see what
I'm saying and he said yes I don't think
I could do this video well like it gets
deep I'm telling you guys this
conspiracy theory is more than anything
you guys have ever seen this guy's to
you too so I wrote you like oh my texts
- Riley's almost smashed like what if
you want to be as smart as Ryan sways
but yo
Yeah right this is just a song it
doesn't come in yet
oh yeah dirty side jingle almost there
you see that's my holiday single you see
how he said it I'll play it one more
time you know what that means no okay
he said that's my holiday single because
he was gonna pretty much break up with
the fans for about a week and a half and
we were gonna be single and it was just
after the holidays just after the
holidays you're gonna be single and now
the holidays
oh my little things like this it's like
the regular person won't understand it
but when you're me and Brian well you
get these things like I could I don't
know how I didn't see this the first
time you know what I mean I first
thought and when I first heard it I
thought he meant like it's the holiday
single oh that's what he wanted you to
think but like he it was much deeper
than a single single after the holidays
holiday doing this we're single honestly
Logan near genius but now we go to two
minutes and six seconds watch this he
has to do yeah yeah I knew that I knew
that he says let him live look at the
next item live you didn't see what I'm
saying like he has to do let him live
he's talking about Santa and elves but
he's realistically talking about himself
it's much deeper he's projecting it onto
Santa and the elves but it's more about
us well open like he's on like a net now
next level bro in this Lydia it's kind
of true because like when you upload for
how many days like 400 days in a row of
daily vlogs I can't even do two daily
vlogs
I don't even post every day I try okay
I'm trying for you guys but sometimes I
miss a day here and there you get tired
okay does this a day I upload so come
check out my channel oh it's blue what I
don't post on there I post on my
Instagram wavy pic will be on it yeah
right here oh my god hit that fireball
anyways guys that's all it is in the
first song Santa dis track nothing else
you need to worry about that one second
one actually was dropped a while ago
October 15 2017 well this one has juice
the title already says it out of my hair
out of my hair let me live you know you
know if you look go to zero zero zero
it's a blank screen it's like you just
freed his mind yeah a lot of people just
be like bro what that's just to start
the video he's gonna be a white screen
well he could have made it like way
longer to make it black like a black
fella he's like I'd like I want you guys
to feel at home I'd feel scream so cool
he knew then this was happening anyways
let's let it play a little bit look at
them look at the right side of the
screen the guys wearing a jean jacket
you know how are you kidding it's
ridiculous what he does well that's so
awesome
thanks Greg are you really gonna what is
the G jacket mean those are you gonna
tell them what cuz it's so obvious so
what is it be like bro he's like turning
his back to us as you know he was
wearing the jean jacket in the video
yeah so he's turning his back so he's
like yeah that's in the past me so this
is getting this is this video want to be
new he's going in the past we went to
older videos we went to an older video
just to show that he's in the past and
this is past and Kings yeah we don't
really say that part because because he
did the effort yeah they do make any
sense
all these guys are gonna get it they
know what they want
it was just low key zoom it on the
friggin G jockeys training is like that
kids that is loking by the way strain
he's an extra in his own video doctor
Yeti oh here we go my god he threw the
guards away oh boy do you see that go
back go back
we're 15 seconds go back to 17 seconds
17 seconds everyone's turning on that's
what it would that's how everyone's
looking at him right now everyone's
turning on him cuz they're like oh he's
the bad guy they're all like yeah yeah
so much looking back at him and we just
thought it was get out of my head yeah
but he do it was coming it's just like
Jesus he's a genius standing with your
girls looking good
look at that 27 seconds look at the girl
in the background
she's blurred out because he's blurring
out the haters I can't even
anyways that's a likkle thing we're
gonna go to one minutes and 12 seconds
and show you this is where he is spicy
this is insane watch you see that look
on his face hold on one minutes and 12
seconds late again it's how he feels
wrong that's how he feels because we the
post how many girls know where you get
stressed and that's how he's feeling
here out of my head like get off me bro
like we're moving on to our lives come
on man I can't believe it's just like
little things like this that he's been
trying to hit for months and like the
Milani I have not good you could not do
you guys all you guys to clean your
little gangsters like we're low gangster
you didn't see it what's the last look
so sorry this apology perfect yeah you
know there's next vlogs coming soon but
I'll tell you why it's coming soon in a
second we're go 2-1 minutes and 39
seconds in this one watching mine
walking down stairs so your person came
around the corner with a Caterham
see this you see this is religion so
clear
no like I can't even believe this what
is like bro this is ridiculous how do
they not know already why do you guys
not see what's going on it clearly says
it on the streets bro tell me how there
was rain there it never rains in LA but
it just the past couple of days have
been raining in LA meaning as soon as
the rainstorms done there's gonna be
shine rainbows
Logan's thinking about it but that's not
evident he's droppin bro anyways come
another that's light work I would like
any detective to 20 seconds yeah it's
insane bro tell me you know it's raining
in LA yeah Logan Paul uh-huh see the oh
in the G yeah switch it oh how cool yeah
how like go to the pool like or oh are
we gonna have to wait to somewhere host
there's no one go over to the pool it's
cool I'd nah it didn't nobody drops
another line in the next track so that's
why you need to see about but well I'm
just taking that in there's one last
track which we need to give tribute to
it's no handlebars guys bye Logan Paul I
cannot even believe this is where
everything gets when you if you guys are
confused right now I'm telling you
you're not gonna be confused by the way
no this is where everything becomes
clear this one we need to listen to a
bunch of the song though because I'll
get ready he comes into the bike shop
everything's calm oh so far nice
mr. Logan oh yeah what qualifies job
exactly do you really want to know
here's what I can do okay
what does he you Travis tanner because
bro what I got from it and this is just
obvious as a detective it's just like no
handlebars doesn't mean no handlebars on
a bike
it means like I've been riding
handlebars dropping too many vlogs in a
row and I need to just do no head of our
survey like no change it up like change
it up
no vlogs maybe no blogs for a week in a
bit maybe I'll be back soon we have the
text on Ryan's phone oh my god and he's
not talking about girls like Ryan girls
with no handlebars he's like I can make
these vids with no handlebars like I
just need a break well that is clear
yeah I was thinking like knowing I'm the
worst broke you take gold bars spelled
backwards
yep is sorry beep so like sorry B island
sounds like let it be
so he's like telling us sorry ahead of
time yeah but that was like crystal
clear yeah they would obviously I was
pointing out and that the we're on the
same page yeah so next up go from 24
seconds because this one is has a lot of
little little clues guys
everything else she's a fifth gear I'm a
ten-speed everyone's going five Keys
going ten but ten means more than speed
it means it's been ten seven eight days
ten sweet
that's after ten days is when he starts
to go sweet that's insane bro anyways
he has my shoes there did you see that
one which one bro he's filming in the
daytime and then there's day and night
mm-hmm so he's probably gonna drop in
the day or night coming soon like why do
we need to go to his recent pic on
Instagram
700,000 comments when we could be going
to mine even like in my pics because
it's like I'm telling you when he's
gonna be back so you don't need to ask
him we're telling you in the day you
probably slept at night see how he's
doing the Kendrick Lamar
he's trying to stay humble not he's
doing the Kendrick Lamar humble as well
if you guys don't know what that is
look at this as you can see same video
effect he's trying to qs2 Kendrick Lamar
Kendrick stays humble Logan's trying to
stay humble so he doesn't he doesn't
need to drop all the videos you know
like he doesn't need it you still pop
and he's gonna come back as when we pop
in you doesn't need it so you staying
humble this guy moves us to Kendrick
ninja wraps wraps wrap it's contrary
wrap backwards no it's coming to a wrap
I'm sure and he's showing us subpart
something far to come some part yeah oh
if you really think about it
man's not hot no I'm sorry those are my
own lyrics link in the description to
that if you actually think about it bro
wrap its wrapping up the break is
wrapping up anyways we're gonna go to
the last words none no hard 70s
look at that that's it that is the final
one if you go to 2:16 in the song no
handlebars this way really shows you
guys look at this we play it he takes
the metal thing throws it that makes
bang sound effect he's coming back with
a bang that's it
are you serious it's not gonna be no
subpart he's coming back with a bang and
just to show you guys one more thing
this is showing a line just to show you
this is ridiculous
go to his channel if we look at his most
recent uploads look at the title of them
you guys gotta follow along because I'm
gonna go really quick with this most
recent upload is this apology okay I
accept your apology Logan it's called so
sorry but we look at the next upload
after that we're gonna go forwards into
that title where it says go in we merge
the first two videos so sorry go in next
video top middle next video of right
before Japan next video my youtube
channel what happens when we go into the
middle of his YouTube channel we see the
word maverick maverick has eight letters
you know what that has to do it there's
seven days in a week eight is right
after seven the days in the week have
night and day like we already
but that was obvious and there's Sun and
moons in the day and night and what
rhymes with moon so he's coming back
soon in the day of the night one way or
the other that's all I'm saying
smacks to like a button if you're
excited for him to come back so I feel
like wonder if you're not excited for
him to come back whatever guys I solved
the conspiracy theory all I took was to
light skid row their suede is um I'm
strong
I'd say bro it's like emotional
we actually did hard so you guys can
expect the logan paul vlog soon but it
might not be a vlog it might be a bang
so here's one final step if you want to
know the exact time and all you got to
do for that step is smash the like
button right now hit it right now and it
will show you in the comments the exact
time that he's coming back on youtube
yeah that's it that's how you gotta do
might be reinstall comment I'll be there
guys all I gotta say is look smack you
in the video
yeah I'm with that down below you're
welcome for this guy's it is what it is
obviously subscribe to my man Ryan
please like him we broke the code as
long as we're your family
yeah let's do this this was not for user
any way shape or form we would never do
that
nope we just wanted to like help the
people I'm not gonna monetize this video
because like why I'm glad monetize it
more than once mm-hmm cuz like you know
we have to feed the family yeah so
anyways Ryan's link will be in the
description my Instagram is Instagram
will be in description go spam our pics
and I will see you guys soon all more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
sounds in my main channel Anna's always
takes out Lego
