good morning eh Oh what's it your boy
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie guess
what BAM if you're looking at this color
right now and you see green your color
blood
comment down below what color you see
right now honestly guys I'm not an
optometrist so I couldn't actually
guarantee that though but this is how
you get views 2016 on YouTube YouTube
doesn't rate me anymore guys they won't
put me on the training page they won't
put me in YouTube rewind so I gotta get
these you somehow so the way I'm going
to get these views is by doing
apparently like optical illusions and
like colorblind videos I like the viral
trend on YouTube right now so obviously
your boy it has no originality I'm a
copy on these trends so but you see
green you're colorblind
go ahead toss me the blue dishwasher if
you see blue you're colorblind because
it's orange someone's got to put this
away bro someone put this green okay got
you broom away put it right beside the
white of everything now put it was hand
away if you see this you're actually
colorblind no but guys seriously on
today's vlog I'm gonna be going over
some crazy illusions and stuff I'm about
to trick your mind there's so many
tricks online these days that I thought
why not go over them with the wolf em
and see if they work on your boy so go
down smash that like button and then
hopefully some of these illusions work
on me and work on you guys at home
they're excited describe your meals
chicken yeah let's begin guys I'm going
to show you the process for one of them
and then we're going speed room because
I don't wanna waste any time where I
kind of all about here so yeah okay guys
so Ryan's gonna take this color blind
test that I took the other day basically
all you got to do is start it out yeah
and then type in whatever number you see
on the screen okay okay so start test
where do you tell you might Loki be
colorblind start now okay so what do you
see whoa okay an eight it's gonna get
harder are you ready yeah I'm ready you
might be colorblind really at thirty
thirty vision no you don't know legit
like I'm like okay that one is hard for
me to see that one's also kinda hard
while you see no eyes can you see that
one kill that one with life
Oh what do you you saw that yeah what do
you mean
bro I can't see shit excuse me but
there's no number there's no number yo
do you guys do a low at this point where
I can't see one legit I can I don't do
unsure though you gotta click something
okay i'ma go with you don't see anything
no yeah I don't see anything guys
imma believe if you guys see this down
below comment what it is cuz go we can't
see shit n8 I was gonna say na it's a
lucky number
what is that really I say one I see a
one now and I can see just shut the
hello I can see yeah that's the one so
one it was a five no it was definitely a
five that one I can see no you can't
yeah I can will see a two there was an
eight no it was a date what I never said
I was a date what is it for for I was a
9 you're colorblind 2 2 8
get out obvious is how does it say like
your percentage a yeah yeah yeah you'll
see your percentage I press 9
I froze so you got mild protein 80% mild
protein based on customer satisfaction
we asked me there is 80% chance that the
end chroma glasses will help with your
colorblindness you're colorblind you are
what is it protein type color vision
deficiency is a type of red-green color
blindness where the red cones in
high-tech this is like something web
everybody's dead respond to more to
green light you're actually colorblind
no this is one of the guys take this
test and see if you're coming because I
took this test and I wasn't colorblind I
think I got a higher percentage than
Ryan but I'll take it one more time just
cuz or maybe they're just trying to
study awesome glasses and then post on
YouTube maybe they just shut us out but
I'll retake the test laid out I'm just
gonna skip to the end result that I get
guys I just finished and I got normal
color vision so I do not need the
glasses so they're not just kind of sell
Ryan
no keep out of my back pocket if you
guys see green you are colorblind so you
might need to go to this website check
your color vision out and then come back
to me and let me know in the comments
down below and just hit that like button
because this will help you with good
luck it'll help you pass the colorblind
cash flow you're not colorblind if you
don't have to like button then you're
gonna be colorblind so you might want to
hit that like that but a recap guys
normal color vision we're good to go I'd
use mine for yours I got no one you got
Cleveland you're in the kitchen they saw
you take the whole test don't play this
so guys check out this this is one
optical illusion look how regular these
girls look it says three pretty woman
now flip the image upside down so as
soon as you flip it look what they look
like what the fuck
their eyes are upside down but now will
you go to the original image it's like
kind of weird actual flipped okay I've
actually flip it upside down
no I'm flipping upside down okay so it
is Wow they look weird but your eyes
trick you so like I seen that with it
they'll that's trippy as hell okay that
was all so trippy iself what is going on
here upon entering this room people of
average height seem to become either
dwarves or Giants so I guess the further
on the left you stand you just look like
like a midget
okay one more optical illusion to start
the day off you got to do these optical
illusions in the morning because if you
do you're gonna test your mind strength
to the limit and then you're gonna go
into the date being on an all-time sky
high of mind-blowing knows how many
circles are there how many 1 2 4 is it 4
circles yeah yeah I think I've seen this
illusion yeah it says 4 circles up here
and well done do you mean because it's
supposed to look like a spiral but it's
really just 4 circles on top of each
other ok guys now the illusions are done
I am taste testing something for dad's
channel chicken but he's the king of oh
good those little prints of DIY Prince
of DIY only above the chicken that's it
chicken so it's like some type of
chicken we're doing a taste test I'm not
showing you any of my reaction because
it's all going to be on Chad's channel
or Ryan's just double check Ryan's it
might be on right
- sure yet but it looking it's gonna be
how jobs though let's get a bunch of you
know lights gives on the chicken okay
guys so I'm switching the scenery up a
bit I got this baseball bat I'm probably
barely gonna use this in the video but
there is a high potential chance of
sunshine and also a high potential
chance of me smoking something with this
baseball bat so you guys know this
kitchen you guys know this kitchen
pretty damn well filmed a lot of videos
in this kitchen
yeah show mitt this yah what yeah that's
all mine all that stuff my god Bongo and
Ryan here I think they're gonna help me
film and the goal of this video is at
least a bang or the first part is the
first part is pretty easy but oh God
every Wolfie intro be like oh yeah I
want to bang out some of the video well
it's still sunny outside because I want
to be outside you guys know here it gets
dark around 5 p.m. and it's kind of
shitty because I wake up at like
sometimes 11:00 or 12:00 so I only have
like 5 hours of sunshine so I'm really
limited on when I film my videos these
days but we're gonna power through it
and here we go so guys we're moving on
to the next scene it's snowy outside but
Ryan and Bongo are gonna come down there
I'm gonna toss an object off to them I
just literally thought of like the
perfect thing to do for this video and
we are doing it the video is only really
well so far so just a quick update on
the video this is going to be a banger
BAM there it is I already know lots you
guys just freeze-frame
you obviously know what it is it's a
cool invention that's all I'm saying
guys if you ever get tired selkies you
want to go with the beef pad to chickens
nice shrimp it if you're feeling extra
fluffy like beef katsu is the week ago
show you what it looks like I'm going to
tell you this and I'm going to tell you
this once guys when you get your beef
pad sue you got this you're going to
take this poison sauce because this is
I'm pretty sure what they put on it and
just put a little more I already did
that though next you're going to grab
sriracha because David you know it's a
real sriracha god I am you know the
drill now put it up there and now once
it's all there that's good but it's only
good for like the first couple bites so
now grab a container put more sriracha
sauce in here local more poison we just
get this nice angle I don't know what
you guys can see right now hopefully
it's something good so just follow my
instructions it's simple just look at
everything I'm doing right now now the
last step the peanuts peanuts on top
here repeal it yep oh yeah right in
those peanuts and the line grab a lime
here and just get that lime juice
sirwhere be serious so I don't go places
and few people guys you need anything
else spoons for yes forks adoption okay
guys I just drop to the boys house and I
know David loves his tag Express so
obviously you want to split some of my
beef fat ooh yeah you know whoa whoa
whoa just say yes yes okay I got you
some chopsticks everybody dig in
yeah guys David stealing all the
chopsticks you actually use them though
okay guys so right now me and Ryder
headed off to the PIO box but I wanted
to update you guys quickly while I was
driving I thought about this the new car
that I got I really wanted to surprise
you guys once it was all done I wanted
to get black rims on it and like that
was like the last thing I needed to do
before I made a video showing you guys
it but the process has been a little
delayed I'm still going to show it to
you guys soon it's not gonna have a
black rims on it because right now the
car has its winter tires on it and I
can't really take those off because the
snow here is starting to pile up so I'm
gonna have a video within the next
couple days
explaining all about the new car I got I
hope you guys are answer the video I
think you guys are really going to like
it so just stay tuned for that some of
you guys have been to
me and some of you guys have been
leaving comments on my videos I see
those two don't worry it's coming soon
so guys we just picked up some stuff
from the PIO box
Ryan's got a bunch of stuff oh now
Ryan's sui's actually he opened up a P o
box recently same fluke it's like my P o
box number so that's view just send us
whatever you want but this one
apparently has been sitting in the
office for time it has a bunch of my
thumbnails on it I wonder when I just
got wolfy jr. when I rose to myself I
love the big boxes keep sending me big
big boxes last-second decision guys I'm
taking it easy tonight I'm gonna pick up
wine I'm also going to pick up flowers
for Sylvia I've been really busy I
haven't had too much time to just kick
back with her in a minute so I'm gonna
surprise you with this she thinks I'm
gonna prank her but this is not a prank
and guys you cannot go wrong with some
Lindor chocolates nice assortment of
chocolates in this one so if she doesn't
like one of the kind you know I'm here
to eat it I don't mind eating extra
chocolate and then Swayze is gonna eat
anything that she doesn't eat I found
the perfect flowers for Sylvia guys were
going with the cat grass the organic 349
I don't know if you guys have ever
watched a Ryan so a slug this guy blogs
to his first long ever
he bought bamboo sticks he was gonna buy
bamboo sticks cuz they're on sale we
have them no but he's going to be I was
like mini lo nice money money tree money
tree that's for the lip stuff let me
just grab this oh my God look at this
dollar bill tree that girl's mad at God
or you could just get the rainbow oh
that's the best one but actually what is
this these real flowers or what flowers
don't come in these colors these are
dyed oh yeah it is done this store has
the garland that Sylvia was looking for
yesterday they I'm gonna hold off on
them until Sylvia comes back here with
me because I don't want to get the wrong
thing Brian loves hunting for Chip deals
see I said every chip deal this guy 3:53
mr. Keith 2:54 ladies on sale I found
one without any decorations on it guys
this is exactly what we need
shut up to you amar for sending me this
sriracha in this huge box boxes do the
box is amazing but um totally I was like
hey what could this guy send me and
everything all that was in this big hats
box was this sriracha bruschetta - you
know the INA sriracha got real I was
expecting bad man like break it down
like a time frame I mean bro like in
chronological order and then this
sriracha I'm gonna put this in the
t-mobile fridge letter always Lona
sriracha they could use it so I just
dropped all the peel box stuff that
wasn't mine at the elbow house I open
the one package right now it's 8:25 I
told Sylvia to be ready for 8:30 - out
of thinks that I'm gonna prank her or
that we are going somewhere she's like
should I bring wolfy jr. literally I
just told her get ready I don't even
know why I told her to get ready but I
wanted to get her act up you feel me I
wanted to get it ready for these flowers
that I got her I got her some like pink
some pink flowers I don't know what they
are they kind of look like roses might
be pink roses I'm very excited just to
lay low and kick it with Sylvia tonight
haven't done a night like this in a
while probably gonna watch a movie so
guys the wine is here it's been cracked
we're gonna put this up in a bit this
needs to go where that thing is
basically like it's missing you guys
have the best boyfriend whole wide world
and you should all be jealous of it
Sylvia got her chocolate a here got our
wine and what else like it we all ours
over there yeah yeah oh yeah the flowers
are up here next to Sylvia's DIY
ornament
think she made this by herself that
looks this is a yeah if you guys are
wondering what is on my face right now
I'm getting like two pimples here and
Sylvia just decided to put some more
shit on my forehead I don't really get
too many pimples anymore
my skin is cleared up over the years but
when I do get pimples it's not just the
small pimples it's like one of those
deep deep deep pimples that is
impossible to like get out you can't pop
it you put cream on it but the cream
really doesn't get that deep under your
skin so you just gotta wait it out I
know about every single hack there is to
know about pimples because I used to
have a lot worse skin the toothpaste on
the pimple like there's mad stuff you
can put on the pimple to dry it out but
Sylvia has like this
crazy cream so I'm gonna try it
overnight and see if it does any damage
in the morning it's really hard not to
pick out it but I'm gonna do my best
because I don't want this to leave a
scar so movie time we don't know we're
watching and I think I brought these
back from my house I don't think those
are wolfies and certified cats my mom
put them on like the pile of stuff I
need to bring back to my house so mom I
have your cat stuff I don't need it
Wolfie can you please stop eating the
garland oh you're trying to put it up
okay weird yeah here put it up man get
you a dog that can do both so guys I
flopped again me and Sylvia watched the
movie Sully I don't know if you guys
have ever seen the commercial for that
one it's where like the pilot has to
land the airplane in the water it was a
banger but as soon as we finished
watching it all I remember was Sylvia
asking me to come to bed I was like semi
asleep on the couch right here and then
I remember almost passing on the floor I
I think like a few days ago I fully
passed out on the floor had to wake up
in the middle of the night and then
carry my ass to the couch something is
wrong with me like I definitely have a
sleeping problem recently I think all
the sleep that I've been missing out has
finally been catching up to me not a
good habit to have I don't recommend it
to anyone but you know what Yolo you
live day by day
motivational will be yeah I forgot to
end the vlog off yesterday so I'm going
to end the vlog off right now this
morning I hope you guys enjoyed do not
forget to go down smash that like button
I want 25,000 thumbs up hit it right now
shut up to my boy Daniel for being
active AF on Twitter and if you made it
to the end of the vlog comment down
below for this floor comment down below
floor and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we say a little bit
more sours in my main channel and as
always stay sad yeah go
