good morning ayo what's get at your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy if you
guys hear that right now I am on the
line with one of the computer part
companies I've been waiting like four
damn months to get my computer I don't
know why it's still not in yet literally
every issue that you can think of having
one ordering apart online or ordering
anything online I'm having so let me
just open up this window get some light
in this room lights cannot to look nice
I'm gonna let you feel me but the one
thing about these calls is like I don't
sit around and wait while I'm waiting
for someone to answer the phone I'm
gonna be productive as hell so let me
just shave my dirt - real quick still on
hold
so da piece - the ugly facial hair that
I can grow now I'm gonna play the music
like in here oh no one ate oh my god
I was caller number 9 for the past 20
minutes now I'm caller number 8 like
they said 15-minute wait time it's been
like 15 minutes so far jeez anyways like
I was saying turn this up you hear that
royalty-free music whoa whoa I just get
so loud pick up the phone please
why'd you pooping house why did you poop
nurse why would you do that whoopie pie
Whoopie
I gotta go I gotta go because we didn't
take this dog out this morning because
it's really snowy outside he pooped in
the house you pooped in the house come
here now let me take him outside you go
to the bathroom he goes poop and pee
outside and he doesn't like doing it
inside anymore
right he's a little camera-shy sir just
bear with me stop biting my foot please
just stop biting my foot leave me alone
just leave me alone let me chase him
yo'ii let's go let's go run huh go go go
I'm coming
Jesus hurry up
gimme let's go every morning you guys
want to take your multivitamins and
you're right NC State hell if you
already know what it is and the fact
that they taste delicious obviously
doesn't hurt anyone I love these things
sometimes I take a little too much and I
obviously get the ones that you can chew
because they are delicious and
for the multivitamins get the gummy ones
because
things are let who said you can't be
kind of healthy and eat junk food at
same time wait oh okay so you guys are
not even gonna believe what happened
basically I was put on hold for like 25
to 30 minutes for this computer company
and for the longest time I was like
caller number nine so they're like hey
you're caller number nine please wait
all of our representatives are currently
busy right now so I was like hey you
know what even though I called one
minute or thirty seconds after your
office is open I'll be number nine okay
whatever I'll take the L I'll wait on
the line because I want to get this
stuff figured out ASAP so I was like
word okay I'll just sit down do some
stuff while I wait but now I'm fully
ready
it took me literally like 15 minutes to
get to caller number eight which was
dope cuz I was like camp moving down
numbers we're on our way to the top
boiler we're gonna get this I'm gonna
figure out my computer part two minutes
later I go down to caller number seven
one minute later I go down to color like
number five it skips to numbers then it
goes right to two at this point I'm like
hey why am i moving down so fast like
are people just hanging up are people
having like quick issues that can be
solved like immediately like I don't
know what's going on at this point so I
get down to car number one it's been
like 25 minutes at this point I'm like
yes I can figure out this computer part
I can tell them to cancel in one part
order the new part we're gonna get a
computer within the next week I'm like
blessed here we go that's what I've been
waiting for at this point it's like okay
you are now caller number one you're
first in line to talk to the next
representative basically you're good to
go and then immediately after it tells
me that it puts me to some like
automated system saying we're too busy
right now by the way I'm number one at
this point like I am the next person to
talk to the next representative that's
available but it still puts me to some
automated system it's like thank you for
calling everyone's too busy right now
you're gonna have to go online and send
us an email at blah blah blah email com
even though we didn't respond to your
last email that you send like three days
ago even though we said that there's a
48-hour rule that we should respond to
you within 48 hours of you emailing us
even though we didn't do that we're
still gonna send you back to the online
and what I'm gonna talk to you in person
I'll say it before and I'll say it again
do not order computer parts online
unless you need that exact part it's way
easy to get them in store or it's way
easy to get them from like a trusted
site when I order them through all sorts
of sites so I do not like these sites
anymore another day another car being
covered
snow guys the soil winter looks like in
Canada this is just the beginning
this is wolfies first day in actual snow
first day go pee go pee in the snow
where you going he's like what is this
oh my god
that's what dog pee in the snow looks
like whoopee he goes that much at a time
and then he stops anyways guys I cannot
find the brush from my car to take off
the snow so we're gonna have to do it
the old-fashioned way
just gotta use your arm to get out the
windows you guys want to see some snake
movements look at this we were looking
for my brush and I found one in my mom's
garage this is a blue one but mine's red
so I was like yo where's the red one at
and if you look in my mom's car you can
see that my red one is in there she has
two how did I get my mom's car I have no
idea but her car is spic and span
sparkly as hell my car is still
absolutely disgusting it's Merc so imma
steal it back to my mom I don't need
this blue one
put it over here take that alright guys
we're gonna use this one the cool thing
about these ones is that you can press
it and then you can shift it this way so
now it's a brush this way and it can be
a brush the other way if you can also
extend how long it goes hold up one hand
it's pretty hard but now we got a long
one and look at this guy's now you can
just brush the snow off see mom it's
just that much easier when you don't
steal my stuff I don't know how I got
your car okay guys we're going Christmas
tree shopping only $399 slip yeah we
rock Canadian Tire this is where Soviets
have been get a nice Christmas tree all
I gotta say is cook it open the
crock-pot guys I might buy this just for
the song lyrics only yah yah yah yah yah
yah she bets it a bone
can you thought wait these knees
watching us wait I got they be my clone
you told him how you did that infinity
old lady's hurting it yeah there's two
nine year old ladies and I just did that
line they're like who's this
young hooligan shut up - lil uzi here's
the trees guys - what's with the purple
ornament theme I don't rate these that's
how I'm talking about gold look to you
right
every ornament guys they literally have
everything here
ranging from like the lights to the
ornaments to the actual tree itself to
what this thing's blinding me okay don't
look directly into this but check this
out guys right now we're thinking about
getting the white tree so the white okay
combos but the white tree is up here
this is the one Sylvia wants because she
is like a white and gold theme in her
room so it's actually called the lighted
Claremont tree number 69 number 69 no
Kelly
but we got to ask for an employee to use
this thing to get it down for us because
I'm not gonna try and jump on actually
you know what it we're going up and
play guys for those of you that
celebrate Christmas comment down below
what your favorite thing to put on the
Christmas tree was was it like the star
or whatever you put on the top which by
the way I think we're getting like this
DS 2 star you can't really see it but
it's in there or was it like the
ornaments because there's mad ornaments
but my favorite stuff out of everything
having to do with Christmas was the
candy canes on the Christmas tree that
you got to eat because I literally just
picked one by one off until they're all
merked
and then the Orange Crush candy canes
hey those were lit as hell comment down
below what your favorite
ornament or favorite thing to put on the
Christmas tree was if you don't
celebrate Christmas you're G still I
love you you don't need to comment that
just comment that wolfies oh god are you
ready to go to the mall come on are you
ready to go to the mall Ryan why did you
hang out with me bro hello oh here you
go yeah you ready to go to the mall huh
are you ready to go to the mall yeah
yeah yeah yeah we go huh what do you say
we're nowhere how do we did that video 4
to 5 what do you think after the mall
you just got video supplies
nobody got them but I yeah we can home
can't be there in three minutes
Ryan is a goof this guy's been messaging
me all day so you're what do you say
what are you saying I told him I could
go to the mall but I had to go get
Christmas supplies with Silvia so while
she's putting up the tree I'm gonna go
to the mall and at least grab a Herschel
bag cuz I really need a new bag and then
I might do a little bit of Christmas
shopping I'm not too sure but apparently
Ryan and them are filming at the boys
house so I don't know if I'm gonna have
to go to the mall solo dolo if they're
filming I'm about to interrupt so guys I
just got to the boys house and I brought
my Doritos bag that's what I bought from
the store when we went Christmas tree
shopping and I just kicked it over there
and it made the biggest mess of life
it's amassed oh guy seems honestly we're
just rolling for the vid this guy out of
door who kicks it it's frayed against
the wall everywhere his jab was like yo
smash the like button I was like
no no I was like y'all I'll smash
the chips the vlog camera wasn't even on
so I didn't get caught on camera but I'm
sure all mad crushed chips bed angle but
right angle I want those trips mommy I
want Chevis I want ranch chips good oh
come on man who's in it
I also got my water bottle here guys I'm
gonna do some water bottle flips for you
ready
 you yeah here and then go again
okay one for one go three two one why'd
you hit my bottle you push my guy hit my
bottle it's rock paper scissors but with
bottle flipping if you miss you're out
three two one oh winning you're out ah
who's next three two one here you're out
who's next
girl this is left hand by the way three
two one
you're out you're out you're out alright
he's coming in action cutting the clip 3
please lock screen or I would kind of
get one that were kind of good Yui yes
I'm glad all right watch my channel
check it out
okay three two one you're old okay
you're still in this three two one
three two one hey guys so Charlie is
shopping and while he's shopping he
brought me a nova junior home to start
decorating for Christmas right well V
you're gonna help me put up the tree we
got the white tree the one that I've
always wanted look at it it's white just
like you bear just like you're gonna
blend into it
you're gonna blend into it I love you I
love getting him hyped up like that it's
so cute anyways and then we got all of
our decorations right here so let's see
what I can do
I even got like this light that says
cheer on it it's so cute so I'm pretty
much the only one that cares about this
type of stuff Charlie really does not
care and you'd go watch some stuff so
I'm gonna put it all up wit Mophie jr.
and hopefully about time it comes home
it'll be all ready and he can see how
awesome it actually is because every
house is just that much more welcoming
and warmer and just nice to have like
that's like kind of stuff with hallways
for like guests and stuffs I think when
he comes home he's gonna realize like
it's a lot nicer with all this Christmas
stuff around okay Wolfie I need you to
grab this end of the box I'll grab this
end
I wouldn't carry it into my room ready
okay grab that side come on get it get
this side good come on you're gonna make
me do it all by myself
so our goin bag shopping guys and I
decided I'm just gonna get this plain
black herschel bag with the brown on the
bottom it's got a laptop slit in the top
of it right now in the back of it so you
can keep your laptop there and as long
as the zippers works out it's way better
than the one I had but yeah we're pretty
much just getting this the more I have
nothing else I need to get yeah
unless I find another Herschel bag that
I could possibly want guys you won't
believe it the exact jacket I wanted is
in Excel and but I'm surprisingly I'm a
double XL ohryan can't get this yeah Kay
you're gonna get it for the vlog for the
vlog you'll get it it's wavy as hell
yeah no I can't fit in it guys there's
one in Nordstrom randomly in Nordstrom
we checked the Harry Rosen they didn't
have it but that's disgusting so this is
a plain black one I need longer Parkers
because I'm so tall but I think I'm
gonna go with like a darker gray one
honestly I want a camel coming into this
but oh it's just whatever looks nicer on
me to be honest guys comment down below
which one you like better even though
I'll probably have this about a time you
content the gray one fresh AF I might be
joining Team Canada goose right now guys
check this out lengthwise it fits arm
wise it fits it's warm as hell this
might be a go are you getting it if
you're a savage you'll get it for the
wolf am love it you're getting it all
right goose bros people's goose bros
goose rows up three so I have all the
pieces out of the box Christmas musics
playing in my room and now I need to
figure out how to put it together this
is my first Christmas tree that I bought
with my own money some soaps eggs put it
together but that being said I've really
never done this before like by myself
you know usually my mom did it all so
let's see how well I can do it hope he
seems like he knows what he's doing he's
are gonna help me unwrap it all right
buddy all right let's not eat that so I
think I got the hang of it it's pretty
simple all I have to do is put the stand
down little chunks here are numbered so
I put number one there and then I got to
put number two which I'm assuming is
this one and then number three which is
the smallest one is the top of it the
tree is going to be 7 feet tall so
should be tall enough probably as tall
as the door there Wolfie jr. has quit
helping me and started to play with his
little chew toy so I'm on my own people
I went to the washroom for two minutes
and Wolfie jr. ate the instructions oh
my god Wolfie now I'm on my own I'm
really on my own
how am I supposed to do it now come on
help me out here
what you brat oh my god the dog ate my
homework is a legit excuse I now realize
good job buddy eat the instructions now
we're screwed
hey ah get away so I changed my mind I'm
not gonna put it here because it's
really really big I think it would look
a lot nicer in my beauty room right here
so I'm going to move that mirror and put
it right there go just realize that
Charlie and I absolutely played
ourselves because the tree comes with
Christmas lights like attached to it and
a lot of Christmas lights and they're
all placed so perfectly but we didn't
know we saw the display it we're like we
want Christmas lights like that's on the
actual tree on the display we don't know
that I actually came with it didn't say
on the box so we ended up buying like
three packs of Christmas lights that
took us so long to find by the way we
bought three or four packs of these I
don't even know I think four because we
didn't know that it came with Christmas
lights well at least now I have some
extra Christmas lights I can put around
the house so it's not a complete loss
but you can tell we're noobs at buying
Christmas trees it was both our first
time
so I got the tree up I flared all the
little branches so it looks more full
and I plugged the lights in that's
really all it took and the tree looks
amazing so far I'm so excited to
actually put the ornaments on it because
if it looks this good without anything
on it I don't even need you Charlie look
at this look Charlie's facetiming me
while he's at the mall are you wondering
how my tree putting up is going you
don't need a winter jacket are you gonna
wear that green one you have yeah that's
a phone jack I was getting at this one
no please don't I don't see you in that
I don't see you in that like it's not
bad it's not bad but I would bet get
classic black classic black we'll go
through all the seasons like that's been
more of like a trendy thing okay grey
then so we have an assortment of
ornaments to work with I got mostly gold
and like a little bit of silver
obviously I needed to get some with
glitter and we have some like rose gold
pinkish ones as in color to the tree two
are missing and that's because at the
store Charles dropped two of them so
they completely shattered on the ground
but it's okay I'm sure we'll have enough
so tell me why some of the ornaments
came with like the little string to hang
off the tree like this one came with it
probably like five out of all of them
and then at the bottom of the pack I
found a bunch of strings so I guess I'm
supposed to put them on myself but why
would you put five on some of them and
then just leave the rest of them can't
you just do the work for me come on this
is gonna take me so long to put these on
every single one of these ornaments be
right back ten years later final step is
to put V star on the tree
most us thank you we're Charles gonna
get him huh all done I'm finally down
the tree I can't wait for Charlie to
come home and see it it's so pretty I'm
so proud it's a tree that I've always
wanted
you deserve yes good job will be junior
high by evil man dude guys check out my
new Herschel bag right now and I decided
to go with the new Gray Goose Grey Goose
no vodka
I'm giving Ryan my old bag but I got the
goose it's a wrap guys now I'm going to
the boys house to film shove it to
Sylvia for vlogging for me to come say
hi to the vlog good boy
so guys we're back at the boys house now
and Bongo is downstairs he's filming a
video with sways
I'm gonna go feature in on that video
apparently there I think prank calling
stores and trying to get an employee
discount even though they don't work
there so let's see how this goes hey
Suzanne my name is max I bought a couple
candles from you the other day I totally
forget what name they work as I totally
threw them out long story short I lit
the candles in the house and my dog got
the weirdest allergic reaction ever and
like he's super sick right now he's at
the vet like I'm a hundred percent sure
the candles as you guys can see right
now there's an editing session going
down in this room I got my little parrot
on my shoulder I like to edit with dogs
on your shoulders apparently I read in
National Geographic if you read with a
pet on your shoulder you have a 50%
chance more of making a viral video so I
literally always keep Wolfie on my
shoulder red couch red shirt red editing
red couch red editing clearly yep so
guys Ryan sways just kissed my dog on a
limo
I've been doing that but he's my dog so
it doesn't matter Ryan doesn't really
like dogs I mean black people don't like
dogs well I love dogs bro what do you
mean you like bring them to your face
then less right here kiss him again all
right for the cam coming dude I'm here
okay
if you guys have seen my vlog yesterday
you saw Wolfie ate another dogs random
piece of on the ground so you just
ate ass loser kiss dog ass let him kiss
you not you ain't dog ass you're weird I
found this
this one go watch it out of your hat try
 rip the knife up well I came
here oh yeah I'm the one go away I was
gonna throw them cryin yo how much he
paying me for this thumbnail 25 we do
the math ya know you're thinking you'll
give me the money for a thousand views
by CPM czar around nine so I owe you 900
bucks - all right
cough it up do you have it now okay I
can't be in the finals Ryan just farted
in the car and the windows will not roll
down because it's too frozen so we're
stuck logging fire each other she
literally sounds like one of those
things called a farms farms or the cows
for you literally smell like manure
factory bet we'll take off the whole job
problem Oh let me off bro yo Bongo this
trucks boss is making a nigga whore well
guys I might have just found the way
vyas drink of all time it's cranberry
ginger ale I don't know if you're a big
fan of ginger ale but this stuff I love
drink it all the time when I'm sick look
cranberry just makes it ten times better
so guys it's safe to say that wolf he
loves my new Canada Goose jacket
literally I'm covering him right now and
he's warm as hell guy was just falling
asleep in my jacket but I gotta get out
for a second whoa look at this Christmas
tree but to start everything how'd you
reach the start oh my god guys she use
this tool which I will break if I step
on to get to the start that's dope
got a bow here got this which isn't Lea
wolfy you cannot come in the jacket you
wanted the jacket you want in you want
in you say let me in the jacket please
that was so warm oh my god he's climbing
me guys he's climbing me all right
behold wolf fam everybody watching this
vlog I'm about to show you something
that's gonna blow your mind
if you have not seen this thing by now
I'm about to show you DIY the world's
biggest gummy worm in the whole world
planet universe extra solar system
galaxy basically the biggest copy room
you've ever seen okay and I'm gonna show
you how to make it so basically if you
want to make it all you got to do is put
jello in I don't know like a pipe shape
I'm not going to show you all the
details but check this out I completely
forgot I had this in my fridge and I've
had it for like a month now so hopefully
it isn't
had I ordered one of the world's biggest
gummy worms and I threw it in my fridge
the moment I got it this thing is huge
this thing is bigger than my head by
like triple the size longer than like I
don't even know longer than its bigger
than wolfy jr. this thing is bigger than
wolfy jr. he shook right now I'm gonna
taste test this thing DIY biggest gummy
worm in the world not really with DIY I
didn't make it but I could it be our
wine if I wanted to this is so much
sugar it's ridiculous like I can't even
imagine eating all of this I have to so
maybe if you guys want to see me try to
eat like as much of it as I can maybe
win a couple people maybe by myself hit
that like button and I will attempt it
because I have to I'm just gonna open
the one today and yeah I may be able to
make it happen but hopefully this is not
bad like I said that's funny thinking oh
my god as soon as you open it you to
smell so much gummy all right so this is
what we are working with right now guys
the biggest going room in the world this
is like a couple pounds minimum
literally you can spin it around like
this
yay and you could probably knock someone
out with this can you twist it you can
twist it like where do I even begin so
screw it I'm just gonna take a bite out
of it smells good
this definitely isn't bad I mean it's
pure sugar so oh my god that isn't true
listen I've ever bit in my life
this is so hard to do because it was in
the fridge for so long but it's so
delicious guys I think I saw furious
Pete eat this whole thing
all I gotta say is your jaw is marked by
the end of this virtual insulting cuz
this ain't like work to chew okay guys
this is a workout for your jaw your jaw
is getting a six-pack by the end of this
second bite my god Foley look it showed
up anyways guys time to try some of the
orange side because I don't know what
flavor this is but we're gonna go with
the orange side a bit I love white one
guy so hey guy oh my god was so hard to
chew who in their right mind other than
me trying to eat this probably gonna eat
this is gonna eat one of these to
themselves or like how do you even split
this up you just like cut up where every
dent is between the friggin gummy this
is
start convenient at this point but it is
delicious I'll give it like an 8 out of
10 for flavor it's actually way better
than I thought it was gonna be but I
definitely am NOT gonna finish this dad
hasn't gone down yet
okay just went down so we got we'll be
you near a Christmas spirit look across
too many kids
this guy's walking blind right now buddy
where you going he's like nigga what are
you doing hey wolfy he gives up he gave
up I pull the hood back hey and I gotta
move he's protesting guys he doesn't
like it his other outfits get him a lot
better but this one's not the greatest
matching outfits this is
relationshipgoals
mother like son you know he ate poop
yesterday you deliver so guys I'm on my
way to go pick up Ryan he's staying here
for the night but Sofia has been
pestering me
yeah pestering me I know these are big
words what I don't pester yeah you do
I asked Silvia has been asking for Lele
mention she's been asking certainly
mentioning she's been mentioning that my
nose hairs are out of hand and honestly
you guys know the struggle I have my
nose since I moved into this house my
nose has been extremely dry so every
morning I wake up with like a flake of
like I don't want to be gross for like
literally that's not my nose
every morning don't know what it is but
one step at a time I tried that nasal
gel it didn't work too well so the next
step is I'm gonna go to Shoppers Drug
Mart while I pick up Ryan and pick up
one of those nose trimmers Silvia was
saying that every guys supposed to own
one of those I guess I don't really grow
much facial hair so I'm new to the
shaving scene but I'm gonna go get one
of those nose trimmers and shave my nose
here tonight just so I have none so that
nothing can latch on to it in the
morning and then potentially just rip
off my nose hairs and it hurts I don't
know I shouldn't be telling you guys
this but you guys are my subscribers so
you guys signed up for this and you
subscribe to my channel so I hope you
guys are going to enjoy watching me
shave my nose in about 20 minutes my
time but around 2 minutes your time and
just like that guys I'm pretty sure this
is it micro trimmer easy use for
sensitive skin this is for what though
how many know this is for perfect for
eyebrows and neck lines so this
know that one news for women definitely
it's on the girls side oh yeah guys I
know what I'm looking for it looks like
this because I saw it online but guys it
was low-key bottom right of this aisle
the aisle next aisle that I just looked
at so nose and ear trimmer I have to
pick up some garland for Silvia because
she's decorating the house and she
demanded it so this is a panning shot of
everything that's in Shoppers Drug Mart
right now I just want to show you guys
so that I can tell Sylvia that I
couldn't find the garland when I get
home and she can rewatch this vlog and
just tell me that she didn't see it
either because if I don't show her this
footage this girl's gonna be like not it
was definitely there you didn't look
hard enough there's nothing really to
decorate in shoppers armor to be honest
other than stockings over there the
moment of truth guys here it is oh
this is what it looks like and it even
has the light too
what if I don't want to use the light or
if I just go you hear that well yeah no
but like Jay thank Rocky
this is scary you know where I
have any where I know other vlog will
you see this yeah okay kick I saw some
good news the nose is all cleared out my
nose feels better than ever sadly though
we did not have enough of this stuff to
put up all over the door so I need to go
out and buy some more Garland tomorrow
to fill up the rest of this and maybe
this side too but I'm gonna end the vlog
off there because it is now you guys
already know my bedtime is late I've
been trying to make it earlier but
somehow I just stay up editing
thumbnails until 3:23 a.m. so it's 3:23
I am I'm going to bed tomorrow is a long
edit day it's a double upload day and
those days are just days where I where
I'm grinding non-stop so it's all for
the wolf am it's all for you guys I'd do
this for you so if you guys made it to
the very end of the vlog I want you to
go down and smash that like button you
already know what it is Brian how many
likes they don't want you're not a true
wolf am oh honey 25,000 easy 26,000 last
video and place
kids Joe 27000 likes tonight go down
smash that like button click the friggin
mouse and make it hit the like button
right now oh wait a second that's a
second hit that like button right now
Ted 25,000 also if you made it to the
very end of the vlog I want you to
comment down below christmas time is
here comment christmas time is here that
way I know you are an active ass
follower and I'm going to comment back
to a shitload of you guys that do that
it's an early Christmas present from
your boy Wolfie so I got you and lastly
I want to give a big shout-out to BAM
Ashley tell it to you Ashley I see you
all over my Twitter so you are the loyal
active low fan of the day but that's it
for today's video I hope you guys enjoy
it again and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always a savage Lego
