good morning hey yo what's good as your
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
listen guys going to breakfast right now
Bongo jab and Ryan want to have a nice
after birthday party breakfast they're
already on their way there I gotta go
meet them there I think we're going to
Gabriel's or someplace like that I only
have pizza there but apparently they
sell dope breakfast so I'm looking
forward to it with food right here but
it's not coming so I'm just gonna forget
that I saw that and just go to breakfast
my blunt stones on my winter boots that
I can't even get on ma'am ma'am I had we
good I told you guys it's bear pizza
soccer we're not going for the pizza
though there's a breakfast spot in there
that's where we're gonna be eating you
ready over clasp all right that's odd
pretty simple choice guys I'm getting
the farmers choice three eggs two pieces
of french toast but I'm gonna get the
pancakes and then two meats so I'm gonna
get bacon sausage and then we also get
home fries and toast so basically it's
going to be a way more Dee's nap that's
amazing like this is fucking delicious
you guys know if there's anything that I
don't like about winter it's that it
gets dark so early outside right now
it's like three o'clock I just took a
quick nap and I woke up and the Sun is
already pretty much going down it's
behind those houses right over like way
way way down you can't really see it but
trust me the sun's going down but I'm
over at my parents house I'm gonna film
at least one video maybe if everything
works out to videos my mom wants to take
Wolfie Junior up for a walk right now
Sylvia snapping right now too but we got
to take this guy in a walk so guys
Wolfie found food you know thing dog
poop yeah Wolfie is just eating dog poop
you found it in there in this tree right
here and you would not let it out of his
mouth he will see you want the dog
Booker come here good get it okay no
kisses for you for the rest of the day
why are you eating dog poop that's not
yours you guys my dog's a little slow in
the head you really wants out dog food
ran wolf
anyways we're taking one a quick walk
this I build up my energy so that I can
fill in the video I don't have any
energy drinks at my parents house they
don't drink that stuff so ah if I could
just build up the energy in person like
this just by going on some physical
activity raising my knees you know high
knees we're gonna wake up come back and
we're gonna bang these vids out clear
you don't like wolfy jr. yet you don't
like him
wolfy you beefed her guys the cat and
dog just fought and then this is what
happened to my leg my leg got caught in
like the middle of the war and Cleo
scratched it on my leg and I'm bleeding
now so sad to say these cats still don't
really like my puppy yet Cleo
when he gonna like him she's a get the
hell away from me coming wake your mama
wolfy wake her up wake her up wolfy okay
go get it go get our wolfy so guys this
is what's gonna be waking me up right
now it's called ice cream pie my mom
made this it's her mom's recipe so
basically it's like chocolate on the top
ice cream in the middle and then some
Oreos crumbled up at the bottom it's
like one of those Dairy Queen at Dairy
Queen cakes that is it's like one of
those Dairy Queen cakes okay it's better
but it's like the same formula type
thing as one of those Dairy Queen cakes
so the Oreo on the bottom is hard this
ice cream melts and then this stuff is
just like a mousse so basically you eat
part of this and you're like this is
good and then I could use some ice cream
get some ice cream and some Oreo I mean
the less a very delicious is for my
dad's birthday still got leftovers they
told me I see too much but I'm a
masterpiece
I might just eat this whole piece to be
honest so we didn't get an energy drink
to energize me but I got a coffee
I'm cheese didn't have espresso shots
but hopefully this coffee does the job
once I'm in my like filming mode I'm in
my filming mode I'm hyped about
everything so they should do the trick
we just came back with Wolfie and he's
like looking for my parents because
every time he comes in the house people
greet him so he's like where like where
is everyone look every corner guys he
will look every corner of the whole
house he's like why did no one greet me
when I came in this house were you
looking were you looking you want you
want love that's all you want you just
want love okay I'll give you a loan ah
yeah usually people just are like
welcoming Wolfie with
open arms and I hope you put your ear
but no one's here to say hello to him
right now so there he is just here chill
my himself you can watch me film or you
could film here well if you take the
camera good job buddy okay camera work
whoa fam i just wanna let you guys know
that this is what my fucking kitchen
looks like after iphone video
shit is all over the place you know you
see you at the camera you got the saw
you got the clamp you got a bunch of
friggin broken gloves but what I really
wanted to get at was for the past like
two hours I've been stalling time cuz I
had to edit my vlogs drop my vlog and
then check up on some stuff before
filming a second video today you heard
it right I'm filming two main channel
videos today haven't done this in a
while so a lot of energy is being
drained but I need a lot of time to
recover but what's important is that
people have been bugging me you can a my
bad mom Sylvia I've been saying when are
we filming when I'm filming are we
filming and then as soon as I'm ready to
film this will be blood games
sleep please free sleep nobody's ready
to film I'm ready to film and now no
one's ready to film so I'm gonna have to
vlog this whole video if no one steps
over here in five minutes
are you filming or what
she's gonna yell at me then she saw the
camera was on she just decided to yell
about 20 minutes are you look at it one
time videos aren't that easy
no they are it's okay to say all here's
what you're talking about film it yeah
no no you're gonna have to learn how
this work I do all my videos on the fly
look at me now yeah
Sylvia's filming let's go what don't
worry about it you don't need to worry
about it you and Mom are doing something
my mom and my dad are gonna be in this
video I don't know when it's dropping
but it'll probably be on like the next
two weeks after this drops it's a pretty
simple idea but it looks really dope so
as soon as I saw this video online I was
like yo I need to recreate this I need
to try this out I need to see if I can
make it as good as what I saw so that's
what I'm doing today I have a lot of
supplies I went to log house the other
day that's why I was at Loblaws the
other day there in this bag oh shit
maybe sorry but I obviously have the
easier part my mom my dad are gonna be
doing the harder part so I'm not gonna
fuck up I know that for sure the puller
does it's got to the boys are sleeping
you just woke up like the long
stepmother it's 2 a.m.
32 a.m. guys I brought my camera filming
time okay guys so the one thing about my
videos is that like I like to make a
storyline of the video and I also like
to film it at like different times of
the day so right now it's really really
late at night it's like 2:00 in the
morning and I'm walking up to this
fucking baseball diamond to test out the
object I just made I just picked up Ryan
he's gonna be filming this part all of
my videos usually involves like five or
six people filming people get tired of
filling so I have to find the next
person so Ryan ziege hurry now you can
see I'm not in the camera but in real
life you can see my breath it's that
cold here's the plate you know we're at
the diamond let's hit some home runs and
just like that we're done that is the
magic of editing guys video is
successful we're just wrapping it up by
going
inside because the lighting is not as
you guys can see right now it's not too
great even though the g7x
provides some fake-ass lighting this is
not the greatest unless I'm going to
stand under that light so successful vid
that's two videos two main channel
videos banged out in one day along with
the vlog today has been a productive as
day three bids where you guys I have
visited a couple bangers voice today and
you posted a nice Instagram selfie yeah
oh she did very well for my shot for
your page
sorry okay guys so Mars passed out right
here I have a bunch of Red Solo cups
we're gonna see how high we can stack
them on Omar before he wakes up this is
the sleeping stack of challenge let's
I'm fucking going
picked up cheese okay guys
13 break my record if you do this I will
die with your pastel friends one could
win for kids of $0.99 you know that
feeling when you get out of the shower
and you're feeling clean as fuck oh my
god I feel like I'm on sky high right
now I just got out of the shower guys
when you film so many videos of the day
I felt exhausted and drained and then
the shower just refreshed me I feel wide
awake even though it's like 3:00 in the
morning right now but because I usually
shower with hot showers it irritated my
skin and because I was wearing like a
necklace that wasn't mine last night it
was gold plated and I'm allergic believe
it or not to like anything that's fake
metal like if it's not real gold if it's
not real silver even sterling silver I
have a problem with but look at my neck
right now I don't know if you guys can
see but it is irritated as hell like red
red red all the way around me even on
the back of my neck that's because I was
itching in a bit in the shower because
it was so itchy
like I'm not deathly allergic or
anything but like if I wear fake jewelry
your boy gets a rash like the next day
and it stays for like a day or two and I
just have to wait it out and it's itchy
I don't like it that's why the earrings
that I'm wearing right now are real gold
but I got them after like so many times
my ears were closed
like the skin would literally grow over
the earring that happened like three or
four times with me because I used to
wear fake earrings all the time and then
one day I was just like yo the bucket
I'm getting real gold earrings just I
just want to test them out and see if
anything happens and nothing has
happened I wear them all the time the
gold hoop earrings and everything's been
a ok since I got these earrings so I
mean it kind of sounds pretty boss like
I'm allergic to fake shit I can only
wear real shaq me I can only wear fuck
the real gold only real silver you feel
but yeah my neck is absolutely fucked
other than that though I feel great I'm
not even gonna lie to you guys your boy
needs to get on
you'll plan ASAP living alone I realize
that okay so here's my fridge half of
this stuff has been in this fridge for a
very very long time I mean still they
just keep going through cycles where we
get rid of a bunch of stuff because it's
bad it's already past the expiration
date like you can't eat it but the
reason we do that is because we both are
very very busy these days and we just
don't have time to cook so it's either
we go on a meal plan cuz your boy diet
Wolfie is still trying to be alive so
I'm trying to eat healthy but it's
really really hard these days or we
spend time cooking which to me sounds
impossible because I barely even have
enough time to breathe during the day so
cooking I love doing it and I love
eating home-cooked meals but I just
don't have time for it so we might have
to get a chef or something because like
I was saying living on my own now I'm
realizing that food does not just get
cooked for me I have to cook it myself
and it is a big struggle for me bc are
you looking at when i was in the shower
Wolfie wanted in the shower
he doesn't like showering and he also
doesn't like watching people shower but
I don't know it's weird because as soon
as you go in the shower he could be on
the opposite side of the house and this
guy will run to the shower just to like
beg you not to take the shower I don't
know he just wants everyone to be safe
and I think so that's the problem with
this guy he's just too generous and
caring right when I was showering you're
like yo get out of the shower he was
literally begging to come in the room so
I had to close the door so you can get
in one more thing that wanted to talk
about well I am just on this rambling
rant type thing whatever you want to
call it PDF I just dropped like two
videos talking about the whole YouTube
being broken situation I know there
really isn't a big update that YouTube's
been providing for anyone but at least
these big big youtubers are saying to
speak up about this issue because I
remember like a few weeks ago I was like
yo what is going on with this shit when
are people gonna talk and I felt weird
cuz I was like one of the only people
talking at the time I was like you know
what what's going on with the sub bugs
is like why are people getting unsub for
my channel why are people getting their
post notifications automatically turned
off when they didn't do it so yeah I
stopped PewDiePie's videos I saw
jacksepticeye dropped a video like mad
mad youtubers are dropping videos on it
so hopefully that gets sorted out soon
because I just let you to be back to the
way it was a while I will fam to see my
videos to know when I'm posting right
away like that's what I've been working
hard for so I would hope that my
subscribers would at least see my videos
so hopefully that gets sorted out in the
next little bit I know some people
working at YouTube definitely feel like
a fire under their ass right now some
people probably could
give a shit but as a creator okay as a
creator I can tell you it's not fun
right now so hopefully everything gets
sorted out we'll knock on this Golden
Apple just because this is good luck
like this video and then you'll have
good luck for the next 20 years of your
life anyways guys your boy is headed off
to bed right now I'm about to jump in
like oh my god so comfy so I'm gonna end
the vlog out there I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did do not forget to go
down and smash that like button right
now whoa fam you already know 25,000
likes is what we always shoot for so go
down hit that like button if you haven't
already also shout out to my dude boom
Zach on Instagram thank you for the
likes thank you for the comments thank
you for the support in general it means
a lot I appreciate you and lastly if you
guys made it to the very end of the vlog
I want you guys to comment something
down below just so that I know you're
active you're loyal and you watched it
to the very end so comment down below
Golden Apple very random but comment
down below Golden Apple and I will know
that you made it to the very end of the
vlog other than that again I hope you
guys enjoyed and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage on my main
channel and as always stay savage they
know
