good morning a your witness where we'll
be welcome back to normal guys I don't
know if this happens to a lot of you
guys but for me at least when I wake up
it takes at least like two and a half
hours for my eyes to fully open so right
now they just will not open completely
so I look like a different person at
like 11:00 a.m. and at 2 p.m. I'm a
completely different person today we are
going hunting for I want to buy a Canada
Goose jacket I don't have a winter
jacket like I was saying and these
jackets are these there's a swaggy one I
don't know where to find it but that's
the goal by the end of half of today
because the second opportunity I want to
film DJ's on a walk right now bond was
in the shower but in the next 20 minutes
we should be on our way to go hunting
for this jacket the second thing I need
is an aux cord or an auxiliary cable or
an aux cable whatever you guys call it
the thing to blast your own fucking
music in your car because everyone needs
one of those mine broke so I need
another one and then lastly Ryan said
that Abercrombie & Fitch has jeans that
are gonna fit me letting students
athletic skinny jeans okay
so we'll see personally I can't find
jeans in my length 36 lengths and I have
to be some six five like I said so
please Abercrombie just listen to me
I'll do anything you guys want like
sponsor me please please
so Ryan just logged on the online site
for Abercrombie & Fitch and check that
out
34 lengths it's a flop guys so never
mind about that one or still look for
the goose jacket hopefully they have
what I want athletic skinny jeans a
fresh labor here the thought for who not
six are you 34 length 32 lanes guys I
cannot wear anything that's not 36
length if I do it's a force in the just
outfit so about to cut offs on my legs
I guess before we go to the stores we
are calling in to see if anywhere has
the exact Goose jacket that we want
currently it's really rare so we're
literally calling in every store we're
taking turns we all have random a stores
on the line like right now like the
camel ones no okay
no nobody's target about yeah ma i t la
and d no so you mean to tell me you
don't have a mainland jacket okay
exactly
any I know it
don't have any distractions suck it
literally 25 stores later guys
no jacket check Auto on oh we are going
back there yeah less demand in Ottawa
which means here a higher chance of
getting and that's just business
that's less live on less swag people
exactly your shots are ending a Dave the
Rideau Center is making a new lids room
you guys know David loves his fitted
hats he owns like a small percentage in
the share of the store so he is gonna be
able that business is busy comment down
below
please stop favorite buy hats please
stop by house you don't need any more
for the caps you don't need any more
videos you just don't need them so last
night I actually took off all the
pillows except for these two off of my
bed and I don't know why this is one of
those Airbnb s or just one of those
houses where there's so many pillows
they might as well wrap the couches
because it's unsuitable guys you can't
sit on these couches this is literally
just for show thoughts missing it's one
pillow and it's other one yeah there's
one more and there's actually a couple
down here that we actually packed away
so this is all the pillows without
because he thought we didn't have enough
headspace so here you go guys pillow
challenge
but these sidewalks was he delivering
food yeah y'all got it - the guy had to
go delivery so that's the strategy and
run back fuck bro this guy's oh one
another day another DJ running away from
you another bongo screeching oh shit I
do not fuck with those rates guys I
don't fucker those I hate Heights
I hate those great I get my kc nice and
angles be nice to haves greatest in case
you guys say here we go oh it's late
guys Brenda we were going to burger
fries yo guys I'm having a meet-up at
Hooters today and the lineup is insane
already hold up it's blurry but as you
guys can see there is a line all the way
around the corner going back there I
just tweeted out 10 minutes ago that
wolf is crazy out here again anyways
we're going to Burger priest priest sell
burgers apparently they bless them and
shit so we're about to eat
guys hub discussing this burgers no
matter what you do though even if you
get a greasy burger with greasy fries
and greasy ketchup just top it off with
water
everything would be absolutely vital
guys this bag of fries seem never-ending
Lydia a soul mate price for the moment
and this is what this is only half of
what's left
hey guys like really they just gave me
like a whole bathroom supply for us I
want to shove it to the priest of bless
my burger because my burger got
absolutely merged top three greatest
burgers around Frank attempt number 96
I'm gonna scare Ryan and DJ when they
come around this corner
whoo 98 98 I'll get him on 100 are you
out you're going all right be seein you
bro
what iron BC in your bro
hi hey bro
guys we have to a joke it just means
that the person you joking around wind
up isn't it it's horrible not doesn't
mean it's horrible means they're not
educated enough to understand the joke
so we made a quick pit stop at Tim
Hortons basically to pick up coffee
because the meal that we just st.
apparently is supposed to make you tired
it gives you the ideas Longo said that
our Airbnb is 500 meters away from where
we are right now I was going to call an
uber they want it to walk so basically
this is 1 meter if I take any more than
500 steps and we're not at the Airbnb
you owe me $600 500 steps guys starting
now
1 2
and that ends up my montage guys hope
you enjoy seven hundred and seventy
billion thousand no way was this place
five forty feet is awake we are now like
at least twenty fucking miles from where
we were you owe me a million dollars
okay you guys know when they're playing
a commercial and they're trying to fit
in as much talking as possible into the
shortest period of time this is insane
listen to this one right here I'm gonna
rewind it that's how insane is this for
you you will not believe how fast this
niggas about to talk this is not sped up
I'll sit beside the TV so you know this
is not a troll there we go I look like a
board and I note on the back at Oh toy
sold separately
brought to you by Toys R Us what okay
I'll buy it I'll buy my fastest talker
in the world rode fastest talker the
world okay guys so I'm going to put one
of the biggest life hacks to the test
right now you know when you're in an
elevator and someone like trolls and
presses a billion buttons like when
you're with your friends I know I do it
the fuckin king of doing that apparently
if you want to cancel the floor number
all you got to do is double click the
floor and it should cancel out that
floor so like the light will go off and
it will continue to go to every other
floor but that floor so I'm gonna put it
to the test this is just a life hack
that my buddy just told me so who knows
I'm in a fucking Airbnb right now it has
like 50 something levels so let's try
this out we'll go down now we wait we
got one we got one and no one's in it so
I clicked 17 and 18 let's try the double
click okay guys so that one didn't work
but buzzer EE might be splitted double
click should be canceled for going girl
no now we're there we got to cancel 17
well click 4 and then we'll cancel out
17 we'll try the holding tactic no
alright guys scratch everything I said
this life hack doesn't work and now
we're just like oh not really not what
it was the hold it was a hole do you
think fucked it up no the whole rings it
just the fork just the four okay so
we're going to skip 10 and go straight
to 4 you're sure that's a
that pack was okay so that why we suffer
Ted Geisel it only works in some
elevators whoa fuck the sack
cancel everything I said it might work
at your fun all right guys we're going
down to the lobby Ryan didn't wear shoes
go back go clubs we got to get back up
so the moral of that story is guys don't
trust a single thing you hear on the
Internet it's all lies me and Ryan were
amped really yo we're gonna try this out
maybe just maybe if I friend ever tries
to troll ass or if I ever try and show
my friends they can cancel it by just
double-clicking with a double clicking
ain't working clearly so maybe it's just
like a select few number of elevators
but it didn't work at this one so in my
mind it works at none of them this is a
crazy life hack though if you have
garbage and it starts to stink you throw
it in to the garbage can and then your
house won't smell as bad that is a
fucking crazy life hack you guys haven't
tried that out go try it out for sure
it's a great lovely creative life Hey
look at all this food guys what happens
when you are in an Airbnb and you're too
lazy to actually leave it you just order
all of this food okay that's not how to
really look this one no oh one thing you
guys got an oboe Ryan
is he fucking takes all the slices from
the pizza place what are from the box
before anyone can touch them so that no
one can touch them because they're
already on his plate he's claimed them
but he won't even eat them what oh look
at all four pieces mmm okay black if you
don't finish them I'll have more okay
jams just jam finish your slices first
if you guys want to sneak your friends
when you get food just put it on your
plate and then they can't touch it and
checking out Fredo blue guys I can't
believe I called it Ryan
legit brought his food back okay but did
you know him to finish it I bling what
bro how you can do that to a wolf and
he's like yo you put the camera on me
and I'll tell you that I finish the food
bro your pizzas right here that's why it
split up kiddo Ryan finished it
he's got me more having more bro just
chicken it just chill on both slices
diet wolfy and I Ryan on it not alive
right now this air BnB diet wolfy diner
I'd make a pizza Ryan okay guys so we're
leaving today I got to do one thing
before we leave this Airbnb
and that's just let this guy know
whoever be disrespectful of Wolfie again
so guys I didn't end the vlog last night
but that's because I'm continuing it on
to today so right now we are headed off
to go get something for me basically
what I've been hiding for the past
couple days is I bought a new car I'm
not gonna show it to you right now but
I'm going to show you my reaction my
live reaction of me picking it up right
now hopefully it's a good one
you know I'm amped right now and then I
get to go home alright that's disgusting
oh my god okay guys it today Sparky card
oh my god so guys we are at the more
than halfway point back to Ottawa
literally just a quick quick drive
because in the new car it just feels
amazing
I literally was just zoned out listening
to music I didn't even like countdown
how far we were from my house but we
have to stop at my parents house as soon
as you get there because I have winter
tires
I know summer tires I need to drop off
there's a few things I need to do still
to my car before I want to show it to
you guys fully but that's coming soon so
get ready that's your view of my car
right now what's up guys so I'm
continuing the vlog off the past couple
days have been like eldena belt I've
just been driving back and forth between
here and Toronto so I haven't been able
to vlog too much just as I can't vlog
and drive like a five hour drive at the
same time but we're back in action we
are in Ottawa right now it's bongos
birthday tonight continuing the live log
off with Wolfie jr. he's just licked his
ass and then kissed me in the face we
are gonna go to the boys house to chill
before we go out tonight but one thing
about the boys house is that jad just
got a new pair of Yeezy so I'm gonna see
if I can plug in prank this guy I'm
gonna pretend to light them on fire or
something I'm not quite sure but the
lighting on fire seems is really good to
me so
jad and they're gonna watch this vlog
like a day late and it's gonna be too
late by that time so just obey oh my god
he just licked his ass again jad you're
getting pranked you know those shopping
trips where you have a billion things to
carry up all at once but you don't want
to make multiple trips that's what I
just did I literally had all these in my
hands like this if that was just a he
ate Karen them all the way to my house
to the point where my hand got the
circulation cut off of it but you got to
do it you can't do multiple trips so you
guys know how
I have a new intro for my channel David
just showed me he has an eventual for
his channel check out pop and it is a
vexed over my text and then mr.
Rochester even single sausage II just
cut it does that yeah oh jeez whoever
made that intro we want we want you want
intro to walking all right we'll get you
in trouble
we'll get you an intro so guys jad just
went upstairs but look at this we have
his easy boost 350 you want to burn
these Wolfie you want to burn these okay
don't bite my camera here they are guys
they're real easy
how swag are these okay so we're gonna
do we're gonna close this box okay dad's
coming okay so we are going to be doing
stuff go P go follow dad goofy go follow
him down the stairs coming down the
stairs follow dad follow your uncle come
on come here
you hate stairs come on yeah alright
whoopee from Franklin okay guys so this
is basically what the easy box looks
like with the easies I'm gonna try and
replicate that with my shoes that don't
really look like diesease but from a
distance outside they're gonna look like
the easiest and some tissue paper I
don't let the tissue paper burn over
here hopefully they don't burn my shoes
right away otherwise my shoes are murder
but I'm gonna bring this outside this is
what Chad's box is I'm gonna call job
upstairs light it on fire and then see
if he gets shit Wolfie watch out I'll
put the easiest the easies outside I'm
gonna put them right here leave them
there and then Wolfie what are you
eating and we're gonna call jad out of
course some water because safety
precautions guys we always got to have
the water nearby
Easy's are there waters right here I'm
praying it doesn't go and smoke too
quick okay guys so it's time I'm going
to call Jack
downstairs prank season would yo ja ja
ja he's upstairs scam might be showering
yo jad what are you saying no come here
yo jack yo Jack what'd he say wha come
here I'm shy oh okay guys will be little
yup okay guys so since jad showering
right now a david to sleep over there
and wake david up and see if we could
prank of even though they're not issues
because the fuck burning easy pregnancy
you know dating premiere day me what I
need your help I'll sleep in ye yo look
do you think jabber do I bring to the
bone down down down a few known as you
didn't he was shower you know he spent
so much money I'm I know but what if I
just like this on like this just like
that bro just not even pretty easy okay
come on no no just leave it just leave
it bro you can just leave it just leave
it just leave it easy there just all
right lucky jab that needs a good friend
who uses easy said but of the fire these
are my shoes and I'm worked out
subscribe brightspace this guy keep it
in the camera for half a second so he
does so it's birthday season guys my dad
is having his birthday at Baton Rouge
everybody's already there I was at the
boy's house I had to do some things
before I came here I'm late so I don't
get to eat but I had my burrito earlier
so I'm pretty much good so Sylvia's
gonna come out the front right now and
get you boy I haven't been to this
location usually there's one like
downtown but I haven't been to the one
that's near my house so we're gonna get
some grub say what up to my dad and then
go turn up tonight so I got here right
is everyone's leaving guys it was
pointless for me to come but at least
I'm walking outside okay guys so we are
about to go out right now Silvia still
isn't ready to go but me and Ryan are
fucking ready
so yeah you ready Wow so he's not ready
we're swagging out tonight I'm using
dad's chin I don't have a chance I get a
gold chain but I'm gonna end the vlog
off there it's been like three days
condensed into one
I'm just vlogging what I can vlog
because there's so much boring shit
going on behind the scenes that you guys
aren't seeing I'm trying to get it all
done so that my vlog should be
absolutely lit again but I'm gonna end
the vlog off there if you guys enjoy
this big surprise coming up for you guys
soon go down and smash that like button
let's hit 25 thousand lights wolf am you
already know what it is also active
follower of the day shut up Tom BAM
Megan shut up to you Megan I see you on
my Twitter showing me mad love in the
comments you're the best and lastly the
comment of the day that I want you guys
to comment down below is John we bout to
prank you next time just jab me about to
prank you next time because John you're
lucky you were taking a shower I had to
prank David instead of your ass but I'm
gonna get you soon mark my words by the
way I got I got a fresh haircut guys so
just keep anyways again I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
