good morning annual what's Guinness
you're Wolfie welcome back to more
Wolfie today very special news guys I'm
back in Toronto I'm in another air B&B
might as well call me Airbnb God by now
literally I know the Airbnb situation
it's late it's pretty packed in like a
small room but it does the job okay
so a few things to address I'm gonna be
breaking a record today look at the view
guys from this Airbnb it's just
absolutely ridiculous we're on top of
the ACCC aka the Air Canada center shout
out to all my throttle fans we also got
the TD sign up there it's lit there was
spotlights shooting out of the ground
over there like 10 20 minutes ago it
looked like the Batman logo bongos over
there I didn't even know we had a door
there but my main man ice JJ fish is in
town show yourself I'm gonna edit a face
over there no just today look guys
here's what I'm doing today it's 1143 I
haven't vlog today because today was a
very busy day and the next week you guys
are going to know why I keep going back
and forth from Ottawa to Toronto I went
somewhere very important today I may
have made a very big purchase and I may
have brought it somewhere else but I
don't have the object right now I'm not
gonna say what it is I'm sure why do you
guys know what it is if you just follow
my vlogs regularly or mine or ice JJ
fish is oh I think this is where I'm
gonna be staying tonight this is one of
the bedrooms not too much view from this
windows wavy wavy but yeah the record
I'm breaking today is how great of a
vlog I can get out starting at 11:40
4:00 p.m. it's 1144 p.m. yeah this is
gonna be a new world record for me guys
best vlog starting at literally like the
next day just call it the next day so
leave a comment right now down below
good luck Wolfie and let's get on with
the blog welcome to my crib you know
this is my fucking crib come on come on
goddamn painting up mozart on the right
this is an illusion because it could
look like a bird is this like a bird's
face like trying to eat a cherry or it
could look like a face with like some
Justin Bieber 2011 haircut I don't
really know this was my airhorn he does
a great job I love his paintings also
another illusion
another illusion mirror here want to
take your selfies you can take them this
mirror or you could take them in this
mirror or you could take them in ice JJ
fish is a mirror but knows this oh shit
bro another mirror let's go three
full-size mirrors you already know I'm
gonna take a list of in this oh wow we
have two batteries
what are you doing what's this one
called 65% you want to you what is it oh
you see those videos saying Ryan knows
my girls guys look 65 65 % you won't see
it because but what is it there's just
other options to look at some nice
painting this Bryan thumbnail guys I
can't believe that nobody believed me
anyway second bathroom here no no shower
in this one or no shower we got a shower
in this one no full-size mirror but
there is a partial size mirror here and
a full-size beer right here as well so
pretty funny here's this is where I'm
staying today and there's another mirror
you already know it is full-size beer
and there's enough yeah that's the
outside of that I was hiding outside of
the door again let's see who won one see
if we can get two for two
ooh oh thank you that's - two - two - OH
- four - guys guys the room right here I
just got mad at me because very yelling
so I'm gonna scare DJ boom mad
I'm cheese DJ to get scared happy I am
about to vlog I'm about to black
I have a few subscribers that's
inexpensive hey so guys basically we are
at this Airbnb like I said but the thing
about this Airbnb is that we parked on
the fifth lowest floor which is like
basically the lowest you can go under
this building and the guy who fucking
escorted us to our spot took like 30
minutes to get us to our spot so now it
takes 30 minutes just to get out of the
parking lot so we don't want to fucking
drive the car
we're walking whoo we are walking
everywhere from now on I'm not taking
that car out of the garage for the rest
of the trip even though it's like only a
two-day trip but other than that the
Airbnb guys blessed like he literally
has codes on every remote in the house
to show like what's used for what how
many batteries you can use for what how
to make coffee all these things that you
would never think that you need until
you see them when you're like I could
probably use that a day in my life so
yeah we're walking to really I'm just
craving getting a water bottle and doing
some water bottle flips but I've been
doing that like crazy lately so I'm
literally gonna buy a water bottle drink
half of it and start flip on this is
when you have to stop fighting your
addiction guys is this stuck Oh Ally
let's get it okay I'm addicted I need to
stop I need to stop hey DJ and Bongo
literally our speed walkers Olympics me
rockers look at these bands they're all
the way up there then you got Ryan here
vlogging and then you got me way back
you know one behind me bluff again this
is what happens when I go with my
friends in they're actually trying to be
productive on a scale of one to ten how
swaggin my na eleven bro don't ever play
so let's go this is without face we're
starting now guys yo Ryan they'll ask
you a question come on bro are you gonna
buy me some food exactly join the pros
Road join the pro no no no no iphone7
bro oh wow that's of course yo what's up
the vlog can't see it but it says go on
that fight you don't leave it a two
letter Wednesday it's only up from here
there's an upside right there ghetto
hack guys if you just find the crack in
the road and it's friggin raining you
can just have a free shower here here
come in alright so sorry okay sorry okay
so I have a big secret to tell you guys
I've been waiting so long to tell you I
will tell you right now so what I've
been meaning to say is
so did you guys hear me okay I love you
guys too smash that like one for that
I've been waiting to get that off my
chest for so long and I just I'm so
happy I could finally tell you guys so
guys I have a bit of bad news we lost
Bongo and DJ even though they're shorter
than me and Ryan they are fucking speed
walkers DJ seriously bro you need to
forget audition a tryout for Olympic
rocket speed walking championships route
that's guys like anyways so they're gone
every corner they took they've been
gaining at least 50 meters on us so we
lost them we're on this corner you know
where they are you know where they are
in the clouds did you do just taxi DJ DJ
fuck so the taxi drivers don't know
where we are guys we are lost
I don't have the Airbnb going on this is
when Siri comes into play hey Siri where
is the nearest rabba it's always out
there goes cars they said where's the
nearest robber go Siri where's the
nearest rob ah ha ha ha yes I found they
said Kariba and they put in Switzerland
okay guys Rover day Ryan you called DJ
well I spin around in this mini door to
warm up guys that's how you warm
yourself up to spin around in this video
daughter to a DJ clubs this guy
literally where you go at these DJ shit
okay Oh push push we got to the store
guys the rabba they're not even here
literally nowhere to be found but it's
all good I told you guys I'm gonna buy
water bottles to flip you need the flat
bottoms we're going with Fiji whatta
alright guys so there's a hotel behind
me it's called the shangri-la hotel your
boys about to do 24 hours in the friggin
shangri-la hotel
I'm not DJ I'm not DJ
all right that is easy Wow 24 seconds no
that won't quit well I said - oh I say
24 hours
I meant 24 seconds so let's get it so
guys if you're too lazy to walk home we
ran over right now Oh keep going home
because we don't want to walk it was
such a far distance but Ryan's paying
for it all because there's my phone's
dead so I'm off to pay so like this
video because around like the video
because Ryan's paying every like is a
sent back to Ryan's pocket actually a
dollar so hit that like button right now
five dollars to make a millionaire
music slate guys this music is
absolutely lit the boys are still not
back so right now me and Ryan actually
beat them back to the place we were
staying and this is for you guys
hi guys I'm setting this new challenge
is called the icy age a challenge you
just have to look as most like ice JJ as
possible
Ryan is winning so far I don't know how
he consistently wins them and like he's
so fucking good at that challenge guys
you guys are is a duel champion he
actually kind of looks like a malteaser
at the same time that looks like a burnt
malteaser one at the bottom of the bag
it's like a little smaller than the rest
no one wants to be one thing about hotel
lobbies guys is you always just want to
make yourself at home so why not
guys are here of the breaking elevator
challenge No so guys this is why I went
to the store I only went to buy one Fiji
bottle so I could put it on this and
just do a quick
that's all I find it for like that's all
I want our try has on taking so guys I
have this optical illusion up for Ryan
whoa don't look at it yet I want you to
just tell me what's going on in the
picture I have a few to show you like
two or three and see if you can actually
see what's poppin this is it guys
basically what do you guys see stare at
the image and what do you see well this
is so easy if you stare like dead center
like what's going on and people are
kissing to people how the fuck you get
that what how did you get that it's easy
where what is where people kissing no no
it's not just the background moving when
you look at it nothing in the images
move it guys if you look at this image
it looks like it's moving if you really
scare into the center stare at the
center wherever you're not looking is
where it's moving but the image is not
moving okay Ryan just get optical
illusion stay cool let's get an actual
hardwood that's just like a quick little
brain trick thing commander the
showering shit yeah what'd he say right
man in the showers that are you slugs
no is the cat going up the stairs or
down the stairs I'm gonna say if you get
a right bro I'll give you $10 really
yeah easy up cuz there's a guy can
easily I can guarantee jungian that's
right okay there's no stairs okay give
me this theory this it's a painting what
look you'd see the line the line the
horizontal lines are straight this guy
said horizontal :
is that what is that was horizontal what
is that wrong bro there a stairs and
he's going left guys if you actually
want me to go through a bunch of optical
illusions on my main channel I will do
it this shit always confuses the fuck
out of me
so if you want to see your boy get
frustrated because I get frustrated when
I gets it wrong hit the like button and
I will put myself through some torture
hey guys so I'm back on omegle tonight
going under King wolf I'm gonna see how
many people in the wolf mi can prank
because basically if you guys didn't
know is my bro he kind of looks like me
but way out here for sure so it's like
he's I got a tweet out Yoko Ono Megillah
talked to me but then I'm gonna make
Ryan cover the camera like this and then
when he brings his hand off it's gonna
be Ryan and not me and see if anyone
notices the difference
nobody holy shit King wolf what's up man
I decided to chat with some wolf ass huh
you seen the tweet already wow you have
y'all fools know the other people he
talked to yours actually the first one
you just go on website man is on so nice
meeting you though I just gotta go just
share with other people see ya see you
buddy thanks man thank you
love your videos oh yeah hello guys what
are you saying well I will family do
your good
Oh easy what's the visit no you watch
like this holy or farrahfig guys oh fuck
your favorite I don't know any of that
I've done yeah three in a row if you hit
three in or over oh I'm leaving this
fucking room but fucking good knock
Wolfie wolf am how are you just a bit
thank you so much for the support I just
want to say hi and thank you for
watching this what up TRS snapchat it's
your boy wolfy wolf am stand up thank
you for the support youtube.com slash
will be you see I'm just gonna go meet
with other fans I'll get by I'm done I'm
done
no no no no fans stand up let's go I
think it's me if you think it's me how
are you guys
they're loyal they're loyal loyal fans
since you're loyal loyal okay
okay guys so moral of the story
wolf fam are great I love my fans you
guys are the best fans in the world but
at the same time some of you guys don't
you know who I am you think I'm sways so
we're gonna put the sways nation to the
actual test right now I'm going on
periscope and random people's chats I'm
gonna have to fake those sweets and see
the answer let's go this girl's thing it
says ask me anything so we're gonna go
in and ask if she knows ways like do you
like that you saw yes I do
if you don't say no I don't bongos on
attempt number three guys long time
sways nation fan right here this guy has
been Orion sweetie do you know where is
waste what does he say no yeah I just
Lakes is lip no you gotta write fuck
alright guys so as you seen the
conclusion of this science experiment is
that not as many people know right so as
you guys can see it is officially 309 in
the morning we spent way too long
fucking goofing off even though I don't
really have too much plan for tomorrow I
still should go to bed at a reasonable
time I also want to go shopping there's
one thing I want to get I want to get a
winter coat I only have a fall coat as
of right now but I'm trying to cop a
nice warm one brahmana in the blog off
there I hope you guys enjoyed that last
minute nighttime vlog I think it was
pretty late pretty adventurous for
starting at like 11:45 at night I was
blessed so go down and smash that like
button if you guys enjoyed let's hit
26,000 not 25,000 26,000 cuz it was
actually than fucking 28th row 29 30 bro
hit 40,000 50 to get a hundred thousand
also shut up of the day has to go to my
man Ryan sleaze is this guy's active as
loyal wolf if legit he knew more about
me than my own fans know about me on
omegle today so jealous Ryan and lastly
if you guys made to the very end of the
log I want you guys to comment down
below free my nigga Wolfie comment free
my nigga Wolfie just so I know you guys
made it to the very end in your active
ass wolf am and I will see you guys soon
on more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more savage in my main channel and
as always stay savage
Lego
