good morning what's fuckin Barford ayo
what's get your boy wolfy welcome back
to more wolfy I'm not that awake right
now but I'm a fake like I'm energized so
I can actually wake up like I said last
night I have to go pick up David because
me and David are filming another banger
today I'm energized but I haven't had my
coffee yet so we're gonna go pick up
coffees pick up a bit of food get that
food in our system and then that is when
we can film the perfect video without
too many trolls hopefully David don't
show me too much please okay also why
not kill two birds with one stone I got
my package in the mail I'm gonna go pick
that up while I am out right now please
just be a supply for any of the videos
that I need to do please so this is what
came in the mail guys this is gonna be
an absolute banger video I'm not gonna
tell you what these are but just know
that these might be gloves they might
not be gloves put them right there but
now it's time to fill them okay that's
all you get to see other set god David
on camera so we'll see how it goes so
we're at the park right now guys I
literally absolutely just destroyed my
old cotton candy maker because it fucked
me up in a video it broke on me so now
we're just being good citizens and
cleaning up all the scraps putting them
in the garbage bags why is there just a
random screw on the ground it sucks
because apparently there's no dogs
allowed at this park and no smoking well
the smoking doesn't matter for me but
the no dogs come on
you see wolfy jr. look he's a puppy it
doesn't matter we're done officially
filming this first video got my main
channel camera way here this thing's got
some nice footage on it the baseball bat
right here the Louisville Slugger now
gonna go grab some food we didn't get
food before what
let me show them I'm blessed show me a
snowball three a snowball wait for the
citizen always got to look out for the
citizens we'll start with the
medium-sized e ready all right we're
goin underhand three two one
oh fuck it almost broke it broke in my
hand we need a smaller ball you way so
you think you can do a better one ally
this that one I'll throw right-handed
overhand
Oh red
okay go yay reaction okay yay oh how fun
is that medium-sized Gilly boo that's
okie of the head okay throw me one I'm
gonna show you guys on baseball skills
the only sport I didn't play as a kid
Eddie oh look that's a nice connection
same that will go far good giveaway whoa
can get it if you guys can find the bat
you get the back it's right there the
hole that's hidden nicely ooh how long
it takes you to smash that it could be
one of those like you know you hit it so
hard but like it doesn't budget it hurts
your hands to hit it might be that I'm
going to do test your eight okay guys
I'm buying a soccer ball I'm about to do
something lit some lit DIY for this vlog
today probably gonna do it at the boy's
house I'm not quite sure now I'm just
deciding if I want to buy the typical
soccer ball or maybe like a little bit
smaller
honestly I might do the little smaller
one or maybe this one will go with the
regular size shout out to my man Shawn
for doing all of these Pokemon friggin
deck unboxings because these pack
openings are so late as a kid I used to
be addicted to getting like when I got
one of the use for my birthday this was
like when you knew shit was real you
know you got the old-school Mewtwo in
this one it's a rat
so guys are at Rideau Center we are all
bored if you didn't know
we're doing so you're like why not just
go to the mall no they all have
something I want to buy it's Cyber
Monday right now so nothing really is
like in on sale in the store it's not
like Black Friday everything's online
and I really want to find pants that fit
me but it's really hard when you're as
tall as me and everybody that I've been
meeting in person lately always tells me
I look way taller or I look way shorter
in my videos so that when they see me in
person they're like oh my god you're so
much taller than I expected I'm six five
shit is hard to do when you're 65
actually by cars
oh my god everything when the first stop
you stop at in the store as a store that
nothing fits you and guys I'm back in
Sarah same thing every time guys they
fit I don't fit can't buy anything here
they was trying to have a spending money
contest to see who can spend the most so
I think I need this you know this is no
I need I need I need that give me that
okay David might be I need this
comment down below David should buy this
what is it oh I know what it is you just
put it here and like worms usually I
were talking I should've known now we're
in a second store another biased or
because you know I can't fit my face on
Ravens my face is too fat I'm too tall I
can't fit but David is going balling out
now so so what happens when you shop
with small people man what happens when
you shop with small this could be me and
Sylvia if the glasses fit my face but
they don't fit my face guys I understand
mannequin poses and how they're supposed
to look swag is fuck wearing the clothes
because you're gonna buy the clothes you
see on a mannequin but what is this guy
saying right now like what pose are you
in bro you're leaning back like your
legs are spread like this like go on and
they're all like that good either swag
these are wavy for that man what is he
saying though guys I wasn't gonna get a
tripod but this thing just stands up and
look at the name of this guy Savage
monopod I'll take ten guys I need you
just to do me a favor just do me
something really nice all right call me
a genius because I just thought of the
most genius idea and the vlog that I
posted yesterday what I tried to do was
I tried to bring coke back to life
essentially I tried to give it its color
back so I had clear well Pepsi crystal
whatever coke it's same shit clear Pepsi
crystal and I threw it in the microwave
because I wanted to see if I could make
it boil and then turn back to it's like
dark or brown tint so that didn't work
out too well I know if I boiled it for
longer I probably could have made it
happen quicker but I like when things
happen instantly like that I don't like
waiting around for things so what I just
looked up online I look to see if there
was any way to turn coke like the
original color of coke like the brown
dark color and turn it into like a clear
ass liquid so it looks like Pepsi
crystal and there is the way that I
found is very dangerous so just don't do
it I don't want you guys to try and
recreate this at home I'm telling you
right now do not do this and do not
drink this because if you drink it
you're literally gonna die all you have
to do is mix in bleach with coke and
then let it sit for a bit because just
like with clothes bleach just turns it
white I think it's just gonna take all
of the color out of the coke until it is
clear I mean it's not drinkable but it
still does the job so right now we are
headed back out to the store to go get
this bleach Walmart or Shoppers Drug
Mart or one of these like
little drug stores he's the sponsor me
because I literally come to their stores
like ten times a day glowing looking for
supplies so it's like 10:30 now Walmart
closes at 11:00 I'm not gonna bother
going there but Loblaws is 24/7 we're
gonna go there and pick up the bleach
from now on in grocery stores I need you
guys to remind me by commenting down
below get a basket cuz every time I
forget to get a basket then I always end
up carrying a billion things like on me
and then I dropped them so the basket
just makes everything way more simple ah
my favorite drink of them all guys gotta
love your Clorox fuck you know you go to
a grocery store and you buy like such
I'm not even grocery store just a store
in general we buy like a weird
combination of shit and then you go to
the cash register and you go to go pay
for it and then you're just wondering
the whole time you're like I wonder what
this person bigs up doing with all this
stuff this is me every day being a
youtuber every fucking day of my life
but to buy bleach some friggin soda tank
Coke and Pepsi are beefing I never
noticed that Pepsi is on the exact
opposite side of the frickin aisle did
coke I was looking for that I was like
don't tell me they're out of coke no
they're just beefing hard right now come
on man coke we can talk it out buddy
like you don't need to be Pepsi like
that rope I thought we talked about this
so guys this is all you need for the
experiment basically you just need some
Clorox bleach everybody if you have the
internet you know what fucking bleach is
everyone in the comments these days kill
yourself kill yourself ah you know the
bleach okay I don't really have to
explain too much about that but if you
haven't seen the second ingredient if
you guys don't know what this is the
coca-cola coke I mean you should still
sponsor me I literally use your product
and like 50% of my videos so I mean just
reach out to me my emails in the
description my videos sponsor your boy
please respond to me because you know I
can be a great candidate for your fizzy
sodas now we're just gonna grab both
cokes at once and just give it a quick a
e.8 very satisfying to watch look at all
of the fizz goes move the coke to the
side and all you want to do I don't know
if this is gonna work but this is
apparently supposed to work so you're
gonna grab your Clorox bleach don't
breathe this stuff in too much because
it's dangerous for you you're not
supposed to breathe in bleach you're not
supposed to drink Lee so don't drink
bleach and just pour some bleach in here
so I'd say about till here oh and all
you look at that it literally turned red
instantly it smells like bleach so let's
just fan that out of here
but not least we're going to take a
knife we're going to watch this name
extra well after this but we're just
going to spin it around like so guys
just like that let it mix away and we
will come back to this coke in about
five minutes and I'll show you what it
looks like so it's been about five
minutes and this is what the coke is
looking like right now fully see-through
I mean you can see the bottle of coke
through it heat move it back comes into
frame it looks like oil it has a
yellowish tint it kind of looks like the
bleach itself but it gets more clear as
long as you add more bleach the more
clear gets and you just got to keep
stirring it around and this is what
you're gonna get so this is how you take
the color out of coke that's dope as
hell
smash that thumbs up on right now
because I hit one magic trick on the
head out of two in the past two days so
I'm one for two ok that's 50 percents
not that good but I hit that like button
anyways and I'll keep trying science
experiments now I gotta get rid of this
you can't even see it in the toilet
that's so trippy why bleach so today my
buddy jad dropped a video it was
basically he was talking to all his fans
on omegle which was dope as hell which
got me thinking I have not used omegle
in like forever since like the
chatroulette days when that was poppin
it might still be poppin I don't know I
haven't used it awhile I just tweeted oh
why not talk to some of the damn wolf am
right now at wolf your apps go follow
you on twitter and at Wolfie on
Instagram go follow you on Instagram I
said I'm gonna be on for 15 minutes and
the tag is gonna be or like the common
interest is gonna be Wolfie so basically
we're gonna see who's up it's 1:00 in
the morning so if you come to chat with
me you're the real MVP if I didn't get
to see you tonight I'm sorry I'll do
this more often because I love talking
you guys like one-on-one so here we go
15 minutes how many people can we meet
Mickey's belly getting like money
but it get some 6i climate gang gang
gang gang gang gang with Papa Doc oh
shit I can't you I can't hear you but
you're on the vlog you're like Scotty
what's your name type your name and
thank you for coming cuz it's 1:00 in
the morning here what time is it Cole
shoutout to my niggah Cole what time is
it where you're from if you say 1:00
a.m. you savage one leo thank you for
coming bro I appreciate it literally
this is like last seconds huh something
who's gonna come up to the chat
literally right now I'm getting murk as
I'm holding the camera like this because
I don't want them to see me because I
want to surprise them I mean it's a lot
more fun when you do that and they keep
skipping me because right now I'm just
playing music but the people that
actually stay in like that dude just
stayed in you didn't believe it was me
obviously but if you can stay in the
chat for like a minute and I just talk
to you then I'll reveal my ugly ass face
you can see my big nose it will talk for
a bit
okay guys I'm with my boys Adrienne and
then what's your name
Ronaldo hey Adrian and Ronaldo you guys
want to show anyone out on the vlog call
me Pablo
and Carlos you guys are in the vlog
shout out to all you guys
wolf fam stays lit number one side but
you know what it is 1:00 in the morning
we got school who gives a fuck okay so I
don't know what happened with the
friggin omegle site but I think we might
have broke the server's because everyone
was just too late at 2:00 in the morning
even though it's 2:00 in the morning the
wolf am literally lives all across the
world I was talking some dude from
Australia it was like mid-afternoon
where he was living and I get like a
boat to fall asleep in the chat anyways
shout out to everyone who came out shout
out to everyone who looked for me I
gotta either find a different site to
use to communicate with you guys like
one on one or I just got a periscope a
lot more because I know a lot of you
guys miss out on that because this site
I don't know what's popping with it like
I think it's bugging out because there
was just too many people so you might
have fuse chatroulette don't really want
to use Chara let that site's weird but
today's shout out of the day just goes
out to everybody who came out and made
an effort to come see me even the people
who saw me especially shout out to you
guys because you found your boy Wolfie I
love all you guys so I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog if you did do not
forget to go down well you probably
didn't forget go down smash that like
button let's hit 25 motherfuckin
thousand like you already know what it
is 25k 25000 and
No No please recipe I knew that very I'm
forgets my time at all so if you made it
to the very end of the vlog I want you
guys to comment down below
we broke Oh Megan comment down below we
broke omegle because the wolf ham is now
so powerful that we crash this damn site
it was having errors like nobody's
business so comment down below we broke
omegle and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more Cyrus in my main channel and as
always stay savage at all
