good morning hey yo what's good it's
your boy wolfy it's not morning as you
can tell I put the lights on in the car
it's nighttime now today is the day that
we drove back from Toronto right now
it's like five o'clock but because it's
winter it gets dark so early outside
there was a long ride I barely got any
sleep last night so right now I am
absolutely exhausted yeah I just dropped
bungo off at home shoutout to my dude
Bongo for helping me out so much in the
past couple days I don't know anything
about cars this guy knows a lot about
cars so it was really good having
someone who actually knows a thing or
two about whips to be with me while I'm
looking around so shout out to my boy
Bongo thank you you guys already know
Bongo is the real MVP right now I am
headed to my parents house literally I
feel like a bad pair - Wolfie you here
right now because we went to LA for like
a week and a half
extended Mercedes almost two weeks in LA
came home saw Wolfie jr. and then like
within a few days Sylvia had to go home
for something and I had to go to Toronto
so we left Wolfie jr. again all the hard
work all the training that we've done to
this little puppy actually is not a
puppy anymore he's a dog but still all
the hard work that's going out the door
because I know my mom is not feeding him
the food that we feed about home he's
letting him run wild she's letting him
buddy Tombo to pick this guy up and if
he bites me that I'm gonna be cheesed I
hope he remembers Who I am though
whoopee whoopee hey baby
hey hey prank okay here hey Wolfie are
you excited to get your mom Wolfie hey
are you excited to get your mom or what
I think I'm just down to sleep you just
took a big P outside hey buddy me and
your boy Wolfie jr. are about to pick up
Sylvia from the airport she just landed
texted me there's a lot of stuff in my
car right now so hopefully she didn't
bring too much back from where she was
are you standing outside no I'm just
rolling it up you're rolling out now
yeah really get it okay go downstairs an
animal fee will be there in a minute
right Toby a better be at these arrivals
that's all I gotta say
wolfy I hope you're ready to see your
mom this guy does not give two shits
he's sleeping my mom must have tired
this kind of help so the one thing about
airports is that you're not supposed to
stop at the arrivals so if Sylvia is not
here I have to do a loop-de-loop around
this corner up here and then circle
around and come back again because if
everyone were to stop and just wait for
whoever they were picking up it would be
absolutely busy so it makes sense but
now we got to do a loop-de-loop
Castilians not here okay guys we found
her look at her
wolfy you see your mom I'm calling her
why am i calling her well if you see
your mom stop oh my god he Cesar Oh you
disconnected the oxcart
wolfies literally crying he sees raising
where did she go where did she go he's
going off guys okay guys so I just took
a bit of a nap but now we're watching I
think it's called like the green cup or
something they play we're watching the
Grey Cup it's basically like the Super
Bowl of Canadian football so actually my
town auto eyes playing in it right now
against Calgary Stampeders so I can't
see the score here 23:27 Ottawa
redblacks are in the lead four minutes
left or no six minutes left
so thanks oh yeah my dad's gym trains
the red black so he really wants some
days you train some of the red black so
he wants them to win he's really into
the game he's not actually sleeping he
usually sleeps during these games so he
is asleep though she doesn't care about
football total beginners over there with
my sister he is and get a feel of me and
then after this game is done I'm gonna
go back to our house because I mean so
they still went home and then I have to
pick up a supply because I told you guys
that I would do the
do not microwave the Pepsi crystal so I
gotta get that right
so our mom doesn't want me to do it so
hit that like button and let's get into
it touchdown that box it's not gonna
you can write for his water so I can
microscope PC tap I'm just putting it in
a bowl and microwave again otherwise
yeah don't attempt what I'm going to do
do not put any bar in the microwave
don't put any tinfoil just like I told
you guys with the chip bags it can be
dangerous I'm gonna put it in a bowl
before i microwave it just so it's like
liquid just to see if it changes colors
or anything cool happening okay so we're
back at the crib I got my Pepsi crystal
I promised you guys I would do this I
could not find Pepsi crystal when I was
in Toronto I mean I didn't really try
too hard but I have it back in my own
house okay I already get it in Ottawa so
basically what you want to do is shake
it up as much as possible the more
carbonation you have the better the
reaction is going to be I don't even
know if there will be a reaction at all
but what you don't want to do I'll tell
you that do not open up your microwave
like this and throw it in close the
microwave like this and expect
everything to go well I made sure to
look up some YouTube videos of just like
people putting soda bottles in soda cans
in the microwave I know you guys want to
see them light on fire but I'm not gonna
ruin the only microwave we have in my
new house I'm gonna be careful with this
one if you guys really like these videos
though you'll smash that like button and
let me know if you want me to get
another microwave because if I get
another microwave I can just do whatever
I want with that one I mean I can even
buy like an extension cord and then plug
it in outside so that if it explodes
it's not gonna ruin my house so for now
we're stuck with this one so I don't
want to ruin it so I got bowls right
here so basically what you want to do is
open one of the Pepsi crystals as you
guys can see the fizz is coming to the
top there's some hot water okay then
definitely fuckin Pepsi this stuff trips
me out to this day very very weird but
the thing about soda or pop or anything
like this my friend was telling me I
don't know if this is true but he was
saying that before any pop gets any
color like the dark brown the coke
usually is are like black everyone's get
like lime green and like yellow before
any of that they are just clear liquids
and then they add the food coloring or
some sort of coloring to them after
that's like what they do after so my
goal in microwaving this is at least I
don't know exactly what's gonna happen
but imagine if it boiled and then some
reaction went on in the microwave and it
turned back to like black soda that
would be like the best possible reaction
that can happen right now so let's just
pour I don't want to waste all of it but
you can see it's fizzing up when you
pour it and we're gonna play it safe on
this one so I'm gonna put some paper
towel over the top of it just in case it
explodes if something goes on it won't
explode in the microwave it'll explode
into the paper towel so we'll do 30
seconds to start
three minutes will be three minutes is
correct okay that was already off how
did I come off so quick cuz you put
start again and now we wait okay paper
towels just like a flop I really hope
this this doesn't explode I'm not
wearing goggles
I mean I don't know why it's liquid at
the end of the day worst case it like it
gets hot that's bubbling so it's been in
for about 20 seconds we're gonna leave
it in for 20 more seconds
I just don't trust putting things in the
microwave these days after seeing the
friggin shit bet okay I'm gonna take it
out it's fizzing like crazy guys it's
fizzing like crazy and it really smells
like putty crystal as you guys can see
it's still white I think we should put
it in for a little longer that's it
about a minute try that to Silvia for
filming this you can see my hands I'm
not even holding anything silly you got
the camera where is it bubbling it's
bubbling guys it is bubbling now it is
officially bubbling check this out go
it's bubbling like crazy but it's doing
changed colors is it hot so the bubbles
are continuing to go but nothing's
really happening the bowl is still
pretty cold to be honest the liquid
inside the Crystal Pepsi is definitely
forget hot it's kind of reminding me of
like the time that I made the friggin
instant water no the hot ice the
holidays because that stuff literally
you had to boil it on the stove for like
an hour and a half before it changed
colors but it was clear for the whole
time the vinegar and then after like an
hour and a half it finally turned yellow
after a half but what
the hell nothing really happened guys I
don't know what's going on I'm gonna
grab a spoon though because I don't know
exactly what happened but I feel like
for some reason we instantly made the
soda flat so I'm gonna throw this
workaround in the liquid just to see if
bubbles come up so here we go literally
like only water bubbles make sure the
temperature is good okay that's not bad
so here we go oh I should say explode oh
my face yeah there's no fizz in there
it's literally just like a weird tasting
water but there is no fizzled the fizz
out of the soda but I'm cheese it did
turn colors so maybe we'll just put it
in for lager so we'll try that up now
I'm gonna friggin just put it all in
just verify this is Pepsi as you guys
can see oh okay
okay okay just open this little area so
it's been about two minutes nothing has
happened with the liquid yet please just
please anything happen I just want to
see you turn brown I know you're brown
so just friggin turn brown a few moments
later so guys it's been around four and
a half minutes and it's starting to turn
brown this stuff literally looks yellow
in there I don't know what exactly is
going on but this is some crazy shit
right now so check this I'm gonna take
it off frickin I'm gonna take it out
before it explodes boom stop look at
that yellow the coke the true colour of
the coke is coming out ok guys you can't
me I'm fucking like I wish that happened
I had to pour some of this in just to
show you guys that it doesn't turn
yellow it doesn't turn brown or yellow
or dark brown black no the color
spectrum doesn't matter it just doesn't
turn the colour we wanted to turn
Crystal Pepsi is a flop I wish I could
say it wasn't but sometimes you win
sometimes you lose so Matt just means we
have to free and microwave more stuff so
comment down below what you want me to
throw in the microwave next time all I
gotta do is put it in my microwave which
by the way I should definitely get a new
one so let me know by hitting the like
button again if you want to see me get a
new microwave that I can absolutely
destroy and that's a wrap for the Pepsi
Krystal I'm sorry Pepsi Krystal you just
gotta go cuz honestly I'm not trying to
drink some warm a soda so there you go
I'm G cam not to cheese I'm actually
kind of happy I finally got one of these
mail slips I've been waiting for one of
these for so long I
be absolutely shocked if I go to a post
office tomorrow and this is the parts
from my computer that I've been waiting
literally I'd say like three to four
months for at this point they ship them
out and then they ship them back because
I wasn't here I guess and then my
voicemail wasn't working so they
couldn't leave me a message so I took
them back and then the part got back
ordered the main part that I needed so I
had to wait like another two months so I
don't think it's gonna be them I pretty
much given up with the computer I have
ordered a few things recently so I don't
know what this is but every time I get
on with these slips I'm not excited just
to see what came in because as soon as
something comes in I like to film a
video with it so it's been your season
you already know what it is December is
coming up so I'm uploading as many
banners as possible for you guys also
tomorrow morning David and me are
filming another heat heat heat video
also I'm in the midst of planning more
pranks oh my god the ideas are just
flowing through my blood right now so
all I gotta say guys just get ready
because the next month is gonna be crazy
we'll see is it bedtime for you it's
bedtime is it gonna be Bangor season
yeah okay bless good boy so I filmed a
video on David's channel and look at
what this guy did this guy disrespected
king wolf just a bit of a backstory
David never tells me what we're gonna
film before we film so every time he'll
just turn the camera on and then he's
just like okay let's write this is what
we're doing and every time I'm like kid
brother what do we feel but just give me
a hint at least before we start filming
this guy never gives me hints like this
goes all the way back to when we always
used to film team elbow videos none of
the guys would know what he wants to
film we'd all sit down on the couch and
then he'd just be like okay we're doing
the shock ball challenge with fucking
five shot balls so look what this guy
said about me Lydia I'm like what are we
doing and then he's like Shrek has no
idea what we're about to film low Shrek
Shrek Dave okay buddy you know we're
filming at my house tomorrow right
you're getting pranked bro I don't know
what I'm gonna do yet but I am gonna
figure out a way to prank your ass cuz
nobody calls your boy Wolfie Shrek I
might have a stretch looking nose I
might have a Shrek looking frigging
forehead and chin but I ain't green you
feel me so I'm finally getting you back
for calling me Shrek and trolling me on
all my videos bro you're done they guy
already after roasting we already got a
David parody roast that I just found on
YouTube daddy gonna copyright them with
that blah
imperative hey hold up his body can
contain all that boots a bit or maybe
maybe you even smile you sauce
constipated wish you said dick get him
let's get room 20 good job face it
you're being yourself oh shit oh shit I
leased a good and buy a membership okay
they're my David you might want this
time just forget I played that video the
struggle to clean your clothes is real
the new lifestyle I'm trying to live
where I just Yolo I just go wherever for
however long is great but at the same
time it's a little frustrating to have
to come back and unpack and Freyja wash
all the clothes I just I want to do it I
do it I never wash things so he does it
all find a girl that looks at you the
way wolfy jr. looks at me sleepily
anyways guys this is gonna be one of my
more short vlogs because I'm gonna end
it off there so if you guys enjoyed the
short vlog if you guys wanted to do more
crazy stuff make sure to go down and
smash that like button literally I have
so many surprises coming for you guys
very soon like in the next few days
there's gonna be one surprise but
another surprise is gonna slap me across
the face is gonna come and then another
thing is there's gonna be surprised also
I wanna give a big shoutout to my niggah
George today I see you on Twitter big
fan bro big fan you're super active I
appreciate you thank you so much and
lastly if you guys made it to the very
end of the vlog I want you guys to
comment down below our IP David comment
our IP David so David knows not to mess
with the boy King Wolfie but other than
that again I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog and I will see you guys soon on
Milwaukee where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage Lego
