good morning Amy oh it's good to wear
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie
another day another car shopping
experience guys check out this view I
mean not this view this view this what
I'm talking about guys all of Toronto
well summit Toronto but the main part
this is what is important guys the CN
tower in this bitch give alright alright
construction workers are not no they
don't love it you guys know how we live
in we only drink the finest mango nectar
in the morning check this shit out
slit from pomeranian magnet Magners
mangoes split split okay get talking
this game shit better when he comes on
because when evening they don't know I'm
hiding around the corner watch this woo
oh you still got cook so guys the guy
was not ready to take us out
mercedes-benz so we have to get some
food right now check this out this is a
life hack with these ketchup things this
if you only have a limited amount of
space with the ketchup thing so check
this out you're like I just want this
much ketchup
oh and missed it this much ketchup you
can only hold so much ketchup but if you
go like this it's a fucking light on you
want to pull it open all the way like
this guys so now look at all the space
you have to grab ketchup e8 e8 2 3 you
can fit one hole more squirt one squirt
more gotta grab a bib for Ryan this guy
always likes to use bibs for some reason
dare you
for your friends okay guys so we're just
leaving the dealership now I'm not gonna
tell you anything about anything but
basically just know that it is a good
day I'm being very vague for a reason
but now we are going to get worse now
we're going to get food we haven't eaten
really much today cried McDonald's in
the morning but I really don't eat
McDonald's in the morning it's like an
11:00 p.m. or later type thing for me so
now I'm going to get actual food we're
still in Toronto the vlog for the rest
of the day is going to be a lot more lit
I wish I could bring you guys along for
the journey of going to look at
everything today but it was a lot of
boring a lot of paperwork a lot of
stress so I didn't want to invite you
guys on that but there's no more stress
anymore it's gonna be a blessed day
let's get it look at this garbage
YouTube vlogger he's so bad
look at this first try let's get it
absolutely perfect guys were getting
food right now so bombs taking us to a
place called local he says it's around
this area but we were walking for the
past half an hour and all I want to do
is just alright with water bottles
what's the place that we're at right now
we're at Liberty Village watching people
work right here when we're about to eat
the scrumptious meal before you eat guys
you always got to do one water bottle
flip for good luck once that's with
shiny cop all right once I use for like
a real one here
yeah that's why I thought yeah you're
supposed to land it on the steam
whistles ow
I said lanolin steam yeah that's what
you meant to do is like this girl this
is so basically everybody is turning up
outside there should they pause the
music try to be happy right we're
chillin over there Ryan didn't see me
hold up
I didn't see me up camera good basically
when I went to the store to get my blue
Gatorade last night I saw this crazy
blu-ray behind the shelf so I was like
why not drag crank one of the boys while
we're here you got all the boys here
DJ's chillin on the couch
Sean Bronco and Ryan are all awake right
now so why not take some of this crazy
room and put it on the toilet seat so
that one of the boys has to go to the
bathroom they sit on the toilet and you
can't get up because this done so that
police that little kind of pop this bad
boy open and then oh my god it comes
with this pointy pin and then you got to
poke it in a crazy little flip and fly
out I mean then it's already coming out
it's literally already come whole shit
hit that like button if you want me to
prank these guys more often because if
your boys always got the phrase I
haven't got a bunch of my main channel
in a while I've got to get back on the
light for now if you guys want to see
logic ranch on the blogs hit that like
button let's get it hopefully I can get
someone
okay so we're finally caming in and
we're finally going back to Ryan's house
because these guys are begging us to
take them to get close forever we did
not they are going now yes we're going
now you're that boy where's your coffee
you hurry up all over the cut yeah hurry
up what do you mean fucking stuck to the
wood they are rusted piss oh my bad
this guy's the best just wipe it off bro
just wipe it off man your boy the paper
very much live in that just stand up
yeah those are those new are crazy glue
trucks you played yourself don't ever
play yourself another fucking wolfy
again - you did nothing wrong but you
suck that Bongo we gotta go that's going
on because in other words in other words
not one where you don't know what the
hell Brian you didn't tell me you worked
with you know I do a little one -
modeling gig that's you this is crazy
that's alright guys anyways guys we're
shopping right now we're not shopping
Bongo is shopping we might go out
tonight we haven't figured out what
we're doing silly is going home tomorrow
morning so basically I'm in no rush to
go home like there's no reason I need to
be home right now people over my career
I'm not sleeping I write scripts we
might have to fight a new Airbnb to stay
a couple days longer because that would
be a heavy yellow video if you give it
you live in City Toronto each boy up you
may have to be light skinned sweet and
tall and over six foot right Lily Fred's
dead legit but yeah we might extend the
Airbnb we have to leave the one at 11
a.m. tomorrow morning so like we have
nowhere to stay right now but it could
be a possibility just like I extended
the flight in LA I'm living very Yolo
these days so it could be a ting and if
we do stay and there's a lot of stuff in
Toronto that we don't do and do in
Ottawa guys why pay for these magic
8-balls
when you can just ask them questions for
free in the store so here we go are we
gonna have a good time tonight yes I
know let's see it says so it shall be
forget our good times that is no okay is
right a snake the stars say no hey to
the stars is wolfy God say no you can
count on it I like I say I told you it
doesn't like guys check this bowl out
dude before we're going out tonight if
we go out tonight I think we're going
out tonight I got the bull steak and
chicken mix I don't know what to tell
you about this you guys know Chipotle's
are you lettuce fuck so but to dig in
okay guys so it's pretty late at night
but guess what is still open
you know how in LA I did one of those
haunted houses or like one of those
escape mansions we are doing that right
now but it's a shame I can't bring my
camera there so we're gonna go turn up
and I will let you guys know how it is I
will be back in three two one
okay guys so we just got back from the
friggin escape room I absolutely merked
it Ryan didn't do too much all right
side but the rest of the guys are in
basically there's this game floor where
we're staying right now and these mods
will not fucking come out it we're
trying to order food it's late so we
don't have too much time Oh
oh uh anyways guys there in the games
room the party room look at this I don't
know if you can see too much in there oh
wow the ladies actually blessed they
were playing pool there was a party in
there tonight and someone left the door
open so we turned off in there for a bit
and they turned up okay guys so I
completely passed out I was so tired
last night that I forgot to end off the
vlog I passed out while I was fully
clothed in my shoes literally like on
the couch so I thought why not recycle
the same clothes today because you know
I just gotta keep it fresh but we are
going to go shopping today it's Black
Friday Africa today Africa I'm gonna
make let's people in African America
Friday I African having Friday but shall
we right now we are weaseling our way
through these back alleys finding a
parking spot and then we're gonna see
what hookups they got today so we're
doing the shopping challenge so far I'm
gonna lead with one thing we got to step
it up boys
anyone i got a nice blad hoodie / sure
I'm trying to stop up my plaid
collection so we can't drop off our
Airbnb key because Sean's asleep Sean
has the number of the guy that we stayed
in the house can't get a reach from the
guy at the front lobby won't let us drop
off the key for some reason so kind of
stranded so we're forced to shop so we
call Spider City Spider City feel guys
it's what I call shopping bag trick
shotting
so Ryan has got two pairs of shoes he's
up to one everyone else has zero but
that means I just got a step up my
dollar sign write them we want to start
dollar sign that's cool dollar sign ok
bless let's get it oh my goose hi
nice guys Carl stop rosy doc he's nice
stop this
Casey I don't know how you do it man nah
I don't know why but I think they
dropped their shirt in the shredder
before trying to sell it I think Birds
got in the load that they're shipping
out because this is definitely not
assured this kid do you see the birds
got in the load of the shirt and nicely
marked it up my classic hard rock second
purchase of the day is this great throw
over basically I just caught this it
actually fits me nothing inside it fits
me but Excel it's really big this is
what I just coughed so now I have two
things creeping up on this guy
yo Bongo don't drop this over there's
nothing that I am the one about that
real look you put the soul back 24-hour
challenge and shoppers your money you're
saying this is the biggest Lindor
chocolate I've ever seen in my life
$40 for this thing giant candy tastes as
looking ass um cheese yo Ryan were you
doing downtown where you have no
business here dawg
there's no business good take a guess
why I'm roasting you room because I'm
the mack daddy that's why honestly I'm
gonna toss myself aw for that guys the
Airbnb you were staying at this fresh is
how looks sketchy as hell on the outside
but wait is there another floor too yeah
what not gonna lie guys from outside it
looks like shit yeah take off my shoes
first guys two full bedrooms upstairs
yeah so we all get bedrooms in fish to
keep way better than the first one hold
on guys I show you a tour
I gotta take off my shoes so you come up
these steep stairs there's sandals down
there for all the men it's literally
bathroom in here not too bad look cool
it cool not bad at all don't judge a
book by it's cover legit another
bathroom or another bedroom crazy Oz huh
easy water food stop em 30 everyone whoa
in the row is there anything for DIY
Wolfie this microwave these are steep
stairs very steep stairs coming into
another room it's a wrap so much fucking
space there's another bathroom okay a
closet this is in the master bedroom
yeah mad space literally like I don't
know what this cow skin lucky last thing
is got a decent view from outside okay
not really even still I just posted
comment on my epic right now
what do you guys commenting on my pic
snake yeah get exposed you expose
yourself bro what are you commenting on
what these guys trying to get top
comment on my insta pic if you guys
didn't know there's a new feature on
Instagram mad channels are doing it like
fucking decline okay decline I see you
people are literally commenting and if
you have their followers you get the
bottom comment on somebody's pick so
then people are more inclined to follow
you Daquan life huh life hacks YouTube
start commenting saying Kylie Jenner
this pic looks like me and then putting
an arrow to your profile you're not a
person your friend page so how does
Kylie look like you anyways that's a big
doing what no sir you're doing her bond
was putting boxes and you're putting
raunchy but you said you doing it
absolutely you sleepy sleepy sleepy I
wanna see I haven't cut the camera so
you've been talking you up it is you
posted you eyes you big like you already
commented 50 times texting anyways guys
we got a DIY coming up tonight we're
gonna go get food first and the Airbnb
guy even left us some black label porn
up tonight I just took in these lights
and this mirror I'm getting the selfie
in here so I'm trying out my hipster
swag guys and I just rolled up my pants
check this out no rolled up dress socks
got the blunt stones on oh can you see
the mincemeat Oh
okay there you go look at that longer
just ordered a tuna so I didn't think
anybody actually got tuna subs I got a
tuna sub that's right next to egg salad
sandwich sub right good way to troll
your friends when you're at Subway is
just stand behind them and when they're
ordering like certain meats or toppings
or whatever just try and talk in their
voice and then see if you get the
employee to put on the shit that they
don't want other sub Lisa gets on a
trout variety school pen
reapepper
the names prickles
onions cripples
Oh also red light mail and some barbecue
sauce
actually a little bit apart and some
ranch that's good
handsome ranch okay guys so I'm finally
about to film and I got everything ready
basically I will not go to an air B&B if
they don't have a fucking DIY kitchen so
I got it yeah I kitchen with a nice
Island and before I film I never check
the supplies in the house I just like to
go like by the seat of I don't know how
that quote goes actually just go fly by
the seat of ask whatever laws of the sea
if you fly by the seat of your feet okay
we're calling it down below I don't know
what it is but basically I don't like to
check the supplies in any house that I
film the video in because if I don't
have the supplies I like to adapt and
then just see if I can actually
successfully do the video so right now
Ryan's filming for me yeah so you guys
know if the camera works bad blame Ryan
you know the deal here we go I'll let
you guys know how it goes like halfway
through okay guys so so far I've filmed
half of my video I'm gonna take a break
until tomorrow morning to film the rest
of it but look at the table right now
it had chocolate all over it I made a
giant mess so there was chocolate here
here but everything's clean now I got
mad leftover chocolate I cleaned all the
dishes cleaned all these so now I'm a
little hungry so I think Ryan ordered
food I'm going to publish deals that is
true the colon wasn't
me when I miss bill fellows food guys
have been feeling so frigging lazy at
Toronto holy crap yeah I just mercury
and food and Pascoe for like a good hour
I had the best night of my life and
that's really late so I'm just gonna go
to bed at this point they were going
back to Ottawa tomorrow morning we
haven't decided what time exactly but
I'm pretty sure we get kicked out of
this air B&B at 11:00 trauma and the
walk off there I hope you guys enjoyed
if you did do not forget to go down
smash that like button wolf and you know
what it is 25,000 likes is what we
always push for we smash it every time
so let's get it also shut out of the day
goes to boom Clara I see you on my
Twitter with the retweets keep doing
your thing I love my active followers
you guys are the best and lastly if you
guys made it to the very end of the vlog
I want you guys to comment down below
tomorrow is gonna be a good day comment
tomorrow's gonna be a good day because
you got to always think about life in a
positive way you gotta think positive
you got to keep your attitude positive
and tomorrow I get to go home and I get
to see my puppy again I get to see
Sylvia again I get to see my family
again so tomorrow's gonna be a good day
anyways again I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog and I will see you guys soon on
more wool fuel we stay a little bit more
established in my main channel and as
always stay savage Lego
