good morning AO it's going to boil okay
welcome back to more wolfy it's freezing
but I just pulled up to the camera store
we bought to Sylvia a backdrop for her
setup so now they're going to come out
of that door and bring all of the colors
and the backdrop stand itself out to the
car so I got to put the seats down or
the trunk down oh my god I got a hurry
pull this up put that down
handy dandy Wolfie yo who's purple
gloves are downstairs ya know
who's run for the cube lookin ass steel
I be like cutting gloves are out here
I'll up to something I'm up to something
but I really didn't update you guys but
basically we're just looking around for
cars right now it's winter it's hard to
drive in this little Mazda back there so
there might be something coming in the
future I'm not going to guarantee
anything yet it's just a looking day so
bongos here and then the rest of the
boys are rolling up because they just
want to be here for some nice decisions
being made today but we were just at the
Range Rover place and now we're at a BMW
like I said no guarantees but car
shopping just gets me amped
I was never into this before I got my
first car and now I'm like addicted BMW
ok guys so today has been a long and
hectic day but there's still much more
to the day ok we last minute decided we
are gonna go to Toronto so right now
we're just waiting on Silvia to get back
with my car and then me Bongo and DJ I
don't know about Jack because Jack might
be at the mall are going to Toronto I
think we're just gonna book an Airbnb
like last second either that or a hotel
but this was super last second because
like I was saying earlier Toronto just
has a way bigger selection of cars than
Ottawa and yeah Ottawa has some dope
cars but Toronto is where it's at so we
have to go there I think it's a little
better than Montreal hopefully Montreal
doesn't have way better options in
Toronto because then I would regret
going to Toronto but it's kind of giving
myself a vacation too so I'm going to
edit in the ride up ryan has no idea
that we're going to Toronto but as soon
as this guy finds out you best believe
he'll be in the blog but let's get it
you guys didn't believe me when I said I
was going to Toronto to scout cars as a
youtuber I am blessed with the
opportunities I have like I can just
pick up my bags and go wherever I need
to go because I can vlog on the road I
can film my videos wherever I need to be
as long as I got my DIY kitchen in the
air B&B or Hotel probably Airbnb I don't
know if we have 100
book yet but right here we're at Trenton
we're more than halfway last time I came
to this bathroom there was a spider up
there and it was huge that's the only
thing I remember from this under now I
just gotta wait for the rest of the boys
to finish up their pee break and then
Ryan were coming this man's excited for
us to come so guys we're in Starbucks
right now we can't go to the Airbnb yet
so I'm uploading my two videos I have
the Internet at Starbucks ones doing oh
no they're both doing pretty well at
this point this one's been debating a
bogey for three years so finally decided
to go smoke it anyways we couldn't get
my friend Vivian yet there's an errand
being here I couldn't get in the Airbnb
yet so I think Ryan is coming here to
meet us and then we're going back but as
soon as my main channel videos up Thank
You Starbucks I appreciate your Wi-Fi
you're amazing I got both my videos then
with half an hour to spare now it's
raining but at least the rain is not as
bad as the snow in Auto ah so just
picked up my brother I say just kidding
we didn't pick them up he bust here
because this guy still doesn't have his
g1 for some reason he's like what 27
years old
look at him here's a nice line I look I
should go to his barber dad's 41 don't
call the vlog I thought you 69 the
moment of truth is the key in the lock
do we have the key is the question is
the key here I don't know is the key
here are we breaking and entering
the keys here the keys here we should
get in there baby yeah it's cool let's
go gosh that's a nice bed has you just
got here look at this shit why is my bed
in the kitchen yeah where's my bed we go
oh that's wavy how much is this please
that's wavy that's actually cool as hell
never mind you scratch says hello couch
arse is it comfy oh this is a sleeper
ball oh this is easy to sleep on bro
I don't please like this but this view
is not what they showed us on the area B
site but you can't see the CN Tower oh
that's nice okay
what alright guys well you pretty much
saw the house in about five seconds it's
just this little bathroom in here nice
little shower all right this is much
more than I needed much more than I need
my favorite thing about this base is
honestly the selection of knives for my
Kofi right now god this one we got a
sharpener we got one for this one for
steak there's some fucking we got food
oh thank you so much for the food from
the previous guests so guys this is the
meat that was in the Airbnb when we came
the guy the host was generous enough to
say yo you guys can have it I mean when
you come here you can have this because
previous guests left it here so
basically as you guys can see when meat
gets bad it curls up and it's hard as
fuck like you know does it crack oh it
got so Ryan said he'll take a bite out
of it god I knew is for you a slave
nation I do shoot it video so everybody
hit the like button right now and Ryan
will take this bike you can subscribe
right into YouTube comments was a new
cause less riots ways but I'll leave it
in the description just because you know
he he deserves a shadow for doing this
but you have to take a nice chunk of
this five-year-old meat looking at for
how long this is all it's in the fridge
so this is this could be like a look
like a rainbow like a llama huh what why
no what this will be like ten year old
meat bro well is that meat or a cracker
like why is it so much good bad punch
hurt well it's chips it's not salami
it's blown oh okay go actually kind of
smells bliss Oh
nice like your glitz level so now you
lose you just lose this is a scarecrow
anyway take it take it take it to you I
was like take it Oh what is it you are
what kind of music I mean it's really
long time
there's no way Oh watch it swallow it no
yeah that's gonna give you the girl
that's making you rats is shutter Ryan
no doubt bro bro if I can disguise just
sitting there talking I'll say something
Dennis cringe millions are at know I
know the front part was like so late
alright I'm back here five-year-old me
looking at fuck off your ops yay there
are movies gonna give me easy second try
I'm cheese no no no no no no no I got I
got this chick you might be one still
but oh my god bro just getting like
eight in a row and one i'm cheesed okay
i'm next up fuck i'll leave that in
come on gradually come on basically hey
guys so I was just walking and look at
how far this goes down this vent holy
shit so we're on a mission right now
it's like 2:30 a.m. but we're still not
that tired so we have me Ryan DJ and
Bongo Sean went to bed we have a bunch
of cars places to go in the morning but
for now Brian is trying to convince us
to take him back to his house which is
like a 20 minute drive that he says it's
a 20 minute drive but it's really like a
35-minute drive because he wants to
sleep here and kick it with the boys so
that he can come with us in the morning
but I don't know if that's gonna work
quick 2:30 a.m. grocery run at a Baba
I'm craving blue Gatorade for some
reason so I'm about to get some it's 24
hours I also need lip balm or lip chap
something because I lips are dry AF
almost like that one picture on my
Instagram when I was like fucking cried
so elite that's good okay guys so it's a
four in the morning night it's very late
and look go after sleep beside tonight
this one this window light in the room
you love Jesus no like literally this
guy's just like now I'm not gonna Airbnb
so I got cup nectar friggin Ryan tonight
in the sky snow versus oh Jesus boy yeah
you don't start yeah this is Ryan yo
guys guys so I'm gonna end the vlog off
there because we have an early morning
tomorrow it's literally a packed well
not really packed day there's no plans
officially but I'm here for cars so I
gotta look at cars all day tomorrow so
I'm gonna end the vlog off here I hope
you guys enjoyed if you did make sure to
go down and smash that like button
25,000 okay I might do a meet-up in
Toronto maybe no guarantees Lizzie
so go down smash that like button if you
haven't already also shout-out to my
dude Bradley I see you on Instagram
showing love in the comments or showing
love through the phone you already know
what it is so shout out to you and
lastly I want you guys to comment down
below
ryan snores oh come on Ryan sirs
love Mariah tres comas guys leave them
down below so I know you made it to the
end of the blog and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more sours if I'm a Jedi as
always this I was like oh
