good morning ayo was finishing boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy how about
guys surprise for you guys this morning
look at this remember her yesterday I
said it was snowing and like the weather
was gonna get better
check out how nice the weather is today
I feel like I'm back in LA guys look at
this I love this like look at that no
snow at all like houses are not covered
in snow like it's amazing weather here
not a while we're happening anyways I
just went to the store and picked up
more supplies because last night I
played myself I didn't pick up enough so
I got stuff all over here gadgets
gadgets gadgets today is gonna be a
productive day both me and David are
trying to bang out a video if it's bang
or season like I told you guys on my
main channel and if I didn't tell you
then on my vlog Channel I'm telling you
right now it's bang or season that means
christmas is coming up kids are gonna be
home I'm droppin heat all the time every
day not every day but almost every
single day every second alright I'm
dropping a lot of having swarmers for
breakfast and lunch guys hopefully they
didn't screw up my shawarma this time
I'm pretty sure I got my sandwich mixed
up with the dude in front of me I got my
new micro muff on my main channel camera
and it looks swaggy I wish you could see
the one that's on this camera right now
looks like pubes cuz it's just been like
through hell and then I got my two
batteries right here fully charged we're
ready no so guys I just finished filming
my video and I had a bit of an injury
during it so I don't know if you really
can see this but I sliced my finger open
nicely like right here you see a slice
yeah it really didn't hurt at the time
but when you slice yourself open it
always has like a delayed pain effect so
now it's starting to hurt a bit
I also sliced myself right here it was a
kind of dangerous not too dangerous but
now we're shooting a video for Davis
channel David said his stuff up he never
tells me what we're doing before we film
so I guess it's a complete surprise to
both of us and by both of us I mean me
and you guys I'll let you guys kind of
know a secret of what happened after the
video but hopefully I don't puke this
time I puke in every one of his videos
so I'm gonna set the mood hold up I
gotta set the mood for our video once
you turn that janna bar thank you a barf
bag hold up right after I play some
romantic music I've been waiting to
confess hey Siri play some romantic
music for me
oh let's go no I'm not coming to you
David spilling time hey guys so this is
the remnants of what we just did on
David's channel basically he got these
chips and it's called like a1 chip
challenge basically all you have to do
is eat one chip I'm not going to tell
you what the hell happened you guys can
assume kind of what happened it's
supposed to be like one of the spiciest
chips in the world so David's like
crying on the ground right there
my mouth is absolutely on fire but the
video will be on David's channel
probably in a few days so get ready for
that it's an absolute banger you already
know Davis channel youtube.com slash
David parody why is there milk here okay
this locally even though I just did it
cleanup for my video and I got garbage
bags on garbage bags over here now we
have to do another cleanup for David's
video vlog Danny a thumbnail
yeah come try the chip can use I need
you to take off your shirt alright so
guys I'm not the boys house I'm about to
edit my blog but I want to show you the
stuff I haven't seen this go all around
YouTube lately my boy Alex the zombie
just did it so shout it to him but
basically there's this series going
around where it's like do not boil or do
not microwave like a certain thing so I
bought some of these chip bags from the
store I'm gonna take the chips out of
them and see what happens when I throw
them in the microwave notice how I'm not
at my house because I don't want to
explode my house so I'm doing it at the
boys house they don't really know I'm
doing it so I'm just gonna do it and if
something explodes over like I wasn't me
really sneaky
I think steal my clear hot sauce come on
a man like that back I think someone was
gonna try and prank me with my own
supplied what you guys have any bowls in
your house all right there does anyone
want chips
you okay bless barbecue coming up make
sure it's empty guys you want to make
sure all the chips are out so looks
pretty empty to me so here we go this is
what it looks like
open this microwave throw it in there
I don't know how long to put it on for
but let's just see start did you see
that oh my god okay I'm gonna wait for
it to cool down I'm gonna wait for it to
cool down saying it just rung z-row did
you open it no I don't open it just let
it cool down but look at this oh oh is
that why it's cool guys like 2 seconds
it smells like ass that is how does it
feel right ok this came out of this Oh
Reese's you don't really shit
microwaving chip bags is to do wave guys
you gotta try this
actually I'm don't try it out because it
might be dangerous as hell but this is
what happens now we got Cheetos we got
my chips and then the finale is with a
big bag fuck no that's how you like your
house on fire hey guys next I'm gonna do
some Cheetos I love my Cheetos but the
bank can get a little too big at a time
so this one is pretty late this one's
mad big so let's go hey there's gonna be
a nice spark but hello just press ok
come on yeah yeah it's kind of scary for
the first two seconds because you're
like what the footlight looks like a
lightning storm is going on inside my
microwave things I could smell it yeah
there's my poison you guys who arrested
me like Jo savage here you like this one
got a low moan oh yeah I think we left
it a little too long but that extra
second but that's a bigger bag in where
where's the first bag here okay so how
about the same size we've seen the
ingredients almost feel like bubbles all
over that's trippy okay one more bag no
more little bags guys I want to do one
more finale that's it just the big one
yeah hold you I don't want to lay the
house on fire sir
yeah I'd like that yeah and then you
guys can keep these ones this is
housewarming gifts chips yeah well oh
there you go
party mix house party mix you know how I
tell this do not microwave things like
honestly I can't tell you to do it and I
won't tell you to do it because it is
dangerous I don't know if this is good
for your health for the house I don't
know this could ruin what didn't you do
at your friend's house yeah but I kind
of want to do it like I want to do it
more so I said do not do it but like
kinda want to do you have the honors
this is a big up mag bro this it doesn't
even fit I'm gonna have to like switch
it do on it is this a good idea
I don't know okay three seconds if it
doesn't like something but if this
extraordinary seconds were fuck yeah
hood on a life hold up
holy G beauty okay
oh yeah that's good
oh oh oh my god yo yo that smells like
vomit this was suppose the most like guy
like chips I'm surprised it's not hotter
when you first take it up you know I
mean like oh it's way bigger like not
way bigger but a little bit bigger
that's fucking cool guys that is the
sixth thing I've ever seen in my life
hit that like button and check this out
this what I'll do if you guys to play
money if we can hit 30,000 likes on this
blog I'll microwave this Pepsi crystal
to see what the hell happens with it
because you know what do not microwave
fuck it we're microwaving it I heard
this stuff turns black when you
microwave it but we can test it out so
hit that like button and I will try it
on my next log cut to Sean for risking
his life with me now you got chips for
life that was cool those ones those are
wack nobody eats those chips so now that
I'm at the boys house I can open up this
team albo present the fan mail from Jay
Thomas 17 50 year old to send this
that's SP point five oh Jesus hi wolf
Savage God and multi junior are Asia is
album chef elbow this is the way around
cool oh yeah let's light up Jim Dandy
Smurfs
you got summers I think up hurry Bo
these are just glue my July beYOU like
okay there's there's stuff for everyone
in here okay
dad's got sang oh yeah I throw that away
who's that big dick gave David throw it
away
that might have been used oh there we go
that's what your boy no it's your boy
you are my favorite auntie it actually
seems it's their whoopee
Thank You Jade we are very appreciative
yeah
you played yourself nice letter Braille
congratulations you are my favorite out
of all team elbow thank you you listen
Jake we gotta talk bro give me a message
like that next time we appreciate it
thank you
so the second package so far has been a
box inside of a box I'm sensing another
prank why do you guys insist on doing
this to me you saw the painting Silvia
was in when I did that prank to her like
months ago why are you gonna put walking
through that pain so this is the best
family I've ever gotten guys I'm tired
of this shit stop bullying guys you guys
know how I had this savage hat that I
literally just bought in LA it's kind of
dirty already but DJ just picked me up
another savage hat from Toronto so I got
to savage hats
I got a Metallica Savage hat and this is
the supreme one yeah geez oh shut up -
my nigga run for the kill me for doing
the mannequin challenge i raid this
friday a green glove so I just dropped
David off and I was headed home but then
Sylvia texted me saying she wants to
grab food she's been filming for the
past little bit and she's really hungry
so I thought why not just go with her
and then bring Wolfie jr. along for the
ride because why not but right now my
back window is absolutely like it's
unclear you can't see shit through it
because of how much snow has fallen
since I got to the boy's house and
honestly when it snows so much in a
certain place like where I'm from Ottawa
comes out of nowhere and it stays it
feels at least like forever so yeah the
first time brushing the snow off your
car is pretty fun I'm not gonna lie it's
a little bit satisfying the second time
okay it's alright third time math 556
time it's like okay I'm just getting
over this but when you've gone through
it probably thousands and thousands of
times just don't want to wait the snow
of your car so you just leave it on the
windows until you find a straightaway or
like the highway somewhere where you can
go really fast and your car is not gonna
spin out of control and you can go to
the speed where the snow just
automatically flies off your car so
right now I have like 20 minutes to kill
I'm gonna try and see how much snow I
can get off my car hopefully at least a
front windshield is like done by the
time Sylvia gets picked up back
windshield that might be a bush I don't
think I'm gonna hit that yet cuz I'm not
going on any highways the heat is on
literally the maximum level right now
turn it up to the max it's blasting in
the car
you could barely hear me but it was
either this or go to the frickin carwash
and I'm not gonna pay ten bucks just to
get the snow off but this is the old
school manual old fashioned way to get
the snow off your car when you're lazy
like me okay so I've been driving for
about ten minutes and this is what my
car still looks like absolutely just
just nothing just just absolutely
nothing there's so much snow I didn't
make any progress so I thought why not
just bump some fire music if I need to
heat up the car and the car heat is not
doing enough manually why not just play
some fire you bear me crying drop
smoking no hooking up with your boss Wow
I think it's sad I guess I'm going
pretty fast I played some fire music
nothing's happening the back is
absolutely still covered so I might just
have to let it off at this point I tried
my best okay I tried my best but
sometimes in life inspiration or wolfy
trying your best okay trying your best
can only best from the best best ok
blessed it's gotta take that shit to
heart you know what I mean guy that's
gonna blow I'm taking me out it's not in
the trunk I got to do with my arm I hate
my life how did I lose it like I had
literally don't know where I would put
other than my trunk I don't even have my
brush so I just had to do with my arm
this guy who's shoveling the road is
looking at me like I'm an idiot I should
have just bought a brush from him I
flopped Sylvia who are you shouting out
today
Kelsie where are you shouting out Kelsie
she's active AF unaired quitter you hear
that Kelsie shut up to you you're active
AF on my Twitter so you get recognition
it's the way it works on my channel if
someone shows me love with my social
media I gotta show them love back in the
vlogs so shout out to Kelsie today I
love you both he loves you Sylvia loves
you
well if he loves you he likes it you
spit me okay guys so it's ladies huh but
check this out I just put away all of my
luggage so now my closet is absolutely
decked out in new clothes clothes on
clothes our clothes on clothes and I
feel so much more clean just from
putting all that stuff away now my mind
can start fresh tomorrow but I'm gonna
end the vlog off now because I have to
go to the camera store early with Sylvia
in the morning she wants to ask all
these questions about all these supplies
that she's looking into buying I'm gonna
go with her because I know a little bit
more than she does so I got in the vlog
off there I hope you guys enjoyed if you
did do not forget
and smash that like button right now you
guys another deal 25,000 likes let's hit
it right now if you haven't hit it
already you playing yourself ghost - le
button also I want you guys to comment
down below check out my new swag just
comment down below check out my new swag
because you know and check out my this
way like I got a bunch in here it's
actually Cod nice I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more Sam's on my main channel
and as always stay savage Lego
