good morning yo what's good - boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy today we have
another exciting vlog for you guys I
hope you guys are already having an
amazing day if not don't worry your boy
wolf is gonna make it better for you
because my blogs are always lit a f
wolfy good morning what are you saying
okay cool smash the like button if you
haven't already today we are going to
smash the like button with something
different let's use your forearm okay
I'm gonna give you guys five seconds to
smash the like button with your forearm
that's it thirty five thousand likes
five four three two one
boom did you hit it okay let's get the
day started
god damn the two million balloons are
still inflated I swear to God
helium balloons never inflate we're
gonna see how long these things aren't
slated for who knows when we go to LA
they could still be inflated or we might
just do a helium challenge but today I
think we're gonna start the day off with
some ice skating no hockey oh now you're
gonna do it because the cameras on you
didn't want to do it before this snake
no we traded hoverboards I got black you
get wait no not now we're trading guys
literally look at this there's I know he
had a lake but we got a freaking hockey
rink in the backyard these people the
neighbors actually cleared it out and
put a net on each side look over back
look over the back
I have not skated in like two years I
used to skate a lot usually razor skates
or you got a baby skates are you there
you know Sylvia can you check if the
stores are open actually today yo yo yo
yo yo I actually need to buy skates yeah
yo okay I think we're gonna go to the
skate shop or that sounds like a
skateboard shop I need to buy new skates
because my feet have outgrown my skates
cuz I have not gone skating in that long
but then we're gonna go skating on this
rink so we actually have to do that
quick and then I think the plan is we're
gonna go out to dinner tonight quickly
though before we start the day actually
I have to announce the two I phone X
giveaway winners hold on let me
hoverboard to my to my station here so a
lot of you guys entered the giveaway do
not worry I have to say this every
single time I do a giveaway this is not
give away I'm gonna do so if you didn't
win this time don't worry I always do a
follows brief and I always DM a lot of
people to make up for it because I can't
let all the wolf am down but in this
specific case oh my god I can't stay on
the hoverboard I got to get off the two
winners are drumroll please
Brenda albor from Portland in the United
States and the reason Brenda won is
because she followed me on snapchat so
shout out to you Brenda you got yourself
an iPhone X check your email the email
that you use to sign up for the giveaway
I will be emailing you you have like two
days to respond to me if not I'm gonna
have to pick another wolf em
unfortunately there actually has been
some people that curved me no DMS in the
past for giveaways so you guys played
yourself you didn't win the iPhone so
Brenda check your email you want an
iPhone X and the next person is drumroll
Ridley tibbe more Ridley Tidmore you're
from Santa Fe okay so check your email
you won by following wolfy on Instagram
which is my Instagram if you haven't see
why it's okay I'm guy go like the pic ,
fire mo did you guys know the deal for B
I'm gonna fall back you already know so
congratulations to you guys thank you so
much for entering the giveaway I hope
you like your new iPhone X let's go get
these skates we have arrived at the tire
of Canadians the Canadian of the tires
we gotta get skate zero hockey stick
yeah okay oh yeah like in Kitchener here
okay so I'm gonna buy a hockey stick for
me I almost slipped I'm gonna buy skates
I might get dude are you good at hockey
okay so we gotta bite pucks skates
sticks let's do it
there's a lot of stuff in here you say
150 9 bucks breath breath euro
okay guys so we're in V well I am I so
zoomed in oh my god got goalie sticks we
got regular sticks and the rule with a
hockey stick you know the rule of a
hockey stick it has to be like to your
nose when your skates are on so if your
skates are on you'll be like a little
bit like that might be a little too big
for you
which one did you grab this green one
let me see honestly though that's not a
bad size but it doesn't have a top you
gotta grab a top for you this one
because this one has a top runner those
two don't grab this one oh my god
we're balling out that's 40 bucks bro
now I gotta get me a stick because me
Adam are going one-on-one I don't know
anything about sticks like I don't
really need anything serious wait do you
shoot that way which way do you shoot
okay we gotta hit you another stick you
have the wrong way stick these are all
right shooting sticks where's the left
shooting sticks all these are all left
yeah yeah these are all left
okay so here's here's a better one
better for you put it up nose okay
that's good for you little bigger see
any more I know okay grab this one and
this one's way lighter - this one's
sweet yeah that one's way way better
better than this wooden stick one foot
this way this one is my favorite price
69 o'clock I swear nothing is tall
enough for me
I need a custom stick but for now I
swear this'll oh oh I'm gonna grab this
one spending too much on the stick but
we got do what we gotta do for the tube
this is up to my nose I'm playing myself
yeah we're gonna grab this next we need
skates okay guys so I got a stick some
tape for grabbing pucks I got my skates
this has been the quickest Canadian Tire
trip ever and just to be extra I might
grab some actual hockey water bottles
haha your Adam should we grab me yeah oh
I shouldn't arrest Adam okay I've got
one this guy's I have stressed the guy
just took my skis to sharpen them in the
back room when he asked me he's like
just so I can get a better idea on like
how to sharpen them are you playing
offense defense are just casual skating
I told him I play like often
and I'm like trying out for the Mighty
Ducks next week so lovely looks about
you know what I mean like is trying to
go fast so we picked up everything now
Adam you ready to go skating okay Adams
not ready to go skating but it's
actually picked up house no it is it's
mad snowy outside and you're ready now
good and the darkness is coming guys
it's hitting that time where it starts
to get dark early in Canada which is
kind of unfortunate not even Canada in
the world but with the snow it's like
it's bad guys look at this look at what
I'm looking at right now I'm not digging
this but nothing is gonna stop me from
going skating I bought all the stuff
your boy is going skating so let's get
your old fully ready guys I literally
put tape on my stick for a grip because
I'm trying to want to be one Adam he's
been trying to get to the rink for 30
minutes still isn't there my skates are
on we got to go get Adam out of the snow
Adam I'm coming he not just stuck in the
snow I'm coming all right guys so we
underestimated the rink a bit it's very
very bumpy
you can barely skate on it like it's
very very very bumpy but me and out am I
gonna get some practice in are you good
we got the puck out here you got Nets
okay let me set this up let's get some
practice in let's go
hey guys hey I'm just freezing out here
be the rink is so bumpy literally like
it's unscalable bumpy like unstable
bumpy make sure I go to an actual ring
we're gonna do a challenge where I don't
shoot three on me
five four five deer monster your mom
sold up guys I promise you I'm actually
a really good skater like I can do
everything I can I can go backwards I
can do bachelors crossover I can do
everything backwards crossovers I can
obviously stop whatever you want me to
do I can do I just wish the rink wasn't
screwing me out I wish I wasn't wearing
these ghetto gloves see if you can get
me doing a chick game on Adams Toronto
I'm Ottawa this camera angle is old it's
through the net guys guys I do not
there's a Fox right here full-blown Fox
this is a real Fox wolf them run away if
your wolf in come here come here
no no no Adam it's a fox what are the
chances we're not gonna do any harm
we're not gonna do any harm Fox I wish
you're a wolf he's so cute
you're Adam don't go any closer don't go
any closer stay away stay away you guys
look at this legit Fox oh my god no way
come here wolf em run away if your wolf
am wolfy rom-com by the merger I'm going
towards the Fox how close can I get to
it oh it's runnin it's cotton come here
come here baby
Adam chill chill chill chill let me
handle this I sleep wolf come here
oh my god he's fast we are finally
inside after a long skating session
where we almost got eaten alive you're
nothing he is that even know what yes
I let him win euro is a really good game
item and off gaining and that is with
hot chocolate we got our hot cocoa no
marshmallows but it's still delicious
and can't be eaten the whole bag
I don't can't be anything and then we
got our fuzzy peaches right here and
we're going out for dinner tonight
are you ready for that and yeah I'm
gonna shower and then we're gonna go but
before we go I have two things I want to
test out on the blog you guys know I
love my gadgets and I've been holding
this off for time just because I forgot
I had it's a fidget pen kind of like a
fidget cube not a fidget spinner it's
for people with like ADHD and stuff
people that can't concentrate
apparently visiting with these little
things on it allows you to focus better
and stuff like that so I'm gonna test
that out also we have Adam's favorite
movie here out of this your favorite
movie right minions do you know what
bean boozled is the jelly bean game you
did it on Sylvia's channel a long time
ago was on your channel yeah okay he did
it on his channel but this is minions
version and this has a special flavor in
this one and the flavor of the day is
either sour apple which is the green one
or minion fart ready to eat the minion
part Samba shower change up I'll see you
guys in a second oh my god it's great I
will see you guys in a sec shower is
done swag is on places and faces and it
takes a little pigs tonight we are about
to go get dinner but just before we're
about to go get dinner Adam we got to
play the game no not in there for
because that's it in there for
a bean boozled and my dad and my mom are
here because they're coming out to
dinner but they're about to prank me no
this is eating some all right they're
gonna feed me something I can already
see in my mom's face she's standing back
because she knows I can hate yeah she
also lays black licorice
here we go all right so now we are at
Charlies place Silvia Guinea little
brother there he is
so anyway we've tasted it we loved it so
now we're going to get Charles to taste
this and it's not because people say
Charles you know used to bench three
plates and I waste three place that's
not it we just want to get him to try it
okay so we got the game up as you guys
can see the flavors are simple boiled
milk or coconut dead fish or strawberry
banana smoothie berry blue or toothpaste
canned dog food or chocolate pudding
pencil shavings or banana never seen
that one minion fighter sour apple tutti
frutti or stinky socks booger or juicy
pear barf repeats rotten egg or buttered
popcorn run next sucks a spoiled milk
bernardi's of that here you go so
basically there's no for this mini
version we got our waters right here
okay we say we do you like toothpaste
yeah is easy blues easy cuz it's like
both of them I get it that's berry blue
tooth paste so that's kind of cheating
yeah I see we put them out right here
and then there's no literally not one
blue fell on the table I think it's just
a sign that they don't want us to you a
came to your blue in the package I'll
dump it all out there's literally one
blue one blue hold on so the toothpaste
or berry blue go ahead babe well I was
there one blue in this little package
what was it what's white oh coconut or
rotten egg Wow I swear this is like a
setup
jo I'm gonna do either minion fart or
sour apple which is the green because
there's literally only two of them which
one do you want you can smell it all you
want but this looks like it helps okay
so no you didn't at the same time I
think I got sour a sour apple what is
that one sour apple is it wow we both
lost our apple
not many infer okay hold on grab one of
these ones
this is gonna be pencil shavings or bad
man that this one honestly looks like a
rotten banana I'll pick the one of those
laying around a minute okay three two
one go
oh my god what did you yeah boy I never
knew what pencil shavings tasted leg
until this moment how do you get that
flavor that's all - I see you got a
pencil shavings tastes like banana but
kind of rotten means so it's like our
old banana okay which color do you want
to do next without looking at any of
these flavors on the back pick one of
these ones I like buttered popcorn so
take this rotten egg rotten egg is
literally one of the worst ones you can
get go
I got buy popcorn what what did you get
does that rod night you got to eat it it
might be popcorn yes
how are you spitting up the good ones
you like it okay fine it doesn't taste
like buttered popcorn it tastes like
rotten butter passports
this guy's spitting on the good rounds
I'm stressed kayo will do two more you
change the colors I've lost one so far
dead fish it's dry ravenous movie oh
it's pretty good shop weddings or candid
dog not that one I hate the dog food one
you know what boil milk or coconut yes I
came up every whatever you do you have
to chew this one fully on so I would go
if you got coconut ups just what do you
mean hmm sorry cookie you didn't get it
oh you got it as well he's spitting it
out again snake you got to drink that
away thank God finally I'm not the only
one suffering okay well do one more
round
you're done okay which one do you want
me to do I'll do one more round pick a
color nah brown on food and the puddings
bunny was good oh okay here we go this
one seems like it anyways guys now we're
moving on to the fidget pen experiment
as you guys can see this is what we can
do with it you can click it switch it
turn it wiggle it spin it slide it
optimal concentration tool I feel like
these are the clicks this right here is
that oh this is very satisfying guys
turning things on and off is
surprisingly satisfying Oh take it away
from me all right Adam which one are you
gonna do kind of boring already what's
the top the wiggle thing all the tops
kind of satisfying to play with does
that actually work as a pen or did you
click it in is it a pen on the bottom
yep let me see can I draw let's see if
you can draw so it it's not drawing guys
nothing on here is this supposed to
actually work the pen works the pen does
draw surprisingly and it clicks in but
you can still flick the top and move it
around this thing I mean it's kind of
fun to play with
honestly this is over I'm not I might do
that bean boozled challenge this is I
didn't want to do it
and it was like a path thing like this
bag there was so much things and they
didn't want do it so bad so I just
grabbed them all this is old and they
were all the good one
no way yeah they were all the good one
no wait so you got like buttered popcorn
pudding yeah everything yeah all right
well here is your present you can have
the fidget pen
guys I thought it was gonna be a lot
cooler than it actually was turns out it
was not cool well so don't buy the
fidgets pen you know this song okay this
is gonna be a reaction to the music
video pause it at any time if you don't
know what the line means and I'll
explain the way don't you think it was
dumb I don't you think it was stupid
that they could get this guy make the
track wrong safe can you give a nigga
back it slow you a big bit you know like
reaction channels that react to videos
yeah
their reaction show they're like one of
the best reactions I was sharing about
okay you a big bitch you don't know risk
Oh No he's the greatest of all time
that's my boy he's a rapper check the
statistics like you do it's camp
probably stay in this house all winter
you are many many many many mr. mr. Chad
with a change up on me
okay yeah you don't fit in you don't fit
in with the statistics my club and yours
did you check the statistics statistics
no three kids get four for 12 this is
just trash talking that's not actually
part of the song so do you know do you
remember what Klout means okay where you
say my clothes higher than yours oh yeah
I'm more popular yes means you got more
popularity how do you know popularity
means really yeah alright guys so you
just finished it's yeah to check the
statistics no no was it no I was yeah
because you just finished so don't you
worry whatever we just finished kids we
actually check the statistics turns out
kids don't know half lyrics so we might
need to do a definition version coming
up soon anyways and it's full roots
tracksuits whoa guys break in my house
we are about to go get dinner let's go
get dinner what sugar rush and then
we're gonna go eat dinner dinner with
the family I'm doing Ric tuna tacos this
is a mom meeting over here and Adams on
his game as always meet the moms and I
ordered wings because I'm on a diet
guys I love my wings you know I've been
eating wings silly I'm on a diet tell it
tell it I love all that tender meat
delicious oh that's a lot of food I
think about to fall into a food coma for
the rest of the night I just ate so much
food I don't want to talk about food for
the next week so I'm gonna end the blog
off there if you see stuff right here
here here here here it's cuz I put on
some pimple cream I'm getting pimples
for some reason I don't know what it is
also I got my do-rag on cuz I'm cool my
hair for the night and I'm not porcupine
wolf you'll see porcupine Wolfie in the
morning but if you enjoyed the vlog they
shouldn't go down and smash that like
button for another blog yeah here we're
not missing days guys where we're
popping them we're popping the vlogs out
like babies let's hit thirty five
thousand likes on this vlog because we
are continuing the street comment down
below if you made it to the very end of
the vlog porcupine gang cuz I got the
porcupine head top and I'll see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little more so as always caught the
birds Wolfie Oshkosh they shouted Oh
