good morning eh oh it's good to see boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy if you
guys haven't realized by now well you
can't really see out the car but we are
in Ottawa we're back I got my dog now we
are taking him to the grooming salon
because his hair is wild my mom took
care of him but she did not brush his
hair anything like that while we were
gone so he's just really scruffy as hell
right now so we're taking him to get a
haircut his nails are way too long we're
doing that as well and then we're going
to the mall because Sylvia is gonna pick
up a new laptop this girl has had her
macbook air for the longest time and
she's been editing on it it's the very
first macbook air that they made it's a
piece of it's literally not an
editing it's meant for Microsoft we're
just writing documents that's it not
videos so we're gonna finally get her a
laptop but yeah I just wanted to fill
you guys in on yesterday yesterday was
my flight home basically we flew from LA
to Calgary which is like a straight up
flight and then Calgary to Ottawa which
is like a couple hour flight I think
it's like four hours moving eastward
direction not go to my directions but
yeah it's move it to the right east
whatever when we call it east and we had
a terrible experience flying it was not
a good time at all silvia.vlad all of it
I have logged absolutely none of it so
if you guys want to see the vlog we'll
be on her channel but basically what
happened is we took a flight and we went
from like I said LA to Calgary that
flight was fine and then the one from
Calgary to Ottawa was not fine because
we basically got to Ottawa started doing
loop-de-loops and then the guys like
Addis too much fog in Ottawa we got to
go to Toronto so we went to Toronto and
then right as we landed in Toronto the
guys like ah you know what the
might have cleared up so we can go back
to Ottawa we went back to Ottawa and
then he's like I'll know the still
not gone so we went back to Toronto
again everyone's pissed off at the pilot
at this point even though nobody knows
if the pilot makes the final decision of
whether to land or not obviously we
don't want him to land if it's not safe
to land but it kind of annoyed me that
we went back to Ottawa just to go back
to Toronto like twice and then after all
that they said they were gonna book us
on flights but that kind of fell through
because Shaun want to go check up on
them and they said we would all be
receiving emails in like 45 minutes so
everyone was kicking it in the airport
it's like 4:00 in the morning at this
point we're supposed to be home at like
12:40 at night anyways yeah Sean goes to
the girl and he asks her he's like
nobody's got an email like what's the
deal she's like oh well you guys just
need to keep waiting keep waiting you
know
we wait another hour everyone's kicked
back in the airport at this time the
stores just open like the food stores we
still haven't got an email at this point
and jabs like you know what I'm just
gonna walk up and ask the girl what the
deal is because it's been another hour
maybe something's changed so jad walks
back up to the girl at this gate that
we're waiting at and there is literally
a line of like 30 people waiting booking
their flights like manually so nobody
got an email apparently and now it's
working on like a first-come
first-served basis so we were supposed
to fly out at 7 a.m. that was the
earliest flight they were supposed to
rebook us on we didn't fly out at 7:00
because guess what 7 o'clock was
overbooked already 8 o'clock flight oh
my god that was overbooked already to 9
o'clock flight we just got on the 9
o'clock plane so we were supposed to be
home at 12:40 6 there's 12:40 and ended
up getting home at like 11:00 a.m. and
all we were offered was a $10 food
voucher that's that's what Air Canada
wanted to do I said honestly I'm not
that impressed right now I just bit my
tongue to be honest I want like first
class first business class flights for
the rest of my life like I'm King Wolfie
put some respect on my name you
guys know how to reach me
but actually you might not know to reach
because I never got an email from
anybody but find out how to reach me
email me and I want first-class flights
for the rest of my life that was a huge
ramp but look at Wolfie junior coming to
get his hair cut oh my god so guys now
we're killing time because apparently we
booked a spot for tomorrow for Wolfie
Junya I don't know I definitely said on
the phone do you have any spots for
today which was yesterday they said
didn't have any time open but the girl
working there now is like I had all
yesterday open so he could have brought
him yesterday which would have been way
easier on both of us but I asked about
that and they're like no no so I was
like hey any spots tomorrow they're like
at 12:30 so here we are 12:30 this might
be a flop and we might have to bring him
in tomorrow but honestly both probably
don't have too much time tomorrow so you
might stay scruffy for your life Wolfie
and we're upgrading him from his little
bulls
we got him these ones there were way too
soon he needs big ones man easy drinks
like a friggin horse as he's shaking
he's nervous he knows where we are never
mind guys we just got him in the girls
showed up that was supposed to be sick
for the last week and she hooked him up
she's gonna be cutting his hair for the
next like two to three hours or
something I think they put him in a cage
or something I don't know what they do
they better not hurt my baby yeah they
got a lot of dogs in there so hopefully
they treat Wolfie like a god I just said
treat him whatever get him everything
the bestop hey let's get it that's what
I said
they're like okay
so guys I ended up copping two of these
because I lost them before now so we got
her MacBook she got like the most effect
that one we weren't planning on getting
the newest one but they had it available
they were getting rid of all the old
ones because Apple wants you to buy the
newest product obviously check this
MacBook out now Silvia is ahead of you
and now we're going to get an SD card
reader because with the new MacBook and
everything you need all these like as KC
nice I would say dongles are adapters to
read your SD card your USB it's a little
bit of a process but next year hopefully
everything will be USB C but we have to
rush because wolfies at the friggin
hairdresser barber barber person groomer
we gotta get a piece out we're going to
the source guys this is what the malls
in Ottawa consists of even though we
upgraded I mean this is just like a
little segment I'm not doing it justice
but going from Elliott of this it's a
little chilly outside like I'm actually
kind of cold I'm not happy about this
I'm not happy about this
 I could use a haircut oh god damn
alright that's much better
Oh Joan this here wow look at that hair
guys look at this cut look at that you
hooked it up he was using the little
blade like serious of it took a long
time made when you know it's serious
yeah he did a good job nice feed cuz he
knew I was watching him that stings yeah
got a little bit of a cut on the back
time to pick up the dope let's go get
your puppy back at Petsmart time to rate
wolfies haircut out of ten I think they
probably did a 5 out of 10
his last time they didn't do as much as
we thought this time we paid for a full
haircut instead of a puppy trim so time
to c1 Wolfie show yourself to the camera
wow you're so fluffy now buddy I was
like coconuts guy was shook coming out
but he's nice now he's already calmed
down I give them an 8 out of 10 your
face you still have a little bit of a
beard Wolfie I'm so old now new trim his
beard but other than that he looks
fresher I got unboxed porn for a lot of
you people unboxing the new MacBook
15-inch with the touch bar on it so here
we go so these got it
Apple products always have that sleek
yay um get in here I told Charles that's
like when you blow out another person's
birthday candles this is what is what is
this called the plastic wrap yeah do you
know what it's called and you peel it
peel porn
poor girl alright I guess you guys a
good view oh my god that was crazy
that was crazy that was crazy it's so
thin they made it like geez alright
let's see if we can drop it off the
ceiling see if we can drop it up too
soon here get away I just want to drop
it off the building does an iPhone
something hit that not Italian an iPhone
is a MacBook protected from a puppy off
a hundred foot drop is tired can you
protect a MacBook from 100-foot drop all
right
we bought the dongles the extra dongles
right here Danzo number one dongle
number two because this thing only has
these little ports you Wow and this
makes noise apparently it does well
that's loud as hell the touchpad is huge
ritesh bad is absolutely massive oh
oh god damn this look at the difference
between those in here yeah mine's a
bitch compared to this but how much
space do you need to relate yeah there's
like a seven millimeter between us yeah
they literally packed as much pad as
they could to this compared to that this
is the best time but it takes like
usually a day or two for me to fully set
up like a new computer once you get it
as a youtuber you got to put the sound
effects the music organize everything
make the background I switch the
settings around it takes time but once
you do it it's really just it's fun to
do in my opinion so I come back from LA
and this is the weather that I'm
experiencing right now guys snow
everywhere oh my god icicle just went
down my throat oh yeah the weather here
is terrible so guys I'm about to do some
litte ass video so I'm looking for
supplies in Walmart in the lock section
I think I need the basic ass master lock
probably gonna buy a few of them just in
case one doesn't work this says auntie
shim Oh auntie shim I might need one
that the ship should work never do it a
shim was before but now I
kind and this might not work I might
have to go to grammar no we are
literally racing against the clock right
now Walmart closes in like 15 minutes I
waited until last second to get my
supplies so we just dropped wolfy jr.
off at my mom's house one of the
supplies I need I need to print out so
we ran out of ink so Sylvia is like
scurrying through her like saved images
to find what type of print hey it's Zack
this guy I would say hi but we're on a
tight schedule yeah we need to print
something out but Sylvia has the picture
of what type of ink we need to get so we
need to find it in Walmart we don't know
where it is right now I'm going down the
chip aisle hopefully something I need is
down here I snuck under pressure guys I
really do suck under pressure okay
perfect forget so guys we were looking
for F for to10 if you guys are looking
for printer ink this is a life hack it's
on the side of each box it's on the side
of this box you can see F four two one
zero
and you click your printer check your
printer your printer will tell you what
to get so we got the one that has color
and black so we're Gucci now we made it
with time to spare
look how these did this bat is I'm gonna
do some damage with this bat get ready
for an upcoming challenge cuz your boy
hopefully I don't break something
there's a Louisville Slugger
Louisville Slugger Louie Slugger with
the hit knock about the pop then I'm
knocking down your big right will feed a
ways I got my bat Here I am ready to
film a video not tomorrow and then I'm
gonna film it the next day the day after
tomorrow no movie but for now I'm gonna
open some fan mail look at this giant
bag guys the other day I picked up from
fan mail and we got a bunch here so
hopefully hopefully some of it is for me
this one said this to me I don't know
what this could be but some of it is
probably for albo is this box for me to
open the boxes first Wolfie this is for
me blast I put that there and what is
this big package - Alba oh geez can't
open this because this growl bow gotta
bring it to the house tamo open these
two first okay so what is in this box
might be x-rated so I'm not gonna show
it on camera but I'm just gonna read out
the piece of paper that came with it so
it says dear sir/madam
you're probably wondering what to do
with this fine piece of cardboard you're
probably fondling right now maybe
suggest holding it close to your ample
okay I'm not gonna read the rest but
apparently this is like a cardboard
penis or something that says ship a dick
I don't know who the hell sent me this
you're a snake does it have a name
Hugh Johnson Hugh Johnson huh I don't
know if I believe that if you Chuck's it
it's a crown for King Wolfie made of
penises what this is the bottom of it
this is all I can show you guys I can't
show you more than that but thank you
for this I guess I'll wear something I
don't know and why is there so many
stickers with this package like
did you ask for extra stickers before
you sent it out to me oh gee next so
this next package is coming from t-ara
and it says it's from Ottawa so this is
actually from Ottawa talking to the
local supporters you guys are the
 best
is this a wolf blanket guys we got
another blanket to the collection with a
howling wolf and this thing is comfier
than the one I bought at Costco so I'm
about to use this one actually I'm going
to give this one to Wolfie junior Wolfie
you want a new blanket here take this
sleep on this for now anyway they're
gonna be sleeping let's see if he likes
it all right guys he loves it he's
already passing out in his new wolf
blanket Hot Tamales we got the candy you
already know I love my candy
we got the Wolfie collage look at this
this is my favorite pic my old Twitter
pic gives me life and then we got the
one with the two cats are you my
backyard because I really dig you from
tiara and Ella we love you so much never
stop doing what you're doing thank you
very much Anne everybody go follow TR on
Twitter at taco nacala I think I'll say
you say taco de Cali go follow ok Wolfie
jr. is absolutely gonna destroy this so
that's his new toy Wolfie got a new toy
for you - here you go cuddle here cuddle
are you sleeping with it guys I can't
believe what I just got in the mail
I just got 10 bucks ok Tara's 10 years
old and I'm getting sent ten dollars it
you guys can't even give me a text box
this is a lot of money when you're
freaking 10 okay I would know I'm 9 and
it's a lot of money to me thank you so
much I don't need this ten dollars okay
guys please do not send me money I do
not want your money any mail you send me
is good enough so thank you so much now
I gotta find you because I know you live
in Ottawa
to give you that $10 I'm gonna give you
$11 back and you got me the dog costume
oh my god so I found these gumballs in
my room earlier I ordered them like a
month ago and I completely forgot that I
had them but I thought why not just try
them you know it's late at night I ran
out of energy drink so this gumball is
as hot as the package says it is then
this should be able to keep me up
because you know Wolfie unions kickin it
he still awake Sylvia's putting away
clothes and whatnot but these are
supposed to be like one of the world's
hottest gumballs I just opened up the
package and I can already smell them
like my nose is kind of already on fire
they're called ghost pepper gumballs oh
my god my nose is burning God yeah and
it specifically says on the package not
to rub your eyes because it could cause
skin and eye irritation oh my god so
let's do it guys let's let's try this
gum ball out I am NOT a big fan of space
I don't do too well with space but
hopefully gum balls do not go bad
because I have these in my closet for
way too long yeah I just lick it first
my tongues already on fire I just like
the gum ball my tongue is on fire oh my
god that's hot okay okay I'm definitely
hot
moving still in oh my god that's how bad
 I just
I hate spice you can definitely taste
that it is a gumbo but there's
definitely some spice to it
learn to sweat guys do not eat these
gumballs my nose is on fire it's getting
worse
I was like you it's annoying cuz I can
taste the goodness of the gumball I love
gum I always chew gum but to drink your
water with you buddy
almost have only a good flavor left why
let's just hot his help but I'm not
gonna lie those peppers I bought out in
the store for like my two mill three my
can't even speak right now but
celebrations they were hot but this is
hot don't put yourself through this
torture guys I don't know why I do this
never is tired never is tired
Jesus buddy I can always play with the
wolf please standing on two legs
holy boom-boom boom-boom-boom
guys completely destroyed the nose of
the wolf because he's bit it so many
times he saying that plain right
absolutely screwed up my sleep schedule
it is 4:00 in the morning why am i awake
right now I don't know if he's awake
Sylvia's awake we're all awake it's 4:00
in the morning usually Sylvia doesn't
even stay up past like one it's usually
me awake for like the last couple hours
of the night but we're both awake
anyways guys I'm gonna end the vlog off
there because I need to get my sleeping
schedule back on track and there's no
it's gonna be back on track if I stay up
any later than now so I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did make sure to
go down and smash that leg but you guys
already know what it is twenty five
thousand lights wolf ham let's get it if
you haven't hit the like button go smash
it already also shout out to who shout
out to Fletcher I see you on Instagram
straight flexin so thank you so much for
all the likes for all the comments
you're the man
lastly I want you guys to comment
something down below so I know you made
it with me until four in the morning
even though it's probably not 4:00 in
the morning where you guys are from if
you are you're savage so comment
down below late night game that's it
comment late night gang and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more starters in my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
