good morning AOS Kotecha werewolf
welcome back to more Wolfie I've been
editing all morning but we are going on
a hike we're going to Runyon Canyon
right now we've been trying to go for
like the past couple days we'll just
have another time run around front okay
haven't had time to do that so this is
the last day that we're here mine is
well bang it out now still have to go
get a giant luggage bag because I bought
so much stuff that I honestly do not
have space in my one bag to bring
everything back home so if we get to the
store and it's too late to buy that bag
your boy is a flop and I have to leave
my clothes here or I just have to put
them in a garbage bag and then hope that
the airport lets me just take it through
customs so I don't know
hopefully they check it by a box and
just ship it to our address is very
smart buy a box and ship it to our
address that's a that's cheating the
system I like that
anyways here's our uber right here we're
getting na looks like a nice lady she
couldn't find our place but she finally
found us off to Runyon can't engine so
guys it says we're gonna be at the place
by 248 we've been in the car for like
six hours so far wait longer than Bongo
said that we're gonna take these like
that's just around the corner but it's
all good the views are really nice and
our drivers lit as hell so I'll let you
guys know forever have they're alive so
we're pulling up to Runyon Canyon ish
area right now in the houses and the
Range Rover all the cars are disgusting
all the houses is dusty now all the
hills right we're on the hills yes and
look at the hill up there guys
oh my god oh my oh these houses are so
nice we're in the rich oz neighborhood
radio so we're lost guys right now and
we're going downhill we're going uphill
for the longest time going back downhill
but we're not gonna stop until we find
Runyon Canyon I think we just hiked it
to be honest we'll see what's good is
this hill it really exposed is that Hill
running like right beside it how it
works its exclusive in the morning we
found it guys
you found it not there that's the
biggest else who ever seen we are right
here no not left Runyon Canyon I don't
know how we're gonna climb any higher
because we've already been up the
biggest hill in the world as you guys
can see we just arrived at Runyon Canyon
Park city of Los Angeles Recreation and
Parks Department welcomes you Squad is
rolling a Powell I shot it to her for
driving us all the way here even though
we didn't know where we're going I'll
let you guys know how hard of a hike
this is and start walking the views are
just beginning guys we're literally
around the first corner and the views
I'm already out of breath and the views
are crazy already that is the goal when
I'm older guys house in the hills oh my
god is beautiful that's my dream house
right there 345 meters Jesus Christ
ready gang I'll meet you guys at the top
take your time everyone let me cheer the
top I'm not nervous I'll meet you I'll
meet you ha fans man he's fans the squad
is going slow as hell tricking Bongo is
that dad I can't even tell sunglasses on
yeah ballers only slow think right there
this is naked knows how long yeah you're
a snake you're me how much I'd have to
pay you to jump off this hill well go
into the tumbleweed would you just dive
you probably die yeah no you win there's
Matt bushes dead bushes you'd be fine
guys imagine everything froze over and
then tobogganing down this hill like
honestly you got any of these cells
actually it would be the ultimate
toboggan experience or ski or sloping
freestyle whatever so this is not a good
sign you want to see you guys when
you're here caution rattlesnakes Bongo
just joked about snakes but there is
actual rattlesnakes here I hope this is
like the same sign as like a deer
warning and they're not
but there might be rattlesnakes I think
they're just talking about you I did not
know we were so far from the Hollywood
sign but we can see a clear view hold on
the zoom on this camera is mad slow a
clear view of the Hollywood sign check
that out let's see if we can see anybody
on the hill any trespassing people no I
can't see all right Hollywood sign
and what are you talking about what are
you talking about can Shawn are you
trying to what are you trying to do and
then you guys are gonna freak out and
tell me interaction is that that
actually is she saw bear see how's your
last time so god damn what do you don't
think you're scared asleep I saw the
sign yeah yeah no well no like there
like there's actually a lot of them yeah
sylia stop what do you mean okay so
saying a rattlesnake peep that out huh
that's how you know there is
rattlesnakes yeah let me take a pic of
you that's what I'm saying
that's a nice view here
the thing these are Oh
what yeah he thinks I don't know I'm
dating a youtuber there actually
is a snake this girl knew we were out
together guys I just made that joke no
you did it I'm not gonna let it I'm
still gonna make it happen
cael's take a picture of me like I'm
still waiting for that but guys you're
at the highest point right now looking
down on the city it's beautiful the boys
are setting up their drones gonna get
some dope shots here we go so these
girls just came up to us and they said
there might be a music video going on
over there they said they're looking
over the fence when they were hiking
down the hill and they saw a guy rapping
and dancing assumption like that so what
we might attempt is to fly a drone near
the house to see what the hell is
popping off over there but maybe I can
just see it if I go to the bottom of the
hill let's see good don't break your
ankles guys there's actual cactus on
this hill right now actual sharp ass
cactus and Locke's home watch your step
I think this is the house they were
talking about we don't even need the
drone at this point I'm in I'm in the
location there's a guy standing behind
this tree right here so it's been about
five minutes we just walked up and down
the full hill three times so it was a
great hiking experience I wish it was a
little longer but you know oh wow
another little hiking Runyon Canyon Road
so we were headed to the Grove and then
I spotted at Chipotle and honestly we've
been having mad sit-down meals but I
just went up quick delicious meal that's
all I want and I know Chipotle is
blessed so we're getting Chipotle with
this car you know I need a luggage bag
or I need a friggin big container Jack
do you know where I can get a container
honestly room at the box might be the
container store a relative Yas where's
the news McDonald's row getting me
chicken song not this again Johnny not
this again guys I got a nice readable
steak bowl with my chipotle gang hanging
it's a wrap that's a wrap this is the
best thing in the world it's a wrap or a
better wrap so I just went in the
Chipotle washroom and cleaned up change
my clothes up liquor more swaggy now
because we are at the Grove this is like
a last-second decision but I need to buy
that luggage rag I've been telling you
guys all day could be there could be
there could be there I don't know where
it is
but I'm going to the Apple store for a
sec because I actually have to edit my
video quickly before it drops it's going
live in 40 minutes
all right guys uploaded the video so he
doesn't know if it's a pusher pulled art
it's a hardware store my video is now up
it's good to go in a bit of time I don't
know where Chad and Bongo went though
they're out here yeah so via likes the
romantic singing so we're in a Kmart we
found this invention that brings carts
up why don't we have that where we're
from the luggage is downstairs so now
it's just like a tall person game to see
you can spot it first home supplies
cosmetics we spotted the luggage what is
this a line okay yeah there's a line of
like mad toys I don't know if I'm gonna
get a big one or like a medium I'll
probably get a medium sized one you
think I need a big one all right guys so
we're back at the man Alex's hobbies
house and you're gonna give chichi a
dustman dust bath this is apparently
they can't have regular baths because
they die or some something happens today
okay where's the dust here teaching this
did you like it what oh here's guys go
ahead Glenn oh yeah so chichi likes it
oh yeah what yeah like oh my date is
rules he's gonna look out scratch at the
bottom and then flip this is chilly does
it okay love me she's peachy named Ching
she can spin around
hey what should we look at on schedule
scratch oh my god wiser man again
scratch it's been it's parris scratch
predictable one too predictable guys
never in your life have you seen six
grown men and then to grown females
watch chinchilla bathe in a dust
yo let's go nobody late yo say I have a
blog Gigi alright okay you don't like
come on Pepe yeah I'm taking guppy I
need any of thumbnail jumpy Gump are you
getting at me I found out right now does
he know the poses or no oh give me the
nice thumbnail pose everybody's used as
dog eh mm-hmm yeah yeah what'd you so
alex is trying to kill this puppy I'm
coming
yeah
no copy come back to your dad come here
come here buddy I love you Charlie
uncles every dog is yeah I got a puppy
come here yes screw the vlog camera yes
guys it just ordered frozen yogurt and I
got it here try to post wait say
literally deliver everything in the
states you can order anything and
they'll bring it to you but we got a
great stuff doing family there's no line
all right so we are back home in this
bitch I really have to pack up it's like
12:30 at night right now I'm very very
very tired we just got back from Alex's
not too long ago but all I want to do
right now is go sober so I'm gonna end
the vlog off there because we have to be
up very early in the morning if we want
to catch the flight we can't miss the
flight I don't want to extend my flight
anymore I want to go home I got to see
what's poppin it on off for a bit but
I'll probably be back very very very
soon so my goal was to move to Toronto
but I don't even know if that's gonna
happen anymore I might just get a place
in LA for a bit and just see what's
poppin so I'm gonna end the vlog off
there if you guys enjoyed please do
don't forget to go down and smash that
like button let's hit 25,000 all the
logs have been popping on more wolfy
lately so I know the wolf am is already
gonna kill and get way more than 25,000
likes so go down and smash like button
if you haven't already also I want you
guys to comment something down below so
I know you
to the very end of this lit one so
comment down below
welcome back Wolfie comment welcome back
Wolfie cuz I'm about to go back home
first I'm like two weeks also shout-out
to bone Megan I see you on Twitter
tomorrow I think I'm gonna do an
Instagram shout-out cuz I've been to an
Instagram family up in a while but
anyways again I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel as
always stay savage Lego
