good morning I know what's gonna see
werewolf be welcome back to our Wolfie
I'm starting to vlog off from where I
ended the vlog we're going to high hop
right now guys check this out I wanted
to show you this tree in the backyard of
the boys Mongo says it's a lime mixture
orange lime orange mixture yeah it's
delicious
is it good what the fuck is this it's
actually pretty good cars and yeah so
how does this over exhale gonna fit all
the guys there's a seat in the back on
it's like oh yeah there's an extra seat
uber everywhere I hop into your DMS yeah
get it alright okay so as you guys can
see we're in our own private room
nobody's here
come on sound like your scream test
thank you oh there's no clothes thing
it's just like shut the fuck up
hey I know Jiri okay anyways guys we
ever really good what did you like
reason it takes me like 65 or 7 maybe 73
so bad - um mad people just so yeah bad
people here in a shuttle parking alright
I'll see you guys at blue yo I just got
my food guys look at this sausages bacon
I'm not important bacon sausages ham
Pass browns and eggs that's a lot of
meat for your pain hey yeah where are my
babies they're gonna think I'm don't
worry we're so pitted guys I totally
forgot to vlog me eating this or even to
show you the meal itself because it's so
good it came down I just started going
in right away
he was super
can I get 12 water
so guys this is the damage after the
table is done almost really bloated but
we're done here so now leaving iPod I
have to buy another luggage bag before
we go home because I bought so many
clothes that honestly I only have a
garbage bag to keep it info before we go
I gotta find that somewhere wherever it
is I gotta find it guys so there's cards
outside of I hop and you know I'm the
card fucking throwing master so he ate
all right I hit it
and Sylvia just told me that there is a
turtle racing place across the street
right there
apparently they race Turtles hold on Oh
two men it says home of turtle racing
all right
I'll bet them how many of you guys are
racing in a turtle right now what a
turtle racing a lot
I'm driving a just loss on a turtle
right now and just bet their beams on a
lot of on hit the like button if you
want to see your race turtle some Ninja
Turtles looking at if it's not gambling
it might be gambling no see it's a free
couch guys Ryan it's a free coach bro I
wish you here buddy but this free free
everything around here ok guys so we
just finished filming a video for
Sylvia's channel as you can see this is
what my face looks like after a video
with her there might have been some
pieing and some Mead
boyfriend/girlfriend bonding experience
you know I'm not gonna tell you the
outcome if you want to see the outcome
you got to go to Sylvia's channel I'll
leave it in the description it should be
out by the time this vlog is out like
it's probably gonna be out but yeah
she's paying herself off too and now I
gotta edit a bit cuz I'm trying to drop
bangers on the main channel and daily
vlog ok I've been slacking on the daily
vlogs but as soon as I get back to
Ottawa the daily vlogs are gonna be back
in full effect
I even got shit on my leg so yeah it's a
banger ok so I'm about to blow your guys
minds basically like a couple of logs go
or not a couple of walk maybe like 10 or
20 blocks ago I did a test to see if I
was color blind and then recently I saw
a video which by the way I'm not
colorblind I almost failed the test but
I passed the test with flying colors but
if I don't know if that's fucking Giada
anyways guys I saw this video on my
recommended page it was like how to make
yourself colorblind basically it was
like a trick to see how colorblind
people see so basically I haven't tried
it yet but I'm gonna get Bongo to try it
with me it could be dangerous I could
damage my eyes but I don't really
characters I'm a savage and I'll leave a
link to the guy's video who I saw
because obviously I didn't invent this
this guy found out and I don't know if
he found out about it like firsthand
just by putting his phone up to his eye
but shout out to him I will put his link
in the description anyways here's what
you do
you need to close both of your eyes this
isn't a troll this is a natural first of
all for any colorblind so are you
actually kind of okay did he fuck you
colorblind yeah okay so you have to
close to both of your eyes like as hard
as possible okay I promise you it's not
a truck yeah I literally promise you
okay I haven't done it yet though so
close both your eyes as hard as possible
like squeeze them okay okay now you need
like some sort of flashlight or
something I'll use my phone okay and I'm
going to turn the flashlight on
basically Kay the lights on hold it over
one of your eyes for like 30 seconds to
a minute a little closer like honestly I
don't know if it hurts if it starts to
hurt pull it off obviously but I don't
know with the pleasure okay turn the
light on open your eyes it's uh okay
okay it's on and just leave it in front
of your eye for like 30 seconds to a
minute that's all you got to do so now
we're just gonna wait it out and then
when he takes the flashlight off his eye
apparently he's gonna see very trippy
like a lot of people said in the
comments of the video that I watched
that they were seeing like shades of
blue over everything it didn't really
make them colorblind but after you hold
it for like 30 seconds to a minute don't
open your eyes yet I'll tell you when to
open your eyes okay so it's been around
40 seconds now don't open your eyes here
I'll take the phone keep them closed now
cover both your eyes know with different
hands oh no no different as quick now
uncover the regular eye that you didn't
shine it in to see regular now look
so you see ya okay now cover that one
now
does it have a change not at all it did
did it actually yeah what is it what
does it look like everything just gonna
got like saturated saturated is very
cool it went cool not warm this is like
warm yeah this was cool still cool yeah
Jesus serious yeah holy fuck okay guys
it works so apparently that's gonna last
for like one to five minutes if you
don't get regular eyesight in five
minutes
you need to call a doctor no here I'm
not gonna try this hello
okay fuck it oh that's right as hell but
I'm really holding it on my eye yeah
okay it's almost been 30 seconds five
more seconds yeah go a little longer
yeah
really 40 seconds okay oh me oh my god
what the face you know what bro
everything's blue tint like it's like so
much more color you like blacks it works
guys so try that out like I said I'll
leave the link in the description but
this is how you can instantly make
yourself colorblind so everyone's been
taking a little bit of an edit break but
DJ wanted to use his drone sean has a
drone as well so I think we're just
gonna go on a bit of a walk explore the
beautiful views and get some dope-ass
drone shots but of course you know right
now all the boys are down the road and
I'm still waiting because girls take
forever Sylvia's been in like the
bathroom for the past hour and a half
she slowly did her makeup she slowly
took her sweet time so I have to wait on
her as the boyfriend so hopefully she
hear he's up so yeah I'm putting my
leggings on I'm cheesy we gotta go this
is what happens when you lean on a
girlfriend I have no clue where the guys
went please tell me they're around this
corner okay thank God they waited a bit
yeah next time don't take seven hours
guys look at these trees these trees are
trying so hard to get ripped out of the
ground like they are fighting to get
ripped out of the ground anyways we are
at the Venice Church of Christ right now
these are setting this up hopefully it
works wolf and let's pray to the gods
that friggin the drone works because
apparently we're near by an airport and
the airport will just not allow the
drone to fly or something it just won't
lift off the ground so if we get far
away from the airport I don't know where
Sylvia is running hopefully the drone
will take liftoff and then we can fly
and get some dope shots dope chokes no
chance so we weren't in the best
location so we're calling an uber and
we're going to go to the beach because
the drones still being like
a little finicky Giggy there's a fire
trucks everywhere
someone's Carmen what's up guys just an
email never mind we're back at Venice
Beach
let's get these drone shots boy guys I
don't know if the cameras doing it
justice but look at the sky right now
beautiful beautiful beach Venice Beach
drone Beach DJ's got his drone let's get
it oh my god yeah the mountains in the
background over there little palm tree
it's so much better than what we got not
all we got Muniz Bay and it's like
probably honestly like this much but the
beaches goes on and the beaches goes on
like it doesn't stop and this is just
Venice Beach when you go down there
Santa Monica down there and then you
just keep going around the bend and it's
like beach beach beach beach beach shot
the drone guys I'm zooming in pulled up
guys hold up let's let's get this
focused again now you can see the drone
look at it in the sky zooming away by
the birds don't hit the bird you'll eat
go down to the beach whoo guys this is
the view of the drone right now
what a beautiful safe hi guys so I'm
about to attempt something that's never
been done before
well this is probably been done a
million times Sylvia do you think I can
hop onto this please don't let's just
hop like nuts now not like run and jump
just a quick 2 foot v8 we just land on
it oh man you think I can do it or not
your ranks flip-flops in the flip-flops
jeez good yeah
wolfram hit that like button you already
know what it is just a quick look
oh I like that control I need grip
thanks for all the support Wolfpack if
you're real deer jump off this wall they
said if I'm a real G I'll jump off the
wall there's nothing like like you mean
it like Naruto no just like like you
mean like Naruto yeah what's the point
final points bowing look like the
biggest idiot challenge these are the
kids who play Dragon Ball Z in the in
the school like kids
yo why'd you pick up my friend yeah tell
me how it literally got dark in a span
of 30 minutes at this beach it was
insane we came with a perfect time this
camera doesn't do it justice because the
auto lighting on this cam like I always
say is ridiculous I mean it is pitch
black outside right now
but it still looks like it's bad daytime
like 2 p.m. looking ass with this camera
I think some people are hungry so we
might get food but jawed still back at
the Airbnb because he was editing he
didn't come here for the drone shots it
is what it is guys we're just exploring
LA right now some crazy people some nice
people you got every type of person out
here like literally you can walk from
one end of the beach to the other end of
the beach and you will meet one of
everybody so guys this one girl has been
letting her skateboard run away yeah
that there you go called it and then
she's gonna jump on it this girl's been
letting her skateboard just go and then
jumping out and going back there and
back here for the past 20 minutes what
can they do a 900 though probably not I
can do it ok DJ's gonna try the
colorblind trick oh because we just got
back we're about to go get food so
basically just close both your eyes
unwillingly unwillingly ok unwillingly
close both your eyes as hard as you can
hard yeah like right here take this
flashlight put it one over one of your
eyes you can open your eyes for a second
open your eyes yeah whoa it's red off
yeah yeah you don't get nuts oh I get a
bird then leave it there for 30 seconds
to a minute
but I didn't feel anything Oh
what do you mean it's burning is it
bring don't put it that close they
didn't have that now is on my eye it was
legit on my eye make sure it's red in
your eyeball I'm like forgetting Fatima
ankles yeah close it hard your hue and
saturation is about to go off like crazy
emotion no I take it off of the one yeah
and look and look yeah look I think that
no
so that's regular vision yeah okay now
cover it now looks at the other one but
now now go back to no you can't do both
or what so now go back to the other
vision and look I don't know it didn't
hurt myself oh yeah okay hold it on your
eyes yeah no I know hold it on your eye
heart you thought I was gonna punch em
you robot was like this don't go sweaty
huh those are eyes more okay okay and
now cover that and look well
everything's blue everything is blue
look cooler
yeah not do it again now yeah it's a war
game ain't you the light is yellow
that's super cool right it's not cool oh
yeah everything looks cool as hell
d-dude oh yeah that's colorblind people
this is like 5 p.m. this is like 9 p.m.
till we arrived at the Cheesecake
Factory guys why you gotta fight with me
a cheesecake Bongo said it wasn't a
high-class occasion there's luxury whips
everywhere so cool is just get in and be
able to eat the food right and guys
we're in
and ten minute wait inside 30 minute
wait outside what we're doing the inside
talk about cheesecakes am i right
allowance back table table tableau hey
why you gotta fight with me a cheese day
do you have to go girls acting late skin
I can't take it lower so guys I think
I'm gonna go with the fettuccine alfredo
fettuccine alfredo so that one looks the
best here guys I got shrimp chicken
alfredo okay it's not really chicken
alfredo if you got shrimp shrimp Alfredo
look at this AB AB AB AB AB at home
ahead suits at the table and we bout to
eat in this yeah alright guys so pretty
much we want to do a bunch of stuff
after we ate dinner but everyone ate so
much food that as soon as we were done
eating everyone got instant ideas boom
so tired so people started passing out
and your boy has just been editing for
the past couple hours I'm still not even
done the ruffed after my video so I have
to wake up early and edit the rest of it
I'm not gonna lie to you guys it's
really really really hard to focus on
editing a video and all you want to do
is go out and meet new people explore LA
like I'm addicted to this place already
so it is very tough to get these vlogs
in these main channel videos out while
I'm here but I'm still grinding so best
believe your boys gonna wake up early in
the morning what is this massive
creature flying on the wall oh my god
why is it shaking so much alright let's
shake Oh peace anyways like I was saying
I'm gonna wake up early because tomorrow
is our last day in LA there's a bunch of
stuff we have planned that we want to do
tomorrow but I'm gonna end the vlog off
there I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
do not forget to go down and smash that
like button I want to hit 25,000 likes
because the last two la vlogs did so
good so I'm sure the wolf am sorry gone
down and killed the like button also
today's most active wolf family is on
Twitter and I want to shout out boom
Taylor shut it to you I see you liking
and retweeting a bunch of my stuff if
anybody ever wants a follow a shout out
whatever you guys want just make sure to
stay super active on all my social
medias and lastly if you guys made it to
the very end of the vlog I want you guys
to comment down below
why is there a lit on the top of the
ceiling that's a sentence what why is
there that's all about just sitting it's
weird and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage in my main channel and as
always stay Savage
