hey yo what's good it's your boy wolfy
welcome back to another vlog we
are in Beverly Hills guys this is insane
the weather's great I'm off to a meeting
to start the day I'm literally around
the corner from Louis Vuitton
and Fendi store so I do not fit in I'm
in my basic white tee my shorts your boy
does not fit in this environment I got
my hat on but it is what it is this
is the life of a youtuber so as you guys
can see it is 904 but my meeting is at
9:30 so I have a lot of time to kill
every car that I'm seeing around here
it's like Beamer Benz so the meeting
went extraordinarily well guys now I'm
off to go get food but because I ate
fabric yesterday I feel fat honestly I
feel like I need to eat a little more
healthy today so me and David found this
salad place which is right beside fat
burger apparently you get to make your
own sot daddy's head it has cheese so
you get to make your own salad so we're
gonna go through that salad on salad on
choices on choices I got my tortilla
right here and I got avvocato I'm about
to go in there's so many options guys so
because of how many options there was
guys I literally packed it to the point
where it is exploding out of the package
my only meals a day so far guys let's
play a game name the green that isn't in
my salad I swear to god I got every
single green and every veggie that you
could possibly fit into this container I
thought it was gonna be like 40 bucks
put it this way if I lived in LA diet
wolfy would not be a struggle because
there's so many fast food salad places
like that you can just build your salad
and it's lit as how Ottawa doesn't have
this we're here to Ottawa please so guys
right now your boy is on the balcony
David is currently inside it's like 2
o'clock we're about to go chill with
Alex for a bit but David is drinking at
2 o'clock I know we're in LA and
everything but this man is mixing some
weird with his drinks I'm concerned
about him so I'm just gonna show you
hopefully it doesn't lash out on me but
what what are you doing this guy would
you be stopping him for no reason
yes ah
thump grunts B of 2016 and you just stop
you comment down below can you guys we
are walking we're at Universal not
Universal I saw him in the table livid
Holly Cooper both apart we're at
Hollywood Boulevard and Alex is taking
me and David on a tour we look like
absolute noobs with our cameras out but
we'll be living in LA next year so
everything get better you know what I
mean tour in some shoe place guys and it
is absolutely huge shoes everywhere
I have no idea what I'm getting myself
into I don't buy shoes so we'll see what
I come up with
so David coffee shoes I found
wavy hats got the prayer hands rose and
a calli hat jeez
 in this store actually fits me so
I'm balling out right now oh my god I
just got these like I don't even know
what that color is the brown ones I've
been wanting a plane pair of
Nike flip-flops for so long so I'm
copying these for sure so I'm in the
fitting room now I found more shorts oh
god they fell even though I already
bought so much hold it right on
these shorts I don't have enough shorts
while I'm here guys look how trippy this
 is this is magnetic putty and this
thing is literally getting sucked into
the frigging putty right now you can see
it getting sucked in that's trippy as
hell and if you put it on the side of
this eight look at these spikes hold on
I want you to see all the spikes spikes
look at these flakes as soon as you put
it close it's so trippy oh my god
anyways I think we're going to a
basketball game today alex is playing a
basketball game and me and David are
probably just gonna go sit in the crowd
but I bought three pairs of shoes going
to show them to you guys once we go back
to the Airbnb here's the first pair do
David's all kicks David got nice kicks
to the white I got all black because
black looks nice on the light skin hey
guys so we're at some high school
he wants us to vlog his stuff probably
medias going to tallest and a rocky
showed up on the team Auto limits they
got this one and he is huge so it's not
a win now how do you guys know how he
does one my guys it's all guys on the
court
Oh
I'm going to show you guys okay guys
we're sneaking out a venue and people
are behind the fence we're cutting or
cutting a guy's pants going astray we
are stuck in the parking lot there's
fans everywhere is everywhere and then
other where Alex is going
they don't know week oh you gotta take a
selfie with you yeah go quick quick okay
likes getting mobbed hexagon more okay
guys alex is running people coming he's
unlocking the gate the gates closed the
gates closed get back in the car we
gotta go overboard
the other gate to other gay to other one
oh shut his door let's just kind of
throw really dropping the ball forward I
think that's obscure is literally
standing in front of the car right now
she won't go see she will not move in
front of the car she's not gonna move
okay yeah don't drive we just gotta take
the pic at this point she is well we
gotta take your pick it's good my little
cousin so I scare your pig please get in
the picture that's true family goals by
Alex and first your life for your little
cousins we are at these lights nighttime
we came to these lights I don't
know what they're called but it doesn't
matter they're swag as and I'm
about to cop off my Instagram with these
damn lights there's so many people in
there I don't know I don't know I'm just
gonna just gonna adjust just gonna budge
in there so here just like just out of
the canyon Canyon melt like everyone's
trying to start their Instagram game up
but to be honest no one's ever gonna
have an Instagram like mine takes hard
work dedication commitment to get the
most savage Instagram in the world but I
mean
props everyone for trying Silvia is one
of the people trying she's out there but
there is always mad people
I've been trying to get this one aisle
in the center of these lights for like
the longest time guys how delicious does
this pizza look we got chicken mushrooms
green peppers oh my god Brad some
low-key pizza so right now and David's
like a baby pizza
I got by myself
yeah we're vegan so it is it there's not
a Nazi unpacking all the stuff we bought
guys ooh all I gotta say is why did I
ever have these beat Under Armour
friggin flip-flops because they came in
my size that's why I bought them but why
do I need them when I got the classic
Nikes because the state's actually has
more selection than Canada so they were
never in my size so just can't open this
garbage for me this is what I think
about these photo shoots all right just
get out here wait wait you can sell
it on eBay whoo I will be super that's
wolfies flip open the garage there's any
money fan all right guys there's cops
gathering up in a square right here
we're hearing some gunshots so I don't
know what's going on but how close can I
get oh look at that quality as long as I
don't move too much
oh they're marching we're chilling on
the balcony Bongo and jad got here DJ
and Shawn are still at their place but
Bongo jad came to check it out and
there's some crazy is going down
right now
okay now we're communicating with that
apartment over there we got a bird caws
okay give them a nice lickle so get this
city of the hot dog do you got it we got
it probably dying to break oh okay let's
see if he does it again all right guys
so this is about to be the shortest
segment of DIY wolf you guys have ever
seen I'm making giant gummy coca-cola
bottles and I also want to make I
thought about this gummy water bottles
because imagine if I did gummy water
bottle trick shots smash the like button
right now if you guys want to see me
attempt gummy water bottle trick shots
while I'm here so I'll just do the same
process with this water bottle fill it
up let it freeze over it'll be
completely gummy and then we'll see if I
can land some dope trick shots so yeah
hit the like button if you want to see
me attempt that but let's get this
started
speed cooking with
yeah I why Wolfie okay so because this
house has literally no pots
there's not one pot in this whole
 house we're going to use this
wok that I found and we're gonna pour
all the coke out of the wok into the wok
not over the wok into the wok let it
simmer down for a sec and then pour the
rest in the best part about this is you
don't need food coloring so all the
cokes in there now what we're gonna do
with this we are gonna cut off the
coca-cola logo and we're also gonna cut
a nice little cut inside of the bottle
now what we're going to do is we're
going to take on a measuring cup okay
thank God this house at least has a
measure and I bought a ridiculous amount
of gelatin one two three four
eight nine ten okay so 7,000 microliters
around yeah definitely a little too much
I'm gonna fill this up with as many of
these packets as possible and I'll be
back in a sec okay so as you guys can
see look at how thick this texture is we
put so many damn packets in not enough
though we're gonna put a little more in
and we're gonna put it in the microwave
then we're gonna throw it in here
alright so now look at how liquidy this
 is and now we're gonna put it into
the coke god damn this is too easy it's
a little chunky we might have a little
chunky coke bottle but let's mix it
around nice smell bad yeah this stuff
honestly guys gelatin warm smells like
 but it's all good
look how foamy it is so next step is we
are going to have to tape this up
because it's lit in the middle so you
don't want the coke leaking out
obviously camera angle may not be the
best now buy set the tripod up I wish
you guys could see it it's on like the
faucet so I'm like it's on where the
water comes out of just this latest
smooth transition oh anyways I went
to Target bought some duct tape bought
two packs I don't know why I always buy
too much when I'm making video swish it
out I have two hands and tape over it to
make sure there's no leakage so now we
want to check if the duct tape did the
job so let's see if any air is coming
out Solo in as hard as you can and see
if any air is flowing out so just a
quick little
okay there might be a little bit coming
up so we're just gonna do the water test
cuz if I put this in the fridge and it
starts to leak that is not good
we do not want that one giant gummy coke
bottle coming up so we're filling it
there's a little foam at the top make
sure there is no foam at the top guys no
foam at the top that's the goal okay so
we might have to scratch that idea
because I've already broken a glass this
is what the Coke looks like the coke is
draining slowly it's leaking everywhere
so that's a flop think the duct tape is
not working so luckily I have one more
fresh coke bottle we're gonna have to
work with finally the coke bottle is
there ready to freeze honestly guys I
didn't show you all the process but look
at this matte paper towels soaked with
coke this is half water half coke mess
mess such a mess like that took way
forever than I ever thought it would
this was a flop okay I saw this
down online I thought it would be easier
the duct tape idea is an absolute flop
don't do the duct tape idea just have a
full coke bottle and then you have to
just cut it very precisely after making
sure not to cut the coke so that it
splits open but don't use the duct tape
alright guys so we just got out of the /
we are on the way to the boys house they
have a little house by Santa Monica Pier
so that's where we're headed mad birds
around here this is much more of a
different vibe than we're we're saying
we're staying like downtown LA always
cars everything's crazy this is more
like typical neighborhood kind of
reminds me of home except for these
giant palm trees we're a little lost but
I have a GPS up so hopefully we can find
the boys house we got squirrels running
across wires here here this guy go yeah
dang this is a gated community holy
this is a palace hey oh yeah how's it
going
alright welcome oh well here so guys we
arrived at Venice Beach we are waiting
on the rest of the boys to come here no
idea we're gonna do but there's Matt
shop so we'll figure something out but
that is a Venice Beach
there's someone explain to me who's man
this is blues man this is what we have
in Venice Beach guys it's already
starting well this is what I expected
but you know it's pretty nice it's
pretty nice the view goes on for like
longer than our hotel we got the goon
squad out bro it goes Callie doesn't
stop so the view goes on forever and
we're gonna plan to walk to the very end
up probably another area but we're going
to see how long do you go for hey guys
now we are at Santa Monica here eyes
waiting on the boys again they're late
but it's kind of lit here we just got in
here you can see cars can drive down
from this ramp and they come down go all
the way this way but all the way this
well actually I don't know where you go
once you hit this point it kind of just
ditched our uber Mun because as I got
one way and then we all gone out of the
car and then left them solo dolo and you
had to go through parking probably
played but Yolo guys this is a view of
the likkle waves and the dark it doesn't
look as good but it's still nice as hell
down there they're writing names on a
grain of rice the craziest tourist
attractions here when Sylvia is vlogging
- as you can see this view where I'm
from we have the one beach and we have
two beaches the one beaches
the second beach is like mediocre at
best but this is like there's no you can
just go I'm about to play a whack-a-mole
for Sylvia alright your boys go to her
head I'm going to show you how it's not
very smart
all bats try to get in gear down yeah
let's just our your way I'm ready ready
is there anything on my one two three
four five six seven lucky winner six
five four three two one so it should be
my lucky one I gotta say your number
since I left you lighter
we actually we all had 140 never putting
that over you how's it going hey guys
now I'm going one-on-one against Shaun
Express aiming we're throwing a baseball
at these things cobbler let's go
okay the next game we're playing is a
ring game you got to land one of these
rings on these little bottles but it's
really hard because it bounces like
crazy I might throw all my rings at once
just because I heard that's the strategy
to go with no it's not these guys are
going to do the little mine strategy and
just do one at a time well it's going to
take half an hour mine's going to be two
minutes
ain't nobody getting one so your boys
going to come in yes so he just said
that I couldn't throw them all away
that was mine Sylvia's going through it
Sylvia has wandering left oh alright we
swap you wanna shout anyone out Edward
encourage Nathan Edward and Christian
shout out to you guys around the Santa
Monica Pier looking at the waves and
what's your name what's your name
Jai ear nice to meet you bro this is the
number one wolf em look at these tacos
we are about to eat dinner I got steak
chicken and I don't know I might be pork
I don't know in this okay welcome back
to DIY cooking with Wolfie the past week
this has been in the fridge for a couple
hours now and it's pretty frozen we have
the knife in here and we are just
cutting down very carefully hi guys it's
already failing so it's already sticking
to the bottle we have so much more to
rip I didn't spray any oil in there so
it's sticking to the bottle not like
it's supposed to at all and the top
doesn't want to come off the bottom
doesn't want to come off tops off top is
off it is magically it still holds its
shape which is good we'll call it a coke
bottle still because look at this it
still has the coke logo on it and it
still looks nice if you cut the top off
it kind of looks right now we're gonna
try and take the top off and then
reattach it separately the top was kind
of there and then this is it throw on
the cap and it is a DIY gummy coke model
so now it's your guys favorite part
we're gonna cut this open low key knife
Wolfie this is gwad knife all teeth
oh the cleanest slice in the game guys
look at this just a quick little that
sounds disgusting
ha that's kind of disgusting but without
ooh down the middle that is so
satisfying guys look at this
I'll even I'll put a w-4 wolfy oh my god
this feels so good to cut yeah no idea
we're gonna eat sway you already know
what it is no Wolfie Wolfie Wolfie no
Wolfie hey hey anyways guys that is my
attempt at the DIY dummy coke bottle
look at this invention that Alex showed
me this is magic magic trick Wolfie I'm
gonna call the vlog craziest magic trick
in the world VI guys we're about to film
I think we're doing my video first who
has the biggest banger like you are you
not definitely me wait what is the most
like like wool no okay alex has the one
that's most like whoa yeah Chrissy he
hasn't you have the messiest one hasn't
like no way and you have the most
competitive competitive yeah so if you
want to see competitive youtubers no
you're gonna watch them all I don't care
watch mine watch Alice is watch David's
baby who is it I've loved its large
section you know what the go wait
wait you wanna get on a second is
everyone vlogging it's a blog party bro
I thought that's what it weighs
not even on you guys even want to go to
the escape room anymore huh yeah what is
it
you are driving so we're at the escape
house my boat to turn up so
you're just gonna bail so these guys are
here starglo squad goes I don't even
know we're doing row we got a squad we
got this guy this guy you guys may know
Alex asabi
no kiddin try scope let's get it
hopefully we can skate so apparently
they're making our sign some piece of
paper and say that they can't touch us
I don't know how I feel more people
touching me but let me go no you don't
want to trust you
this guy's I'll be sure okay they
were doing the exorcism room so it is
what it is so that's what we're going
under the Exorcist just say guys what
its gonna look like
can't your room with some of it sounds
like put on the mic like 100 didn't
flinch at all Garrity guys I'm
in a city but I can't block it a few
inches late hill so we just got out of
the escape room and we dusted it in like
you're like 15 minutes of spare so you
know it's ours
definitely on me some guys soluble no
way so I shut it to the boys I mean it's
partly just what it was cool I guess no
it does sufficient hey guys so we're at
some place called 800 degrees a family
you get to like customize your own I'm
about to go off I'm starving
keep this pesto on the base every
 thing this is about to be the
most lip piece I've ever had thing it's
on McGregor thing and fight is lit
watching the flame I bet money bought in
bet money I bet schmutz on the guy so he
has to it now as bull say MacGregor one
second round of watch
on to combo so everyone's walking now
but we are at a burger spot called the
counter custom burgers but one thing
about this like look they have basically
every option like you get to customize
your burger like completely but for the
sauces they don't have ketchup so what
you do is you just make your own square
and then you just spell it cat
chop and then you check it off so that
they know that you want ketchup if that
isn't an incident quick I don't know
what is hey babe look at that we got
 carrots on a burger like what
cheese and now let's let's taste the
sweet sriracha shall we
Tom you bitch please let me know
actually is just sweet sriracha cheese
cheese
jaanu so guys I got the white Roe she's
on nice pants
pink on pink on pink it's all pink
though right now but I'm really thinking
like heavily of extending my flight two
days and then standing at the boys air
B&B because they got here later than us
but they're staying later than us as
well so I want to stay a little longer
because I feel like I haven't had enough
of LA so tonight might be the extending
flight night I'll fill you guys in on
what I do good morning a go let's get
ashore where we'll be welcome back to
more Wolfie I have been slacking on the
vlogs I'm gonna be completely honest
with you guys I've been doing too many
things for getting my camera going to
like these events oh my god meeting so
many new people so it's dope but I
forgot to end off the vlog last night so
we're going to the mall this morning I
have a meeting at one o'clock we're
meeting up with all of the boys and I
extended my flight so I'm staying an
extra two days we're just waiting on the
uber now but we're about to fall down at
the mom buying more
I bought mad shoes the other day but I
need clothes now so so far two louvers
have canceled on us because on this
street instead of going straight this
way where we were told to meet them well
that's where we set the pickup
destination anyways well we set it they
didn't come down that Street and they
came down this street and curved us
twice in a row so that's two cancelled
ubers hopefully the third one doesn't
cancel on us his name is Alejandro so I
feel like he's gonna come through for
the boy hey my nigga showed up Gang Gang
Gang so we just arrived at the Beverly
Center that is where we're going
shopping I don't have too much time but
let's see if I can at least get like
maybe one or two things before I leave
my meetings in an hour but it's like 30
minutes away and traffic sucks here so
I'm not quite sure how many things
auction okay so guys I'll give you two
seconds I guess where I ended up already
okay hmm we're at H&M here found a new
hoodie that wasn't at the other location
but problem is I have 20 minutes left so
eat i'ma get this got my nice white
chocolate mocha here cuz I gotta wake
the hell up all right here's the plan
alright for the meeting you only signing
if we get a million dollars listen to
that only a billion dollars only a bit
I'm not signing a billion dollars saying
Santa's in the mall
it's November definitely November I
don't know what Santa's doing now Santa
you should be collecting gift wrapping
presents but it's not December yet so I
mean it's a little early so I'm waiting
outside for the uber right now but check
out this hat that I got this is probably
gonna be similar to what my merch is
gonna be like but look at this guy's
king Wolfie I'm the Savage
ooh and it fits dirty it's a
wrap guys
your boy is probably gonna call up like
50 hats while I'm here so I'm excited
guys for in a store now I'm shopping and
I found a real-life astronaut pants and
hold on is this beep no it's me finish
it's a follow-up that's not a baby so
we're out of glasses store I've already
bought a bunch of stuff I forgot that
long just look at this and alex is
forcing everyone to buy non prescription
glasses I mean whose man is this whose
man is that apparently view by five you
get one free so you tryna convince us
all the buy glasses so that you can get
us one pair for free all the men's they
look like they give you that like in a
loot bag for midway midway looking at
100 tickets looking at 100 tickets
looking at Billy Alice's chain is nice
how'd you get the Hat
I got the glasses I don't engage
yourself in a holiday ahh looks alright
guys hit the like button and friggin
David's gonna buy this t-shirt for DJ as
a troll because DJ
still plays Pokemon go ahead T so will
you do it David alright you said yeah
you guys hit the like button thank you
goodbye I forgive you yeah Anna David's
gonna wear it sincerity chase we're
gonna prank him right now
we're gonna prank was behind us we're
gonna go behind him when I bend over use
your motion not Bongo you push him up
from the stomach all right ready
oh my god
why didn't you push a camera it's just a
prank bro it's just a prank you dude
again for the thumbnail dude David show
the shirt okay
so David's got the shirt now I mean oh
there is that long distance now our
meeting up with DJ and we're gonna show
him his new shirt okay so before we went
to the boys house we had to come back
because since we're switching Airbnb is
tomorrow morning I would rather pack all
my stuff and bring it to the boys house
tonight so that I don't have to do it
when I'm half asleep tomorrow and forget
 I just don't have to go through all
that process so BJ left them all early
because he was tired so we haven't got a
chance to troll him with the Pokemon
chair yet but we're still gonna do that
all the boys just went around the corner
to go to this pizza shop apparently
there's like dope samples or something
they're giving out so they're gonna go
try those quickly but right now me and
Sylvia are just packing packing away
literally this girl moved into this
closet so it's ridiculous like I don't
know how she's gonna pack that stuff up
she also got stuff in here it's just
like so many things short period of time
so hopefully we can do I think David's
done packing already but we just gotta
push through eggs got pushed through it
yeah David's pretty much back savage
gotta Sabbath but we just arrived to the
location guys look at this look at
Howdy's me and Sylvia's bedroom is
insisted I sleep like on the couch
downstairs is I wanna sleep on the bed
bond was like nah I've been falling
asleep on the couch so I'm down to keep
doing it so look we are here oh my god
it's huge so more space I'm gonna edit
tonight I have not done enough YouTube
so I got to get back on the YouTube
grind pay respect to what brought me
here you know so why is there outlets in
Narnia
up there I'm please a lot of breath as
you can tell I just carried Sylvia's
giant suitcase up here and the uber
driver literally his van was hotter than
the desert this guy didn't turn on the
a/c and I felt weird asking for it so we
were sweating the whole way up here and
I was in my hoodie
oh my god hey completely sorry guys I
literally fell asleep as soon as I hit
this bed when I got here but before I
end this vlog I want to end it off on a
high note so check this out I'm gonna
give D chance ball c'mon shirt dude DJ
David bought you a shirt before he left
gave you this so yeah
I'm cheetah where you think I'm gonna
win well when you go for an outing where
once oh we appreciate all right guys
shut up and eat
hi Perry thank you so much I'm gonna
wear this to bed like three other seven
nights anyways guys I want to end the
vlog off there I hope you guys enjoyed
if you did do not forget to go and smash
that like button let's hit twenty five
thousand likes more fam yeah I didn't
know what it is and if you made it this
far in today's vlog I want you guys to
comment down below
la is coming to an end because we're
about to leave LA even though we
extended the trip like two days David
left this morning so comment down below
la is coming to an end also shout out to
boom boom boom boom all of y'all just
did too many shots I was so I love you
guys thank you for all the support and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more Sanders
in my main channel and as always stay
savage mango
