hey yo what's good it's your boy
wolfy and welcome back to another
beautiful beautiful beautiful la vlog I
mean the view every morning speaks for
itself I don't really need to say much
it's early as hell but Sylvia is already
gone she's doing a bunch of stuff for
her YouTube channel David just ran to
Target to go grab something for a video
so your boy Wolfie is the lonely person
in this house whoo
whoa and put it this way we got no
coffee in the house EU boy has to chug a
Red Bull the grind does not stop you
already know your boys editing a video
right now I mean look at this view while
I'm editing my video this is just
amazing so let's see how much I can get
done before we actually have to do stuff
today because I know David has some
plans for us so I'm not gonna be able to
sit in this house and edit all day and I
don't want to do that and last but not
least to wake myself up oh my goodness
alright
oh boy oh boy so guys we're currently
waiting on the uber but what better way
to wait then to water bottle flip water
bottle flip by the time I leave this
house I'm gonna flip a bottle on every
single thing oh oh let's go
but I need to hit this shot now two in a
row let's hit the third oh don't get at
me yeah watch this do you think I can
make a show about me yeah wait what are
you gonna show oh you didn't land on
that edge there yeah yeah my sis look
guys this if I land this shot this is
potentially the most astounding amazing
water bottle trick shot cuz I'm the
 trick shot now you guys have
seen my video of life so here we go if I
hit this shot you better smash that like
button oh my god I'm afraid of heights
you guys saw my last one duh
I'll give you I'm afraid of
heights it guys I almost figure oh my
god you know what to make up for the
shot I almost got you almost yes
okay okay hey guys guys I wish I could
make that shot honestly we just standing
there and holding it over the edge I
felt like I was gonna vomit and I didn't
want to puke on anyone so it is what it
is all right all right guys so we're at
our destination right now I don't know
if you know this youtuber is but we're
kickin it with you boy
Alex wasabi yeah you guys don't know he
is we're making a video on his channel
I'm with David and you guys are don't
want to see it it's a friggin banger so
I'll leave a link to his channel in the
top of the description I'm pretty sure
you guys know who this guy is I like
he's more popular Chia elbow he's I mean
a little bit of everything although it's
all black yeah I took us forever to come
up with that initiation like yeah you
can join Team rabo anyways guys he has a
ball pit song but to jump in without my
phone I said you can hand on my wallet
yeah okay
what's at the bottom this um spikes
spider is there's more so people do it
flux and hitting their feet David's
jumping alright dad I'm going after you
on the way what is like fire this my
video is going viral swish swish hire me
for the NBA holy Sh ok so guys this is
what I'm looking at right now I don't
really know what the setup is but we got
a big camera and I just have my little
camera I mean this is my point shoot
camera so don't judge me but we're
filming Alex won't tell me what we're
filming but I guess you guys you're
gonna have to go to his channel to check
it out like I said it's gonna be at the
top of description I have those two oh
yeah I was just anyways here we go guys
let's do it we just finished shooting
I'm not gonna tell you guys what it was
but let me just tell you it was fire
bangers here's a fire finger fire bang
fire banger so we say Tamara
fire boom I have a firecracker so get
ready for it guys just know it's gonna
blow your mind none of you have seen it
before so just expect big things
it'll be out by the time that we drop a
fire bang around my channel too so
expect fire from your boy Alex with
something you already know what it is
just me David romantic music playing
over there
I love la ride The Grove shopping I just
bought some Nike they've also make
you go Dave you like it Tammy and
David on a little bit of a date it's
just beautiful Rito Center what the
are you saying on this mall they got
Christmas up it's November November
just then they got Christmas up
Banana Republic like levels on levels on
levels and then we just got Rito Center
I'm moving to LA next week literally
they have streets in the mall with like
trains going everywhere I don't even
little clock what time is it
ah three o'clock I knew it is this
Justin Bieber official merch oh my god
guys I've been searching and it's a
excel the first one this is meant to be
I'm comedy guys so we are leaving the
Grove right now the mall was pretty good
like honestly I expected better but it's
still lit so now we're at the over
pickup zone waiting for our uber David's
right there basically everyone was
bragging about Topshop but I know
Topshop is one of those spots that a lot
of clothes don't fit me because I'm
really tall I'm pretty thick so I went
in there and I didn't have high hopes
but I saw every t-shirt like all
these long tees that I love to wear and
they were all in the size that I thought
was my size I guess and the most
trending colors right now so I picked up
like eight of them guess what I walked
out with absolutely one and the one was
a forced one so I'm kind of teased but
it is what it is like I just need to go
to those big and tall stores I don't you
think la has swag for me so if la
doesn't have sweat for me nowhere has
two legs I've given up but anyways it's
a beautiful view out here there's a
Range Rover around there like nothing
but nice cars out here it's ridiculous
so we're headed back to the Airbnb now
Sylvia is still at her she's been at
something like forever 21 thing all day
like photoshoot video thing I don't know
so guys we're currently watching the
election take place right now even
though we don't live in America I still
want to see what's going on and then I
just went on Twitter and I read this
article it was posted a few hours ago it
says one dead in a shooting near
California polling station we happen to
be in California right now and so one
was just shot dead at a polling station
so I'm tempted because I really need
food to go walk around the corner and
get food does this burger place that I
just found on Yelp and I want to go try
out some new foods so I'm kind of shook
right now not gonna lie I mean the
cities are pretty empty ish I don't know
what's going on right now but I think me
and Sylvia are gonna go walk to go get a
burger something hopefully everything's
fine
on the streets hopefully there's no
riots right now because as of right now
Donald Trump is that he's doing numbers
and mad people in Cali are shocked right
now so gang gang gang gang gang we're
about to get fat at fat burger you must
let drink you can get long drinks
raspberry sprayed it's mint guys the
burger I got the xxx and apparently it's
a challenge to eat the flunkies all of
your death - that guy's got it I have it
in my bag i'ma show it to him to get
home shuttle is three patties or quickly
over join the xxx challenge but with
finishing the burger they receive a
certificate with a plan you get to be on
the wall if I don't eat the wall of fat
understand market so those are Sylvia's
fries and these are the fat fries I
guess he's a dick
god damn well and then my burger is
literally bigger its barging out of the
bad guys what is this what is this it's
bigger than my head can you show me walk
why is it bigger than Sylvia's head
okay this is the greasiest burger of
fattiest burger I've ever seen in my
life but your boy is trying to get his
certificate and trying to get that spot
on the wall cuz I'm a beast and I don't
lose challenges so
every rap that's just delicious boom the
burger is done believe it or not I
absolutely destroyed it
I couldn't eat my fries but I did the
burger so put me on the wall I
got the challenge completed your boys
are savage smash that like button
because I'm irked it okay guys if you
guys want to see me do some more eating
challenges down below I'm not talking
about the McDonald's burger challenge I
know that disgusted a lot of people but
I'm talking about like just eating a lot
not eating fast but eating a lot cuz I
can eat a lot of food
comment down below what you want to see
me do and hit the like button so I know
you're interested if your boy will do
the most piece eating challenge you guys
have ever seen but guys I'm ending the
night off by watching forever 21
snapchat story because I know some girl
in it where is she this girl whose girl
is this on forever 21 snapchat what the
hell do you see this it's girls
professional let's go monkeys so yeah
guys I'm ending the beautiful night off
with this view watching through TV with
Silvia I forgot that I had an early
meeting in the morning so sadly your boy
cannot sleep in which I really wanted to
sleep in tomorrow I'm exhausted I still
have not caught up my sleeve I just want
go to bed anyways guys I gotta wash my
face and pass the hello so I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog if you did do not
forget these vlogs are lit LA's lit go
smash that like button let's hit a
25,000 on all the blogs
wolf mi want to see all your support
because I'm out here and I wouldn't be
out here if it wasn't for you guys so
thank you so much for all the continued
support also today I want to shout out
someone for being super active on my
Instagram so hold on I mean I put this
is that good
this is resting on the bunk bed right
now no one's on the top bunk I was even
on the bottom book why do we have a bunk
bed I don't know but let me go through
my Instagram right now and just see who
is active today go to my most recent
photo and then whip up the comments and
someone I noticed that is really active
is Andy so shout out to you boom you are
the real MVP Andy I with you thank
you so much for liking all my
commenting on my yeah you're the
reason for my success like I need my
little asshole family you guys so thank
you so much anyways guys if you made it
to the end of the vlog I want you to
comment down below I'm in love with LA
because as I've been here for a few days
guys I'm in love with LA the sea does
not sleep okay guys there's always gonna
be lights on at night I'm probably I'm
in love with LA so I know you made it to
the very end of the vlog and again I
will see you
to another beggar video and as always
stay savage Lego
