good morning eh yo what's good as your
boy wolf you know this is that fucking
holdup guys the viewers a bit shitty so
I gotta get the view a little better
boom welcome to the lovely la blogs this
bitch look at this view that I woke up
to this morning guys
absolutely fucking incredible I don't
even know what to think of this right
now we are on top of the city don't
really know what my plans are today but
let me just go through my sliding doors
make sure they make sure they slide all
right just you can dis - ah
alright puck you did David is editing
right there he's editing our video
Silvia is getting ready for her own
thing she has a bunch of meetings that
she has to do today but I have no plans
today I might meet up a few people a
little later today but you got to wake
up everyday by scaring yourself a bit
you know so why not go out on this
massive ledge cuz I am deathly afraid of
heights it's a fucking great idea to
wake up in the morning coffees just too
old-school this is the new way 2016 wake
yourself up challenge congratulations
you fucking played yourself buddy I just
locked this Nanna
and he's scared of heights big time look
at this look down yeah where are you
going I'll let you in if you do five
jumping jacks wake yourself up in the
morning treat yourself ray don't do that
that's what good not a good idea okay if
you guys are afraid of heights o me
don't do that anyways I hope you guys
are excited for these vlogs remember if
you guys are enjoying these vlogs I want
you guys to smash that like button I
want to hit a hundred K on every single
one of the blogs and I know my wolf pam
has ridiculous like power so if you
haven't already go down smash that like
button and let's get the day started
every blogger boys yeah
white chocolate mocha caramel macchiato
fringo Bango Chingo I told you I was
getting anyways guys you can't start off
the day without a coffee I got the
biggest size they spelled my name right
so shout out to Starbucks cheers to Las
Vegas
even though okay guys if there's one
thing that I like about LA so far it's
that you can bring your dog literally
everywhere like there's dogs everywhere
you go right now in fact there's a dog
kickin it inside Starbucks just chillin
as long as you have like the little dog
boots on your dog can basically come
anywhere they have food and water at the
entrance of like most stores which is
blessed so david has me eating on some
low-key Oz place because it was high
rated on Yelp so we're at big Paul
sandwiches or some shit like that is a
sign I just got some crazy Korean
barbecue sandwich I'm excited to eat it
starving I have not eaten breakfast so
I'm going to show you guys what it looks
like you can't even see it why is this
so soggy just like yours oh we should've
ate em so we played ourselves not eating
at the store but it's all good this is
Korean BBQ beef I don't even know
mushroom swiss well that's a banker
sandwich I've ever out of my life
actually got so fucking good thank guys
what it is here got Sylvia's light up
here can you wave in front of it it goes
off okay it doesn't go off but when you
wave in front of it it turns on
high-technology rocky no no okay just
whose ma'am you guys didn't believe me
look at this
yay yay boom mirrors on don't you guys
just hate it when you pull some paper
towel off the roll and it goes one too
many rolls too far I mean I fucking hate
that that's why we got one click two
click three click listen to that sound
oh you want 75 clicks for the up okay
that's it looks cooler in my head
basically this thing has click so you
turn it once and it goes like 136 of the
way so it can't just roll out of control
which is amazing so guys I have a
meeting in about an hour I know in
fucking meeting in LA yeah I think about
it in this pocket Wolfie let's get it
anyways we went to the grocery store so
before my meeting I want to try
something if you guys can see in the
fridge I have Diet Coke this is what
else I got mad Mentos because right now
your boy is gonna beat notice how I said
beat I didn't say attempt because I'd be
everything I tried the diet coke and
mentos experiment challenge whatever you
want to call it basically this is what
happens when you mix Mentos and Diet
Coke
yay okay that's definitely not supposed
to be happening just should definitely
be exploding what the hell how are you
wrong up for a two-time number two so
open the pack my god oh my god is it oh
don't do that
never so as you guys can see it explodes
very quickly so we're gonna put that in
our mouth okay as to the goal is to
drink as much of this coke see how much
I can get done with MADD Mentos in my
mouth because it's gonna explode just
like it did in the bottle you should do
this in it so I got mad Mentos here
let's do it don't spray on me kick oh
gosh grandmas although I go like oh
y'all moving my laptop out of the way oh
thank God we did in the shower I'll just
stop in this up I love this pressure
love the pressure
hey guys David's up how much can you
swallow this how much I got done getting
at them it's which I spelled mad but
like you got a smaller bottle David's up
let's go oh my man doesn't you what the
hell Brooke come on swallow swallow
you're in there yeah that's nice slowly
nice day so everybody can do it you know
do your possible job right
somebody can send me a video on my
Twitter take me finish a bottle of Diet
Coke but you have to have at least five
Mentos in your mouth it's impossible I'm
calling it right now I'd be every
challenge I can't be this one this is
nonsense
thanks very much take care all right
guys I'm at my meeting Sunset Boulevard
meeting what the hell two L's later so I
just finished my meeting it went dope
and now I am waiting on my friend he's
got to pick up his car so you know I'm
just telling with David padua Maserati
is pulling in front of me you know this
is a late life I guess
so guys we are in Burbank now I'm with
some fucking guy driving the car
there's some guy you know Christian
dealt and Grassi or some shit because
you're Christian is showing us around LA
like nobody's business so shout out to
my boy make sure to subscribe if you
haven't already I leave his link in the
description we are going to West Coast
Customs because he has to pick up his
car typical Monday in LA and then we're
gonna go visit around the city because
we haven't been anywhere so we need to
go places we won't take them where you
gonna take me yeah but I don't know one
that is exactly a pub right doctor we're
in West Coast Customs right now
Christian just got his car wrapped and
now we're going to the most wet legit
setup yes ok maybe not the most legit
you want to show that anyone really on
the vlog
yes I want to show everyone Dylan's got
his own sticker on the door give green
screen white now this Jesus bro look for
monitors guys I have 3.5 million
subscribers and this guy's setups better
than mine and how old are you 11
yeah I hate Malaysia so the question is
are you subscribed to my channel yes and
I am following you on Twitter and
Instagram show them if you're lying you
don't get a showdown okay I'll show you
on the phone mate this is an active sub
they treat me right guys okay so hey
guys shoutout to Dylan what's your
Instagram uh Instagram is delta
underscore world you can follow yourself
right now she gets a live follow because
of this this is the follower of the day
so shout out to Dylan I'm gonna post it
on the screen right now I mean his
gaming setup might be a little better
than mine but yeah stamp on its own and
then you can pull it around I wanted to
introduce you to my new car I mean it is
what it is it's not that
but it's my new car so we're driving out
oh I thought they said 11 got the key
Oh got the key we're good yeah that one
is mine to grad Yunus dad's look at the
views in this place there's just
mountains everywhere fucking literally
oh yeah you can see the Hollywood
setting oh my god you're such a snake
love David guys love David anyways we're
driving in Christians new whip not new
with newly wrapped with and it's fucking
disgusting I'm not going to show it to
you guys because I want you guys to see
it on his channel but it is like
Batmobile
it's the Batmobile all right this place
felt sweet green and apparently they
sell mad salads up here mad greens your
boys ready to order guess why I didn't
vlog me eating it but I got a nice salad
with like kale lettuce yeah you can see
the scraps like cucumbers because over
there somewhere
diet Christian diet Kristin we're with
the squash so guys apparently this stuff
is supposed to be good or something it's
just dried mango slices look I'm a picky
eater and this guy's just like nyeh
you'll eat it you'll like it you'll like
it
so like candy oh yeah so which one this
one no this is the staff oh it's just
yes so here we go I'll give you my food
review
it's actually pretty good guys oh seven
out of ten so me and David are headed
home now we just both copped a pair of
shoes from this spot right here it's
wavy as how I forgot to vlog inside
because I was actually looking I have no
swag when it comes to shoes so I needed
a new pair I'll show you when we get
home but now we're just waiting on an
uber I think we're gonna go actual
shopping tomorrow because we didn't have
time to do it today we ended up doing
everything but shopping so tomorrow
morning I'm fucking going shopping I
don't care but still they're just
waiting in the air B&B by herself she's
an editing her video all day so I'm
gonna go back to her and probably edit
with her couple goals you already know
what it is alright guys so these are the
kicks that I got boom oh shit okay that
could have been more graceful II gotta
get my hobby dad Cecilia approve of
these have you seen them on my feet guys
so these are my kicks right here gonna
lace them up I don't know how to tie
them yet to be the most so Aggie
possible but I want to be able to slip
these on quick that's so eggy nice hold
buy another pair tomorrow these are
gonna be my first pair of shoes that
don't stink when I wear them now that
I'm in LA I got a rock some actual swag
like advance see these are your black
shoes before black man's now you have
blush okay okay let's just anyways guys
tomorrow's shopping day real shopping
day we're upgrading my swag alright so I
had to buy this new know stuff that I
brought here because lately my nose has
been dry as fuck just like my lips for
some reason the air has been so dry in
Ottawa so I bought some soft lush and
left my head get lot less but lot soft
and lush my blistex check it out but I
have yet to drop a vlog I haven't
dropped a vlog in like two days on more
wolfie as of right now when I'm filming
this video for my main channel that's
some dough people already and it's only
been like the second day out here so I
honestly don't know what to expect for
the next couple of days it's ridiculous
like you can be walking down the street
it just spot famous people it's I don't
even know what to say but the rest of
albo is coming in a few days so I'm
excited for them to be here I want them
to see what la is like just FaceTime my
mom and my dad and they're like what the
hell is is you like come on guys just
come on Auto out of this it's huge so
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog if you did please do not forget to
go down and smash that like button wolf
fam you guys already know what it is I
want to get 125 K on each one
la blog so go down smash that like
button right now wolf am that shows me
that you guys are fucking with these
rods also shout out the day to shame
boom chain you're the man chain you're
my dog you rate my shit I see you on
Twitter so brilliant where you're gonna
shout out you're the best and I want
every single one of my wolf em to
comment down below LA again because I
know a lot of you guys aren't here but
you still here with me in spirit okay I
see a lot of you Wolfie I'm just chillin
there's a bunch you right there on the
street anyways guys I'm gonna end the
vlog off here and I will see you guys
soon with another savage video and as
always stay savage leggo
