good morning AOS kachou boy will be
welcome back tomorrow fee if you guys
haven't realized by now my hair it's
fucked again it needs a cut I'm just
driving Silvia to do a little photo
shoot for her she needs to get a photo
done about the dog with us and then I'm
going to get my hair cut Ryan has a nice
cut so I got a challenge him and get a
better haircut than this guy also I need
a fresh cut for Elly hopefully I can
find a barber in LA - because I gotta
stay fresh well down there I can't be
looking like a fucking caveman like I do
right now but yeah we're just arriving
at the location right now to take the
shots and troll Wolfie is in full effect
why is this always the location we go to
shoot guys this is always the location
nice little beautiful path fall leaves
trees greens beans peas you got it all
Wolfie don't walk in the pond this guy
walk in the puddle I always wondered how
people got the carts this far because
certain carts I mean I'm pretty sure
almost every car these days has like a
lock on the wheels that just gets
triggered once it travels a certain
distance from the store so the fact that
people got 4 5 cards here why is it 5
cards here first of all but 5 cards this
far from the store this is pretty damn
far from the store shut it to them I
mean they probably carried them part of
the way let me see if the lock is in
effect oh these are all tool cards how
do the grocery store people know how to
bring these carts back
imagine if their job was to come here
and like find missing fluffy we are
going to take you back to home sense
here you go here go to home sense sit in
the cart all right dad's gonna take you
back everything's gonna be fine buddy
let's go let's go
as I give you out of here this reminds
me of my kids are home I fucking ate it
hey everything's gonna be fine
you're good I have you come here alright
guys so your boy is freshly lined up I
got my haircut
this lady excusing me hey that's what
I'm talking about a nice fade over here
that's fresh now me and David are
picking up money because we need us
money he got money apparently his bank
can just take it out the machine I don't
know if Scotiabank can do that so I'm
gonna try it with my bank I don't think
we're as high-tech and up-to-date as
that Bank
Frostbite I am
I'm frost ice breaker Scott has mints
and gum in his car at all times here we
go I tried trolling you why is this so
much powdered yeah put these back in put
these back in there goes back in there
what the fuck man yeah holy shit yeah
get this one so guys I got home and you
can tell there was a DIY done the other
day but then I turn to my left and what
do I see hanging down from the ceiling
look at this big spider fuck the camera
never does adjust this this thing is
literally just kicking it right here
this thing oh oh my god that's running
quick Roy it sees me it's cutting look
at it go guys
look at it go you have two seconds to
run buddy oh we off flame gas Brian is
actually thinking about coming to LA
with us and he's looking at the Airbnb
right now so it's kind of got it kind of
a nice spot I mean what do you think
well it's a little over budget
yeah I don't want to spend too much red
Santiago it's over budget as hell it's
too too much spritzer well that actually
would be those we gotta find that's like
a shadow you're not like we gotta find
cool we gotta find a place that's better
no no this is perfectly right yeah the
whole squads their religion Oh slaughter
kick it and I all vandamm doing yes boys
like where's the Queen want Assad's the
poor boy yeah if you'll get your I CAS
yeah go yeah I gotta go over you don't
want this huh you don't want this heat
boy if you don't get you'll bring all
your subscribers to my channel feasts a
sunny if you don't get your everybody
subscribe to right you too sweetie
right about Hawks like I send you later
euros boy if you don't get use Jordan
haircut feeds poster looking ass out of
here boy you'll get your only EXO green
jacket H&M face if you don't get your
whole circle rack of one thi okay sighs
boy if you don't get your fucking rings
three or four shirts to the club because
you sweat off the first one to ten
minutes face s pause you don't get so if
you have anything that takes long guys
Tommy's boy if you don't get your
bootleg nigahiga face ass boy if you
don't get you kim jeong-hoon and song
out face out of here what the hell Brian
what is your hairline doing on the
window sill your hairline or is it doing
on the window sill the boy I let him
know about the feed rate guys shout out
to burrito gringo in Ottawa the best
place to eat free drinks cheers cheers
buddy look at this we're brothers so
they give us both the discount free
drinks everytime burrito Grande go you
already know guys this is Wolfie junior
goals I was like let me block that ride
whipped out his vlog cam show them that
you snake
that's patience right there are you
gonna move buddy are you moving or what
okay who's man good job rocket good boy
low fees gonna grow up to be like you
from cheese guys I need one of these we
need one of these for more Wolfie coming
soon though don't worry okay guys so we
just got to the mall we're at Rideau
Rito Center last-minute shopping before
the trip hopefully they have some summer
clothes because it's gonna be way warmer
there and it is here like as you guys
can see I'm gonna coat it's fucking cold
as hell here as we can see Marge add
bongo DJ and a natural habitat hmm men
you already know this where I get
everything
you have to be eighteen over to come in
here so DJ we're good
okay bye man guys I'm going for the
Justin Bieber look as you see I got the
shorts over the sweatpants I got my I
got my purpose to her merch on right now
get you to me this is kind of late I
might buy these guys I was about to buy
this nice wavy sweater okay yes in the
comments how much you think this is you
know the fucking brand okay
Tom Decker so you already know what it
is okay bless 340 beans not a chance yo
guys I wanted to show you this quick
hack it's all these things called selfie
fans as soon as you put it on your phone
instantly it turns into a fan
shut up tell me it doesn't instantly
turn into a fan and what's this
it's trying to go it's trying to go no
we're gonna have to move this and it
goes quicker but it's getting blocked so
what's the fourth to blow your hair no I
just to blow you and share your music
how many friends do you want to show you
basically three sure this place has the
most random shit guys I'm copying this
one t-shirt in like basically every
single color because I'm getting alright
guys so we're about to film I think a
few videos jabs gonna film a try not to
laugh challenge I have to film my part
for Ryan's video Ryan's doing taste test
yeah taste test video and I think Bongo
what are you filming I'm doing a little
taste test another taste test so we're
doing to taste tests if we can bang
these out I want to bang these out
tonight and while I'm waiting I'm gonna
be productive so we have a corner right
here well I'm on the side and everyone
else is filming their part because I
think I don't know how we're gonna film
it I know jazz we all have to do
together but I have to edit my vlog so
it might not be productive in the
basement well everyone's filming alright
guys so I got Chad's Frye hat on we are
about to shoot this is the location show
you guys what you can expect from this
video but here where's your never gone
dead are you there
Chad Bongo Brian you already know what
it is okay if I see this kind of nerf
Greg get the fuck out it Jesus Christ
David oh hello there fellow ok good
karma fuck it alright guys so
Charlotte's on my David's been trolling
all night I'm gonna let him shoot me in
the head with the fucking nerf gun
sniper okay look at this thing this
thing is no joke I'm gonna give him one
shot on my head the back of my head
though cuz that's the only way he's
gonna stop Troy okay okay guys so I'm
vote to let David shoot me in the back
of the head back in the head back of the
head you're not counting me down a that
miss fucking thank God thank God hey bro
just go oh can go your flock bro stop
flavors my emotions just shoot the
fucking bullet okay go go go go oh well
that smoked me in the neck Oh relax guys
this game irked mine accident
that's okay fucking boat holy crap
and yeah basically this is what it looks
like after we film a video we filmed one
video and this is what the basement
looks like cards everywhere this is what
we use to troll each other I was like
the closest we've done to like a classic
elbow film session which we used to do
all the time in this basement and this
is what happens every time we used to do
those in my house like there was always
a mess after each video we'd have to
spend like 20 minutes per video cleaning
up just so that the next video looked
like kind of fine to the point where it
wasn't too noticeable that there was an
absolute disaster the room 20 minutes
earlier to that but now I'm filming a
video upstairs for Barlow's channel I
was just down here editing my vlog but
I'm done now so I can film again alright
so I'm home now guys and this is the
mess that I have to look forward to to
clean up we're not leaving in one day so
tomorrow the day before we leave is an
all day grind day I gotta drop a banger
for y'all but in order to do that I need
my mind to be at rest so I need to clean
up everything today so that I don't have
to focus on it tomorrow so I'm gonna end
the vlog off there I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did please do not forget
to go down and smash that like one let's
hit 25 thousand likes away just hit the
like button I'm tired I was just chasing
Wolfie jr. around so go down smash that
like button also a huge shout out to
Jade thank you so much for the support I
see you on Twitter you are the real MVP
so I appreciate you so much and lastly
if you guys made it to the very end of
the vlog if you want to show me your
active fucking savage ass wolf femme I
want you to leave in the comments down
below
giraffe okay giraffe that's it I'm not
gonna tell you to spell it hopefully you
guys know how to spell it but that way I
know you watch the vlog to the very end
but other than that I will see you guys
soon on or Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more savage on my main channel and
as always stay savage Lego
