good morning a yo what's good at you boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy we're
starting the day off ruff I'm not gonna
lie guys I dropped a video last night
and the video was doing extremely well
so I went to sleep on it woke up this
morning and I found out the video is aid
restricted again this is definitely not
the first time this has happened to me
with YouTube if you guys have been
following my channel for a while you
guys know that YouTube's done this
probably like two or three times in the
past and every single time they do it I
never get an email letting me know what
I did wrong the video just gets eight
restricted and as soon as a video gets
aid restricted it tanks it tanks like
absolutely tanks and views so you could
be watching a video and you could see my
video in the sidebar or in the
recommended feed and that's how my video
would gain traction and people are
seeing it but as soon as it gets age
restricted its removed from there and
the video is basically just like a
fucking sitting l so I'm kind of
frustrated because like I said this is
not the first time this has happened
last time this happened I actually got
in touch with YouTube after a bit and
the video was taken down for like
promoting violent acts or something like
that from what I'm figuring now it must
have been a full fee because the thing
is in all my videos if I'm ever doing
something dangerous I explicitly say do
not attempt this do not try this I don't
know if I need to put it in big bold
letters in every single description of
all my videos and I feel like a broken
record saying this but it just sucks
when you put in so much work and then
sub boxes break or your video gets
age-restricted or you get a copyright
claim on your video so at this point
I've reached out to YouTube hopefully
we're gonna manage to fix this so last
age restriction I got was on my gum
video and yeah I'm just just as lost as
you guys that's the why that video got
age-restricted I guess it was dangerous
in some way
I guess putting a lot of gum in your
mouth is from silencers I feel like that
but it's crazy that they can just do
that and not tell you why they're doing
it so you have no idea how to fix it in
the future like you're just sitting
there like me right now left wondering
that I swear too much in the video was
it knife Wolfie did I talk about some
controversial subject was it just the
wax hand in general but then you narrow
it down because you're like no it can't
be the wax hand in general because like
multiple people have done that people
have put wax in their face mad amusement
parks do the wax hands they don't do a
hundred layers of the wax hands but they
do do the wax hands it's not dangerous
swearing I kind of want to think it was
swearing but there's absolutely no way
it can be swearing I know YouTube was
cracking down on like their policies
their guidelines but I swear a lot but
there is a lot more vulgar language used
on the website I never talk about
anything controversial in my videos so I
don't
be that so now I'm just scratching out
each reason why it could have got
age-restricted but I bitch come on how
you get a sense for young wolfy like
that I was in such a good mood when I
woke up this morning and I'm gonna stay
in a good mood because I'm all about my
positive vibes you can't let the
negative get the best of you you just
can't do that it's not gonna stop me
from having a good day at all but I just
woke up this morning and it was just
like a quick little slap to the face
like we'll feel like fuck you bro
at this point I feel like somebody
working for YouTube I don't know but I
feel like there's like one guy who's
like in charge of this age restriction
shit and he just does not rate me he
does not fuck with my channel at all and
he's just like Oh we'll be posted a
video aid restrict that's how I feel at
the moment but whatever I'm just gonna
brush it off move on with my day so
right now I am at the pharmacy so they
just picked up a package we woke up
pretty damn early this morning Sylvia
had an appointment or something like
that but there's renovation happening at
the mall so they had to cancel on that
so the day is pretty open right now we
might go grab breakfast I'm not quite
sure
so Sylvia's gonna go grab us food real
quick and while she does I'm a follow
the most active Wolfe M so I love to
follow the most active Wolfe family I
gotta show love back to the squad holy
shit all right
i missclicked Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
Bam if you guys want a follow from your
boy all you got to do is be super active
on my Twitter at Wolfie raps from now on
randomly I'm just going to go on every
day and follow the most active people
who like and retweet all my shit all the
time
quick little edit test yeah BAE's
editing their edit grind is real on guys
it is officially that day in this bag we
have something very special if you guys
remember the giveaway I got a bunch of
iPhones and a bunch of iPads in here and
I'm gonna be mailing them off today I
finally got all the winners responses so
these babies that I haven't seen in a
while we are good to be in beautiful
mailed off to the winners so congrats
again to all the winners I'm sending
your stuff out today so I don't know
when it'll be in hopefully like in a
week or so but expect your prizes soon
they're leaving here today
iPhone 7
are you ready to go to your new owner Oh
daddy I can't keep you I can't keep you
your new owners will take care of your
game I love you guys okay don't miss me
too much
don't miss me did what kind of cheese
because I don't have Silvia here to wrap
giveaway stuff for me cuz I suck at
wrapping but imma have to do it myself
wrapping paper and tape I didn't bring
my tripod with me so bear with me on
this wobbly footage this is the best
view you guys are gonna get seeing me
wrap this shit up can i balance it on
the wheel
no maybe uh maybe cut alright so that's
not gonna work
this is the best Oh have use actually
not bad tilt that up a bit yeah here we
go
less alright so the first prize that I'm
gonna be wrapping is one of the iPads
look swag as fuck got my wrapping paper
thought okay this head came undone first
tell me if you were here this would have
been done by now Mike and unwrapping the
first one I would time-lapses but this
is honestly gonna take me years so I'll
be back in 2017 so the first package is
finally wrapped it kind of looks like
shit well cutouts decent on this side
but on this side it looks like absolute
ass 50% of the tape has been used I'm
not doing too well right now two
packages down guys two packages down so
the technique I'm going for right now is
put a lot of tape up here so I don't
have to rip it with one hand while I'm
trying to wrap this take the iPad put it
in the center of this like whole roll of
damn fucking wrapping paper and then do
this fold this side over well this side
okay now that's not gonna work I'll put
it more in the center can this sheet of
wrapping paper fit let's see okay if we
do the math we fold over the big side
first so we got that that's not bad as
you guys can see this what it looks like
right now got a piece of tape this is
what we're gonna do wrap it all the way
around keep it down
now we got this side and this side left
so full this is like a two to taper so
we call it to taper there's a girl
sitting right in front of my car and I
like what the fuck is this guy doing now
we fold down this side okay this is just
a shit show at this point kind of that
kind of looks beat but this is what I do
it to fix it then we grab the tape roll
and go lengthwise around the whole thing
about
so whoever won the giveaway shout out to
you you have the honor of getting my
shitty gift wrapping skills The Crow
just moved girls walked away she's like
he's crazy one two three four five six
all done so that definitely took me
longer than expected I had to fill in
everybody's address about four times but
finally that is good now I'm going into
metro quickly to buy something when I
was sending the mail off one old dude
asked if you could fuckin enter my
giveaway to get the iPhone seven told
him it was too late but I might have
earned myself another subscriber anyways
I picked up Lucky Charms from the
grocery store because I want to use them
for something cool I ordered something
online it came in so I'm about to show
you guys the best food life hack that
you guys have ever seen in your life
okay guys so these are lucky charms we
got lucky charms and what are you
usually lucky charms out of okay
probably not a big bowl but like a
medium sized Bowl so we'll get the
regular Bowl on three I want every
single person in the wolf fam to comment
down below what you don't like about
Lucky Charms I know lucky charms are
phenomenal they're an amazing cereal but
what is one flaw with Lucky Charms I'll
wait for your response is but I'm
already gonna guess everyone saying
there's not enough charms okay there's
not enough charms let's be honest guys
we wish there was more sugar in all of
our cereal if there was like 50% more
charms and not just that bland cereal it
would be better so I ordered this online
basically these are just the charms in
Lucky Charms I've been wanting to try
this over so damn long so I'm very
excitable right now let's open this bad
boy out though oh shit
there we go opened it up look at how
many terms are in this like there one in
every like 50 pieces of these like I
don't know what to call them like brown
chunks of kind of cereal but we did bar
this is cereal hack 101 by Lucky Charms
individually and then buy these
individually these were hard to find in
Canada so I had to get them from the
states
pick them up I don't know what the
expiration date of these are do they
have an expiration date I mean they're
candy it doesn't really say on the front
it says serving size serving size eat
what serving size we're putting the ball
in okay so as you can see I have the
typical day of Lucky Charms what we're
gonna do first is open this up easy and
how much do you think we should put in a
bowl I mean like it's pretty simple this
is all we need fucking who cares what
they're asked hopefully these aren't
moldy and stale and disgusting
can we please um compare the two yeah
haha I think I left you city to fuck
this is the crunch of the actual Lucky
Charms you heard that right
hmm now this is the ripoff ones that is
what we call stale candy let's see it at
all we're actually gonna need a bunch of
this cuz I actually want to eat this
can't waste this cuz kids in Africa
could have eaten this so that's enough
regular cereal to be honest but it needs
more terms a lot more charms and I'm
talkin ill a stupid amount more terms
the dust of it almost the whole bag of
Charms 2% milk ooh
and voila that's the hack but guys
whatever you do when you order these you
have like a week to eat them don't wait
three weeks they still taste good but
they just have no crunch to them this
crunch is what I live for
okay all right guys now for a quick
taste test all marshmallows in like a
couple pieces of like the brown stuff up
because the cereal gets soggy on its own
it just tastes like I'm eating soggy
cereal which I don't mind that much I
could eat this all oh my gosh is
phenomenal but rolled um has anyone told
you you're disgusting either okay try
this at home you will not regret it but
I'm hoping Sylvia film one of her videos
for her channel I only have like an hour
to do it because at five o'clock I told
my dad I would meet him on my old house
and we would go for our last attempt at
this video that I've been trying to do
for my channel three days in the making
now my dad's gonna help me successfully
do it because he's the Science Guy I
don't know much about science I only
know much about savage wolfy jr. tell
the fans are you bored because Sylvia is
filming that's a yes
that's definitely yes we're in the
bedroom doing a scene for Sylvia's video
thank God she has her own camera here
and her own little bendy cam you already
know the gorilla part is lit yeah that's
it not silly this video you guys want to
see a bunch of stuff that you've been
doing wrong your whole life it'll be on
Sylvia's channel I don't know when it'll
be on Sylvia's channel but it will
sunday sunday this this sunday she's
dropping another banger she always drops
on Sunday now coming up you're excited
watch our show he gets when we leave
okay bye bye will feet we gotta go we
gotta go man bio fee by Wolfie see you
bro
bye he's gonna start crying in 3 2 1
no crying you're just waiting okay come
here come here Wolfie come here come
here watch this he always jumps on my
arm and then he's like when he picking
me up
that he knows so filming with Sylvia
took a little longer than expected but
it's all good
headed home now David is now back in
town so David is meeting up with me at
my old house to help film the rest of
the video so it's gonna be me David and
my dad and if we're all working together
you already know it's gonna be a banger
guys I definitely up my swag from when I
was a kid I used to wear winter boots
like this every fucking winter literally
these big ones that go up to your shins
can't wear those anymore got it what my
sweaty ones anyways we're looking for
insoles in global because David played
himself and his boots are a little too
big and here they are boys and girls the
insult and breaking the whole store the
insoles are in this bitch I need a size
19 for my feet
typical man these stories never cell 19
looks like I'm gonna have to borrow
Ronald McDonald's kicks guys I call this
shoe trick shotting how's that she good
first fucking try you're here to here
folks mighty mug trickshot video coming
soon that was discussed see that church
I was so lucky I played myself guys they
sell disgusting walks in this home sense
place right by my house why did I need
to go to that place it was so far and
this is like the same walk I think this
might have been the walk to be honest oh
I'm breaking things over here let's put
this back so I found a wavy cool guys I
want you to leave the comment down below
hit the like button if you fuck with it
let's see it
all my gosh okay where is that Silvius
Oh
you know what you put in the wash once I
think I'll fit it fits yeah it's no look
mm-hmm wait where's your belly button
here that's a good guys I found these in
they're only $8 party masks imagine what
I would look like with this I want to
see what I look like with long hair so
I'm gonna caught this just because and
I'll bring it to the elbow house and see
what we all look like with these
different faces on I showed you this
black guy DJ gets this one David can
have this guy guys you never know you're
gonna find in a clothing shop this place
yeah it's a clothing shop but look we
got a random thing here the Black Series
ten piece outdoor slingshot set I would
call like and jumbo plane cards what the
hell these are instant coffee look how
big the king is
bigger than David's head it's bigger
than David's body guys my brothers in
town oh shut up to him yeah yeah yeah
let's whip up his computer
this guy was editing his thumb nail this
guy was editing his thumbnail on YouTube
thumbnail I just respect Photoshop like
that again I had to whip up my vlog
camera just to tell them what do you do
it if you guys aren't up-and-coming
youtuber just please please use
Photoshop please use I picky PicMonkey
something is it YouTube editor cuz
Ryan's cameras about to die he doesn't
have a second battery wish I told you
guys if you're vlogging you need two
batteries at all times because one
always runs out if you answer this
question I'll give you my spare battery
easy what's the topic what is it what's
it on I'm just gonna Google hardest
questions no no give me a wolfy wolfy
laughs trivia no no first comment okay
bless I'll give you a wolf exe copyright
now I'll give you wolfy raps trivia guys
play along if you're at home see if you
know the answer to this get the buzz in
you can't just okay the buzz
what's your buzzing word Oh word like
you got to make a sound or some shit yo
eat that's a Shawnee
that's a Shawn yeah so my voice ah okay
name the vlog home games oh okay
name the vlog on my channel on more
wolfy that hit 1.5 million boe 1.5
million arm hurry L good cut my eye this
came up this came out of my ear know it
Kate it just in the past like month ok
my giant is here yet coca-cola taste
this
now that's at 900k 1.5 million okay in
the ring hey strawberry colorblind that
is at 1.4 million that is fucking close
question breakup prank on my girl like
you're like okay I'm you is finding an
easier question rip this out of my toe
what did I rip out of my toe I listen yo
right I watched 15 minutes to this guy
pulling yeah where did I pull it out oh
here tiger your big toes here
you ready yeah just watching a whole
movie you made for my video your mom was
like I didn't make fun of your pee
I said shots they're people hug okay you
get the battery Hey so guys I'm going to
try on one of these masks right now I
got the black one right here there's no
agent so I as an old man you can take
the old man give me these glasses put on
the back of it at the end of the day
guys
I kind of look like my brothers act
right now ho oh my god oh and hello if
you like this hot on me that's actually
like grade 11 Zach Davy it's kind of
like speak kind of old my looks real
good
yo DJ grade 11 Zach oh actually look
Archie we're telling me to get my hair
cut by your burger like Ryan is the
street hair line let's go what else
having that cut believe it's 20 bucks
about it I okay that's a shame I was
carry hundreds Harry Styles oh my god
it's a hey we're zine hey wolfy you're
coming with me
your mommy's gonna film guys we made a
stop here because my internet savage and
dad needs help load a video so gotta
help the squad Oh a quick two-minute
upload time his house is like 47 and a
half hours so we had to do it here but
now I'm gonna go finish the DIY video
that I've been working on not vio I kind
of II I live with my dad for like the
past three nights it's good to go the
last step I'm excited
one drink of water oh there's trouble in
it does anybody want water in there no
yeah you want to underneath them drink
your water
I'm good I want you to boom the last
better you did look it's literally just
water just drink your water or just
drink the water I love you let me see -
buddy thanks so much just drink the
water drink your water oh yeah yeah shut
your lips what me what vinegar it's not
vinegar Nick it's not vinegar braless
Bryce the lamas you of my life it's our
vinegar it's not vinegar I promise you
that malt vinegar
no no no no no type of vinegar take a
sip and tell me what it is so little -
just take a small sip no he's not taking
it he's nothing he's magic hot sauce
taught us clear hot sauce all drink hot
sauce
nothing water boiling water - only all
the hot sauce I should have known I
watched our bro
what the hell is that clear hard to look
like is it just literally a hot sauce
that it's just easy politician it's just
heat
hi YouTube calm sauce it's your boy I
want to try this just because it's like
a Lincoln bottom a clear road I'm
telling you it's weird and it goes like
it feels like it's a different type of
high cuz it's not like spicy to sell it
it's just Heat feel it in your chest
roof
Lincoln miles different than the other
cooking oh oh yeah oh yeah yeah that's
good flip back not deadly honestly god
that's like a kid just weird yeah my
brain is it doesn't register that all
right guys I am home now and I am
exhausted Sylvia just warming up some
pizza over there wolfy Junior's playing
with this toy but i'ma go to bed I
figured out the reason why I'm so
exhausted it was subway sub day today
which means if you buy a sub and a drink
you get a second sub free I think it's
one day in the year which is insane so
when I was in subway there was so many
people so I got the most expensive sub
so I can get the bang for my buck 8 2
foot long subs I was gonna save one for
later but after the first one ID anyone
feel fazed so I ate two foot lots of ups
now I'm exhausted so I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did do not
forget to go and smash the like button
let's hit 25k wolf fam let's get it go
smash the like button if you haven't
already also treadeth to Stephanie I see
you on Instagram showing mad love so you
are the real MVP for today but if you
guys made it this far in today's vlog I
want you guys to comment down below
Pizza game comment Pizza game and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage on my
main channel and as always actually
click over there and over there if you
want to subscribe to me and watch my
latest upload I mean I'm testing out
these new fucking in slate so I forget
where I was I'll do that again stay a
little more savage than I mentioned and
as always stay savage let go
