good morning a wizkid a super wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy another day
another dollar a moron another supply it
run it's very early in the morning my
eyes aren't even fully open but we are
on route to get shit the Halloween Isle
is cleared out for Christmas are at what
okay I'm down random water bottle just
sitting here I am the one the first
fucking shots so I need vinegar for my
video but honestly I don't know if I
trust the dollar am i vinegar so
apparently we have some but I'm gonna go
hit up the actual grocery store so I can
make sure that what I'm about to do
works because it's crucial that I have
the best of everything
so that works flawlessly if I don't and
I get the rip-off brand I don't think
it's gonna work so I'm kind of cheesed I
mean the brands kind of blessed on but I
don't know if it's lie on to me and say
it's a good brand also I don't know how
I feel about hummus not being in the
fridge so that's definitely a little bit
of a problem for me that's a red flag in
my books so I'm gonna have to pass on
the hummus now apparently you are we eat
and Sean says I look like a peanut so
toss them in the bag in the car not the
bag this is definitely not big parrot
toss them in the cart guys comment down
below your favorite color purple pink
silver or black I'm deciding which one I
should get for my locker now that I'm in
grade 7 now I need a new locker swag so
I don't know which one to get but I'm
really feeling the pink right now so
comment here favorite color below and
I'll get it from does anyone remember
Bionicle this stuff used to be lit as
fuck and they're selling here
no I'm neither gonna get Bionicle the
legend reborn or this is kind of lit to
be honest imagine party baby god damn
this is fucking lit where the baking
soda at as a member on that song so
fucking love and unload with the whole
fun fact of the day baking powder is not
baking soda
I know commonly misconstrued as
so that it's not they're different
things this is what I'm talking about
guys know yeah so very in a hurry
cuz we got a beast quick we got your
obvious quick AB useful but you were
ain't new pants today because that asked
looking chunky but I'm about to spring a
leak yo can you ask your mom if I can
come over later
can you ask you if it's cool stripper is
this coolest with her how does a reach
that was definitely read you better do
as I say on my command on my command she
better do what I say cuz I'm pretty
fucking charming don't even start me on
these damn puns
your boy is too nice but sometimes you
know sometimes when I'm soft wolfy I can
be a little ultra soft but there's not
much soft wool for you my hair fuck it
myself
we only live luxury okay cashmere
looking at royal looking okay Royal
that's what we live but I'm done talking
cuz you know I'm not trying to reveal
too many secrets so this is how you know
my DIYs are serious guys I bought
another sharp exacto knife that says
precise cutting control because I've
broken so many doing like DIY dummy shit
but honestly we just need a sharp one so
I threw it everyone we had yesterday and
I bought a nice one right here gonna be
in there also had to buy some measuring
teaspoons and tablespoons because you
already know when you're doing DIYs and
shit you gotta get the exact percentage
measurements even though I tend to throw
shit in a pot and not measure it I'm
doing something today that involves such
precise measurements but if I don't use
that it's a flop so I got a pack away
everything as fast as possible I was
just laying with Walter jr. for 15
minutes but now I'm on a tight schedule
Sylvia is in a film I'm gonna go back to
my old house to film my mom's gonna be
on the camera so if anything fuck's up
it's her fault
and then I gotta take my mom to that car
place to go get her tires
qnn before me so hers already I'm
supposed to get a call today but I still
haven't got one so I don't know what's
going on with that winter is basically
here and I still have my snow tires
this weather is depressing me guys it's
not even 4:00 p.m. yet and it's already
getting dark outside and to add on to
the bad weather it's like slowly
starting to pick up on rain you can see
it on the front of the window just
cheesy me like the weather here is so
wishy-washy like a couple days ago with
snowing and now it's raining and now
there's no more snow on the ground I
just need to get out of here alright
everything is just about set up for the
video I'm about to shoot my mom just ran
upstairs she's about to come film but in
the meantime I'm gonna try this warheads
candy cane because why
I already broke it so this is all that's
left of it pretty much it all fell apart
when I was opening it and now it's in
the garbage in like multiple pieces so I
guess we only have a little bit to taste
I'm butchie's at this hat without camera
but whatever mmm oh my god that's so
fucking good guys this is new and sour
at all even when you buy it
okay it's a little more sour okay that
sneaks up
that's pretty fucking sour that's really
good though like it doesn't even taste
like warheads this honestly might be the
Orange Crush candy canes and I'm like
obsessed with mmm this is bomb so I was
thinking forever to come back to shoot
this video but I found water bottles and
you know what it is your boy is the
water bottle trickshot God so you might
as well just all right one that's what I
thought that's what I thought and a
quick little that's what I thought
number two three in a row don't even
look alright like I was saying three in
a row i'ma hit one on the table for good
luck if I land this then the video is
gonna be successful shit like I was
saying all right so we're taking a break
and going to get more supplies for this
video cuz it was like kind of successful
kind of not successful tried to Sylvia
guys whatever you do do not go and like
Sylvia's last Instagram picture is
garbage absolute terrible pic because
she's a snake and she just been sitting
here not helping me Mom you gotta tell
the blog don't what no tell the dog we
were you mad after I yelled at you for
my splinter what alright she's cheating
she savage guys you need to know what
you need to know the kind of
relationship because I saw a lot of
comments in the last vlog my people were
like oh you need to treat your mom
better Wolfie don't be a dick bla bla
she's just trying to help all that stuff
guys just kick it like me and my mom are
like best friends I talk to my mama I
talk to my best friend's my mom could be
a savage to me sometimes that's that's
just the way we work I wasn't being an
asshole to my mom okay
my mom just like Silvia kind of has like
an addiction to like picking pimples and
like picking scabs that aren't hers she
wanted to get that splinter out of my
foot okay I overreacted weird whatever I
don't care I don't give a shit if you
would fucking yell - okay we found it so
hilarious like he was getting so worked
up about it
yeah but clearly I was just acting that
was acting wolfy you met a new wolfy
last night
just everyone take a fucking chill pill
so he's not mad okay my mom's not mad
everyone just needs to love each other
that's like 2016 man it's all about love
just affection and just so you guys know
below the supply shopping when you're
going supply shopping you want to see
let me join us on sidewalk here stuff
that I was talking about the / vinegar
the cat stuff yeah which ones on sale so
we see that ññ vinegar white CP and
then means no name I'm guessing uh-huh
that one is 279 this one's 329 so as you
guys can see these are unique very
lasted a long time for me this is
fucking so hard so we just got to know
David I don't know if you watch these
vlogs but bro shut it to you for
sriracha we are actually out of sriracha
thank God we're here because can you
grab that there's only one left only one
left eye shadow - tipsy Sylvia on the
camera rocking bear she likes shaky
vlogs I filmed a little time on my
channel and I got a little bit too lit
well film it so subscribe guys I wanted
to be good diet wolfy I was in need of
food there was no food that was just
instant at my house to make so I was
like you know I'll just go to Wendy's
because I can get my salad nice chicken
Caesar salad it's dope and God must be
against me right now because look at
this to get into Wendy's you need to go
through here and the road is heavily
closed like there how is the cars in
there I'm gonna have to go all the way
around go over the curb become literally
ya know now I have to go to the secret
entrance a lot of people don't know
about the secret entrance
well look at this this is a hack so guys
look see this white guy walking the sign
basically I gotta wait on this green
light but I don't like to wait so here's
a hack you got a backup then you're
gonna drive up here
pay attention to the weight okay now
it's traffic
oh no no they're turning we're chillin
look at this and let's see if I can beat
the light we're beating the light this
is called a u-turn for all you people
that don't know how to drive u-turn oh
fuck the signs beeping we got to make it
to that green you please we gotta make
you a complete shape though and we are
now so we shaved off essentially three
seconds but no time because we have to
wait this happened he played himself you
can't even turn into the secret way that
he supposedly okay so now we had a green
light here okay yeah what's the next
hack you've officially added on six
minutes to it so now we gotta wait till
this this light turns green and then
we're gonna u-turn lifehack going to
drive through backwards so you get your
food before you pay guys Wendy's is
closed due to maintenance you know
there's people in the building didn't
quite understand what the guy said but
what could play myself Wendy's is the
last time you'll ever hear from me never
coming back looks like we're just gonna
have to get a double date back combo so
guys I got some bad news
basically I don't think the DIY is gonna
be successful in one day this is gonna
be another one of those days where I
have to do multiple days of shooting
just praying that it works the way I
want it to work but I will keep doing it
until it works properly and tomorrow's
an edit day so we'll see how fast I can
get that video done because I really
want to come back and I can work on this
please just please if the hot gods are
listening to me just help me out let me
do this guy's
it's all over never do it in DIY this
kitchen again come here
bad luck haunts me you mess up their
kitchen just I'm telling you get
even though the I want daddy to help me
hi guys so I'm back home now kind of sad
about that failed DIY but I am so
exhausted for the past like nine hours
I've been trying to do one video I've
had this happened before and honestly I
feel like I'm starting to get sick just
because of how long I've been filming
for and how long I've been working
straight so I will go to bed now I need
rest my back has been hurting so I'm
gonna sleep on the floor today just
straight up on my back hopefully that
solves it but before I end the vlog I
wanted to shout out Noah thank you for
all your support I see you on Twitter
dog don't think I don't see you the
support is greatly appreciated so shout
out to you also if you enjoyed the vlog
do not forget to go down and smash the
like button let's hit 25 thousand likes
wolf am you already know what it is if
you're an active wolf fam if you're
loyal wolf em you would have already hit
that like button so I trust you guys
also if you made it to the very end of
blog I want you to comment something
down below so I know you made it to the
very end because a lot of people have
been saying Wolfie you forgot to show
someone on the vlog I didn't fucking
forget to show a new one out in the blog
you guys didn't watch to the very end of
the vlog but yeah comment down below I'm
the most loyal wolf fam comment that
down below so I know you guys are loyal
but I better see a billion of those in
the comments I'm the most loyal wolf em
anyways again I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage leggo
