good morning AOS village boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie happy
Halloween to everyone out there the boy
is just about to film a video I'm just
waiting for Sylvia to come back so she
can film it she's doing like a facial or
something right now hopefully she
doesn't forget the supplies I need for
my video otherwise I won't be able to
film it but this is the first Halloween
where I honestly don't know what I'm
doing every single year I always dress
up I always go hard last year I was
Drake the costume was unreal
that was a fun time but the place that I
was supposed to go to last year like the
party we ended up last second decided to
stay in me and Sylvia so this year don't
have any plans at all literally I
haven't even picked out a costume I
don't know what I'm doing I'm kind of
cheese because I'm not used to this but
maybe there'll be like a dope last
second costume we can throw together so
my video supplies are in got something
over there and the main ingredient right
here is the ice cubes okay so we are
ready to shoot we're shooting a video
for my channel and Sylvia's channel
today so it's about to be a banger and I
had to buy these ice cubes because we
had these little ice cube makers but why
I have those when you can have just like
instant ice and all have patience so
instant ice is what I need also Sylvia's
birthday cake has been sitting in our
freezer and I think it's freezer punch
so this has got to go guys you already
know after a wolfie video this is what
you see see a bunch of in the sink
you see a hammer randomly in the sink
cocoa butter on the friggin counter
handle going over there some toothpicks
basically you never know what to expect
after I shoot a video so got more
in here we gotta clean a lot of stuff on
the counter that's gonna be fun Wolfie
keeps following me wherever I go so I
put him in his bed over there and then
he just came right back in between my
legs
whoopee hey hey buddy this wants to be
around everybody anyways my video went
successful I'm happy about it we're
gonna shoot another video for Sylvia's
channel in a bit but before that I think
I'm gonna go to the store and buy that
walk or at least check it from our
houses and I have a bunch of packages
that I gotta go pick up my mom's house
she called me and she's like we have 140
of X product that you need to come pick
up they showed up for you today so I'm
getting the hose I'm excited about that
because that means another trickshot
video is coming up if you guys know what
trick shot video I'm talking about
comment that down below I owe you guys
one after one of the videos I dropped so
if you guys know which product I'm
getting and which trick shot video it is
leave it in the comments below I want to
see if you guys know all the loyal wolf
should know that answer okay guys so I
might have played myself when I said I
was gonna bring this home if you
guys didn't guess by now my tea mug is
here a lot of money mugs like ridiculous
amounts of my tea mugs to the point
where let's see yeah it's honestly this
it's not gonna fly I guess so I'm just
gonna put it in the side room and then
I'm gonna have to pick it up and bring
it with me while I go film but right now
is this gonna take up too much space in
my car so I'm just gonna push it so it's
not taking up too much space in the
house right there and do the same with
box number two holy crap there's so much
money mugs I've never seen so much Oh
balance it there which is definitely not
a safe place to put it away don't ever
get that many many bugs okay guys that's
just too many maybe a hundred too many
who knows but who's counting now I gotta
call my mom and tell her I'm leaving
them here even though she calls me and
she's like yeah oh there's my tea mugs
you got to get them you know what you
want I have to leave the my Tia mugs at
your house okay I just put them in the
side room cuz I can't like they're just
too heavy yeah well I know how so until
I film the video I'll try and film it
soon but I gotta leave it there
sure okay bye alright she's not even mad
so I was just driving and I saw this
crazy decorated house for Halloween and
I got me thinking cuz it's 4:30 p.m.
right now but I want to know when you
guys went trick-or-treating if I
remember correctly when I used to go is
like maybe eight or nine o'clock maybe
it was earlier than that and maybe I was
just really little so I don't remember
but I just saw two kids pretty much just
walking down the street already
trick-or-treating it's 4:30 they're
probably gonna be done before it even
gets dark outside
it was low-key that you just think I've
ever seen though and I was the
pillowcase type yo I used to fill up
like literally two to three pillowcases
like I would fill up one go home
go back fill up another and I see some
kids only with like these little
pumpkins to hold their candies and they
don't even fill it up and they call it a
night like my Halloween candy would last
me until Christmas sometimes so I asked
my mom ago where to get a walk and she
said don't get it from Walmart said this
paradise place it's called like chef's
paradise or some like that but they
actually sell like really really really
good quality stuff so I'm headed there
now I don't know exactly where it is I'm
gonna have to find I think it might be
just past these lights we found it
chefs paradise entrance on the side
please don't be like six hundred bucks
talk about pot selection oh my god then
one of these for deep-frying things but
I think this is the one I'm gonna go
with nice simple walk this one's huge it
has a lid with it too and then there's a
one handle this one's a to handle talk
about a strainer look at the strainer
this is so dope oh my god this
cone-shaped strainer jeez and bigger
ones these goggles are meant for when
you're chopping up onions so you don't
cry and the onion holder you know you're
in a kitchen store when they literally
sell chef outfits they sell the chef's
outfits they sell the chef's hats
I've been literally surprised every
single thing I've seen in the store they
had everything but I think gonna go with
the two-handed walk 25% off let's get it
I'm honestly still in shock about how
many things I didn't even know existed
but we're actually real life things in
that damn store anything that you can
think of that would make your life
easier at anyway in the kitchen they
have it now to show Sylvia the walk that
was probably too expensive for what we
need guys look at this Hamburger Helper
you're asking where the ground beefs
going is the first meal Sylvia's first
cooked meal ever
she made Hamburger Helper but she had a
look at the instructions for this is it
good
I'll let the chef know delicious I'm
about to dig in
woopie movie coming Maya soon as the
camera turns on your line you're just
hugging me that's what I'm talking about
good boy right you can't oh oh oh
my god Joe
Jill like what is that yeah you're gonna
try and fight okay mom you think your
walks better than mine with your broken
arms then what is this giant thing that
I just bought for the house no more this
whack pan we got this and got more
stuffing I didn't get a
here can you move this dish mat this
whack dish mat we need a black one that
matches the frigging house come on what
is this genie we're using a frigging
what is that
yeah whatever we're using one of those
dish cloths as a dish match but now we
got a dish drying mat XL scuse me pardon
me
hold up yeah yeah it's just that this is
matsan so now this can sit this way we
can have room and we can have cups and
stuff like they're like this is just
plates cups and everything go there boom
upgrading the house and last but not
least what I even get oh yeah I got
garbage bags that perfectly fit our
garbage apparently like we got a simple
human garbage right yeah how do I tell
you these fit perfectly guys look at
these bags like what the hell is this
like why is it hanging out so beep this
one's not thank you oh
this is room for the like kitchen ones
isn't is it
maybe it's very small guys we might have
played ourselves bought I up hey
guys this is a flop of the day it looks
the same
I thought the simple human garbage we
had was the one in the bathroom instead
of the one in the kitchen so they had
bigger ones out of the store that I
could have got that would have hit
perfect but up so guys we may
have broken our dishwasher basically all
the stuff for the video I filmed earlier
we put in the dishwasher and we thought
it was but as you guys can see there's
mad wax on the bottom of the dishwasher
there's a film over it and there's like
a film over everything like everything
feels waxy it's disgusting so all the
stuff we put in the dishwasher that
didn't even have wax on it is now waxy
as hell so we're looking at different
solutions I just called my mom to see if
she knew how to like get it off and
there's not really any good solutions
except for scrubbing it until the wax
comes off because it needs the heat up
so you got to use hot water and soap and
just rub rub rub but my mom just called
back and she said that we can put the
stuff back in the dishwasher as long as
we have the water on the highest setting
so my house has like super hot water
running in it so basically we're going
to put the dishwasher on like three
times back-to-back with some vinegar and
salt in there and apparently it should
I don't know clean it out we got most of
it off of the dishes yeah I got most of
it but then just spread it around it it
there's a film of it everywhere it's so
gross this white and right there
it's so disgusting I just cleaned one
pot this little one and it took me 10
minutes but it's sparkly clean so now we
have a bigger pot a bigger pot and now
nothing you walk the walk is blessed but
look how dope that looks right there
this is kinetic sand
I ordered the stuff like two weeks ago
and never got a chance to play with it
yet so I'm about to play with it
apparently this never dries out it
sticks to itself but not to you like
what how does that make sense so here it
is coming out of the package guys it
just looks like regular sand right well
it kind of falls weird all right let's
see how this feels
say word barely any sand is getting
stuck to me guys and what can I do with
it
what oh no it's getting stuck to me why
is it lying apparently you can cut this
sand in half but with regular sand you
can't really do that really clean I
guess grab a knife and let's see what we
got here
oh my god why is that the smoothest cut
I've ever felt in my life
and then you can push this whole half of
sand to a site and then this one shows
here legit you can pocket pull it shape
it and love it okay so here's what I'm
gonna try and do I'm gonna try and fill
up this coke bottle with this kinetic
sand and then cut open the coke bottle
and then hope to god that the kinetic
sand keeps the shape of the coke bottle
then I'm gonna put this around the
kinetic sand and it's gonna look like a
coke bottle so we'll just try it out so
just start but shoving it in we're
probably gonna need to use both of the
tacks of kinetic sand that I bought so
guys it's almost fully packed inside the
coke bottle but you have to really shove
it in there because if you wanted to
keep its shape there can be literally no
air it has to be all kinetic sand though
the sand is filled to the very brim now
and as you guys can see I cannot push it
down anymore it will not go down any
more so we're gonna put the lid on now
okay so I got the exacto knife in here
and I've cut almost to the very bottom
you got to be careful with this guys
this knife is sharp as hell
oh it's keeping the shape kind of oh no
come on all right
come on at this point guys I played
myself by not cutting it the full way
through so we're gonna try and back back
step a bit okay so that idea was a flop
we're moving on to the next idea luckily
about two bottles the second idea I'm
gonna pre-cut the bottle into three
separate pieces and then try and mold it
together okay so now we have the three
separate pieces right here one two and
three now we got to lay them down so
that it looks like a coke bottle so we
got to take out this one which is not
working already
maybe we can like pack it together a bit
so that it still looks like a coke well
it does not want to stay together I
don't know if I bought like the shitty
kinetic sand but I've seen videos where
this stuff just stays together
what kinetic sand are these people on
the internet using this falls apart
instantly does this work okay
that one actually works why does that
one work okay guys so this is the best I
could do I completely cut the bottle in
half and this is all I could come up
with I mean when you look up YouTube
videos you expect it to be way more
stable but it's like it's so flimsy like
watch I touch it okay nevermind before
was up but like okay see what I
mean like it just you touch it take this
off okay that's super satisfying to
watch but you touch it in it completely
falls apart like look at the squishiness
this dishwasher has been going for like
two and a half hours straight we put it
on the heavy wash option like the most
insane one this wax that I was using
earlier just doesn't wanna come
off the question is our kids still
trick-or-treating not that I see I don't
see any kids trick-or-treating but
Silvia and wolfy jr. are now officially
passed out on the couch Leah boy is
exhausted as I just spent the last
40 minutes researching this dope idea
that I wanted to try out it's an idea
that I'm definitely gonna have to do in
my old house because that is the zone
where stuff like that works this DIY
kitchen is amazing don't get me wrong I
love this kitchen too but with that
video idea it's gotta be done in the old
house because it's an absolute
banger and I owe it to that location so
bright and early tomorrow morning both
me and Silvia are gonna go supply
shopping I feel like I do that every
second day with me you guys should know
everything needs to be done as soon as
possible like once I think of something
it needs to be done within like two days
maximum otherwise my anxiety starts to
build up and I'm like
and I done it web and I done it so even
though I filmed a video today I want to
film that video tomorrow I'm trying to
have a bunch of videos under my belt
before I go to LA because I want to drop
some quality content when I'm down there
and I'm thinking about daily vlogging
while I'm in LA I know I'm gonna be
really busy but we'll see how I can make
it work because there's gonna be a lot
of cool a lot of different
locations a lot of cool people I'm gonna
meet way cooler than Ottawa and both you
and I can use a break from my Ottawa
life I want to get out and explore the
world meet some new people and I feel
like LA is gonna be the perfect
opportunity for that so I'm
pumped Silvia's not as pumped as me I
mean he's passed out but I'm pumped but
I'm gonna in the vlog off there because
I gotta get up early so I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did don't forget to smash
that like button let's hit 25,000 likes
war famine if we hit 25,000 likes this
dishwasher is going to work in all the
wax from the dishes that I absolutely
destroyed it's gonna be gone when I open
it tomorrow so go down smash that like
button awful if he made it to the very
end of the vlog I want you guys to
comment something down below so I know
you're loyal and you made it to the very
end so comment down below you're lucky
this time Sylvia comment you're lucky
this time Sylvia because honestly I'm
feeling nice today and I don't think I'm
gonna prank her while she's asleep so
you are lucky this time Sylvia okay okay
blast we're on the same thing oh and by
the way
shut up - Steph thank you for the
support and I will see you guys soon on
mobile V where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage leggo
