whatever whatever anything you want to
get it yeah Wolfie well if you say it
against okay say it say hey Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie guys today
is another lovely vlog as you guys can
see your boy is up and Adam up and Adam
and up with Adam I don't know how does
it feel to be back in the vlogs
did you miss the wolf am you miss the
wolf am yeah this guy's been riding the
hoverboard oh you're making your own
videos too
yeah you got a couple thousand
subscribers no big deal he's been riding
my hoverboard since we got it I'm
thinking about one today
buy anything you want Sean this guy
loves it you're Adam how would you feel
if you got a hoverboard today your own
hoverboard okay I'm not let me see the
merch all day I'm not saying we're gonna
get you on but we might get you one
we'll see if the wolf am flash the like
button we will get you a hoverboard
I said 35,000 Lakes so tell them to
smash like but yeah smash the like
button guys we're starting the vlog off
I also I'm getting my hair redone today
I have not been wearing the do-rag as
much as I need to be so the twists are
starting to come out so we're gonna get
it re twisted so I'm gonna look like
full-on Hedgehog porcupine Wolfie Wolfie
what's good bro you're not getting
attention out of today I'm sorry I love
you sit good boy Prince hates me this
morning even though he slept with me
last night it is still snowing in here
beautiful and the dogs are peeing great
I hope you guys are having an amazing
day if you're watching this vlog put a
damn smile on your face there's so much
to be happy about in life even if you
had a bad day yesterday push through it
today is gonna be amazing day
just as dancing with about six year old
dancing with a dog on a hoverboard it's
a great day look at the breakfast with
Adam tell me what you're telling me off
camera tell me everything you're on
camera now so watch what you say
whoa and now you're shy okay the camera
comes on and Adam just puts his announce
that's drying what are you saying what
were you saying off-camera
okay I'm not that not bad about that
what are you saying about just how smart
you are 24800 in something I'm with the
smartest kid in all of Canada guys can I
get a pic Adams waiting on his pancakes
but I'll wait for him because I'm
actually a good friend so okay guys so
after breakfast we got a special place
to go it's a surprise okay your
hoverboard lesson
but guys I shaved my beard this morning
in my mustache and my whole face is like
an agonizing pain for some reason I
think I'm gonna get razor bumps but we
have a special location to go if Adam
can guess a question right then we'll go
there if not then we're gonna turn
around and go home right now Adam you're
good at math right yeah okay you have
ten seconds to answer this question if
you get it right we'll go to the special
place I'm not gonna tell you what is 46
plus 18 starting now
I got the answer in my head Oh 64 64 64
did your mom tell you that yeah the
pressure definitely put them there okay
so I don't got it right now we're going
to the special place
the atom what does Astley need to do I
need take the statistic the exactly your
old okay guys today is a day literally
yesterday was a huge accomplishment for
me I hit two million followers on
Instagram you guys already know what it
is I could not have done it without you
guys
shout out to all my wolf Pam follow me
on Instagram if you don't already know
because Sylvia Gani I'll put hers up on
the screen too but more importantly
swiped out all the way follow me
wolfy on Instagram that's it like all my
pics I'm gonna be doing a huge follow
spree and DM spree minimum 100 people
I'm damning I would not be where I am
without you guys so right now we are at
Party City I'm gonna pick up some
balloons because you guys know for any
big accomplishment I got to pick up one
mil balloons I got to pick up a hundred
photos on Instagram like I did and right
now I'm going to pick up to em because I
hit 2 million don't know what color I'm
gonna get yet but huge accomplishment so
you guys already know what it is follow
three let's stay away from rainbow red
so as soon as that photo comes out which
it should be out right now guys if you
want to follow and if you want to DM go
to that photo
Bama with likes and comment the three
flame emojis if you guys do that then I
will be mu and I will follow you because
like I said it's all you guys it's not
me I just take wavy pics thumbs you're
out of your age you me minecraft hey
star R star Judy - no five nights at
Freddy's
better for you are you wearing no
mascara is that your natural that's not
like you're literally a so many cool
things here Adam are you kidding me what
are you doing bro no you just do this
till the first thing so we'll be pushing
this who's this
this guy what you don't know him do you
know him
okay you got spider-man in the Hulk you
don't know this guy
I am who's this oh he's a bod mod so
guys we decided on the color it's gonna
be a gold ping because looking back at
all my pictures gold seems to be my
favorite color look at how we these are
little ting and as you guys can see I
really like gold
so we're home with gold alright do you
know what your surprises like bigger
than two of these together okay wow
you're ungrateful no no I tricked you
it's actually at 35,000 like so left
by anything from our challenge why do
you want don't have an iPhone next but
stay right there I'll bring it to you
let's go in the aisle all right I got it
it's black I think it's black yeah you
want to get it yeah you want to get it
yeah okay we'll get it we've you know
it's heavy it's so heavy watch out
you're gonna break it I'll carry it for
you mmm that's good enough I'll take it
here Adam I'm gonna have this dinner a
little gift I'll buy you that 2017 did
you dab no he didn't what has the
Internet done okay okay guys my
hairdresser is shy but I'm back at the
salon and like I took out the twist
because me and Sylvia apparently messed
it up by adding too much wax so we're
gonna redo the process this time I'm not
gonna forget to do regs I'm not gonna
forget the shower caps and I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna touch it I'm not gonna
touch it and we'll see what happens but
you guys will see an update in three two
one after with the fade god damn I'm
sexy Shh Adams mom doesn't want him to
get any junk food so what are we gonna
do getting one of everything
just buy everything you want Candis is
she okay
I like these we're stocking up too
because like a lot of over I have to
have the right candy for them it's not
for me I'm on a diet now do you what
starburst
wine gums that's definitely you
definitely can't have any of that these
are amazing high key words Macintosh
truck I love reasons I feel like there's
our old man candy over 65 and have gray
hair you don't like it
nibs are we found something in his ear
what are those ones up here they say
your oh do I want cuz you're not eating
anything do that fuzzy teach me you did
not old
yes fuzzy peaches okay let's go to the
toy section and see what's gone Mike and
Ikes
well sorry you'll get those packages
cherry blossoms are weird now let's go
see the chocolate oh my god that's just
the candy section these are amazing Adam
oh I know you love the the Hershey's
dips Oh Adam I know you love these buy
what you want okay where the jalapeno he
actually does like jalapenos oh there's
one bag oh good we clearly see literally
as a kid growing up my mom is watching
this crazy because literally when I was
a kid I was growing up we would never
like my mom would never buy chip bags
never buy dunkaroos like any unhealthy
we would never have those snacks so I'd
always have to go to my friends to like
if I even wanted a can of coke I'd have
to go to my friends cut that out right
now
no lased original chips that's all I
raised them right I didn't pick whatever
sway you want uh whatever whatever
anything okay like Christmas - did that
no bro what are you getting with all
this yeah all this stuff that's all
these burrito with
where she blah blah blah mayonnaise
we're back boys chill out wolf and now
we have two people on hoverboards what
well yo Adam said he would trade me the
black one for the white one and I
actually like the black one better so we
both got something out of today
Silvia didn't know how to ride it now
she's a wizard at it don't crash and now
Adams actually ridiculously good
attitude do your spin who can do a spin
the fastest without falling
okay don't follow oh okay okay okay okay
okay
Wolfie Prince is left out actually no
Adams you gravity might kill you do boy
come on
spoiled oh my god shout out to Sylvia's
mom for the friggin chicken alfredo with
the cheese and I got extra chicken whoa
I know you're hungry but this is my food
time for dinner again a shout-out go
like my Instagram pick this one for two
mill way via speck ever this is the fit
what do we have here it's a creamier
fight before I go to the boy yeah you
can't even shoot people with that you
can't even see it it goes so fast hold
on guys look at how fast this goes watch
this off the ground watch the height
three two one you can't see it alright
it's too fast go try and shoot that bag
on on top of the fence
sniper alert those things are best I
know they're all gone
so you bought all those stories for
yourself what another for Adam sure keep
playing
you can't shoot that one a people out of
its just wrong where's nerf gun of the
year this is so Dukey no no you're not a
my eyes are yeah this one didn't come
out swag you my guys I just got to the
boys house I left my house for a bit
Sylvia is editing Adams watching movie
her mom's cleaning the house I was like
yo I need to go see what my boys are
saying today especially because I know
Ryan updated or didn't update everything
is fully done and you guys have been
with us from the very beginning of the
process of like getting a gaming room so
this guy can get into 2k live streams my
hair is looking fresh I think I think
Ryan's downstairs Oz so hold up there
are you ready for the tour guys like I
think you actually like you scream me
already
are you good no no this actually lit the
lighting the lighting on your robe tell
me how I picked oh this actually this is
bongos with where's Marcos somewhere
down here that this guy's got color how
does it feel to like not to have on a
MacBook for once well I it's kind of
weighted idiots yeah it's weird right
Ryan's computer right here this is the
widescreen you know I need to get other
people they goes from here to here what
do you mean oh how that you put to do
what you don't need a cable so you yeah
you don't need a cable yeah I do do you
okay
hu my okay if you tell me something
about computers I'll what cable you need
I have a Fiji a No
okay so he's got two monitors widescreen
on the light this one's for look bro
Oh more light there's only one HDMI back
here but there's four other ports back
here boom this case it port sucks not
fill in the head we got the computer
here the tower here more wolfy channel
up right here guys shout it to all the
full fanboys this is good Wow playing
games I we're playing games still
watching this you're real wool fact two
words please like the phone like the
comment every time you see it I love my
compensation one day we're look at look
at these comment look at these comments
right so cute this deer is turning into
Jake Paul bring the old wolfy back some
great comments great great comments real
like it's always so motivating to read
the comments I love looking up comments
broke Matt early
270 likes everyone agreeing oh no no
this guy's comment no no no no I agree
does that make me me better Logan does
that feel okay okay can we get relaxed
with the Logan pop come on bro soon yeah
literally bro
max my views are up but Logan come back
where we miss you we got the comments
section we got the blue Yeti the c7 920
the Slyke the webcam you want to go with
guys 1080 webcam please figures but
monitor these are my speakers I thought
I told Ryan I was like you know you can
flex on them nice because you can get do
key speakers here piss me off I was the
one that bought you freak by now
everybody knows I own like granite so
anyways let's see obviously there's one
song to play link in description Apple
music Spotify download it because we
can't even get copyrighted because it's
my song I'm not even stressing
transits going to be less won't you
is key so Ryan's got his setup
Chantel bitches and Pongo has the setup
that he only uses two for tonight and
never stream everybody comment down
below for Bongo because you need to
motivate this guy please scream please
comment down below
clean your damn desk what do you this is
all right yeah you know speaking of this
game this is where Ryan's gonna be
performing playing on 2k what's your
Twitter yet name we're working on that
right so add me and all follow years you
have that you okay bless add ryan
watches this play for tonight anyways
guys on that note we're gonna clean this
top I'm gonna end the vlog there but I
hope you enjoyed it how dumb is still
here for two more days so comment down
below
wait yeah okay get it on my hair don't
mess up my new hair but yo before he
does this guy's slash like button
comment down below what you want me
silly and Adam and her mom to do in the
next couple of days because they're
there for two more days yeah there's
nothing else I need to say to Millie
pick this one right now please call me
the fire movies and I'll see you guys
soon are we still if I meet you and I
all right bro and as always Lego
