good morning aus cadetship werewolf
welcome back to more wolfy today we are
in the kitchen and we are gonna be
whipping up some food I got so much
ground beef and so much sausages
basically these have been in the freezer
since like almost two full months ago
and I know when you put stuff in the
freezer it lasts a long long long long
long long time so I looked at the date
of expiration on these things and this
is when they expire so basically this
one's supposed to expire October 14th
its October 30th right now and this one
says its upside down with September 7th
literally a full two months ago so I
looked online guys and we are just good
to go okay
apparently each of these can last like a
full two months while in the freezer so
I took it out let it defrost overnight
and I'm just gonna cook it because me
and Silvia have been buying food when we
had this in our freezer the whole time
so Silvia is just out to get her nails
done when she gets back we're gonna
spend some time together cook the food
because of the sheer amount of size of
the food I like to cook it in a wok
which is one of those like Asian dishes
it's like a big pan and it like curves
up on the sides because you can fit a
lot more food than like a typical pan so
we might have to go to the store and get
a walk today
I remember they have some ones at IKEA
they probably have them at a lot of
different stores but I'm not trying to
spend a fortune on this wok okay Wolfie
jr. has been behaving today if you guys
want to know he just wants to cuddle
right now
he's been cuddling up against my toes
while I've been editing my video I'm
editing my Ouija board video right now
and it's kind of scary just to edit it I
really feel kind of uncomfortable
editing this one usually I'm just like
yo this is funny this is funny but I'm
like shook right now so it's a different
vibe but I'm gonna get through it I
think guys if I'm going outside today
you already know I need to spray this
stuff in my shoes so that they don't
stink as my feet stink fucking really
easily
and in this if you're using suede boots
you gotta use this shit probably got
sold on it and you don't actually need
it but with suede boots you need
protection see how this is suede and
this is leather I spray it on both I
just don't want to fuck up my shoes hey
wolfy you cannot be near me lumps
grandness so here we go hey back up this
is protection
life lesson guys always use protection
condoms whatever you need to use at all
times and then it lightens up over time
so they're you know same thing to the
other boot yay now we got to use the
odor stain check out this you put it in
like this you don't even have to hold
and just go
it smells delicious other one look at
this hold on put it in yay
all you got to do is press the lid down
and that's it but you got to redo it
every two days and I'm gonna do it every
one day to guarantee that my fucking
feet won't stink up this booth okay so
this is what I was talking about when I
said walk guys not this but this is it
this is the lid okay okay all right
right there put that out there and now
we don't want these we want this it's so
heavy but it's so deep
okay this took some of the meat aka all
the ground beef there and all the
sausages in this giant oaken pan what
you saw heavy why is this one missing in
our mouth where's the arm the arm
literally disappeared there it is
further eight in here so the meat is
almost done guys I added some of this
stuff this is the best shit you can ever
add steak seasoning the keg steak
seasoning some salt some avocado oil and
then some pepper as well nothing crazy
because we're using it for different
things
spaghetti Hamburger Helper tacos
probably just going to make some pesto
in here as well and there you go four
meals are four different types of meals
with one fucking ding DIY Wolfie hey
wolf am everyone took a look at my new
nails look at them like these claws do
you like my new nails what you're doing
to do an annoying girlfriends be like
what you doing hello what you're doing
so guys I was just running after wolfy
jr. and the fucking for gave me a
splinter look at this look at that big
piece of wood in my foot right now it
really hurts
really here apparently Sylvia said
there's a Pinterest hock right put it in
here you put the water bottle oh my god
you can just pull that out yeah you
could have given me tweezers but nobody
gave me just everybody get away from me
why are you talking like why is
everybody feeling a good touch do you
want to hear I'll do it
you know how you and Sylvia both feel
the need you just to touch you have to
touch a job is not the biggest water
hunter you just got a stake to that on
your body okay that's not how you do it
you idiot you're supposed to pull the
air out first
they pull their oh and then you suction
it on yeah hey why are you totally you
suck this section and I'm yeah why
filling the bottle what let me do it no
no hey that's a steak it is not it does
I'm bleeding it's so big oh I'm bleeding
it why is it massive oh can you do do I
do
what do you want I'm your mom just turn
it up give me tweezers you don't need to
do the print Pintrest I did use your
fingers I just tried TIG let me do the
pinchers rajashekhar he's suctioning on
your foot he's suction on and then when
the air comes out so so V you can do it
maybe on I don't really know how to do
this hold this somebody hold it give me
get miss Peters hey I'm doing it we need
the teasers one more time will be what's
happening whoopee
so Sylvia's got it on my toe now and
that way it what's the suction it out
okay I'm googling okay I'll go get the
tweezers Google you just need tweezers
we did China Google there's no rocket
science to it
how did that happen what did you step on
these are finished hardwood floors what
could you possibly stop I don't know how
to remove giant wooden feet from toe
you kicked yourself to look up giant
wooden stake is that a splinter tweezer
this baking soda baking soda at a remove
splinter aimlessly ah are you doing oh
holy shit I was closing my eyes oh what
the hell is she doing stop should it get
this supposed to do this no no no don't
touch it can't go try to see something
you're fucking trying to remove it the
trees are can we please turn off the
shit quality movies in this house that
sound like they're Ryan's old blogs I
need them to be caused to happen I need
to focus that please here you possibly
very second
fuck sorry every night I come here and
there's like some 1984 movie being
played
I need a flashlight oh my god Charles is
not that serious yeah I'll just grab it
all right three two one why is it so big
can you just stop being a pussy Hey
three two one
just slowly nope happy that man did you
a steak lermontov's surgeon you guys
it's mine
why did I feel like going like the most
sharp pain of my life
there's nothing stalky when I was
running its to help you I'm leaving it
in it does just give me the nail
clippers Charles you mean it nails okay
it's a stab wound
bring some gauze little fuckers Oman did
you have a good grip why didn't it how
do you get a splinter that big is it
bigger than yours yes too real what is
on the bed doctor we need yours it's
covered in reason juice just oh my they
who has raised injuries so what is this
something just everyone you backup you
mean a splinter you give you tweezers
this is a family crisis I just don't
want anyone touching my foot I know what
your dad please yeah thank you
yeah let your dad to get out oh my lord
yeah trousers I'm doing it I'm pushing
down the skin why can't you grip it yeah
because there's no grips on there you
need Charles you're doing it the wrong
way my just Weezer's you have to feel
about last is gone there we go ah you
did uh-huh you why don't you put on the
counter Reverend Charles Ergen
is the thickest thing I've ever sat is
so huge I'm gushing blood right now oh
shit
actually I'm bloody bloody leg I'm
bloody
ah so I just dropped Sylvia at home with
the dog because wolfy jr. was acting up
he wants to go to sleep this guy was
non-stop whining but that is not going
to stop your boy from going to go get
his walk you guys saw how easy that
meatless to cook and honestly if we're
buying Costco sized portions of meat
we're gonna need a walk to cook it in
like one round because honestly me and
Sylvia both of us have been really
really busy lately so we have not had
time to cook so the faster we cook the
better because the more productive we
can be in the day so I don't care that
it's 12:30 at night I'm getting that
damn walk
I hate when we fight she loved the pie
time to walk to get my walk tell me
these are the freshest boots you guys
I've ever seen look at these fuckin do
we you know what why not check out the
fashion while we're here late at night
they got anything nice decent jackets oh
my god stop stop this Thanksgiving
sweater looking ass you already know
gang gang gang - boy wolfy let's get
okay that's way that long T that jacket
New York hat oh man I can't I can't
these boots are trying to be my boots
get a TA
you ain't blunt stones you ain't why is
there bras in the guy section this is
literally a full guy section and then
just some casual bras don't kill me is
that a new thing that I own over hood
what's good bitchy boy Oh fie you
already know a OS skittish your boy
Wolfie and we are back in LA Blas we're
doing the 24 hour challenge no we're not
doing the fuckin toy give me this we're
not fucking doing that we are not doing
that so we got pans here and okay so
this is an 8 piece set but this ain't a
walk a walk is usually way deeper than
the classic pans pans pans pans pan
that's a wrap
this is what I'm talking about the big
bull wok
how much is this 32 bucks all right put
that back but I want to play a game with
you guys basically I'm gonna pick up a
product in the store I'm not gonna see
the price and you guys are gonna have to
guess what it is just like a fucking
game show so here we go yeah maybe this
nah BAM this is a product it is a
two-sided toaster has two sides not four
so guess comment down below how much
money do you think this is Canadian
American money I'm just going to take
the number not the currency just the
number so comment your guest down below
right now and I'm going to tell you in
three seconds what it is oh wait
okay bless you were right if you guessed
$14 it was 14 29 if you didn't get that
you played yourself guys as
heartbreaking as it is to say I
literally I don't think I can buy this
walk because it doesn't have a lid and
the lid definitely speeds up the process
of like how fast things are cooked and I
just checked on Walmart and they should
have it in stock but the warmer it's no
longer 24/7 so I can't get it tonight so
I came here for literally nothing this
is my baby if Walmart was lying online
and they don't actually have it tomorrow
then I'm just gonna come back and get
this one and voila
guys we got sausages I'm about to muck
these because now that they're cooked I
have a limited time until they go bad so
I'm gonna be eating sausages for like
the next four to five days in a row big
in our house is an absolute mess right
now this mattress is still here from
when Sylvia sister was visiting and we
just been too lazy to bring it
downstairs but we had definitely have to
do that tomorrow I'll probably do that
right early in the morning because in
order to be in the right mindset to work
and grind I need everything to be clean
around me so I'm probably gonna do a
little tidy up of the house in the
morning like what even is like some of
this stuff like we don't even know yeah
I'm gonna end up wall off there I have a
lot of YouTube videos to catch up on
haven't watched a lot of videos in a
while just been posting videos so I need
to catch up see what the hell's going on
in the world so I'm gonna end the vlog
off there this was a quicker one but I
still hope you guys enjoyed if you did
make sure you go down and smash that
like button let's hit 25k Wolfie we hit
25k and my splinter will recover fully
it effectively and I'll be able to walk
Oh fuckin I'm limping right now man I
don't know if I'll be able to walk
tomorrow also if you made it this far
the blog which honestly isn't that long
because this is definitely one of my
shorter vlogs but I want you guys to
comment something down below comment I'm
a little clean up gang okay clean up
gang comment that down below so I have
olive wolf in with me in spirit when I'm
cleaning up this damn house tomorrow and
don't think I forgot about the shoutout
today I told you guys I was into an
Instagram shadow so if you made it past
the outro you get to see the shout-out
because you guys deserve it so BAM shut
up to you crystal I see you in the
Instagram comments I see you liking my
shit you are a fucking true wolf em and
I appreciate you and again that is it
for today's vlog and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always
Wolfie jr. I'm sure me okay fuck you as
always stay savage Lego
