good night not good morning eh Oh
attaboy Wolfie welcome back to more
Wolfie they said I couldn't do it guys
they said I couldn't do two vlogs in one
day but we're starting at 9:00 p.m. and
we're still gonna make this vlog lit as
 so first off I'm thinking is
Walmart because it's still open it's a
Saturday night it's open to like 11 I
think it used to be 24 hours but it's
not anymore because they flopped but
that's where we're going right now so if
you guys remember in like a vlog or
maybe it was like two vlogs ago I did
that trick with the skittles okay I know
I was late on that trend but I needed to
try that out because I was like you know
is it really simple to make this like
cool last thing from just skittles and
water so I made it it worked perfectly
and then after I made it mad people
tweeted at me and we're tagging me in
like Instagram photos trying with like
all sorts of different things but the
one thing that I saw that looked the
absolute coolest was these Halloween
M&Ms like the orange and black M&Ms or
the orange and dark brown M&Ms if you
spread those things out evenly they
honestly look so sick so because
Halloween is like two days away now or
maybe one day away by the time this
vlogs up it'll be one day away I thought
in the spirit of Halloween I would
and make this with M&Ms and at least try
it I hope the person wasn't like to be
in the picture they sent me otherwise
I'm gonna look like a goof on the camera
but I'm gonna try that out and I think
Walmart should have them but to go to
Walmart we gotta bring Wolfie here to my
mom's house because we don't wanna leave
met the house alone he's been good all
day he doesn't deserve to be stuck in
his kennel and he has been kind of sick
so we feel bad leaving him alone at the
house I'll give you his pee pad though
yeah he's been feeling sick today he's
just away so right in the front of
Walmart they have these packs of just
like chocolate bars I guess like just a
Halloween candies I need orange this one
oh I need orange and this one the
black one but that means I'm probably
going to have to buy a cold pack unless
they just sell the individual colors
which I don't
I got here I got here because you like
looking through something on me so this
is cheesy Oh was it M&Ms or Reese's
Pieces because this might be the perfect
thing see what I mean guys you got the
yellow or you got the orange and you got
the black now I'm at a standstill was it
M&Ms or was it Reese's do I have to get
both and try them both out was it orange
and black Smarties oh okay so this is a
better option because this is only how
much this is five bucks and it's the
exact colors I need guys so imma get the
Smarties and then maybe I'll try one
with M&Ms dude guys tell me I spawned at
the new Pokemon which ones I knew that
one yeah okay this one is the first one
new or not
No okay you're right is this guy new or
not which guy this guy Monty
uh no okay he's not remember this one no
he's not new
this one no oh this guy's new this guy
is he the is a Regirock yeah it's
only the other guy this guy is he new uh
yeah no he's not right who's not new you
played your name I wouldn't know you did
guys how we work in Walmart is if you
don't have a cart you just find one very
 in it doesn't matter someone's
using it okay well our weight and
restaurant oh letter installs
a security feature that's why I just
this wheel doesn't move this wheel does
not move okay my work here is way abort
abort abort abort we have to get the
 out here saying I might need to buy
this for videos instead of those little
capsules looks like we're all but I
don't think you can eat that okay
never mind
I used to use fake blood in every single
one of my old Wolfie videos it was like
my go-to thing what the is this
going are you doing what are you doing
can't put this one on all right look
let's see if Sylvia looks any different
with this mask on okay I'm telling you
don't look any different
yeah pretty much the same guys I'll give
you a tip for Halloween I don't know
where I heard this but I heard this on
like the radio station earlier just
don't wear a mask that you find in
public I mean unless you clean it
because I was hearing there's like I
hurt bees going around or some oh
yeah so just don't don't wear a mask
until we apply yourself cuz everybody
tries on the same mask and then they put
it back then so many eyes I guess I her
pee contracts some like that guys
like a quick frontal armor
don't do it
smells embarrassing
you're way too tall for it all right
socks and sandals right is key to do
this exercise I'm walking away now
goodbye I don't know you who's this guy
he's falling
oh god he's still there so my genius
mindset just kicked in and I was like yo
why don't I just get more storage bins
because my room is a mess right now and
then on the topic of storage bins I was
like yo storing things whatever they
need okay luggage we need two cases big
ones and they happen to be in Walmart so
why don't we get them now guys this
one's bigger than Sylvia this one's huge
this one's huge I don't know if I'm
trying to get this one though this one's
kind of nice they got a decent selection
in here I'm not I'm gonna like I'm
honestly though I think I'm gonna go
with this one
Elsa and birth I love these
girls man frozen rage great movie
great wow I found Sylvia's spirit animal
in a suitcase honestly I think this
one's big enough for me
what the boy sir
what is good at this Oh a three piece
luggage set Oh 64 beans what yo
breathe pieces 64 beans that's what I
call a deal and then you have this one
which is just one for like the same
price I don't I don't get it so we're
doing the three item set guys I already
got it check out me walking this is me
in the airport when I go to LA it's good
yeah Wolfie yeah okay bless me you're
gonna give me a million dollars just cuz
I'm worried sick anyways we're going
home now this is all we needed maybe I'm
a sandwich
rather nearly started painting and in
Cockeysville another lighted tightening
got some pay advance night and it was
outstanding it was alright guys so I'm
gonna start with the Smarties and try
these out and then I'm gonna move into
the M&M I'm sorry for the sound there's
always some bad muffling TV and movies
playing in the background in this house
blame it on this guy you're done in
French alright getting pranked these are
guys so they look like Smarties I know
in the states you guys call your Rockets
Smarties oh no the nines my republics
carries never mind
I guess they change their brand for
Halloween but they're called scary is
this year so I'll put that over there
and they're all the perfect color that I
need so we're gonna put them all around
the edge just like we did with the last
one and see how all the Smarties work
here with the Reese's Pieces
luckily Silvia likes everything in here
so she's gonna eat this after so this is
not gonna go to waste this girl is gonna
devour everything in stuff so guys they
almost fit perfectly around the plate
the problem was this little space but I
just bit one in half and it fits now
perfectly shout out to Sean for eating
the excess candy on here I can always
count on him so now the water let's do
this quickly
Dustin's filming I think okay so I can't
find the measuring cup so we're just
gonna have to deal with this little
magic bullet thing I don't remember if
the water I use this hot or cold so I'm
just using like lukewarm water and now
I'm you see this last time I pulled Zach
about what I told exactly what that
before you posted that did us online
yeah I need full your mom's idea
this guy's biting his mom now I saw it
two months before I even did it and I
was like now I could do this now here we
go
water and now the magic will commence
please what do you think
you don't then why is it working it's
working what do you say okay guys I'll
be back in 30 seconds all time-lapses
part BAM
okay guys so it's been about 30 seconds
and this is what's happening so far kind
of looks like a lion yes it is a heart
actually
Wow holy there's a heart but it's
not working as well as the skills work
just nothing left on them
that's what on one side there's nothing
and then on the other side they're still
big back yeah and I don't want to color
left I don't want to throw more water
because I feel like it's gonna it
out but hey stop beefing my dog that's
what I thought I think it is cuz of the
plate because that plate might not be
exactly flat yeah we need to switch
plates this place yeah I think
that's why that's why that's like
there's more erosion than this smaller
and there's like bumps on this
table there we use the too expensive
plate that was a problem we're going to
use a shitty one now so for a time
number two I'm going to use warm water
so that it melts the candy off quicker
also make sure you guys I doubled up on
the candies over there so you have a
better chance at seeing the patterns
here it is tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu loading it
up with water loading it up with water
now we wait okay guys this one is
starting to work way better than the
first one so it's been about I'd say
about 30 seconds the lines are
definitely thicker because there's two
and two and two but this is working a
lot better so this is what this ended up
as guys I think I didn't put enough
water cuz as you can see all the tops
they're not working for some reason I
don't think there's enough water but
does the taste well yeah absolute
alright next the guys I'm trying with
Reese's Pieces right now and they seem
to be working a lot better than the
other ones so this is what it turns out
as guys we're gonna go home and then try
it out again cuz this is a flop
okay guys so I have a box that I've been
meaning to open it's been sitting in my
room so let's be a little night bookie
this one is coming from Sofia from seven
fields it's a box inside of a box please
don't have another box inside of here
cut that open
oh this apart okay it's not a box it's
not another box what do we have here so
in here this is crazy no idea what this
is this is tiara
guys that must be a wolf I don't know
what kind of art this is like styrofoam
and like glue that's dope so
this is the wolf's face I'm guessing got
the crown
please open in a video okay blast dear
Wolfie my name is Sofia and I live in
Pennsylvania and I love your videos my
favorite video is the instant water-ice
video that's a blessed video yes
the crown is for you
tiaras vasilia and the mini crown is for
Wolfie Junior thank you very much Sofia
this is amazing Wolfie Junior where is
he somewhere over there Wolfie Junior is
gonna get that little crown yo Wolfie
what did I forget to do in yesterday's
vlog show people at aw I played
myself guys in yesterday's vlog I was
wrecking I completely forgot to shove
someone else so today I'm gonna show to
people out because I gotta meet them for
yesterday I was slacking so
today I want to shout out the most
active wolf am that I notice - shut it -
BAM Harry and Sarah I what you guys
so hard you guys showed so much love on
Twitter tomorrow I think I'm gonna be
picking the shoutouts from Instagram for
shout out to Harry and show it to Sarah
you guys are the real MVP s thank you
for the support I think the real
question is are we able to bring Wolfie
with us to LA well let's check out
Wolfie you think you can fit in this
suitcase here I'll open it for you buddy
this is Sylvia's massive
suitcase guys I was gonna get this one
but then I was like yeah I don't really
have that much stuff that I'm gonna
break I'm not a girl so we'll see boom
oh my god I just shook the whole room
Wolfie get inside you're the first thing
can you go to sleep sit sit I need you
to sit I mean I know they have the x-ray
machines and stuff like that at the
airport honestly let's see you can you
fit it's like stop it just poke your
head out the cake hunt anjo wealthy I
have to bring you with me hi say hi just
poke it out of the corner okay well she
doesn't like it in there but definitely
you could fit like four or five wolfies
in here I mean like 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 I
have two of maybe 25 as you guys can see
walmart sold Sylvia on everything
basically she got the packing cubes from
Air Canada she got this tech travel
wallet she's like I need this and she
also got these luggage tags
which I don't think are necessary but
better safe than sorry apparently I
didn't get any of that so if my luggage
gets lost its like word nothing all
right guys so I just tried for the last
time with the Reese's okay it's just
it's just not working this is the best
you're gonna get skittles are way better
with this DIY honestly I tried my best
there's literally no gaps between each
one perfectly flat table the same plate
that I used the first time and this is
what we get it still looks cool but it
could look a lot cooler I'm kind of
cheese
so guys I'm ending the night out by
watching yet another prison show I don't
exactly know what it's called I've just
been kind of watching it kind of seeing
what's going on but not too much but I'm
gonna end the vlog off there I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did please do not
forget to go down and smash that like
button let's hit 25k wolf am you already
know how it is if you made it to the
very end of the vlog I want you to
comment something down below so I know
you made it so I want you to comment
going on the suitcase theme comment down
below
pack your bags pack your bags that's all
I want to see in the comments because
your boys traveling soon and hopefully I
get to meet a billion of you wolf and I
know there's a lot of you guys who live
in LA so there's gonna be some nice
meetups going on anyways again I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see
you guys soon are more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always
