good morning ayo let's get a trip where
Wolfie welcome back tomorrow Wolfie it
is snowing outside and my allergies are
acting up I don't know what's going on
but my eyes are like really hurting and
they just keep like crying on me so
anyways I'm on my way to my mom's house
my mom said my boots are in so I'm gonna
go pick them up and we have a package we
gotta go get for Soviet wolfies first
time in snow he doesn't know what to do
so he pees are you peeing you're peeing
in the snow good boy good boy here's a
snowball here eat this yeah he's doing a
massive feat wow this guy waited in
waited he would not be this morning
until he came outside so he is getting
better because he only goes outside but
don't poop so guys the blunt stones are
in need to be the brown ones that I
ordered this is the box that they came
in but hey we don't need that we got
this these are from Australia so these
are size below the ones I got in a
leather one because this way ones fit a
little bit different so thank you for
your order return policy hey Jesus like
these are dirty got my cowboy boots here
do they fit is the question are they the
square to--want
yeah this miracle once good they are the
square toe ones I tried on some circular
tolling round these are still kinda
round but the other ones were like
literally like rain boot round and I
really didn't like them and I didn't
like them at all you look classy ok
perfect been literally perfect fit those
are swag that's why it's my first job
this one there's so nice seasons at a
fashion boot and then the black leather
ones are the winter boot where's my nose
so right ok you gotta give us a little
run a walk work it work it
did a crip walk do the crip walk yeah
both Virginia likes I'm so nimble and
easy like them they have big feet what
do you mean
you have big feet so mean what was that
news sorry okay I'm just used to seeing
you wearing size tannins isn't crush
your convenience in size it don't fit
you know you actually working they look
so nice baby gave me some insoles too I
agree
yeah and you do well you can use it
don't have them for your other shoes
wear insoles for no it makes it a little
too smart
take the intellect this weather outside
is absolutely depressing I need to go on
vacation ASAP but guys I got my burrito
free drink as usual because I wanted to
test out that new hot sauce that I
bought the Cholewa are not new hot sauce
just the Blessed lit hot sauce that I
haven't had in a while but let's see how
wolfy jr. reacts to me coming back in
the car was he crying or not oh there he
is yep I see him hey wolfy oh hey here
hold this whoopee chill ok so my mom
said that there is this slick oh I think
I just found it so the place is called
slick automotive yeah ok I think I saw
it alright bye
so yeah I guess I'm going to this place
called slick automotive or something
like that now that winter is here and
the snow is on the ground your boy needs
to go get his winter tires like if you
do not have winter tires
honestly it should be illegal not to
have winter tires in Ottawa because the
snow is that bad I'm gonna at least make
an appointment for them right now
hopefully Wow where is this place
I think it's in the back this place is
low-key very sketchy but like I was
saying you need winter tires in Ottawa
the snow here is honestly so terrible
that if you don't have them you're gonna
be sliding around everywhere tell me
tell me that that's the door all right
black cool
crap I never thought Tigers would be so
expensive they just picked me out some
nice fucking winter tires I'm gonna have
some swaggy ones and not some ass ones
I'm actually gonna have rims on the
tires because I'm using my mom's car I
don't think she has rims on her winter
tires so like when you bring them out it
just makes the car look a lot more beat
but I want mine still to look kind of
fresh in the winter so picked out some
nice ones got some nice tires everything
should be set now I gotta go home Silvia
left me nobody's in this seat I'm cheesy
so guys I'm at the boy's house and we're
looking for spots in LA we've decided
we're gonna go to LA for a bit but I
found this one picture in this Airbnb
and it's trippy as fuck so look at this
tell me what you see
because I don't know what I saw like
this is either flooring or is it benches
and is this a table in the middle of the
room are these windows are these doors
like yo that's steady the give us some
time we turn ya throw at them I'll
screenshot it and put it on the screen
right now for you guys he can get a good
look at this but like what's going
what's going on in this room holy yo you
get in no there's no floors well I know
- neither oh so these are benches and
this is the back of the bench
yeah back of the bench and this is where
you say oh that gay Oh No bullshit once
you see what you see you want to force
this guy's but this is weird okay guys
so since I decided I'm gonna be putting
YouTube ok I'm not actually putting
YouTube but I'm making a Club Penguin
account because you know YouTube being
weird lately so I gotta have all my eggs
in different baskets so I don't know
what I'm gonna call it yet well if he's
actually burning his bone for once but
we got it up on the screen right here
and it's about to get lit I just tweeted
out who wants to play Club Penguin and
mad people are like I'm done
so I've got to make the most savage
penguin will name him King money
whoa Virginia food Oh King Wolfie jr.
there we go
password okay you guys can't see that
don't kill me it says your parents email
not even your own email I agree to the
Terms of Use of Club Penguin rule I'm
pretty sure if you swear in this game
you get permanently bad so others pretty
much all email hey guys so King Wolfie
jr. is in the world out I'm official I
can click go go what's going on okay let
me play I don't want to click this damn
map don't use it there we go mad rules
first I'm playing this game literally as
I'm exporting a video I was wondering
why I couldn't find anyone hey I need to
have like a parent account and I don't
feel like making two accounts just so
that I can accept render pressures right
now mad people are said to be pretty
quick and I can't accept any of them but
they're all going right here oh no now I
can okay I can add sky 70 added bless
adding someone else bless people are
coming I just tweeted out your altar
bobsled server let's kick it bad people
are making accounts people need to toss
me money I need money in this game or
something Whoopie I will be guys look at
how lit the server is right now
no one believes it's me I don't think
they can see my name but I'm trying to
prove it to be him no one's gonna be
forget right other words like where's
Wolfie where is he I invited everyone in
my house and pump you put dancing for
the fuck look at this Sal it is Club
Penguin right now this game a bear suit
we got this dude I'm right here okay
people are all over me okay guys so I
may or may not have just booked flights
and a hotel or not a hotel an Airbnb in
l.a your boy may or may not be going to
LA wolf or you going to LA what have you
been eating this guy this guy so you
guys we might have to do some meetups we
might have to do some crazy shit you
know I'm excited I'm not gonna say when
I'm going yet but I'm pretty sure it's
confirmed right now so that's why I
haven't vlogged too much today a
majority of my day was spent organizing
that it's been on my mind for the past
couple days but I was just like yo fuck
it we got a plan this good morning so I
absolutely played myself I forgot to
even end off the vlog I barely there was
like no vlog yesterday okay I was really
busy yesterday but I'm gonna pick the
rest of the vlog up today right now we
are heading off to go get the other g7x
mark ii AKA this camera i'm holding in
my hand i'm getting my own second one
today because this thing i feel like
it's on its last life like i already
said it's about to break already on my
memory card for it they also have two
batteries there so this camera should be
good to go like in an hour it's always
nice to have an extra camera because
sometimes when i pull a prank it's
always nice to get two angles and
don't have an extra camera right now for
that so yes Whoopi will be sick
wealthy sick he just wants to be held
today yes I'm so fucking excited to get
this camera oh my god let's get it that
camera has been purchased it is in my
hands we are good to go
wolfies been crying this guy's sick as
hell today see there where is he where'd
Sylvia who he go
don't kill I was like where the fuck are
they Soviet will be you're walking way
over there this guy's sick as hell today
I think it's because he's recently been
trying to put his head out the window
like a normal dog would but it's really
cold out here so definitely I can see
how a little baby dog like him would get
sick it's like 2 o'clock today 2 p.m.
and this guy has not gone poop hasn't
gone pee and he usually goes as soon as
he wakes up Bam Bam Bam we are good to
go this is the triple threat right now
the extra battery is essential when
you're buying a vlog camera because if
you're vlogging your whole day you're
gonna need some extra battery space boom
you need 64 gigabytes or you can have
bigger memory card but 64 gigabytes is
pretty good for like a couple days of
shooting for me so that's blessed for at
least a couple videos and then the
camera itself the powershot g7x mart to
my goodness is this a beautiful camera
vlog inside a vlog vlog ception
ooh okay guys so I just picked up
candles and a lighter from the store
basically we're gonna play the Ouija
board me and jad with this to make it a
little more scary I get to the boys
house now that we can bang this video
out so that I can walk Wolfie junior
with Asher which is Sean's sister's dog
AKA
sean takes hair the dog a lot of the
time so I want to get wolfy friendly
with other small dogs cuz the dogs
really small and Asha needs to get
friendly with like other dogs too so
this is like a perfect opportunity gig
eyes so this is the piece of the Ouija
board that it came with but the problem
with this is that you guys won't be able
to see as well when we actually play it
because this will have to point to each
letter and each number in each answer
but I want it to have mad big circle in
here so that it can just hover over
every letter and number but I don't know
if that's gonna fuck up the game I tried
burning it here and try brass over there
try burning it didn't work okay guys
house the bongo it was burning anyway
yeah fuck it was just like yeah no later
go over there I don't know if I'm
fucking with the ghosts and evil demons
mojo
but yeah Bongo says he has like this kit
that cuts perfect circles in his car for
some reason so we're gonna try that
we're gonna trust him I'm gonna try cuz
if this breaks bro we're haunted yeah a
rap it's like we broke the Ouija board
oh shit legit so this cannot fuck up or
we can't even win here so manga are you
sure yeah I got you rollin if it breaks
it is what it is but it's Halloween
after all right what hit the like button
if you don't want to get haunted so this
is what Mongo is talking about this is
the perfect circle sighs I'm thinking
yes what yeah is that right it might be
too big oh no that's good yeah but
apparently you're supposed to use a
drill bit with it so you can actually
drill it in with a longer set it might
be doable okay guys I'll be back in 15
minutes what if this works what in the
world is this Mary Ouija spirit I'm
sorry if we're like disrupting you in
any way but well is what it is I want to
make the viewers see what the letters
and numbers are that it's landing on so
look at the circle this is what I wanted
look at this it fits every letter
absolutely perfectly X and it makes a
creepy ass sound when it goes across the
board so we're ready to play let's do
this alright so we just finished filming
the video it went crazy okay guys you
guys are gonna see on my main channel it
was insane so now that that is done I
can go home and get wolfy jr. and bring
him to play with Asher occations puppy
Asher is way more relaxed than wolfy jr.
so we'll see how they react
Asher literally just sits down and does
not move like he'll just kick back so
I'm excited to see what the hell the
interaction is with them so well he's
got his Canada goose on and Asher is
down here chasing him this is the first
interaction with another dog okay why
you running ro he's got his kid at a
goose on come here buddy ashes cake back
Asher hey good boy so guys Wolfie jr.
does not want to be around a sure right
now ashes down there there's another big
dog over there another big dog over
there and me and Wolfie I'll just kick
back over here every time Asher comes
close Wolfie jr. runs away hey buddy
Wolfie you gotta meet these other dogs
there's plenty of dogs out here you
can't be a lone dog your whole life are
you going
he's like I need to explore I've never
seen a world like this my life
I sure frolicking over there go get him
go get him wolfy oh alright okay guys so
I'm just about to go home from the guy's
house but I've been feeling these weird
vibes
ever since we played the Ouija board
like an hour two hours ago I've been
getting like gusts of cold wind like
going by my head and I've been feeling
weird shits I don't know if that thing
actually works or not I guess you guys
want to wait till my main Channel video
drops but I mean I'm feeling ghost vibes
right now so there might be a haunted
house here I don't know Sean's chilling
here everyone lives here I get to go
home maybe the ghost is following me but
I do not feel good right now so I'm
gonna go home watch TV forget everything
happened because fuck I swear it just
happened again okay actually you know
what we'll check out the back area to
see what that noise was hey no don't go
buddy I swear it even kind of smells
weird this house may not be the same
Loki I waited about today it's Kate we
gotta get the hell out here I'm out of
here
your boy does not fuck with ghosts I
don't know why I played that game I
played myself by playing that game so
I'm out
okay so just as I was leaving the guys
house I came out the front door and I
had wolfy jr. in my hand so I wasn't
paying too much attention to what was in
front of me basically I turned to my
right and Bongo was there but I didn't
know Bongo was there so I just got this
fucking shit scared out of me holy shit
actually just talking about the ghosts
your boy is like walking on eggshells
right now like I'm fucking shook
hopefully Silvia can like protect me if
not I'm going back to my mom's house
hopefully I don't haunt her oh my god
guys if there's one thing I can say just
don't play the Ouija board just stay
away from all these ghosts and these
evil demons and spirits like it's just
not even worth it guys wolfies home now
we're safe and sound at least we think
we're safe and sound in this house
so even want to play the game we're
haunted permanently what happened I
can't tell you what you need
so you'll learn to play if we get
haunted tonight then it's a wrap but I'm
not gonna say anything anyways guys I'm
going to end the vlog off here the
reason is even though it's only like 7
o'clock at night I need to end it now
because I forgot to end the vlog
last night so I'm a vlog behind I'm not
gonna fucking slack okay I am going to
power through a nighttime vlog so I can
be back on schedule for tomorrow so what
I'm gonna do now is edit this vlog drop
this vlog in the same language I've
never really done that and then I have
this really cool idea people just keep
tweeting at me these fucking dope ideas
if you guys don't follow me on Twitter
wolf your apps go follow your boring
Twitter just give me ideas guys I'm
always open to all these cool ideas
because I find everything cool I'm just
like a fucking kid but yeah someone sent
me this dope idea and I need to try it
tonight and honestly Loblaws over 24/7 I
might be able to find the supplies I
need for that video so hope you guys
enjoyed the kind of doubleday upload if
you did make sure to go down smash that
like button let's hit 25k wolf if you
guys already know how it is if you have
not smash the like button yeah talking
to you right there go smash it right
fucking now also comment down below
double upload okay double upload comment
that down below so I know you made to
the very end of the vlog so yeah I'll
see you soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
