good morning hey yo what's good one will
be welcome back to more well babe stop
follow me more Wolfie okay I literally
am almost ready I'm about to go to the
PIO box
jad has been bugging me to go to the PIO
box like the past five days and I have
been able to go cuz I've been filming
her editing but today this morning I can
go so we are about to let's get it no
tiger when I tell you you a blessing you
good just let me make collection yeah
guys even though it's terrible weather
outside right now I'm fucking bumping
brace until erm I whip by myself I'm in
my comfy ass clothes I got my sweatpants
my new sweatpants on I got my sweater on
my off-white key it's a fucking leg I
honestly have no idea what I would do in
the car without music that would be
literally hell and I'm not the best
singer but you know guys were working on
it okay I try my best that's all that
matters right guys so you just send bear
packages I just picked them all up this
is like a bottle or some shit is in here
and then there's a bunch of parcels that
we're just waiting on they have to get
them from this back room so I want to
see what those I always get excited
about the boxes alright dad wanted to
open one right here
sorry old unnamed and it's like a cool
always folded paper hotel good yeah well
that's a lot bigger - Wolfie hey bless
I'll go to the pile where's where's
Wolfie holy shit guys boxes on boxes on
boxes the team our ones a big guy on the
bottom I wanna look at these literally
Christmas wrapping yeah yes okay guys
our unboxing some of the shit we got
this is the biggest package don't know
what this is said he might know what
what this is this is from autowash this
is it yeah my full Fiat oh I like that
que yo hey we unboxed it from a bigger
box if we threw that bigger box I
wouldn't know
so it's a box inside of a box oh shit yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
ah whose man's this is fucking scary
ah get over this shit it has blood on it
shit yeah oh I'm hold on a box inside of
a box inside of a box inside of a box
alright looking at if there's one more
box yeah peace just ate
look bro here let me just kick this
outside please it was not human evolving
fuck Yuki no me wrong when they go to
that address us and the sooner we leave
is the season motherfucker oh oh let me
see this yeah ok these are actually
swaggy let's grab a g1 Ally okay I'll
let let's rally at the first place okay
but which one is easier one
Oh God I'll grab it Oh y'all got my
black these two are your cousin you can
rock marine better than me you can rock
this color - I got back Sean doesn't
wear hats right Sean they're fuckin
never seen shot never seen shall we were
happy
Oh bro it's like all right it's actually
Loki sorry I don't you sure okay come on
not one David doesn't realize how David
will take this
okay yeah but you you like it's going no
no Maroons kind of nice bro where's the
absolute like David c'mon just the one
that we don't want you want black red
I have a black gear team ah blow for a
while now we've been watching your video
okay this is less writing whoever wrote
this if you're a Mon yeah good long you
all have been posting online and have
grown to appreciate the impact you guys
have on the city we like to go by the
name of art crew hashtag six one three
hashtag stay Savage hashtag don't sleep
hashtag big dick Dave hashtag it's your
boy hashtag peace shout out to you our
crew you guys are the best
we will keep putting on for the city
don't worry unless I move to Toronto and
I'll see ya yeah what is it daddy
oh they knew you wanted those doing on
Raguse you okay you're good extra flamin
ogress is regular hot we'll see which
one's better saying they know it's a
chicken nugget you're gonna make chicken
egg chicken out of this you can in here
you go dad some hot cheetos for your DIY
hey idea from Rob love your channel
today he wrote it on the envelope stop
there's nothing inside whoa Oh real MVP
Oh like you know what fuck it next
warning froggy Frankie laine I think
that's from Italy
luckily it's reveal day where's the
where's the beige hat he put all not
show all the hats are here I'm zip unzip
straight down nothing yeah
yeah what's next time box guys you deal
with the Euro snake
you snake you took the badge on you you
took it okay no no no that's it he's a
snake ah fuck this guy a banana I love
you this much this is a big amount of
look no I put this this is Wolfie
Junior's from now on oh this is a Pinot
this is also good
do you like the Silvia yo tell Sylvia to
replace her other one what is you look
bro actually there's a baby and then
this is brother something in this I
don't know what it is this is why the
time oh god the bagger I'm fucking down
with this I'm going to shave this and
make it into my own let me get your
jewelry this is just a David ha ha David
parody can I open up another one beer
David Pajo
David we opened up it really d'etat
david has his own boss no we didn't take
you from his wall fine David you can
have this stuff I'll put it in there I'm
not going to read your stuff because
it's yours but we have a separate peel
box and David's ours in our description
David has only one it's beside ours but
Chad's of you for sending this stuff
I'll thank you on behalf of David knife
wolf you wouldn't wanted this there you
go nice charlie well it literally just
was Luke from absolutely nowhere
it learns like Luke from nothing else is
filled it oh shit
this is from Luke Luke you made it past
Canadian customs the candy is here Skye
move yo scarless is this only in America
do blue blue beetles
wrong with your cheese monah steve-o do
play Buble yeah you got it because they
have the riddles in them you have the
jokes in them oh the cartoons and shit
oh oh you're a savage quit feeding our
bubblegum to animals and the moose are
eating it Wolfie you are my number one
favorite thank you very much Luke I
appreciate the love I'm about to eat
these do blame bubl√©'s said he sent
fitting played yourself hmm I appreciate
you in a little cloth well you didn't
just open it it molded your DJ you got
to open your own package bro
I opened it I don't wanna you want to
you're surprised when one wolf is a
success by you to Donald this nation
attendance to Donald from t-mobile
lorilynn from our fam is it depends in
brackets from our bro we already know
what it is we can feel it in love yeah I
respect this because you know what Tim
can you don't could have knit oh let's
go gasps nut roll brand that's the good
shit it is it that's the top we got that
did a bit but yo what are we saying we
could use this for I forget cereal cane
everything ok well we're gonna use it
yeah that's money this is for dad I
fucking just drink this shit rope ok
whatever you guys I'm just editing and I
saw outside it is officially snowing I
told you guys Halloween time is when it
starts to snow it's going to be snowy
for Halloween which is the 31st it's
like the 26th or 27th today and it is
fully snowing like I know you can't
really see it but you can kind of see
the drops coming down here's we're not
gonna have winter little snowing
yeah Christmas no snow yeah what was
more low yeah we had that photo times
low heat holy crap David David the
Christmas mom David said about resumes
yeah this month you say this is ruining
all our bear filming but gotta edit the
rest of my video so is what it is keep
me inside so remember how I said it was
almost snowing yeah now it is fully
fucking snowing this is snow in a time
span of like two hours when I was
editing this is what happened outside
this is fucking ridiculous anyways guys
is always watching Casey nice that's
work over there so I'm not talking too
loud look just realize that I giveaway
is almost about to end there is mad food
over there they just ordered the works
all these crazy burgers so I'm just
gonna have a bit of the food and I'm
gonna pick the winners but while I'm
waiting I will draw all of the winners
for the competition Bam Bam okay I'm not
gonna look I will come back once I get
the food so as you guys can see diet
wolfy right here a nice nice salad with
tomatoes onion rates videos I don't
think this is my style I got to see you
Sal but I still got a salad and then the
burger oh my god
I'm definitely hard to be able to eat
all that but I'll try I'm not even
hungry okay so I decided to come
downstairs to announce the winners I'm
kicked back in the boys room i
randomized it but there were how many
entries were in this giveaway it says
there was over 2.8 million entries into
the fucking giveaway
I don't think 2.8 million people entered
the giveaway but I know a shitload of
people still did because there are so
many options to win but basically I just
randomized it and it shows the six
winners for me for the three iPhones and
the three iPads so before I even
announce the giveaway winners don't
worry if you didn't win I'm gonna be
having another giveaway and another
giveaway in the future I want to do a
huge giveaway for Christmas so don't
even sweat it if you didn't win this
time you might win next time there was
so many people that entered so I wish
every single person in the wolf am won a
prize but I don't I literally don't have
that power I don't have that kind of
money - okay guys so without further ado
here are the winners for my giveaway so
the first winner of the giveaway is
Neely Fraser Snowden I don't know if I
said your name right but Neely Fraser is
not in from Newmarket Canada shoutout to
you congratulations on your prize I will
be emailing you I'm gonna be giving
every winner two days to respond to me
and if you don't respond to me in that
time I'm picking someone else because I
don't want to be caught up with all
these prizes in my house I want to send
them out all at the same time so please
please respond to me I mean you should
want to respond to me because like you
won the prize but yeah just keep an eye
out on your email guys and if you don't
receive an email by the
time this video is out I'm sorry you did
not win the people that one will know
they won and they'll all get an email
from me okay so the next winner is
Nicole Hartman from Kitchener Ontario
Canada shut it to you another Canadian
one congrats on your win I will be
emailing you as well the next winner is
Freddie Hernandez from Sacramento USA
Freddie you might want to be checking
your emails because you won one of the
prizes so shout out to you as well thank
you for what you do to win wow you
actually subscribe to David parody that
was your entry that got you the win so
shut it to you thank you for supporting
me and my boys the next person is Ryan
grim from Springfield USA and you
followed me on snapchat that is what
made you and so shout it to you I'll be
emailing you too so now we got two more
winners and the final two winners are I
know everyone's holding their breath at
home okay guys I don't want to be like
one of those game shows that makes you
wait and the final person that won the
fucking game then got chosen to go to
the next round is 30 minutes later 40
minutes later Wolfman okay I meant to
say like another name all those fucking
game shows are like that but the person
is Luis Salazar okay from Oceanside USA
you followed me on Instagram that is
what gave you the W that is what made
you a winner and my books you're a
fucking winner because you know what you
fought your wine Instagram you deserve a
prize boob you get prize you enterprise
you get prize check your email because I
will be sending you an email and the
last winner of this giveaway is Joe cake
Alexander collie from Canyon Country USA
shout-out to you Alex you won you
fucking won you are the last one ur of
the giveaway do follow me on Twitter and
that is what gave you the W so shout out
to all the contestants guys do not worry
if you do not win this giveaway I'm
doing a Christmas giveaway okay so don't
sweat that I might even do another one
before that because I love to give back
to my wolf M okay
and photos are only so much I actually
want to give prizes as well so don't
worry there will be more giveaways
anyways not gonna send all these emails
off and you know what well I'm down here
there's a basketball shot and I just
want to find the basket what were the
photos basketball what all right guys
well when you can't find a basketball
you got to improvise and what we
improvise with is nerf bullets so we're
going to throw the nerf bullets into the
net yay okay that's it miss one more
take this ye okay fuck this game's wack
I'm done I'm one of six welcome to
Ottawa guys this is what the outside of
my damn car looks like the car is
absolutely covered in snow honestly
check this out you think that's oh shit
it literally just fell into my car I'm
cheese I'm about to make a snowball cuz
this is what we called packing snow you
wanna know why because you can literally
just pack it together and it's a
snowball Oh
oh no Carl oh I'm not in the fucking
clothes for where snow is necessary
anyways guys I'm headed home apparently
wolfy has literally been bullying Sylvia
all day this girl's been texting me
she's like I can't stop him he's beating
me up so I think she tried filming at
like 3 o'clock when I left I might even
left earlier no I definitely left
earlier than 3 o'clock and she ended up
filming at like 8:00 p.m. because this
guy just would not stop bouncing around
the house all I gotta say is thank God I
have a reverse can because my back
window is covered in snow I'm telling
you guys driving in this weather like
this right now really makes you
appreciate warm weather like holy shit
during summer I'm usually like honestly
I'm ready for summer to end I want snow
to come for I can say that for about two
days but there is days when it's so hot
and you just want it to end
no I permanently want to live in hot
weather now I'm over this I want to live
near the equator ok I don't want to live
near this stuff anymore
this is ridiculous there was literally
no snow on the ground yesterday and I
was walking outside with like a hoodie
so this is what we have to look forward
to today this fucking Christmas tree the
scent on the front of my car actually
fits the weather that's going on - Scott
oh my hey Wolfie Wolfie where yeah where
are you oh shit wellthey oh my god your
hops how's it going buddy come back come
back up oh my God look at that oh oh oh
God care care about oh ok so now that I
am back in my own
I'm going to taste-test this clear hot
sauce whatever the hell this stuff is
I'm not even gonna think about it
anymore I'm gonna close my eyes when I
do it so I can just imagine what real
hot sauce will taste like do hands take
this lid off hopefully this stuff is not
like deathly hot that would really suck
so I'm just gonna stick my finger in and
taste it because yo why not please don't
be too hot dip my finger make sure it
hits it fingers nice and wet why do I
feel like this is a delayed effect that
wasn't too hot did I get the sauce oh
shit okay no my tongue is kind of
tingling oh shit it leaked out a bit
okay
Oh oh my god
oh wow this is pretty fucking hot huh
the tip of my tongue and the tip of my
lips right here are just very hot it
really doesn't have that much of a taste
it's not deathly hot but it's definitely
hot so I'll just take a bit more just to
like fuck it ah that's in the back of my
throat okay it tastes like vinegar and
there's definitely is there vinegar
there has to be vinegar in there okay
the second ingredient is fucking vinegar
it's like water
okay vinegar apparently like this is the
stuff you're supposed to just put in
alcoholic drinks you make I guess like
around the rim or some shit like that
for this but actually just like it
doesn't really have a flavor it's just
spiced so if you added this like
spaghetti or something like that like
this is the perfect amount of spice and
you wouldn't even know that you're
eating it I guess it should strip his
book I would give this to Silvia but she
doesn't like spice so imma save it won't
be will be hey you want hot sauce coming
okay now yeah it not suck anyways before
I start editing my blog I wanted to
quickly talk to you guys about YouTube
because someone sent me a picture on
Twitter today and I've been realizing a
lot of youtubers like total views have
been going down like the video views
that they usually get on their videos
have not been the same as they usually
are even mine so I was like hey maybe
something's up made like the sub boxes
are broken because I know this has
happened before
but there's mad people tweeting at me
you'll only be notified when Wolfie
posts some videos but we're not going to
notify you any posts every video I'm
pretty sure
what youtube has been doing i don't know
if they've been meaning to do this maybe
this is just a broken thing that I need
to fix but they've been turning off post
notifications for a lot of my
subscribers like loyal loyal loyal ask
subscribers that are subscribed to my
channel that watch all my videos they
turn my post notifications on for a
reason but they're still not even seeing
my videos so I had so many people tweet
at me today because I finally spoke up
about it cuz it's been bugging me and
mad people are like yeah yeah I haven't
seen your last like two or three videos
so I don't know what is going on with
you two hopefully they fix this soon
because it's been annoying me it's
ridiculous that some of my like loyal
ask subscribers that like I've built a
connection with don't even know when I
drop a video unless they go to my
Twitter or my snapchat to see because
YouTube won't pop it up or unless they
just happen to stumble across my YouTube
channel but most people don't sit around
like refreshing my channel all day so if
you guys haven't or maybe YouTube turn
these off go down to my post
notifications on this channel and on my
main channel so one way to turn my post
certifications on for this channel so
say you're looking up wolf your ass my
main channel you want to click on the
channel okay it's going to bring up if
the internet loads okay not this video
it's going to bring up the subscribe
button you want to click on the
subscribe button and then click on this
little bell right here this is going to
pop up saying send me all notifications
for this channel I only post videos I
don't post anything that's not video so
you want to click yes for that so click
Save and there you go see how the Bell
is now ringing you want that that means
you're going to be notified when any
video drops on my main channel or my
second channel so do it for both
channels and there's also another way to
do it like say you're watching one of my
videos all you got to do is click on
subscribe down here instead of over
there because it won't be over there so
click on that and then click on the Bell
and then do the same thing send me all
notifications and save click that that's
all you got to do that way you will know
when I drop a video hopefully unless
YouTube fucks that up again I don't know
what's going on the only way that I can
truly think of fixing this is just sit
on my page all day and refresh it and
then you'll know more follow me on
snapchat Twitter and Instagram because I
always update you guys I always let you
know when I'm dropping a video so you
guys can be first and then you guys are
gonna follow from your boy speaking of
follows okay this is such a bad
transition but I owe someone a shout-out
today because now that I'm doing my
daily shoutouts of the day let me go up
on my phone and see who the most active
wolf fam is so today I want to shout out
to boom it
a girl Becca shot to you because you are
fucking true active as loyal wolf am she
was popping on my Twitter so I had to
send her some love from the king himself
so shout out to you back and keep on
doing what you do and keep supporting me
please I love you fine is being shut
down and it's a terrible thing
I had a vine account once I posted a
bunch of vines actually I think I had
like 10k followers on vine so it's crazy
how a social media platform a social
media app is just being cut what's next
Instagram friggin musically I'm about to
join fucking Club Penguin so hit the
like button if you guys are down to
fuckin join my club penguin clan with me
a runescape or some shit like that we
will make a club penguin or Neopets
account I'm thinking Club Penguin cuz
I'm fuckin dope at that slide game to
hit the like button let's play some
fucking Club Penguin together or comment
down below what you want me to make an
account on maybe have a hotel or some
shit like that and then all the wool fam
can make an account on it and just
destroy it because you know what with
vine done who knows what's next okay so
we just got to prepare ourselves and I
think the safest bet is Club Penguin so
I completely lost track of time guys
okay guys there's another drink Soviet
finish but that's none of my business I
thought it was like 12:30 but it's
actually 2:00 in the morning so I gotta
cook a bit so I'm gonna end the vlog out
there I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
do not forget to go and smash that like
button you guys already know how it is
let's hit 25k 25 thousand likes on this
vlog so if you haven't touched like
button already go door right now also
you know what I want you guys to come
down below so I know you made it to the
end of the vlog so comment down below
hi Wolfie just comment hi Wolfie and
I'll say what up to a lot of you guys in
the comments tomorrow anyways again I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and I'll
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage in my
main channel and as always stay savage
leggo
