good morning ayo it's gonna chip we're
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy today
I'm excited because I get to go shopping
again I have to return the boots that I
bought at although the other day because
even though I tried on like size 13 in a
bunch of boots
I guess these leather ones that I bought
didn't fit this a RUP guys feeling a
girl for that I when I have time I'm on
that anyways like I was saying they did
not fit the way I wanted them to so I
didn't wear them outside I kept the
receipt we're all good I'm gonna return
those today hopefully the camera is
ready to be picked up today the guy said
Tuesday but I didn't get a call
yesterday so I don't know what's going
on I got my new comfy jacket on here new
pants but today is like a pants and just
t-shirt kind of day I bought mad
sweaters the other day so I want
t-shirts as many as possible just plain
tees like long tees because I'm tall and
some pants and the only place that I
found that sells like kind of nice
things at fibia is H&M that's why I go
there so much so let's go David's
waiting in the car hey you're gonna stay
there till my mom gets home bye will P
say bye Wolfie this guy apology by
wealthy anyways Wolfie is gonna have to
survive in this house for 20 minutes by
himself okay guys so he just pulled up
with spirit Halloween David is up there
walking and he has a costume in mind
then he's doing some sriracha costume or
some shit like that I don't know what
I'm being for Halloween yet but this is
where I got my scary killer clown
costumes this place is a pop-up shop so
it's only open during like the Halloween
season that's how you know they sell
everything like this place is fucking
lame circus freaks as soon as you walk
in the killer clowns are over there
David is done maybe this guy's pranking
us or some shit
check this out creepy husband I mean is
there a creepy wife or a creepy
girlfriend you don't need a costume for
that anybody knows some staff some
Phenom
comment down below what game this is Rob
alright
comment down below what game this is
from okay you have three seconds three
two one and the winner is five nights at
Freddy's that's the game that's all the
people have got that in time look at
this clearance section they have a mad
hat section this is just the section
where they sell hats which one should I
try on
I like this one okay
hey dig it 50 nice
hello guys if you say I'll show you
scary imagine if I was just holding this
head that's weak
okay so it says that this is more scary
than when I just had so it says that
this is more scary than this fucking guy
are you kidding me you played yourself
the cute costume of the day goes to the
baby that just got out after nine months
ha fuck this fucking guy or a badass get
it cuz it takes nine months to birth a
child or a little little vampire this
guy is the hardest rapper of 2016 the
t-rex wins never mind look at this
dude's face oh my god so we're headed to
Toys R Us now it's literally just around
the corner from the party place it was
just over there
Sylvia's not coming never mind this is a
kind of broke Toys R Us it looks way
shittier than there's another one in
Ottawa that's way bigger but we're going
to this one we're just gonna see what
they have no guarantees on me buying
anything yet I really just want to go
get close but I saw this place on the
way and I was like you know what why not
so guys here it is the Ouija board the
Ouija board Sylvia literally doesn't
want to come in because she doesn't want
me to play this game but is what it is I
think I'm gonna buy it anyways because
Halloween season is up I played this
before in the past and it didn't work
but I would be down to try it again jad
said he's really down to try it so we're
gonna see what I'm gonna do alright yeah
I'll be there let's go but you know if
I'm playing this game I gotta play it
the correct rules I gotta end the
ceremony the right way cuz I'm not
trying to get haunted also I'm not
playing in my actual house I'm playing
it in some house I'm gonna find a house
maybe a haunted house to play this in
imagine if I played this in like some
fucking scary mental asylum so I'm gonna
do that to make sure that my house
doesn't get haunted even though I might
get haunted
I'm gonna try not to get haunted guys
you know a movie is popping when they
make a candy out of it so two back to
back
frozen candies right here we got Elsa
and Bertha and then we have Bob Kevin
and Stuart if you guys knew those actual
names to shout to your real banana fan
so guys I got my boots I forgot them in
the car but now we're hunting for Aldo
in whren Bayshore mall we're in Bayshore
mall 100
for although I don't want to carry this
around everywhere I go what hmm is right
here and that's the first stop after
peace out they have the t-shirts that I
need large I already have that one but I
need more long tees guys I need a lot of
long tees because I fucking lost all
mine for some reason but this section is
already more popping than the one in
Ruidoso got blue even some black I don't
know if the black or long but a nice
beige that's maybe one more pink I'm
currently wearing the pink is that black
back there in the worst thing about
shopping for clothes is like you see how
the tag has the size on it so this is
extra small and it's supposed to go like
size by size size you get further in the
back they're supposed to get to a higher
size so this is medium hold up medium
right there and then it's supposed to be
large in the back but it's out of order
so this is now small than another medium
then another fucking small medium like
medium and then extra smalls in the very
back I thought that would be an extra
large usually it is but I got played I'm
cheese on my size
so guys Silvia really wants me to try on
these sweatpants I think they're
personally to be too short these are the
only things that could possibly fit like
I looked at all the pants and all the
pants that I'm wearing right now like
they actually fit me none of them are in
my size just like the boots run in my
size so it's just looking like a flat B
in general for me but I'm gonna try
these pants on and let's see if they fit
they fit do they fit yeah yeah they fit
yeah cuz they're supposed to be low like
that yeah a little bit they fit perfect
is there any other colors this way yeah
there's black less I'm buying both to
run a hot sauce store right now and the
amount of options they have is
absolutely silly look at this one they
got something called the ass Reaper no
idea that is what oh yeah hot sauce that
makes you pass out always always might
go to so there's some clear hot sauce in
the store apparently if you turn this
upside down whoa whoa bro is clear oh
hold on dear - one more do it - one more
look how clear this is okay ready turn
upside down how does it do that that's
crazy this cool so your boy just
absolutely balled out at softs mark I
bought a pair of boots and I ordered
another pair I didn't buy them in store
because they didn't have the right size
but now we are headed home my mom's
texting me of the ass I dropped Wolfie
jr. at her house in the morning and
apparently he's already pooped all over
the house like four to five times so
he's not acting good so we got to pick
him up now
by the way guys sorry the cameras been
so closed for my face I was wondering if
my blog camera was broken but I just
didn't have it on the video setting so
went to some default setting and it's
been too damn close to my face all day
so now I feel nice and distance from it
and not like not like right here so guys
these are one of the new pairs of pants
I got nice joggers they fit lengthwise
and they are very fresh very fresh you
already know what it is
check these out I can stretch in them
stretching them catching them stretching
them like this got my new jacket on so
check out the boots that I got I got two
pairs so these are the black ones that i
have to put these insoles in and i fit
perfectly once you put these in so
they're just plain black leather i'll
try them on right now is the thing i'm
gonna wear them to my mom's house i'm
gonna also got brown ones that are suede
but everyone needs a classic pair of
blunt stones the black leather so let's
put these bad boys on ooh fresh fresh
you already know what it is i'm happy
about these purchases now I just gotta
pack things up quickly and I'm going to
my mom's house because that's where I
film my DIY videos it's hardly a DIY but
I need the blender I need the kitchen if
that's a hint I mean you guys should
probably know the video by now but this
one's about to be an absolute banger
alright guys so I just finished filming
my friggin video at my house let me just
tell you it was by far the worst video
or not the worst video it said blessed
video to fucking bang but like the worst
video to get through okay it was painful
suck I'm so happy I'm done literally we
just spent like 30 minutes
cleaning the kitchen Sylvia's sitting
that head will be junior I don't even
want to kiss her after the video I just
fell to put it that way because I'm
scared for his life no mouth wants to
come near mine right now
he's like Oh get away from me anyways
guys now I'm gonna edit my vlog kick
back with wolfy jr. I need food I just
need food that has a strong flavor to
get this flavor I don't know asap guys
look at this food that was made for me
Lisa
spinach of them I don't know if you like
dad like spinach which one / Lee's and
grilled cheese is this one mine yeah
guys I got food got food didn't you have
to make it this is amazing I should come
home more often so as you guys can see
wolfy jr. is just about ready to go home
this guy is so fucking tired right now
I can shape his body in any shape that I
want and he will stay there mommy wake
up by wolfy five nice he knows the by
wolfy magic words and then he's ready to
go so we are headed home wolfy jr. just
huddled up against me he never does this
but it is so cold outside right now what
is it it's five degrees Celsius I don't
know what that is in Fahrenheit but we
are about to hit zero that's fine
it might be colder than that okay it's
negative but it's really fucking cold
it's literally almost icy outside
there's almost no still no sign of snow
there was a little bit of hail yesterday
but that's not snow if I'm this cold and
it's not even snowing I don't know how
the Soviet sucks with the coal but our
he renewed or so it doesn't matter I
wanted to go to the PIO box but it's
definitely too late they're definitely
closed at this point but I have a
special surprise to show silly only at
home I saw a picture on Twitter and it
fucking blew my mind like I'm always on
Twitter and I always see like these
crazy illusions so I scrolled across one
and then I think this one's just
trending it's fuck now because I saw it
on Facebook right after but it blows
your mind it's one of those once you see
this you can't unsee it and literally it
took me probably about ten minutes until
I gave up and then I had to go to the
comments and read a bunch of people and
honestly the first comment that I read
that explained it I still didn't get it
so I had to read multiple comments until
I understood what I was looking at but I
finally got it now I can't unsee it so
I'm gonna show it to Silvia
when we get back so
I am home now and this is the picture I
was talking about this is the picture I
want to show to Sylvia look at this I
will give you guys a couple seconds fuck
it you guys can have like 20 seconds 20
seconds to look at this
what is going on in the image it says
once you see it you cannot unsee it so
what's going on there Matta fact pause
the video right now there you go and
then come back to me because I'm about
to tell you it about well I'm not gonna
tell you first I'm gonna show Sylvia and
then I Sylvia can't get it that I'm
obviously gonna have to tell you guys
but this thing actually blew my mind so
there it is that's all it is
and what's going on what am i see once
you see it you can't unsee it what do
you see when you look at the image I see
shiny legs but they're not shining at
the bottom and some markers in sit
around and some markers and shit yeah
I'll come back to you guys in 30 seconds
and see if she has a different answer
nothing is it one of those where you
have to like move the screen don't kill
you guys moving the screen is not gonna
help
I'll tell you that right now when you
have your phone you can move it up and
down like this it's not gonna help okay
whoa
she just went to the comments what a
snake okay that's it that's it
what do you see I can't see anything I
don't know what do you mean is it two of
the same way two of the same leg comment
down below if you see it and don't cheat
okay I'm gonna know if you guys cheated
okay I'm not really gonna know but don't
cheat don't go down to the comments
right now which I know a lot of you guys
are sneaking and doing right now fucking
caught you don't do that and find the
answer because I know some of you guys
are definitely seen this before me but
if you don't know it don't be one of
those people that goes down to the
comments like I did it took me like 15
minutes of guessing and then I was like
hey Clark comments but don't go down to
the comments right away cuz it ruins the
fun so you just give up yes
okay guys if you're at home and you give
up the legs are not actually shiny
they're not I like that I actually shiny
why not what it's paint
yeah it's paint I see it assume this is
just paint that's just paint paint this
is just paint on her legs shininess go
away all of a sudden ya see once you see
it you can't unsee it I know
fuck that's crazy guys the shininess is
gone but it's literally in the perfect
position like the shininess is in the
perfect position there is no shininess
but it looks shiny
it doesn't look shiny anymore now I
can't see the shininess at all yeah no
it's not honestly this kind of still
looks this kind of still looks a little
bit shiny this knee right here guys it's
paint you played yourself tomorrow I'm
going to blow your
and again because I ended up fucking
buying this clear hot sauce yes this is
hot sauce I'm gonna taste it on
tomorrow's vlog get ready this shit is
going to be lit like there's I showed
you guys like some of the ones in the
stores those are way too high Scoville
units for me to actually taste and like
live so I bought a bearable one this is
made with moonshine it's literally
called clear hot sauce there's nothing
else to it you can see me behind hot
sauce what the fuck so I'm gonna try
that tomorrow and then if it goes
successful and if it's actually pretty
good which I'm sure will be like I love
my hot sauce I actually bought another
one I'm gonna attempt to make DIY clear
hot sauce apparently is like one special
ingredient like you know malic acid is
like the element behind sourness okay
there's something that makes things I
guess hot that's in like all the hot
peppers like it's like this compound
this chemical compound I might have to
find that and order it to make this
clear hot sauce I don't know what I'll
have to do quite yet maybe it's just
like water in that compound imagine if
it was that easy but look at this this
is the stuff that I actually also bought
this stuff is called Cholewa this is the
shit that I always used to rate a
burrito gringo and they don't have it
anymore I guess the one burrito location
that I always used to go to or I always
still go there I think they missed a
major shipment of the hot sauce and when
you get a shipment you get it in bulk
like heavy bulk
so one shipment means you're down for
like months without the hot sauce so
they've been having like this ghetto
random ass no name-brand hot sauce in
like these squirt ketchup bottles but I
always like this shit like this is my
go-to shit when I went there this or
even just the regular Cholewa hot sauce
is fucking so good so they don't have
that anymore so I had to buy my own so
that when I come home with my burrito I
could put that shit on every single time
and it makes it so much more delicious
guys so when we give Wolfie a little bit
of a haircut when he's passed out like
he is so tired right now and honestly
getting better with his hair pants look
at this we got these scissors that have
a friggin ball at the end so he can't
get poked and we've just been saying
good boy a lot like when he stays still
and then we cut some hairs we'll always
like give him a treat and stuff for now
he actually kind of trusts us with the
scissors enough to cut a bit of his hair
but Sylvia's just getting some of the
knots out as he literally looks like
Rufus the naked mole rat from kim
possible these days right
now it's just in a ball turn around he's
just well he's just like I'm done moving
this is not central guys let this focus
see all these black balls at the end
the hairs these are all knots and they
all cheese me this type of dog gets mad
knots he's not just like one of those
types of dogs that has short fur
obviously he has long and tangly fur and
he's always running around always
jumping on shit so it rolls up in balls
and tangles up just like if you have
like long leg hair I don't really have
long leg hair but there's leg hair
tangles we mean like I remember back in
the day mad people would go like this
like my leg hair is not that long I
always got made fun of for not having
long leg hair but you can go like this
really quickly roll it up into an
absolute ball okay like this and then
rip it out you see that ball mm-hmm Hey
oh oh there it is yeah I really heard
all right so it is that time of the vlog
I gotta show love back to my lawyer wolf
am so the active wolf fam who showed the
most love on Twitter today is BAM
Priscilla shout out to you Priscilla I
fuckin love you thank you for all the
support it means the world to you boy so
if you're watching this video everyone
just keep being active on my Twitter and
on my Instagram and in the youtube
comments too and if you didn't watch the
vlog yesterday I'm just gonna update you
guys everyday I'm gonna be picking one
active wolf fam and showing them some
love on the blog whether it be Twitter
whether it be Instagram whether it be in
the YouTube comments wherever I feel
like looking that day so just be active
on all three of those if you want some
love because you guys know I got to give
back to the wolf femme because you guys
have put me in the position I am in
today and I am very grateful
anyways Wolfie jr. is currently sitting
on the bathroom mat and this guy is
waiting to go to sleep so I think I'm
gonna go to sleep with him tonight he
slept like a baby in there last night
like we're getting really used to that
like we're getting really used to that
so that is such a plus so I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog if you did do not
forget to go down smash that like button
let's hit 25 motherfucking K thumbs up
okay well film yesterday's vlog it
absolutely amazing the one before that
did actually bless
like the vlogs that lit as hell right
out so keep up the support go down smash
that like button if you haven't already
also if you made to the very end of the
vlog I know a lot of you guys skip to
the end and then comment this first cuz
you guys are snakes but I love you guys
too that's how I know you guys watch the
vlogs regularly because you know I'm
asking for that comment at the end but
comment down below
bedtime is late because bedtimes usually
not live but I'm about to make bedtime
lit so coming up a little bedtime is lit
just because and honestly I feel like
I'm just gonna start telling you guys
the comments shit at the start of the
vlog to throw off the people that think
it
on the end then I'll start moving into
the middle just to funk with you guys
heads of hit anyways again I hope you
guys enjoyed and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savages in my main
channel and I'd always stay Savage I
know
