good morning ayo as good as your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
what's poppin guys I hope everybody is
having an amazing blast last day I am on
my way to bulk barn I'm picking up a few
video supplies today I don't know from
going to the States yet because Silvia
just told me that the package she
ordered to the states is showing up
tomorrow so we might go and just get
everything we've ordered tomorrow but I
have like three packages waiting for me
there today so I really wanted to film a
video with one of the things waiting in
those packages and Silvia is editing all
day today so like it's very tempting
just the go solo dolo by myself to the
states and pick them up I just really
want to bang out this video so I don't
know if I'm gonna do it a hundred
percent yet but I am on my way to bulk
burn then I'm going to like a few
different grocery stores and then I'm
gonna make a game-time decision so no
guarantees I'm going there yet but
regardless I have to pick up a bunch of
 today and I want to get my haircut
fixed again because it's already long
again it grows like in a week so the
struggle is real out here we're starting
with coffee and I'm going with Fairtrade
west dark roast coffee because that is
like the most bitter coffee you can see
oh my god look at these so I ended up
getting that I didn't even know I
needed I don't even know what these
seeds are but I got cranberries a bunch
of other stuff for this video this video
is going to be a banger I still have so
much stuff I can't find though so this
is an issue but we're powering through
it finding everything one by one
you know I said winter wasn't coming
guys I live it's windy it is
freezing outside today I didn't wear a
jacket because I was like yo it looks
kind of warm outside I played myself
again in Ottawa every single winter it
manages to snow even if it doesn't look
like there's gonna be snow there is
always snow so I don't know why I didn't
think about the head I'm gonna give the
car holy crap it's cold the wind just
blew my door shut okay let's see if you
can find the most bitter chocolate bar
on the shelf
you're right 90% the more cocoa supreme
dark not intense but supreme dark
chocolate we're got from one of those
guys I'm telling you this is the most
bitter chocolate where you will find it
is not the chocolate bar I'd go for I'd
go for milk chocolate regularly but I
mean this all you got to do I also found
some other stuff that I didn't think I'd
find in the store so we are almost done
shopping for my supply so we might have
time to go to the States today this one
right
it says can you pick it up what's there
right there right to the right these not
no reassign that's the left
yeah those yeah these are them right you
see them okay okay the last thing I need
is called a Jerusalem artichoke or a
sunchoke I think that's the other name
it goes by I called my mom to see if she
knew where to pick them up and Loblaws
is not the place they only sell regular
artichokes but I need the certain one so
I'm gonna go to produce depot or produce
leave I don't know you guys say I say
produce so that's how it is and pick out
the freshest produce hopefully they have
it if they don't have it then there's
farm boy that might have it there's just
all these healthy food places so I think
produce people should have it my mom
checked online and some people said that
they found it there so I'm just gonna go
in ask and get the heck out of there all
I know is this place better sell all the
fresh produce that I need today even
though I only need one thing let's see
how fast I can actually get this and
then get it Ally grow three minutes in
we found it we're good to go I don't
know if it's this or this though hi guys
turns out it is this this is what we
need which is this the look how
disgusting this is
I got imagine using that celery-root
stop that's gross what the hell
they sell cactus leaves with the spikes
still on them family what is the ass
Wow okay I'm done here what are those
what are those what are those what are
those what are those what are those oh
my god this is edible
this is my dragon egg like what the
amount of unknown fruits and vegetables
in that store honestly scares me there's
so many things I've never seen of never
heard of there was something called
winter melon but there was also bitter
melon in there which I needed I
should've just went there from the
get-go I don't know why I played myself
like that they sold basically almost
everything that I needed so it could
have been a one-stop shop so shout out
to produce depot for selling the weird
supplies that I need for my videos so
your boilers just hooked up with a fresh
cut I don't need to wear my hat anymore
I put it over there and actually when I
got to the barber shop Dida and Bongo
were there so DJ got his hair cut and
then Bongo and him went to go pick up
food and they caught me a burrito so I'm
one of the boys house for a bit to munch
cuz we're all starving as hell right now
and I'm gonna try and convince them to
come to the states with me I know I
haven't gone it's 1:30 right now it's
not that late it's literally like an
hour away an hour back so it's not too
much time out of the day I'm gonna go
regardless of if they come or not but
it's always nice to have some company
for the drive so let's see if I can
convince them to come three so guys I
arrived at the boys house this is the
big burrito that I'm about to muck but
you know can't eat a burrito without my
sriracha even though it's not open I'm
gonna show you what this breats looks
like hold up unboxing Hey
but guys we're looking at places to go
in LA because we're going to LA soon and
I found the house check it out private
theater notebook on the TV though let's
go
definitely wasn't the notebook but you
know this room just ruined everything
for me so we can't say that anymore
is only ten grand a night so perfect for
profits oh ho legit that bad rumor and
everything it's a shame so YouTube I
have a quick bone to pick with you guys
I've been seeing as I've been tweeting
out pictures of the YouTube rewind and
my goal was kinda to be in it this year
and if not this year next year so what's
poppin I feel like I've done a decent
amount for the YouTube scene this year
you know it was my come up year I'm
still waiting on my DM I'm still waiting
on my email you know I just please just
put me in the YouTube rewind I can dance
I can do whatever you want I could be
the biggest Savage in the rewind this is
my application my begging application to
be in YouTube rewind 2017 or
make 2016 and a half for you boy but
yeah guys we have not left to the states
ya bongos just downstairs on a business
phone call so we still gotta wait for
him but Bongo and DJ are both reaching
quick little trip to the states
hopefully the traffic's not too bad
congratulations you played yourself on
the time that we thought we were gonna
go oh I thought this is glued to
the wall so I'm filling up gasps now we
are finally on the road to the States
Bongo and DJ just ran in the corner
store literally called the corner store
to get snacks and a Red Bull feeling a
little bit tired but hopefully we do not
hit rush hour because it's four o'clock
right now as you guys can see there is
some traffic so I think we might hit a
bit of rush hour but we're also kind of
headed to like nowhere so I don't know
if there's gonna be too many people
headed to her work oh I saw it should be
good it should be good but I gotta fill
up the gas so that the car does not just
absolutely stop in the middle of the
highway always make sure to collect your
receipts once you get gas and this ride
is going to be blessed because your boy
doesn't even have to DJ even though I
have Apple music and I love listening to
all these songs that I've never heard
Bongo actually has like four of Drake's
new tracks he just dropped four bangers
and he's showing me them I can't believe
I didn't download them or hear them
before Bongo or DJ but they are huge ovo
huge Drake fans so listening a new Drake
always gives me chills because it's
 disgusting so we just listened
to two of the songs and as soon as they
come back out of the corner store I'm
gonna hear the other two the first two
are fire oh my god man Scott is not make
bad music he doesn't know how so we just
called them we're in rush hour right now
but it closes at 6:00 it's 450 right now
and literally if we go as fast as
possible we're gonna make it there for
like 6:05
so hopefully they stay open an extra
five minutes we still have to go through
the border we out in this bitch it's
still light outside which means it's
before six o'clock because it usually
gets dark here
is my US address the guys are there and
we are picking up the packages if we
were late I was going to call them just
be like man give him a big sob story
we're coming from Canada
even though mad people that just come
here are coming from Canada but we came
like 10 hours to get this stuff so just
please just leave it out front luckily I
don't have to do that sob story because
we're actually on time FedEx right there
this guy's doing the biggest Park job of
life with his huge 18-wheeler holy
so we are at the Walmart that we went to
last time and birds are up there
tripping out right now you can see that
cloud of birds look at that look at that
traveling in a group oh yeah we
got to pick up talkies if they sell
talkies here for a jad because that's
his Pacific request job there in talkies
for you row we're gonna have to get
these rip offs and you're gonna have to
lie in your title longer just spotted
Chester is wrong with always just he
ain't the cheeto one it's only two
dollars year but he's trying to be in so
bad
it's his cousin Brooke he's oculus a
always older he's wheels
yes way older he's like then he has a
more orange shade than yeah he's like
the wash boat and his nose is a lot more
round so this is me and that's Ryan Wow
weird so guys I got one of these cake
makers I'm probably gonna make one of
these jello cakes cuz I've seen these
all over the place these are
dope also someone please send nudes just
send the nudes hurry up so guys we are
back from the states I just got home and
just finished taking a 20-minute nap
with Wolfie literally this guy was so
tired I couldn't resist I had to cuddle
up with him on the bed but now it is
time to edit my blog also look at these
guys I got a package in the mail I
thought it was a computer part so I kind
of got amped because my mom called me
she's like there's a big package for you
at the house you need to come get it
ASAP because we both thought it was like
the last part for Mike well the last
three parts for my computer because I've
been waiting to set up the new computer
and I'm missing the essential Oz parts
for the computer so can't build it
without those so we thought it was that
and then saw on this blue little sheet
of paper it says it is from YouTube this
might be my play button
I don't know 100% if it is my play
button I hope it is if not the youtubes
gonna prank me I'm gonna head up my vlog
quickly and then we are gonna open this
together because I want to have this
moment with the wolf famke scratch what
I said about opening the 1 million play
button ok I thought about it and I think
I'm gonna do a
channel video on it because it means a
little more to me you guys saw when I
hit a million subscribers I cried I'm
definitely gonna talk about it on my
main channel because I'm pretty sure I'm
not 100% sure I hit one mil on my main
channel first so I'm guessing it is the
play button for my main channel and not
more wolfy if more wolfy came in first
and that would be weird it would
have been blessed to get them both at
the same time but I hit it on more wolfy
way like later I'm already at like 3.5
million subscribers on the main channel
so I'm gonna do a main Channel video on
that hopefully they sent me the right
name though because I've been seeing a
lot of youtubers that have been getting
their YouTube play buttons mixed up so I
really don't want that to be me I know
the sub box is a good you up so
maybe YouTube's not on their game right
now but don't worry guys I'm gonna make
up for it by doing two things so the
first thing I'm gonna do is I have a
special announcement for you guys
basically because the wolf fam support
me every single day like on a daily
basis you guys are insane with the
support you give me I want to get back
to you guys so I'm going to start every
single day on my vlogging channel
shouting out one lucky person whoever is
the most active that day that I see them
tweeting at me that I see them liking
retweeting all my tweets that I see them
liking and commenting on my Instagram
pics whoever that person is for the day
I'm gonna be randomly shouting out one
wolf fam member each day at least each
day that I do these logs which is pretty
much every day so I have to do to get a
shout out is just like all my Instagram
pics at Wolfie comment on every single
one of them that I drop stay super
active on that and on Twitter - I've
always DM you guys on Twitter so go to
my Twitter stay even more active on that
so like my tweets like I said retweet my
tweets and I'm gonna be shouting Whoopie
be mine bro that's my gold play button
thing I think it's my gold play bunny oh
like I was saying guys just be super
active and I will shout one person from
the wolf panel every single day in my
blog at some point in time I don't know
if it's gonna be at the start I don't
know if it's gonna be in the end I don't
know if it's gonna be in the middle but
for today the person I'm shouting out is
BAM Sierra aka Biebs Dolan's I always
see retweeting my I always see you
commenting on my so shut it - you
you are the wolf a member of the
day let's get it so the second thing I'm
going to do to make up for the unboxing
that I'm not doing today is Wolfie
please please bro please is I have
skittles I have a lot of skills I was
supposed to use them in my first cotton
candy video okay but I didn't get around
to using them but this girl has been
tweeting at me
all day I forget who was but she's been
saying try this DIY skills thing it's
like this thing when you put skittles
all around the outside of a plate and
then just put water in the plate Evan
it's supposed to make something really
dope so I'm gonna go in my kitchen we're
gonna try it out
whoa peas gonna join us you're such a
troublemaker you're such a troublemaker
let's grab these skittles and go
circular and none of these are
circular plates luckily I actually
bought some paper plate to
everything so I'm gonna try this
Yolo this how you got to open them okay
here we go kind of small but I didn't go
so work hey guys so you got to start by
opening the skittles this part is really
easy just grab a handful and make sure
they're just like random colors all
around the outside so what we're gonna
do is place them around the outside of
this plate like so don't put two colors
that are the same together because
honestly it's just gonna make it look a
boring so spread the colors out evenly
and then I'll come back to you guys when
I'm done that honestly what it looks
like so far I don't know if the plates
too small but yeah why God is here so
we're not going to up okay so this
is the color pattern that I chose to go
with let's just make sure all these
skittles are right against the edge guys
push them all against the edge and if
you can have as little room as possible
between them that's probably better so
now we got my water I filled up a
measuring cup with water and what we're
gonna do is pour the water into the
middle of the plate and just watch what
happens this is all it is guys easiest
 magic trick of life so make sure
everything gets nice and wet I think
that should be enough water okay maybe a
little more water maybe a little more uh
yeah okay there we go
so everything's soaked as you guys can
see it's already starting from this side
but check this rainbow effect how
 trippy is this hold on I must
speed this up BAM
okay it's been about 10 seconds and this
is what has happened so far like it's
literally almost an instant reaction
it's a crazy rainbow effect the
Purple's are lit the oranges are nice
this orange blended in with this red but
it's all good they're going into the
center so I don't know what happens when
they reach the center but how cool is
this easy as magic together in
my life look at this guy's like that's
 crazy okay guys now I'm gonna
 this up because honestly it worked
shut up to the girl who sent me that on
 Twitter told me to do that
because this is dope as hell you guys
know I love this cool all of the
color on the skittles is starting to
come off like if you guys can see that
it's all going to the middle obviously
but it's starting to come off so
skittles are naturally white I don't
know if you guys knew that but you learn
something new every day so check this
out now we're gonna go like this mix it
around and see what happens okay it's a
 show it's an absolute show now
we're gonna do a taste test kind of
tastes like vitamin water so if you guys
want to make ghetto vitamin water all
you need skittles okay skittles and
water I've just been looking at myself
for like the past 30 minutes because
I've been working on something on
Photoshop it's godly and then here's
what happened when I tried printing
something out for a video so basically
Sylvia ran out of ink and this is what
it showed up as literally just like you
can't even you can't even see the fluent
anymore so I just texted my mom and she
replied surprisingly I like it's 3 a.m.
right now and I told her to print it out
for me in the morning so I can pick it
up at the gym and then I need to go get
it laminated for my main channel video I
have a really good idea and I want to
execute it properly so it needs to be
done tomorrow early in the morning so I
have all day to prepare for it but on
that note it being 3 a.m. I'm gonna go
to bed now I have to wake up early
tomorrow I always have to wake up early
and I'm never able to so I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did don't forget
to go in smack that like button let's
hit 25,000 wolf AM okay
if all my active wolf am go down and
smash that like button right now I know
will destroy 25,000 likes so go
smash that like button also if you made
it to the very end of the blog comment
this down below so I know you've made it
to the very end comment get off the bed
Wolfie so cheese get off the bed Wolfie
comment that down below I'll see you
guys soon on mobile
we stay a little bit more established in
my main channel and as always stay
savage leggo
