good morning a let's get it to where
we'll be welcome back to more Wolfie
today is a special day because Silvia
has actually made me a breakfast so as
we got the turkey lunch special so we
have English muffins eggs turkey and
then some turkey sausages she got me
orange juice and coffee update on my
video guys the subscription boxes seem
to be doing fine overnight because the
video is poppin so thank you so much for
the support ain't no better song to wake
up in the morning right here and about
20 minutes on let's go check out a house
with my mom my dad my mom texting me
about it my mom wants me to try and get
into real estate and housing with her
because she's obsessed with it so I told
her I was bored Sunday I haven't seen my
mom my dad other than last night but
they went to bed early so imma go oh so
traffic is completely stopped I'm pretty
sure there's like a couch what the
there's literally a couch on the road
for some reason there's a couch on the
road this guy just got out of his car
what is going on right now this is so
trippy literally I just held up one of
the busiest streets Wow okay so someone
threw a couch on the road I guess
shut up to this guy for removing it look
at this that's hilarious cut a couch and
a baby see someone just threw it on
there
but yeah I'm halfway there I'm gonna be
there at about five to ten minutes to
meet up with my mom my dad I think
they're already there I'm running late
but I got Bryson tiller bumping in the
car and we're turning up on the way
there by myself I just pulled up now my
mom is still not here so I'm calling her
to figure out where she is how did I get
here before her I have no idea this is
some old school looking at with Scrabble
don't kill me the oldest Scrabble
birding books some like weird stuff a
mirror you know what this room is but
this is the biggest pipe I've ever seen
right next to the laundry room backyard
you know this isn't old school yeah
furnace that's what I said these green
carpets as a cigar
oh wow oh no you could clear this out
and fit a lot of stuff Wow mad stuff in
this garage guys like a little birdhouse
they were making your assumption
medicine balls exercise balls upstairs
with a little balcony over here more
bird feeders and stuff like that this
person who ever lived here really rated
Birds got nice paintings this is dope he
puts over here another bedroom look how
old-school this bedroom is these for
carpets though oh my god oh my god oh my
god kind of shook in this room haunted
house looking at this I'm guessing is
the master bedroom these carpets trip me
out oh my god
with this washroom this is so that
wheelchairs can get in the shower very
accessible house a second balcony these
guys have a second balcony with more
bird feeders I can't believe this oh no
goes onto the main balcony it goes onto
the main balcony over here and then
there's actually mad space down here
which I didn't really realize before
some area back there with a shed this is
a very cool like space piece of land
that the house is on for sure nice hill
there go tobogganing and skiing through
those trees so we just finished looking
at the house honestly very old school
but it is a nice spot has a nice like
location the house needs a lot of work
but now we're gonna go check out another
spot that the girl told us about she
said there's like a blast bot right down
the road so I'm just gonna turn around
here and go check it out them cheese my
dad's already zooming away from me this
guy goes too fast
how am I supposed to keep up and see
this part of my dad's driving out like a
hundred billion miles an hour so we just
picked up candles from Bath and Body
Works they got so many cool candles here
we got vanilla because we know is always
a go-to flavor it smells up the whole
room $0.10 we got vanilla scent but
there really gets mine so seeing
although it has an iPad
boots I need new boots and I rates do
they even have my size ok 13 what really
let's see like one pair boots this is
amazing guys this is amazing I don't
have to ok we go from side to side ok I
don't read any of these
I'm cheese these are the boots that I'm
looking for simple simple simple or
these and they don't have them important
Sylvia's buying stuff I was just walking
in some dude was so confused as to what
I was doing he literally asked of
employees likewise this guy holding
camera to his face so I had to explain
them what vlogging was told him
subscribe so I think I got an extra
subscriber today bless so I've been
trying these black suede boots out and I
have my shoe off right now I'm waiting
for another pair I think the brown
leather ones are coming on now in my
size alright guys so I ended up ordering
the boots and 13 the leather ones I
didn't try them on until the very last
but they look the best of me apparently
so I got them now I'm just looking at
bras you know I gotta find a new bra for
my huge man boobs
so I'm actually in the nicest store pink
shout out to pink for being here mad
fans are in this store so we just met it
took a lot of pictures of fans okay
we're not actually buying bras with me
so they're shopping for bras and I'm
just in here standing awkwardly with my
damn candles so I'm trying to get out of
here and go in H&M
I want a jacket now now that I got boots
I need a jacket guys so I'm in H&M and I
just bawled out well I didn't ball out
yet but I brought to Bala I'm gonna get
a new fall coat some sweaters I got a
bunch of just had a mini fan meetup
in the front some kids came in so this
is what I'm getting got my boots now I
just need to find some new pants for
winter even though I just imelda pants
for H&M so I got a stock up about new
pants maybe like next week and then I'm
good so guys it turns out I have well
check this out first of all but I have a
disease I wanted to come clean about it
for the longest time I have no more
phobia okay no more phobia I know a lot
of you guys probably have it too comment
down below if you have no more phobia
fear of being away from your mobile
phone literally it couldn't be any more
true okay I can't get it out of there
but I can't be away from my phone for
more than two minutes without being like
sick to my stomach so okay Zara swag is
beyond me I have no clue this is for
girls
the bottom that is or this like yeah by
the way this is one thing okay guys the
gray and black is one thing I got my
stuff from H&M though we balled out
where's my dog my dog come here jump
Wolfie jump come get me come here come
here come on Wolfie he's only on the
fourth place only twice he is at our
house crazy wild man good boy good boy
so guys I just got home and I have food
right here warmed up water we're about
to munch out and then open this mail
because I got more mail alright as
moment of truth to see what the hell is
in this package it sounds like Orbeez
I'm cheese if it is Orbeez you know what
we're gonna have to do it'll be back
eventually because I guess I ordered so
much so I completely forgot about that
I'm just have so many that I can little
up a bat so here we go
and look at that would you look at that
 Orbeez Orbeez alright some more
Orbeez SACEM some more Orbeez okay what
are these let me guess Orbeez Orbeez
okay maro bees thank you let me take
these and add them to my or be pile
right there my room is an absolute mess
as you guys can see but holy crap but
I'm comfy as hell my new jacket my new
sweater oh my god
your boys probably gonna be looking
fresh for one fall in his life so guys
before I go in edit at my parents house
we are gonna try on the Halloween
costume we got him if you guys remember
couple blocks ago we got him the dog
vampire costume
aka just a cape Wolfie Jun is way cuter
than this Gatos oh oh he's ready
where's the red bird doesn't your Oh
there's also advertising no there it is
wait is this made out of confetti no
equalizes ding what what is going on
right ok that's what it looks like how
the hell are you supposed to put this on
him so the choke mutters he's like
ripping it hey Sylvia's doing cuz I
don't know I'm doing so hey dog why are
you how do you oh alright guys so this
is what it looks like this is all the
best we could do from Dollarama walk hey
walk buddy walk with your key go to her
the caves a little too big
alright it's not as cute as it looks in
the picture wolfy DZ the camera
you see the camera do something for it
come on
sit good boy hi there's the banana split
coming down on his head he's standing on
his back legs oh oh my god good boy good
boy look at that balance I'm balanced
okay
Wolvie he's pissed
hey nice banana split buddy nice banana
split here pose for the camera
hey buddy pose for the camera was there
ice cream here what there is because I
brought up banana split oh this costume
yeah come back in here hey I already
asked a banana split just set up my
editing location watching some house
show nobody's actually watching it my
mom is about to be watching it in her
corner dad's working back there
somewhere brother just got home so turn
off you guys already know I'm going home
I'm gonna need a late-night snack this
is where I come to get my healthy food
so just grab an apple here Wolfie
Junior's exhausted but I'm gonna blast
music on the ride home so that he can't
sleep right won't be so over it you guys
know me I always like to recycle was the
garbage at put everything in the garbage
there we go
Tom home now and I wanted to watch a
video because earlier on YouTube today I
saw this video it's like this is how
colorblind people see and honestly I've
never been checked to see if I am
colorblind
I know I've definitely had some
arguments with a bunch of people on what
color is what in certain situations so I
just whipped up a colorblind test test
your color vision and we're going to
take it together to see if your boy is
colorblind I don't think I am but I
possibly could be so I guess let's
 start this test so when I'm
taking this test all the wolf am at home
watching this vlog right now take the
test with me and then comment after your
the test because I'm going to show you
everything that I see if you passed or
failed the test or if you're color blind
or not color blind so here we go you'll
see an image composed of small dots the
image is only shown for a short period
of time look for a number that is hidden
in the pattern of dots the number will
be a single digit from one to nine
select the appropriate button to
indicate what you see in each image you
can also type the corresponding number
on a keyboard or numeric keypad so here
we go I'm going to show you guys I got a
vlog and hold this at the same time so I
got my mouse here and let's begin this
test start now okay that's a for
definitely seven five that one's harder
to see but it's easier to see on camera
six
that one's harder to see but that's a
four to seven oh my god is that a three
oh my god am i blind three bro tell me
that's an eight why is it so okay what
the is that I might be colorblind I
might be colorblind unsure I'm unsure
about that oh my god
four okay four four four four six okay I
can see though again those ones were
hard as before holy holy
only three eight five holy no I'm
guessing that's a - it - that is a
four um that's another - I might be
color blind guy come on come on come on
eight holy
am i blind eye what the people are
probably okay ah I see something I see a
three - oh my god this is her normal
color vision okay
you are able to see the hidden shape in
all or nearly all of the test conditions
this indicates a high probability for
having normal color vision plus a skull
you just look up color blind test and is
probably the first one that comes up my
but I got normal color vision so I guess
the boy can see normal but I probably
still need to shop for glasses i Loki
had glasses back in the day I don't
really wear them but I thought they were
cool back in the day so I think I have
them somewhere they're probably
somewhere on this earth but I just don't
wear them now let me take a
vision test show them to everyone that
knows this old school ass vision test I
don't know how far I'm supposed to be
away from it so I don't think I can take
it I think you actually need to print
out like a massive sheet of paper to
take this test have it on a wall stand
in a certain distance and then take it
but you know what I'm just going to take
it from right here and see what I can
see we got an E ok maybe this is a
little too easy the FP OTEC I'm already
past 20/20 vision so PE z o l c f TB
boom let's go 20-billion vision wolfies
got it the reason I had to do all this
testing is because I saw like an image
like this on YouTube where I was like
this is how colorblind people see and I
was like what the heck is this why is
this strawberry like Chrome green I was
tripping out so I had to take the test
to make sure somebody just told me that
she gave Wolfie jr. haircut and it's bad
so I'm seeing the review right now it's
bringing around yeah yeah I see him huh
why is his hair so patchy that's why you
don't give own hair against two dogs he
wouldn't let me do it anymore after that
hey buddy he looks so heartbroken ok
he's so mad
let me see his bum really he wouldn't
let me finish this many see his monsters
get really antsy so I just let me see it
oh
take care this guy I've never cut your
hair like yeah thank you
odd naraku's hair like that so cute I
think it looks fine just like an old man
now it's simple as old man we're
taking to get a haircut tomorrow yeah
fix this it's like barber what do you
want to my life up fem say no more
lookin s alright so it's come to that
time it is fan mail time you already
know what it is I have mad family back
there that yeah
to unopen so I'm gonna open a bunch of
these right now you guys know
how this works you guys sent me stuff
I'm gonna open it
p.o box in the description of every
single one of my goddamn videos but
let's do this okay so the first letter I
got is from Landon from Michigan so
shuttle fuel in and get a real MVP
already before I even write hi my name
is Landon and I absolutely love your
videos you always make me laugh I love
your DIY videos make a jello shot last
video woo
I got you okay Lenny I still have yet to
do a jello shot last video and
I've been doing jello and I still have
not done a jello shot so I might just
 do that
my favorite video is how to unlock any
iPhone without the passcode that's a
banger classic video I've been a
subscriber to your channel since 80 K
and I really love your channel wolf your
apps and more Wolfie thank you for
reading great job on your YouTube career
keep up the good work and congrats on
your new house thank you very much
Landon that means the world to me and I
got you on the jell-o shot
glasses
y'all ready no I'm gonna put on my DIY
wolfy face and I'm gonna successfully do
it get the thumbs up button if you guys
really want to see the jello
shot glasses and I will make them for
you if we can get let's say forty
thousand likes on this vlog I will make
the jello shot glasses okay so the next
one I got is from Julie and it doesn't
say where it came from California I
think okay maybe California and this is
 hilarious literally the whole
message says dear Wolfie
add me on snapchat its butters that's it
wolf am forever there's no letter she
also sent this team Abarth which is dope
as hell and this wolf fam for life but
literally other than that is no writing
it's just add me on snapchat so Julie as
soon as I'm done opening all these
packages your boy is gonna add your
snapchat you did it for the snap at okay
that is dedication I respect that so I'm
gonna have you the next thing we got is
from Melissa from Cali it says open on
camera so that's exactly what I'm gonna
do dear wolfy I've watched your videos
for the longest time I'm a big fan of us
Sylvia and of course will be jr. thank
you very much and I also love t-mobile
but King Wolfie is the best our yardie
daughter this King Wolfie savage will be
gay I won't female Wolfie um soft fluffy
okay there's just too many walkies so my
name is Melissa I have three dogs two
birds one fish one turtle one guinea pig
holy you literally have a farm but
you probably don't care because you're
stuck
like that though I definitely care you
definitely have like 17 more animals
than I have thank you very much Melissa
I appreciate that shout out to callie
callie's the bomb coming there
soon fan meetup you already know today's
low fan meetup is gonna be lit soon okay
so the next one I got is from Steven
from Indiana so Stevens been a huge fan
of me and my youtube channel Congrats on
your new house it looks dope as
I've been subscribed to your channel
since 2014 that's that's the start okay
that's throwback so I appreciate that
and have been watching videos non-stop
just waiting for more to see what comes
and happens next in your life okay let's
go if you could follow me on Twitter
please it would make my day so I could
finally stop checking my notifications
to see if you follow me every day also
before I leave your dog I would like to
say it's about damn time Twitter
verified King Wolfie yes it is okay
that's all I gotta say about that
Twitter finally put some respect on my
name and they verified your voice we
also got something else here of course
it is a wolf and the moon I'm
framing this right beside my damn Birds
my pigeons these little chickadee
look at us and the last little letter
that I'm opening today is this lucky one
it says hashtag wolf em on the front so
let's get it poppin okay legit tripped
out because I thought these hands were
drawn and I almost snapped I was
like kid there's no way someone drew
those hands so flawlessly but they
printed it up and glued it on so that
takes effort shut to Sofia okay shut it
to Sofia yo what's good my name is Sofia
I want you in your girlfriend's channel
and I made a YouTube account just so I
can subscribe you guys that
loyal ass wolf am support right there
I've been watching your videos for ages
and possibly think I'm your biggest fan
there's Sophia my biggest fan let me
know in the comments down below who
thinks there are more loyal part of the
wolf am than Sophia put your hands up
hit the light one Duke there's a wolf on
the bottom right here howling and it
says Wolfie that's dope as hell and the
current subs probably when she sent a
letter so thank you very much we hit
three mil we are the road to 4 mil it's
nothing but up from here let's go okay
now that I finished reading those I
really know how to talk to you guys
about something tomorrow I'm thinking
about going back to the states because
remember this wubble bubble unpoppable
and I told you I'm gonna fill with
helium I'm probably gonna fill it with
water but the thing is this is the
global bubble okay I don't think it's
the most powerful one but this thing
definitely gets huge but there's
actually these things called super
wobbles I think and I ordered them
online not too long ago and I'm pretty
sure they're in the states right now
that little town and I went to to pick
them up Ogden's burg so I might go and
pick them up early in the morning if I
can wake up early cuz it honestly wasn't
that bad of a drive and I really want to
film that video tomorrow I have a
 blessed idea so I am thinking
about going but that means I have to go
to bed early but you can get them to
bring it to your house but last time I
did that it took like an extra four to
five days and I don't feel like waiting
those extra four to five days to pick up
these freaking little glow bubbles or
super levels low-key I've been craving
that dirty drinko place that I went to
with David I was there so like honestly
why not just go back to the states you
say what up maybe pick up a few more
supplies alone there okay guys so I just
had Sylvia write out a list for what I
need to pick up tomorrow if I don't want
to the states and I have a bunch of
other stuff planned for another video
tomorrow early so I'm gonna try and get
up for 8 a.m. that is the goal 8 a.m.
but that means I have to end the vlog
there because it's already 1:20 right
now 1:20 a.m. so I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog if you did do not forget to go
down and smash that like button I'm
trying to eat 25 K likes
okay Wolff M if you haven't hit the like
button already go down smash it right
now also committed to the very end of
the vlog comment this down below so I
know you made it in your loyal
ass supporter that watches the whole
blog it doesn't skip through because
you're a snake okay blacks comment down
below don't forget the dandelions
because those are a key ingredient I
need to pick up tomorrow do not forget
to dandelions I hope there's some out in
the public I don't know if you're
supposed to eat them but Yolo so comment
down below and again I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage
college
