good morning ayo escaped werewolf you
welcome back to more wolfy right now I
am just starting to edit my video
luckily I did all of the rough draft of
the video which takes a lot of time it's
giving out what you know you don't want
to use in the video now I'm just gonna
add music sound effects and I cut out a
bit more the video so it shouldn't take
too long I did this like it's saved time
today so I can kick that more so let's
open the program here and let's get it
fucking pop alright guys so the video is
finally exporting you already know what
it is it's early in the day so I still
have time to film another video which
I'm amped about look at the meal that
was just brought to me by Silvia their
sister is in town and she just cooked
the most blessed chicken alfredo ever I
got some cheesy garlic bread like what I
got that I got my water I'm just waiting
for the video to finish exporting that
I've loaded down my schedule for
uploading tonight or tomorrow I don't
really know let me turn it down I only
know if I'm gonna upload tonight or
tomorrow depends on if YouTube's partner
still but I think David's gonna come
over soon and we're gonna film this
Bangor video I want to do a food
challenge because I haven't done one of
those in a minute because a lot of you
guys are still waiting on that I was
looking through my videos today and
there was a McDonald's one way down here
that I completely forgot to do another
food challenge with where is it where is
it right here this burger challenge was
lit as fuck I know a lot of you guys
like that video and I had a lot of fun
film in that video it was just fun to go
to McDonald's and troll so that's kind
of a hint at what I will be doing so
expect that in the next book and week
maybe a few days we'll see but there's a
lot of videos that I still need to do
like part two part three so I literally
always tell you I'm gonna do it and then
I get caught up in another video and I
never end up doing it so there's so many
videos on my channel did I need to make
a sequel too
so don't worry I think I'm gonna take
like maybe a month to just do sequels to
everything that I've done because
there's so many fucking dope video ideas
that I need to do the sequel to like I
owe you guys another texting prank
another actual prank another DIY gummy
fucking pumpkin or something involving
Halloween there's so many videos that I
still need to do so don't worry I see
them I gotta get on them I will get on
okay guys so not McDonald's right now
waiting on the challenge that I said I'm
doing I'm not gonna mention much more
about it but just know being a hundred
dollar burger challenge so that's
definitely not it
without it anyways guys as you can see
King wolf is out the front I'm not
getting any food for myself because guy
wolf he's alive that day is still alive
why we in Lingala Nelson but for the vid
oh the subscribers know the wolf am
knows that only by mcdonalds when it's
for a bit or by bad food when it's for a
bit which happens to be every second day
it's all good
so guys that's what the sink looks like
after we're done filming it was a banger
look forward to that in the main channel
but i wanted to show you guys something
real quick look at this these Kit Kat
chunky bars that I bought for Sylvia
they look really nice okay but if you
feel them they are absolutely melted and
you're wondering why why would they be
melted just sitting in a house like is
it that hot no we don't use the
dishwasher in this house but the
dishwasher is being used right now the
dishwasher is under these dishes okay
and so it was just resting on there for
like the past two hours and these things
are fucking like completely melted look
at this barter yes
I'm literally squishing the chocolate
this is so weird she played herself
so guys I'm chilling with wolfy jr. here
bout to start editing my blog David left
for a bit we're gonna meet up later and
Sylvia is getting praying for my dad
right now so dad you're getting I'm
getting revenge on you by the way so he
was asking my dad for help about like
her website and then he is asking your
mom to ask your asking my mom Josh my
dad number for some unknown a after all
this time I don't I have his number so
I'm like Mandy is because his number why
don't I have it so she gives me a number
and I text and I'm like add my number
it's like I don't respond to unknown
numbers my God my fitted folia then he
just kept going on pretending like he
doesn't know who I am and pretending
like I have the wrong number and then my
mom sent Silvia this text what text and
mandy's I started to believe it and like
Mandy is it did you actually give me the
wrong number it's justin difficuit dad
laughing he's dying at his own Freddie
you think you're funny hey Dad you think
you're getting away with this nobody
pranks my girlfriend do you think your
number got leaked ah that's the problem
you think your number got leaks blast
let me actually leak it give my dad's
number take seven a trouble 90212 he's
still going on your
that picture like we're coming for you
hidden cameras everywhere revenge Frank
and he's like I'm really becoming
concerned now you have mixed me up with
someone else I think I'm just sitting
here watching lawrence welk of my
goldfish was bad this is my dad kind of
Frank Sylvia so bad
that I'm pranking you you're next I
never got you after I did mom's prank be
a friggin killer Klown prank and I never
actually got you I still owe you from
like the car prank time ago so guys hit
that like button if you want to see me
prank my dad cuz he thinks he's like
trying to prank Sylvia but only I prank
Sylvia and only I Frank my dad and only
I prank who's this I'm sending a video
of you threatening Frank oh no God dad
you're dead so I brother said him and
Destin were filming at the gym so I had
to pull up with wolfy jr. yard you know
what it is oh my god there's a mess in
there Sylvia and her sister are just
watching scary movies for the rest of
the night but I'm not about that life I
wanted to go home see the family so I
brought the dog because I know they like
the dog I don't know if the dogs ever
been in the gym but shit going on oh my
god alright go run quick this dog is yay
well he's chasing everyone my brother
fell well he's like oh my god people
people new humans you need to take him
to go meet other fucking dogs
wolf you gotta meet other dogs I don't
know what this happened in this room but
there's a lot of fucking paper here and
the dog is loving it dog is on it no
more masks guys there's absolutely no
more mess I got wolfy jr. this guy has
literally been shaking for 15 minutes
straight he doesn't really want to be
here just wants to be on the ground but
I'm afraid if I let him on the ground
he's gonna think this is a real grass
even though it's turf Java to human 2.0
for having to if you guys should come
here and Ottawa okay blessed anyways I'm
afraid he'll think it's turf and then
he'll pee on the ground and I don't want
to have him pee on the gym ground I
don't know if I'm supposed to have him
here right now but but you look at that
shot control alright guys it's going up
there one shot will he junior ready
we're doing a quick little flick yay oh
come on come on come on
BAM handstand wall handstand wall
control control I got it
time to go I'm exposing my dad right now
Sylvia he's showing Zack the text look
at my mom's looking do you mean I don't
even know just who's that bald blood guy
exactly who is that bald black guy yeah
why do you know the text I don't know my
gosh my ranking field is morale watching
Bob watch your car so I lost track of
time guys it's 3:30 in the morning I'm
headed home right now Sylvia's passed
out she called me I'm supposed to be
home like hours ago black but good
talking hello here wolfy G is absolutely
exhausted he really wants to go home
he's been cuddling up on me for the past
20 minutes can't go home without
stealing a snack from now so take one of
these apples for a road I don't think
I'm filming or editing tomorrow so I
think I might come back here 8:00 or I
might go shopping or something Sylvia
wants to go shopping so one of the two
but it is a heavy off day for me and off
day I mean I'm still doing the vlog but
still always got a grind
kofi ready were you eating cat food are
you doing you're guilty what were you
doing you're a snake okay let's roll I
just dropped Dustin off at home and now
I am headed home with wolfy jr. and you
already know there is no better way to
head home than to fucking bump some Tory
Lanez
so let's get it fizzle it is it lit just
let guys in bed right now it has to be
quiet and the vlog up there if you guys
enjoyed the vlog make sure to give it a
big thumbs up that's nice twenty-five
thousand likes on this blog let's get it
well they also know one chance to
comment on tumblr so I know you made it
to the very end of the blog so comment
down below
late night gang comment down below late
mag dang
4 a.m. right now and I'm still fucking
awake anyways again it'll be has enjoyed
too long I'll see you guys soon amore
will be stay a little more sapper to my
main channel and as always stay savage
blackout
