good morning AOS get away wolfy welcome
back to more motherfucking wolfy today
we are getting groceries currently we
just dropped the puppy off in my mom but
he is acting like a fool right now so we
have to pick him up because my mom can't
drive with him and then we're gonna
bring him to my mom's house then we're
gonna go get groceries so he's got
another package he has to pick up but
today is grocery day because we have not
a groceries for the longest time my
sister's coming up tomorrow oh shit yeah
so this is telling us we want to forget
about that also guys as you can see the
weather is not any better than it was
yesterday as you can see it's fucking
disgusting rain but global warming has
allowed it to be rain which is still
shit like it has been raining for like a
pasta honestly i'd say like the past
three to four days but it ain't no
buzzkill your boy has an edit day
anyways so it's actually more motivating
for me it's like hey why would I want to
go outside if it's shit outside
so homages edit inside anyways update on
the YouTube subscription boxes it's
still not fixed from what I've seen a
lot of youtubers I'm realizing I'm not
getting the views they've been getting
I'm kind of shook to drop a Bangor video
because you know what I put a lot of
time into these banger videos and if
half the wolf ends not gonna see it then
honestly your boys going to Vimeo so
hashtag Wolfie goes to Vimeo a some shit
like that we might have to start a
hashtag soon if YouTube wants to keep
playing my emotions so one grocery
shopping I'm trying to eat more healthy
so as you guys can see I got my fat free
turkey breast to put Silvia's out here
getting the biggest salami the chicken
time and these pepper ATS these are
spicy
hey guys yeah these are spicy huh these
are spicy
take a look these are spicy I don't like
this yeah so he's making fun of my
sandals and sauce because you know I
don't do a fuck about my swag inside out
socks that are not matching okay that's
the real swag if you don't give a fuck
about what you look like at all times
then you're winning so I got mismatched
socks inside out and I'm different
sandals that are definitely meant for
like Boortz occasions but I don't care
okay
I got my adidas jacket black and purple
you already know what it is zip it up to
the neck that's how we're walking around
today how do you feel nice
yeah did they like them which size are
you again XO for the diapers I'll get
medium you're right here a true here you
go saying they're giving out nice steak
samples at Loblaws your boys about to
munch out have any in breakfast yet tell
you my review
oh my god go get six more is this Apple
fucking good
is it good no terrible
it sucks I shoulda did it guys let me
know in the comments down below which
type of orange juice drinker are you I
know there's a lot of people out there
that like pulp in their own juice I
think it's disgusting just just like why
like why is their texture in my drink I
am team no pulp
comment down below if you're team no
pulp team some pulp or if you're fucked
team lots of pop like team full orange
just team fuck orange juice just TV eat
the rind Sylvia just said she hates
these cookies I don't know if everywhere
has these cookies but these are
phenomenal and Sylvia hates them and
she's just like not let's get these
whack oatmeal cookies okay not even dads
oatmeal cookies just these I'm cheese
man your goldfish lookin at
she likes her gold actually goldfish
Earl it did I get these goldfish is up
in that game I should do a chocolate
brownie goldfish taste test
honeyBun vanilla cupcake like what back
in the day they only had orange cheddar
and white cheddar no that's the classic
that the original one alright guys so I
just been informed that my battery is
about to die on this camera I was
filming the last clip and I had the red
beeping battery I fuckin charged it last
night I could have sworn I guess I
played myself and I didn't switch out
the extra battery so now we're gonna try
and vlog as much as we can but actually
you know what fuck it I'm gonna vlog
with my 7 plus and see what the quality
is like so switching now 7 plus 2 going
Silvia are you sad you're sad alright
I'll get you some happy water do but
chastity ring are you trying to live
with your life Sophia you are the one
for me I'm trying to grow she's here
tell me okay stop going psycho on me
please Silvia what is this pants that's
me
Anthony how does it mean okay guys so we
just finished up with a grocery store
vlogging with this cameras weirdest fuck
I gotta get used to it but now we are
going to the pet store we are gonna go
pick up a new brush for wolfy jr.
because the brush that we got when we
bought him is honestly kind of ass so
also Michael get them like a new treat
or something when we go in the store but
we'll see quick little update on my
phone it's blessed I fucking love this
phone already to seven plus it's a
little big my hands are getting used to
it but it is still very clean quality I
just got Apple music today because I was
like
not and this thing is not as bad as I
thought it was gonna be to be honest
this little adapter cord still plays
everything fine
I thought the wireless headphones came
with this phone but I guess they're not
out yet which kind of choose me I wasn't
really gonna use them anyways but I
wanted to try them out so whatever Apple
you know just keep me waiting show me
the commercials all you want and then
just don't give me the product when I
thought I was gonna get the product
that's fine guys will he's getting an
upgraded tear comb because basically
when we have our house is garbage right
now so we need one of these I guess and
this one is for small dogs and it looks
like they have really really nice combs
well should we get the big scissors or
the small ones smart small little
scissors that have an end that is not
that sharp because we're gonna poke them
you don't want to poke him exactly I got
to pick up the dog from the gym we left
the dog with my mom for a bit while we
were grocery shopping and she said that
something happened in the gym she had to
be here so she brought the dog with her
so now the dog is in there somewhere
I'm gonna go find him and bring him God
the dog from the gym here he is hey oh
my God look at that quality on the phone
look at this oh look at the fur buddy
you're back we're back that's what it
looks like when you try and carry
everything in in one trip my hands are
red as fuck but I'm back on the vlog
camera now got a battery we are good to
go time to put the groceries away coming
oh yeah good boy we got Wolfie a new
crate because he hates the crate that we
put them in now but there is times when
we need to put a minute so basically
this is what it looks like it's this
kennel thing and I think it's gonna be a
lot easier to clean when he poops
himself in it hey you poop yourself
we're gonna teach him to like this crate
a lot better than he likes the other one
because as soon as he hears the other
one rattle he hates it look at him he's
already smelling so I've just been
editing the rough draft of my video so I
don't have to edit all of it tomorrow
and I've been training Wolfie jr. at the
same time so we just bought this kennel
for him because Wolfie jr. honestly he
has the worst association with the old
black cage where is it well if you know
you want to see this but this cage
Wolfie hates okay he's like what the
fuck you doing anyway so we're trying to
train him with this so that when we
leave for a short period of time you can
chill in there and not poop everywhere
and pee everywhere I just caused a mess
so basically I left his bed here and
every so often I'll throw his toy in
there and I'll leave some treats in
there I looked up
online and that's one of the techniques
of training a dog so I've been very nice
to this dog today and just let him scope
this out even when we were building it I
didn't force him me I just let him walk
in in his own time at his own pace so
I'm training him right now now I'm about
to start editing my blog and then after
that I think I'm gonna go to the boys
house for a bit I haven't been there in
a while because they were all in Halifax
for a minute so I haven't even heard
about the trip so I'm gonna go there in
a bit but before I do that I have
another gadget that I've been waiting to
try and now since we got two percent
milk today the old milk was expired but
now I can try something else
so guys basically what these are are
magic flavoring straws so these either
make milk tastes like chocolate milk or
strawberry milk just by drinking it to
this draw so basically we got the
chocolate ones they had a black and
white strawberry ones I don't the only
can play a little kitten 18 chocolate 18
strawberry okay so we're gonna try
chocolate cuz I don't really like
strawberry milk that much sorry guys I
know a lot of people rate it I just
don't like it I've never liked it and
then I actually got this that I didn't
even think about trying until now but I
have chocolate milk from the store too
though that shows you guys that I fuck
with chocolate milk so I'm gonna use the
chocolate milk straw with the chocolate
milk and see what that tastes like
Wolfie you've been chewing at that same
spot in the carpet for like a month now
I don't know what's under there but
Wolfie loves this one spot is it what is
that why do you love that spot so much
buddy alright guys so I got my 2% milk
put some in here for chocolate I'm gonna
do strawberry too I can't be Mill kissed
okay I gotta fuck with both types of
milk hold this up nice and good put it
back in the fridge oh my god get a straw
already smells like crazy so the straw
smells crazy this is what the straw
looks like from the top so basically it
goes in through here then it has to like
squish through all these little beads
and it exits this side okay it's folded
in in these weird ways that forces the
milk to like hit every single bead and
really make me suck it out of the straw
so okay to kick up she definitely throws
let me do the strawberry because I don't
read strawberry milk but let me do my
chocolate milk first here we go guys
actually let me just get a taste of what
the milk tastes like regularly okay
regular 2% milk here we go it's not that
chocolaty but it is chocolatey like
there's definitely difference the reason
is but you have to suck it really hard
does yours taste like strawberry where's
it a flop mmm the first suck taste like
mine chocolate mmm
then it yeah then it kind of goes away
doesn't taste like this chocolate milk
okay I won't give it this chocolate milk
but it is good it makes the straws
already almost gone I did like bullshit
dang it okay the first set works pretty
well if you don't like milk honestly it
probably helps you drink it but if you
like milk it's really not that big of a
deal I prefer this one over this one I'm
sorry got milk I don't worry you as much
as the classic the classic chocolate
mocha cane is through the shit tastes
the same tastes too chocolatey I think
it's more effective than this we'll try
it with water and see if it makes a
difference hey we got three straws the
fourth one is basically done so I'll
remove that one honestly I'm I got to
taste the strawberry though I'm gonna
know why I didn't I don't like that mmm
what am I doing with water you're just
gonna what there we go you did too many
experiments too many experiments guys
chocolate that's chocolate milk oh why
you using three straws at once though
it's really good like it's not as good
as this still but it is very good it's
better than one straw okay guys so I'm
very nervous my video is 51% exported
but if you can see the battery
percentage is at 6% okay 6% guys jack
has texted me the boys are home so I'm
picking up David and go in there right
now which means I only have 6% of my
battery light on my laptop
left to get into the car and plug it
into that charger that I bought for the
car if not that my computer's going to
turn off while I'm halfway done
exporting my videos I'm gonna have to
restart the export at the boys house and
their internet time as fast as mine so
the video is going to be out late that
can't happen this Mission Impossible we
are safe and sound that's a green light
your guys seeing we're good to go
time to get David the videos at 68% and
the battery is charging but guys the
street can take
I'm an absolute fucking goof I didn't
vlog anything when I went to the boys
house I completely forgot their internet
was being really slow and I was
uploading my vlog when I got there and I
was panicking I had to reload it twice
for it just to go up I don't know the
internet cut out or something so that
took up most of my time and then we just
kicked back played FIFA I wasn't
anything crazy so now I'm headed home to
grab Silvia and wolfy jr. I need to pick
them up because I forgot to pack up of
package at my house
I'm literally all over the place today
Silvia had my mom leave a package at the
front of my mom's house it's late at
night but we still got to pick it up
apparently Silvia really needs it right
now so that's what we got to do aha I
got the package we are good to go
it wasn't outside I was inside but they
still are good to go and higher I turn
off the lights too late to be boring I
was Silvia will be junior art her wolf
he's crying cause he wants to come in
but to this dog going wild wolfy look at
this you see what I'm saying guys wolf
is like who is it who is it who is it
wolfy it's me it's just me chill oh my
god oh God Jesus Christ okay
sit sit sit sit this guy's going on wolf
he's been fighting all day this guy
diarrhea today because my mom changed
his diet up and he smells kind of stinky
right now to be honest so I've still got
on whatever the hell this shit is my
nose has still been dry since we moved
into this house even though we have like
a humidifier in the room I don't know if
we're supposed to have a humidifier or
an air purifier but we have a humidifier
and it hasn't really worked so you got
to take this stuff
cut me some slack okay this is for
surgery purposes only get it nice and
moist
and then do the same the other nose this
is a shotgun nose problems and then you
just let it rest and honestly I'm going
to bring this into the bedroom so I can
put it on in the middle of the night if
I can wake up to just make sure my nose
stays moist because honestly the past
like two months straight my nose has
been dried it's pissing me off
wolfies on time out right now in his
little bed right here because he just
peed on the carpet he knows he's not
supposed to do that so this is time I
was bought for now we set up his new
cage his kennel right here I've been
putting treats and toys in there I
haven't closed the door yet because I
don't want him to get a negative
association with it but we're gonna
slowly ease him into this this is way
better than the one we had in that
closet but that bed is pretty comfy for
a timeout okay just just kill my camera
okay okay I know you're sorry and I'm
sorry look guys he's sorry he knows when
he did something wrong I'll just give
you kisses forehead and try and make up
for it and right before bedtime he knows
he's not supposed to sleep in the bed
because he
in there so he'll lick you and kiss you
in the face to just try and beg you to
let him stay in the bed Hey
all right guys this home and they went
night off wolfy jr. is licking my toes
and trying to suck up to me so he can
cuddle it bit whose man is this anyways
like I said I'm gonna end the vlog off
here I gotta wake up early and grind out
a video hopefully YouTube doesn't fuck
up tomorrow and my video actually shows
up in all the wolf fam subscription box
it would suck if it only went to like
50% again I don't want to have to deal
with that hassle so hit the like button
please right now and we will wish for
all the good luck this is serious I
actually need good luck at this point if
you guys want to know when my video
drops if you guys want to get followed
tomorrow's I'm gonna follow people that
fucking comment early on the video of
show love if you guys want all of that
go hit the like button because I'm
dropping a bang or tomorrow night or the
next night if tomorrow doesn't work but
hopefully it works the morning let's hit
25,000 likes
okay wolf em so go ahead like what if
you haven't already also comment down
below please hit the subscribe Ox
okay comment please hit the subscribe ox
so my video knows to hit everybody
subscription box I'm begging you guys I
really want this to go down because I
have a banger ready for you now it's
just all up to YouTube so YouTube you
know the the cursor in your hand if you
don't want to work tomorrow I'm quitting
YouTube going to Vimeo so it's your last
offer anyways again I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we say a
little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
stop licking my damn toe
