good morning AOS Kadisha boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy we have a
 busy day today but it's a good
day basically I told you guys in the
vlog like yesterday both me and Silvia
are vlogging today so we're splitting up
how we use this camera so that we don't
blog all the same footage we're doing a
bunch of cute so that'll be on her
channel it's not gonna be on my channel
I'm not doing all the cute shot on this
channel but I don't know if God was
listening to our conversation last night
but I called the camera place and you
guys know that I've been trying to get a
second one of these cameras a because
I've dropped my camera like a billion
times and it's like on its last life and
be because I didn't want to have to
split up the camera every time me and
Silvia had to get a clip I want us to
each have our own camera so I called the
place and everywhere online basically it
said the camera is out of stock it's not
available in stores but I was just like
 it I'll call them and when I called
them I learned that my phone doesn't
really work anymore my phone's dying too
so that sucks but anyways I called them
and I asked the guy if there was any of
the g7x mark to the camera I'm using
right now in stock and the guy honestly
just started to laugh because he knows
they're in such high demand so he's just
like well I don't know girl like I could
check but it's not looking too good so I
was just like honestly bro just check
just please just check I want to know if
they're in so this guy checked and he
came back and he's like it's your lucky
day we have one in stock so I'm getting
a second one today oh my god I'm
excited I've been scared that this one's
gonna die for the longest time so I'm
happy I'm getting another one but the
bad news is like I said my phone is
dying I put my phone in the battery case
yesterday and what happened let me just
take it out so I can show you better
basically I put it in the battery case
and this lightning charger right here
was like tilted outwards like this so I
put the phone fully down in it and what
had happened was the phone pushed this
lightning part out so the phone was
fully resting in the case but it wasn't
charging because this part was like
crooked as hell pointing outwards so
basically I took like a couple minutes
to like shove it back in there and make
it work and it started charging my phone
which is good but I think it just
up all the audio I tried restarting my
phone the audio on my phone does not
play actually I will show you guys what
it sounds like so this is the loudest my
music gets that's the loudest again it
literally sounds like the is stuck
inside the phone so the volume doesn't
work and then I tried calling somebody
and I guess my microphone wasn't working
so the microphone doesn't work
the sound doesn't work the phone was
glitching like a week ago as you guys
saw so I'm tired of this okay even
though I bought this phone not too
it's just an iPhone 6's anything I just
checked online and I've been waiting to
get an iPhone 7 plus so there's one in
stock downtown I reserved it so I'm
picking that up today to like I said
guys busy busy day but let's get it
going so right now I'm driving down the
road this is the Rideau Canal on the
left this is basically one of the few
things that otherwise famous for
basically it's just like a giant
waterway and then in the winter it
freezes up and you can skate on it so
it's kind of a beautiful site right now
even though the water is all disgusting
and murky and disgusting but it is what
it is anyways we're headed Arita we're
going to be there in about five minutes
I was supposed to be there at 1:00 it's
102 right now so we're running a little
bit late but yeah I'm excited to get my
iPhone because you know I cannot be as
someone who does social media for for
that life you can't be out of commission
for your phone for more than a day so
I'm gonna pick that up also we have to
figure out something to do with food
it's raining so it's not the nicest day
but my stomach is really hurting I have
not eaten today I actually edited my
vlog this morning so that's an
improvement I slept on the couch last
night and this morning I woke up at 8:00
so the goal tonight is go to bed before
1 o'clock if I go to bed before 1
o'clock that's an improvement I know for
a lot of you guys that's late as hell
but for me that's early so like I always
say we are making these improvements
we're trying to get our sleeping
schedule back on track sleeping schedule
back on track eating schedules slowly
back on track my eating habits are
right now to be honest but we will make
those improvements we're still getting
in the swing of things somehow like I
feel like I'm always getting in the
swing please so guys I just picked up
the new iPhone 7 plus oh my god I'm
amped to use a so the one problem
with this one is they don't have a
battery case to put on the phone which
sucks because my battery runs out right
away because I'm always on my phone like
I said so I had to figure out a solution
so I had to buy an external battery case
one that's not attached to my phone so
it's like gonna be something that's
always in my pocket so I have two big
things that I pocket at all times now
for some reason they sell one for seven
but they don't sell 107 plus I think the
seven might be the same size as the 6s
that's why but now I have one so I don't
feel as bad my giveaway is almost up I'm
giving away three iPhone sevens and your
boy was still sitting here with the 6s
so now I got it we are good to go next
stop Henry's guys look at that what can
you see Henry's check that out that's
where the camera is we are going in to
get the camera thank God Brian just
texted me Ryan
big news for Ryan he's getting this
camera as well he has it on hold he's
gonna buy it soon which is
good because his audio in his videos if
you guys don't realize it sounds kind of
like he was at the end of a 500 foot
tunnel I'm just talking through a tube
that's how the audio sounds in this
video so big God he's hopping on the g7x
Marku yang that's we're going let's get
this damn camera yeah tell them that I
reserved it for you Silvia I was gonna
take it for myself but I'm a nice guy so
I gave it to Silvia I was like now she
can have this one but you didn't call
them if it was up to Silvia she would
add you told me to get I'm buying it
then and it's all yours exactly I'm
handing it off to Silvia cuz she's
vlogging too so the camera was purchased
now we're going to Best Buy okay guys
Best Buy
I literally have to walk Silvia through
all the baby steps on what we're doing
right now because she doesn't really
know what to do with this camera yeah
thank goodness I have you that was
sarcastic okay I'm literally getting her
everything that I've bought for myself
because I've went through the process of
buying things figuring out what works
what doesn't and so this is like the
foolproof plan to like buy everything
that is guaranteed to work basically hi
guys so we got the memory card - no
memory it's a thought I'm gonna not buy
it yet well we're buying them right now
it's on sale which is a plus so we're
doing that and then grabbing food
because we have to get home the dog is
probably sitting in his own and
piss right now this guy's scared to
death when he's home alone so it's my DS
tell me how these gorilla pods are
ninety nine beans
okay these are ninety nine dollars for
these Joby tripods basically the bendy
arm that Casey made famous as hell
they're 99 bucks here and they're so
small and I bought one at Henry's for
like 70 bucks and they're like twice the
size I don't know what's going on here
but I'm kind of cheese okay guys so
we're almost done what we need to do in
the morning it's not in the morning
anymore it's starting to get dark I
wanted to update you guys on where I'm
at with this piece of gum basically I've
been chewing this gum for like four or
five hours now and I'm a gum master okay
you guys know I love my gum but
I find if I'm not chewing five gum and
even five Gump anodized after a few
hours but like anything that's not five
dahmer like tridon or anything like that
the gum flavor dies in the first hour
but I have to keep chewing like I try to
come to like prevent me from biting my
nails and now like I'm addicted to
chewing gum I sound like it's a
thing but anyways I'm still chewing my
nails through my gum so that
doesn't work anymore but I've been
chewing this gum for five hours now so
it's at the point where it's about to
like evaporate and dissolve into my
mouth so there we go picking up a supply
from my house and Cleo is here at the
door doors locked
alright how does she hear the cars man
this girl just hears the cars Cleo
doesn't even like me anymore and she
expects me to Pat her who's girl is this
man hey back up back up back up cats
nobody move
I'm here for my supplies only I like
that I like that we're good you already
know before we go get these pumpkins
your boys watching ghostbusters it was
on the TV I used to watch this
channel family channels like every
single damn day as soon as I got home
from school this would be the first
thing I watched will not Ghostbusters my
family challenge I used to memorize like
every single episode of every show I was
obsessed with it because it didn't have
any commercial breaks which was big
because your commercials she's knew back
in the day so got some ghostbusters
going on Sylvia's getting ready in her
room and then we are bringing Wolfie to
the pumpkin patch and Sylvia is mainly
gonna vlog that but you know well I
might get a little sneak peek wolfy jr.
is extremely fluffy right now we just
had to shower him we had to leave him
for a bit and this guy got so nervous
that he pooped himself and then just
like ran around in his poop so it's
getting serious Wolfie you got to stop
being such a baby look at this
Jesus cuddling his head and take any
parking area in my body Hey
oh yeah I got rose gold I don't give a
 I don't want black black was
obviously kind of wavy but you know what
I couldn't wait it out I needed a new
phone ASAP my success was rose gold so
I'm staying on the rose gold trend I
don't give a this is lit honestly
the jet lag kind of whack because you
can see the smudges really easily on
that one and any of the other colors I
do not read so it was this or black
along with the rose gold you already
know what it is
time to load up the stuff from this old
phone onto the new phone and then
hopefully I can do that by the time
we're ready to go cuz I'm not trying to
make Silvia wait so I'm just watching
some YouTube before we go and PewDiePie
just made a second channel and I just
want you guys to look at the real-time
subscriber count' look at this bad
subscribers flying boom boom bam bam
alright so at this rate PewDiePie is
gonna pass my main channel on his second
channel probably by tonight maybe
tomorrow latest so thanks baby pie I
Love You Man look love it alright guys
so I'm waiting in the car wolfy jr. he's
crying I think he has to go pee or poop
or something so silly is rushing into la
blas quickly we just picked out a
pumpkin you guys will see all that on
her channel and by the way the story as
to why we ended up here is kind of funny
so I didn't vlog any of it but Silvia
vlog did also if you guys want to see
why we ended up at Loblaws go to
Sylvia's channel youtube.com slash
Silvia Gani I'll leave a link to her
video in the description as well if the
video is not up by the time this drops
it will be up shortly after so make sure
to check that out after you check this
vlog out but yeah things did not go as
planned but now Wolfie jr. is freaking
out hey don't pee in my kind he really
needs water so Sylvia's gonna grab a
water bottle while she's in there we
should have brought it I don't know why
we didn't bring it we did not think we
were gonna be out for this long but
after this I think we're gonna make some
hot chocolate and then go home watch a
good Halloween movie I'll fill you guys
in on that and bake some cookies in the
typical Halloween not because I
like it because Silvia likes it that's
why okay it's not because I like it
because so me likes it okay why is this
phone store extra why does every time I
move it the screen turns on hold on okay
see that apparently Silvia said
that's a feature not supposed to help
you I guess when you're like when you're
on your phone or when your phone's on
the table you pick it up this quicker
access to your phone or some like
that but I just feel like that's gonna
murk my battery so that's probably the
first thing I'm about to do but after I
do that you already know your boy has to
add some music if I'm getting an iPhone
plus you have to download some
bangers so I haven't downloaded that
much new music but I asked you guys like
two vlogs ago comment down below some
new music so there was so many damn
comments oh I have a list of I'm
going to download you already know so
let's get it poppin I'm cheese I
completely forgot this phone did not
have a headphone jack I'm about to drill
one in I don't know I need a
regular headphone jack this is freaking
me out I'm not new to this okay at least
the speaker on this phone is a lot
better than the speaker on my other
phone why is this the most pimped out
rose-gold
external battery of ever seen whether
this is so way oh my god you got this
with the ROS yacht it's a it's it's a
 rat alright so when you guys
suggested a song circles by pushing key
ty dolla sign and designer so here we go
it is already sounding little
dusty let's get this the music I'm
talking about this is the music I am
talking about let's go she'll be saying
the wolf fam is hard let's go thank you
so much if you guys want to comment more
songs on this video feel free for the
next like two three days I will be
downloading a shitload of music because
I need to load this bad boy up so keep
sending me music this one is money
counter by the pretty girl your boy
wants more music anyways technical carve
a pumpkin
so before we carve these pumpkins I've
been seen as veil literally everywhere
every time I log on YouTube it's been
showing up in my recommended feed for
the past two days straight so it's
called world's try of greatest magic
tricks reveals and the thumbnail of the
video already reveals one of them and
I'm kind of cheese I didn't really want
to watch it because as a kid like I
loved magic I still love magic
and it always blew my mind every time I
saw a new trick it would blow my mind so
I tried for the longest time not to look
up how some of these tricks were done
but a couple of years ago I remember me
going on like this spree like I watched
one video how one trick that I always
used to be really interested in I
watched how that one was revealed and
then after that I just went on a spree
it was like a addiction I
watched like probably 20 to 30
tricks that are revealed tricks that I
don't even know existed I watched how
they were revealed before I even watched
the real trick so I've been holding off
on this one because honestly there is a
few tricks I'm still mind blown by and I
don't know how they're done I kind of
just like the mystery behind them but
the same time I'm craving watching this
video so I'm just gonna watch it
I don't even care anymore it is what it
is I'm gonna put it on the friggin
screen and spoiler alert you guys are
gonna see how five of the greatest magic
tricks are I guess done behind the
scenes this video is meant to shatter
and with the existence of magic no okay
it's gonna shatter the myth and magic
amazing good way to start a video okay
so the first one is walking on water
already have a hunch of what this is
kind of gonna be oh British village
dudes presumably walking through some
late hands
what what is this floating platform of
plexiglass
I'm cheese by the roof of mine I could
have called that to be honest
that's so much I'm ready I'm a thing of
loading plexiglass you can see in there
you can see it in the clear water but
you can't really see it in the dirty
water look at that that's you're
not seeing okay so the first one
walking on water okay it's impossible
then why did I do it it's like last year
oh this one I always wanted to know how
they did it
who's breaking free from the Chinese
water torture cell the artists will
start removing this from bowl snakes you
know what to get out you'd only have to
take this out don't most no no no that's
it yeah do it sir that's it whatever
losing hand comes it is honestly it
could be fake as hell whatever the
escape part but yeah you're hanging
upside down for three times and it's
under water I give you props regardless
oh it pulling a rabbit on a hat
okay
classic cuz prints and how the do
they do this it's eventually time what
then a magician can simply reach through
the house into a compartments with it
I'm she's my boss hat Hamza with awesome
we find about it before don't kill me a
top hat with a bunny free like free put
into it walking on water is when I
didn't know before and then pulling a
rabbit out of a hat I didn't know before
the other ones I didn't even think about
but I'm sorry for spoiling your mind I
had to watch those because that was
bothering me I just kept seeing the
video am i recommended and I had to
 click on it so now I know the
basic magic tricks I'm about to go pull
those on my mom Loki alright guys we're
gonna start carving the pumpkin now I'm
not gonna film it this is all gonna be
on Sylvia's channel I'm letting her have
the plum
concurring yes want me to vlog and he
always want them ESCO wants ago s club
one sitter vlog so yeah because this guy
so don't worry guys you're gonna see
you're gonna see a lot of the that
I'm not showing you so all the pumpkin
carving is going on so via channel but I
just wanted to show you guys what the
pumpkin looks like before this is what
it looks like now it has a nice front
okay the back aka the ass is not that
nice kind of moldy but it's all good
we're covering the front I'm not gonna
show you the after to be honest so you
played yourself alright guys so we just
made a bunch of different stuff for
Halloween now we're about to watch a
movie
Sylvia wanted to watch Halloween town so
I think that's we're gonna do but I am
really pushing towards watching another
episode of Breaking Bad I'm addicted to
it I wanted to show Sylvia a trick cuz
now I learned my magic tricks revealed
and she probably wasn't paying that much
attention to the video so I'm gonna show
her and see if I can do a trick and then
reveal to her what I did all right you
ready yep hey go Oh camera tricks guys
no camera tricks I'm gonna be paying
attention I need this hat I also need
wolfy jr. whoa vide
no good bye guys so as you guys can see
I have a hat you're gonna pull not a
bunny out of a hat because that's
Elena's we're gonna pull a puppy
out of a hat I'm going to show the
audience whoo look at that nothing is in
the Hat okay with a little quick trick
of what I got revealed we're just gonna
put the hat down on a table yeah you
won't be walking you'd be in a sack
buddies don't move as much but it'd be
in his sack right here and I'll just
bring this to the edge of the table it
would be a compartment and what am I
telling you this
let's do the trick there would be a
compartment in here where you'd remove
and slip the the bunny in here and then
you'd be like okay bless it's not gonna
fit into me come on buddy
guys you can see just a hat this is just
a hat okay abracadabra this is a puppy
puppy is in the Hat so we got it okay
good job now this is going to be a lot
easier with something that doesn't move
in a bigger hat obviously but like I
said there's a compartment in here this
part is removable of the Hat I'm
exposing the magician's but I'm not
until it doesn't matter magicians never
tell their secrets I'm not a magician I
don't give a I'll tell you secrets
oh and your secrets I'm telling them you
found a loophole so here we go to either
a removable top or there can be a little
bag right here holding the bunny down
here and so the magician goes as you
guys can see nothing nothing still
nothing okay now I want you guys to
focus and they do their little sleight
of hand get the audience distracted so
they don't know what's going on in there
like y'all so here's what's going on
guys and what we're gonna do is we're
gonna slide it in you're telling us
that's not distracting pretend you don't
hear me so like I was saying there's
nothing in this hat okay then what's
this this is the goody
I'll leave it to the media
oh yeah oh my god all right guys so I'll
leave it to the actual magician's I
can't do that this is why I
failed at Magic okay I'm only good at
doing magic with oil and water water
magic tricks okay I can do those
though anyways I gotta figure out a way
that I can convince Sylvia so we don't
have to watch Halloween town so we can
watch breaking bad man Halloween town is
like old it's like we seen it like sixty
billion times yeah bring mad no all
right I'll put it on break in bed break
a bat to the TV huh
oh okay here give me it turn around
okay guys that's what the house looks
like right now blankets everywhere we
are going to do a five-minute clean
session at least what I like to call a
five-minute cleaning session things need
to be just rearranged so the house is in
order
Wolfie jr. is messing everything up you
have too many toys bro too many toys
I'll give you one more before luck here
we go
5 4 3 2 1 BAM look at that guy's
spotless spotless it's only been five
minutes no longer than five minutes I
promise only five minutes not even five
four minutes three minutes two minutes
one minute spotless you already know
what it is no dishes pans the last thing
being cleaned we got a folded up blanket
nice kitchen table okay this look needs
to get clean Peapod still needs to go in
ago okay I'll get the garbage almost
clean almost perfect so Sofia got mad at
me because I wasn't paying attention to
the movie that you wanted to watch so
here's how you make a girl not mad at
you anymore except to make him up step 3
open her office door and put the puppy
down alright guys so I just passed out
on the floor for like five minutes with
Whoopi jr. so I would take that as a
sign to go to bed so I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog if you did make
sure to go smash that like button
let's hit 27,000 likes on
this video kay wolf fame let's get it
you already know your boy is the king of
likes so go down hit that like button
right now if you haven't already also if
you guys made it to the very end of the
vlog I want you guys to comment down
below wake up at 8 a.m.
comment wake up at 8 a.m. you guys are
gonna be like comment
alarm-clock I need all the motivation I
could get I'm not gonna sleep on the
couch tonight okay guys I'm gonna sleep
in the bed the bed is so damn comfy that
sucks me in so we will push because I
want to do what I did today again
tomorrow
aka edit my vlog in the morning and then
feel like I have a productive day so
that's the goal comment that down below
wake up at 8 a.m. and I will see you
guys soon on mo wolfy where we stay a
little bit more savage of my main
channel and as always stay savage
blackout
