I know a lot of you guys have been like
what the fuck's going on we're splitting
up but we're splitting up and I'm
blowing the drain
good morning eh yo its history boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy oh my god it
is freezing out this morning guys with
me and Silvia decided that we are gonna
film that makeup in a car challenge with
my car so I could drift so before we
even begin the vlog make sure to go down
and smash that like button I hope you
guys are having an amazing day we're at
Best Buy because we got a cop a GoPro so
I only have one GoPro we need to GoPros
so the second GoPro can be on the front
of my car it's very early this place
just opened let's go get this go for oh
my god we're ballin Oh guys we just
bought a whole nother camera for this
video another SD card another two or
three batteries for this video so we're
putting in work hopefully we use this in
the future and it's not just for
sylvia's one video I want to do more
carve logs or some shit
wow wow wow wolf am what a busy day
already there's been so much that went
down already on Sylvia's Channel didn't
film any of it because like literally I
had to be like tech wolfy I felt like my
bad for a second we're on a heavy time
crunch hold on I gotta get some light in
here I had to set up look at this the
GoPro mount here had to set up a GoPro
mount here we're on our gems James
Corden carpool karaoke look at this I
had to set up my phone mount here I had
my uber driver cord here like it was
insane but yo we did Silvia's maker or
Sylvia didn't her makeup and I went off
you guys know how powerful this car is
already but I drifted in stuff and she
tried doing her makeup so that will all
be on her channel link in description
yeah lash is gone r.i.p lash she I
almost made a stab her face I'm raw
pencil but the morning is going good so
far I'm gonna drop Sylvia off at home
and she actually has her brother coming
over today which means and her mom and
when her brother comes over he needs
attention 24/7 so he's
literally oh my god you can't be dealing
I have like his my house is like the
funnest kids place ever because I do all
these challenges just like this guy's
gonna play the nerf guns hover board
game boards dogs like it's a fun Haven
all I need is getting like one of those
McDonald's playpen pens in my house and
I'm literally a ball pit I want some
Alex's hobby shoot anyways like I was
saying when he comes over I don't get to
see Silvia you barely even see Sofia in
the vlogs as it is these days you can
sylvia's at home usually working all the
time and I'm vlogging with the boys or
I'm in LA but we're still we're still
together we're still dating guys I know
a lot of you guys have been like what
the fuck's going on but you guys need to
stop making up rumors in the comments
and saying they split up look this that
like that is not a thing we can split up
if you guys want us to if this hits a
billion like that's happening but stop
commenting yo I saw in this person snap
and then like literally like two days
ago I was like looking at my tweets and
Ryan was in it and my assistant was in
it you guys haven't seen too much of my
assistant but she'll be in her vlogs
more often but she was in it for half a
second and unique commenting zing that's
Ryan's girlfriend not picky but like you
they're like yeah like if you pause here
you could see Ryan's girlfriend don't
kill me YouTube comments
my wolfram are too savage you guys are
trying to make up too many rumors it's
not true we haven't split up you guys
think we're splitting up like I'm see so
many comments on they're splitting up
all the time you guys are old we're
still chillin Live Together we go down
lay together so you got a visa I get it
the next week hopefully please
Masha like what so I get my visa but uh
yeah I'm gonna drop Silvia off see her
brother leader but for now we gotta go
pick up my boyfriend yes Ryan sui's
we're splitting up I'm with my boys if
anything you guys should be worried
about Charles leaving
or right guys Ryan is not my brother by
the way we just looked this in everyone
thinks yeah yeah you can actually screw
up we're second cousins were dating but
we're splitting up and I'm blowing your
grind all right sounds good
you can have your brother um
H at this camera quality the GoPro
worked perfectly we got the audio file
down here the two different GoPro angles
oh my god
someone called me the best producer
director in the frigging world cuz I'm
nice I'm nice it was all a vision I
brought that vision to reality baby
let's get it in sane I'm a boss I was
going easy on you guys when I drop my
concealer brush oh my god video to be a
link in the description Ryan is the only
person I know that loves the Prix Rico
button on drinks guys he always gets
fountain drinks because he knows he's
gonna refill it and get his money's
worth me on the other hand either stick
bottles anyways yo we are out here IKEA
the massive stores ran out there you can
see the yellow oh you can see the sign
right there that's actually wing so
wings shut I'm such a good friend that
I'm bringing my friend halfway across
Ottawa to get him his desk which if
you've been following my last two walls
you know that the desk is the final
completion to the set Oh eggs writers
birth to this set up
yeah we're dating up yes we're dating a
thing
yeah me and Ryan are dating we're gonna
go on a date later today to a basketball
game Sylvia can't come cuz me and her
broke up it's me and Ryan now but yo
this is the final sping set up to his
setup so after this he has no excuses
expect the streams 2k streams
no no no
what is going on because they're
following our peoples bill ice is
falling on Canadians out here guys we
gotta I gotta go back to LA immediately
the land of everybody's initial house
moving dreams we know what we want so
today is gonna be like literally one of
the only days ever where I do not make
one pun that's my goal I'm not making
one punch landing everybody okay that's
all no puns today no pun wolf doors
brick
no puns today we know exactly what we
need all we need to do is get the tape
barber get I never asked you which one
your mother would get asked which when
your father forgets oh my god yeah crazy
dance man no no no no dad no no not bad
jokes at dukes okay guys I had to do one
we can't the Thule options we can't
decide I'll leave okay guys enough sin'
up I am done yo yo if a thief takes all
the furniture
how much furniture did the robber get
anyway
I get so tight okay guys this is the
last one I promise I'm gonna get Ryan so
bad Pete this what would you guys do
with this one yo did you decide with
desta yet your dad got a goat that was
dad got a goat
now I gotta go now I'm done like two
words when you go against me it's bros
versus Joe's like two words what are the
pros and the cons like two words that
isn't Indian person safe rose rose
okay guys I'm not a racist relax I have
Indian friends like why would I fear
like what okay no just kidding that's
not Filipino accent like don't fall over
heels for me because that would be a
long fall
IKEA update number 96 I'm having a grand
old time in here I made about 75 puns
even though I said I was not gonna make
one pun Ryan has literally been doing
shark circles around the fuckin desk
area for like 20 minutes I told him I've
been here he's trying to get the exact
same debt I have I have like six of them
I came here six times to do it but like
he won't take my word for it so now he's
asking an employee around the way over
there why can't you trust your friend
bro like friends don't make good
judgment or now he's looking at another
desk no no no yes ways you get it bro
right you looking at another desk
let's cut five minutes - hold up wait
this is a sign is Adam coming back so
these bricks speaking of signs what well
you guys saw the sign looks like we got
200 more today oh my name is yeah I was
just talking about you yeah move this
out of the way give them the best face
to work with this is the ugliest hair
before you team and it just started
anyways guys thank you clip okay guys
that transition to Omar was just super
wavy but that's not all that happened
basically we got a bunch of and there
was too much stuff to fit in my car my
car's not that big and I swear to God a
miracle
Ryan was about to you know work an uber
uber at sell separately dollars 70 bucks
to go back to his house and then we just
hear yo right charlie
our boy toven who you're gonna see
tonight another light-skinned dude we
were saved by light-skinned guy this
guy's had the connection room guy had a
Jeep right there he's like where you
going like I was like I was like what
are you driving he's like a Jeep I'm
like I haven't seen this guy minimum in
like six months since I was back at Auto
but your guys gonna see him tonight
because we're going to a basketball game
tonight showed up toven Alvin Anthony
Thomas Bama guys these are sweet easy
sweetie
actually has a girl but follow follow
follow I'll put his Instagram one on the
screen right now my car is breaking your
yo-yo you played yourself no oh you
always actually listen to this that hold
on direct who's that sweetie kill em
fuck lol Caleb yo how's drifting outside
your work today are you outside your
work today
wait till you see Sylvia's video what
yeah if they already hit the like button
okay so now guys go you're next
like give me two words on how you feel
like nervous like yo you guys on C
Ryan's real mom wait
Ryan's on a tick yet asleep more time go
here have some goddamn respect
I'm mrs. McCoy I'm gonna leave
Yeah right over video editing the vlog
bro he'll promote your new song
yeah he's on a free stuff shall you come
do a do a new song what's it called
guilty opcom where you gonna find all
the best where its link in the
description go copy right now like dudes
that's me Ravens nest
yeah we showed up to the basketball game
it's only standing no no no looks like
we're gonna do note on the side we're
gonna find the seat though because
there's no way I'm standing I'm on the
wall Carlton come on Rose
shoutout to your own gonna start boy yo
everybody follow this man
second team follow Tobin yeah I shouted
you out your grandfather's bro yeah this
is the guy who saved us I love him of
that sweet lights team lights good guys
we're at the basketball game
it's the Ravens who were we playing bro
Ravens retires and I'm Ryan today I'm
sorry I'm a raven I went here I didn't
go here I'm a high school guy but we are
going for Ryerson cuz Ryan's friend is
on the team so let's get it yo guys for
the Carleton coach is already starting
to rage I'll let you guys know how much
he raises throughout the game right now
he's one out of ten
he's standing up he's standing up sit
down he's sitting down score is 11 three
Ravens are winning
she shouldn't be stressed
that's right
the game is literally a nail-biter and
the first period he says the first
period I actually did so I actually did
say it by accident but next quarter
Carlton was winning this Oh
Carlton's still winning but it's a close
game I haven't been vlogging the coach
because he hasn't raged but yo it is a
very entertaining game shout out to Ryan
for bringing me over and I told you this
is the game to be what this guy just
said his boy had 21 points the guy had
14 points my math my quick math and he
just got stuffed yeah
so Ryan's bringing me to go it's a flop
it was a flop girls o'clock oh this game
so Phil ah look at one on one kept
talking stress things are getting heated
and they took in the lead 53 Karl comes
back guys hold up so we get him a kick
again
it was good catching up with him me Omar
tell Vinny Ryan just went to the boy's
house I didn't plug any of that but I
got home and my boy kids who I was
cuddling with two nights in a row was
waiting up for me I don't know why this
dog started loving me all of a sudden
like way more than Wolfie but the dogs
are in love with me right now guys I
feel like they've grown up right he's
gonna cuddle with me so Prince is gonna
end the vlog off with me today I have to
be quietly Sofia's brother Adam is
downstairs you're gonna see him in
tomorrow's vlog and her mom's here also
Sylvie's also asleep I'm literally the
only one awake other than my boy it's a
year so we hope you guys had a good day
even if you didn't guys if you enjoyed
this vlog make sure to go down and smash
that like button let's hit the fat
doesn't likes others blog with your paw
right right print it with your paw
prints a smashing leg button right now
me and Prince are about to cuddle up and
pass them I again I love you guys if you
comment down below a random word I will
comment back to you because that shows
me that you watch the vlog to the very
end I will see you guys soon on more
wolf where we stay a little bit more
salad in my main channel and as always
stay savage yeah peace
