good morning and your wife's condition
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy I
just took a day off blogging but I am
back and better than ever I just did
some extreme photoshopping this is one
of the hints at what I did
also Sylvia is watching more season 17
of Empires so right now I'm actually
waiting for my mom to come over she's
bringing packages for me and a note for
Sylvia so there's more stuff in I think
one of the things that I've been waiting
for is finally in so I'm amped even
though she said she was gonna be here
like 20 minutes ago and it's been like
40 minutes like mom just take your time
but I need it so guys my mom just
dropped off the rest of Sylvia's
birthday cake and this was
delicious so yes we have that also your
boy is not even today it's like 1
o'clock but I look to my fridge I was
like yo do we have any food because we
haven't gone grocery shopping in a while
and check this out we got the rest of my
mom's stir-fry which was amazing so let
me grab that warm this up real quick
lunch and then me and David are both
blogging today I want to film this quick
video I ordered some stuff in the other
day and it came in so I'm definitely
gonna try that out and I feel really
nice because I have a package in the
mail for your boy and a box to
open so so how do you feel you didn't
get anything today nothing for you
that's what I thought
I'm cheese she got something this your
boy got his liquid glass from the states
that's what I ordered from the state it
is in put it in my pack of like multiple
billion things that I got from I didn't
ordering spree okay I ordered like
basically everything I saw it looked
cool I ordered it but the liquid glass
is what I'm going to try out today
because that is cool as hell so I'm
excited to try that now just gotta add
the finishing touches on an edit to my
video because I had to take it down and
I gotta put it back up a little bit of
YouTube trouble but it's fine we're all
good we're gonna keep a positive
attitude because you know what we're
 Savage that's why this is what a
video looks like when it is finished
editing look at all these cuts guys look
at all those cuts every single one of
these little splits between Clips is a
cut so look at the mom boom boom boom
boom boom boom boom that's what the
final product looks like
oh my god it's a show chat to
everybody who uses Adobe Premiere if you
guys don't know I use Adobe Premiere to
edit I'm not really a pro with it but
I'm good enough so I can do everything I
need to do in it because a lot of guys
still seem to comment down on my blog so
yes I use Adobe Premiere and I use Adobe
Photoshop to edit my thumbnails so guys
I just picked something up from the
store I literally have no clue with the
small packages it fits more Orbeez your
boys going nuts but I'm also going to
pick up some of these dessert plates
while I'm here because I need them for a
lick called DIY God David we are on
route let's get I literally always
absolutely play myself and never get a
basket because I think I'm coming in to
get like a little bit of stuff but I
always get way more than I planned for
so right now your boy is struggling to
vlog and carry this I can't find
the kool-aid not the kool-aid jammers
but the kool-aid like the packets of the
crystals will you mix with water I don't
know if they even sell those anymore
old school kool-aid but I'm looking for
that looking for potato stuff I'm
looking for a bunch of stuff and I can't
find it nevermind your boy found his big
kool-aid small kool-aid we got tang oh
my god imagine iced tea oh my god the
options alright guys so I'm in bought by
now and I don't really know what I'm
getting David has to buy some stuff here
but you know while you're in here and
there's a lot of candy I might as well
buy a lot of candy not to eat it for
just a regular use but for video of
course like I told you guys that
still alive and well I'm not going to
buy anything if it ain't for a video we
look at all these damn sweets warheads
okay guys look at this
shark chocolate-covered quinoa this is
what happens when you're trying to eat
healthy but you want to have junk food
at the same time
this is honest it looks like a rabbit
 I ain't bout it guys diet wolfy is
back with my Wendy's chicken Caesar
salad as you guys can see it's on the
back there
I'm waiting on Sylvia's nuggets
this week this niggas trying to call you
can't trust David over here yo shout-out
to whoever made this is on Instagram I
got my own show now Charles in Charge
y'all cheese that's the slogan for these
one season one David parodies in the
background right there along red hair uh
yeah that's you huh that's Chad some of
the pics you guys tagged me and kill me
so I see them all don't worry I'm seeing
them Poli it's me guys told me dyed
Wolfie is not a thing I'm back on my
friggin Wendy salad back I know it may
not be the healthiest thing in the world
but this is an improvement from what I
have been eating I mean I've been eating
just kale Skyy well if you think he eats
salad you played yourself come watch my
vlog exposed yeah that salad movie
exposed on my channel that salad yeah
you're just showing them baby that's not
right out on your channel you're right
yeah just throw jokes this salad is my
 bait hmm I love this the
chicken oh my viewers know that that's
my salad
you don't buy that you're the pile of
fries and the chocolate in this Cheetos
bro will you talk about cheese Jill oh
no uh thank you but I just got a go on
David Mike I'm joking David's beating me
but he's Portugal and I'm
Australia Oh Oh guys nice too bad it's
only from Ronaldo so doesn't count I
ended up beating David six zero only
six-year-old cuz it was a rusty game but
Nani got some gold so it's like pretty
good how you feel with that game yeah
never play again what are you doing what
what is that oh yeah this is my nice
Ronaldo plate yeah that's low
you didn't control that you tell you you
didn't control anything look I just
pressed a what X alright guys so I just
got everything out for my video I'm
about to film I will let you guys know
usually I always say I'm gonna let you
guys know about halfway through then I
got too caught up when I'm actually
filming so I will try I'm not gonna
promise I will try and let you guys know
how it goes halfway through there's
probably gonna be a big mess in my
kitchen but every video there's
a big mess in my kitchen so I'm not even
going to do the dishes until after my
video and then do one clean up at the
very end but today we're not doing DIY
actually you can probably call it a DIY
thing but it's like a taste test that's
the main thing I'm going for a taste
test cuz I haven't done one in a minute
so I'm excited for this the excited your
film you're more excited than me let's
go so when you're cleaning after you do
a video what you got to do is put
everything in the sink first put all the
supplies away second and then wipe off
the table it is the most satisfying
feeling I didn't even have to vacuum
because Sylvia just decided to helps us
a mess that she's vacuuming Wolfie
juniors with David oh my distilling over
there with David because he is shook of
the vacuum the sky legit shakes when the
vacuum comes out so he doesn't want to
move but now I gotta clean this out oh
my god what the did I do
so guys I'm currently waiting in my car
David is in the beer store drunk Dave is
coming alive tonight I think he said
drunk Dave's not gonna be crazy tonight
but I'm calling it right now drunk Dave
is gonna be alive and well tonight oh
 the light just came off I just
uploaded my video I had to re-upload and
I owe you guys an explanation for all of
that the last two days on YouTube have
just been hell for me so as soon as Dave
comes in the car I think I'm gonna drive
him to get food and then when I get home
I'm gonna explain to you guys what has
been going on with YouTube okay guys so
I am home I'm about to watch YouTube but
I told you guys I'd fill you in on
what's been going on basically i
uploaded a video on my main channel you
guys probably saw it was the breaking
World Records I haven't done one of
those in a while but you guys really
 with those I was excited to do it
and then literally within the first day
I got copyrighted so that was already
the first issue if it happened with my
video it just sucked because I had to
take it down and then I had to re-upload
it and then the second time I reloaded
it which was today which is gonna be
yesterday if you're watching the vlog
it's complicated but basically I had to
reload the video and then a lot of
people were tweeting at me saying they
couldn't see the video for some reason
it wasn't in their sub box also some
people were tweeting at me saying they
weren't getting the notification for my
video which kind of sucks as I told you
guys like YouTube does mess up sometimes
I know that but I just want to make sure
that my subscribers are seeing my
content when I drop it so basically a
lot of people were saying that they
couldn't see it or they didn't know that
it was even out and the only reason they
saw it was because my snapchat story and
so yeah I guess I'm just gonna leave the
video up this time I wanted to really
take it down to be honest because it
didn't go to a lot of people's sub boxes
but I'm just going to take the El on
this case but I just wanted to vent and
just let you guys know what's been
happening
really want to take the video down but I
just had to take the video down and this
is like a reoccurring issue with YouTube
I find every like month or maybe every
like month and a half
I'll post one video and then the video I
think will completely tank and I'm like
why is it like not getting like any
views and then then I'll see people
tweeting at me saying they never got it
to their sub box so if you - if you're
watching this vlog please for the love
of God you have one job don't play
yourself show my subscribers my damn
videos because it Jesus me when I post
the video and my subscribers don't even
see it the loyal wolf em who have been
subscribed me for time don't even see
the video so that's what's been going on
don't worry I'm gonna be dropping a new
banner in a few days if YouTube fixes
their well I'll probably drop it
anyways cuz I always drop in a few days
my vlog Channel I'm still gonna be
dropping every day so don't even worry
about that
but I just wanted to let you guys know
what has been going down and take it
down for any other reason other than it
just wasn't appearing in a lot of
people's feeds so hopefully YouTube gets
that fix in because you know what I like
all my subscribers see my videos I like
I always say we got to stay positive
through these situations just keep
pushing keep dropping bangers that's the
only route to go when this should happen
so it was just crazy because I sent out
a tweet asking my subscribers like how
many people have not gotten my video in
their subscription box and literally
over 40 percent of the poll said they
hadn't seen my video in their
subscription box so 40% YouTube like I'd
be done with 20 maybe like 10% but 40%
that's a lot of the wolf femme okay
anyways now that that's over with I'm
just trying to relax I don't even
want to think about that video anymore
I'm gonna go get the glass liquid glass
to play with because that's the only
thing that's gonna mend my tears right
now so where did I put it
okay here is why did I get four
containers of it nobody knows I feel
like I'm gonna like playing with this
 a lot - look at this what are you
doing so you guys were wondering why I
had to do the USA in order to the
states hmm I wonder made in the USA
where's the Canada flag look at all the
different colors so basically you can
get Foxfire arctic flare but the best
one that I have is the see-through one
which is liquid glass see a see-through
one right in this bitch so liquid glass
unboxing here we go take it out comes in
a tin Wolfie you've been following me
man come here come here okay sit down I
think this is just some crazy putty
that's clear
eh yes I know you want to kiss oh whoa I
think it melted no what the oh
that's not good ah oh it's there peel
that can you peel it what the
Roux liquid glass why is this the
trickiest I've ever felt in my life
Oh peel porn Oh reappoint oh why is this
the most satisfying thing to feel in the
world it doesn't smell like anything
saying I'm about to make a massive ball
with the four guys look at how stretchy
this liquid glasses I put them all
together and bam this okay it broke
all right but look at how cool this
is this is apparently I don't know if
it's just called liquid glass or what it
is but it feels like amazing and it's
clear as hell you can see right through
the table and you can just stretch each
end and it's stretchy as hell now we're
going to do the test Ken liquid glass
protect an iPhone 7 plus from the
microwave you guys already know what it
is I got my iphone 7 plus right here
we're putting it in the liquid glass
wrap it around the iPhone alright just
fully wrap it around here we go guys hit
that thumbs up this is I don't know what
it's gonna do Mike alright so yeah
here's your pictures yeah oh you're
asleep ready to go why is the phone gone
what the oh there it is oh all right in
the microwave you know that's dead
alright guys we got it in the microwave
time to close it and turn it on all
right it won't stand here we go ok
3 2 1 start it is it
melting oh yo it hasn't done anything
yet what the okay guys it's
literally just chilling in there look at
that guys this is ridiculous what the
okay take it up take it out okay yo yo
yo yo this is it this oh it still works
so really quick glass protectron hottest
hottest ahh
as you guys can see take it out of
liquid glass put the liquid glass there
my phone's a little greasy but it still
works okay it still works do not try
that at home
suggestion we're trained professionals
with liquid glass but we'll feed you
okay don't feed the dog liquid glass do
not people talk like we're okay it's not
a toy it's not a toy buddy I repeat
you're not eating liquid glass what's up
oh my gosh I said yeah look a glass
necklace what do you want liquid glass
beer holder oh yeah a coaster coaster a
coaster
exactly deal who can make the blesses
thing hey guys are having a liquid glass
contest what are you making you'll see
you're copying me I'm not making its
name I'm not making a snake Jabba the
Hutt no that is Jabba the Hutt it's just
a snail oh okay see it kind of looks
like Jabba the Hutt eh josé's arms what
is use a log comment down below who did
a better job all right I'm back you got
around to yeah what did you man a paper
clip what Dolph and you I made a pretzel
well I'm just killing the game right now
bunny eat it don't eat liquid glass all
right guys so he dropped David off now I
am with the dog and he's addicted to the
wind these days man cannot get his head
inside the car literally he's just like
he wants to go out there so I got a hold
him make sure he doesn't fall the Jay
he's growing up he's kind of learning
how to go downstairs he's still kind of
deathly afraid of it but there we go
that's the Wolfie I know all right he
wants the window he wants the window
Paul's
exactly he follows us without a leash
he's growing up guys he's growing up
it's good anyways me and David were just
watching a bunch of YouTube videos we
have not watched too many YouTube videos
the past couple days because we've been
grinding but we just caught up on
literally like everything I was
searching for videos to find that I
hadn't watched so now I'm with Sylvia
and we are driving to go get her food
there is no food or else literally it
was just my mom's plate that got me
through the days - oh really
whoa we're both walking yeah
tomorrow we're gonna have to split our
camera because Sylvia wants to do a
pumpkin picking and all that stuff so
we're gonna try and find out okay well
she asked me to go
okay Sylvia's gonna do vlogging and I'm
gonna try and find stuff to vlog that is
not what her vlog is this is why I need
two cameras okay guys this is what I
need two cameras I've been waiting to
find that second damn camera but there
is no g7x mark 2's in stock over here so
I got a deal with the one camera for now
all right guys I'm gonna finish the
night off by watching a bit of empire
Sylvia's been watching it so I'm just
gonna tag along I don't care
season sevens lit anyway so you guys are
missing out if you don't have season 7
you're missing out hard on Empire but I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if you
did don't forget to go and smash that
like button is hit 25 you know what
it let's hit 27 thousand likes on this
vlog we've been getting a decent lot of
likes on the vlog so I want 27 thousand
likes on this blog if you guys are let
you go hit that like button also if you
guys meant to the very end of the vlog I
want you guys to comment down below
Empire is lit comment Empire is lit and
I will show you love on a snapchat reply
to a bunch you guys to say that you guys
know the deal by now anyways again I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
then my main channel and as always stay
savage black ops
