good morning a let's get at you boy well
if you welcome back to more Wolfie
chillin with wolfy jr. David is coming
to pick me up right now I'm buying a
bunch of video supplies it's another
grand Amy and David are both filming
videos today hey come here we're both
filming videos today and there's a lot
of supplies we both have to get for each
of our videos plus I'm trying to buy
supplies for a future video that I'm
going to film next week so there's a lot
of destinations we're about to go to to
get everything we need but wolfy jr. in
bed for you first destination is Metro
I'm finding supplies and David is
finding the worst drinks he can possibly
find to make me act because he knows I
act basically anything so it's just like
oh what's the worst shit that you find
but I got marshmallows muffins gum so
far so you guys could do the math figure
out what I'm doing for my channel now I
have to find the food coloring
this is flavoring Oh food coloring
perfect amazing I like that one of each
because these food coloring you know
what they're good but they're not as
good as these ones to be honest so throw
these ones in and we're Gucci the goal
is to try and convince David that I hate
this so he'll make me drink a first
Channel let's see what he says well I
got something just this is I hate this
shit bro this to the next destination is
Home Depot we're back at it again
to get some supplies in this bitch you
guys know my luck here is terrible and I
don't know where anything is because the
store is so big there's just everything
everywhere so we'll see if we can find
it I said it's there your snake oh you
might have found it guys I had to ask an
employee but I did find out I was
looking for within the first like three
minutes so I'll call this a successful a
strip so guys I need some underwear and
when you're shopping for underwear you
got to get the cheapest one so I got
Excel because I'm a massive human being
and got them from Walmart we're getting
the fucking five pack or six pack from
George on sale yay now we need shirts
blended shirts become so damn much money
holy crap honestly we might have to pass
on the shirts I thought they were
cheaper even at Walmart they're too
expensive like okay socks no that's
I want these are too expensive you know
whose men is this like who's in its
anyways I think the shirts is a flop I
was going to do them but you know
sometimes you can't always do what you
want 20 bucks for three shirts and I'm
gonna need I think the record that I was
going for I'm gonna need like 40 shirts
so this shirts is a flop okay we're
flopped other shirts bucket I have
backup plans though the next thing I
need are a bunch of tennis balls I don't
even know if they'll have enough but I
need like 40 so there's three six
someone stole one from here what a
grease ball so I can't buy those nine
shout out to the tennis balls I got them
all and surprisingly
they are way cheaper than I thought they
were going to be so that is a plus now I
gotta get sticky notes oh these are the
typical ones so guys what I've learned
about sticky notes in the past is if you
were doing anything that requires them
to actually stick do not get dollar
store brand do not get these ones
because these ones are cheaper than
these ones you got to get the most
expensive ones if you actually want them
to stick so I'll get two of these packs
I think that's good enough guys as you
can see on the pack they say they're
super sticky and the purple it's hard to
read but look these are super sticky and
these ones don't say anything about
being super sticky so you can't trust
them sorry got to get these ones guys I
just found these huge crayons at Walmart
imagine if I made a gummy crayon out of
this let me know in the comments or hit
that like button if you guys would want
to see me do that because there's a lot
of open space in there so definitely be
extremely hard there would be so much
fuckin jello I'd have to use so much
gelatin but you know what I'm up for any
challenge so let me know by hitting the
like button if you want me to attempt
the biggest gummy crayon in the world
look at this mighty mug wanna be called
earthquake literally has the exact same
cap as mighty mug the exact same bottom
and they're trying to promote it like
that don't ever disrespect ladybug get
out of here all right guys we just
finished filming uh David's video I'll
let you know how it went guys not too
well your boy threw up okay i legit
fully threw up so if you want to see
that video will be up on Davis channel
youtube.com slash David parody but holy
fuck guys the thing is I do for you too
but now we're about to do my video it's
gonna be a lot more fun Wolfie shit over
there amazing and then realize that fuck
Wolfie
what the hell anyways my video we're
gonna do in about 10 minutes I need a
break after that video I'm gonna have a
Red Bull or some energy drink power up
that Dave is real that wolf he's not
real today but yeah it's a grind day so
I'll let you guys know how my video goes
part of the way through it what's gucci
we're back with breaking world record
no kit for videos I study the video eyes
are started yet but you need blog foot
oh yeah you ready to film behind the
scenes behind the scenes for the record
I need the phone yeah what are you doing
you have something up your sleeve I'm
winning a t-shirt why is a pencil broken
oh I was practicing with your head my
head with your head yeah yes Savage
I know you're pranking me there you go
what what the fuck is the stare saying
bro I just did that is all I did right
you know what's fuckin good it's your
wolfy in today and what are you doing
don't attend dun dun dun dundun dundun
dundun dundun dundun dundun dundun
dundun dude who's man what are you
saying okay you are how about a man
hanging off you 1 2 3 ok we'll all right
guys we just got finished i completely
forgot to update you on what was
happening during my filming but
basically put it this way there was a
lot of fails a lot of injuries your boy
is absolutely sweating I've just cleaned
the entire kitchen
I even flipped the chairs up and
vacuumed under the table so that's how
you know it was like an extreme fucking
video so they is calling me right now
there might be my computer stuff my
computer stuff maybe yeah yeah I leave
it in the car leave it in the car my
computer parts might be in because there
is some big packages Silvia said finally
packages are coming for your boy and not
Silvia okey she probably is more
packages and be still coming but yeah
I'm gonna edit here David is in the
editing room over in my office I'm about
to light this candle actually hold out I
mean let me light the candle because
after two videos have been filmed in my
frigging kitchen you already know it
does not smell too good so light this up
real quick this is a hint of what we
didn't David's video nothing
down there I don't want you guys to see
too much but you see there is a wheel of
mythicality right there so definitely
not one of my most flattering videos so
we wanted to film one of the scenes at
the park but Sylvia had the car and she
just got home now so we couldn't do that
but we had to film the whole thing
indoors
luckily my house is just long enough for
one of the records that we attempted
like literally from this corner to that
corner just long enough so now it's
editing time and then kick back time so
we film two videos it's not even 6:30
even though it's pitch black outside
I'll be done my vlog not too long and
then we have the night time to kick it
yes finally so guys I finally got two
big packages for me and not Sylvia it
feels good it feels good time to cut
these bad boys open so it's just a
receipt we don't need that mad shit in
here oh my god we're about to go to town
got my magic sand oh my god I'm so
fucking home to play this shit guys look
at this this is literally just the
marshmallows that you get in fucking
each other lucky charms that's what it's
called I don't know why I forgot the
name but lucky charms just the
marshmallows I can't show you everything
else because there's a lot of shit but
just know that my vlogs for the next
couple weeks are gonna be lit you guys
shut it - my mom she's the real MVP Toby
went by to pick up my packages that have
been in my house and my mom sent her
home with some nice chicken stir-fry so
it's warming up right now and a
microwave and the microwave does not
shut up in this house until you legit go
up to it like listen to how annoying
that is but you have to go up then go
hey and it stops every time look at that
chicken stir-fry
oh and I also wanted to show this to you
guys that's what I'm going to test out
tonight I had to buy this when I was
buying other video supplies I saw this
in Walmart if you want to be like messy
then you gotta buy these fucking socks
okay apparently you blow bubbles with
like this bubble blower type thing and
then you can kick them with the socks
and they don't pop so if you want to
juggle the ball like messy then you just
need the socks and then it works so this
way you do this kid is so happy why is
he so happy kicking butt little bit
anyways he's got a bubble kicks it up
and just keeps juggling it so step one
pour the bubble mix step 2 wear the
socks step 3
dip the thing step 4 blow step 5 bounce
so the messy saw legit is the messy saw
I wonder if Messi even knows that this
sock exists probably
I'd say like there's a 50% chance but
50% chance that these guys are housed
with snakes try it out after I eat this
of course mom you're watching this vlog
you watch all my vlogs I'll tell you
because you texted me saying this was
amazing so I'll let you know if your
cook is amazing oh not bad loss prism
alright this is lit okay so with these
messy socks check these things out there
fucking orange and blue pretty stretchy
honestly I'm going to put one on right
now maybe give one to Sylvia so we can
kick the soccer ball back and forth I'm
used to wearing tiny socks so nothing
doesn't fit my foot hopefully actually
is that where your toes are always so
mangled look this toes pointing out of
it right there this one barely fits this
is her kids the age of four actually oh
six plus all these 6 pluses not looking
up for this shit this stuff is probably
like the stuff I made in that vlog a
couple days ago and now we put it in the
little container right here that's a
soccer ball so there we go that's it
literally there's nothing else small
parts not for children 3 and under fuck
man I can't even use the parts two and a
half so now you grab it and you blow it
with some side you know what I don't
know what I'm supposed to blow with but
you blow it with the small side okay
pick it up dip it in
oh my god these bubbles are geez okay I
gotta back up stop Oh unpoppable bubble
okay here we go
why would you step on it um gee yay
let's dribble it boom all right so I'm
just gonna put it on my hand because my
hand is a little more manageable yeah oh
oh my god
yo yo yo yo yo what is going on right
now do you guys see this your boy is
juggling bubbles like what bilis is
magic this is magic I don't know what's
in this but I'm about to I'm about to
steal formula and make it myself so ah
we want to build I want to make a big
bubble this time
hmm wow that's huge oh my god you used
to be CEO man that was yeah what the
fuck okay good night
I just have a bubble look at that guy's
you can see me through the bubble I have
it but why do I want it when I can get
oh yeah whoa yo yo yo it's lit open oh
my god you're gonna put on your hand and
then I'm gonna flick it to you and
you're gonna stick it back you're
playing catch with that well ball my
feet take it there you go
oh that's cool BAM that's it yep yep
yeah I'm messy right now as soon as it
touches regular skid it's like fuck that
up pooping oh good god up my shirt wait
maybe this works is regular material too
maybe they try and sell you on the socks
yeah why would they sell it they're
selling you on the socks they're selling
you on the socks it's the fucking bubble
in just any material like it's the socks
is that why you named your messy I'm
cheese I'm done that's literally why
they just wanted to name it messes socks
are irrelevant they don't need to look
like cleats it's literally just socks
post in the garbage yeah good throw
Tobey is trying to get me into watching
Empire
right Silvia apparently there's a new
season of empire on right now it's not
new what is it season throught five
seven so we're watching season five of
Empire if it's not out I thought you
guys showed yourself because this is
exclusive as shit friggin Rakeem just
did some crazy shit to Becky and now the
whole world's about blood right
Becky hacking hacking cheated on Becky
with Stacey and now
Greymon is like dream on the show is
crazy
no one's on season five like us right
yeah I know
no for the regular people we get it and
we have season six so if you guys want
it like like the video so right now
there's one of the most crazy
thunderstorms outside the lightning and
thunder just went off to the point where
Wolfie jr. was sitting in that corner
right there sleeping passed out
absolutely kale and then some crazy
lightning went off and it like lit up
the whole room and then thunder went off
right after it made the hugest sound and
I guess Wolfie Junior's never heard
thunder before because this guy was up
so damn quick like sometimes I won't let
him sleep because I just want to cuddle
up with him so much so we don't leave
him alone too much when he sleeps so
like sometimes he'll run off and just go
sit in the corner and I'm still looking
at the whole time but he's just like
okay I would no I just want to actually
sleep you guys keep touching me and
kissing me so yeah he was under here and
then the Thunder went off this guy
jumped up did like one or two really
loud barks and then sprinted over to me
and Sylvia to go cuddle with us so
there's literally funny as hell and now
he's super exhausted I guess that just
took so much energy out of him cuz he's
so scared right now but I'm gonna end
the vlog off there so I'm gonna go
cuddle Wolfie jr. it's also pretty early
today it's like I'd say it's around
12:30 which is pretty much an
improvement for me I know it's not that
early but I am trying to make my bedtime
earlier so I can wake up and be more
productive so cut me some damn slack
okay anyways I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog if you did please do not forget to
go down and smash that like button let's
hit 25 thousand likes on this vlog wolf
em let's get if you have a special
anyone go hit it right now also if you
made it to the very end of the vlog I
want you guys to comment something down
below just so I know you made it and
you're the real fucking MVP you're the
real true savages let's get it so I want
you guys to comment down below
because the chairs are still upside down
from dinnertime comment upside-down if
you guys want a snapchat shout out also
I will be replying to a shitload of
people that comment that so just leave
it in the comments anyways again I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage of my main
channel and as always stay savage leggo
