good morning a yo let's get at your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy it is
Sylvia's birthday today
Shunta so yeah she just turned 15 today
so it's a big day we woke up late we're
gonna go get breakfast and then we're
gonna go get blessed dinner but because
we woke up late we can't go get
breakfast
Sylvia still has to edit video right
yeah so she's editing on her birthday
the grind doesn't stop so well she's
editing her video I'm gonna go pick up
some extra dog food because we ran out
of dog food I also have to go get paper
towels just some little supplies but I
won't make her come with me because she
needs to get her shit done and it's her
birthday so I'm gonna go do all the
chores we just dropped wolfy jr. off of
my mom's house so she's taking care of
him and let's get the Beast knighted so
we ended up just picking up Tim horns we
got bagels nothing too crazy just quick
food to hold us over until dinner we're
back in the bitch cats are here my front
porch doesn't have any pumpkin or
anything and all the neighbors have
crazy friggin scarecrows and everything
let me know in the comments down below
if you guys or your family celebrates
Halloween to the point where you guys go
crazy with the designs out front of the
house have like pumpkins
jack-o'-lanterns ghosts skeletons spider
webs all the stuff like that because
there's one house on my street at the
very end of the street I'll show you
guys when I leave my house it has
literally all of this like it makes up
for the whole neighborhood because the
neighborhood has shit all except for
this one house my house doesn't have a
pumpkin out the front was probably using
a video or some shit like that but we
never went too hard on that we always
gave out candy and stuff like that we
always had a pumpkin at least a pumpkin
carved of course but I know the
neighborhood's were like the neighbors
compete for who can have the craziest
halloween design so let me know in the
comments down below what your family did
guys look how proud I am of Silvia
editing in my old stomping grounds in my
old house hey and guy showed to everyone
I just hit 3.4 million subscribers on
the main channel I remember like a few
days ago I just said I hit 3.3 we are
climbing to the top soon we'll be top at
300 top five youtubers in 2018 that's
why I said my goal but for 2017 I want
to be top 250 youtubers will slice the
500 and half that's the next goal so I
just sent out a tweet saying thank you
for 3.4 million subscribers I'm
following some active followers today
because I got a show love back and
wolfies gonna say all right guys time to
get everything done before Sylvia's done
her and it just started raining but
check this house out it's not even done
yet by the way it's October it's not
even halfway through October but this
one has like caution signs
pumpkin skulls like tombstones
everything literally like it's halfway
through October I mean they definitely
did it a little early but that is way
more than anything on my street has and
I know people go even harder than that
in the world and I know people go harder
than that for Christmas and stuff but
holy shit goddamn alright guys so just
started raining like absolutely crazy
I'm just trying to eat my bangles and
get you down but look at this
it's literally pouring rain drops are
soaking I'm loud on my car first thing I
got to do is buy the dog more friggin
pet food I think this is what gets extra
small puppy chow by Royal Canin this is
the stuff because they have one for
every puppy they are poodle Chihuahua
but they don't have one for Maltese even
they have one for Yorkie so it's either
this or this but he really likes this
look at this to bacchus Star Wars
costume oh my god imagine putting will
feature this thing oh fuck this is too
fucking cute god damn I might have to
get this Sylvia will see this vlog
tomorrow and I'll ask her if she wants
to buy it so here's one Margaret look at
it got a nice hood it's thick material
that or the lobster you choose alright
guys so I have like 15 minutes to kill I
just went to the balloon place they're
filling up all the balloons for me then
I'm gonna have to take them back to my
house I don't know how I'm gonna carry
everything in in one trip there's a lot
of shit a lot of heavy shit - so now I'm
picking up some paper towels just
quickly and then I'm gonna run back to
the place are these using paper towels
yeah these are good get two of these
they're on sale and then I'm gonna go
get my balloons okay time to put the
present down we're gonna put the present
in the center of the room right here but
it's gonna look better when there's a
lot more balloons in the room so just
leave it there for now put this away and
take out the take out the dog food first
of all we don't need that we need these
okay we need the bows I'm gonna put one
bolt on the big box in the closet cuz I
put something in the closet so she's
gonna see the initial present right here
it's gonna be there with a lot of
balloons she's gonna get excited then at
the very end of the card it's gonna say
like turn around or some shit like that
I got her the big mirror that she's
wanted so there it is put one of the
bows on there put one of the bows on
there we gotta hurry up I gotta get back
to the fucking balloon store like
they're waiting on me all I can say is
thank God I got a reverse cam cause your
boy cannot see shit I have balloons on
deck behind me but shut up to the people
I just met a bunch of kids that came up
I guess they saw me over there and then
they saw me getting into my car with all
the balloons I was struggling I looked
like an idiot but they came up and said
hi there dad said what up I'm just
loving the amount of support in my own
City right now so
to blessing we're gonna keep pushing
where I go 225 billion subscribers now
let's get these balloons home literally
I have to sit the whole car ride up
right now because if I push my seat any
further back it's almost like the max
because I'm so damn tall I have the risk
of popping a balloon and I think I got
like twenty two balloons unless I can't
count I got 22 because she's 22 so I'm
not trying to pop any other balloons
it's not our 21st birthday it's our 20th
birthday and I mean if I probably it's
not going to be as special so I already
fucked up with the balloons it says
bonne fÃªte which means happy birthday
in French I played myself definitely but
can you believe I made that mistake cuz
Sylvia knows just as little French as I
do but I just saw the nice white
balloons and I was like you know these
are fresh I'm gonna get these because I
looked through all the balloons and
these are the ones that honestly look
the nicest when they were small they
still open they're big but they're just
in French though so yeah now I'm gonna
get my mom and then I'm going to drop
the balloons in my house I have to
untangle them they're tangled as fuck in
the back then I'm gonna go with her
quickly to check out a house my mom
loves her houses hopefully by the time
we're done that Sylvia's on her video
and then we can reserve dinner cuz your
boy did not eat too much this morning
just so that I could eat like a nice
nice dinner later each other
okay so everything set up now I got the
balloons on this side the French
balloons on this side the present in the
middle and then she's going to turn
around
yeah there yeah they're all French and
then she's gonna open the closet and
then the big present is right there
you know I need you guys to do me a
quick favor I want you guys to comment
down below some dope new music that I
can listen to because your boy is
downloading music later today I was
downloading it last night there has not
been too many new bangers out these days
I'm pretty sure I have all the music
downloaded but I like rap hip hop trap
music I also like the occasional like
house or EDM songs but anything just
calling something down below leave a
list leave like your soundcloud or
something because your boy needs new
music and I know a lot of you guys
probably have some dope music taste so
please no rock no country just give me
like some disgusting deeds alright thank
you I love you guys you call a Stephanie
I call a heaven
look around in the house and my mom shed
hair right now I found the culprit
they asked by are you oh my god I know I
won't be over this oh it's not bad it's
kind of old school but he trims not bad
there's some decent space in these rooms
that's for sure
very blank house it's not much to it
what in the world is that bird saying
what were you doing here hey okay Junior
it's going to walk oh I know you scared
of the ghost why are you being a booze
yeah by the way guys my mom got this
Canada Goose lookin ass thing for wolfy
jr. is it yeah
and he doesn't like the Hudson his head
is always like trying to look up it's so
cute
wolfy shown your new Canada Goose jacket
swag
you look so warm
he hates the hoodies like fuck this okay
show them in model a box oh good
modeling Betty nice ready let us see
them I like I can't see put the head
back there you go oh that's way pose for
the camera
the good little bum come here buddy yeah
what they do on a walk we're going on a
walk going on a walk let's go so we got
back to my house and we are going to
dinner in like an hour and 20 minutes so
we finished our video so now we can kick
back relax and just go eat some nice
damn food bo can you see how clean the
house is I clean a little bit for you
your pee pads are everywhere he's like
I've never even noticed what is that but
read them what does that mean happy
birth yeah it's in French I fucked up
they look nice in there when they were
small the set up look at this she's
taking a pic before she even does
anything this is a girl's man girls 2016
open the present are you doing is
captioning our snapchat image I'm cheese
oh hey stop eating your mom's birthday
card whoa now you got to open it
whoa that's me yeah that's me right
there and I'll run top of your big
things look what else I got you blazing
light up your day it
enjoy what could it be
I didn't get much but I had to get you
wine blood turn up thank you
you know of windows and chocolates
I got chocolates for days what else did
I say in the letter something about
lighting up my day it's a little bigger
than what I have now this is bigger than
the wine bottles what's in the closet
gokhan the door these are just the intro
present what is it what's that it's here
you know that is in the bloom here I
don't know
it's the really open it I hope it's not
broken coz like look at the that's what
I went to the States again Wow none of
my stuff was in yet that's why I'm
mission to the States
thank you guys so this is what the
mirror looks like without the light
bulbs all the light bulbs are there
we're about to put it up there it's
gonna replace the diva light let's get
it so this is what it finally looks like
all the bulbs so many frigging bulbs so
there you can turn on oh my god I might
not have fully plugged these two lights
in I never mind we got every light to
work except this one so I'm going to
switch this bulb with one of these bulbs
and see if it works please work okay
guys so I found the problem it is just
this light bulb this light bulb must be
burnt out but it's all good this thing
is bright as hell as you guys can see
it's dope as hell so this is awesome so
guys we got to the place I know what I'm
getting I'm at the keg and I'm gonna get
this Caesar salad to start and then I'm
going to
New York steak is really big by hungry
as hell and then accompaniment so I can
get like a baked potato twice baked
potato is also really good but I might
just go with thighs who knows birthday
girl yeah it's blurry
do you guys think it is solid old man we
got calamari
you already know novice right they have
to be oh yeah give me a fork little fork
dip it mmm guys look at this steak my
twice baked potato goddamn mushrooms
green peppers we're about to muck Silvia
to get her food back my mom with the
chicken and avacado
you already know my mom takes the most
pictures for Instagram so we don't eat
before everyone takes a picture we don't
actually eat our food here 2016 you're
tweeting it okay all right you don't
need our food we just make so we're done
dinner we're gonna go pick up the dog
and go back to my mom's house to go
either cake but I just want to let you
guys know that I'm listening to the most
fuckin blessed song in the world
shout-out to the man Kevin MacLeod if
you guys are a youtuber you know the man
is this guy provided the world with
royalty-free music so you know what I
can play it and not get copyrighted
right now you guys want to know the
music I listen to it's all about Kevin
MacLeod showed it to my naked Kevin
you saying royalty-free music isn't lit
well let me just provide you with some
Elizabeth
now we're back and Sylvia just got her
cake yeah
marble slab creamery cake god they don't
fuck around a big place
ice cream cake the best ice cream cake I
told my mom to get your ice cream cake I
was just thinking Dairy Queen and then
my mom's like now marble slab look at
this cake cookies free looks like gyb
life we should have a pad thai paste I
beau fear you having cake with us you
are ok come grab some that looks like
the best ice cream cake that cookie
dough I call this oh my god you don't
need a wet knife I we're gonna take all
the cake they're gonna take off and
leave Marcus over hey ready hey brick
good job we got the plan Eyre let's go
hi Lionel start the plan go here we go
cake this is a foreign cake taste test
this is from Island right okay IRS cake
taste mmm delicious that's so good so
now we're watching this show called
90-day fiance
you have 90 days to be somebody's fiance
or something see if the love is real
that's what okay so this is kicking me
law I'm trying to watch the show
this girl's modeling in a underwear and
a bra and I don't know if that guy's
gonna be her fiance or not all right you
guys see the time it's 12:11 now it's no
longer Sylvia's birthday I have the
allergies I don't know what the hell
happened to me I literally think I have
on-and-off allergies with cats
so my allergies cut out completely once
I left home but every so often when I go
there and fucking touch the cat's for
two seconds my nose is running my eyes
have been so itchy for the past hour
it's ridiculous I'm crying but Sylvia
it's no longer your birthday so guess
what I'm breaking up with you peace this
mirror is mine this mirror is mine I'm
grabbing it it's not yours anymore I'm
smashing these lights all right it was
good being with you see ya good
relationship I have to go you can't pay
me enough to stay with you I'm out see
ya stop the door's locked
okay see ya you get a dog now I'm
breaking up with you now here I'm gonna
take the dog see you so via he's passed
out but I got a wolfy jr. with me he has
my name he's wolfy jr. all the wolfy's
are leaving no it wasn't a birthday yet
I just got a break up with you on your
own birthday what would you do if I
pranked you and broke up with you on
your own birthday break up with you
would you actually believe it or not I
feel like I could sell you on it no guys
I could definitely only think I could
alright guys blessed he knows what I'm
like she doesn't think I could break up
with her so another song
she doesn't think my acting skills are
on fleek but she doesn't even know the
fuck right I love you I were broken up
bringing it bring it in all right you
know this could be a real breakup I'm
crying cuz my allergies ready to help
you know what Wolfie you know we're
breaking up go to sleep if you don't
care I knew you cared man I fucking knew
you can't come here bringing it bringing
it bringing it anyways guys it is time
to do the trip to duel you looking ass
now we are watching Breaking Bad we
cracked open the wine we're watching
Breaking Bad what are you looking at me
like that
fucking fold up because you love the
dishes oh yeah I left some dishes in the
sink so she can't do that as you guys
can see there's wine the chips are out
so Leah's got her bueno right here the
first of mini chocolates at the boy
butter I just took some allergy medicine
hopefully this clears up within like the
next hour - this is ridiculous I can't
deal with this allergies are the fucking
worst so thank God at least snow is
gonna probably cut out some of my
allergies with like the different plants
that I'm allergic to that
ragweed or some shit I think that's what
I'm allergic to think that's what most
people are allergic to in the winter
ragweed won't exist maybe some dust will
still exist so I might still be allergic
to some stuff but red we won't exist but
then there will be mountains of snow so
you know bad things good things
positives just stuff all right there
quote of the day so we just finished the
first episode of Breaking Bad but we
decided to finish another episode all of
these shows have like crazy cliffhanger
so this the episode we're on you guys
probably don't get much from that but
Miranda sings
aka Colleen is on the fucking screen
right there girl has her own series on
Netflix that's a made a moment shout out
to Miranda sings it can a Colleen or
Polly an aka Miranda but yeah I'm gonna
end the vlog off there because me and
Sylvia are gonna continue to watch this
probably like one or two more episodes
at least before we go to bed and I got
to spend some quality time with the
birthday girls so I'm gonna end the vlog
off their quality time with the birthday
girl so I'm gonna have the fuck off
there but I hope you guys enjoyed if you
did make sure to go smash that like
button
twenty-five thousand likes okay will
family so we always go for on this
channel so go smash the like button
let's hit twenty five thousand also if
you made it to the very end of this vlog
this birthday blog the special vlog I
want you guys to comment down below
happy belated birthday Sylvia because if
you guys missed it on the vlog yesterday
I want you guys to make up for it on
this vlog and if you do I will show you
on snapchat
also I'm gonna be replying to a bunch of
people that comment
so happy belated birthday Silvia that's
all Thank You Terence actually have a
birthday yesterday thank you to every
okay thank you to everyone who wished
her happy birthday yesterday anyways
again I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage Laramie Jail and as always stay
Savage later peace
leggo
