good morning AOS kiss your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy right now
guess who I am
I am at the barbershop I'm about
to get my hair cut this is ridiculous
I've let it just grow all nappy and
disgusting so I need to get a cut enough
is enough I just finished up at the bank
it's still early as hell and your boy is
not fully awake but we're being
productive today it's good to get up
early so that I can film early and do
everything early so I have more free
time at the end of the day so this is my
hair right now before I'm gonna give you
guys a quick look at it okay all right
Caroline kinda looks like map of
Costa Rica but it's all good put this
hat back on and let's go get it cut
alright guys I got my hair cut I
completely forgot to update you guys on
the cut but we got it faded nicely lined
up at the front didn't take too much off
the top but we took off enough for it to
look fresh and you see the sides yeah
that was the problem like honestly it
looked like pubes on the side of my head
so I have to clean that up
anyways heading home right now sylia and
wolfy jr. are just chilling and
apparently wolfy juniors in his like
sleepy phase so I'm gonna go cuddle with
this guy for a bit and both me and
Silvia have to film today so I'm not
sure when I'm gonna film yet I have a
couple ideas so we'll see what I bang
out also Silvia just called me and she
told me that she had to unclog the
toilet this morning because last night I
ended up finding and killing that spider
and I did the same thing I put it in the
toilet with a bunch of paper towel and
clogged the toilet again so no more that
I guys so we're just about to watch
another episode of the show we started
last night guys please do not make fun
of me for hovering on this show like way
late I know like everybody's already
seen this show but your boy does not
watch any TV so the next thing we're
gonna watch is Breaking Bad well at
least a bit of Breaking Bad we just did
the first episode last night second
episode is right now season 1 I know
we're noobs but I'm not a
Netflix guy I'm not a show guy these are
like the three full shows I've watched
other than Prison Break like years ago
but I got my fresh haircut I'm ready to
film as soon as I'm done this episode
maybe you'll do two episodes we'll see I
don't know
it's Friday Sylvia's birthday is in two
days she's turning 16 the boys are in
Halifax today so DJ Shaun jad and Vaughn
Lauren Halifax the only people in Ottawa
right now are me Sylvia and David so me
and David are probably gonna be
productive I don't know probably text
him I think he's editing a bit today but
I know we have to film another breaking
Guinness World Records video and I know
you guys really with those and
those are super fun to film so I'm gonna
hit him up in a bit and see if he wants
to film another one
not I have another really good DIY idea
that I'm gonna try and do so whether he
can film or not your boy is going to be
productive today on this Friday this guy
was not tired at all for the past 20
minutes when I came home he's been going
wild but now he is sleepy Silvia told me
he was sleepy that's why I came home
because I wanted to cuddle him but this
guy was like biting and licking my face
because you just couldn't get enough and
now he's finally tired again so he's
sleeping a bit and watch our Breaking
Bad we just got to the mail store again
Silvia has more mail I know I cannot
believe how much mail this girl gets but
I took probably the most amazing nap
I've taken in years just like an hour
ago
I fell asleep like honestly only an hour
but it felt like it was like a full
sleep so I'm completely rejuvenated
gotta wait another time for Sophia to
come out of this store your boy is ready
to film power myself up a bit okay tell
me hurry up come outside cuz we got we
got your filming and the goal today is
walk-in Dollarama without buying
anything my goal is not to buy anything
because every time I come here I can
always find at least one or two things
for a video so actually you know what's
good I roll I'm about to find something
you know I just cheese me I could have
used this glass pumpkin mold and it's
like a nice pumpkin mode for my DIY
pumpkin it would have been a lot smaller
but since its glass I feel like I could
have just hit it really hard on the
ground and the glass would have broke
off and the mold would have worked
perfectly why I didn't think of that
before
I have no idea so one of you
guys sent me a friggin dog costume in
the mail for Wolfie jr. for Halloween so
I don't know if he's going to be a
banana split yet we might use that
costume but there is some nice
alternatives here so I'm probably just
gonna get them this Cape it's a dollar
fifty he can be a vampire kind of looks
like a vampire
this kinda looks like a beter wolfy jr.
too so it's only a dollar fifty what the
hell oh I'm getting it
or this tricks are for kids thing or a
pumpkin but I don't think these two
would fit anymore so I might just have
to go with this let's see if I can prank
Silvia with one of these hands I'm gonna
put this under my sleeve and then shake
her hand see what she says
it's okay it's okay so don't be scared
don't be scared it's just a hand come on
come on
but I'm about to film but before I film
I wanted to test something I bought this
when I went to the States I bought these
like fun building straws so I got my
water here my energy drink here gotta
show the energy drink right before I
phoned but I'm gonna around with
the water with this for a second so as
you guys can see I can't really use it
yet because it says it's for ages 6 and
up and I only happen to be 3 and a half
so I mean okay stay sketchies me but
yeah I'm not too young for this but I'm
a rebel I don't give a anyway so I
got like one I'm doing this we got like
the middle piece right here cup of blue
pieces couple green pieces you know what
I'm just gonna take it out of the box
guys apparently Wolfie took my damn fan
mail where is it
hey why do you have my fan mail
why are you trying to open it so bad are
you he's like yo he said they said it's
for Wolfie
so I'm Wolfie and I need to open it you
want the fan mail come here come get the
fan mail come get the fan mail come here
I'm gonna close the door on you you're
not coming in look at him look at him
look at him
you want it Oh snake he's a snake he's a
snake he is a snake look at this guy
where are you going
that's my fan mail I need that I need
the fan mail give me the fan mail okay
all right give me it give me the fan
mail you me give me the fan mail just
just give me the fan mail Wolfie it's
not for you it's for me
I'm Wolfie oh my god hey this guy are
you done running across the universe can
I have it
okay he's opening it he's opening it fan
mail opening okay you know what we're
gonna open this one because for some
reason the dog really wants to open it
so this one is from Shaheen and it
doesn't say where they're from but it
has a Superman sticker on the front of
it okay so as you guys can see it is a
picture of me vlogging and walking
Wolfie jr. hey you're in the pic he knew
he knew that's why I opened it because
he was in the pic what a sell for so guy
but we're walking wolf he's like wolf I
got my camera up here I'm like hey guys
got some clouds got the Sun you already
know what it is a butterfly some
shrubbery a bee a bumblebee and on the
back it says I have four puppies in two
birds it almost felt it right so I'll
give you that thank you so much and it
also got a bracelet I think this is a
bracelet
what this is but i'ma wear it because
I'm pretty sure it's a bracelet though I
got my swaggy ass bracelet right here
it's like pink leopard print so I'm
probably gonna give it to Sylvia because
she likes pink and leopard I'm aware for
now because it's from Shaheen and I got
sure love for the wolf am so thank you
wolfy jr. you didn't even look at me
unbox that you're a snake look at me if
you like Sheen
alright he kind of looked at me he likes
you care so I'm gonna make this throw
into the deck is straw ever black I
looked up wolfy raps and there's some
funny-ass videos that I'm watching again
I found one DIY liquid sacking I think
that's a video my brother Dave how'd it
be wolfy traps these videos always crack
me up because you guys oppresses and we
are kind of spot on so I'm going to
watch this one quick look at the intro
hey I don't use one of those intros I
ain't pregnant piece hold up
boy if you don't get your royalty free
makeup tutorial music out of this bitch
right now if there's one thing I take
pride on my videos okay could shirt be
on how I act shirt me if I overact
whatever but my music is bomb my
music sets my videos apart from so many
damn videos I love my damn music choice
so don't turn my damn music
but I'll let it slide okay I'll let you
go because you got a couple bottles I
don't know you're gonna do yet
hey that's my bro yay music - it's
though you almost got to flip you always
got to flip this definitely only two
Lakers but up you to you Eddie just fell
holy how many likes it you can ask
for i'm cheese you didn't ask for enough
likes you need to ask for minimum half
of your subscriber base so if you have a
million subscribers you actually have to
ask for 500,000 if you have 500,000 got
asked for 250,000 but if you're me ask
for 6 million on every video alright
here we go guys I got a Wolfie raps
exposed video this is the next one I
gotta watch let's do it this video is a
jubilant anyone with a brain chem
Sealand my love will see the day
subscribe now we all know Will Ferrell
ships of invidious on the interwebs even
inspired me to be a little savage myself
let's go my bedtime really gets ages but
mostly told you that will see this
beeline to the will whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa kale Helen
whoa my mom teaches me six we'll see
ways there's a red flag
what is it I don't know anything about
because I'm I'm 50/50 do you have 50
people usually started with a line what
is face it out say this video you're
gonna tell me that your name isn't
Wolfie this helped me feel so since 1917
in a couple of his videos a couple I
said it literally probably everybody no
way someone's most girls than me I say
the best at last
Gideon's how do we pollute it when asked
the question not all games will see my
own was like yo fellas what no no
it isn't it's clearly not that's what I
said it's not I'm 18 years old come on
fat we st. well there you have it folks
I have exposed wolfy wives and it will
see I'm not done yet
oh oh no no no no no no no no
no no no no oh yes please
shut up cheese Julia how old am I
17 come tell the viewers I'm 17 they
don't believe me
okay fine guys it's time to come clean
about my age I'm not actually 17 I am 12
and a half years old right okay all
right I'm 12 and a half years old that's
my biggest secret exposed sorry guys so
guys I'm around with these
drawers and this is what I've come up
with so far so as you can see at the
front it's coming it's all symmetrical I
tried to use the same colors but I
 up in a few places rectangle on
this side little rectangle on this side
and this is where I'm going to this
second level I don't know how much
further I'm gonna go because honestly I
don't know how well this is gonna hold
together when I try and use it but
hopefully this straw thing works because
if it doesn't work I'm gonna be cheese I
don't even know what this tube is for I
got the straws for connectors I threw
out the instructions so I'm lost
Oh oh my god okay guys so this is the
final invention I could come up with now
we are gonna try and drink out of it
I've attached the end part I'm pretty
sure that's what the clear straws were
for for like the actual drinking part
because it's gonna be really hard to
find the water if you've got like a
straight straw or something that can't
bend easily like this one so time to put
it on my head and see how this works
okay so I've attached it to my head and
this is what it looks like going off my
head I think it's all still together oh
I played myself oh god I need to attach
one of these drawers to my mouth what am
I saying oh my god that's what this is
for okay let me attach this kay guys I
got the glasses on partially these are
extremely hard to put on this pipe broke
off all right we gotta restart no I need
to write this aren't you I think they
just don't stay on your nose huh ha ha
ha I would laugh but I'm gonna destroy
this whole thing how is that even
comfortable I don't know why she's a boy
come on
so it's coming that's working it takes
so much time and so much effort
just to get that one set well that's it
never tastes so good does Eli tasting to
finish the water okay no Mikey oh ha ha
it's so much I don't doing something
completely wrong I feel like my brother
could never do this like a liquid like
what okay honestly guys my review on
this was a negative ten out of
ten
yeah you're getting so angry
it putting on your face at this
point let's just make sure it works it
barely sucks there's like holes again
alright it took so long to get to your
mouth by the time I got to your mouth
it's like boiling water cuz from the
distance when this is actually cold
water so honestly this is getting a
trash out of ten guys man the vlog out
there I'm chilling with Wolfie jr. right
now I don't know this guy's he's licking
me oh yeah I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog if you did please go down and smash
that like button let's hit 25 thousand
likes wolf em you already know that's
how we always do what we always smash it
so let's go go down hit that like button
if you haven't already
also if you made it to the very end of
the blog I want you guys to comment
something down below so I know you made
it to the end
Wolfie jr. what should they come in what
I'm a savage wolf he's a savage comment
will be the savage down below and I will
come back to a bunch of you guys that do
also show you guys have love on snapchat
anyways again I hope you guys enjoyed
and I will see you guys doing on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage wacko
