good morning AOS goodness you boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy today David
is back there he's just running into the
Tim Hortons to go pee we are going to
the United States like I said yesterday
we have stuff to pick up or well I have
stuff to pick up there's a lot of stuff
you cannot yet in Canada but there's
this place that allows you to order
stuff there pick it up or they can have
it delivered to your house but because
I'm super impatient I'm gonna be driving
there it's only like an hour and 10
minutes away from me I have my passport
I have my coffee I just picked up a
breakfast sandwich from Tim Hortons I
don't have much more to bring I'm
charging my extra vlog camera in my nice
handy-dandy thing this thing's amazing I
love this thing because David's coming
with me you already know we're not just
gonna make this an unproductive trip
we're gonna do taste test we're gonna do
something when we get there so whatever
stores the states have that we don't
have we're probably gonna check out
before we come back today guys we're
already at the border I think and now we
are going to the bridge to the USA a we
are getting there guys we are entering
into the United States we're going over
a bridge I don't know if I'm supposed to
be driving on the side of the road oh
here we go
having a meet-up in audience yeah guys
meetup in Ogdensburg tonight at 6 p.m.
Eastern Standard Pacific time so just be
that's honesty as I'm not gonna lie this
bridge scares me a bit why is this
bridge so long ok so now we are gonna
test his skills with talking to the
Border Patrol
hello sir alright what's your reason for
traveling today picking up supplies her
video perfidy hackage I'm shooting a
package so come over here to the right
we're gonna need to check your car shit
here it is the border I'm gonna fuck
wish us luck guys
two youtubers trying to enter the
country hit the like button for good
luck so we can get into the States yeah
otherwise they're gonna turn tell us
turn around go home so guys if you see
the GPS this is the border we are at the
border right here the border is right
ahead of us and there's only one lane
open I'm kind of cheese about that but
as soon as you go through the border
literally you like turn left
and then the place that I need to be
going is right there so it said it was
gonna take us half an hour longer than
it actually took us on the GPS but it
just like cut down 30 minutes so we're
here okay guys so we made it it's kind
of trippy because it's literally right
here and the border is right behind
those trees over there so it's like as
soon as you cross the border come get
your shit way easier than I thought it
was going to be way quicker than I
thought it was going to be let's see if
they have my package
they said they did so all right guys so
we got what we needed to get only one of
my packages then I ordered - we're gonna
go screw around in the states I guess
for a bit might have a likkle meet up at
Ogdensburg to kill time and then
hopefully by the time we head home which
shouldn't be too long
they have my other package that comes in
it's with UPS so and they also gave me a
nice promo code so they just in case I
can get it shipped to Canada or Ottawa
if I need to so I don't have to come
back an hour and I also got a free
Bridge pass because I just had to pay
like three bucks to cross the bridge and
they gave me a free Bridge pass back so
we're gonna first off of the day there's
Walmart in the States smells like cow
poop over here maybe this is just an
Ogdensburg thing but who knows beer is
the first thing you run into in the
Walmart guys like no wonder everyone
should see look David my by it's decent
price do 18 actually I wouldn't know the
price I'm too young a jerk when you want
to be dr. pepper so bad where you can't
be you turn doctor Thunder guys I know
everything's bigger in America but I
mean these bugle chips like bugles are
not in this bunch demand to be making
them bigger than family-pack chip sizes
guys this is blowing my mind I'm used to
seeing friggin cereal in boxes like this
but what are those why he's so pitiful
this is bigger than me this is bigger
than me drinking fruity pebbles they got
everything holy crap
guns guns woman I just found the
creepiest thing I've ever seen in my
life Dino hand-grabber look at this it
looks in feels like a dinosaur hand like
you feeling in it's rubbery okay and
check this out you know one of those
closet you just grabbed so quick look at
this
right give me that I'll give you that
this is so weird hold up yeah yeah yeah
oh my god it feels like a fucking hand
that's a weirdo so I'll just put that
back the question is do they have the
g7x mark to hear because if they do your
boys about to cop it and it's not
looking too good
why is this camera so hard to find man
oh they even got the ghetto Joby guys I
just want to let you guys know I don't
approve this wallet I'm mighty well
until I die and they're trying to rip
off your boy a mighty wallet and I use
it everyday so hey all right
that's karma Instant Karma all right
guys so we're having to meet up at
Walmart buy this shopping cart thing
actually maybe buy this one so we're
gonna wait about five minutes we'll see
how many people come out all right guys
so we waited about five minutes and
there's no fan so me and David are kind
of cheese protiens and wolf em didn't
show up in obscene Birds but it's all
good we're gonna go back to the package
place and see if the other package is in
if not then we're probably going to go
back to Canada because we're in the
States okay guys so we're just gonna
pick up some food before we went back we
are at a place called dirty gringo I
don't know how I feel about the name I
also feel like we're in like the middle
of like a town that's about to be shut
down but it's all good we're gonna get
some Mexican food and I'll tell you how
good it is compared to burrito gringo I
looked at all the menu and I had to just
get my typical quesadilla and I got like
two or three tacos or something
I'm really excited because I'm starving
I have not eaten that much today they
got mad stuff on the menu it's looking
and blessed tacos are here and we are in
business I got my Chipotle Tabasco sauce
never had this one but we'll smell it
it's a wrap
bullshit comes out quick I gotta show
love to this place they have this cool
thing a board where you sign what you
thought of it honestly I'm gonna spell
delicious the lay shit
delicious re that's definitely how you
smell right all right
wolfy get a crown go in there and David
says sausage all right Wolfie sucks on a
fuck this guy but for real guys their
food was absolutely delicious really
cheap if you guys are ever in Ogdensburg
for some reason it's called Ogden's not
Eden's burger come to dirty gringo and
they'll hook you up pay guys pay
attention to the right-hand side of the
road I'm about to show you the biggest
house I've ever seen in my damn life
we're driving back from Oban expert look
at this house on the right ok guys that
is not a castle this is a house I didn't
even know this house existed like that
like
like what do you need that for we live
in Ottawa why are you buying a house
that big in Ottawa like why is there
houses that make in Ottawa all right
guys
this is what happens with Dave vlogs
it's getting inside the time-lapse guys
I'm at Costco I'm about to cop the
blanket I was talking about the other
day
is that the one Kate Spade blanket these
things are so soft hey hey chill it's
played its blade I'm gonna paint me who
King fleece should I get white feel that
yeah I know what I want oh there's
another color yeah this one's gonna get
absolutely disgusting yeah bro tell me
how the Red Bulls you get 24 for 42
beans or 24 look at the price
come on like like come on not in fact
I'm gonna get two of these just so we
don't go out of stock gotta have your
red raised guys gotta have your Idris
Red Raven for watching a sponsor me okay
guys so we're at the boys house now I
got something in the States called the
glow wobble blow bubble bubble ball
parently and inflates up to three feet
so me and David are gonna blow it up
with our mouths not even a blower unless
it comes with like a blower there's a
come inflates with wobble ball in
minutes battery-operated pump included
but are the batteries agree the bond
rent requires four D size batteries not
included
it stinks okay we're blowing it up the
old-fashioned way with our mouths let me
show you how to open it ah yes exact
okay okay okay
si oh okay yeah so there we go it opened
it okay oh this thing feels like an
oversized condom this ain't no Hulu so
we got a balloon aka a condom
it's like a little butthole diluent bro
we need batteries we might have to go
get batteries no no how you gonna blow
into that yeah looks like it smells like
cotton candy not everyone can afford
batteries so God blow it oh damn you
guys you guys have many batteries oh yes
I do Chad looking fresh hey guys so we
couldn't get the D batteries and we
didn't read the instructions but David
is figuring out how blow it up and it's
supposed to get this big that's how big
it's supposed to get and we're all gonna
play with it and say guess is that here
it came with Lube so you could lube up
the friggin bubble vegetable pocket
Cherie it's in there now we're good
oh that's why you need these patches
where those worth
so like patch the hole because now
you're in it penetrated so now it's like
if you take that out it's gonna go
that's ever guys the rules are both
lubricate a lime insert going out now oh
it's probably not fully going out but I
don't want to risk popping it yet
because I want to fuck around a little
bit so as you guys can see if you throw
it up in the air actually I'll give you
a bounce test this place to the ground
okay leader come off the ground that's
trippy as hell you see if it goes like
this can i clap through it you're gonna
pop it oh my gosh sticking yay oh we
almost lost it that's hard
yay all right keep up challenge bro what
the hell so weird you can't predict the
direction one okay yeah you got do 252
okay just go as much as you can
one is the mag's people challenges are
out now bubble blowing contest okay see
you can pull the biggest bubble so here
we go here's mine Jesus
whoa
ooh guys this is not a glowing test
check out the ball glowing downstairs
here throw it down yeah it shows well
that's a dope just a yeet look at that
guys it looks so friggin trippy
look at this light dark wait oh it takes
a second with it yeah goes
glow-in-the-dark
bubble toss it up okay that's a little
quick hey guys I don't know if this is a
good idea but apparently you can sit on
this bubble so let's try it out oh yo
look at these guys
I'm fully on it and I weigh a lot and
this bubble is not budging it is so
friggin stretchy what the hell and
apparently you can deflate it and then
use it again next time so we're done
using it for the day you know I'm taking
it through a bunch of stuff and look at
that let's deflate it you know what
we'll give it some more pressure yo guys
let me know if you'd want to see me fill
this thing with helium I definitely
would want to see what the hell happens
it is like look at it it rolls on its
own it literally has a mind of its own
so imagine if it was on helium floating
in the air like that so hit the like
button if you guys want me to fill it
with helium I can easily go buy a helium
tank I'm depleting it right now so I can
use it again later because I think this
would be insane if I use it with helium
so just let me know by hitting that like
button and your boys gonna do it guys
sure to DJ for feeding us some food
while we play some feed objects
oh you're good they're good they're good
meme bro they're expired so yeah i'm
playing david and fifa winner buys the
other person oh oh member guinea okay
we're playing for Lamborghini alright
guys so i got a red card i have no clue
what i got it for but honestly this game
is rigged Oh watch this watch your messy
oh yeah you're lucky I'm not even in
that cuz I'm vlogging right in so guys I
meet David 2-1 so now he owes me a
Lamborghini and I had like three red
cards in the game so you owe me a
Lamborghini so when you getting in on
that guy stealing deduced
and I could use some chicken fingers
some more well done
where are yours though God yah do you
troll yourself you need the air over the
nose you're eating nuggets here even
nuggets are you done one delivery
alright guys so I'm gonna open some fan
mail I have a box and I have two boxes
here and an envelope here to open I
brought Chad his package over there too
so let's see what's in here guys look at
the first one I got a tank top kidding
Wolfie this is dope as fuck
literally myself doing the eat got a
crown on your Wolfie my name is Ramsay
I'm 11 years old and I love to draw and
make art I also watch your videos I
recently started making my own t-shirts
and that would be great idea to make one
for you then you got Wolfie jr. and I
thought it could be even better to make
a simple t-shirt with him on it I
attached a picture of the design guys
look at this Wolfie jr. design this is
absolutely fuckin dope oh my god so yeah
show it to Ramsay he has a website is
Mart threadless combo shelter NZ thank
you for this fucking tank top I wanna
wear this all the time this is dope the
next package we got is from Kareena and
she is from Melbourne
alright guys to start Kareena did a
friggin amazing job of packaging this
this looks dope we got a letter here to
savage Wolfie let me open this first I
think you're amazing
never quit YouTube okay don't worry I'm
not ever gonna quit I love my fucking
sour patch kids so thank you so much for
these this is dope check this out we got
a wolf we also have Wolfie jr. toys a
even the small one for 20 pounds and
underdogs don't kill me we also have
another toy a giraffe course
yo we got ah you've got boys for days
guys are fuckin yelling over there for
each other make it a lot of smudges I
got something else for Andrew Greene we
got a kangaroo because then you already
know he's from Australia so we got to
show up to the Kangaroos and say you
know you're from Australia you sent me a
bag saying kangaroos in the next 18
kilometers this is fucked you send me a
boomerang
apparently returns I don't know how to
throw a boomerang but I've always wanted
to throw a fucking beer eh bro real
boomerangs
yeah in the dark I'm not trying to lose
this I got the one yeah real ones I'm a
returning returning bloom boomerang okay
never mind this I don't think this is
from Andrew because I just got a letter
and it's from Tommy Tommy Savage so shut
up - Tommy Savage for all this stuff I
have so much shit from Australia now I
don't even know what to do with it but I
feel like I'm from Australia now so now
we have that connection so thank you so
much for everything so I just got a call
from Sylvia I gotta go home right now
because apparently there's a spider
there that's bigger than fucking wolfy
jr. and apparently wolfy unions going
insane so I gotta go take care of this
puppy also I gotta do my favorite job in
the world I got to take care of the
spider I hate spiders too but Sylvia is
not gonna touch it there's no way in
hell she'll ever even go near it
apparently it jumps I'm back in Wolfie
Junior is back annoying me look at this
Oh God come here I'm leaving bye bye
buddy see ya see ya I'm out I'm out
buddy
I gotta go I have to go see ya he won't
let me go what are you going where you
going I'm here come here
coming up date on the spider it's
somewhere in these lights we can't find
it and to be honest that might be a
spider oh shit is that okay
I'm not going there I don't thinks about
here that's gonna climb around and eat
us in our sleep all right bless Wolfie
Junior you're going up Wolfie Junior
you're the bait go find it is it you
don't see it all right sorry all right
guys time to sit down in my editing
chair right here at the kitchen table I
had to hang it on straight I look like a
goof and bang out this vlog but I just
wanted to shout out everyone who watched
my main channel video yesterday it's
doing extremely well the support you
guys give me every time I drop a banger
on the main
even on this channel it's just stupid
it's crazy how many of you guys fuck
with me so thank you thank you thank you
it hit 1.4 million views in under a day
so just what come on let's get it so
guys I just did the biggest fail of life
I just took a shower and clean wolfy jr.
at the same time and then I put my shirt
on supposed to have a wolf on the front
but I put it on backwards and inside out
so I guess it the biggest flop of the
day so I'm gonna end the vlog out there
I hope you guys enjoy it if you guys
enjoyed the vlog make sure to go and
smash that like button let's hit 25,000
wolf in all the loyal wolf family
already know you guys are gonna go smash
the like button or hit 25k easy also I
want you guys to comment something down
below so I know you made to the end of
the blog and your fucking loyal asked
supporter follower wolf am Sylvia says
I'm yelling alright anyways comment down
below be quiet wolfy
you can sapere I'm being too loud so
comment down below be quiet wolfy so I
know you made it to the end and I will
see you guys soon off more wolfy where
we say a little bit more savage on my
main channel and as always stay sandwich
now go
