good morning AOS Kadisha poor wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie today we got
a bunch of stuff to do today is another
edit day so via just took Wolfie jr. out
to go pee and to go poo because he
didn't go at all last night
I made her a coffee and I made myself a
coffee also I tried to take out my
iphone SIM card because it's been acting
on my phone's been acting up so I got a
word the phone place today and see what
the hell's going on but almost - come
with me - that so she's currently at the
mall she's about to be back and she's
gonna pick me up we're gonna go I'm also
probably just gonna go to the grocery
start pick up a few supplies and then we
start the Edit date until Sylvia gets
back inside though I'm about to throw
some YouTube on to the big screen with
the chromecast chromecast is honestly
the dopest invention ever I just
finished up with a phone place and it
was just my SIM card my SIM card must
have been scratched or something I
cleaned it off with a q-tip and that
didn't fix anything but the guy just
popped a new one in and everything's
working fine next stops the bank boring
 boring hey guys so we just
finished up with a bank I had to set a
new appointment the bank has been on my
ass lately I've been ignoring a lot of
the emails they send me but the bank is
important so now I have an appointment I
think in a few days also we went into
Subway quickly which is just right there
and you know I love my subway but I have
to vent about this first set because
this really angers me you guys know I
don't like those people that like order
their food I mean one thing goes on
there food that they don't like it and
they absolutely like spaz out in the
middle of the store like one black olive
like drops on the corner of their sub
and I'm like can you can you take that
off or they don't say anything until
they pay for the sub then they come back
in and say yeah and it was a black all
over myself I want a refund looking ass
basically there was just like a woman in
there in front of me in front of Sylvia
and this girl was like one of those
people that's so picky about a sub she's
like yeah can I get before any
vegetables go on her sub she's like can
I get mayonnaise on my sub then the guys
like okay yeah what vegetables do you
want because usually they put on the
sauces after they put on the vegetables
this girls like I said can I get managed
like can I get mayonnaise first like
what the why does it matter if the
mayonnaise goes first and second just
follow the rules first of all so she
gets mayonnaise on her sub and the guy
accidentally puts it on the meat instead
of on the bun which by the way if you
close the sub up it's gonna go on the
meat in the bun regardless and this goes
like I asked for it on the bun not the
meat and then she looks at me like is
this guy stupid or some and she
brings me into the frickin situation
it's just like yo I'm like alright see
if you weren't if you weren't an old
lady I would tell you you're an idiot
but everyone's
like why are you complaining it's not a
big deal I mean luckily like who is this
this guy put it on the meat
instead of this instead of the button
like don't bring me into the situations
like that makes me so awkward and I've
Jesus she did that and then the guys
like looking at us like like the guy was
shaking putting her free and vegetables
on cuz you didn't want to get it wrong
but anyways that just pissed me off so
if you're one of those people honestly
just be nice to the people the person's
working at Subway they don't want to be
there just cut them some slack you know
holy crap where's the damn respect in
this world look at Union you need a
haircut buddy you need a haircut it's
ridiculous hair is too long there has
been editing for a bit and I just
brought wolfy juniors little bed in here
because this guy was sitting on my lap
and I don't know he told me that this
dog does not shed apparently he wasn't
supposed to shed but his hair is very
long right now as you guys can see and I
have you can't really see okay now you
can see it look at all that friggin dog
hair on me if you're gonna go pee under
there I mean I'm gonna kill you buddy so
yeah I brought his bed in and he will
not sleep in it because he wants to sell
my lap this guy is so needy and you
can't sit on Sylvia's lab because Sylvia
is filming in her room and he always
bites her carpet and sup while she's
filming so now he's just wandering
around until we're looking into dog
training lessons today cuz now he's old
enough he has his shots and we want to
get him trained we taught him a few
things and he's doing fine but we want
to make him learn how to stay home alone
for like an hour two hours some day
because we're always leaving the house
and some places we go we can't take the
dog with us so we feel bad leaving the
house because every time this guy wins
like a crazy amount and I know you're
supposed to like build him up to you
leaving and stuff but every time he goes
insane like that has not been too much
progression he just needs to be with us
at all times so hopefully we book that
in the next two weeks are you peeing
alright guys so I just finished editing
it is now 1021 every time I
underestimate how long it's actually
gonna take me to edit but when I'm in
the editing mood like I have to do these
small little edits so like that I do in
every single video just to brand myself
I always play the same music I was the
same edit and when i rewatch the video
before i export it i always think of
more and more edits so i have to add
them in i'm a little bit of a
perfectionist so it takes a little bit
of time but the video is now up it's
live if you guys haven't seen it I'll
leave a link at the top of description
it's a friggin crazy water oil hack
video magic trick video magic trick
Wolfie is out and about here and it is
doing extremely well so it's just
amazing when you work so hard at
something and you see it pay off
instantly I mean paying off in long runs
dope but paying off instantly just makes
me feel nice so now I can sit down and
edit my vlog I ate some pasta me and
Silvia literally just made all the meat
all the pasta and mustard in two days so
then we're gonna figure out something to
do even though it's late at night we
stay up super damn late so a lot of
vloggers would end their vlog by the
time I start my vlog so we might carve
this friggin white pumpkin I don't know
Silvia has the DIY stuff on it I might
blow-dry it outside and do the DIY
pumpkin thing hack crayon thing who
knows what I'm gonna do the only person
who knows what I'm gonna do is Wolfie
jr. what am I gonna do
stare at me like you're really cute if
you know what I'm gonna do
alright so you know what I'm gonna do
what am I gonna do what am i doing oh he
wants to bite here we go here we go
alright guys so the first order of
late-night business it's 1:00 a.m. we
are off to go get our vanilla cone I'm
letting Silvia Drive because I wanted to
spend some time with it though he just
had his head out the window and like
recently he's been experimenting with
trying to be a big dog or not so he
rolled down the window and this guy had
his head out like this look he's trying
to get up again trying to get up again
but he doesn't like getting too close to
the window so he likes when I hold him
because he's a scaredy cat and he
doesn't want to fall out okay I'll hold
you up look see he likes to see what's
going on outside so we're raising the
pup right here to be a big dog and
actually be one of those dogs it just
looks out the window and doesn't follow
when you're driving your car maybe that
one bumping yeah exactly so I have to
have my arm around him like a seatbelt
like this look at his face in the lid
Wolfie tells me face and he always sees
another wind gets too rough then he
wants to come back inside anyways the
next order of business after the vanilla
cone we might go quickly back I'm done
hunting for these clowns but I really
wanted to go to look at that scary dark
road so we'll see or not if I feel like
going here after I get right another
cone because we didn't go on it we got
close and now you're driving so I feel
like you're gonna get attacked for it so
I'll be fine if clowns also I want to
try something when I get home I feel
like I'm turning into a science
teacher or scientist in general somebody
tweeted at me that I should try out like
apparently it's called the unpoppable or
not not the unpopular balloon not the
unpoppable bubble I did that the other
day but it's how to prevent a balloon
from popping when it's like directly
over a fire so apparently there's like a
quick friggin trick yeah I know this one
we click I'll just put the candle there
we'll be with you shortly
look in there what do you want vanilla
cone all right hi can I get one vanilla
cone I don't want to ice cream sundae
chocolate sundae and a hot fudge sundae
and one for wolfy jr. so guys this is
the new form of payment we're not gonna
pay money cuz money it's too
mainstream we're gonna pay with a puppy
so we're gonna probably just give Wolfie
jr. now tell them to cut off a leg you
get one leg of wool the Union will get
the rest so I have three legs he's
already getting addicted to McDonald's
just to smell this guy's like is that is
that a double Big Mac combo looking ass
oh my god if puppies can get addicted to
McDonald's before eating it no wonder
everyone's so addicted to McDonald's
Kwaito so you have the thickest coat
I've ever seen in my life oh my god so
now guys we are driving down the street
aimlessly we have no idea where we're
going but it's just good to get out of
the house and have a late night cruise
brought the dog you're back
we are back into the summer nag regime
this is what we did every damn summer so
until it starts to snow like an absolute
savage because guys we didn't know in
Ottawa where I'm from when it snows it
snows like it's not just the typical
little movie scenes snowfall like where
it's just light snowflakes no it's
chunks of snow and the snow builds up to
like above the car so I'm
getting out all these late night cruises
now because I know as soon as the winter
hits these streets are gonna be up to
here in snow I sure like this time last
year there was no legit shoutout to
global warming for that it's uh you're
definitely killing the world one day at
a time but uh you know these summer
nights aren't bad it's kind of nice out
here with all the lights and Sylvia
might just randomly go to Montreal I was
saying we might just have to just hop on
the highway and go no anything I just
have my wallet a dog no leash no second
pair of clothes that would be honestly a
challenge just go somewhere with nothing
and see how long you can last up or some
other kind of try so we're just gonna
stay in Ottawa all right guys we found a
light house there's a pond that's not on
there's no hate definitely isn't on
can't see it but yeah you can see a moon
there how about we get out of the car
and go climate okay yeah let's go hip
the leg Wonder will climb the lighthouse
I'm only interested there's no way to
climb it yeah other stirs is there yeah
right there guys there's a sign right
there saying a whole bunch of small text
anyway they pay here's just pop person
what music do you hear that alarm
feeling silly is just so alert of clowns
these days the car up here what is that
car saying turn left always turning left
and go into McDonald's when you're
scared if there is always people on
McDonald's guys we may have just went
the wrong way because I wasn't paying
attention Sylvia doesn't really know her
way around and now we're on those dirt
roads I was talking about I think the
road that I was talking about that could
have been haunted by killer clowns is
like just over there to the right but
there's no way to turn it's just a long
road and it's black as hell wolfy jr. is
spazzing out he needs water
so we got to get back home now no killer
clowns in sight though is there a car
behind us
what there's something yeah go figure yo
man
okay so I'm back home now we're safe
apparently how this experiment works I'm
going to try it out really quick it's
really easy all you need is water a
balloon and a candle or
something so basically I'm just gonna
lay one of these on fire and I hate one
 balloon this problem okay guys
GJ actually just dropped a vlog where we
were going up balloons and I think DJ is
somebody I think it was like Shaun or
something pretended to pop it in my face
and I got sure because I hate it
but here we go blow up one balloon and
I'm a master with this type of so
as you guys can see if you hold this
over the fire it's probably gonna pop
okay okay
so it popped and it also put out the
candle so let's light it back up please
tell me this works if this doesn't work
I'm gonna hate it because I get a one
balloon spot right here we go this time
we're gonna pour some water in it not
too much just enough I got cold water
because I don't know if it's supposed to
be cold or hot but we're going with some
cold here we go let's get it nice and
even I'm just gonna put it over okay
here we go guys put it closer and closer
and closer to the fire close your eyes
oh my god what the that's not
burning is it burning it's not pop it
guys look at that it's not
popping but if we pull it away the
balloon is fully burnt on the bottom as
you guys can see the balloon is fully
burnt on the bottom all you have to do
is put some water in there I'm gonna
feel it hopefully it's not too hot okay
the water is a little warm let's put it
back close guys I'm putting it literally
on the flame it's on the flame and the
water is in there it's burning the
balloon and it's not popping the balloon
the unpop that's the easiest
sign Superman I've ever done so pour the
water out drink some warm water you know
don't waste kids in Africa to drink this
and as you guys can see the balloon is
now kind of burnt smells like burnt
balloon but it's not pot for some reason
maybe if I blow it up a little more it
still blows up like a normal balloon
that's trippy as hell alright
well bless thank you for the suggestion
I forget
but you guys know who you are chatter to
you you are the real MVP now time to
pick up all these pieces before wolfy
jr. finds them I need some you found
something over here Oh God
what'd you find what did you find he's
trying to escape with it
he's right s K what is that why is a
post-it note what's in his mouth get in
his mouth
it says always trying to eat your makeup
he doesn't like your makeup he's like oh
you got the wrong brands alright
guys so on that note that last pop was a
little too loud so I'm gonna go to bed
now act like I was sleeping so nobody
knows that it was me who made the loud
noise but if you guys enjoyed the vlog
make sure to keep it a big thumbs up
tomorrow we got an early morning I
ordered some stuff so I might be
honestly going to the United States to
pick it up that is the plan so if they
come in early enough your boy is going
there I'm gonna drive there there's a
place it's like really close to where I
live there's a border between the United
States and Canada really close to where
I live so it sounds like a mission but
it's not too much of a mission so if all
goes well tomorrow and I get the
supplies then I'm going there but I'll
update you guys on if they come in or
not I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if
you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up let's hit 25,000 wolf M if
you're an active wolf a member say to
the end of the vlog show some love by
hitting that like button also if you
guys stayed to the end of the vlog karma
so down below so I know you made it so
comment down below a good luck in us a
comment good luck in USA cuz that's
probably where I'm going tomorrow
anyways again I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog and I will see you soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage this dark has too
much damn dog hair on me leggo
