good morning ayo what's get at your boy
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie I
hope you guys are having an amazing day
I'm having a blessed day I woke up to
3.3 million subscribers on the main
channel we fucking did it guys we're
growing fast like literally I thought it
would stop a long time ago but people
just keep seeming to come in liking my
content so it's dope we are at Dollarama
right now and picking up a few supplies
for a video and then it's right around
the corner from the Rexall because
silvia have to pick up a package or two
so more packages more supplies more
packages you already know what it is
saying these would have worked perfectly
for my video I think these might have
been it I don't know if I got the full
Walmart I think I didn't get them from
MoMA I think I got it from Walmart but
Dollarama would have been better for my
DIY pumpkin gummy thing they even sell
wigs in dog Rama this is kind of it
honestly I might have to buy my
Halloween costume from here I think
that's where I got the chain though for
the costume though god damn they got
everything here so guys I was getting
these two litre coke bottles for a video
supply and I ran into this look at this
shit green Coca Cola this ain't
Photoshop look at this
it's called Coca Cola life Coca Cola
you guys know I love my Coca Cola you
guys do I love my friggin coke taste
tests so I had to try this
apparently it's made with like natural
stuff yeah it says Sweden from natural
sources so this is the new and improved
healthy coke I don't think he can make
coke too healthy but I guess they're
trying to make it healthier one step at
a time they might just use the
hydrogenated oil instead of the
hyperbole flush Johnny's night so I'm
gonna try this when I get home
green coca-cola guys this is later he I
was thrown off so much I thought I was
like you're colorblind I love the makeup
section guys just how do you look try
before you buy yeah yeah I'm spending
buy everything in the damn store so guys
now we're in Canadian Tire I just found
a massive massive funnel bigger than
Sylvia's head so I'm thinking I'm gonna
use this for my video not quite sure
probably I always like to offer like
options in my videos just in case people
can't find the exact thing that I say so
I'm pretty sure I'm gonna drop this in
the vid and it's just cool as hell so
now we got to find a blacklight I don't
know if they sell them here I think they
might I found them online so your boy
found a blacklight it's not the friggin
one that I have but it is a black light
bulb so let's see what we got here this
is what a blacklight looks like guys
this legit black as hell
and then I might be broke alight it
might be broken I might get a different
one
you only have one they got no they got a
buddy night black lights
that's an Impala iridescent illuminating
the word you don't speak French black
lady okay guys we're gonna get one of
these never mind guys I found it this is
exactly what I need this what I found
online this is what I bought so if I
have two of these long bulbs the exact
same thing I bought online so I'm gonna
get this get this one that's the same
one candle
this one's on open oh it is open oh yeah
put that back put this one back and grab
a black light right here we're good yes
guys why did I find the biggest part of
life can you stand next to it to show
comparison this is the biggest part of
life like Hansel and Gretel got cooked
in how expensive is that a hundred and
twenty dollars for a pot guys I was
thinking about buying this for video but
I think it's a little overkill probably
it's gonna go small one test Milo you're
on camera but I don't see the camera
what's going on what's going on bro
how's it going
nice to meet you can you wolf am no less
I'm out of here
so guys yeah I'm in the costume store so
we just bought a few things I had to buy
some balloons here I really want to buy
I might just get more of these for some
typical will be videos I used to bleed
in every single one of my videos also I
don't know where the fake cuts are but
okay here's one a latex wound something
like this I want to buy them I don't
want to bring Sylvia with them but I
can't talk to luck or something fuck is
touching my head sting was rubbing my
head I scared the shit out of me anyways
like I was saying I want to bring self
yeah so I can't talk too loud otherwise
she'll hear but she's just like she's
right around there what are the costumes
that we got in this match
pumpkin DIY goo my pumpkin hallo ooh
Master Chief mask okay this is dope my
face is so big it doesn't fit but this
is so dope
oh my god what is that oh my head and it
was so big they got Darth Vader here 186
bucks oh my god what for parties oh my
god comment down below if you guys go
this hard for Halloween I always went
hard with costumes but not to the point
where like I would do this
pardis tell it to the wacky inflatable
arm-flailing tube-man or if you guys
ever watched Family Guy not the wacky
Willy inflatable arm-flailing tube-man
but the crudely painted not-so-funny
plywood cutout folk art looking at so
guys the next stop is we got to go
somewhere with sylvia because she has a
meeting but look at this we got some
mail here we got some peel box stuff
here we got some video supplies here
more video supplies here more videos
supplies here some video supplies back
there it is an absolute fucking party
with video supplies we just came back to
Wolfie jr. we had to leave him home for
like an hour and this guy went nuts me
and Silvia have been calling him the
Pablo Escobar of escapes this guy you
guys know the playpen we put him in ok
this is the playpen we used to put
Wolfie jr. in it used to be a little
bigger but we made it smaller because he
used to poop everywhere but look Wolfie
you know this hey what's good bro he
learned how to climb this thing ok we
tied it together and this guy learned
how to climb it so then come here
he hates me alone come here so now when
we leave the house for like an hour
if we leave the house for any longer
than hour we always give him to my mom
but if we leave the house for like an
hour we'll put him in this cage this
cage is still huge for a little dog like
him but he learned how to lift the door
up with his nose and escape out of that
too so there's no lock in this guy up
he's like no no no humans are away from
me now you left me for an hour please
look how badly he wants attention come
here come here won't leave you young
look at him he's crying
so guys Silvia is in that big big big
big building right behind me I got to
stay in the car because I have Wolfie
jr. with me we brought him because we
felt really bad leaving him at home for
a second time in a row but I got Wolfie
jr. here to entertain me and I also
brought a package that I got in the PIO
box might as well open something while
I'm just chilling in the car right so
let's see what we got here this feels
like clothing so I'm gonna have to do
this one-handed while holding the dogs
is the best unbox that you're gonna get
here Wolfie Junior's trying to climb out
the window
ok let's bring him back here Wolfie is
just gonna rest there and I'm gonna open
this it says does it even say who it's
from yes you want a kiss ok look at
Wolfie Junior he keeps trying to look
out the window you're trying to be a big
dog so bad buddy you want to be the dog
that looks out the window look at this
guy he's too cute you see the car ok
guys so it has a letter it says Charlie
these shirts are for you and t-mobile
Morris is a brand I just started based
out of Ottawa a shot at Autobots from
from for every shirt sold $10 is donated
to a charity at the end of every month
for my first run I am working with the
do it for Darrin fund and we'll don't
a $50 donation for you and the boys from
myself thank you I hope you guys like
the shirts Lachlan okay SHINee locked in
for the friggin shirts you guys heard me
on the website it's wwm or SEO so shout
out to Lachlan the CD shirts not some
fresh shirts let's say doom to bloom hey
that's a fresh fucking rose and this one
is a large so I might take this one for
myself and this feels like dope material
too I fuck with this thank you I
appreciate it I'm assuming they all say
the same thing okay so this one says the
same thing in this one is also a
extra-large okay this one's probably for
me so I'll grab this one give a large -
maybe jab right jab and then there's
another package - whoo these ones are
wavy - these ones are black with the
white roses goddamn let's get it so this
is it Morris and it says doom - bloom
that's it guys
check them out charity is always a good
con so I gotta show my love with that
and you're from Ottawa so obviously I
gotta show love thank you very much for
the presents I will give these to the
boys so it's been about 45 minutes
Sylvia said she was gonna be quick but
you know I'm not trying to kill my car
battery or anything so I turned my car
off now me and wolfy jr. are literally
just chillin here this guy's passed out
again I had to go to the gas station
behind us and get some water because
this guy he was like panting like he was
just like for the longest time so I felt
so bad so I went over with him filled up
gas and got him some water and I've been
feeding him out of the water
cap basically just refilling this little
cap letting him drink refilling it
refilling a drink drink and now he's
like completely bloated so now he's just
decided to rest I parked in a different
spot because that spot that we were just
in was directly under the Sun and it was
just beaming down on us and me and him
were starting to sweat so now we're kind
of in the shade we got the water we're
good for probably like another 45
minutes but if Sylvia takes any longer
than that your boy is gonna go nuts
come on the damn building play audio no
she is in the building there's so many
levels just go on over jr. want to sleep
right buddy
aw shit he's a limp noodle is it when
you can mold wolfy jr. into any shape
and form you want let's make him into a
star there we go star wolfy jr. watch
this I'll put them down and in two
seconds I'll fall asleep put them down
one two he's asleep he is fully passed
out no guys I gotta tell you there's no
better way to burn your time than just
watch your own videos and let the odds
play the full way through you know we
gotta gotta make that adsense money feel
me phone right out there on the wheel
and I'm
my own videos because what fuck this
your boy Walker that's why another full
30 minutes and this girl is finally back
this year
time to go so guys the time is now I got
my green coca-cola this is what the can
looks like okay it's legit green it's
trippy as fuck
Silvia you can try it too because she
loves her coke Sylvia loves our coke so
if yeah but if this one's bad that means
if this in its back is like that zu
zoeva ha I'm so Eva whatever what the
hell guys just look at this okay so this
one's 70 calories um I don't know what
that one compares to a regular coke
let's get the regular coke okay
oh I just hit my hand okay so this one
is 140 calories so this one's double the
calories same same size okay it's looks
like Christmas this one says coca-cola
life this one just says coca-cola
there's no life on that one
Lucas yeah that one this one says new
this one ain't so new this is just like
the classic coke this is a lot more
sugar yeah for sure
so what do we got okay 39 grams of sugar
per can 18 grams of sugar per can this
one has less carbohydrates this one has
more sodium same amount of fat and then
this one's half the calories so here we
go yeah so this video is here thanks no
no you get this one after to see if
there's a difference or no you close
your eyes you close your eyes and then
you see if you can tell the difference
so close them here you go
yeah hold it
well that's not a good reaction that's
the healthy one
it tastes like that's the healthy yeah
why because it doesn't taste you're
wrong it's the good one
no it's a healthy one what what's the
difference okay you can have a sit for
the regular one now it tastes like that
that sweetener firms the biz Oh Ava pop
it's like a weird sweetener it's like a
weird sweet sweet feeling I mean sweet
taste it's all the same that's not coke
great that ain't Coke that ain't Coke oh
I hate that
okay yeah it honestly kind of tastes
like that coke man it's like more
watered-down coke I don't really know
how to describe that it's like
watered-down it tastes like
different sugar was used like cane sugar
like healthy ass sugar it has like an
aftertaste of like yeah so honestly this
Coca Cola life it's not bad like if I
were forced to drink it or if I had to
drink it I would drink it cuz it's Phil
blessed looks like you know this yeah
then it ain't no thing so coca-cola life
yeah about healthy pop I don't know what
this is Oh Ava the Yankee bench eating
healthy pop it's my mom it's no healthy
problem there's no healthy pop pop is
your soda for the Americans is unhealthy
period there's no there's no way of
getting around it
yeah it is green that's a snake that's
like saying it's um organic when it's
still like you're eating absolute shit
people that get diet coke
and tell me you're on a diet I should
slap you in the face cuz you're not on a
diet if you're drinking diet coke it's
not healthy for you I love you cook you
guys are delicious just don't choose me
with this hook I love all your products
they should sponsor a sponsor me I'm the
one that loves new products Charles is a
fake he's a fraud look at all the Coke
in the fridge look at all the coke in
the fridge I love coke get outta here
who did coca-cola taste test twice who
did coca-cola standing outside your boy
I love my coke coca-cola life you know
what sponsor me alright guys we just
finished filming my friggin video it
took so damn long but it was successful
as hell so I'm very happy right now me
and Sully are about to cook some pasta
just spent mad time cleaning everything
up so this was not as clean as it is
right now
it smelled like shit I have food
coloring on my hands and it's just
another messy date but I told you guys I
would come back to these Orbeez today
because I want to follow a bunch of guys
on Twitter and Instagram but in order
for me to do that you guys got a guess
how many Orbeez are in this container
I'm going to give you five seconds to
look I'll put the camera closer closer
and I'll just show you that there is
some Orbeez in here okay so there's
definitely some Orbeez in here because
as you can see I'm just gonna grab got
one just you know magic just put it back
in the water and just just grab it just
grab it out just just like that you know
it's gone
oh it's back alright there you go so
there's Orbeez in there comment down
below and guess how many big Orbeez you
think are in that friggin container
alright your time's up to comment I'm
going to show you how many there is
right now
I hope you guys commented with your
Instagram and your Twitter username
because we got one two three look at
that so it still blows my mind every
time you can literally see right through
it
look at that like what is going on
one little medium-sized one so sixteen I
think I'm gonna be reading through the
comments right now and following a bunch
of guys that put that comment and I know
a bunch of guys are commenting right now
snakes but that's how many there is
surprisingly that many jumbo Orbeez were
in this container along with a billion
of these ones so cilia you can squish
them now Sylvia look squishing them guys
ain't nothing better than cooking some
pasta we got our food we got some
Parmesan cheese got my water Sylvia's
our coke and we are watching for
watching The Big Bang Theory now we
haven't decided if we're gonna start
watching a new show yet or start playing
a video game and Sylvia got me like a
while back and I still haven't opened it
because I've been super busy yeah just
that my sixth birthday back in the day
so guys I have this object in front of
me and I also have a knight Toby I
bought this really sharp knife and she
was gonna do a DIY with this and then
she completely failed as you can see
there's like shit everywhere so I was
like you know why not we're just gonna
throw it out I might as well cut it it
doesn't go deep enough oh no nevermind
we didn't carve some of this I'm gonna
carve something and you have to guess
what it is all right you're right well
guys I'm playing The Witcher game right
now I got Whoopi Jr sitting on my
and stomach he's sleeping I'm just
trolling around in the game right now
that's that's all do it's pretty fun so
far I just won I just fought this guy
and absolutely killed him for a bit so
some of these games that don't actually
try if they have a too complicated
storyline to follow I just kill as many
people as possible so that's what I'm
doing right now me until they just
played a game of FIFA and we lost to the
computer we had the best view and they
had the worst team
we lost two to three we came back in
like the 90th minute but it was too
goddamn late anyways I'm gonna call the
vlog off there I hope you guys enjoyed
if you did do not forget to smash that
like button right how many likes do you
want 25k she wants 25,000 like so go
smash that like button if you haven't
already and if you guys need to the very
end of the blog what do you want them to
comment down below sleepy G sleepy wolfy
jr. cuz wolfy union's past and Soviet
sleeper will be jr. and I'm gonna
comment back to a bunch of you guys that
do it anyways again I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog and I will see you guys
soon on more wool feet where we stay a
little bit more savage of my main
channel and as always stay savage lag
out
