good morning good morning good morning
al what's gonna ship we're wolfy welcome
back to more wolfy I feel rejuvenated as
 I took a day off blogging it was my
brother's birthday also we have a thing
called Canadian Thanksgiving I don't
know a few Americans know about it we
don't have Thanksgiving on the exact
same day but yesterday was a family day
and I decided to take it off logging I
have not just kicked it with the family
for a minute so it felt really good but
today I am back in action thumbs up the
blog cuz I'm back that's why gar
wolfy jr. here the bad thing about today
is it is a holiday it's Monday
technically today is Thanksgiving and
that means basically every store is
closed what we need to do grocery
shopping today so I looked online and
there's a Costco in Hull which is like
right across the bridge it's like a
20-minute drive from where I live there
might be a Costco open there so I want
to go over there and check it out
because honestly I need food to live so
we need to go get food and I don't like
buying food if it's not involve cuz
costs are just makes it a lot cheaper
also I'm sick and tired of this damn
blanket on the couch it's so comfy but
it's small and I know they sell a really
good comfy blankets for cheap at Costco
and I have my eyes on one so I want to
grab that today I also probably gonna
film today probably gonna get my hair
cut later today like today is a busy day
even though it's a holiday in some
people's minds your boy is grinding
today I will give you guys one final
look at the big Orbeez I don't think
they're getting any bigger so this is
the final look holy my light is
like oh my god it's about to fall over
but it's pushed that back so this is
what the Orbeez finally look like I
thought they were gonna get bigger but
this is still friggin big like some of
them are the size of my hand okay but
some of them are even bigger notice how
it's a complete circle now there's no
there's no dents in it at all
so put that back in the water some of
them are super squishy like this one as
you can see I'm poking it it's like rock
solid but this one it's like okay this
one's matte jelly this one feels so cool
though oh my god it's left out of an
okay where's a clear one where is a
clear one and a lot of them okay this
one's beast but it broke as you can see
some of them just got so big that they
actually rose but uh but there's a clear
one in here somewhere okay here's a mini
clear one wolfy
do you mind this is a smaller one but as
you can see completely invisible in the
water take it out it's there me and
Sylvia we're watching a movie called the
Croods on the TV it's very creepy
looking it's like a cartoon but it looks
kind of realistic at the same time
apparently Sylvia's brothers watched it
about 20 times so this is what it kind
of looks like guys on some cavemen
on some cavemen copyrighted so guys
the first location was to go to Canadian
Tire I needed to supply from there but I
guess it's not open the end goal was
Costco but then I thought about it and I
thought we didn't have a bunch of stuff
that we actually have from the house so
right now we're out I want to be
productive while we're out because I
don't really have time too many days to
go out and do all the stuff I want to do
so it just sucks that it has to be the
day that everything's closed like that
is definitely closed like there is
nobody in the parking lot like nobody
so Costco is probably gonna be the last
stop if we go there it turns out it's
actually like 30 minutes away it only
said 15 so I don't know why Google's
lying to me now guys the next thought
that said I was supposed to be open is
Value Village we were looking for a few
supplies and guess what they snaked us
why is there one man in the parking lot
I understand that everything's closed
today because it's Thanksgiving but just
let me know I googled a lot of places
said they were just closed for
Thanksgiving but this is one of the
places that said open may be affected by
thanks give a maybe maybe it's affected
by Thanksgiving needs that but still
just say it's closed and I won't come
I'm Jesus now we got one more spot
Sylvia's calling them and they're not
answering all right so I don't even know
if Costco is open today then you guys
already know one place that stays loyal
that's open all the time every day Tim
Hortons we out here I'm getting my
french vanilla with an espresso shot in
it because Costco I don't know if you're
open or not but I'm not gonna go halfway
across the freaking country to come get
my Red Bull they're gonna have you be
closed on me so I got to get my caffeine
from somewhere else and that place
happens to be Timmy's guys this how you
know I absolutely played myself there's
another package for me here and check it
out I thought it was one thing and I'm
pretty sure it's more Orbeez because I
panicked and I wanted to buy them and I
didn't know which site to buy them from
so I bought them from every site and if
these are more than I'm gonna be pleased
if I ordered something I'm doing one of
those drink challenges again and I
ordered for that and this felt like
it like it's like the sandy substance so
I thought it was that but oh oh no I
 played myself so this is more
Orbeez so these definitely looks bigger
on Amazon too but we got two packs of
crystal ones one multicolored one and
then a few of just like oh no actually
two multicolored ones and then a bunch
of each random color so I'll keep these
I mean I might as well make a bath
soon if I'm just gonna keep getting he's
but I'm just kind of annoyed that these
are not the thing that I ordered I'm not
gonna say what it is because it's really
dangerous a and secret to be did you go
to Costco
are you still vlogging no where were you
just driving around stores getting
slapped in the face figuring out these
clothes I'm sweaty I just rode a bike no
longer richtek of loggin so guys we
finally have a game plan right now me
and my dad and Silvia and my sister are
all driving with my sister she's
learning how to drive she has a test
coming up but my sister is actually
gonna drive back to ro so we can grab
wolfy jr. because we left him there
we're gonna grab him and then we're
gonna take the cats on a walk and the
dog on a walk at the same time no clowns
involved this time no cleanliness of
clowns and clowns all right so you
didn't even realize the cameras on
clowns so we stopped in a parking lot my
sister's gonna practice some parking now
but I was like yeah it's a nice day it's
 beautiful outside today we are
at a school and your boy just needed
some fresh air it was hot as hell in
that car so I'm about to beef this
seagull if it doesn't move my sister's
over there doing some parking for the
longest time my brother had his license
and then I recently got my license like
my full license and my sister has always
been the one that has not had her
license so before when I didn't have a
car it would suck because me and my
brother would always have to split the
car with my mom cuz it's her car my dad
would never let him touch his car so
that's three people on one car and it
was dope because my sister didn't have a
license so anytime we needed to go
somewhere we didn't even need to ask my
sister but now if this girl's about to
get her license oh she's not even over
there anymore if she's about to get her
license that means four people would
have had to split one car my mom's car
cuz like I said my dad is not letting
anyone touch his car so thank God I got
my own car thank God I got my own house
so I don't need to worry about that
stuff anymore I got King Wolf to drive
me around but I'm still so grateful for
having my own car so shout-out
to everyone again for supporting your
boy watching my videos making YouTube
possible for me because of you guys I
don't have to split a car with my sister
and my brother and my mom I do not know
the name of the school that I'm at right
now
but I've been here before for some
events I've been here before for some
sports games why do I not know the name
of the school is cheesing me but I know
this school is blessed at soccer and I
could tell that they're blessed because
right now it's a holiday and you guys
can't see but right over that hill
there is like three kids just practicing
soccer now hopefully I don't get hit by
this car when she tries to do some
reverse parking we just picked up wolfy
jr. and he's sitting in the back of the
whip paws and we're headed to go take
him on a walk ready guys crying non-stop
the whole time we were gone the house
he's still glad to be back my family
snakes I was checking friggin videos in
the car because we're waiting on my
brother to come out and they didn't even
wait for me there all the way down the
street walking my dog put some respect
on wolfy juniors owner wolfy come to me
wolfy hey listen to me
whoopee hey buddy I'm your owner Zach's
caring and that's why he's not coming
wolfy I'm a scarab I'm gonna be a clown
whoopee whoopee Wolfie come to me come
to me come on see that he knows I'm his
owner he listens look at this nice
family walk Thanksgiving celebrate
success the right way all right guys so
there was an accident at the end of this
road up here hold on Wolfie Junior's
shaking the camera but at the end of
this road I guess somebody was turning
the ambulance is there hopefully
everyone's good no one ever listens to
this light this way always has so many
accidents today is the day guys we are
finally gonna make Clear Lake Wolfie
Junior she's nice and comfy in front of
the fireplace
anyways guys I just had the longest
phone call ever happy that's done with
now I'm kicking it got the fireplace
going over to edit right here on the
couch beside Silvia cats didn't wanna
walk cuz they were cold in there kind of
just cats and they're not as cool as
dogs right Cleo right I word weird weird
weird guys the amount of Thanksgiving
leftover dinner is ridiculous there is
literally turkey for the next two months
there is turkey soup being made right
now which is absolutely gonna be
delicious it just fogged up my whole
camera all right give me a sec you know
no more than ten one to test two friends
to test three I can't count we thought
all of those people awful one how big is
a turkey breast how it goes it is it in
here
guys the turkeys in here okay now I'm
hungry got turkey here something in here
I'm about to drink this though
orange juice you'd never have this
problem at our house packed fridge the
point where you need to keep things up
mom's working on Photoshop I'm the
Photoshop guy I can make a DIY boom I
can die from nothing hey guys so
Charlie's letting me walk for a bit
because he's editing his vlog for you
guys
so we ate some food leftover turkey for
Thanksgiving and now wolfy jr. is biting
up the storms that we're gonna watch the
shallows right Mandy yeah Mandy already
watched half of it but she's willing to
watch it again why he on so loud look
your juniors just chillin on the table
but we're watching the movie what he
doing buddy hmm what is that oh it's
just a dolphin you know this scary movie
the entire time you're just like waiting
for something to happen it's been like
so she just got bit by the shark I am
freaking out she got thrown into the
water and like her body was like getting
toss old everywhere and like the shark
attack I can deal with but when she's
like breaking her back on like the coral
and stuff I just can't Charlie's taking
a break from anything just to push the
talk by torturing him he does uh the
juju on that beat horses walk in the
party these girls looking at me
skinny jeans on and you know my head
Navi a hey out juju on that b.i.g on
that beat did you have to do on that
juju on the beat yes slide drop hit that
post I'll stop hey no stop no stop eight
running on their beat running it do your
dance do your dance do your dance hey
you ugly you your daddy's that yeah boy
just happened yeah what just yeah
Charles is leaving the dog CPR why his
dying are you doing just like 30 breaths
20 pumps you died you got him so I was
literally just editing my video and my
dad just started playing this random
video cuz they just watched Dustin's
video we just watched my brother's video
we're watching everybody's video so my
dad whipped out this video apparently
it's called like top five richest you to
1st of 2016 which kills me because
there's no way I'm even close to the top
not a chance like people are oh you're
getting like quadruple six couple the
views that I get but somehow on this
list this is ridiculous so I want to see
what it says about me because I know how
much I make
and me juggernaut was the one before me
Mazon it's saying I make more money than
Egon ego but I make more than ego okay
sure I get more views than nigahiga in
these months right when are we clapping
man dollars a month networks a hundred
thousand dollars is not a lot for you
that's a lot of money your boy Wolfie
rats just popped on the screen okay
that's my best views 112 million per
 month hours a day and now it's
only been how do you feel about this
video think I'm the richest youtubers
I'm making $10 a check to mr. top-five
for showing me so much love from
markiplier and dantdm and friggin
jacksepticeye are all making way more
money than I'll ever make my life
there's nothing better than leftover
turkey when all the juices finally melt
into it and you waited day to eat it
it's delicious and look at this
oh my god no he's eating the cat food
again he's eating the cat food and then
we have the black sriracha here that
Dustin made forever ago and it's still
here I am the real sriracha God but I
don't know if you're supposed to keep it
in the fridge once you once you open it
I think you are I do at least you can
keep it in the cover before you open it
but look at this this has been there for
honestly a month probably over a month
definitely need to get thrown out I
wanted to do a taste test with it but so
I'm currently uploading the vlog that my
mom did I didn't get my hair cut as you
guys can see I completely forgot to do
that though maybe I'll get it cut
tomorrow the barber will actually be
open so if my brother doesn't have time
I can go to the barber so guys I got all
the Orbeez and what I'm gonna do tonight
so I found two different types of
in this whole package my goal
right-hander tonight is to pick out all
the ones that are not clear I don't give
a they're friggin blessed they look
cool as hell but they're not clear like
look at the difference between this one
and this one this is legit in the shape
of an egg the goal tonight is to put all
of these clear ones in with all of the
big clear ones in this giant tub then
I'm gonna see who can guess how many
balls are in the big container and I'm
gonna follow a bunch of people that hit
the number right on the dot so the
difference between the two Orbeez are
not even just the size I mean this one
is completely egg-shaped like this this
is an oval this ain't no circle this is
literally an oval I'm gonna do a cut
test for you guys
just cuz Yolo I mean look at the slide
test sure let me do it yeah Sofia's
obsessed with these things guys but
here's a cut so there's that there's the
thick ones as you can see I squish them
and they're kind of like they're they're
hard to break they're not easy to break
but there's ones in here that are so
mushy it's like I don't know how it's
still it like like the pink ones only
look at these like jello I think I'm
bouncing in my hand like this guy's so
squishy and this one is just like a word
I'm not good bouncy ball and that yeah
okay so let's cut open this squishy one
first this is like that raindrop cake
that I made on my main channel oh wow
you can't even cut it you can't even cut
it it literally looks like it's like
just floating through water at this
point look at these guys the inside of
it this is so very cool it's like watch
the thick one I feel like the thick ones
it
okay the thick ones easy a cut sliced
there's no effort like this
I'm putting no effort in you're gonna
cut yourself no literally this is so
trippy guys you grab a big one in look
I'm just gonna drop the knife
I haven't even push down with the knife
yet how many and push down with the
knife and it fully cut in half fully cut
it in half
what the hell look at this no pressure
guys like no pressure so now I guess
it's Sylvia's favorite part what we're
gonna do is basically throw out all the
ones that aren't clear in here we use
the bowl and put all the clear ones in
the bowl we're going hunting guys so
Sylvia is obsessed with squishing these
Orbeez like liberty and she loves
squishing them out of the bar
so it just makes a mess everywhere so we
squished all the ones that weren't clear
so we're gonna flush this down the
toilet because we have nowhere else to
put it I don't know if flushing Orbeez
down the toilet is a good idea or not
but we could put it in a garbage bag
what we need to like triple bag and
honestly we're gonna try and flush it
down the toilet and I'll show you what
happens so just in case you buy like
10,000 30 billion thousand
Orbeez and you need a place to get rid
of them you can learn from my mistakes
if it is a mistake just mad jelly guys
look at all of this jelly you can see
them some ones more clear now okay guys
so I just filled up the rest of the
toilet with these Orbeez I literally
dumped the whole thing into there but it
automatically started like flushing on
its own so this is what we're left with
so I'm gonna fill this up with a bit of
water and then see what happens when we
flush it so I just dump the water in as
well and here we go just left on the
toilet like a regular thing I'm cheese
now I got a mess everywhere but that's
 easier to clean alright guys
cleaning is taking way longer than I
expected I thought we had not much to do
but we are thoroughly cleaning the
bathrooms
I got a candle going over there for some
nice smell wolfy jr. I found two spots
at his P yeah I found two spots of your
pee buddy
what you have to say about that alright
he doesn't care he has been going on his
pee pad more but I guess this guy
forgetting find a spot in my room so now
my whole office smells like absolute pee
anyways I gotta wake up early tomorrow
because my mom's coming over at like
8:00 I think so I'm gonna end the vlog
out there I hope you guys enjoyed if you
did please don't forget to go and smash
that like button
let's hit 25,000 wolf and let's get it
so if you have not hit the like button
already go smash it also I want you guys
to comment something down below so that
I know you made it to the end of the
vlog it's gonna be really simple I just
want you to ask the comment down below
clean wolfy that's it clean wolfy I know
I always said the randomness but
it's all good anyways again I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see you
guys soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more status in my main
channel and as always stay savage back
house
