good morning AOS kid it's your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy today is a
very special day because my mom is gonna
be vlogging today so I got a day break
from vlogging which is gonna be weird I
might just do like a little chat story
or something like that but hopefully my
mom does a good job blogging today I'm
probably gonna be with her a decent
amount of the day so if I am with her
obviously you know your boys gonna help
guide her but this is all you're gonna
see of me holding the camera today maybe
the outro but I'm probably gonna make my
mom do that too so because my mom is
blogging today you might need to cut her
a bit of slack okay
I'm sure she'll do a good job but please
make sure to go smash that like button
let's give my mom all the support in the
world if your lawyer last wolf am you'll
hit the like button and leave a positive
ass comment for my mom cuz you guys
wanted this maybe if we had enough likes
who knows I'm gonna let my dad bought
for day if you guys want to see my dad
blog for a day if we can hit like 70,000
likes on this video I will let my dad
blog for a day a my dad does a pretty
cool shit so you guys would want to see
that yes Charles
are you ready I'm just we're just
leaving the gym I'm gonna pick it up
nothing that goal and you might shopping
okay right okay bye so handoffs been
made and we're heading to Costco right
now because we do that every Saturday to
get groceries after we go to the gym and
work for a few hours and now we're ready
right yes Chris wait where are your eyes
why he's Indian so much relief yet fixed
all right we'll get back to you and we
get there so we're back it's been like
30 seconds since I turned it off but I'm
just trying to see if I can work this
thing and know it works so we're driving
down the street and I'm going to turn it
around look out the window yes I can see
traffic going here Chris drives he kind
of drives too fast sometimes you the
director but we can deal with that he is
a good driver e he drives you race cars
and motorcycles and stuff like that but
yeah okay shutting it off man so it's
been 20 seconds since last time I turn
this camera on in the back again oh poor
Chris always goes the way to Costco that
I don't like to go because he likes his
drive fast as I go and he goes on the
highway it's faster it's faster but it's
I don't like going on the highway
because he drives too fast so I like
going the back roads as you can see just
driving down the street here in the nice
neighborhood and we see some interesting
things sometimes so Chris is complaining
because I've made him go on the back
roads but he would go out of his way to
go on the highway and he's complaining
about that when I'm elderly I will drive
like I'm old
yeah I'm not there yet I mean he doesn't
speak but he just dies like
so as usual as we're driving a Costco I
usually get some kind of list from the
daughter of the families telling me that
I need to get Stu beef because she makes
a really good stew and then some kind of
strained tomatoes and stuff usually the
list is a whole lot longer than that and
we go to Loblaws after that because she
will give us like nineteen hundred
things or she'll probably come to the
store God make sure we get the pureed
tomatoes at Costco and stew beef so
don't let me forget that I think Charles
probably gonna not want me to vlog
anymore but one time when we were
driving to see Dane Cook and Chris was
driving obviously it was on the highway
and it was pouring rain on the road and
I just remember saying to Chris can we
go a little bit slower which is usually
how it works when Chris is driving guy
says he'll slow down and he said it's
fine it's fine he just goes over to the
passing lane and just drives and it's
pouring rain so fast and I was freaking
out so then when we got to Dane Cook
side the show which was really good was
known was the Dane Cook was it
we're going to see we want the CD income
we're not going to stink but those brake
lights I have no we were going to see
Kevin Hart that's who we were going to
see and that we were driving down the
highway and it was pouring rain and he
was driving so fast and I was so mad at
him by the time I got there we literally
didn't talk to each other time when I
wasn't I'm in camp
Chris pissed me off because he was
driving really fast in the car so we're
just entering the Costco parking lot and
if you've ever been to Costco I don't
know if you have that where you guys
live but here in Ottawa Costco is a
freaking nightmare on Saturday and you
have to have a strategy to get into the
parking lot team last spot almost the
last spot part of the Costco strategies
that we have four baskets go in here
because you know exactly how much stuff
we need to get so we're heading over to
the frozen food section always have to
get some mangos and blueberries ok so we
got the tomatoes I got the steuby from
before they don't really need that much
stuff here this time but let's Chris got
here one bottle equals one meal what
does that mean well it's like you know
if you don't have a lot of food and
you're really hungry
you catch out a little ketchup okay or
not okay so we're looking for almond
flour it is $20 for a bag of this stuff
it's expensive but it's good so as you
can see here you don't have any
processed food it's all whole food ah we
have moose here we have a Pike River try
that today are you everything is fresh
food because that's what we eat chips no
none of that garbage you got to put
healthy things in your body to stay
healthy tips of the day Chris has got
the cart and he's like a machine with
the cart he just walked down the side
nobody gets in his way watch how he done
handled this section here there's all
these cars and they think they're gonna
just drive along but he goes right
alongside them just right alongside them
like that all most of the car and you
can see down there there's police I
don't know if you can see that but it's
always so busy that we need police here
to direct people out now to our next
stop where are we going Chris
independent independent grocer Loblaws
and firm boy because they had really
good salad and stuff there so the guy up
here smoking his vape on the corner in
the pouring rain so that's got to be
pretty fun he has a hole tattooed face
well I'm not old
Parshin ten part time if you want dip in
life don't tattoo your face okay just
don't do that coming up here you're
gonna see something they are building a
new house on the right hand side and if
you've been following Charles's vlog at
all you know that I like houses and I
was an architecture student for a while
before I had to drop out because my
husband was too busy but here they're
building a new house and the plan that
we have for our family is to do that
same thing we're going to actually I
call it my compound right Chris we're
going to make a compound and we're all
going to live together on a piece of
land and have different houses on that
lands that we can live close together
and that's the plan so if all along long
enough here you may see that come to
reality because I'm really excited about
that and now that Charles has moved out
we really miss him and realize more that
we want to do that Chris really this is
Christo's
it's really missing or suggested really
just really misses him so why are you
moving there's not on cara's on me I
mean how is the kind of autumn okay
anyway we're heading out to go to the
rest of the places that we have to go
Tessa's driving chris is in the front
anyway I hate driving with other people
and especially when they're learning to
drive I taught the boys to drive I'm
teaching TAS to drive but I don't really
like it and as I get older I'm just
getting worse at being calm in the car
when somebody else is driving anyway so
I'm going to sit here in the backseat
and probably close my eyes and like
Chris deal with this and hopefully we're
gonna get to farmboy safe so we've
arrived at a farm boy over there there's
Chris we made it Oh heading into farm
boy
not my favorite lettuce which is over
here there's the kale stuff you get some
of that as you can see here this is our
Ontario turkey you know if you can see
the price on that it's like $72 so we're
heading into Loblaws now we have a bunch
of things to get in here we got our
turkey so that's good I didn't know if
we would even find one today but they
had lots at firm boy so heading into
Loblaws to get other stuff lots of
pumpkins we have to get a pumpkin for
our porch soon and some squash and all
those delicious things to eat so every
Saturday Chris comes in here and he gets
some sushi and there he is picking out
his sushi because the lady always makes
some special stuff
and that's like a Saturday routine
somebody is calling me now it's probably
Charles I better answer that alright
alright
taking over log here for a minute now I
have been charged with getting all the
greens to make the stuffing for the
turkey so DIY daddy's got a few tips
free you're going to make stuffing you
got to have all the ingredients first of
all you need to have your garlic bread
then you need to have some French crusty
unsliced loped and last not least you
need to get a pre flavored sage load
unfortunately they don't have one of
those here today so we're gonna have to
make one of those ourselves okay
everybody so it took me a minute to find
it this is what I'm talking about brown
berry bread turkey time
preseason stuffing mode so everybody
here I am DIY daddy again and I'm here
in the independent grocers with basil
yes the Basil's going to give a shout
out to shout out to Shirley Andy have
you know they're for the wolf em as well
no I
blogs every day man there you go you
heard it straight from the horse's mouth
so we're getting through here got lots
of stuff as you can see we're loading up
on some sugar and chocolatey things here
chocolate chips and yeah only because
Thanksgiving because we don't usually
the treats don't usually like that how
much money do we spend today Chris in
total yeah in total total
$800 a week on groceries people it's a
lot of food sometimes spend to be
healthy though but most of this stuff is
not healthy because it's Thanksgiving
lots of junk in there but not normal
we're letting Chris pack the car because
he's a master Packer he can pack a car
he can pack a moving van like a pro so
we let him do that and we just stand
here and wait perfect look at all of
that and I'm just gonna throw stuff in
here Chris is teaching Tess about blind
spots right now we're look they stand
outside the car so she can see so we
made it home and of course as we go in
the little kiddies are waiting as usual
Cleo is out the door Lionel's at the
door hi sweetie hey hey hey hey hi Cleo
I bought the cat a new kind of cat food
to try fresh Pat my cats are pretty
picky and I put in the dishes and they
sniffed it and they just walked away
from that so Lionel he's licking his
lips he's waiting for a piece of
kielbasa from the deli so fresh Pat
you're a fail I don't typically eat this
but today I'm eating this so it's fresh
bread peanut butter house block cheese
some kind of Bologna that's really not
good for me can we get him on counter
come over yeah you need to get off the
power and then a piece of tomato my dad
used to make sandwiches and he put
everything on them this is like a treat
see chris is setting up his sushi feast
looks good the lady at Loblaws hooks him
up every time super fresh just as good
as going to the sushi restaurant so
we're going to eat that right now and as
you can see we are finished shopping the
fridge is stuffed full of stuff and in
the freezer that is also full so we have
a few things to finish around here
before we can sort of relax for the day
Cleo's on the stove as normal Cleo can
you get off the stove can you get off a
stool please can you get down get down
either go up or get down where you no no
you can't go in the toaster why is your
tail flicking like that oh yeah we need
to clean the grapes over here which I do
by putting them in a special solution of
lemon juice get a good squirt in there
cuz grapes are one of the fruits that
have the most poison on them so really I
don't like I don't even like to eat them
but everybody likes them in his house so
if I'm going to buy them then I wash
them extra-special put some baking soda
and lemon juice which are both natural
products and they kind of make a
cleaning solution with the grapes and
then we just put the grapes in there I
let them soak for about an hour and I do
take them off the stem so that they
actually fit into the bowl but we're
just going to put some water in here
first so I just kind of swish them
around a little bit and then I'm going
to leave them sit in there for about an
hour and the water that comes off these
things afterwards is disgusting so if
you don't wash your grapes you should be
washing your grapes okay the next thing
we have to do we're going to empty the
dishwasher finish that and leave some
compost to take outside and then we're
gonna have to feed the cats because they
did not like what I gave them before and
they've refused to eat it so I spoil
them so I'm going to give them something
that I know they like but I'll get to
that in a minute so one thing you should
know about this house is that we have
two different kinds of bowls we have cat
dishes and then regular people dishes
and in the cupboard when we organize
them there's like regular people dishes
regular people dishes here it's a
regular person dish and then the cat
dishes and they are all supposed to go
on one shelf sometimes when we have
people over and stuff they don't know
but we just don't say anything because
it's not really a big deal so anyway but
if you ever come to our house the cat
dishes are up there so I've put the food
out but as you can see Cleo doesn't wait
she just eats right off the counter so
when we say Cleo you have to get down
and then Lionel of course has much
better manners so he waits on the floor
until he gets his food but as you can
see and Jackson will come along at some
point but he won't come now because he's
like a ghost he only comes out at night
and then we put the can over here in the
recycle bin because we also recycle the
compost and recycling you will find in
here I'm not sure why this is here but
that needs to go outside I find
surprises around here all the time yeah
we forgot potatoes so I
go back to the store to get some
potatoes which I'll do and it's Zach's
birthday tomorrow as well so we're
having Thanksgiving dinner and we're
celebrating his birthday so I have to
get some things to make his cake which I
also forgot you think we got so many
groceries that I wouldn't forget but I
forgot the trick with Chris is it's
Saturday so we see how quickly he falls
asleep sitting at his computer because
he's so tired from a busy week that he's
most of the time sleep he's not working
he's passed out so anyway we'll catch
him at some point sleeping at his
computer we'll see how maybe I was how
about that or maybe he will have a nap
and and I will have a nap and we will
have a nap would be nice anyway let's do
the rest of the stuff and then we'll get
back to you so just quickly show you my
smoothie that I'm making I put in a few
carrots in the bottom and a little bit
of frozen mango and a piece of tumeric
it's for healing and that just goes in
there like that and then we're gonna put
it on the blender that Charles routinely
tries to break see it doesn't even fit
on here on one now as you can see if you
look at my cutting board somebody was
doing something with the tumeric because
it stains things it stains everything
yellow and they were doing something or
maybe it was curry I don't know I can't
keep anything nice around here cuz I
really wrecked everything
we're gonna have some smoothie and Chris
do you want any I just told everybody -
ok carrots mango tumeric avocado I he'll
probably say no little oh he said a
little bit ok usually he just refuses my
smoothies because I don't they taste
like grass they're supposed to be good
for you and not making a milkshake how's
the smoothie taste like dirt why does
this say change zoom magnification I
have no idea was that meanness you don't
know how to work her camera is getting
you drinking that see you're not even
making faces it's not bad so we're back
from the grocery store and I got
everything I got some ice it's a little
bit warmer so I need to keep the turkey
cool we have our potatoes and in the
bottom is some cream cheese for Zach's
cake
and yeah if we sneak in the house
quietly I was gonna say as we sneak in
the house quietly there oh he's awake I
thought we could see if you were
sleeping I can see that you're not nice
John I'm just sitting down to look at
some houses
this girl was sitting right here and she
wants to go for a walk so in a few
minutes and I have put a leash on and
took outside she was gonna bust me but I
busted her you go so Charles just called
and he's coming over now because we need
to take wolfy jr. for a walk because
apparently he's going squirrely and the
cats we need to take them for a walk too
and I promised squeal that I would take
her for a walk so Chris and I just
passed out on the couch for an hour and
now before we make dinner we need to
take these little beasts out for a
little walk so that's what we're doing
right now
and Cleo as you can see already has on
her harness are you ready to go for a
walk Cleo Cleo say hi to everybody she
doesn't care she says just take me for a
freaking walk because I'm tired of being
in this house are you coming
are you staying Lionel does not like the
cold or the rain and it's a little bit
cold and rainy today I think it's back
to being like that so we'll see if he
even wants to go outside Cleo we'll go
in any weather but Lionel not so much
lion come here come here
come on yeah he's not coming but I'm
gonna put it on in many ways and take
him out he may want to run back inside
but we'll see
anyway chris is getting on his stuff as
chews Charles gets here we're gonna go
out and we're gonna come back make
dinner anyway that's it probably gonna
hand over this camera to Charles and we
can finish off so I finally get to my
mom's house and the second that I pull
in the driveway her and my dad are
already walking outside with the two
cats instantly I start to panic cause
I'm like holy shit I didn't know my dad
coming on the walk so now I gotta pray
to people fuck
that's so fucking scary this is a prank
how is it a prank how am i filming why
you're on there I don't know but either
we're going back yeah we're going back
we are going back so guys I am taking
over the blog for a second I'm about to
give it back to my mom no you're not
days not over you vlog until later we
scared my mom you guys are gonna see the
prank on the main channel or I yeah we
scared my mom I gotta go bring dad back
his camera now cuz I have dad's camera I
also have to go bring Silvia supply a
pumpkin I've literally been running
around all day eyes look at this I get
two raps we got steak wraps sour cream
cheese I don't have to cook the thing I
was so busy filming today the I legit
had no time to eat it is now 8:30 p.m.
have not even a single thing I've had
some water that's about it don't have
another glass of water actually okay no
glasses I said never fly in my house why
don't you guys break in my house you
guys you get a glass anytime you want
and it's perfect nice York whose
chocolate look at that I don't know I'll
take this yeah I love my chocolate milk
alright so I'm just bringing Silvia her
pumpkin right now but I'll fill you in
on what we did today we filmed a video
for dad's channel basically just to test
to see who the smartest person in team
Iowa was and honestly let's just say
your boys pretty smart that's all I'm
gonna say I'm not gonna spoil anything
but it was a Bangor video honestly a
dope idea on dad's part it was actually
fun as hell to do on even off the camera
I was like so into it so that went well
also I figured out it was a scratch on
the back of my car like the back corner
so I guess somebody ran into my car or
drove and scraped into my car when they
were like getting out of a parking lot
or something so that kind of cheesed me
and I'm not gonna let that bring me down
because the prank that I felt today was
blessed everything went just according
to plan I went to the costume store this
morning to find like the creepiest
friggin outfits I could find one of the
girls they're actually watching my video
so she helped me out I was dope
everything other than the car scratch is
going according to plan
I didn't even have time to eat those two
wraps that my mom made me cuz I gotta
bring this to Silvia ASAP and the prank
that I just did on my mom I told my mom
that Silvio is filming and that's why I
needed to bring the dog to her house
holy shit I'm talking at a million
frigging miles an hour but now Silvia
actually is filming so I don't even have
to
about that oh yeah I am so ready to just
sit down edit my vlog from yesterday and
eat man that's all I want to do that's
all I want to do
finally six time end of the vlog
Charles's editing chris is watching the
hip hop video
Dustin is about to film something that's
it for the vlog tonight we're going to
go to bed
knocks away in Montreal seeing Drake and
houses upstairs but should they comment
down below
Chris made audacity at night likes how
many like twenty thirty thousand likes
thirty thousand fifty thousand likes and
Chris is gonna take you along with him
to the hospital seventy seventy seventy
thousand likes and Chris is gonna take
you along with him to the hospital
anyway he's gonna tell you what to say
what should they comment down below
Chris Rock yeah favorite rap group
what's your favorite rap group my
favorite rap artist is Rock Kim so
comment down below what your favorite
rap group is okay I hope you enjoyed the
vlog everybody and maybe someday he'll
have us back thanks for joining us here
on more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more savage than I made them I mean
then Charlie's main channel and stay a
little bit more savage and as always
lego ninjago obeys a savage lego
