good morning a yahwah's gets you by well
if you welcome back to more wolfy I got
wolfy jr. up in this bitch some food got
heated up from last night I think it's
like calamari and celery I had a few
pieces not gonna eat too much more it's
pretty salty I have my coffee here and
the first thing I want to do in the
morning I just woke up is check on the
progress of my bowels of the big jumbo
Orbeez right wolfy Junior's gonna come
with me hey come here
oh come on come on let's see the Fergus
let's see the progress turn on the light
I'm not looking down yet boom these are
big they're already starting to take up
mad space and now they're becoming
circular you see what I'm saying
yesterday they had ridges but today they
don't have any ridges like they're
evening out be careful - yeah like
little little ridges in the middle way
less than they did like some of them I'm
gay I'm sure if I go to the bottom I can
find one this one has a few ridges but
it's clear and it's invisible they're
getting better guys so good broke one it
didn't it was like that anyways those
are looking good and my DIY I'm being
over here let's see the progress I'll
give you a little hint boom there you go
alright that's all you get that one's
doing well too
so I'm gonna take off the lid and let
the air go out I think it's working guys
I think it is working Dan your boy could
not recover from these DIYs any better
anyways I gotta drink my coffee because
today is another edit day I gotta sit in
my room at it until I feel like I want
to jump off a bridge YUM okay so I just
got done editing my video and I was
looking on my computer and I stumbled
across a bunch of my old videos that I
never edited I never dropped them I
never released them to the public but I
got me thinking like maybe at random
times in my blogs I might just show you
guys a little preview of what Wolfie in
the past was like I mean I was pretty
much the same a couple months ago I'm
pretty sure these were filmed like a
couple months ago I think I have a few
videos that were filmed like a full year
ago that I just never got around to
editing or nothing so go down and hit
that like button if you guys want to see
some never-before-seen footage today I'm
going to show you a video anyways
because this video cracks me the hell up
so this video believe it or not I made a
video called trying vegetables for the
first time so as you can see on my
computer these are like all the videos
that most of them are vetted
is a few videos in here that I have not
touched so the one I want to look at is
trying vegetables for the first time
this is a video I filmed with DJ like
I'd say honestly probably around a year
ago
can I see the date I don't know ever
chose me to date maybe if I maybe if I
right click this and then go to his info
properties so this was created it says
January 2016 so that's almost a full
year ago that's around what September is
9 months 10 in September 9 or 10 months
I think it's 9 months January February
March April May June July August
September yeah I still count on my
fuckin fingers 9 months ago believe it
or not DJ doesn't eat vegetables or
fruit because when he was a kid he tried
even a bunch of times and every time he
ate them it wasn't that he couldn't eat
them because he didn't like the taste
but every time he ate them his stomach
would like instantly make him vomit so
like he does not eat vegetables or fruit
so I was like yo DJ we should make a
video about you eating fruit and
vegetables for the first time and you
know what I'll try some things with you
because me I don't like tomatoes I don't
like bananas so if you do the video with
me I'll torture myself by trying to eat
those cuz I do not eat those brown cells
so here's the first clip this is my old
house I can play Gila I got to get a lot
of clubs up alright so DJ on he's a good
friend for doing this hey even with
selling him bruised so let me skip a
clip hold up hold up I have the gravel
down here and what is this acid reflux
Esha I just took a bite of the lettuce
instantly what the fuck I almost threw
up
Theresa and literally I'd say 2 minutes
in already this guy's what yeah have you
ever seen someone so excited to be
doubtful I've never see that he eats a
bite of the tomato you I fucking don't
like tomatoes this is all my brother was
super mutant
yeet oh I took a bite of the banana okay
here's where I took a bite of the Nana
for DJ Oh mm-hmm
fuck Matthew this is gonna make me throw
up just watching and thank you I'm not
the animal I'll do everything man though
I only alright guys wolfies first banana
look at my face oh my god
DJ's chillin I am NOT chilling I just
saw it so bad I was kicked this is how
you know DJ was excited DJ literally
calls Vanessa and he told her he's like
yo I ate vegetables and fishes I know
you didn't guess what happens a fucking
run Ryu
guess what outfit like this I need proof
I just tried for Charlie's video cuz I'm
gonna be like I'm good you know I what
do I have what happens the money truth I
never poop yeah and I can I just eat a
half a minute and be here so it was that
David it was a revelation
DJ figured out he can eat fruits and
vegetables because this man only eats
bread and meat all day every day that's
pretty much a large amount of his diet
so this thing it was this thing a year
ago January 8th or 6 whatever near was
that this man figured out you could eat
fruit him one more bit of a video I'm
gonna show you guys oh God okay so this
one is terrible I don't know why I
thought this was a good idea at the time
but I was like yeah what if for one full
day I wore a diaper and then just see if
I can go the full day keeping that
diaper on so if I have to go pee I have
to go in that diaper if I have to go
poop which I'm pretty sure I didn't I
remember that I wouldn't go food because
I have the diaper rod but I'd have to do
it in the diaper but that video I never
dropped either so where is this long cot
putting on the dye layer to be good
friend
what the fuck was I thinking I'm on my
case you guys that guys all my gays the
next second my 11:45 a.m. stereo and
ESPN will be wearing a Grammy this
before my dad showed his face like don't
show my face oh and I remember this was
an all day out of filming any films
before I meant we filmed like six videos
a day so that's why it was such a
struggle because we burned so much
energy when we film these videos I also
went to Walmart I just want to skip to
the Walmart Walmart your boys I won't
marry we ran into some fans and this guy
he did David live is I just leave it
himself you played yourself this is
where I was legit pissing myself in the
line look at my eyes I was in the
Express line kissing oh throwbacks a
visual to enlighten you this was the
classic L coach of my basement guys this
brings back memories all I can say is
thank God I never dropped that video
holy crap that's all you guys get to see
that I'm not embarrassed of this old
footage and I still have a bunch more
videos I never dropped oh my god your
keeper one okay that's that's it for
today I tip it today okay guys we're
going to Walmart to grab another
container because I put all the fan mail
that I opened in that container and I
only had one of them so now I have a
bunch of fan mail laying on the ground
with no containment and so I got to buy
a bunch more of these these exact ones
so I can stack them so maybe I should
take a picture but screw the picture I'm
just going to memorize it let's get it
alright guys I think I found the one
yeah no this is it this should be it I
might get a big one am I gonna go for
height or width or is this the same
height I think it's the same height
whoever wins
rock-paper-scissors is what I pick I get
tall and skinny the one I have and you
get thick rock paper scissors
all right looks like I'm to the big one
let's see if we can find the lid this
time in under five minutes though the
problem oh my god who's doing this
alright that wasn't me what the hell
this is an illusion is that one small -
what the fuck the cut short this what is
I thought it was a big one
do I get one or two I'll get this one
where's the lid is that it oh my god
here we go again guys
here we go again yeah oh this yeah guys
it was the black lid now we're good and
I'm fucking kicking over more shit god
damn Walmart I don't even care at this
point I'm out I eat I got the bucket
we're good to go
oh yeah this thing has way more space in
it guys this is amazing so I just got to
my mom's house and the first thing that
happened when you open the door is
Lionel it was a snake and he ran out
Cleo still waiting at the door now he's
under the car hey lion what are you
doing bro we see you just come out I'm
not gonna squish under my car this is
the problem with cats cats do not listen
dogs
Wolfie junior Beauty said hey buddy come
here even though he has trouble would
come he would come but I was just like
nah nah i'ma wait all day
where'd he go hey buddy my know is that
cuz you don't live here anymore I'm not
listening Silvia made me this invention
while I was editing I was actually
taking a break from everything I was
watching my yeah that's the life of
Wolfie that's a life of Wolfie but yeah
look at this she made me this invention
Sylvia loves her chocolate so you guys
know she had her mini eggs this is DIY
mini egg Reese's sandwich you crack up
or crumble the mini eggs on top of your
Reese's and then eat it I'll try it out
my hair's good guys my mom thinks she's
slick trying to sneak this picture clear
on my bucket bag sign it right Clio
signs it yes yeah get clear - sign it
Why What oh and why did you waste good
paper on this and we don't have a color
printer so you printed it off at work
for me all right guys I got an
autographed picture of Clio I'll sell it
comment down below how much you'll buy
it for Sylvia where have you been down
here for three years really wolfy what
are you doing can you come downstairs
can you come down the stairs yet can you
come downstairs yeah can you you can
walk up the stairs can you come down now
give you help for these stairs but the
carpet stairs are all you Sylvia's been
down here for so damn long working on
our hair shit I fully had time to edit
my vlog yet the thumbnail do everything
I guess that's what it looks like now
whoopee come on buddy
stop crying hey I'm here I have your
wolf as soon as he does one's there this
is like his first time off the couch
I'll spy on him come on buddy
so guys I just drove Sylvia to Wendy's
and she's waiting in the car because
we're waiting on the food but she needs
something she's making like a DIY video
or some hack video or something where
she needs a tree branch so your boys
about to hunt for a tree branch late at
night she said it needs to be kind of
straight and have a lot of branches off
of it I don't know if this one will do
this one might have to do I don't know
for all you environmentalists oh wow
that was dead anyways okay so that one
is easy we'll bring her back a few
different options hopefully your boy
does not run into a killer clown because
it's late at night I'm solo dolo by
myself and honestly
oh my god I thought I saw something
definite actually shit my beds and
honestly guys you know what I don't want
to have to murk on right now is this
dead as a kid I used to always break
frigging branches off the trees oh shit
okay so we got one here we got one here
this one's pretty dead this one's all
right maybe maybe one more when you're
breaking off branches you just crack and
twist let's see what she thinks about
these ones all right we got another now
she has four options hopefully her food
is ready
because trying to get out of here here
she is waiting in the car I think once
we get the food we're gonna do some
killer Klown hunting because in my video
when I posted the video about the killer
Klowns there was a bunch of comments I
read and people are like oh no they're
actually in Ottawa so I'm gonna hunt
Ottawa to see if I can find some I
brought you sticks mad sticks are these
gonna do good oh okay I'll put them in
the trunk pop the trunk pop the trunk if
you scratch my car it's gonna be a
problem okay guys the first location
where we are going clown hunting it's
right over here where I'm going to the
right so we're gonna turn there it kind
of looks like a deserted a street I'm
just trying to think if there were any
clowns where I am from this is the
location they'd want to be because this
would be the scariest place to be for
sure all right guys so I've been driving
down the street for about five minutes
no clowns yet but we are almost where I
said we wanted to go so I'm about to
turn left on one of these streets up
here so as you guys can see straight
ahead of us it has a lot more dark than
the regular streets there's not many
lights on this street and look at that I
ran inside as a fucking random ass car
on the street all I know is if a random
clown were to pop in front of the car
right now
you know like deers are on the street
your boy would step on the gas that is
another
anyways like I was saying guys I plan a
lot of GTA in my life and I'm not
deathly afraid of clowns like I know
people that are deathly afraid of clowns
like just in general before the killer
clown like whole phase was a thing okay
I've never been afraid of clowns thank
you feel like I've never been afraid of
clowns at the circus and whatnot but now
since there's killer clowns out there to
get us I'm kind of afraid so
what my plan is to do is once we get a
little further up this road I'm gonna
let Wolfie junior out he's gonna be the
bait and I don't know yeah and if
there's a clown coming to get us then
he'll go out Wolfie junior know is he'll
probably be oh he's mad cute he'll come
and then that is when I beat them or I
just leave Wolfie junior there and I run
away because I'll probably fucking run
away to be honest Plan B here we go okay
he's asleep so this is the perfect time
we're gonna grab him when he sleep we
can't have too many lights on I'm gonna
turn the car lights off soon because
it's very dark up here okay guys look at
this like it's one of those fucking dark
roads like where the lights at do
okay this is almost good I'm gonna pull
over right here
let's go give me my dog no this man he's
following me
charlie don't put him in the middle of
the road you insane he's following me oh
my god you're insane
come on he was running somewhere else
check up check up check this dog
literally was running by himself we're
out here
you just threw our dog in the middle of
an abandoned road to be bait for a
freeing killer Klown we have to do it
guys but guys just taken how dark this
friggin road is and how scary it is
honestly I have the chills right now and
I don't know what the hell that was on
the right oh my god that was scary as
fuck now we got another abandoned dirt
road coming up ahead of us as you can
see to the right is only trees there's
the road right there though
yeah four will fuck with the lights of
the loose not one lay on the road not
one light on the road honestly if you
don't like this video then the clown is
gonna show up your house tonight so ha
there you go like the damn video anyways
guys we got a long road to get down for
the rest of the road and we're heading
home ok no killer clowns today so maybe
tomorrow maybe the next day hopefully
after Halloween they just go away I'm
not really trying to bump into it at
night so there's that guy silly I think
she just saw clowns so I pulled over on
the middle of the road I'm bringing my
bait again with me no you're not I gotta
wait till this car goes cuz we got to
play it safe there's cars coming up
behind me my turn this light on so they
don't think something's going wrong
we're going hunting close it open
like why would you try and go find it
wouldn't you want to just drive away
where do you even go where Oh like what
he didn't do give me the dog
did you hear last week can we get over
there now there was a squeak over there
I didn't see any crown that is a
scary-ass pathway over there and when I
was running back I heard a dog shriek so
just tell us what you would do if you
saw the clown clown like why are you
trying to actively seek out these clowns
if I see it the first thing I'm gonna do
is ask it to subscribe to my main
channel second thing to Tyler Moore
Wolfie and third thing unsubscribe to
Silvia well that's it for that but
tomorrow guys look forward to the vlog
because I'm pretty sure my mom is gonna
do her first vlog I know a long time ago
I asked you guys to hit the like button
for my mom to vlog I said like 40k likes
or something you guys absolutely
demolished it so I'm gonna try and wake
up early morning because my mom wakes up
wait earlier than me and see if I can
get to her house and give her the camera
so that you guys can see what my mom
does in the day in the life and then on
that vlog we'll see we might get my dad
to vlog maybe Ave a blog hits like a
crazy amount of likes to we'll get my
dad to vlog maybe he'll bring his camera
to work that would be crazy so expect a
banger tomorrow hopefully my mom doesn't
let the wolf em down I don't think
she'll let the wolf em down she'll kill
it I would probably be with her a
majority of the day anyway
oh that your mom what you doubted me
when I took the vlog you're like she's
gonna be shit yeah yeah this is you what
your vlog look like what do you think if
I remember correctly you like shaky vlog
look at us guys this is what you find on
my kitchen table late at night anyways
guys I'm gonna end the vlog off there we
got a busy day tomorrow I gotta be up
early for our mom doing everything so if
you guys enjoyed the vlog even if you
did enjoy the blog go down and smash
that like button
let's hit 25,000 likes if you are active
wolf fam support the boy by going down
and smashing that like button also by
leaving a comment if you guys made it to
the very end of the vlog I want you guys
to comment down below
we miss you Cleo comment down below we
miss you Cleo because my mom gave me
this flip freaking house and again I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and I
will see you guys soon on more whoa V
where we stay a little bit more
established in my main channel and as
always stay savage Lakha
