today I get to meet Kevin Hart where
we'll be welcome back to more wolfy guys
I am extremely excited about today's
vlog literally I never thought this
would happen today I get to meet one of
my idols literally I've looked up to
this guy for so fucking long you
probably already know who it is because
he probably will be in the title I mean
he's a pretty big deal so before we even
begin the video I need you guys to go
down and smash the like button
let's hit 35,000 likes I'm not gonna beg
for I'm not gonna yell about it just
because dreams are coming true guys
today I get to meet Kevin Hart literally
like that's one of the next best things
not to dumb down Kevin Hart the only
thing better than Kevin Hart for me
would be either Drake or Justin Bieber
so right now we are literally like in
the middle of nowhere this is the
address they gave me we're about to film
some skits for his channel so I got a
hack - acting wolfy can't act and then
and then we're gonna do a video for my
channel so let's get the day started I
hope you guys are having an amazing day
let's get it okay guys so we are the
first ones here I may have played it a
little too early I know when you're cool
you're supposed to like be fashionably
late but like I'm really excited about
this so they just put us in this room up
here apparently there's like free food
so I'm kind of aged I think this is
gonna be a lot more laid-back than I
thought even though I was rehearsing
lines you need to finesse the Wi-Fi like
this is a stressed but yo I don't care
about anything today as long as I get in
get my lines done and then the main
channel video is a banger I think it's
gonna be the best day ever
guys you already know what it is I just
drank a Red Bull full but I mean what's
the healthiest thing you know
pop-tarts in the camera we're laughing
all I need is coffee and I'm going the
whole day without well you just need a
Red Bull what yeah I have a Red Bull you
attack the rest look at this look at
this guy this guy is a fan bro what's
wrong with being fat yeah she grew guys
together have professional can't be I'm
poor I am so poor why am i shoot a video
bro toast my toe even plugged in logged
in because like they don't expect anyone
to actually eat it but you are making my
coffee right yo yo yo yo yo what is this
I think that's what my skin right there
guys be prepared for the maple people go
okay guys so first thing Drake I'm doing
my makeup shout out to Sylvia this whole
setup I have oily skin so let's see if
we can make me on fleek so I mean I
could bring some of the stuff back here
to get us if she just made me do Jolin
jawline of a Greek god this guy's look
Reagan Dolan twin you can open up a can
of tuna with those guys John just like
yours right actually have a beautiful
jawline
god bless my dad a mom miked up and
everything no course not they just taste
me when they tell them that class at
Stanford look at all these feelings come
on people just really show oh damn I
have a lot of money I really thought
that was the Nigerian what I really
thought it wasn't hydrant bobsled teams
year at the Olympics beep tonight
I'm down with dancing everyone man is in
charge you all have to listen to him no
matter what the top of three no to prep
this one step to the top of 303 303
the top three or four the bottom of
three or four just so we can all see in
order we know we're going obvious are
going to take breaks
let me know when cameras are up and then
again we have someone that can hit
yo pick up money bro hey Chris
could you Akana just I got here during
the stammers yeah that monitor because
he doesn't have arms or legs doesn't
mean he still can't get yes the tagline
could be just because it doesn't have
legs doesn't make sure good feel good
let me get all where's mother is my
talent please that's good woman birthday
Bob I'm trying to learn them right now
for my skin this is a modernist you know
he's like rushing us yes but I think the
final product would be nice Lily I'm
reading my lines eyes are here all right
so let's do a quick rehearsal with the
lives and and it's all right people
listen up Maggie has made more money
than most small countries phone sound
written for King care but the cops are
kids cop says kids okay
this came here without doing any
weirdness I become a shock coming from
yeah you start sitting down then you
stand at the end yeah here we go
state senators go San Roque everyone
okay I'm set standby and set set y
degrees the idea of the kids with tasers
right now it just doesn't even seem like
it was that hello dr. Bhagwat white
boxes little pop lap though to the other
pocket
he's do the operation you're not even
thinking about the bid if you walk into
scrubs oh this is bad
take one marker all right here we go
they've you know what cameras are set
set okay gasps do you realize that we
haven't come up with a decent idea yet
not one these are not good you know they
say they say a thousand tightlining
monkeys will eventually write the works
of shit but you guys know you're
different
you guys are like seven ostriches with
crayons it's not even close it's not
even the same thing awesome awesome
camera phone every commuter conspiracy I
won't cover the wall turn inside little
done you got
and the fear apples teens done Kevin
said nice and improperly but you know I
think I think I was a little too I got
the IG picked just in case of backup so
yeah Paul never watches I got to get to
you know I think I was like a wardrobe
change ok guys so that was a teaser for
the main Channel video it's gonna be
coming out in a few days just got
changed I know trying on new outfits you
guys are gonna see it's like ridiculous
so when this stuff drops on Kevin's
channel get ready for that as well
obviously make sure this match like
button we just have a lot more stuff to
do basically like we're doing stuff with
him and then he's gonna leave soon
because he's obviously a busy guy and
then we're gonna continue to do the rest
the scenes when he's gone so a couple
more hours it's powerful there used to
be burning yeah I'm actually doing it
ever doesn't like how close I got to his
face I think he could smell my morning
prayers
I'm getting a history
real-life hotdogs
where's the ketchup I don't know bro I
don't know okay I'm not in the mood
right now as you can tell just call me
an uber this what's that absolutely not
I go into words with like alright let's
try on your hotdog costume
when was that what memo was that not
even like a sausage I'm like I'm just a
straight-up yeah just a small cool okay
guys that is a frigging rapid heartbeat
studios I have been here literally I got
like two hours of sleep I didn't get any
sleep my lips are chapped I have a
dinner in like an hour and a half I got
to go back to the clubhouse change be
appropriate for like a formal dinner but
I have been here since 7:00 a.m. okay do
you guys want to see what time it is
let's see what time it is 5:30 guys it's
5:30 can you see that ridiculous
literally Kevin was in and out of here
within an hour didn't even take a pic
with him because he was in such a rush
which is understandable but it's like yo
I'm stressed I was here all day so guys
this is like I don't even know but I am
super grateful to have this under my
belt like this is like an accomplishment
for me because it's like one of the few
people like I really look up to in terms
of like grinding and just who they are
and how successful they've gotten so
Kevin Hart is one next is Drake or J
Bieber oh okay well fab gays Christ your
boy is exhausted as soon as I finished
the Kevin Hart shoot and all that stuff
I went to the cloud house to pick up my
clothes literally had to sprint out so
fast couldn't even charge my phone or
anything and I had to go directly to
like this YouTube dinner but it was sick
because honestly I'm
shut out YouTube for attempting to make
things better you know I just had like a
dinner with some of their like to talk
people at YouTube which is dope because
usually a lot of creators don't get a
chance to talk to people high up at
YouTube and ask them what's poppin but
they actually invited me to a dinner so
we just went to catch la which is like a
sick freaking restaurant and I had I
didn't really vlog any of it cuz like it
wasn't that kind of ride but I had like
a six or seven course meal it was
ridiculous some of the shit they were
bringing out I was just idiot cuz like
when you go to a place that has that
expensive food if you don't question it
cuz everything must taste lit there was
some noodles with like mushrooms it was
amazing so shout out to youtube for
invited me up to that saw some good
friends that was lit and I also managed
to break a board on Alex's hobbies
channel because Alex others there
shout-out to my dog house and I also
broke one with my head because I'm
practicing for these fights that I'm
going to have to get into in the next
couple we call me bear but stay tuned
for that main Channel video dropping in
a few days it's gonna be heat on your
Rick and head top I'm super excited
about that
oh so smash the like button if you
haven't already let's hit thirty five
thousand likes tomorrow's blogs gonna be
doubling and I love you guys so much I
will see you guys soon cool we stay a
little bit more savage than a shadow
like a Matt talking while but to fall
asleep better yeah I have
