what the hell what is this what you two
sent me a secret play button good
morning yo what's your boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie we're
starting the day off it's lit it's like
a party it's like a fuckin hoverboard
party in the crib but there's a lot of
stuff I gotta get done today well family
hope you guys are having an amazing day
smash the like button if you are you
already know the last couple of videos
we've been killing the like button
easily hitting 30,000 so go down let's
hit 30,000 likes on this video with your
chin hit that like button right now you
got a 5 seconds 4 3 2 BAM all right guys
first of all before I even say anything
look how talented I am one foot
balancing one
I'm freaking nice with it geez now that
I actually have them use myself I'm
gonna become like one of these absolute
monsters with it that's the plan but yo
I woke up everything was good and then
my phone just like started acting up on
me and say Wolfie you're not gonna have
a good day today why is everyone in the
world trying to stop me from having a
good day I just I don't get it
so I'm going to the store I'm gonna tell
them figure it out also my loaner car
I'm giving back today that should be
done today so I gotta go pick that up
and the boys are filming I saw they're
filming like six videos today it's like
one of those grind days old school albo
days so obviously I'm gonna have to go
in and troll on Nash Sylvia what are you
doing today yo what are you doing today
yo what are we doing that drifting video
today guys remember yesterday's vlog be
drifted tell me if you're down to this
wait wait wait wait
remember I said me and so we were
thinking about doing her makeup while I
was drifting well today would be a
perfect day for that because it is snowy
AF outside also a lot of you guys in the
comments said that would be hilarious so
I think we might track that today lickle
behind the scenes on this channel bill
we got some mail today starting off the
day I don't think I was supposed to
throw that because I think it said
fragile on the other side why am i seven
feet in this this is insanely hard to
unbox what do we got in the mail day I
literally have no idea what this is guys
cuz usually when I order mail I order
it's like my mom's house because I know
she's always gonna be home whoa YouTube
sent me a secret play button
what the hell what is this what is this
and why do they keep sending me shit
guys pulled the phone what do we got
here no way no way oh you two thank you
so much for this I got my merch oh it
has the merch on check this out
guys it has my merch on Wolfie wraps
calm little caught that what are you
right now it's writing that says Wolfie
I love you so much more I couldn't stop
laughing Thank You boss I like anyways
Savage oh my god yes I literally think
they they took a bunch of my comments
and put them over my picture I never
asked for this this is my god
YouTube finally you're showing me love
after all the years that you never
showed me any love and showed any
youtubers any love because you actually
we don't exist but I mean this is fun
this makes up for it I guess I didn't
picture myself no actually though shall
I tell it to you hey Wolfie raps look at
that they put it on the expensive paper
guys that's some expensive paper when we
look back your channel you've created we
are in awe of the videos you've made
with the incredible relationships you've
built with your fans these connections
are what make YouTube thrive we wanted
to send you a little something to say
thanks for what you do this gift
celebrates the uniqueness of your fans
your channel uniqueness of your fans as
the comments right there and the
community you created together we know
how much courage time attire
with the world and we couldn't feel more
fortunate to play even a small role in
your success happy 2018 at the YouTube
team thank you so much YouTube actually
because this is my house
like I've been taking time on like
framing my gold play button I don't know
where to put them
I wanted everything in my office but
like I don't know I'm never there I'm
thinking about Odyssey no come with me
yeah yeah no isn't my house come you
come in the front door thank you for
just putting all my stuff thank you on
the hallway going to like the bedroom
yeah so maybe I'll fight yeah mine here
mine here we can make it right here
right here
so yours here so these here no no no we
should just do them all on one wall and
make it like a what do they call like a
collage anyways
yo should I do it guys and then I'm
gonna put that out too because that's
that's technically like a play button in
my eyes like it's like it's not really a
play button but it's like a secret play
button I'm aged I don't know but yo
shout to YouTube thank you so much for
that I got my day started aged
Princes meat stick hiding place of the
days right here I found the culprit
guys look at that meat stick Prince and
Wolfie mainly Prince always likes hiding
his meat stick because he doesn't like
when Wolfie touches it and he doesn't
even like when we touch it so anytime we
give Prince like a meat stick or like
beef jerky actually not beef jerky cuz
he touched right away but like a bone or
something like that this guy hides it so
today he hid it behind the couch and I
guarantee the second he gets home he's
got the groomer right now getting a nice
fade up this guy's getting a skin feed
he's gonna look he yeah poison - so
that's the spot of the day today
sometimes to do it right here and just
look on the back yard sometimes you know
it'll be under the couch but you can bet
that the second gets home he's looking
there now guys there is only one spot in
this world that is worse than hell and
that's why it is service Ontario oh my
god it doesn't matter what time you come
here you could come here at 8:00 a.m. as
soon as they open thinking that there's
no line you can come here right as
they're about to close you could come
your midday when everyone's at work no
they are always going to be busy it
doesn't matter when you come we'll fam
so we're gonna see what the wait times
looking like number 55
come on they are currently on number 39
in this place I told you guys it doesn't
matter what day you come here there's
gonna be a long wait long line but at
least I got my phone with my new Gucci
case copper wolf yaps calm you guys know
what to do we got it done
now he can move on with our day that
literally wasn't I'm not even gonna lie
that was not a bad wait wasn't even a
bad wait dining section preparing
section accent section bathing section
decorate section holy Sh why am I so old
guys you can't do this I'm literally
shopping for a rug like literally the
back door right by the jacuzzi hot tub
doesn't have a rug and every time I go
in in the winter especially because it's
wet and gross I've been slipping on my
so I'm actually going rug shopping shut
up my boy phase rug ridiculous we're
getting too old for this 17000 I love
the mirror section this is my favorite
section guys I'm not conceited Oh like
I'm not narcissistic what do you mean
god damn he's sweet little feet things
that have compartments where you can put
your shoes we're in the wrong section I
don't know why but I feel like these
rugs are a little too big for the back
yard and too expensive to welcome to rug
shopping with Wolfie 101 guys I found
the rug when you run shopping you want
to find a rug that's nice on top but
also as grip on the bottom because you
want it to grip so that you don't slip
grip slip okay this one's too damn
classic kitchen mat they're saying gonna
fly for the backyard ah the non-slip pad
this one is too thin though so I don't
think this one's gonna work we need more
power on this everyone has definitely
seen one of these shout out to the
Jamaican color flag they knew I was
coming but this one sold rough and
prickly that's kind of over on your feet
that's gonna take a while
all right guys now I'm making sure
there's enough space facetiming Sylvia
at the store and measuring out these
mats we got a nice brown one which would
nicely match but this one is like the
typical size the average
Silvia says get a typical size as you
heard but I don't even know I don't even
know how you guys are watching this vlog
right now I'm fucking rug shopping this
could not get any more boring
you never know what you're walking into
in the elbows she's got Bionic legs this
conjecting off from the dunk
I'm gonna wear the Bionic legs - shut up
- Sean guys on a good note I just got
the best news of my life literally I was
gonna have to pay 2 grand
remember in yesterday's vlog I just got
a call from the car dealership I think
the wheel could have legit come off I
fucking could have died but they said
the bolts were falling off and then they
did some damage to the wheel so now I
have to buy a new wheel or rim that's
gonna come in tomorrow so now have to
wait an extra day and pay $2,000 I don't
have to pay anything anymore
Loki I think my mom punked them off
because they just like messaged me today
saying like yo your car is gonna be
ready by the end of the day and we're
gonna cover the cost because you're
Wolfie I was like cut thanks Willa fam
so guys no cars the day gets better and
better and better I love you guys I hope
you still have an amazing day believe in
your dreams you know if you're a girl in
your of age look at what's going on here
actually oh that's come on but I can't
show that that's
I do not like a little testy try to sit
in one spot just ethics yes I get it get
used to walking around with it with the
support retreat stand up straight
full video on Sean Shamu Charlie how you
feel you could touch my legs guys I'll
give you guys my first steps with the
restaurants on channel 5 tomorrow's walk
my legs are broke like broken actually
boy nonsense thanks I already got the
blog title today surprisingly so maybe
I'll just leave this footage for
tomorrow just need to get that muscle
memory so as soon as I get the muscle
bro this is not going down to my muscle
memory I feel even better
okay okay yeah you jump all you want
with a Chitty Wok okay Billy creep off
Billy gully creeper China catch Charlie
I'm sitting in the chair for the rest of
the day guys my legs are broke up but
God do what you got to do holy that
hurts I'm sweaty move on to finding so
so far in this film day we have gotten
Sean's video done Ryan is wrapping up
his video right now he's just taking the
thumbnail and I think Bronco still wants
to film but I just got that call that my
car is ready to be picked up now there's
one little problem with it the wheel is
not the color what I want it to be
because like we had to fix that but yo
shout out to the dealership for making
it happen
because I missed I miss my baby like how
are you just gonna get a car then like
have to take it to the shop already
that's all but I'm getting it right now
this is the shoe that I have to deal
with though like this is what like in
Canada we have to drive through guys
this is literally snowy everywhere and
this isn't even fun packing snow that
you can make into snowballs this is like
soft snow that only people that don't
live in snow light cuz they're like
snowflakes it's like now this is not
annoying just blows on your faces so now
let's go pick up my baby so guys we're
out here at Costco quickly before we're
going to film Dustin's video I'm buying
stuff I don't need and Dustin found this
and made it really value should not
exist okay if you have to buy a
wholesale band-aid you need to question
your parents Hank you really need to
because your kids not safe you guys
don't know what Costco is well I mean
every single one of you should know but
it's like they sell everything wholesale
everything bulk like a lot of this a lot
of this
for a cheaper price but band-aids are
like come on and like don't let your kid
outside what the hell guys they sell
designer in P in Costco I'm aged I'm
coughing this baby's a high she's
wearing supreme
I actually supreme Bondy yeah Sean do
you think they saw like ah do you think
they sell food here hold on I'll ask him
told you guys unnecessary stuff mega bag
of aldress chips some gum
a breathalyzer for what Oh future video
some of this lip shop and then some car
stuff for my new car smell like linen
and sky
what do you mean bro more drinking I
know I know I know but I want to try it
out tonight you know it's over it's over
- I want to see I want to monitor it
like I want to go yeah sure II was just
surprised Nate when he walks in the
house shoving is not oh yeah Dave mochi
teases alkie davis over yeah yeah yeah
let's go guys come on
you know why are we talking a small baby
everyone knows the pods fake no you
don't have lies where are they I didn't
practice next week's line so I don't
know what are we supposed to do talking
ship or a midget babies intro like Oh
what do these have - after everything
that went on with Logan bro come on bro
- what bro what am I supposed to do it's
too soon I forgot my I don't know the
next five he would release a video right
now Oh video video video if you wanted
to release a banger he'd make his
comment about it what why why dwarf
Mamba he's close to Logan I don't view
him be close in height or what likely yo
yo holy Sh this is not a david dobrik
vlog we don't all have lines
I loved iridar a chill we're about to
film for desc
now what was that bleep what was that
what was that what does that mean shut
though god I would never swear with my
little audience okay we have little kids
watching me we have to watch who we do I
would never mention what do you mean
little boy anyways y'all today let's
film today yeah you have you have like
we'll say 20 seconds to score on sways
all right over there
you got to get them back on you get it
Oh squirt excuse me comrade tensing
check it out
yes God that started me okay
hint at what we're doing my legs
Shinto or my Gucci pants I think you're
the one that's not the victim here look
at this
oh yeah I'm dying guys there's a lot of
injuries in this video Candace why do
every video we have to deal with 12
injuries I'm injured after that video
guys it's only 11 o'clock I've never
been so tired I think I've filmed like
six videos today including this vlog but
now Ryan has me in his typical Ryan
chair with this this is like the YouTube
setup this is your Ryan's way starter
pack you don't even need a lamp you just
need that and guys honestly I'm gonna
win this video your own oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god I just come home
the dogs got groomed today remember I
said that look at how cute Wolfie is
whoopee come show the camera
come show okay one at a time you guys
are too hyper hold on can you sit Prince
and oh you guys group do you some cute
Prince look at Prince a look oh god you
guys are so cute Wolfie apparently they
got a bald spot behind wolfies head
where they mess you up right here you
hit your ear can I see the bald spot oh
you're so he's so fluffy he smells so
good though oh my prince I should go
they actually hooked up Prince Prince
action I love you hey
and Wolfie let's get a good look at you
oh you feel so soft guys I don't know
what they did to my dogs Wolfie is not
looking his best I can't lie to you
okay you can kiss me all you want but I
am happy to be at home with them you
guys are the only ones you love all the
time 24/7 so I gotta love them Sylvia's
filming downstairs so I get the dogs all
to myself you guys want to go in the hot
tub hot tub yes hot tub it no please
like nah I don't do that I'm too rich
and boozy for that imprint
you're not going downstairs are you
kidding me she's filming a video he's
not even hanging out with us you guys
don't want to hit with your dad Wow my
son's betrayed me what a sneak anyways
guys I'm literally chilling here let's
go see what Sylvia's doing let's go
bugger because I know she gets mad when
we interrupt her filming sessions
oh my mad fits perfectly is the stuff
underneath that I bought two for extra
grip
yo this does not budge I'm East so so
now when we go out in the hot tub which
you guys are definitely not going there
because it's too cold for you which I'm
gonna do in a second when we come inside
we're not gonna slip on our face because
me and home arms broker fuck here we go
guys are you filming yo you're only look
good from the leaf stuff hey go away
did you like my map that I picked up and
the stuff I got for no-slip yep how long
tell you there on the hot tub how long I
already ate come on boys come on Briggs
told you that good boy will be let's
later film let's go come on oh now you
listen now you listen snakes come on
yo Loki a couple of vlogs ago I was not
reading my hair because everyone said it
look Philip porcupine book Real Talk
if we just take a minute and look at the
hair progression it's kind of a wave
when I messed it around a bit and it's
like actually going in a billion
directions and not one direction no Zayn
Malik dog friggin wavy that's all I'm
saying guys I don't follow trends
actually my youtube channel kind of does
follow trends I also set trends my
fashion I'm a fashion icon oh you want
swag come to Wolfie I walk like this and
I'm cocky yo you want swag what come
smoke yo let's get it dog nah but for
real
this hairs kuwaiti I don't care what
anyone says roast me all you want in the
comments
just get me comments get me engagement
well all I'm telling you guys is when
this hair catches on no one's doing
these small twists okay actually people
have done it I'm definitely late on the
train never mind forget what I said oh
yeah sure yeah try go in the hot tub
hurry
hurry up right now
Charlie long hot tub alright guys in
little amigo beauty guru you find diva
lights randomly throughout your house
you also find absurd amounts of free
makeup supplies throughout your house
you also find giant Forks throughout
your house she even cook spaghetti for
dinner real MVP throughout your house
but I actually hate you also find some
goals pics throughout yes you find keys
with fluff balls on them right your
house you find TV shows that I don't
know because I don't watch too much
Netflix throughout your house whoever
can comment the name of this TV show
below this is the hint you get it might
be Empire I played myself throughout
your house as you guys can tell I'm
bored of just waiting to go in the hot
tub anyways guys I think I'm gonna end
the vlog off there because Sylvia's
taking her sweet friggin time your boy
is exhausted I've been waking up late so
me and her are gonna go in the hot tub
for a bit in the absolute freezing
follow me on snapchat to see what pops
in this and tub freaky shit yeah you
know what it is my snapchat code is
right here or you can just add me by
adding wolfy raps over the wolf emoji
because your boy is verified what do you
mean wolf emoji all day hurry and add
you boy hit the like button if you
haven't already let's hit 35 thousand
likes on this vlog get ready for
tomorrow's vlog because I have a super
big surprise in it for y'all we are
going to be reliving the past if you
know what I mean and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and if you repeat the outro with
me you're the realest wolf am I in love
you see you soon
tomorrow I already know where I am
anymore peace
