good morning AOS kiddush apart wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy we are back
at the Greyhound station your boy Ryan's
leaving it's early as my eyes
aren't even fully open yet but I gotta
drive this man early morning so you can
catch his bus so see you buddy we'll see
you soon expect Ryan back in a month
I never leaves a long one what that's
the max and I'm back home where's the
dog doo ah you ready you ready to wake
up you're ready I see you yeah yeah
buddy hey wolfy Junior is awake early
wakes up early and it's just like yo
let's do all right was gone I know
your mom sleeping got my buddy in the
morning hey what are you doing by
already tired wolfy Junior out this guy
is napping well you were napping until I
move my arm buddy you were napping don't
act like you didn't in the corner
over there okay I see your poop this guy
pooped in the corner with a Stig he went
pee perfectly on his pad and then he
went poop in the corner what he's just
like your dad just give me your arm to
lay on look at this this is a cutest
look in the world guys okay he wants to
bite my nose now you're biting my camera
okay I'm coming back to bed come back to
bed stop no don't get hyper I know
you're too cute these are literally the
definition of puppy-dog eyes guys
puppy-dog eyes
right there he's like why did you leave
me I was so comfy but yeah I'm gonna
start to edit my vlog it's still pretty
damn early I'm gonna bring wolfy jr.
back to bed so Sylvia can cuddle with
them so you can actually have a cuddle
buddy because you're being a baby and
then I'm pretty sure today is the day
I'm finally gonna finish my DIY that
I've been working on for friggin days
also I'm pretty much done setting up my
other DIY so like I said I'm working on
two DIYs simultaneously never do that
okay if you're youtuber an up-and-coming
youtuber doesn't matter just don't do
two DIYs at once especially ones that
are really hard cuz they stress you out
oh my god hi guys so part way through
editing my blog but before I could do
the rest of the vlog I had to do the
rest of my DIY I put it this way you
guys are definitely gonna want to see it
on my main channel this is a sneak peek
of what happened okay I'm not gonna show
you any more than that now is the worst
part I got to do more cleaning up which
sucks because I've done so much in the
past few days I mean there's a huge mess
behind this light okay guys you don't
want to see it but it's awesome because
now I can focus on the one guy that I've
been working on now I don't have to on
the plate got one we got this
before I leave the house I gotta shave
this moustaches yeah go almost done
bless forget to go back guys we're at
shopper's pray for me please please
please tell me they have saw my computer
supplies that's all I want okay guys I'm
not sure what this is I'm pretty sure it
has nothing to do with my computer
it feels mad squishy and I've ordered a
bunch of stuff recently so this could be
anything to be honest as soon as I get
the car I'm opening it though because I
just want to know what it is
squishy is help anyways Sylvia is
shopping for her supplies and Shoppers
Drug Mart give a few destinations to go
today many destinations actually you
have like three different mail stores to
go to today so these ordering mad stuff
I'm ordering my stuff and everything's
coming in at the same time why is this
the creepiest mask of everything in my
life
oh my god saying I should have used this
pumpkin this thing's been alright trying
to figure out what's inside of this damn
bag here we go unbox god what these
might be the Jumbo beads these might be
the Jumbo Orbeez hold up it doesn't say
what the hair doesn't say anymore just
say any why he's so shady these
are bees are already like bigger than
the Orbeez that I that I used on the
last couple vlogs like remember those
small Orbeez that started that like bead
size these ones start at I guess like
the end size of the other one nice full
size and then I'm pretty sure these one
should get to this big well like
something like as big as your hand so
I'm excited to try these out I'm gonna
put them in as soon as I get home in the
bath ever the sink the sink huh it might
have to be a bathtub thing we'll see
these get massive I hope these
are actually them like no label but
there's a couple clear ones I couldn't
find like the all clear ones but there
is like a few actual clear ones in there
this is squishy
so Sylvia's been in FedEx for like five
minutes a thrombo to go in and get this
girl as you guys can see your boy is in
reserved parking okay reserved parking
we're not in no guest parking across the
street because I'm a bad-ass
what is the point of going in guest
parking when you can sit in reserved
parking by the fact this whole parking
lot this whole side of cars should be
reserved for your boy will anyways let's
play a game let's guess how many boxes
Sylvia comes out with I don't know how
many she's gonna get today I'm gonna
guess she's gonna come up with like
three mediums
sighs boxes leave a comment down below
do you think she's going to come up with
three four - maybe just one box today
this girl is always ordering stuff
online like makeup supplies stuff for
her like Beauty room or offices I would
call it so I'm gonna guess there's gonna
be three medium sized boxes and they're
gonna all be filled with makeup stuff
that's my guest let's see when she comes
out slash eat on this hole crane your
boy is scared of heights I don't know
how those guys do it I'm sure you guys
have all seen those videos by now those
friggin crazy Russian guys that like
climb cranes climb like the highest
buildings with no rappel no wrote
nothing these guys are savages but your
boy can't even dive off the highest not
even the medium diving board bring it
bull that's how scared of heights I am
Oh what do we got Shelby is back how
many boxes - two boxes okay I got it
wrong but one of them's medium-sized
ones kind of small that was close enough
what's in the box
makeup stuff makeup stuff see I got that
right here and here okay I got that part
right
trying to find this nasal stuff to put
up your nose because ever since I moved
into the new house the inside of my nose
has been super dry so I don't know
exactly what it is if it's like a spray
or like a cream or something but right
now I'm in the drugstore just waiting
for Sylvia to pick up her packages so
hopefully I have time to find it this is
a mist there's more mists this is a
lubricating mist look at this baby space
on this friggin package it's so happy to
get up it's dolls Hey bless I think
I found it
this might be the only gel okay this is
it number one selling nasal lubricant in
Canada and this is a Joe we did we did
it guys today is a good day I even found
lint rollers here all right guys it is
time you know what these little
beads all right we got the big beads now
we don't need these invisible ones
because we got invisible ones in these
packages this is how much dedication I'm
about to put towards these we're gonna
shower in the guest shower okay I have
yet to shower in this washroom yet but
you know what we're gonna have to use it
because the tub actually do I need to
use the tub yeah
you block the water please screw it
we're using the tub we are gonna put
these in the tub because apparently
these things get massive and I want to
see how big they can get so Wolfie
okay guys through the bath I got
something better this is where I keep
some of my fan mail but we're gonna be
using this because it's a giant bucket
and I think a lot of water can fit in
this thing so alright let me open one of
these packages here we go boom smell
test they smell like not fake or test
here we go
are they bouncy they're not bouncing at
all I thought they would be bouncy cuz
the other balls that I have up there are
bouncy so let's get the last one out
okay the green one does not want to go
the green one doesn't want to go okay
there we go
I'm so excited to see how big these get
oh my god you guys have no idea a last
little red one in the corner come on
come on
yay yeah now let's fill it up with some
water put it down in here turn it on and
let's just fill it up now I want you
guys to just pay attention okay what the
hell there's a heart in there what is
his heart thing oh this muscle is from
one of my piece of fan mail looks like
what but like I was saying I want you
guys to pay attention to how colorful
these things are cuz I'm pretty sure
when they get bigger obviously they're
gonna get a lot more diluted so they're
gonna be a lot more clear and
see-through so just check out how orange
that is how red that is how yellow that
is cuz it's not gonna be like that when
they actually fill to their full
potential I'll give you one more look
BAM
notice how you can kind of stuff you the
clear ones there's one there there's one
there you shouldn't be able to see them
when we're done
hey stay away from my balls alright guys
so I'm going to leave them in the room
this is one last look okay you're biting
the camera now you're writing the camera
you want attention I know come here
career rose me anyways guys this is one
last step that's what it looks like
Mandy now I'm gonna go home for a bit
I'm gonna talk to my mom we have a bunch
of stuff to talk about so I'm gonna go
home talk to her talk to my dad and then
come back here later I think so he's
having a few friends over tonight so
yeah she doesn't have friends when I get
back tonight we will see how big they've
gotten I'm pretty sure these ones take
like two to three days to grow to their
full potential so I'm gonna just let
them sit in the corner of my room until
they stop growing I guess so guys I got
to my house my parents just had to go to
the gym for a bit you talk business for
a bit we made some moves and now I'm
gonna go up to my old room and edit my
vlog because I can't be wandering around
with this little dog hey Wolfie don't
you go eat that cat food your snake why
do you love the cat food so much no no
no he loves the cat food this guy loves
the cat food I'm going upstairs to edit
in my older room because I don't want
Wolfie to accidentally slip and fall
down those stairs over there he ain't as
nimble as you Cleo he ain't as nimble as
you right good girl Cleo meeting it
Wolfie like so mad living the perfect
amount of stuff was left in this room
for walking there was a pee pad and a
dish already there one of his favorite
bones for your boy Wolfie Junior there's
a garbage in case I need to throw out
anything and then I brought his food
here so I just put it in the bowl and he
has mad space to go kick back while I
edit ass we had to relocate editing
spots because Wolfie jr. is passing out
so I gotta give this guy a comfy spot
Hey
come here over here pass out pass out go
to sleep good boy I'm just gonna give
you guys a sneak peek of this thumbnail
all you can see is this just no but I'm
thumbnail God and I made it look a
little better than I was looking before
put it that way but guys silly oh
my cat is beefing Wolfie junior punk top
Jackson this why you guys don't see much
of Jackson because he's a bit of a
scaredy-cat literally Wolfie jr. punked
you off and you're 15 years old
Jackson how do you feel anyway Sylvia is
coming to get me she was just out for
dinner with her friends but before I go
my mom's gonna show me a card trick she
has one chance if she fails if you
succeed then they'll follow you on
twitter if you fail then you fail and I
won't put your Twitter card trick where
you get one chance
I've been done this card trick in about
10 years yeah but I know how to do it
kind of and I've done it on a billion
people and scared the out of them
so if you can do it well if you can't do
it
might have to pick up from where you
film yeah you can try no I actually
don't pretend this is a your first magic
show you got a talk picker pretty hidden
magician magic trick guys this is what
you can expect when one mom takes the
camera to vlog for the day
magic tricks cleaning the kitty litter I
do riding a bike any bike okay you don't
need a shuffle like six billion times
ready yep okay so this is a regular deck
of cards guys I'm not gonna cut the
footage at all here regular deck of
cards okay it's a regular deck of cards
we shuffled it a lot and then what okay
yeah first thing we're gonna do is
you're gonna tell me when to stop
they're here yeah okay okay we're gonna
like this yep three cards six cards okay
okay yep like this I'm going to show you
card right now mm-hmm
you're gonna remember this card and you
don't know this card I don't know you
ready sure okay hey whoa whoa yeah I got
it you're going into the deck and then
the decks going over to you and you're
gonna shuffle it I'm gonna shuffle it
okay blast aah yeah blog me blog me
shuffling today I like to do this side
this shuffle shuffle that's a messy
sometimes don't lose any cards no no no
we're good don't worry just the typical
this one I'm not shuffle good make sure
that it's all mixed up maybe some of
this Charles don't lose any the card ok
ok ok pick all the cards up and give it
back to me now that you shuffled it ok
you take this back there we go okay no
cuts this is not fake I'm gonna look in
the stack of cards
see if I can find your card okay
Shh you tape your turns a lot of
concentration take your time
this requires log you're not good with
the slate of hand I'll tell you that
stop
magicians need to be good with the
sleight of hand okay so ready yeah hey
hey today is this your card no it's not
no it's not good okay so I'm gonna put
that card down and this one on top you
ready this has got to be your card
all right Shirley how many chances do
you get okay no no just go down this one
on top again thanks six chances okay six
chances this your card nope you're sure
mmm-hmm yeah I'm sure put this one down
this one on top this your card two of
clubs now this way down that's it on top
I have two more no whoops
put this one down I just want to talk is
this your card uh nope
you're sure mmm positive damn I garden
this so I don't need this anymore so
your card is not here not correct not
not here so we're gonna go pick these
all up we're gonna make sure your car is
not in these six ready we're gonna just
carry on this could be a plum okay good
is it no no no I'm sorry yeah sure
you're positive it's um picked up it so
I'm gonna put that one down wait what
here do you put that one down
yeah you ready yeah this checking's is
it no you sure
yeah that's not my kid okay what the
 is that
this is this no we're just checking
is this there no this one down that's on
the dogs this it nah so that's not it
this is it
what is it no so your card is definitely
not here correct
no you make a fist make a fist
yeah like this yeah I know this one
you're gonna hold it but not too tight
okay okay okay like over here okay not
underneath you got to put lip you can't
put that yeah okay so it's not too tight
hold it though like I'm holding it tight
lots of time holding it you ready yeah
wait check that
that it yeah yes how did you
I forgot how that trick worked no tell
you what do you mean what that is my
cards she got the card guys it was King
of Hearts the best thing will get hurts
the best trick might my uncle Matt he
taught me on you told me don't ever tell
anybody the secret to that trick Oh
grandpa taught me a grandpa yeah I know
it well every time you put the card down
actually no I'm not gonna say anything
I'm not gonna say anything guys I hope
you saw the whole trick if you don't see
it if you believe it whatever no it's a
real trick real trick it's a real simple
card trick you can learn it in like five
minutes
I learned invite your friends and you'll
be amazed so explaining explaining it
it's magic
finally magic Turing I know well done
alright so here's my mom's Twitter the
fir files go follow her oh good no no
just Twitter what there's some fakes out
there better that slid in Ryan's DMS
what you have imposters your fake
account on Twitter people arts the FIR
files
yeah they slid in Ryan's DMZ said hey
Ryan what good look at your Twitter look
it's Ritter just say hey Ryan
Reno wasn't me cuz you only has like 20
followers yeah I could have been yo
wasn't me me and wolfy jr. just got
picked up he's resting on his mom's lap
and we are going back to the crib ah ha
his mind was blown after seeing my mom's
magic trick so we gotta go back to the
crib so guys I just got home and look at
these balls already they're way more
clear than they were before and this is
how big they're okay they look like
little brains they're getting these oh
my god I cannot wait I can't wait is
there a clear one we are the clear ones
please tell me the clear ones are
actually invisible oh that's a clear one
okay bless that's a clear one right
there
they got little ridges in them as you
guys can see they're not circular like
the other ones so this is just the
beginning guys this is just
the beginning these Orbeez are literally
they should at least what they said
uneven or whatever the out of the
problem I think I got them from eBay
they should be as big as my palm so that
would be amazing alright guys so we just
finished watching some scary movie we
watched a movie I think was called goat
it was about fraternities what oh why
did I say scary we were gonna watch a
scary movie it wasn't really scary it's
just a realistic movie was called goat
it had Nick Jonas in it I'm sorry for
spoiling this but there was no point to
the whole movie like I don't know what
the conclusion was so I'm cheesed I hate
movies like that but it is 2:30 in the
morning so I'm gonna end the vlog off
there I hope you guys enjoyed I'm gonna
make my mom drop a vlog soon so stay
tuned for that so on not know go down
and hit the like button if you guys
enjoy the vlog let's hit 25 thousand
likes on this mother funky Bob you feel
me wolf and let's go let's get it all my
active wolf em where you at no go down
and smash that like button also if you
made it to the very end of the blog I
want you guys to come some down below
comment some down below so I know you
made it to the end of the vlog so
comment down below brush your teeth cuz
I just brush my teeth I feel
glistening I'm shiny I'm feeling nice
right now anyways again I hope you guys
enjoyed and that is it for today's vlog
I will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
in my main channel and as always stay
savage Lego
