good morning a yo it's getting super
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy it is a
lovely lovely day I don't even know what
day it is I think it's Wednesday is it
Wednesday
yeah it's Wednesday I'm continuing on
with my DIY that was failing
yesterday it is doing better today okay
it's doing better today we're on a roll
it's taking way longer than I expected
but we are making progress I can see the
progress Ryan was supposed to leave
today but he couldn't find any buses
today so he's leaving tomorrow morning
so I'm gonna force this kid to film one
of my videos for me on another positive
note guys we freed Maddie B everyone
knows Maddie B wraps the man the
myth the legend the dude is officially
free this guy was locked up in the
office at again detention so I made all
the Wolfe M tweet out free Maddie B
wraps because we got to free the dude we
got to free the homie and he is free and
he showed love back to me this guy's
like shout out wolf for your abs for
standing with me it wasn't my fault
hashtag free Maddie B so guys Maddie V
is free honesty's Bobby shmurda is next
so we got a free Bobby next alright guys
so before I go anywhere I have to unclog
the toilet not from a okay let's
use this plunger for the first time ever
look at this you pull it out and then it
closes anyways it's not from poop it's
not from anything like that it's
literally just this big friggin piece of
paper towel that I put there yesterday
because yesterday we found our first
spider in this house it was honestly
like pretty big like this big so
I tried killing it on the wall with a
bit of paper towel first and then it
moved and almost jumped on me so I got
way more paper towel attacked it and
then tried throwing it out so I could
flush it down the toilet so I could
drown the spider but it clogged the
toilet so we are going to have to unclog
the toilet so when your I plug in a
toilet you just want to push down a
couple I'm doing it with my left I've
been blogging this is like the worst
possible a dialog a toilet okay wrists
work wrists work now we're going to
flush the toilet
all right so as you can see guys still
clogged we made a mess so we're just
gonna keep repeating that wrist motion
these spiders are doing this to me
man whoo
I'm clogged there we go
you got a clean toilet run run and put
it back in its foot ma'am Donna simple
simple simple next step before I leave I
forgot that I ordered these crystal
Orbeez and these came in the mail to my
old house yesterday so these are I'm
pretty sure just the clear ones like all
those dope ones that I was playing with
the other day they're just the clear
ones so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to grab this big pot because why
not
and fill it up with some water throw
some of the Orbeez in and then screw
around with them because honestly I
didn't expect to get the multicolored
ones and then be able to pick out the
clear ones so easily so I ordered
multiple packs just in case and here we
go you know how much these grow but
don't worry I have the Jumbo ones coming
they're coming so hold up sprinkle them
all in got them down there a couple more
so that's every last one we can throw
this out put in a little more water and
then leave that so now I got to go get
Ryan pick up something for Sylvia with
her slip and then go get I just got to
the boys house we're about to go on a
few errands these moms are about to film
a FIFA video but I didn't want to play
because honestly I'm too good at FIFA 17
but the problem is if I play them then
it's just going to be unfair forever so
I'm letting them play and there's no
more chocolate one chocolate anymore
Chuck here
I'm cheese there's no more choc I wanted
to write something on the board Oz
Ryan's coming with me
this guy doesn't have a car or a g1 but
that's none of my business it's coming
soon coming soon
I need ug you need your half G like look
at the driving book drive we're gonna
get that in Sean if you move up but yeah
look at this these guys are showing it
struggling skills just one of these Oh
one of those in your uh okay anymore he
was like I'm gonna do this may pass oh I
could have been like really some
juggling flick up ooh
around the world that's dirty
who's man oh here anyways guys
we're going right now so let's get it
guys this is what's going on up that
buys today those pepper wings or Ryan
and Bongo are savages they just saw the
sign in that I go let's do a challenge
with these wings that's like what it's
like living with a youtuber being with
youtubers you can make a challenge out
of anything so these guys are about to
eat some ghost pepper wings me I'm not
about that like you guys know I don't
like the spiciness I'm getting myself
I'm getting myself I'm getting Silvius
up stay in the with these ghosts
before ways for sure that's all I know
but shout out to Popeyes for are being
savage I'm gonna give you guys a little
fast food hackathons when the cookies
are broken at Subway you get them for
free I'm so it's fake this thing then
you can get them for free so that's my
like old life hack shake this thing by
accident bump into it and then cookies
get broken and then you get it for free
I want to grab a water for myself
because I will see I think I'm gonna
grab a water but this one's tempting me
cuz I know DJ would really want this one
so I don't know which one to get yet I
don't know which one I think I'm gonna
get the water though sorry DJ alright
guys so I'm filming a video for Bongo
and Ryan the snakes they're making me
use my camera because you guys know
Ryan's audio sounds like he's 72 if No
I'm letting him use it out we're using
Ryan's bed as the human sleep Cynthia so
how does that camera makes it a lighter
bro I can see the Rope yeah IR oh I
can't see it stops nicely makes its own
light like that and I can make it
brighter check this out yeah I need to
change the money you're gonna get over
here stop this and I turn them is so
shallow how organize them so here sir
Ryan's been staying here we got my
clothes like this or I enjoy staying in
this corner back here behind that dumb
bear slaughters room underneath the
stairs when I heard there's been a few
murders in this sink but uh yeah no no
that's not right let me show you right
oh yeah show me Ryan's room oh yeah Oh
Charlie it's like 60 risers in here doh
word right in tonight's room oh yeah
that's right him anyways guys and went
out to stop filming for a second you'll
see me in two seconds anyways but I got
a film Ryan's video for him because he
doesn't want to use this camera if I can
sink this shot then all that Ryan use my
cam if I don't sink the shot then I
won't let him use the cam all right
right Kay's the cab yeah ooh there you
go Ryan you can use it yo you behind the
backward-looking
okay damn good ah
I'll hit one more shot for you guys all
right here we go hold up at the ball
look at this gaming setup first of all
these Mons have the same setup as me
same computer red blue DJ's getting
purple
I think purple or maybe yellow let me
hit a swish real quick all right
that's my mask oh nice Canyon
okay guys so I'm gonna prank them I
don't know whose this is Shawn's check
this out one one prank you go subscribe
yeah take the guard guys I have the ammo
still oh there's bullets guys save
me hey Dad you kill em I got him now I
got ya I need the gun I get your vote
you Charlie you we got the gun
we're dead right coming down ambush from
the sides I'm gonna hide in this side
room guys yo Charlie the last week I
just get it an easy look ha ha ha
you scare them from around the corner
and then I'll smoke them alright guys
here we go
I'm out of bullets you're lucky headshot
you're lucky Ryan collabing come on yo
respect on my name I'm ready
Jill what's up you're using your hands
darkness making ah what a long drive the
steadiest hand in the leak guys so I'm
partway through filming their video did
a troll I might have gone a little too
far that's all you can see well let's
get back to filming something on finger
pads alright guys so this is what I came
after the video Ryan didn't finish the
wings that's what they look like why the
seeds make sure you check the xposed nah
they'd some up hot peppers Bongo
and Ryan ate the most disgusting hot
sauce in the world they're trying to
join the hot sauce way
see look at how hot this is it looks
like hot oh it's cuz it's hot
anyways my turn now so I'm going home to
film the rest of my DIY it's been two
days I've waited two days as the long as
I've waited in between DIY shoots to
make sure that it works
caught it no you didn't yeah I know you
did it oh yeah I did okay yeah I know he
did a shot me you're right now look out
of here you catch it I caught it let's
go okay guys so I just got home I'm
about to film the rest of my DIY video
but I'm assuming the balls are in here
because they were visible and now
they're invisible so we got the Orbeez
back in action let's see put my hand in
there here guys round two hopefully
these ones can get a little bigger than
the other ones but this is still dope as
hell
it blows online every time I touch this
right you see these see these are you a
more wolfy viewer oh yes
yeah you know the clear ones how many
Orbeez are in there stop oh I can see
them kind of yeah kind of in this one
but if it was in the clear thing that's
insane or nothing in my hand clear
psych when's your beavin coming worries
are back I don't know I'm doing
jambalaya
i order jumbled Orbeez guys you guys
know that you visit just the liquor once
I don't know you see no Arby's
no or Peas where is it whoa Rose mad
were bees in here I'm so cool you can
see them and see them you can see the
mad in this compared to the clear one
when you put them in a clear container
this isn't oh geez Oh feeling guys
who filled it open yeah okay time to
film the rest of my DIY video guys this
is a little bit of behind the scenes of
what has happened on my channel thank
you I'm not gonna say anything
it went extremely successful though
that's all you need to know what
extremely successful always feels so
good ryan's touching jello it feels so
good guys on a positive note when you
have a mess in your kitchen like this it
doesn't hurt to make more of a mess so
you can just dab it Mike who else can do
that in their kitchen and not worry
about the business
better than that of ASA yes ago anything
funny just say something funny Sonya
your face alright guys so I'm not even
gonna lie I've been cleaning for the
past like 30 damn minutes a DIY has
never gone this way for me honestly I
was just about to give up and then God
just talked to me for a second he's like
no I won't you got this
Harambee even came down to it gave me a
bunch of motivational words this guy's
like just push through it just clean up
you're gonna get everything done so now
I don't really know how to describe it
other than you guys know when you buy
like a new iPhone and if you don't buy
an iPhone then I guess you won't
understand this you buy a new iPhone
when you open the case it just perfectly
fits Apple designed it so the cases fit
perfectly sounds like a sponsorship for
Apple it's not a sponsorship for Apple
but the case fits over the iPhone so
perfectly that all you hear is just like
a little bit of air when you open up the
case for the first time I can't describe
it other than that that's exactly the
situation I'm in right now everything is
fitting perfectly like the amount of
water I used in the DIY is fitting
perfectly there's just enough freezer
space it's coming together I thought it
was all gonna fall apart but we pushed
through it wolf and we got this we don't
give up never give up on your dreams so
guys I'm in the car right now
Ryan has a pumpkin on his lap with my
jello in it this is not sibling boss but
I don't know it is good he's helping me
out because my DIYs not going according
to plan and when it doesn't go according
to plan you got a Brock up some
 I'm breaking okay that's the
only way I know how to get on my anger
I'm going home to grab a bat and then
we're gonna go this pumpkin up
don't mind if I do
I'll take this farm grocery shopping and
Silvia just texted me this cool trick
that you can try barely you can make
bubbles that are unpoppable or some
like that
so I'm about to go get all the supplies
while I'm at the grocery store so I'm
already here this makes it way easier on
me so I'll pick up all the supplies and
then test it out when I get back I can't
find what I need in this pretty
okay Bissell I need a certain kind of
dish soap
gone not done let me agree value ting
sunlight Don
this might be an absolute flop so
apparently you're supposed to use joy
dish soap but I just looked it up
obviously I've heard of it but I'm
pretty sure it's an American brand so I
looked up something on Google Walmart
dot CA sells something joy I don't know
they sell some joy things so I don't
know exactly what it is but I guess I'm
just gonna have to go with dawn or
something yeah I don't know what I'm
going with you at the last supply I
should need should be around here I
think this is where you buy bubbles in
the craft section if not then I'm very
lost
I wear the bottom and Walmart so we got
glue a bunch of different options okay
guys so I think I have everything I need
for these unpoppable bubbles basically I
went to every store and because
it's too late I couldn't find the bubble
blowers the bubble wands whatever you
call them so I picked up these glow
sticks because they are a circular shape
and honestly if you dip them in the
bubble mixture and then blow through it
it should make a bubble yeah that's me
youtube.com slash Soviet youtube.com
sign over your apps that's not giving
your URL
these are unpoppable bowls 6 cups of
water do we have any cups yes that's
behind you right there in all the
cupboard 1 cup 2 cup
break up Thanks
war Cup this is the easiest freakin DIY
I've ever done to be honest after all
this dress it's a five markups that is
easy it surprise are all the stress
that I've had in the past some of the
other wives I could use something like
pretty easy like this
it's a Pinterest hack that didn't make
the cut for my Pinterest tags I can use
it one cup of corn syrup
I bought that to hold on this stuff is
thick and brown and just kind of gross
one cup damn this have a stick look at
that going to the water day you better
not blow these bubbles in the house it
is so stable look at the water as you
put this stuff into the water it just
goes crazy and it's oozing around the
circle this is kind of cool do you see
this it's like coming out as a circle
that lasts without these two cups of
regular joy dish soap and because like I
said guys they don't have joy dish so I
got sunlight because this kind of looks
like the joy bottle I was going to get
done and then I was like suddenly should
work one cup well as the weirdest
friggin color and two cups two cups now
I'm going to grab a spoon big spoon and
just mix it up and then we are going to
attempt to blow these unpopular bubbles
it doesn't really say it just says life
hacks this what you do he's the Wiz
doesn't say how long you mix for it
doesn't say where you got blowed on if
their school friendly health friendly
allergy friendly doesn't say any rat so
yeah it's a Pinterest Hawk we're psychic
so you got a testing put it in okay
you're laughing at me when I bought
these glow sticks a artpop unpoppable
bubbles hey hey guys we're gonna keep
trying this till it works so right now I
got this spoon I'm using the spoon
instead
woo okay I'm just ready ready
Cannell and what the hell
yo-oh yo-oh you guys saw how big that
bubble is let's try and replicate that
100 unpopular I'm possible ooh I'm
possible confirmed it
Oh another bounce all right the probable
 this myth
you guys saw two hundred three fat two
out of like six hundred times work they
were on home yo wolf em I need you to
put something to rest right now because
Ryan's teasing me with what he's saying
right now there's a deal at McDonald's
after tenner know after eleven o'clock
there's like two Mickens for how much
other for five bucks to make chickens
for five bucks at McDonald's basically
in Canada we have these things called
jr. chickens I'm pretty sure correct me
if I'm wrong you guys don't have jr.
chickens because when we went to Florida
jr. chickens weren't a thing
it was Mick chicken and that's all you
have so they were pretty blessed but at
the same time in Canada we have jr.
chickens they're like the really really
cheap alternative that everyone gets
like a dollar 67 or some but
basically Ryan if you live in Canada I
want you guys to comment down below our
jr. chickens are mick chickens better
eliminate the price as a factor and just
take the taste not the size whatever
just the taste in my opinion I think jr.
chickens are better because I think they
have like more spice and like a Cajun
ish flavoring on them I don't know if
it's just salt and pepper I don't think
it is if they just have more spice and
more flavor and I think the mick
chickens are kind of dull and I don't
really taste like much they just charge
you extra because the bun is a little
bigger so let me know in the comments
down below if your jr. chicken team jr.
chicken or team McChicken I'm team jr.
chicken till I die all you broke people
know about that life okay we have this
run good to junior chickens but Ryan's a
broke dude
Danny's Mexican so it makes no sense
sylvie are you team G
yeah your team your team Fischer lay by
his lofty bungles see visually bug buggy
you loved your tartar sauce you guys
already know I'm back at it again with
my DIY I'm working on it it is under
progress right now it's been like the
fourth or third day in a row that I've
been working on it so it's looking a lot
better than it did the first day put it
that way so I think we might have a
successful DIY this is just like the
first half that I've been working on the
second half is pretty much easy as hell
so as long as I can get the first half
of it down everything should go smoothly
and I should be filming it all in I'd
say around 1 to 2 days are you ready for
my DIY ready fright DIY can't wait real
right all right guys I think I'm gonna
end the blog off there because I have to
drive Ryan to the training or note to
the bus early early early in the morning
tomorrow so I gotta get a good night's
rest otherwise I'm gonna be a walking
zombie but if you guys enjoyed the vlog
make sure to go down and smash that like
button let's hit 25
thousand likes ok if you haven't hit the
like button already ok I'm gonna give
you a couple seconds to go smash it
right now to three one five seven and
nine okay bless you smash like button
also if you guys went to the very end of
the vlog I want you guys to comment
something down below so I know you are
friggin loyal as subscribers loyal wolf
fam and I know you watch the vlogs the
whole way through so comment down below
you got this I don't want Goodluck DIY
Wolfie again tonight because I feel
really just pathetic about myself but
just comment you got this so I got some
motivation for the DIY and I continue to
push through it and I succeed
comment that down below and again I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more Saturday oh
you're sleepy Sam little more showers in
my main channel and as always stay
savage today go
