good morning al witness your boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie it is nice
and bright in this room I fucking love
these lights already we just gave Wolfie
jr. a shower so he is in the cuddly mood
this guy is freezing I'm warming him up
right now we have to give him a shower
because he is getting really dirty we
give my shower every few days I don't
know if we're supposed to do that but
this guy gets dirty easily so we got a
shower the boy I can't hear buddy I'm
here anyways right now I am editing a
video with Ryan a reaction video I have
not done one of these in a while but
this one's a bucket banger this one's
actually super fun to edit so I'm having
fun while editing this I'm gonna go home
soon and pick up some stuff cuz
apparently there's I don't know if it's
computer supplies or stuff for Silvia
that she just ordered to my mom's house
we're gonna go there in a bit as soon as
I decided to take a break from this
little edit but for now we just gotta
dry the dog off when you have no food in
your house so you're forced to have some
sausages and lettuce it's okay this is
one level above eating bread with ice
cubes on it like we are literally out of
groceries we need to go grocery shopping
we haven't had time to go yet but look
at this guys this is what I'm eating hot
today
I'm kind of cheese because I still
haven't been able to leave the house
today yet it's really nice out today
like as you guys see right now it's like
blue skies and everything ooh I want to
go outside so bad so I'm gonna grind
through the rest of this video Wolfie
come at it for me come in come at it for
me
come on edit all right bless so wolf is
gonna help me at it I mean are you gonna
home yet it are you gonna help me at it
no where yes yes or no where you going
okay he's gonna bite me it is late at
night already guys but I gotta go to the
mailbox and check my parents mailbox
because I need my computer parts and I
still have not gotten all of them in yet
so it's stressing me out I don't know
which mailbox it is or how to put the
key and I'm a noob to this all I know is
with all these clown sightings I better
not run into a damn clown tonight
because honestly I'm not terrified of
clowns but obviously if I see a clown in
public at nighttime it's going to be a
little scary I might have to knock it
the fuck out I'm dropping shit that's
what the clowns want me to do they want
me to drop shit so that they can get me
okay we're good we're good
hi guys doing a little bit of grocery
shopping in here getting some potatoes
and oranges honestly it's not a typical
grocery run it's mainly a video grocery
run i flopped on one of my videos and
no I can't stay flopped on my videos so
I will keep going out I will keep buying
supplies until I make sure that the
video goes flawlessly that's the way
it's got to go I'm also going to get a
little more gelatin just because Yolo I
used it all I wasn't supposed to
David mighta lied to me and said I
didn't need that much maybe he was
trolling but now I'm back in Loblaws and
I have to get more yo why Miley Cyrus
trying to hide so bad girls gzv this
girl looks like the old Miley Cyrus the
welds have put together by these ciders
ok guys so I'm at Walmart right now I
was just on Twitter and apparently in
our Walmart there's someone fucking
around in a clown mask I don't know who
it is but I'm searching for the person I
want to find out who this clown mask is
like an Optima coat so they should be
around here if anywhere on Twitter oh my
god ok I don't know who that is but look
at this so was at the end of the hall
trolling right now Skye's doing a cloud
bass Brian what'd you say your sleek
this guy's they can be this clown mask
you have the whole store scared bro you
have the whole store scared you lose
leave they walk my shoes yeah take your
clown mask off
I don't read this clown mask hunting
2016 bullshit ok guys so I'm just on
this lonely Ash Street I'm walking back
from Walmart right now I left my car the
boys house but I just ran to the
convenience store and honestly I don't
really rate this three because it's just
a long stretch in its darkest fuck and
your boys scared of the dark and and
there's a fucking clown here
really just standing here what the fuck
is going on
yo yo yo people why is out here
everywhere fair this is creepy as fuck
y'all I'm gone I'm gone I'm out I'm out
I'm out I'm out fam peace peace peace
holy shit what the fuck holy shit guys I
was scary as fuck I'm back in my car I
don't think I'm gonna leave my car I
might drive my car into the boys house
because that's how scared I am of
getting out of the car now so fuck that
anyways guys go down and smash that like
button or a fucking scary ass clown like
that is gonna show up at your front door
at your doorstep when you're sleeping
and we don't want that I don't want that
for you guys so go hit that like button
if you hit that good luck button it's
gonna act as a repellent it's gonna
scare all the demons all the clowns away
so they're not gonna come to your house
so I hope you guys have hit it if you
did then you're gonna have good luck and
no clowns are gonna come your way I so
the instructor simply button oh I hope
they spell your own name your name wrong
you're wrong him
I hope they spelled your name wrong why
didn't he send minds of his I know ro
the 30 K play back fight back boys whose
team likes all right this year's this is
all my video supplies time to head out
we're leaving the house now guys so we
paused the baseball game we're watching
a bit of the baseball game to watch the
streamys shout out to King bash for
hosting the streamys that's huge
hopefully next year I can win some type
of streaming I don't know maybe if they
have like x-rated youtuber of the year
they can pick your boy will feel that
little vest DUI channel that's DUI ride
women y'all is like I'm a little drunken
driver channel she doesn't in know DIY
but yeah next year guys we're gonna make
savage of the Year category and we are
gonna win that cuz I don't do a buck
there's mad youtubers that are on the
screen right now that I look up to but I
need to be there next door 100% guys
this game is insane right now Blue Jays
vs. the Ducks the Pelican Gulf Eagles
what what team is that the Orioles or oh
okay we're watching Orioles vs. Blue
Jays a little bit yeah or Eola it is the
sixth inning out of 20 so hopefully the
the Blue Jays bring it back in the third
period you're the Blue Jays for the
dankest touchdowns yeah they get nice
touchdowns and they're gonna come clutch
in the fourth quarter so it's all about
Bautista if not it's all about Randy
Randy Orton boy he's gonna come thready
Orfeo why my chest oh he's gonna Rocky
on the second half
hey do you even know it oh yeah already
biggest a ride name three players you're
from Toronto name three players on a
team Drummond Tulowitzki Jose Bautista
their hand or whatever positions what
position Stroman pitcher um - these
shorts off
Jose Bautista these third-base center
field center center mid yeah
oh no quarterback quarterback guys they
ordered pizza and didn't get me a single
thing honestly I wish I had better
friends but you know they know what's
best for me because they know I'm bad
Wolfie so they know I can't eat this
shit but it all looks nice like they got
wings pizza
holy crap even garlic dipping sauce if I
was eating us out love this but I'm not
eating it that's all for Ryan go where
where well if we do a trick what we do a
trick so guys I just got one for the
boys house right now what I'm going to
be doing I'm gonna be working on in
yesterday's vlog I mentioned that I was
trying to get a head start on one of my
upcoming DIY videos honestly I looked at
the progress today and it's a flop it's
a big fail so I'm trying to recover the
for the next little while before I go to
bed I'm gonna be working on that DIY
also I got a set up wolfies cage we
brought it back again today he just want
pee on his pad he seems to be what is on
your nose
he seems to know he has something on his
nose he seems to know where to go now so
like almost every time I'd say like 90%
of the time he goes beyond his pad which
is amazing because we don't even bring
him there he just walks to that one or
the one at the front door and goes by
himself so he's learning let's see what
we can make you do right now
come here Wolfie okay let's do it
you got one try sit sit down
almost wolfy there you go all right let
me break it up stay you got to stay ok
ok go good boy good boy
ok even the tricks are on fleek right
now you're getting old you're learning
how did you eat it all so quick what now
so guys I'm cutting up some potatoes and
I found one that looks like a boot this
looks so damn trippy I swear this has
like a tumor this potato has a tumor I
don't know if I want to cut it and use
it I might just have to use its brother
right there I'm busy over here grinding
slaving away Soviets making cookies and
waffles and Wolfie is having sex with
this bunny buddy you need to get your
balls chopped off you're too horny he
legit thrusts guys he thrusts all I can
say is find another house that is doing
exactly what we're doing at 2:07 in the
morning so we just took her cookies out
of the oven look how delicious these
things look oh my god amazing they smell
delicious too
also got my girlfriend doing some work
over here I just did some work like
there is a lot of work going down wolfy
stop peeing on your pee pad you're not
peeing on your Peapod this guy's ripping
up as pee pad at 2:07 in the morning
this is a the life of a youtuber welcome
your boy needs to figure out something
to do with these other damn Orbeez ok I
need to do something with them I don't
know what I'm gonna do with them yet but
comment down below what I should do with
these because I just have these sitting
in my room I also have more damn
supplies in my room that I need to get
using I still have yet to use this
shocking color guys I'm trying to use
the shot in color why the hell am I
talking about this shit it two in the
morning I don't know but I want to use
that very soon I just need to think of
like a creative way to use it in a video
so maybe if you guys want to comment
that down below too but yeah late night
thoughts I'm just looking at everything
in my friggin office my room whatever
you want to call it I call my office but
that's just my opinion I need to start
using some of the shit in my office so I
can clean the space like and buy more
stuff for my office because right now I
have too many bib supplies everywhere
alright guys so it is that time of the
night it's my bedtime it's 3:00 a.m. the
bed is calling my name it's so hot in
this house for some reason even though
I've turned the air conditioning on like
an hour ago it still seems to be
absolutely boiling so your boy is just
about to get butt-naked in bed and fuck
to pack some analog up there I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did do not forget to
go down and smash that like button ok
let's hit twenty five thousand lights
wolf em if you aren't active part of the
wolf em go down hit that like button you
have to ok blessed also if you guys made
it to the very end of the vlog I want
you guys to comment down below
good luck DIY Wolfie because right now
I'm at a little bit of a point where I'm
struggling with this DIY it's taking way
longer than it should take I don't know
if it's because I'm a flop I don't think
that's the reason I think that I've just
seen videos that have made it look way
easier than it actually is and it's not
that easy so comment good luck DIY wolf
eat down below so I can have all the
good luck I need and again that is it
for today's vlog I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savvy than my main
channel and as always they search
labelled
