good morning AOS give us your boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie we are at
Phoenix right now that's where we are
FedEx Silvia is picking up something
literally this is the weirdest FedEx
location it's in the middle of nowhere I
have no clue where the hell we are right
now but I've got some weird creature on
my chest I don't know if you guys have
ever seen one of these like hey hey
Wolfie Wolfie turn around look at the
camera
Wolfie right here this way yeah what are
you doing guys see what I mean just this
weird weird creature like I don't know
what this could be like a puppy a goat
or something like he kind of looks like
a llama
so okay he's kissing me anyways today is
a really good day because today we are
picking up those lights that have been
such a damn hassle it's Monday we can go
to the store we can grab the lights also
today is a really good day because I
think I'm doing another DIY video I just
got off the phone with Ryan and jad and
apparently they're not saying much so
they might have to film my video for me
because I think Sylvia wants to foam her
own video only get back so I don't think
she'll be able to film for me also today
we're gonna go to the PIO box because
you know I feel like there's more stuff
there but I hope everyone watching this
video is having a savage day you
already know what it is roast at least
20 people today if you're in class tell
your teacher that Wolfie said you could
do it okay if she says anything if he
says anything and you should be good
there's your mommy buddy your mommy's
back your mommy's back look look look
turn around oh there she is there she is
no no worries truck take your time man I
don't need to I don't need to go past
you just uh yeah take your time bro
Travis no just uh take your time man
let's get held up the whole street
alright guys so I just finished up in
Buchanan lighting Charlotte uh Buchanan
lighting they're nice as hell I
got the lights guys the four DS - lights
I know they're a little expensive but
these things are gonna light the hell up
out of my room so I'm excited I went in
there and the guys that like any wolfies
back apparently somebody from Toronto or
the Toronto location or some lighting
store told them about me and so they
found my video somehow and watch some
videos they're talking about the time I
bought Wolfie jr. they watched some of
the more Wolfie videos some of the
Wolfie raps videos so you're just having
like a dope chat about everything and
they said that that place down there is
not a prison even though it looks like a
prison because I said to add my vlog so
I apologize it is not a prison it's some
banking building but it looks like a
 prison okay anyways those dudes
in you and it is a small world so if you
guys are in Ottawa I'm not being paid to
see this is not a
motion but irate Buchanan lighting if
you guys want the dopest lighting come
here if you live in Ottawa and buy these
these lights back here so wolfy jr. just
puked on my video again he's puking
everywhere around great he puked on my
hand he's puking everywhere I think he's
a little carsick right now I think I had
Lysol wipes in the back and I do not
have Lysol wipes in the back so we're
out of luck
we are completely just in a
shitty position right now I'm chased so
we have no wipes we pulled over because
my hand the jet has crusty puke on it by
now
where did he puke he puked all over
Silvia and he's still puking oh my god
he's puking everywhere he's puking
everywhere
are you carsick do you have anything
nothing rub this off in the grass it's
the most you can do right now guys
things that used to car is Dennis stand
out wet last minute improvisation what
we're gonna do is grab one of these rags
and there is a puddle right there
so we're gonna grab this one it dip
it in this puddle where the water could
not be any dirtier it could not be any
good
alright we're not gonna we're not gonna
dip it in the puddle I would have dipped
it in the puddle guys I don't know
Wolfie juniors doing he's looking out
the window this guy is moaning and
groaning right now I swear he just got
instantly sick so Sylvia is running in a
Shoppers Drug Mart to go grab some baby
wipes and stuff so he can clean up clean
his mouth off and I think we're gonna
head home because I think he's car sick
or something I don't know exactly what's
going on but I've never seen him puke so
we're gonna go home and make sure he can
just lay down
so guys well Sylvia was getting the
stuff in Shoppers Drug Mart I picked up
Wolfie in this guy threw up everywhere
he threw up on my face you throw up all
over the car so he just spent the last
like 20 minutes cleaning but I picked
him up when he started throwing up he
started like shaking his red like this
so it just went everywhere so now I had
to do a little bit of a car wash but
we're gonna get him home right now so
time to take these lights out and put
them back in their box because we got
bigger bulbs coming and we don't want
these small lights anymore you feel me
let's get it so the question you guys
are asking is why use these old school
lights like these little eco lights when
you can use the big Mon light literally
twice the size oh my god I'm excited to
plug this bulb in this thing is massive
got two of them you throw up again okay
wolfy is sick 100% where so this is the
brains have been talking about the whole
time one light boom okay
just let that settle down the room is
already lit with one late but we we got
two lights in now so check this out
BAM look at that Layden guys this
lighting is phenomenal I'm nice
I'm not red anymore we got both lights
set up over there one strong there one
straw in there honestly I'm going to
give a third nod on me to third this is
amazing finally I'm happy with my lights
and I know they're not going to burn out
in 20 minutes like the other one those
20 hour life span looking at okay guys
so I'm gonna open some quick fan mail
before I go to the boys house because
I'm going to voice I was apparently
they're flying the drone I want to see
that DJ got a new drone so now DJ and
Sean have drones I need to get on that
way I need a nice knife wolfy please
nice movie not a butter knife the
sharpest one now it's too sure that's
too big for what I'm doing this one says
fragile handle with care so I'll be ok
scissors work steel scissor wolfy will
do for now I guess I will handle this
with care because it says the no-account
package so we'll just snip off okay
alright wolfy Jimmy's gonna keep that oh
we got a painting in here and a letter
so I will grab hey wolfy my name is
Kanan and I'm from Georgia in the States
I'm a huge fan and I've been watching
you since 30,000 subscribers I'm
subscribed to all of t-mobile every
night when you post your vlogs I am
enlightened by the words ayo what's good
so I decide to make you some thinner I
really hope you like it and if you want
you can put it on your wall or even your
desk and then you put a bunch of your
favorite quotes from Team albo on you so
4-digit says ally david's it says yo
subsidy it's your boy what's up ladies
and gentlemen chatter the Jay that's a
good editing snack and last but not
least wolfy every chef says that PS you
are by far my favorite youtuber
oh you made one of these crayon arts yo
these are dope hey yo what's
good and it's a crayon art I'm pretty
sure like you heat up the crayons and
then just let them drizzle down like
this but the artwork is like this so it
says a oh it's good and then the crayon
art
this is amazing thank you so much I will
hang this up oh my god it's really messy
though all right the next thing I got is
from Raffy and it says it's from Toronto
so shout to the six I was just there you
already know it feels honestly I'm not
gonna lie like a hat
so it's not a hat I'll be very surprised
but this is definitely definitely some
sort of hat if this is the hot for David
that says what does it say take it easy
I'll be dead because I just left it okay
it's red I don't think it is you'd be an
absolute savage if you already got that
oh let's go this is how you know I need
to start making my damn merch because it
says please shout out to FM promotions
okay bless Cherica FM promotions we got
a friggin wolfy hat wolfy hot from rappy
yo let's get it hashtag wolfy already no
large extra large flex fit actually I
might keep that sticker on for good luck
but wolfies got his own merch now okay
this isn't my merch but this is blessed
thank you so much Rafi I need to really
get on merch because my people just send
a rumor to this point hey let's get it
boys fresh now whoo okay guys so we're
going to Metro right now I got my free
drink cuz we stopped at the burrito
place I got the boys with me I think I'm
gonna buy DJ sriracha for the house
because I'm the real sriracha God and
they don't have sriracha there and I
bought a filmer how's it going man
behind the scene of a vlog I like tennis
in his blood like I was saying we're
getting sriracha we're getting sriracha
I ran into someone sorry about that guys
this is a sign there's one sriracha
bottle left and I'm buying it for their
house nice guy we'll be honest here you
go oh thanks oh no no problem and it
looks pretty Jay not you know that like
you know the thing about me buying it is
Ryan actually owes me ten bucks so
you're buying it so you played yourself
you hate sriracha talk again guys
this is DIY and action right now forget
this we don't just do this for the cans
no jad is actually for the big one you
made in his last video little promo
would you know my last video yeah cheese
chicken
DIY Cheetos chicken and everybody likes
it so much that jobs doing it again
Wow so this is not just for the cam guys
this is real life okay don't change do
all this what I was gonna say that you
owe me a soda cuz you look like me
I'll show you guys with the finished
product looks like this is a where's the
finished product
um points to why it's not finished but
I'll show you guys what let's say what
when it's finished so god what is this
his Cheetos and chicken yeah I'll be
your deep fried genomes jalapeno chicken
all right loud rom will the job a loo
good compliments crap
I won't go far I've use more Italian
boys mmm this is delicious guys well
this DIY I make this goof you jump off
the couch buddy show me you can do it
easy charlie
so guys we're back in my house I'm about
to film I have another video I want to
fill in a few days but it takes multiple
days preparation for that video so I
have some supplies out here for the
first video and I'm gonna get started on
the second video I just waiting for
Sylvia to finish cooking but you got a
pre plan for this okay you got a
pre plan and you gotta you got to get
the dog to throw up on your face
give him a kiss telling him lick you oh
oh yeah this is really good lady this is
the last little girl umbrella just toss
on a little more face just a little bit
in yeah yeah a dove hat I love that
that's what the lady one second yeah
okay guys so I'm part way through my
video I have some supplies here supplies
a supplies their supplies everywhere but
I went in my fridge to move some stuff
over so I would have room for my video
and I found these chicken by ourselves
do you mind the scary guy
I have some chicken fingers that are
completely rotten yes you are
I'll pay you 10 be none there's actually
mold on chambers that should be the
title
moldy chicken that's a Ryan title I
can't believe it so let me look they are
possible to go back Oh cuz the bread oh
yeah bread
so those gotta go it's the bread theory
say again the bread effects the bread
the bread effect and these noodles I
kind of greasy now they've been there
for so long I do not trust putting those
on my body selling I'm the clean I got a
bunch of dishes in front of me you
already know what it is is like queen of
everything Britta bro you know this
house guys the night would not be
complete without me editing in my car
well not really editing
like are exporting my video on my car
because I was afraid that I could not
carry Sylvia's vanilla cone because I
have too much stuff in my hands right
now I got our ice cream sundae so it'll
have to do
I was just at the voice I was honestly I
have a problem I need to vlog more when
I get to the frigging voice I was like I
always just go there and sit and just
kick it and never vlog anything so
that's my goal
that's gonna be like my new year's
resolution and some blog more when
I go to the boys I gotta get that done
Sylvia didn't around with her ice
cream I see and popcorn I'll take some
of this though
stop it suppose they need put this back
she ate the popcorn the ice cream first
and didn't touch the water anyways guys
I'm uploading my vlog right now
wolfy jr. as a snake and he will not see
I called you a snake what he's like hey
don't call me a snake what for you're
literally just so far away from me okay
fine
wolfy genius a snake that's what I guess
geez
anyways you won't cut it with me right
now he's mad I'm currently looking at my
DIY part of my DIY that I'm not gonna
show you guys right now this is not
looking really good okay I'm doing two
DIYs simultaneously I'm trying to at
least put something in the fridge and
it's not popping the way I want it to
it's somewhere around there in the back
I'm not going to show you guys it I'm
scared to see your reaction and in the
freezer the freezer is not acting the
way I want it to so I don't know what's
going on right now I feel like the past
couple DIYs I haven't been on the game
that I used to be on but don't worry
your boy is not gonna give up if it
takes me two months to film it takes me
two months to film we're gonna get it
done alright guys so I'm on the ground
right now I just passed out for five
minutes so I'm gonna end the vlog on the
ground right now for you guys so if you
guys enjoyed the vlog make sure to go
down and hit that like button if we can
hit twenty five thousand likes on this
blog I will do something crazy and
tomorrow's vlog I'll figure it out I
don't know what I'm gonna do so go smash
the damn like button right now okay
twenty five thousand let's get it all so
if you guys made it to the very end of
the vlog I want you guys to comment down
below Batman
comment down below Batman I don't know
really why I said that I just saw like a
cape up here so I thought it would be
cool yeah just call me down below Batman
anyways again I hope you guys enjoyed
and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage than my mage
I'd always stay savage back out
