good morning ay yo what's Guinness your
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy it
is Sunday today I know this vlog is
gonna drop on Monday but I hope everyone
had a blessed Sunday I hope you guys
have a blessed Monday - because Monday's
are always but we're gonna push
through it I'm gonna have a dope day
today I don't know what I'm doing today
I dropped a video last night it's doing
really well so I think I might go
celebrate anything I might go kick it I
know David and jad wander kicking
yesterday so I might hit them up I also
have to pick up a few last computer
supplies for my computer and the lights
the lights are officially in but it's
Sunday so I don't know if the store is
open today but those big lights that
I've been talking about forever you know
the ones that I want to shut up about I
got to go pick those up to make this
room as bright as possible all right
never mind about the Lighting Store it
is closed today so yeah man one of the
first stops of the day is fixing
Sylvia's headphones the old headphones I
gave her Wolfie jr. chewed off this
other piece of the headphone so as you
guys can see on this side there's
nothing thank god bose is generous with
their headphones and they give you like
three different options of the earpieces
like they give you ones for big ears
small ears and medium sized ears just in
case the ones that come on the
headphones don't fit you the ones I'm
going to be picking on for Silvia may
not be amazing and they may not fit her
perfectly but it's better than having
nothing to stick in your ear cuz that's
a part you legit need like you can't
wear the headphones without it for the
in-ear headphones so I'm pretty sure I
left the box at my old house usually
with like electronics I leave the box in
like this big box and then just leave
them in the corner of my room so I'm
pretty sure I should have the piece that
Silvia needs I never really use those
headphones too much so it should be good
the blankets are still did exactly that
I left them should be in this big box of
computer shape to be honest here's the
new headphone box that's all we need
okay gaming headset camera this one no
Michael oh I see it we might have struck
gold guys we might have struggled see
what we got in this box take this out
take this out only this is garbage
garbage
so that's what it looks like when you
take it it comes with the things already
on but I'm pretty sure beneath this is
boom done that's a wrap
look at this guy's what did I say large
small so we have small ears we're gonna
go with the smallest but I'll bring all
the options of course anything books and
just like that you got a new pair of
headphones these are super clean have
never been used a fresh out of the box
I'll bring the large ones but the medium
ones sadly has got to go as well as this
garbage right here this came this can
just eat a computer noob is here at
Canada computers I have no idea what I'm
getting but I took pics ask Chris so I
should be good look at this computer
look at the USB oh my god imagine having
this or this or this or this stop these
alien computers okay
saying there's just a little bit of
cords in this story just a little bit of
options I'm not gonna get lost at all oh
my god what start I'm gonna have
to ask I got a ask there's no way I'm
gonna ever find it never say never guys
I found them all on my own now time to
buy speakers because I haven't bought
speakers for my computer yet I don't
need anything crazy but they sell them
here so I'm gonna get these these cables
and then speakers as well scratch
everything I said about the speakers I
went on YouTube I also went on Google my
 handy-dandy internet and I
checked out the best because you could
get for like a medium range price
because I'm not trying to spend a
billion dollars on speakers I don't need
crazy speakers I usually add it with my
headphones anyways but I do want
speakers obviously an apparently
Logitech sells dope ones like the ones I
have for my computer right now are
Logitech but yeah Best Buy should have
them I checked online and it's just down
the road so I might as well go there
Canada Computers didn't have the exact
models I was looking for so I'm not
gonna buy them here I figured that might
as well just drive down the road and
check if they have them for some reason
Best Buy is messing up and it says that
my location is still in Toronto so it
says that they're in stock in Toronto
but that's not really any use to me so
I'm just gonna go check I'm looking for
the ones these are the ones I have in my
house I think but I'm looking for z5 3:3
and I don't see them do not see them
what's going on I might have lied I
might have played myself guys here they
are these look beautiful slick these are
gonna look nice in my room but look at
these we got six two three which these
ones are a little more expensive I don't
know if these ones are like the more
upgraded version I'm just gonna check
online quickly I'm gonna compare the two
all right so I ended up getting the new
ones I just threw them in the trunk now
to take these off and friggin add the
new cars' and the new new car Sam
because these things you can't smell
them anymore
and I refuse to let my car smell like
just a regular car I need it to smell
like a new car so let's get them on
saying it's an ox type of day guys
what do you think I'm about to do to is
good enough three all right I'll get
three no no no no the 12 facts oh I got
10 ADIZ and I use one oh really
vote for my one okay I'll get three - I
need three three 12-packs this is just
for future jelly
you know what I'll get for
guys so DJ's coming back from Toronto
today he only went for a day so I'm
gonna give him a housewarming present I
gotta get him his condensed milk you
know he loves this
what is that loves the Eagle band why
that's the more that's three bucks
that's four bucks
DJ always loves the dollar venue stuff
okay we'll do a go brand psych did you
get cheap one I hope you like it why
does this machine know that I'm buying a
Jamaican pumpkin I thought those were
like low key how did it know it was
you're making it doesn't even see the
dreads all right bless we're buying it
you're making pumpkin of course we gotta
get that Jamaican okay 29 beans kay it's
not Jamaica it's not Jamaica okay guys
so trolling 101 I just played myself in
the grocery store in front of everyone I
put in a code for a Jamaican pumpkin but
turns out those cost $30 each had to
tell the cashier dude at self-checkout
to take it off so I could get the five
dollar pumpkin I played myself an extra
$25 so if you guys ever go to the store
and you decide to troll well you're
probably not gonna do it do not
get it you're making pumpkin because
they're like five times the cost of a
regular pumpkin is a Jamaican
pumpkin anyway bro it has dreads can you
not see them Rasta Mon
chica guys so nice guy Wolfie is about
to get Ryan food this guy's back already
he always comes back to Toronto he just
misses everyone he wants a Big Mac no
pickles I'm going to say extra pickles
hit the like button if i see troll him
you guys have two seconds until they
talk can I get a Big Mac combo please um
just a coke yeah can I get extra
actually can I just hit no pickles on
the big Marco guys I'm with king of
trolls himself David and he just did an
all-time high record these birds hang on
a troll he spent the most money he's
ever spent on a troll nine bucks just to
get bongo fish fillet cuz he loves fish
fillets even though they're wack I did a
$2 condensed milk challenge on DJ so
we're just gonna see the reaction once
we get to their house if you do the
pickles online alright why don't you do
the pickle
I know I felt bad fight again I'm sorry
yeah just either brought your favourite
big hey buddy which looks good DJ they
had something on sale at the grocery
store for you what Brian oh it's your
favorite
here bro
President's Choice condense where I had
to get you this I got you this you can
use offer your cereal roi everything
guys we're in Walmart now hunting for
these pumpkin things I found them we are
here we did it we got it guys this is
what we need nothing crazy
this is exactly what we need unless
there's a bigger one there might be a
bigger one hold up
oh it's a rap it's a rap it's a rap boom
I like that I like that guys we are good
to go
DIY black pumpkin how much is this one
where you have since a block comes with
holy all right guys I'm making this
yeah somebody punched those two but
we're good to go
you know what I'll get a small one too
just in case it's always nice to have to
have extra for video I always over by I
always over by let me know which your
favorite Halloween candy is in the
comments below
number one I will always be loyal to my
cat and arrow
no coffee Christmas monsters no one
rates Smarties no one rates Marty
literally I like lonely too good oh no
no and the coffee crisp and the Smarties
are nice I thought those my mommy guys
this you get this bro hold out each
month which one's more expensive no no
no let's just do the math honestly on a
scale of one to ten crispy crunches ass
caramels nice whoo mr. big is nice
wonder bars mediocres this is what I
think about this
get that
Chris you countries the worst part why
do you never see it in stores by itself
but if it doesn't sell doesn't sell bro
good KitKat's probably the most
butterfingers baby Gus KitKat is the
most sold chocolate bar mark my words I
know that's why I have KitKat and Kit
Kat chunky just as like oh we can make
it into more shapes and sell more Rolo
when did you have your own line of
chocolate you never came up with
Halloween chocolate this doesn't look
normal
stop rollers are blessed but I mean okay
but this one's good I just want to be no
no only the cookies and cream is nice
nope caramel I should not bother to ash
it's not bad and other Reese's wonder
her she's one is like supper I read it
right everyone knows that M&Ms never get
eaten yo this one gives me full of
stickers to Hickson big parties robe on
three point to the worst thing on this
whole shouting three two one
tootsie rolls oh my god you got your
also the caramels rookie City Rosa
caramel cube almost for sure I the cubes
you like this bro Stella's no neighbor
in Euros and yeah actually that I see is
this something wrong and I'm gonna die
something let's go let's go these drop a
big dogs are all those shrubs down the
hall are you talking about over there
alrighty have my sleigh buzz my body
what will you eat bro you're only at 12
cases Harris look I put this down this
is royalties people to close it be
careful with my baby
so guys are watching our old throwback
videos Ryan's obsessed with my old
videos in David's videos so
here we watch them all this is the one
of my favorite classic my future is that
you in the video look my dear I am in
the video oh this is this is back when I
used to eat hot pet food it is
Jamison kappa what is wrong it was the
same road it's the wheels
what is this been during our six the
cage like survival for long yeah we're
talking about the video here less the
video
yes stage here let the fish food was ass
here we go guys the fish food oh here we
go
as I broke dad's eyes oh my god as Yolo
tapas at this moment that Charlie knew
he out though and it sticks to
your mouth
okay guys so Silvia actually bought some
coke because you know Soviet is obsessed
with coke and she actually had an extra
can I saw this dope trick online that I
wanted to try you know how some people
can balance a coke on its side like this
I've always wanted to do that but I've
never been able to so I looked up a
bunch of tutorials and this it's pretty
damn easy so literally you just empty
the coke pour it all out into the
measuring glass and give David some so
he can turn up but further essence will
measure a glass and what you're going to
do I don't know that I don't know the
exact measurement I think it's like
around 100 milliliters or something like
that but we're just going to go with the
flow so we're gonna put 100 milliliters
Oh broke this off I don't know if you
need this this might be the deciding
factor if it works in art but put a
hundred milliliters back so it's around
300 right now you can't see this I still
got a sticker on this Pyrex just a
little coke in there okay that was
barely any so look one more okay just a
little more I think it should be around
100 milliliters and then what you're
gonna do okay this isn't the DIY nature
oh hang out for yeah here we go
now you're gonna lean it on its side and
hopefully it doesn't spill I think you
need the perfect balance you might have
played yourself with the cap maybe you
need a cab yeah that's what I'm saying
the cat might have been like the
weighing factor that's not even control
yeah she might be a thing you might need
to put a little bit more than 100 now or
maybe yeah cuz the cat wait a bit I'd
say you need a little more cuz it's not
standing up so we're gonna try this a
little bit more a little more coconut
I'm feeling Oh
okay feels like that's a little too much
now so now we're just going to take
little sips until it actually works
little more - ah oh I did it
let's go let's go let's go let's go guys
check this out levitating cocaine what
you know how that magic chick wolfie
around 100 milliliters do not up
with the cat because then you're gonna
have to drink more coke coke son healthy
you know diet wolf he's on his game so
check this out so it's that simple guys
you just want to get your coke that your
girlfriend gets or then your girlfriend
leaves over already just buy a coke can
at the store and drink a bunch pour it
out put the hundred milliliters name is
Pham magic trick wolf you guys know
handyman wolf you I'm always teaching
you cool because back in
kindergarten which is a year ago because
I'm grading to run now right so all the
kids always used to do this with their
coke cans and I was like how the
are they doing it so this side you do it
easy peasy
let's get it so there you go guys I hope
you enjoyed that what are you doing
that's good
David's number one pose okay guys so
we're on periscope I saw this girl on my
Twitter and she is live on periscope
right now so he went on Ryan's account
and were trolling her and we're not
really trolling right his talking her
and she's like is it the real Ryan sways
and she's like the real one
it was Wolfie I be I'd be freaking out
so now I'm gonna comment on my periscope
account and just say what up and just
see her reaction this is so cute let's
see what we got here that's what you're
saying I'm Zach he's coming hold on I
have it on my screen okay guys here we
go let's see this what up see if she
says
you screen shorting or for what I
appreciate she ate all the love you show
she means a lot you are the real MVP
this is what I do guys if I follow you
on twitter randomly if you guys are
periscoping I always love to come in and
talk so here we go I know feels like
what's good she's like oh my god
right let's see if she knows we're
coffee is gonna do these guys have been
playing Fifa for the past two hours
and every time ran scores this guy slams
the ground it's 11 o'clock
bro can't be loud that's the lemon
you're gonna get me in trouble if
someone comes here and you owe me the
noise complaint money alright sounds
good
Wolfie jr. you have two seconds to do
something cute for the vlog come on you
were just cute two seconds ago and now
you're tired I come home this guy was
passed out what he wakes up goes crazy
for me for like 20 seconds and then back
to what we call the limp noodle position
so as you can see you pick his body up
and he is limp anywhere you pick him up
leg limp
boom boom boom flick it arms flick it
flick it flick it flick it limp limp
limp even his head so you gotta be
careful when you pick them up because
it'll just let his neck go back limp you
can also put them in one of my favorite
positions over the shoulder the rest
attack what yeah I use a parrot arrest
on your shoulder here Toby is mad at me
but I brought her bad food so
everything's good now great I was
waiting for this oh yeah guys I was a
little late but I brought our big black
combo so if you don't get ever another
cone you
Big Mac combo and everything is fine so
so he's gonna muck her food probably
gonna watch a bit of TV and then go to
bed
well I cuddle this guy because I haven't
seen too much of him today and I get him
at his best time which is the tired time
of Wolfie all right guys so I think DIY
Wolfie is in full effect tomorrow so I
gotta get some good night's rest tonight
tomorrow I'm just craving filming so I'm
gonna film at least one video maybe two
of them feeling nice but I'm gonna end
the vlog off there I hope you guys enjoy
the video if you did do not forget to go
down and smash that like button if we
could hit 25,000 likes okay that's what
I always asked for that's what I want to
break so go down smash that like button
also if you guys made it to the very end
of the vlog today I want you guys to
comment down below I want my gold play
button comment I want my gold play
button because I still don't have my
gold play button on my main channel and
I know I just had a million subscribers
on this channel too but I want that
friggin gold play button so comment down
below I want my gold play button or give
Wolfie his gold play button anyways
that's it for today's video and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more sours in my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
