good morning Iowa's gonna chip we're
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy we are
about to leave the hotel I just folded
up all the blankets you know I made it
look nice and fresh organize the stuff
over there got stuff going over there
you know I made it so that the
housekeeper doesn't have to do too much
work because your boy wolf he's a
generous dude basically it's 11 o'clock
in the morning right now we were
supposed to check out for 11:00 so we're
probably gonna be like a 2 or 3 a few
minutes late and then the last place
that we have to go is Sylvia has to go
somewhere at I think 3 o'clock so then
we have four hours of we have no idea
where to go time I have to edit my vlog
so I don't know I'm gonna go with that I
need two internet connection it's just
like my head is all over the place right
now and we just have to get out of the
hotel room
we are literally getting kicked out of
the hotel room at this point and my car
is probably like 10 20 minute walk away
I think we'll walk there put our bags
there and then figure something out
we'll figure it out
last but not least put the chair in and
then just check one more time if I'm
forgetting anything anything anything
anything Ryan if those are your socks I
threw the ball this one shit I didn't
even use these drawers but you know what
it's always nice to check time to go
peace out peace we got the baby let's
put the stuff in the car now he ate most
of the stuff there my last of my stuff
now we're gonna go eat right I'm gonna
go find breakfast before we move the car
and then we'll see how much it actually
cost the guys said it's gonna cost
around 29 bucks to stay like overnight
and like how long we wanted to stay but
I don't know man I feel like it's just
gonna be a lot more than that so I guess
we'll see this is the only parking place
we could find we panic literally
Silvio's driving I don't want to drive
sighs fucking hate driving downtown
Toronto no one understands how to drive
here literally no one understands how to
drive here it's way more busy than
Ottawa
seventy everyone's super impatient like
me this is turning left and somebody
came up on my left side where there's no
lane like I'm opposite side of the road
to turn left cuz they thought I wasn't
going fast enough
literally they cut Silvia's in this Lane
and she's turning left and then a car
came beside her and cut before her which
is most illegal thing I've ever seen in
my life but okay like this is Toronto
you gotta expect these things when you
go to Toronto New York stuff like that
this is the CN tower right here where
did it go better the illusion it's gone
skyscrapers it's disappeared holy shit
there's so much mystery so the coffee
looks like a kettlebell guys forgetting
the coffee because we are very very
tired got behinds ketchup sweetener for
the coffee
I just ordered a big breakfast eggs
toast guys this is a huge big breakfast
legit if I had a name it's way bigger
than my hand
hostess classy classy toasts nobody's on
her feet time to munch turns out guys it
was $23 not 29 because we didn't stay as
long as we thought we're gonna stay
what's still $23 for parking
god damn on a good note the food we got
was absolute fucking delicious I didn't
even finish it all there was so much on
the damn plane you guys saw so now we
got a parking pass I've heard receipt
and we are on our way to Ryan's house
because we have like two hours to kill
before we need to go where so he needs
to go I'm gonna edit my vlog at Ryan's
house because I didn't want to go to
like a Starbucks at Tim Hortons and just
kick it there for like hours so Brian
we're coming over and guys I've been
letting Silvia Drive in Toronto because
I stress out in crazy traffic situations
my anxiety just goes up and I almost
feel like I'm gonna explode so he's
lucky this is the only time she's
actually a nice to drive this much but
it is what it is I'm gonna just kick it
in the passenger seat guys we are on the
gardener right now and this is the view
swag AF
going through the City of Toronto seeing
what's poppin I already know what it is
on route to Ryan's house say hi to the
Roger center CN tower that you can't
even see
alright guys we arrived at Ryan's house
I have my setup right here about to
start going to work for at least maybe
one and a half hours see how much I can
get done we don't have too much time
here but it's better than nothing I got
the bed I need my I need my bed so you
got the desk and the Ryan took the floor
in his own house so much love to Ryan
everyone go follow Ryan youtube.com
slash ice JJ fish youtube.com slash Ryan
sways go say thanks to the bed Wolfie
alright guys so we're packing up go
Silvia now so yeah like I was saying
guys we're leaving Ryan's house right
now we're going to Sylvia's appointment
the plan was to leave to Ottawa directly
after that appointment but we'll see
what time it's done I really really want
to drop a main channel video today that
was the plan it's been like a few days
since the last upload I'm not trying to
drop it tomorrow but the problem is I
think I'll be able to finish editing it
in the car but I won't be able to upload
it until later maybe the fact that it's
a weekend it won't matter too much that
I'm dropping late because I usually drop
late I already have a thumbnail done I
just gotta get the video done at this
point so we'll see what time it is and
depending on the traffic and if we can
get back to auto on time I might have to
come back to Ryan's house and edit the
rest of my vlog I'll fill you guys in on
what I do I'm gonna try and use every
second to get my video done to edit
yesterday's vlog while I'm in the car
that's why I bought the charger that's
in here so I might just have to be a
late upload date who knows we'll see we
just parked we're running late but the
goal is only five minutes so guys we
just left Sylvia's appointment
everything's good we're going back to
auto I think now it's raining it's not
the best day out but I was gonna stay
and edit but I think I'm going to edit
in the car maybe I'll grab something
where so they're going
Jovie is buying a friggin rope all right
so you're okay so yeah we're going back
to Ottawa we're gonna run into rush-hour
traffic it's gonna suck but I want to go
see what he's doing here I want to go
home now and we're out okay
$400 pajamas not fucking happening I'm
by bajamas for 20 bucks $400 for pajamas
Toronto what are you trying to say
you think you think your boy wolfies
rich yeah quick stop at Starbucks before
we go because we need caffeine for the
ride home a-and we have to pee so I'm
not trying to stop anywhere because I
know the trap is gonna be shit so we
gotta get something now guys the Toronto
pigeons give no fucks literally like
look how close they are to my feet right
now
Brian would be shitting his pants right
now Brian I'm right beside the pigeons
two Auto pigeons he calls them rats with
wings guys I just found Sean Sean what
are you saying in Toronto bro I thought
your home in Ottawa um cheese this guy
didn't even tell me he was coming Sean
right there that's me the bull bless
I'll take it we were looking for our
parking we finally found it but this is
Matt black Mercedes up there just I'm
Chiefs that's gold
that is gold hole holes for your boy we
found the car we're heading home got my
coffee we are good to go
took guys when we were leaving the
parking lot we saw this building and had
like honestly probably like two to three
hundred cameras on the side of it every
window is blacked out the windows are
blacked out all you saw was a sign
saying no social media allowed in the
door and I had no clue what it was I
tried looking it up I couldn't find it
it's probably not even online it's super
low-key but I'm curious as fuck to know
what's in that building so next time I
come back to Toronto I'm going to that
building I'm breaking in and bucking
bringing my phone and posting an
Instagram pic I don't care as you guys
can see we just got on the highway and
we're running into traffic right away so
I'm gonna tell you guys this right now I
want to get home before 10:00 I don't
think that's gonna happen but if we can
get home before 10:00 I'm dropping a
banger on my main channel because our
internet is so dazed it's so strong at
our new house it's possible to upload at
10:00 and still get the video out as
long as you have everything ready but we
will see how
traffic goes right now it's not looking
too amazing
I mean burn the express lane so we're
moving faster than the people over there
in those lanes but we're still kind of
moving a little slow it's time to get
out my laptop time to get out this
charger down here and begin the editing
guys I'm partway through the Edit and it
is fucking boring green like literally
pouring rain so it's driving in the rain
and yeah as you guys can see hold on
there you go
look at this rain we're driving into the
storm coming out of Toronto we saw the
clouds are going crazy and we're like I
wonder if that's the storm that it's the
fucking storm we are mid fuckin storm ok
so guys when you're driving in the rain
if you are of age to drive you want to
drive slow
leave some space in between you and the
current frontier just in case if you
were to slow down and put on the brakes
really fast you don't slide and crash
another driving school teacher Wolfie
now you're probably wondering is there
anything that Wolfie you don't know no
that's the problem I know everything it
sucks sometimes because everyone's
always asking you questions but then you
just let yo God answer the questions got
it gotta let people know some of my
knowledge here in my garage
quick quick pee break we gotta do the
quick quick pee with BAM see how quick
that was let's go do you guys see this
we are one hour away from my house right
now
one hour eternally
I ended up finishing my video it is 9
p.m. actually heat 57 p.m. that means
that we should get home around 10 that
means I can get the video at 10:30 so I
think I'm gonna upload it I'm gonna snap
and then you guys will see me up here at
my house my house let's see if he sees
me wealthy
okay I think so yeah so big we got the
dog when he's back and he's tired you're
gonna sleep in my arms when you get home
right he's a baby he's bigger okay guys
we lied we thought wolfy jr. was tired
but as soon as we brought him here this
guy is fully awake now I'm uploading my
video it is 1016 and the video is live
so guys I uploaded my vlog and I was
looking at my videos and I came across
something that really really pissed me
off
like I've seen fake wolfy raps accounts
in the comments and some of my videos
like trolling they always troll people
in the comments and common some stupid
shit and people actually believe that
they're me but this one takes the
fucking cake I found a channel it's
called wolfy raps it has the same
profile picture as my account and what
this account is is an account that re
uploads every single video that I have
ever made every single video that I put
ours into editing hours into filming
hours into coming up with the idea this
account re-uploads the videos and takes
money for my shit so I'm gonna give you
guys a quick tutorial on how to know if
it's actually my channel first of all if
you were to type in wolfy raps at the
very top okay I'll refresh this page
just so you know you can see that my
channel has a check mark next to the
name okay it means I'm verified that's
important because it means that I am the
actual Wolfie so you guys can believe
that the content the videos I'm dropping
it's actually me doing it okay that's
the first step the second step always
check to see how many subscribers I have
I have over 3.1 million subscribers okay
3.1 million there's definitely not any
other guys named wolf your apps that
have 3.1 million subscribers and that's
there's somebody in France or some shit
that I actually don't know about that's
called Wolfie raps
that has 3.1 million subscribers you
guys can correct me if I'm wrong but I'm
pretty sure I'm the only fucking one so
first thing is verified check mark the
second thing is 3.1 million subscribers
or it'll be more in the future but 3.14
now third thing when you take a look at
my channel you see
have 221 uploads okay so you click on
this you can go to the videos tab and
there should be over 200 uploads so
there's definitely a lot of uploads okay
the fourth step okay the fourth step and
honestly it just blows my mind that
there's people out there that actually
think that this other account is me like
it's not fucking me so the first step is
just look at the views on the videos
okay look at the views that I'm getting
this one I just dropped so it has like
three hundred and seventy thousand views
okay this one almost has a million this
one has two million two million two
million three million two million four
million so as you guys see because I
have a lot of subscribers now because
the wolf am so loyal we have a lot of
views which is blessed but the second
channel doesn't have those views okay
the second channel has like one to three
thousand maybe like twenty thousand if
they're lucky another thing about the
second channel is they don't show their
subscriber numbers and they're not
verified so they don't have that
checkmark so obviously there's a fake
okay Wolfie I'm telling you I'm not that
account so if you guys are ever looking
up Wolfie raps and then you scroll down
you keep scrolling down you keep
scrolling down okay guys and you see
this account where is it where is it
where is it this account okay this is
not me
this is not me they copied my profile
picture but they only have 72 videos
first of all they're also not verified
and guess what they don't even show how
many subscribers they're at so if we go
to their channel I'll show you what we
can see go to their videos hold on go to
their videos so remember how you guys
are seeing like the millions of views
that I've been getting lately okay look
at their fucking views in one hour I
would never get 1,000 views also I would
never misspell a frigging title so
that's not fucking me I would never put
Wolfie raps as the first thing in any of
my titles and then the frigging title of
the video so that's not me but it got
8000 good job Wolfie raps Wolfie raps
wolf your apps like they're literally
uploading my vlog content plus my main
channel content they're literally just
milking all my content my vlog main
channel shit per views to get money so
guys I will say this one more time
because I'm really annoyed with this
account this is not me okay if it didn't
have every single factor that makes it
me aka the verification the 3 million
plus subscribers the millions of views
over 200 uploads okay then it's not me
it's not me and one more way to tell if
it's me or not so the last thing is if
you guys are reading the comments in my
videos and you come across an
count named Wolfie raps all you got to
do is hover over the name and this
should pop up and it says again 3
million subscribers 222 videos so that
is how you know it's me okay that is how
you know it's me if you hover over the
name and it says anything that's not
that then it's not me okay it's not me
so hopefully I can get this whole
account situation sorted out honestly I
don't want this damn account on YouTube
like I'm cool with people that troll on
Twitter and like troll in the comments
that impersonate me whatever that's all
good but as soon as this person is
uploading literally every or fucking
reuploading every video that I have put
so much hard work into just to make
money than piece you are getting shut
down no one fucking impersonates
wolffian gets away with it not a chance
your accounts getting shut down with him
I'm sorry but that shit doesn't slide on
YouTube on a better note guys screw the
ran okay we're going to friggin
McDonough's to get the vanilla cone it
is 1250 we're a little late on the
midnight run but you already know how it
is we go when we can go and so I got
Silvia some wolfy jr. down there and we
are getting her vanilla cone hopefully
the friggin drive-thru is open today
I'll let you guys know in about two
seconds and the drive-thru is open yep
that's open blast yeah it is a good day
the cones big let's get it so guys I
guess it's time that I come clean to be
honest maybe that rant I did a little
earlier was a bit unnecessary because
you know what maybe that wolf your app
sees me and I just forgot that I made
the account you know maybe Silvia runs
it I don't know it's not my fucking
account it's not my damn account I'm
still cheesed about that but guys I am
tired as hell me and Silvia just figured
out how to turn the heat up in the
shower the whole time we lived in this
house so far the heat has never gotten
like any hotter than just warm like it's
just been warm like never hot and we
always wondered why and then Silvia said
that there's this switch that we could
probably fuck around with it my mom told
silly about that's in the closet and we
checked it out turn it up and now the
shower gets hot which is amazing because
I take the hottest luggage showers so
I'm nice and clean I'm ready for bed
after that friggin six hour drive so I'm
gonna end the vlog off there I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did please make sure
to go down and hit that like button
let's hit 25 for the fucking cable fam
let's get it we got some of the most
active supporters out there so go down
smash that like button also if you made
it to the very end of the vlog I want
you guys to comment down below
welcome home or welcome back welcome
home or welcome
wanted to because I am back in my
friggin new house feels good to be back
even though it was only like a one day
trip I'm gonna go pass out on my bed now
so again I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more established in my main channel and
as always my hair landscapes a savage
flag Oh
