good morning a yo let's get is your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfing right
now it is 6:30 a.m. we have been driving
for around 40 minutes we have about four
to five hours left of driving but
basically as you can see risk on the
highway driving between trucks so he's
driving through now I haven't started
editing yet because I just had my coffee
out of my coffee right now just well
then I'm not fully awake yet so I don't
want to start editing yet you guys are
probably wondering hopefully how are you
awake at 6:30 a.m. and like not dining
it like in your seat sleeping I'll tell
you how this how you wake up in the
morning you know what's gonna burn a
little dude you gotta play loud Wow
guys the first stop we are about half
way it's like 8 o'clock or some shit
like that
got my Gatorade because I didn't want my
energy drink I already had a coffee
we're making moves were making moves are
almost there
this drives not as bad as the time when
I went to get the dog so Sylvie has to
go to Washington I'm gonna go to the
washroom and then let's resume the trip
tell me why I just see the biggest
fighter I've ever seen in my life
outside the washroom oh my god please
focus G oh my god oh my god I'm out I'm
out I'm out saying I'm about to have
some fun while I wait for Silvia I got
time to burn trivia challenge alright
let's do it
navigation play why is it taking so long
to load construction zone challenge ok
ten questions do we have fun we have
time which colors do you see the most
other road construction science ok black
and white black and yellow blue and
white black and orange I swear to God
I'm gonna go with black and yellow
incorrect it was black and orange are a
class I would call that a yellow lane
shifts and closures store removing all
options construction all options BAM
easy come on I can't look I got the
first one wrong I'm so annoyed saying I
should never drive again okay three out
of ten last one on a high-speed freeways
traffic and ejections are usually
controlled by all of the above traffic
control person Oh high-speed honestly
construction signs boom it was
controlled by a person that would be
very dangerous
all right we're good to go all right
guys so we arrived we are downtown
downtown Toronto Sylvia's going to get
our hair dyed first that's the first
thing we're going to do so we just paid
a bunch of money for parking because we
had no clue where to park and we're
panicking I want a tight schedule and
then literally we have I think the rest
of the day to just do whatever I think
we're meeting up with Silvia sister to
do dinner but other than that the day is
like ours and the city is just way more
active way more shit's happening than in
Ottawa I never go downtown and Ottawa
anyway so maybe if I go to the mall
today I run into some wolf fam that
would be blessed that's the goal
maybe I'll snapchat out where I'm going
to be not quite sure yet but we'll
figure it out Ryan's ignoring my calls
so well Sylvia is getting her hair done
your boys going to be productive and I'm
going to edit my vlog this is before
businesswoman Sylvia finally a garbage
Peter Pitt I might grab food low key
it's not even open all right saying your
boy has VIP set up I got my own couch to
myself right here
in the hair salon you already know what
it is drying the grind is not stock so V
is going to be somewhere somewhere
around there I don't know yet I got my
baby let's get to work
saying they brought me water we're
living lavish living lavish don't mind
if I do
so what's the free Wi-Fi saying what's
free Wi-Fi saying apparently I'm on full
bars guys bull bars but Wi-Fi is not so
much
guys it is a good day so he is still
getting a haircut but I just got the
Wi-Fi password so I had to use my
hotspot for a bit but I just made a
thumbnail my videos almost exported as
you guys can see thumbnail God is at
work on the Photoshop supposed to meet
up with Ryan soon I don't know boy yet
so now I'm just chilling I got to edit
later like my main channel video I gotta
get some work in today but most of the
day we're just gonna go chill you know
go to the mall stuff like that so just
waiting on the girl they said I went
upload in a public place using that
Wi-Fi they like actually uploading here
might as well got the Wi-Fi password
everything's lit so guys I was chilling
editing my blog in the hair salon and
our number one fan aesthetic album
showed up here she literally saw Silvia
snap and then hunted us down we didn't
even say where we were but this is how
you know this is what you wolf fam needs
to be like okay like if you guys aren't
going to be savages like this then just
like what he's saying
shuttle TSS hey SF for life guys it's a
group chat thing it's a secret right
guys we got more people it's literally a
fan meetup in the hair salon you guys on
shutting remote yeah I got my brothers
out Donald and blow OH
what's good guys so we got this guy we
met him finally Omar why did you take so
long to drop him off here say
Oh Bart : Omar how'd you take so long to
drop em off anyways we got Ryan now we
don't really have anything to do for us
today might do a meet-up we'll see it
foods the number one priority down for
Chipotle
normal 804 they've already it is that
way I need to go to a car car and then
Chipotle Chipotle bolt yo honestly guys
I used to read the mighty wallet but
fuck this wallet like straight up okay
don't fuck it's a blessed wallet it's
just too thin I thought I lost it I was
just freaking over the past ten minutes
you know it was in the crack of my cart
so we found it we're good I can buy
stuff now I put everything in a guy's
reg would you hit you might need to buy
a luggage bag today check this view out
guys CN Tower shout-out to Bell media
show to MTV so guys we decided to go to
five guys to got some food because
you're starving is the first meal of the
day we don't know what number here on
behind number 21 so they better hurry up
is the bald out here twenty bucks
how much did you spend were these really
a lot cents
that's a lot for a
so yeah how much do I set a number all
on the next joke diet whoopee can eat
for the day guys this is insane this
burger is these guys they give you an up
useful amount of cajun fries holy shit
I don't think we're gonna finish
so guys why is urban outfitters in
toronto way more wavy than the one in
friggin Ottawa like look at this I'm
thinking about getting this Calvin Klein
at I want to get this white hat just cuz
it's wavy but look at this Calvin Klein
hat told me how this is fifty beans
fifty beans okay but you guys know I'm a
hat dude so then I gotta get your
approval you guys know you're rich one
look at that it looks kind of nice
Calvin Klein I could get the one that
Ryan's wearing but I get that one you
can get CK on it
shut up Justin let's play the game fine
wolfy pants that actually fit lengthwise
36 lengths they don't exist 36 length
doesn't exist say word guys so many nice
skinny jeans dude but nothing comes in
36 lengths all 32 of your 32 pants I
hate you blaming cuz I have been that
okay guys scratch anything I said about
the Hat Silvia said that they don't fit
me they're too small so gotta listen to
her can't get them right now
the biggest sizer they have is 12 and
I'm a 13 and some boots and I tried the
12 on it's not working so I feel like
I'm just too big for these stores I
don't know guys I just found a hat for
David at Urban Outfitters take it easy
I'm facetiming him right now for the
side of heat he should get it
David's not answering the call so maybe
you lost your chance bro
one more ring yeah one more ring all
right we got a picked up Haley
David guys let's play another game we're
in little burgundy I'm going to cop this
bang but let's play find the Ryan xu
miss xu is this guy gonna cop Oh Oh the
dirtiest I know this one because it
exists shoes can't afford those this
team can't afford for those vacuum
humming oh this this one's more you you
you like how it's messed up and it's
been worn 60 times so guys we just
arrived at the hotel room kind of little
crazy news I'm actually with I see a
fish and he just dropped a new record
coming at you yeah how did you feel when
shooting this video can you spit it to
us live yeah guys look at my new bag I
fit everything I had in it so I don't
have to put in the garbage way anymore
it's fresh sauce guys I'm watching my
favorite youtuber buff Carell this is
throwback utilities he dances and things
like a beast I used to watch this guy
all the time
check this out and he has a picture of
him lifting in the pack code
we hold on let him warm up this he's won
we have this what you know it does this
weird shit swagger the funniest channel
on YouTube to be honest okay you know
what I'll whip up my classic video
what's happened here's his classic with
two photos of himself okay he's got two
photos of himself drunken love Beyonce
cover everyone knows it
this guy kills it okay hey Owen I do you
he's dead serious guys
yeah
okay that's that's all you get but guys
I just want to show you this guy has
been uploading he's been grinding okay
he drops regularly every single day and
he has not missed a day he has not
missed a day for probably over a year
the thumbnail game could be improved a
bit yes she pulls every single baby
posts every single day bro Justin
Timberlake blurred lines Robin Thicke
Stevie Wonder you know we got everyone
guys I'm not gonna lie like I can sleep
on the floor so I'm not mad about where
we're staying like this is a blessed bed
that's gonna be dope I can't complain
cuz Sylvia booked everything and I
didn't have any time to have any say we
are downtown Toronto so it's a blessed
location but look at the fucking view
here guys I was like you know what this
one room can get a little bit better so
you know I just rolled up the windows
like yeah you the view can be a little
bit better you know so here's the view
here's what we're working with just
great view just a great fucking view
look at this view like just amazing I
just love brick walls and yeah it's
brick walls a mile away there they're
down there it's all brick it's literally
all right guys outlets in this hotel are
great like the stuff just doesn't fully
go in but you know it's cool just I
didn't want to try to rush it anyways so
Yelp Garrity I'm making an account this
hotels about to get roasted late-night
missions we are going to a few stores
we're gonna go get some food Sylvia's up
in the hotel I just edited the whole
rough draft of my vlog so now I don't
have as much that I need to do tomorrow
I don't know what time we have to be out
of the hotel probably like 11:30 12:00
in the morning and then we're stranded
basically for like three to four hours
the plan is all over the place right now
we don't know where we're getting food
we're just walking right now the streets
of Toronto all I know is I'm gonna go
get Sylvia some wine
she's in the hotel room by herself and I
feel like being nice all right guys so
we're back in the hotel room but we have
to be up for 11:00 because I didn't
really have a chance to sleep all day I
didn't sleep in the car at all I haven't
slept all day I'm exhausted it's only
11:00 but this is probably gonna be one
of the most blessed sleeps that I've
gotten in a while so I'm gonna end the
vlog off there if you guys enjoyed make
sure you go down and smash that like
button please if we can hit 25,000 likes
that would make my day so go down hit
that like button also you guys made it
to the very end of vlog I want you to
comment something down below so that I
know you're the true wolf and stays to
the end of every single one of my
friggin blogs like it's leaving back
there she's comment down below hotel
room because that's where I'm staying
tonight hotel room and I'm gonna call it
back to a bunch of people that comment
that because I gotta show love to my
wolf em anyways again I hope you guys
enjoyed and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage in my main channel and as
always stay savage Lego
