good morning AOS can achieve a wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy I actually
have some good news for you guys
actually this will be good news for
people that watch my blog yesterday it's
actually going up at a regular time like
8 o'clock to 9 o'clock I woke up early
this morning it is still morning by the
way fucking yeah congrats to wolfy I
fully edited my blog in the morning and
I'm scheduling it now to drop at an
earlier time so because I couldn't
decide if I wanted to drop earlier or
later I just picked a time that was a
little earlier than late when I usually
drop which is like 12:00 in the morning
so this is better wolfy is here taking a
nap with you boy and I'm supposed to
help Silvia film she's been in her room
for like an hour listening to music she
listened to that new song deja vu by
Justin Bieber and post alone like
honestly 20 times I showed her this song
yesterday and since I showed it to her
this girl has been listening to it
non-stop so wolfy do you want to run it
to your mom's rooms pranker yeah all
right let's go prank her scrolls been
blasting music for like the past hour
and a half and she's still not done
she's still not ready to film so I'm
just gonna barge in the room really loud
see if she gets scared watch you can
hear
yeah I got you yes they've been waiting
an hour and a half done yet fully edited
my blog dropped it it's ready easy yeah
I know you played deja vu but 60 times
let's go so I have to deal with everyday
wolfy word you okay you're stuck okay
I'm coming put him here Andy got stuck
nice scared come here I know I'm here to
save you
okay it's got claws so much when he when
he loves you he claws you in the face
gotta grab this guy's cage and bring it
into the house this playpen is so heavy
where we putting it yeah takes two
seconds to set up I'll set up in the
living room here Wolfie Wolfie you don't
know how to get out come okay time to
help Silvia film ASAP ASAP ASAP okay so
we just arrived at the first location
you guys need to know something the
thing about filming a video for a girl
is that no matter how good you do it
okay even if you were to shoot every
shot perfect it is not good enough so we
just got to the first location sillies
got a puppy I'm gonna update you guys on
how long this first location takes and
then we have five more I know we have
five locations in total so four more
after this one
Wolfie hang in a cooperator though the
show okay let's do it
action yeah where I see a cat over there
just roaming
okay let's film this Oh a dog Wolfie how
you gonna react you're already running
to me come here
yes cuz you're not behaving okay guys so
it only took us 45 hours to get that
first shot done honestly I expected 300
million hours but 45 hours I'll take it
it was pretty quick okay here we go yeah
he has to do more shots though I thought
we were done
Wolfie is not behaving he has lipstick
on his face so his lipstick it looks
like blood and he's not behaving I knew
this would happen
Wolfie you know this is YouTube right
bro take this shit serious come on get
your shit together
there we go sit okay rule number one do
not fill with a puppy he will not listen
he just wants to walk alright guys I
want you to guess where we are for the
next scene you got three seconds comment
down below where you think we are you
just see a field yeah yeah now you
played yourself we're at a skate park we
found a skate park it's about to get lit
right here what you go do with you all
these silly even looks like a punk rock
girl here take this guys I'm gonna do
some Ollie's up here yeah oh shit I
almost slipped and fell on my face
where's my skateboard let's get it
Wolfie jr. come on up come here come
here
no no up up the ramp up the ramp poofy a
pop-up come on can Wolfie make it up can
we'll see make it up come on come on
come on don't slip don't slip it's so
slippery I feel like there's wax Wolfie
come here the impossible challenge make
it up you can't do it anyways I gotta
grind out this scene because we have to
film Sylvia's video before it gets dark
outside which we don't have too long to
do but I'm sliding oh look at this oh
shit run Holly BAM stall I'm a beast I
swear to God every ounce of this
skateboard park except for under these
ramps everything is graffiti'd up like
from there that there to here to there
God to him I always wondered how
graffiti worked like if you weren't
supposed to graffiti over somebody's
graffiti if there could only be like
certain colors used in certain areas
like I fuckin don't know how it works I
don't know about tagging man I don't
know about it taking a quick break
inside cuz wolfy June is freezing he's
still a baby you're freezing here cuddle
up get warm one more outfit I know stop
shivering he's like why'd you do that we
leave you in the car for 30 seconds and
he gets annoyed
we take them out with us you can
there's no pleasing this friggin puppy
alright guys so I let the boys house and
we are just watching more wolfy sub
count after the giveaway there was just
too much juice to the channel so how
much of that we are at less than 500
subscribers away from 1 million on the
second Channel holy shit wolf am you
guys are too too late guys as you can
see I am nine nine nine oh one nine nine
nine oh two less than 100 subscribers
away on more wolfy you know got the gang
here to celebrate chorus no one we're
getting pretty used to this is out yeah
no one's crying there's a more wolfy DJ
he's not that a million toy you're 10
there are three subscribers yo your rude
friend Oh hold up
nice celebrating success alright the
right way actually one second let let us
get our front man to do it
oh this is peachy I gotta change you
gotta get in college mode celebrate
success the right way to run Beach
another one I love that oh just about to
hit it no you're like g50 away yeah it
was a scribe 101 we were like come that
was like 15 seconds ago eh that's for
you
what is he this is like binge so we got
water distilled great whose man is this
water it is still great acid 45
subscribers I was quick things ro I
might need to do more giveaways who
wants my house like this video
the way you give it away wolfy jr. yeah
you guys if you guys like this video and
comment where you live don't comment we
live like this video and comment your
Instagram in your Twitter I'll give away
wolfy jr. next week 35 away
I don't like it with a nerf gun where do
you mean messy here yeah
one minute sorry she's been doing messy
so he's going to be here we know the
numbers of flying yeah we get unloaded
bro here we go got chatter the James
video here 2000 go god damn everytime
outfit you see we have a family we have
timers oh yeah get the next push it's a
necklace
all right copyright copyright government
thank you for 1 million on more wolfies
Cheers
road to 2 million Rosie Tenley Clark I'm
coming for you peopIe all right guys
we're filming for Sean's channel right
now are you opening some packs here Oh
actually yeah hi oh here we go
have you guys watched a bag opening Oh
fucking gig again this guy takes my cam
back opening for Sean's channel famous
party time
dude another one let's get messy oh
let's get messy so he's gone
Danielson fucking got balls guys they
were opening 30 people pretty good
I spent a hundred bucks on packs just
now thinks he's messy but literally said
okay I really no more packs actually was
no more patch one more we just have to
set a limit one have to do it right now
I got one more pack oh okay no more beer
three more okay the Jacob Sartorius pack
is the last pack and I'm getting up and
walking Oh Mousavi all right guys
see ya
and anymore guess they've opened 600
packs I don't even know the rules FIFA
I'm about to pits I'll take this let me
load this up I'll take that and my
blaster this guy's been shooting us for
so long song bus watch this gotta use
the mirror shut the fuck up PAC I want
that absolute is that actually it is
that actually it last pack faster one
more row this isn't a last time run more
one more
yo-yo look at me one more pack alright
Oh Bulbul gate is the last night yes
pretty Mazal do all 3400 even boys at
this point ya know for some reason I
just sat in my car and my car smells
like tea I don't know what the hell
maybe it's gum or something for my
freakin air fresheners do not smell like
tea so something or someone has been in
my car I don't know shredder Rodney but
basically I've just been chillin at the
guys house for a bit I'm going home now
because since we're leaving early early
early tomorrow morning Sylvia's driving
so I can edit in the car but still I
don't want to stay up too late tonight
we got to be up for 5:00 a.m. and we got
to bring wolfy jr. to my mom's house in
the morning but I gotta have a video to
start editing in the car
so David the King troll God is coming
over because you know your boy DIY wolf
is filming another DIY it wouldn't be
classic wolfy if David wasn't filming
itself the man is rolling and then I got
a pack I really haven't packed anything
yet so he's probably I'm stressing out
right now and I'm just like yeah I'll
just throw a fucking shirt in the bag
last second okay guys so I got home this
is all the supplies I'm gonna need for
my video a lot a lot of supplies okay
this is no joke DIY scientist wolfy
magic wolfy we're back in this bitch as
soon as I
finish filming with this shit best
believe I might be throwing it out
because I'm not a scientist but I like
to believe I am are you doing what
vegetable prank on Silvia as she wants
to eat or let's breaker ah skitter okay
so we're gonna ladder it up there okay
all the oil come down so that's where
the oil would be is how you get any
thumbed it has to be me
but guys this is credit to David for
this idea vegetable grant gone puppy
okay you know what let's just do
flushing puppy down the toilet hey my
buddy Danny to switch balls action yeah
you can't film with it pee in your pants
you the homeroom I can just go hold his
bladder that he's back why'd you kiss
your pants by the way I didn't piss my
pants it looked like this wolfy jr. damn
wolfy jr. really likes the piss house I
promise it wasn't me shit luck it's not
focusing but like look at this is nigel
fuck knockers not itself I'm permanently
permanently fucked
that's why coming up but it's not just
this is what he does for you guys I love
my I love my wolf am guys what can I say
alright guys so I just wrapped up
filming my oil video and honestly this
whole table had like a film a whole
layer of red food coloring I use these
jars I use all this stuff try to spend
like the last 30 minutes cleaning up
everything this probably was one of my
most messy videos I've ever filmed as
you guys can see I have food coloring
all over my arm it's really really hard
to get off it's still on my fingers some
of these fingers to but because I edited
my blog in the morning I don't even have
to worry about editing my blog right now
which is amazing I can enjoy the night
wolfy jr. is going absolutely ballistic
in this room he's like they're leaving
in a day I'm gonna go crazy guys David
just reminded me that I just got my more
wolfy plaque like 100 K won yesterday or
the day before and I just hit 1 million
subscribers on mobile feet today which I
didn't thank you guys enough for but
thank you thank you thank you so much
for that we are fucking turning up
YouTube
where's my gold play button fam
and where's my main channel gold play
button I'm already had three million on
that I don't have my gold play button
what what what gives huh what guess I
know a person you know prison yeah who
her name is Susan Susan watch Kiki Susie
Susie whistles all right oopss you sure
- ooh sorry sorry we love you
but send us our damn gonna play ones and
send my girlfriend your silver play
button please legit send a team out with
a silver clear shit
we're waiting mmm if you don't send it
fucking you're not winning an iPhone 7
from that giveaway you never went I know
you entered Susan I've seen your name
okay you're not winning you might be the
CEO of YouTube you're not the CEO of my
heart right now till you send it okay
wolfy jr. we're leaving you now we're
leaving wolfy jr. out my parents were
saying our good-byes right now they have
his cage right there take good care of
wolfy and don't put him in this he's not
gonna season this he wants to cuddle
with you we're leaving for one day so he
dropped off the dog the puppy time to go
get some late-night grub some food so
that we can drive at 5:00 a.m. in the
morning Oh somebody needs to tell Sylvia
over watching these damn prison shows
late at night shit is so wack you're
literally leaving the Toronto in like
friggin five hours and we're watching
prison shows no clue what's going on
bars
oh my god is Winningham Sylvia is
getting a good sleep I'm getting a
terrible sleep a lot out of the car whoa
oh my god so guys this is one of my
packing to Toronto consists of sweater
we got sweatpants comfy pants that
iearnt even folded up probably another
sweater hoody do I have shirts did I
even bring shirts more sweaters
I brought way too much for one day but
you know there can never be too much a
shirt I'm the worst
Packer ever I might need to bring one
more t-shirt like honestly I don't think
I need it but you know I got one so Yolo
this house is so quiet without the dog
like he should be there running around
this pee
Wolfie junior where you have to this
camera is so friggin crazy like it's
pitch black not pitch black a pretty
damn black
you can still fully see everything then
turn one light on and everything is all
right guys it is currently 3 in the
morning and we have to be up at like
4:40 time gonna end up long off here I
have to sleep I have to get some sleep
tonight I'm going to sleep on the couch
because whenever I need to do something
important I see when the couch to make
sure I get an uncomfortable sleep to
make sure I actually get out because if
I go to that bed I'm passing out and I'm
not waking up on time so I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did please make
sure to go down and smash that like
button if we can hit 25,000 likes that
would make my day hit twenty five
thousand likes for fucking me hitting 1
million on Wolfie let's go actually had
30 thousand likes a matter of fact also
if you guys made to the very end of the
vlog I want you to comment something
down below so I know you made it here
and you're one of the most loyal Wolfie
members in the 1 million subscribers so
comment down below jaguar comment down
below jaguar okay that's it just so I
know you made it to the end and I will
see you soon on more Whoopie where we
stay a little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage go to
sleep back house
