good morning eh eh what's goodness your
boy Wolfie welcome back tomorrow Wolfie
we are at Petsmart we got three minutes
until wolfies haircut appointment his
first haircut he scruffy as hell so this
guy needs to get his damn hair let's
roll buddy ah let's go he is scared
every time we leave the house he thinks
we're going to the vet now also last
night I tried fucking fixing his collar
because we bought like this weird collar
I tried doing it for like an hour and I
couldn't make it work so I think we're
gonna buy a new color too saying I might
have to be a Halloween tank for Wolfie
Junior quit your bitching bitching or
boo now this is way too big for Wolfie
but there's mad Halloween costumes that
we could possibly get him but we also
have to get him true toys because every
time we bring him to my mom's house he
doesn't have any two toys he just has
like his little fur toys and then he
bites on everything so if we need
something hard aka the deer antlers that
I was talking about before the elk
antlers ok guys because this one was
such a bitch like you literally needed
to hole punch your collar this collar
you needed to punch holes in it was like
a leather punch and who the fuck has
that I mean so this thing's like a scrap
we're not gonna use this anymore school
fees a little bit bigger so we're gonna
use this one we're back at the tag works
machine and let's do it up scan barcode
facing up eat okay the bottom one on the
back of the tag you stupid head oh that
one I knew that Oh T 0 0 881 3-1 yes I
time to put in the information wolfy oh
there's no space a F I e8 space G
dock period Wolfie jr. we recommend
putting your pet's name on the front
information on the back okay yeah we're
not back Oh what do we want a custom
font this one back at it again with the
laser technology guys this is 2016 for
you check this out they literally have
like an hour to two hours to kill before
his haircuts done I'm gonna go home and
edit my video but we got mad time to
burn right now so might as well get him
a new one
he's doing the back first all right I'll
be back come on print that wolfy jr.
right there on the front let's go wolfy
jr. put it in the pot goes in
I can't toss it to me toss it to me hey
so I don't know how many of you guys
follow me on Instagram but if you've
seen one of my most recent pictures like
when I was a kid I had the most chapped
lips in the game my lips were
disgustingly chapped so I just bought
some Burt's Bees some pomegranate stuff
hopefully this cures how chapped my lips
were back in the day when I was like
three years old you know way back in the
day I need to start using this stuff
more regularly because my lips have been
feeling really dry lately I think it's
just because winter is coming up winter
is coming so I gotta start using the
shit regularly if I want to heal my lips
and replenish my lips with lip balm and
pomegranate oil refreshing I don't know
finally gotta get it to pick up Wolfie
jr. after three hours who knew it takes
that long to groom your dog I'm honestly
having separation anxiety like I miss
him but finally I can pick him up I hope
he did okay no so please oh well if a
junior smells so good and look at this
cute little bandana that they gave him
it's so cute but he's been whining
non-stop since I got him he like doesn't
know what to do with himself he is so
fluffy now can you see his fur before it
was all like separated and really curly
now it's just fluffy and he smells so
good
like his butthole they trimmed his
butthole - he's still really really
fluffy but since he's a puppy they only
gave him a little trim let's look at
your face buddy oh that's a cute face
give me kiss mmm I missed you let's go
home let's go see daddy he's gonna love
how good you smell is we're back do you
want to see your fluffy smelly good baby
mmm mmm you smell so good
right
you miss do okay no Joe sure he's the
softest puppy in the leaky literally
feels like a blanket
he feels like a cloud like a cloud love
it sorry he's still a prick
he's either cleaned you ya know gut you
guys nice you smoke all day I know he's
no like coconut they had this cute
bandana on him that says I am loved but
it's too big for him he's just a little
guy so came off so quick what's poppin
wolf am sorry I have not vlogged really
like much today at all
videos always take way longer than I
actually expect them to take when I edit
them today I was editing my 3 million
subscriber video so basically I did a
giveaway in that video if you guys
didn't see the main channel video for
some strange reason I will leave the
link at the top of the description in
this vlog and probably a few more blogs
to come because I want to make sure the
most amount of people get to enter the
giveaway basically I'm giving out three
iPhone sevens yeah you heard of
chuckling I'm giving out three iPhone 7s
and I'm also giving out three iPads so
basically it's pretty damn let your boy
bald out I had to do it for the wolf man
because you guys support me so much so I
got to get back to you yeah the video is
dropping in 10 minutes on my main
channel so right now I'm just dancing
waiting for it to go up wolfy juniors in
history and playpen toby is trying on
clothes what's new I don't know lookbook
clothes to fill not tomorrow but as soon
as my video drops I think I'm gonna go
back to my mom's house for a bit because
me and her have to talk business my mom
and my dad always help me with every
decision I make so those are the go-to
people I go to when I need to make
important choices and there is big
things coming up for your boy wolfy so I
gotta run it by my mom I gotta run it by
my dad before I jump into anything crazy
so I got a bit of time so I'm gonna drop
by the house I'm probably ahead of my
vlog there I fuckin always out of my
vlogs they're gonna run around wolfy
come in come in come in ah yeah well
free guys I just arrived at the house
and more stuff came from me in the mail
so quick little Michael
me a knife forgot what they wear this
house goes good so long let me see this
one will work this one all right guys
when you're opening packages yeah Claud
open hopefully it's got a computer print
in here
hopefully this can open cut up in here
what is this
hey yes I'm going to test this out with
my car
boom okay guys so this is what I need
for when I'm traveling anywhere so I can
just let Sylvia Drive plug this into a
lighter part in the car and then it has
two sockets over here and two USBs so
hopefully this works I don't know I just
found it fucking on Amazon it was like
what I like the 50 options I could find
and then I bought a cord to lengthen
this just in case it's just like an
extension cord for it so if I need to
edit in the back even though the Mac
will charger should be long enough I got
that but it's business time okay guys so
I can finally take a breath through all
the business stuff and edit the rest of
my vlog Sylvia has edited the track all
the way ok she's she's editing are you
done okay Sylvia finished my blog Sylvia
edited on my blog because she's the real
MVP I was really busy with behind the
scenes stuff oh my god I just kicked
over hey let me see your collar let me
see your collar let me see it look at
his new collar he doesn't even know what
it is good boy he's been running around
non-stop since we got here he should
have a nice sleep tonight alright guys
so we're in the car going back home now
but this is the perfect opportunity for
me to test out this invention the thing
I bought online so we're going to take
this and plug it into the lighter
oh my god I'm scraping everything okay
really is just this is just a hassle to
edit in the car guys it's not fun and I
don't even started editing down here put
it in okay it's all the way in going to
make sure this cord can squeeze out of
here so we can close this and actually
be kind of comfortable and put it we'll
just put it right there on top of the
middle of the curve we are going to plug
this in okay it plugged in okay I see a
spark when I saw I think you can turn it
on okay turn it on - there's a green
light that is green so I'm assuming it's
good and now put this cord in to my
laptop and see if the magic happens guys
it is on it is on I don't know how hot
this thing gets I hope it doesn't get
too hot I want to see my computer like
go up a percentage right now it's at
like 15% you can't really see so he was
editing this vlog on Final Cut even if
it weren't to charge it like quickly as
long as it could just keep it at like
one percentage and just prevent the
battery from going down like very
quickly because then I could edit in my
car all day and it wouldn't really be a
problem so this is blessed guys it went
up to 16% why can it not focus it went
up to 60% it's going up it is going up
I'm not really using my laptop but it's
going up this blast team saw a pair you
already know in this guy so I'm gonna be
honest I have not done much today other
than edit and like meet up with my mom
and talk about business and stuff
nothing has really gone on with my day
so I wanted to come home and just watch
some TV or play some video games I
really wanted to watch some TV but I was
kind of cheese because we finished the
first season of stranger things
yesterday and I think it's the only
season out right now and like I said
before we absolutely murk narcos so now
we are in need of a new television show
to watch nothing like with a billion
seasons cuz like I mean it could have a
billion seasons we could probably watch
it but something that has like maybe a
season or two seasons something dope
that's addicting is hell to watch so
stranger things was late
narcos was late I need another dope show
to watch for Silvia because after
watching those two shows it really has
to live up to the name of just won't
being played in this household - wolfies
passed out in his limp noodle stage I
mean a quick snack before bedtime to two
o'clock and I said to you guys i want to
improve my sleeping habits so this could
potentially be the shortest vlog on more
wolfy
because I'm going to end it right now I
got to get back on my sleeping schedule
tomorrow's vlog will be extra lit to
make up for this one I wanted to let you
guys know about wolfies haircut and
stuff I wish I could have got some
footage of Wolfie actually getting a cut
we were given this thing called a
podcast report like progress report and
apparently Wolfie behaved really well
and shit on them he didn't piss on them
well they apparently you should
miscreate really yeah actually the
second time he wasn't he just knew that
that's why I was doing this
well apparently will be actually did
shit himself and got shit everywhere
after the first back but the second bath
is better but anyways go down and smash
that like button for wolfies first
haircut let's get 25,000 likes i bore
the giveaway okay the first thing you
lose 15 you're gonna see on this vlog
hit 25 thousand likes without guy the
fucking iPhone 7 also I want you guys to
cover something down below so I know you
made it well it's not really the end of
the vlog it's pretty short vlog but
comment down below Wolfie 2 4 million
and I'm gonna comment back to a shitload
of you guys that do that because we are
on the road to formula on the main
channel and I will see you guys on more
Wolfie where we say a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay out
