good morning ayo eschatos your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy it's actually
the morning so I can say that I'm just
editing my vlog right now got my
computer right there I got the blinds
closed because I don't I don't know why
I have the blinds closed to be honest
it's like 9 a.m. I got to start waking
up early more often because I feel so
much more productive with my date if I
can start making it a routine to edit my
vlogs in the morning then I don't have
to worry about doing it at night which
would save a lot of stress on me so I
think this is what I'm doing I just chug
two coffee back so I'm feeling hyper as
hell even though I still feel tired
here's an update on these balls that I
put in the water last night as you guys
can see I do not think they're gonna get
any bigger than this this is probably
like the maximum size that they will get
but I wanted to show you guys a surprise
with these not warning you guys what
you're about to see is gonna fucking
blow your mind it blew my mind honestly
just look at this this is the coolest
thing I've ever fucking seen in my life
ok so I want everybody in the comment
section right now take a second okay and
I want you to guess something whatever
gets this answer right I will follow on
Twitter Instagram like anything you want
I will fucking follow you so leave a
comment down below your guest for this
as well as your Twitter and your
Instagram because I might be following
you you yeah you watching this video so
check this out I want you guys to
comment down below how many of these
balls are in this liquid this water
right here just comment it down below
I'll give you a second as you can see
nothing crazy I'll spin it so I don't
know if you can see but have you guys
commented yet have you commented yet one
more look I give you one more look okay
here you go let it focus there you go
I'm guessing you guys have commented by
now if not possible video comment the
number you guessed coming or Twitter
coming your Instagram but here we go I'm
about to blow your mind look at this if
you guys said the answer is three that
is where you're wrong because check it
out yes we got the one yellow one down
here I can't grab it it's slippery throw
it in there which other one did you see
you saw a blue one you can kind of see
the blue one over here in real life it's
a lot harder to see but we got the blue
one put the blue one back in here and
then you guys probably set the green one
so three I'm guessing a lot of you guys
commented three BAM no no that's yellow
whatever yellow it looks green what if I
told you there was like a hundred more
balls in there but you just couldn't see
them the boy is not lying look at this
there is a shitload of clear balls in
here that you cannot see so look I'm
just going to put my hand in no edits
this is not trophy
and I'm bringing bringing my hand out
right now boom boom boom boom boom boom
look at these balls guys look at these
balls you take them out of the water and
they're just regular beads the clear
ones just like that so I picked out all
the clear beads because as soon as you
put them in the water I'll give you a
close-up as soon as you put them in the
water they're gone
lift them out they're there put them in
the water
look at this close-up put them in the
water gone there they're literally scoop
up a billion I put so many in do you
guys see this like look at how cool this
is I scoop them out boom and they just
feel like just squishy little balls like
I can't even explain the feeling like
I'll put one ball down here as you guys
can see I'll let it focus and yeah this
is oh okay
it's bouncy it's bad but yeah if we can
get a hold of this ball can we squish it
is the question okay so yeah it explodes
Wow it just fucking exploded in my hands
so we can squish it and that's what it
looks like maybe if we put this back in
the water what will happen so as you can
see it's on my finger and it's gone it's
totally gone it rinses away look what
happens when I throw a ball back into
the water tell me where this ball goes
gone the ball is gone I'm gonna take
this one ball drop it in gone two more
balls gone how many balls all these
balls you think you'd see them okay
piece they're gone they're literally
gone if I give you a close-up on the
side you can partially see the balls
like I don't know if you guys can see
that but you can see a lot of the balls
are spinning around you really really
have to look to see these balls but you
can see them can you see like the
silhouettes of the ball this is insane
from up above what can you see you can
see my camera I don't think you can see
the much from above guys is that not the
fucking coolest shit you've ever seen
like what I just don't get it okay guys
so we just got to redo the dough the big
mall in Ottawa we are buying stuff from
the Atlas
are basically it's giveaway time it's
giveaway season I'm doing a giveaway
Dave's doing a giveaway dad could
possibly do anything
okay so triple giveaway I'm about to
ball the fuck out of a poster because I
love my fans love my supporters love my
wolf Pam I don't think a booster is
about to know it's going to hit them I'm
just gonna walk in walk out with three
iPhone sevens
maybe more maybe I've had two guys you
can see Apple store elbows incoming here
we go Luongo texted me an hour ago if
he's still here trying to get his iPhone
like I told you guys to struggle it's
absolutely hilarious laughter this man
asleep
I don't see him cuz that Bongo oh my god
father's here gone bonkers in this bitch
bongos here Mongo's here did you get you
got it see ya bitch this is the three
freakin days you got his iPhone cover me
look at that hey guys these are the
iPads I'm just waiting for the dude to
bring out the iPhones basically they're
coming they're coming about yo Charlie
trick the system I tricked this really
loud 2x2 this guy got three I bought
them in separate purchases I was like
you know what fucking the guy was cheese
and he's like if you trick the computer
then what I gotta do it I'm gonna buy
some iPods dude I think not these woods
because I don't have that money
should have bought some iPads too that's
what iPhone said it's to the wolf fam
yeah you gotta get a wolf in what they
want a K not the most expensive one we
get a cheap one bro that's the most DS
iPad that's for doctors well this is
nothing bro it's literally like a laptop
like you don't need a laptop once you
have them goddamn let's see the first
technology guys the purchase has been
done we got the gold one the rose gold
one because I know I got some girl fans
and then the black one jet black was
extremely hard to get so I couldn't get
that one but it is what it is there's
still i phone sevens please I can enter
to win right alright guys so I got this
stuff from Apple I met a few fans in the
Apple Store so shout out to everyone I
met too many names to remember but now
we're just walking around the mall oh my
god these guys are going to get samples
I'm with Ryan sways with lines please
anyways yeah we are gonna leave Rio soon
because I got a film-like we are on a
limited time schedule sean has a
birthday dinner tonight so we've got to
make that so we are in a rush cause we
got samples going on in a Nespresso
but my favorite flavor is uh I was right
over here dark on no say no more about
Simon's with that bead hat I'm not
stepping foot into this damn store I
don't read Simon's don't sponsor me the
question is that H&M have any more
Justin Bieber apparel yes or no this is
where it was last time and I don't see
it might be a flop guys it might
beautiful nope they're all out they're
all out I can't be here anymore
yeah tell me something new bro yeah
that's the way you guys bongo might have
found me some new merch I got my nice
pink sweater looks like an off-white
ripoff but it's all good money from
off-white this is better anyways off
pink that's another comment down below
did I buy this or not I probably already
bought it by the time you saw shut up my
dude Tory Lanez killing it this guy's
absolutely killing it right now god damn
and Shawn Mendes God we got Talan right
here talent anyways we are almost done
shopping for giveaways supplies were in
Walmart right now David's getting a ps4
I think that might be buying an Xbox for
FIFA and we just reserved FIFA 17 for me
and David at micro placer Ramon they're
getting food and then filming for the
rest of the day guys are back at my
house now I want to show David the the
water balls how many balls are in this
water that yeah yeah zero yeah okay
bless then what's this what the most
trippy thing you'll ever see in your
life well there's so many I know where I
put mad you literally throw them in and
they're gone it's mind-boggling anyways
guys these are insane we're about to
film so I got to stop my vlog for a bit
I got to set up the giveaway to me David
and Jade are doing I gotta get filming I
gotta start torturing myself you know
the typical stuff that Wolfie does
so guys we are on route 2 Mandarin we're
going to the all-you-can-eat buffet I'm
not even that hungry but gotta show love
at Sean's birthday today apparently it's
not a surprise anymore because he asked
me he's like yo you coming like jatt or
DJ and Bongo are coming so whatever it's
not a surprise it's all good we might
still surprise him me and David we might
buy him a cake that's the plan we were
supposed to be there for 5:45 just left
my house at 6 o'clock so Sean guy shows
lead an Asian guys always shot we're
running on Jamaican time but we're there
don't worry
put aside filming for your birthday
that's a man ball
about to throw David basically the David
throatfuck Eduardo with this that's not
gonna be the thing he's gonna know
what's in it all year but you know I'll
wipe it off just like and you know here
spike it so that the juice comes out got
a hit at least yeah we go activate
activate I'll go go go oh shit that was
long ago okay go go
Giants acted it done
bottle bottle bottle bottle go there all
right David yo Bongo oh hi rice go so
long is gonna crush it up and I just put
it on like the rim of the cup so that
when jad drinks it that guy who's done
no that's like that you got time whoa
snake go stage they
oh shit alright here what happened to DJ
what happened to that see what happened
what did you do
I lifted him on fire yeah hey guys so me
and Sylvia are heading in from dinner
now it was it was dope basically the
whole time me and Bongo and everyone was
just trying to prank each other so now I
got wolfy a little junior in my lap we
just picked him up from my parents house
this guy was acting up there but not as
soon as he steps foot in the car
he's regular again and I sleeping on my
lap so he needs to learn how to behave
himself in other people's identity gets
way too damn hyper but tomorrow
wolfy has his first haircut so he's
getting his hair cut his nails cut thank
fucking god because this guy when he
walks around the house that's all yours
it's gross now we're gonna go home I'm
gonna edit the vlog I think all the boys
are going out tonight I don't think I
can go out tonight we've been out in the
boat since the morning I really haven't
been home too much all day so I got a
sit-down grind my ass and gears and get
some editing done and then if I get the
end of the gun which I'm probably gonna
get it done in time me and Sylvia can
watch some more stranger things
any time I am not doing anything I just
throw on an episode of stranger things
okay guys so I got two boxes right here
I'm gonna unbox them quickly hopefully
they are the computer parts if they are
I didn't read the packages yet so I just
picked them up and brought them home
quickly after the computer parts I'm
gonna bring them to Chris but let's see
what we got so we got a package - I got
my lipstick organizer finally nice what
is this this is like a stand maybe for
like a something that I bought something
that I bought from the computer like I
really just
oh shit I don't want to lose these I
honestly have no idea what is it ought
to be in this box oh I think I know what
it is I think I know what it is guys I
think I know what it is
oh yeah DIY hope is about to be lit
never mind I I know it is expect this
video and like a week or two our main
channel it's gonna be a banger guys so I
just opened up the second box cuz I was
like you know what could this possibly
be and look at this this is all I gotta
say I've been waiting for this forever
David probably got his - I'm assuming
it's something from YouTube cuz it's a
big black box I mean this part it's kind
of chipped off but you know we got that
there so please tell me this is the gold
play button if not it's a flop I'm gonna
do this one more Wolfie I'm gonna unbox
it so this is what it is guys open this
up and is a letter from YouTube I've
gotten one of these before this might be
a flop guys this might be as well this
may be as well oh jeez
it's a silver it's it's not even my gold
play but nevermind it is immoral yeah
you you've just done something very few
YouTube creators accomplished you had an
astonishing 100,000 people subscribe to
your channel a million subscribers may
seem a long way off right now fucking
50k Dottie did more has got a silver
play button guys this is it any of this
isn't your million won cuz that one's
supposed to be way bigger
yeah a million I know is big but this
box honestly looked kind of big like
this one more Wolfie congrats for
surpassing 100,000 subscriber yeah let
me compare this to my doing wolfy jr.
what the heck are you doing
get off the shoot say word it's bigger
whoa I don't even mind it's a lot bigger
the new 100,000 subscriber silver play
button Wow saying they put some respect
on the wolfy's name guys I wanna troll
but I was like yo two hundred thousand
of you go subscribe to my 9 channels and
then we have like fuckin a wall of
silver play buns I think we should do
that let me know in the comments if we
should do that just the fuck you - so
guys I was just an absolute savage and
you know these things that I was showing
you earlier these or be oh my god Sylvia
squish the fuck out of them basically I
wanted to buy the jumbo jumbo jumbo ones
the ones they get huge cuz I thought
these ones were the ones that got huge
but turns out they only get this size
which is still massive compared to what
they were but I want bigger okay I
scoured I searched the entire internet I
finally found them that in sell them on
Amazon they didn't sell them on or be
website I found some on eBay so I just
bawled out but a bunch of fucking
massive ones and a lot more and I made
sure to get a lot of the plain clear
ones cuz those are the ones I want and
you know what I seen a lot of people do
like Orbeez bath challenge and shit like
that so you know I may do that you know
no we're always taking good way
what's wrong me but kinda has an
aftertaste of coke do you don't see
anything
no the Orbeez it's a billion I'm kind of
on the bend here I thought you're gonna
swallow them I thought you're gonna
swallow them I'm cheese I need to pour
some water get the water out come on
come on boy
and they appear whoa
there's so many in there the whole time
and you couldn't see them anyways guys
I'm gonna end the vlog off there I hope
you guys enjoyed it's late I'm gonna go
watch some stranger things with Silvia
but I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if
you did make sure to go down and smash
that like button right now I want 25
thousand likes 25 thousand links so
right now go down and hit that like
button
okay bless also if you guys made it to
the very end of the vlog I want you guys
you guys know holidays I want you to
comment something down below so I know
you're the late-night gang your end game
you made it to the very end of my vlog
so comment down below
magic Wolfie that's a magic Wolfie you
already know anyways again I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
