okay so here we go good morning a yo
what's good - boy wolfy welcome back to
more wolfy I hope you guys are having an
amazing day it is still snowy outside in
Ottawa guys the weather is fucking
Dookie but we are continuing with
another Bangor vlog basically we just
stopped at NCIS to pick up some computer
monitors I told you guys I would friggin
hook Ryan up with all of his computer
dream setup well not by him it but like
driving because he doesn't have a car he
doesn't house g1 licence so before we
begin the vlog go down and smash that
like button partially because we're cold
and partially because you guys roasted
the fuck out of my hair last night I
wasn't feeling it roll the clip okay
guys so I'm at the boy's house right now
and like I didn't expect to film this
part of the video but you guys literally
me and Ryan we're just sitting and you
guys are roasting the fuck out of my
hair okay why do I always have to be a
target to such hate I can't deal with it
yesterday I got racially profile at the
store
today I'm getting roasted by my own fans
like I know you guys love me but my hair
doesn't look like worms okay it doesn't
look like maggots did we try to change
my hair I'm not changing it because I
like it but you'll read some of these
comments
oh I'm recording this with my phone no
no not the porcupine master just one
person literally you guys are bandwagon
is I don't even like my own fans no I
love you guys but one person says oh he
looks like a porcupine in every comment
has to be he looks like a porcupine
please read some of these comments you
know your hair feels disgusting look
like Mike the carpet in my house holy oh
my god you have cats that just rip up
your carpet alive
edge hedgehog I look like fuckin this is
like wolfy reads mean comments guy this
is not planned for but what's his hair
though there's so many of them to no
shade but hey wolf you say looks like a
porcupine no there's more bro wolfies
head looks like the porcupine I'm tired
of seeing Ryan in the and yo you guys
there was a lot of comments saying you
guys need to stop pausing the video that
you're reacting to K we've done enough
reactions we know how to react we just
wanted to roast Alexis
f off I'm tired over hiding in the
videos but I'm even more tired of him
wearing the Hugo Boss seeds get so hurt
Alexis carved out two seconds okay a few
more that's just it's calling let's calm
down with these comments guys you guys
need to chill literally like I did
nothing to you and you anyways guys
we're gonna read one more comment what's
the final comment the low blow that's
gonna just kill me for the night guys it
was because my hair was all slicked back
because it was like freshly tweeze right
now I'm like pushing it forward it's
gonna look wavy you guys are gonna be to
get fake dreads cuz I moved out got your
hair your hair slants for the upper left
to the bottom right just pointing out so
you get a new barber no no holy who's 9
clacks you know kid number as your
profile I am anyways almost my own fans
roast me good naval family anyways let's
go get some
serve your hand what was the last time
you were here why because it glows in
July 2007
stay close July 30 17 no it's not a
story no no what do you mean by extreme
Peeta no no please please all right guys
so first stop for the day just like
yesterday it's already a fail the place
I checked online last night and they
said they were open X hours maybe they
changed location we're gonna get back in
the car cuz it's cold let's fetus open
today from 11:00 to 7:30 we're right
here
so then what's poppin why are you not
open this is oh can I grab the chicken
Caesar Peter please oh yeah I'm just
gonna add extra stuff on it as well and
can I get double chicken in it guys I
got a stuck up on my protein I actually
convinced him to come into the peter
place because i haven't had it in a
minute i was craving something like
decently healthy cuz i'm on my health
tip now and I was like I kind of want
one of those things called a burrito
with their two fillings so we're doing a
PITA
come on I do not regret a second of this
guys this is so friggin good throw my
hair from our people shout out all my
ass some are people who mute the volume
for two seconds if you don't like ASMR
but if you do how do people like that
so we're looking for computer supplies
and I found the most tripping mouse of
all time
come on yeah yeah hold well it works bro
it literally works on the screen no this
is crazy
it actually does for your hand though
like why would you use it the fuckin I
don't even know what sort of regular
Mouse looks like guys this is what a DS
up Mouse looks like in 2018 this is 2018
that was weird to say I'm carpet no no
vertical mouths 2022 bucks
Verdun lawns game around this carpet is
so late ya know it's so easy to click
right click on it world's first vertical
no so that's you know here selling the
Iron Man Mouse no wait I was a kid time
17 that is H or the I'm copping give me
that guys I'm gonna prank Ryan and tell
him that I'm gonna get this for him as a
present because he'll never drive a real
car and the only car he'll ever drive
because he doesn't even have his g1 is
in a game so I think I'm a call from
this and then I'm thinking about getting
a steering wheel up here I think that
might be my Christmas present and the
virtual reality racer what and they go
coach
yo yo Ryan Z's let me get him in no I'm
just carving some quick stuff okay know
that cuz it's like for you cuz you'll
never drive so I'm thinking about yeah
yeah that's actually a nice ball
practice the thrust master oh this is
the shoes by my friend his dream car
never drive this is probably the biggest
impulse purchase of the day guys I'm
buying a douchey hard work because
honestly at the clubhouse these things
are fucking fun as hell to ride around
even though they're not cool and they're
overrated as hell and I haven't done any
research on this brand I'm assuming it's
gonna be lit so I'm a copper from my
house so I can have one in Canada and
America last stop for the day and then
I'd never have to like look for ship
again guys literally I had to pull up
two staples I put a mouse on hold
because when I'm editing cuz yes I still
do edit half my videos when I'm on road
and like when I'm in LA and I have to
edit like a main Channel video or some
shit like that it takes a lot of time
because of the trackpad on a Mac but I
do love my Mac so I'm picking up a mouse
right now and there's a really good
Mouse I just did reviews when I was just
take
gonna pee on the toilet sitting down
like a real man and staples has the most
it's on hold
Bob the Builder can we fix it yes we can
all right guys so I just learned on the
way home that the car like this is like
the rental car that I get it's like the
loaner car it has launch control and
this car is ridiculous there's like over
600 horsepower in it ridiculous so
basically I'm going to do a launch
control right now so I have my left foot
on the brake you got to do this quick
before anyone comes now we're gonna go
click on the car mode and put it in
dynamic which is like basically sport
mode and then turn off traction control
meaning the car could slip at any moment
there's a car coming behind me so I
gotta go quick push that this is my
girlfriend reacting to supercar launch
control I don't like this actually hold
on I'm gonna pull to the side and let
this car go past me I told you it on the
side street
I hate all my four ways to them a safe
driver I'm terrified of getting to
accident just like in general for any
part no no no wait I'm miss bill Michael
yeah hold your coffee 600 horsepower
guys let me put my foot on the brake
are you ready listen to this no no okay
so here we go please I'm actually scared
here you go just don't lose control roll
the window down guys I have to make sure
there's no slush anywhere else he turned
off we can we can spin out and die
ah 3 2 1
no no no no oh no you're gonna break the
car this is not something you should be
doing in winter do one more I should
have let it run I shoulda let it read
more Oh God is everyone holding on oh
here we go
ok I gotta turn back on traction control
I need some traction guys we're just
testing out the limit to the car cuz you
want to know if it's safe you know what
I mean and this car guys is not a joke
when are you gonna be doing that first
of all like when you're surviving but
look I'll put it like I'll put it put it
in whatever neutral listen to how loud
this cars
my god hold on guys listen to this this
is this noise
the whole car shakes when you do that
holy
yo youtubers my loaner car is faster
than your regular car
come at me oh my god okay we'll do one
more on the way back I'm just gonna turn
around but that is so insane I didn't
like that it literally like your whole
body goes backwards it's like suction
you like get sucked into the wheel yeah
you do it sucked into the ditch chair
yeah the racy seats by the way okay let
me just make sure I'm literally trying
to get in the middle of the road so that
like there is no way that I can all
right there you go last try
dynamic drive it up to maximum no no no
no no no
not smooth this up if you if you heard
that guys I had to stop multiple times
yeah why because car was gonna spin hope
this car winter is not like Ottawa's not
a place you want to be doing this but we
were we did it under safe circumstances
were on a safe road guys I've been back
here literally I had to come out to the
middle of the country to do this because
I wanted to be safe you can't be doing
this in the city but that is dope now
drive safe I'm eight foot in comfort
mode comes remote it is actually eco
mode please this car literally a stock
like he's like oh my grandma is a savage
she should do one thing anyways guys we
got to go back home now I picked up the
mouse we got everything we need just
your mom would go yeah yeah I might call
this car a because this is Mb if you
want to see me try that with my mom
smash the like button if we hit thirty
five thousand likes I'll get my mom's
reaction because she is so scared of
supercars she can't even handle a
regular car yeah like she can't handle
eco-mode anyways we gotta get back very
quickly actually guys we stopped the
parking lot like it's pretty nice it's
like really nice and open so there's
gonna be no crashing me and silver
actually we were thinking about making
like a video on her channel where she
tries putting on makeup when I drift
obviously safety drift taking the right
precautions so I'm just gonna see if she
can handle me drifting at all we're just
gonna do a quick little drift just like
hold the camera ready no see this is
like a sample drift tell me if you're if
you're down with this wait wait wait
wait
yeah you're gonna hit the pool
chose to roast roast roast roast roast
roast we're gonna flip we're gonna we're
gonna are you gonna put on bacon come up
here like this okay I'm actually
petrified if you want to see like sit in
the car subscribe to watch that video in
the future
ding can you film not tomorrow Smart
Balance scooter guys I must be the
youtuber that has purchased this
hoverboard scooter the absolute latest
but I don't care because I can ride
around my floors with it all these
hardwoods they deserve to have some
tread marks on them if you know what I
mean
time to unbox this bad boy would you
look at that it already came with a full
charge all it is is a charger and the
board so let's see if we can ride this
thing but they ride my microphone fell
off on my camera hold on let me reattach
it hold on guys
hold on yes there we go hoverboard
Wolfie is in full effect guys in full
effect this is not how I'm gonna
transport it around my house let's see
if the dogs like it yo Prince Wolfie
Prince hey buddy come here come to Daddy
do you think what this hover board do
you like it whoopee whoopee oh we got
the smoothest camera shots on here
Prince oh oh I'm nice Prince do you like
this thing do you know what it is no you
don't like it coming come for a ride no
no oh thanks
oh my god trying to give him treats
throw they both in you
friends we're on the first hoverboard
ride good boy Vince good boy so I'm
gonna try some tricks with Prince to be
honest let's go
Hey three two one go
good boy good boy what what do you wanna
right let's go sit come on word good boy
first dogs upper border huh Wow amazing
both hey I think Wolfie like some way
more than Prince he's chillin there you
go boy well the dogs can write it alone
I'm just too nice what telling you I'm
nice buddy come on
whoopee yeah I think I can actually
chase him on this come here well whoopee
nice giant part we've done filming my
main channel video and look at Prince
leaping is the cutest thing ever
I'm stressed he woke up he was literally
on his back guys passed out passed out
saying it's been a long day a prince
watch him oh good boy
that's the stretch I was talking about
buddy cutie don't fall off the couch oh
oh my god yeah what's fell off the couch
come on Prince Oh Wolfie wants attention
now typical you guys are predictable
shout out my mom forgetting me this for
Christmas I thought this is honestly the
most of weird present ever but it's kind
of addicting you're supposed to hit the
ball up like this really fast and it's
like impossible as you guys can see like
it's really scary but with Soviet advice
you have a new accurate of 31 are you
gonna do guys is just hit it hit it
okay show them are you hitting it at
first it starts hitting at first
possibly good but you just got to keep
it level so it keeps it straight and
comes right back up in the center 1 2 22
view or not that was not you skip - yeah
comment down below that was that I
thought it was that 22:38 only because
my wrist got tired but guys when I set
my mind to something I'm the best in the
world
I beat him and you would not stop until
he beat my okay okay I'll throw this
game out if I retire at 41 haha that's
cuz this cord got tangled this game's
over
I'm not playing that way 39 go do ten to
ten go ahead
we have the camera ready 15 minutes of
fame go do ten well actually hold up big
tell us all you do is game live guys we
were not lying PG in his vids real-life
cure for the kids who don't lie about
these things alright do 10 you didn't
hit 10 for the folks 41 is the record
actually 38 is the record Hamish I like
though when the camera turned out at 40
feet I didn't 3/6
it you know about 36 I was a force at 36
it was a force at 36 it was a force she
doesn't actually hit it 16 year old keep
telling yourself that
oh no I don't want to see it you have
one try it yeah what is that like 16
Europe intervention with John and
where's jack doesn't playing with you
oh we do his game that's where
I'm telling you guys we don't lie about
the little Soviet nobody is like no no
you Oh guys this thing is so strong we
just went to go get food or you came
back we're playing with it
look at how bees it is I knew like
little kids could do this but oh my god
it's pushing me against the wall oh oh
it's gonna kill me I don't beat me up
it beats we have holy shit that's like
this thing went dream weightless when it
doesn't want to fight ah my me yeah
another trick that I can do Wolfie let's
show them the uber trick let me pick up
on the corner of the couch please Wolfie
we talked about this look at this you
can also clean with it please put the
chair way chair way same my and let me
wrap it again Wolfie come here let's
show them the trick where do you want to
go back there
fasten your seat belt hold on let's go
whoopee when I try go forward it doesn't
work
Oh Loki it kind of works Oh a lot of
power it looks sick too because the
lights aren't hitting the oh my god oh
this is amazing guys this is amazing
well I'm on this so late I just finished
hopping out the shower guys I never
thought the day would come where your
boy is forced to wear a do-rag literally
I used to wear this cuz like back in the
day I used to have cornrows this is like
way back in the day yeah I'm wearing
underwear to get over it
this is a slay underwear Justin Bieber
merch right here purpose tour what you
know about that I'm the number-one
believer in the world I got my freaking
hoverboard oh yeah just driving around
swaggy things anyways um I have to wear
this do-rag because if I don't wear it
then my the maggots on my head the bull
of better it calls the Mexican candy
will will disappear as you can see this
has a lot of like stuff on it it's kind
of gross but you need this beeswax in
order to keep this stuff in place
otherwise it's gonna the curls are gonna
come out when I go to bed and I'm Loki
trying to grow these I actually didn't
they look fresh right now well yeah I'm
just chilling with Silvia got like two
little dog children here my boys right
come here
come in the block come on the vlog boy
good boy
Prince yes guys they actually start to
listen to me alright miss it here I want
to bring Wolfie to friggin LA with me
because his dog needs to be out there
cuz he loves his dad but he doesn't know
how to behave on planes I mean so we're
gonna try and figure that out
he's so bad Silvia got her visa
officially officially I'm still working
on mine mine should be in in the next
couple of weeks so I like her in the
next two weeks I should hear back from
that so really starting to look for a
place okay yeah we're gonna figure that
out we gotta find another place in LA
that's not the co-host because there
needs to be some host for me and Silvia
and the dogs to kick it out when we're
out
and I know there's like Mad Dog scissors
but like I'm gonna miss it here
literally like the second I got my visa
is the second I get a friggin my own
house in my in my hometown let these
dogs but yo we're just chillin I'm gonna
miss it here I don't even know what I'm
doing with my life right now I'm living
day by day guys I'm living day by day
trying to figure out my stuff in LA I'm
trying to the heck this is Adam on yo PG
Oh age-restricted thank ya okay good
guys he was trying to do something
appropriation I don't know what my
parents are doing because they said they
come to LA they still become they need
next time I go to my parents see to come
visit me there and Wolfie needs to be
there 100% so we're gonna figure that
out anyways it's really late right now
me and so we were supposed to go in the
hot tub because it's actually kind of
relaxing go in the hot tub when it's
really cold weather but we've been
waking up later than we wanted to the
past couple days in a row so tomorrow
has to be a productive day I got to do
some business in the a.m. so I'm gonna
call it a day right now and jump in my
bed this is the bed that literally I
swear this the most comfy bed I've ever
had in my fuckin life yeah you could not
get up in the morning guys it's
depressing the bed I sleep in is so not
yeah it's like Springs guys my dogs
literally know when it's bedtime like
crazy friends you know that good come
here look at this they're so jealous of
each other but Prince likes to sleep
right here
let's see between the two foes and
Wolfie usually like I just cuddle up
against them and we usually each get one
dog for the okay relax relax I'm try to
end the vlog
whoopee can you sit down down good boy
he actually listens to his dad hey you
you literally did it for two seconds
Prince dude hey down go boy but yeah I'm
gonna end the vlog off there guys if you
enjoyed the vlog be sure to go down
smash seligman let's add a thousand
likes on this video comment down below
and getting information to the end of
the vlog and I would be commenting back
to you guys that's how I know you are
loyal little feminine you literally
watch the entire vlog you so you guys
deserve the lovin and I will see you
guys soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage of my main
channel and as always Prince end it off
stay savage now go Oh John the camera
are you good good boy my god
