good morning AOS cadetship boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy we are on the
road to the vent like I said last night
wolfy has an appointment he's getting
his rabies shots he's getting other
shots so now he's officially gonna be
allowed to go to like dog training
school and all that which is blessed
because we want to take him there ASAP
yes shape he's on my lap we're whipping
his ass into shape we got Silvia here
and so we're taking him and then I don't
know we're doing I have really have
nothing planned for today this guy's
trying to do a crazy ass turn in a
roundabout Keo
otherwise filled with terrible drivers
guys terrible drivers yeah you're self
included don't come down to our if you
don't know how to drive like this plug
in the dirt this is just me holding my
arm it's like a workout while I'm
driving but I don't look at the camera
so we're safe anyways wolfies in my in
my lap and we just arrived at the place
but I'm gonna be smart and park across
the street because last time like the
parking there is so packed that you
can't park there
oh my god applause manikin holy
guys the realist mannequin or 2016 look
at this girl you know we should get
after some chest pizza you know we
should after some fish kebab chest no
some chest pizza yes yes do they mean to
call it jeez what's that supposed to be
a joke I think they meant to call it
cheese and then they flopped booze man's
are these all right Wolfie your time is
up let's go why is there not one person
in the friggin parking lot I don't know
guys it might be closed the day we think
we have the appointment this could be
the biggest flop of the year here we go
Wolfie so we just wait him and he is way
more than last time
I feel good no one else is in here but
Wolfie jr. scared to death right now but
we give him a treat anyone want to eat
the street we had to put a treat on the
scale for me too but we're here now
we're just waiting on his appointment
hey you want three gonna have promised
Network three and a half pounds if he
gets any more than four I'm taken back
to the first name sold it to the
settings degree for badly behaved buddy
behave
we got the needles right here guys
Wolfie is his pants last time
he was like just relax this time he
knows what he's getting into so he's
nervous hey everything's fine Wolfie
you're scared it's fine it's just a
needle I hate needles so because
we were mid move when we got Wolfie jr.
we misplaced I guess his documents his
age everything
like they needed to know about him we
misplaced those like I don't know when
we misplace them because we misplaced
them but anyways we didn't know his
birthday we kind of knew his birthday
because we knew when we got him when we
knew how many weeks old he was but we
were off by a few days so now we just
got them to print out a new record of
everything and he's had all the vaccines
so now you have all this documents hey
you're good
we know how old you I know 18 looking
ass and I have all his information so
now we can get him to puppy training
because I think he's old enough well he
has a shots now and we can also get his
haircut right laughing everything you
got everything for you buddy
everything okay guys so enough is enough
silly and wolfy jr. are in the car we're
gonna go back to the lighting source the
last time hopefully unless we have to
pick up the better lights but look like
I've been telling you guys in the past
like three to four vlogs as you can see
this light is amazing right it's amazing
but there's one that is brighter so
check this out if we push this umbrella
out there is essentially this much space
to like upgrade the size of the light
and there's like a light at the store I
don't think it's in the right color that
we need but I know we can have a light
ordered in but the issue is it just does
the light fit in like this space or is
it gonna rub up against the metal pole
that's the only thing we don't want if
it doesn't rub up against the metal pole
then we're getting a new light so I
thought the best way to finally end this
because it's been bugging me the past
like week is just see if the bulb fits
how are you do that by bringing this
umbrella this black piece and the actual
light bulb actually don't need the
actual light bulb just the umbrella and
the black piece to the store and
plugging that actual leg in to seem a
fit so that's we're doing all right so I
got the pieces that is what the light
bulb looks like without this piece and
this piece on it we are good to go
please guys pray for me I'm praying
slight fits or maybe they have a better
alternative
I don't know now that I actually have
these two parts maybe they can give me a
better option anyways we got our stuff
wilfy juniors gonna chill in the car
with Silvia I think I brought everything
I need to see if the light bulb fits
let's go so this is a new light as you
guys can see it is just touching just
touching here there's like a little
little gap but it's way bigger
apparently it gives like double the
light so I think I'm gonna grab them
just because I feel like this isn't
gonna be the end of the world if they
touch the metal rod talked about
guys talk about lights love anyways we
will feed junior in the store and now
we're learning everything about lights
so hopeful juniors over there we ordered
four of the five hey lights the ones
that we needed we ordered so they're
probably going to be in like two one two
weeks so we're gonna keep all the lights
we have we might buy another set of
these lights so that me and Sophia can
do some three-point lighting look that
up we gotta learn about lighting we
don't know anything about lighting and
yeah we're gonna be really fast Wolfie
jr. how did it feel to be in your first
store stop crying in the store
applause that wasn't a thrift store oh
yeah everywhere we go people find them
in the bag and then they want to pet him
right Wolfie anyways we just talked to
the lighting God for like 40 minutes
everything should be sorted I'm just
gonna keep the lights I have until then
and I might even keep them after who
knows it's always good to have extra
watching some more stranger things guys
and I just realized that I'm probably
about to hit 3 million subscribers
tonight on my main channel David might
hit 2 million tonight if not easily
ended tomorrow but tonight I want to
celebrate because lately I haven't even
been watching my subscribers like from 1
million to 2 million I've watched them
like crazy because I was going up so
fast and then I tricked myself into stop
watching my subscribers from 2 million
to 3 million and then we just hit it
like literally it feels like I'm not 1
million subscriber still it feels like
yesterday that I was at 500 600
kg subscribers so holy thank you
for all the support guys and they just
made some chicken burgers
she made its own Hamburger Helper so I
could have the chicken burgers real MVP
licking ass anyways stranger things is
getting intense very very intense right
now while we're watching and I'm just
looking for a portable macbook charger
and it's extremely hard to find for some
reason like I'm just looking for a
charger that I can bring in the car that
I can plug into like the lighter thing I
went to the source they didn't have it
I've been looking online for like the
past hour and it's really hard to find
something that's really good and trusted
and has good reviews and everything so
me and Sophia might go to Toronto for
the weekend so I'm looking for something
so she can drive and I can edit in the
car because literally I cannot stop
grinding like I'm addicted to the grind
I'm addicted to dropping banger videos
for you guys on this channel my main
channel and so I need to edit in the car
so I'm looking for something that I can
edit in the car while making sure my
MacBook doesn't die so it's either I'm
getting a portable charger or a charger
that is able to be directly plugged into
car I know the portable chargers are
more trusted and better when you're
buying one that plugs directly into the
car they're not like trusted like
randomized companies you find on Amazon
or Ebay or some like that
so decisions decisions I don't know the
decision I have to make right now is how
much sriracha I will put on this turkey
burger chicken burger and I think I'm
gonna put this much because I'm the I'm
the real sriracha God Dave check
yourself before you wreck yourself
not too much because we're gonna catch
up to what just gotta let Dave know hey
Dave it's gotta let you know I'll let
you have sriracha King but when it comes
to being a god of sriracha you know I
think that's me so guys I ordered all
these balls like online I'm pretty sure
these are like those like balls that
fill up with water and they're supposed
to get huge honestly I ordered a bunch
of them so I don't know exactly which
ones these are but I'm gonna throw them
in to a thing of water and see if they
get any bigger from when I go to the
store to when I get back home maybe
they'll get bigger right now they are
 absolutely tiny if you guys can
see you like this is my finger my finger
is almost bigger than like a whole
package but this is what they look like
just these little beads I hope these are
them if not that I absolutely played
myself but we'll track you guys I'm just
gonna put them into this big pot we got
a huge pot hopefully they don't overflow
wow they're really bouncy very very
bouncy there's no way this is actually
gonna do anything if these things get
any bigger
like I'm gonna trip out right right now
look at this compared to the size of my
finger like one fits on there it's like
a little little bug so I'm only gonna
put like four or five packages I guess
six packages because that's what came
with in each of these bows are flying
well the juniors being it and that's
gonna blow up in his stomach am i and I
hope I don't know huh he's over here
easy I don't know where it went you know
at least it says don't swallow oh god
yes
Rodi oh god one pack there we go thanks
get careful so I don't think that's
gonna do anything but that's what it
looks like I'm not putting too much in
right now and now before I leave to the
store I'm gonna put a bit of water in I
never looked up the instructions are
they getting bigger or is that are they
already getting here I think they're
already getting bigger
they might already be getting bigger so
I'll leave that there and then I'll
update you guys when I get back from the
store okay so I just got here and I saw
the signs that they were putting up for
this one new store that's coming in this
mall it's just right down there there's
a Michaels chapters a global like global
shoes and then they're making a home
cents and a Marshalls which is basically
like a winner's maybe I'm speaking like
gibberish to you I don't know if they
have all these stores in the States but
these stores are in Canada but anyways I
needed to get this off my chest cuz this
has been teasing me lately the new store
opening up is a Marshall slash home
sense it's like a split down the middle
I'm pretty sure it's both stores anyways
it used to be a Best Buy
so now this mall basically doesn't have
any electronics store and that's pretty
big for me I have a camera so I need
camera batteries I need cameras so a lot
of the stuff that I work with involves
electronics and when they take the
electronics store away from like right
by my house I have to travel pretty far
to go find a new store so I'm just
pissed because the only other
electronics store in this mall is way
down there beside bulk barn it's the
source and honestly I think I bought
like one thing from the source of my
life Best Buy has everything that they
have except more I'm kind of frustrated
because now every time I need to go buy
something like electronic I gotta go
travel to Mars and back just to get it
when they just could have just left the
Best Buy right here like there is no
issue with the Best Buy I just I don't
understand first he closed the future
shop made it a Best Buy and then I like
that yay Garen on the Best Buy to like I
bet you it like two months are gonna be
like yet HomeSense and Marshalls
can go let's just make another grocery
store because Loblaws and Walmart aren't
there already but let's just do another
one I'm gonna need one of these
but first apply is in the cart we got
two huge bags of potatoes I got yellow
potatoes because I'm trying to eat them
after the next thing I need should be
down this big big Iowa actually I might
be in there oh now I've never had this
before so I don't I don't know where I'm
going
water water water it's the next aisle so
I've been here for like two minutes and
I almost ran into somebody with my card
already literally he would have got an
absolute murk that was flying down the
aisle I need to be safe
got a call silly and ask if we have
something do we have a strainer like not
not one for pasta like that only allows
liquid through it like it collects the
small pieces just the pasta one OK I'm
buying us a new one oh I'm buying us a
different one all right so we don't have
it looks like I'm gonna pick it up for
the house and for my video today is
gonna be a good day I found five dollars
while I was walking at a Loblaws so you
know it's a lucky lucky day I'm going to
spend that on something nice I might buy
my mom a house or something
I haven't decided what I'm gonna do with
it's a lot of money so I don't know what
I'm gonna do comment down below what I
should do with this five dollars guys so
I'm just in the parking lot right into
my boy Jamal Jamal number one wolf him
alright guys so I just got home and
these things are a lot bigger like
significantly bigger they look like
fuzzy but they're actually all really
big jelly balls right here but they look
so trippy in the water so right now I
just picked up this guy who's vlogging -
we're gonna go to the boy's house
because I'm about to hit 3 million
subscribers it came so quick but we got
a rush there hey I'm gonna need two
million teen Lady
Brom gonna periscope and then I'll show
you oh ok three million two million one
a day bless It's A Wrap so that's the
gold Davidic two mil Wolfie - three mil
one night alright guys so instead of
going to the boys house we went to
David's house because we just texted the
boys and none of them are home but it's
all good
we got David's hue lights purple lights
it's a turn up session right here my
subscribers over here
David subscribers over here and now we
just wait so I'm gonna start editing my
vlog so I don't have to edit it tonight
later so I can just relax
kick back celebrate me at e3 most
subscribers think about what the hell
I'm gonna do for three male subscribers
I have no idea yet comment down below
what you think I should do I might have
already came up with an idea by the time
you guys comment but still comment
something below just in case I didn't
come up with an idea yet anyways
subscribers are going so here's an
update guys I'm around
200 subscribers away David I was going
enough to the boy oh you're just hiding
here huh David is 3 point 6
can't wait
anyways I'm probably gonna go on
periscope just for the live reaction
it's not gonna be crazy but I'm doing a
blessed follows free so if you guys are
watching this vlog the fall is free will
have already been done but as soon as I
hit it I'm gonna promo for David's
hitting to milk because if we can hit 2
million 3 mil in the same day that's
just a perfect night is amazing so
that's the goal and we're going out
clubbing tonight - for sure we're not
doing that
definitely Oh bro I'm going up all by
like ten at a time you'll get a shot
ready god I suppose a toss of music I'm
going on periscope right now alright
guys so we are officially okay I was
gonna say 95 but now we're like 90
subscribers away from three ml holy
they're flying now I'm gonna hit three
mil and like probably with how fast the
subscribers are going I'd say like one
minute not even not I'd say like three
minutes Wolfie - three mil is about to
be over well Beautif Orville is about to
start me and David are turning up that's
it
It's A Wrap pod periscope famis lid
these two shots are being taken this up
like I know you don't ever dis
70 subscribers away guys I'm not cutting
the footage that's because I'm just lit
the footage is not getting cut I'm
leaving it on until I hit three male
stripper dish 69 favorite number 69
subscribers let's get it but guys I'm
not gonna cry because one mole is crazy
scream I was like you guys this is
too late I love how you're not gonna be
able to use any of this vlog right copy
hey tango
iiiiii the Auto G Ottawa guys okay yeah
go if I don't make a cent off this vlog
 it
well it I turned the music on
copyright come on me
come at me I'm meeting three before you
gotta lie on your back I do let's get it
here we go guys
okay I see a MacBook Pro you need to
chill you're right you're getting the
trolls I gotta sneak in imagine one
seven I'm gonna give you a MacBook Pro
but then that's all of giving one
MacBook Pro so decide if you want I pad
chin Xbox ones yeah yeah come on trolls
come on trolls let's see this what's the
three millions on what's on do I want to
listen to I hit three mil take it you
gotta take it quite enough guys comment
a song what song should be my three
million song Oh 20 subscribers away 18
subscribers away cheese let's go guys
let's go oh my god fifteen holy I'm
holding two cameras I can't hurt you
puffer this right out here I'll hold
your phone okay bless Oh guys by the way
ten away last time I went into ten check
three mil euro holy guys six
subscribers oh line nine oh seven seven
it's gonna have it seven seven seven six
six come on come on come on come on go
on
stop answers wrong same thing it's gonna
go to three mil just right away go off
em alright guys so I hit three mils so
it is time retweeted like this tweet for
a follow let's get it poppin so here we
go let's just randomly go to the
retweets
I like retweets a little more than likes
and I is it lit I don't know you tell me
is this lit is this little nut for
everybody is this lit you tell me is
this lit how let is this how lit is this
right now boom boom boom boom boom it's
it's let it is lit don't tell me
it's not lit its lit Bam Bam Bam Bam
Griffin MC Dorf yen Farooq Sarah boom
Bam Bam Victoria Irving boom boom boom
boom boom let's go to the lakes Bam Bam
Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
I don't follow eggs that's the number
one rule Bam Bam
couple mark Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam follows
freeze late you already know what it is
so guys I was looking for giveaway
things because I want to do a huge
giveaway for hitting 3 mil
subscribers and I tweeted out a tweet I
was like what do you guys want I was
literally gonna get 3 X boxes 3 PS fours
and 3 iPods just like triple what I got
last time because it's a bigger
milestone but then every single person
tweeted me iPhone 7 so right now I'm on
the Apple website I found ones that are
actually available I thought they're
gonna be harder to get but basically you
can only order to out of time like
that's I literally had three in the bag
and I was gonna purchase them but you
can only get to me David totally would
have iPhone sevens and we're getting you
I put seven so we love our fans we love
our supporters thank you for 3 men on my
main channel and almost 1 mil in this
channel and David bro
this guy's 900 away to Millie's gonna
hit it oh this guy's gonna hit in the
next hour it's only 10 o'clock we did it
guys ok guys I don't know what the
hell's going on but David little okay
bro another 10 I mean shows guys
subscribers have gone up like honestly
they're going up like 10 a second
literally tennis and cardigans I'll just
skip up more than 10 watch this guys
what is going on dude I'm saying
broke in exactly 10 this guy's about to
hit 2 mil we did it - Ramel final on oh
my one more do it let me hold yo yo it
is on 20 it just wanna funny oh it's
about time all right here here bro you
got it you got it oh sure Lily no no
soup guys watch this one it's going the
next one is three mil girl this is on
you here we go I got you
I caught me - oh it went up like oh
my god don't let me shouting me oh
guys it what up like 50 no time I don't
even know Rob's speechless we're like
y'all I don't know if we're gonna hit it
- okay it's just really nilly
it's going a million let me know B so I
just went to the boys for a bit but I
completely played myself I forgot to
vlog anything I left my
 camera in the car but it's all
good Bongo is just telling me how much
of a struggle it was for him to get an
iPhone 7 plus like iPhone sevens are
kind of hard to get but seven plus and
if you want the biggest bass like you
are basically not getting one as this
guy just attacked my face when I came in
at Wolfie are you excited to see me or
my sandals it's kind of literally
attacked me but the moment of truth time
to see the balls that we've been waiting
on that we put in the water look at
Howdy's these balls are guys over here
yeah but then open like but one of you
when you actually pick them out they're
like guys these are insane these started
from nothing and now they're so huge I
guess we just keep putting water
hopefully they keep getting bigger I
don't know how this could possibly like
this this guys you can't even see the
balls like they were like a speck on my
finger to this like what are you kidding
me can you see these balls I'm not gonna
bite it I don't know what's in that I
don't know where it came from but we're
gonna see how big we can get these balls
I'm gonna leave them overnight with lots
of water this is not enough water we're
gonna need more water I'm gonna show you
guys something extremely cool on
tomorrow's vlog I want to save it for
tomorrow's vlog but today I will show
you check this out you can grab one of
these things these balls okay they're
gooey but they're bouncy slightly bouncy
like a bouncy ball and bounce nice oh my
you're gonna lose another one no news on
Wolfie Junior's gonna happen like this
slippery slippery bouncy balls it all
just looks like a blur and then you
bring your hands up and collect balls on
balls on balls like they kind of even
disappear in the water which tomorrow
you guys a seat I'll drop it born in
this clear thing okay so clear you can
only see like the shadow of the blue can
you even see that like right there it's
right there and I pick it up oh I
dropped it again slippery grab it and
it's out now we're gonna toss a pink one
in there yay
okay the pink ones way more visible you
can see that one right away
grab the pink and orange just let it
just dip it in there look at that look
how clear becomes the second it touches
water
in person it looks way more clear on the
camera you can actually see it but still
it literally looks kind of invisible
magic wolfy what you know about that
let's get it all right guys Silvia
winter bit so I have to be quiet so I'm
gonna end the vlog off here I got to be
at the Apple Store early morning and I
suck at waking up early so if you guys
enjoyed the vlog make sure to go down
and smash that like button please guys
let's get 25,000 legs on this vlog go
down smash like button if you haven't
already if you are a cute average you'll
do it okay that's what I thought also if
you guys made to the very end of the
vlog I just want you guys to comment one
thing down below so comment down below
iPhone 7 that's it comment down below
iPhone 7 and again I hope you guys
enjoyed and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay just a little
bit more savage than Wolfie Junior this
this thing that thing over there
and my main channel Lego
