good morning a always good boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie guys I'm not
gonna lie to you guys right now I'm sick
as hell I woke up
coughing non-stop you know my nose feels
stuffy my chest is like sore I do not
feel the greatest this morning so I just
spent like an hour non spent two hours
on TV watching stranger things
we watched like the next two episodes
it's blessed now reality finally hit me
in the face I got to edit for a bit
right I couldn't get out because I was
cuddling with Wolfie jr. but Nisan is
like little nibbling biting stage of the
day so you know what I think it's time
to edit as soon as Wolfie jr. starts
biting and stuff you know what buddy
I'm gonna go edit you can you can do
your own thing over here play with your
toys so it might be like a half edit
half chill it is Sunday so it's lazy
lazy Sunday guys Sylvia's cheesing me
she's watching The X Factor and it's the
first episode so you know what that
means like basically the bad people
haven't got kicked off yet and a lot of
the people that she's watching are
absolutely just killing my ears like I'm
not trying to be mean or anything but
like god damn like holy some of these
people have balls a lot of balls to come
on the show like like sounding like new
and hasting and I'm garbage it's Iggy
and the judges are choosing me because
Simon Cowell like he used to be a
hard-ass he used to be like super strict
but now like I know it's just for
television like they have to let like
not the best people through anymore
for at least the first few rounds so
like Simon's just like ah that was
terrible but you're making it into the
tomorrow night so so lots of people are
getting left through right now it's
choosing me taking a break committing
now so I got to cook this ground beef
because Sylvia as you guys have seen as
a person that puts tin foil in the
microwave so she doesn't really know how
to
what you have to say just don't talk
about me yeah let's just not talk about
Sylvia's chef skills so what you want to
do when you're cooking your ground beef
first you want to turn on the light
boom get that light going and because
it's already cooked we're just gonna
throw it on very low around here throw
in some water as well chef will be he
already know chef wolfies out here throw
in some water as well just to get some
moisture in so that we can throw the
taco seasoning in any more tacos I guess
okay that's definitely the most bugs you
bugs in there my mom actually texted me
today she's like you got me sick so now
both me and my mom are sick I don't mean
sick I literally wasn't even sick
yesterday I just had like a bit of a
cough I thought I was just allergies but
turns out I guess I don't even know if
I'm getting people sick maybe someone in
my house was getting me and my mom sick
so I don't feel the best I'm gonna need
to go to shoppers Drug Mart get some
medicine for sure 100% you don't have
anything in the house so I gotta get
better because your boy cannot afford to
be sick hey buddy what do you want well
if you wants to watch me cook so guys
actually there's this really cool food
hack not many people know about it but
what goes really well with tacos is dog
so I'm gonna cook Wolfie in the
microwave for like three minutes let's
just just open it up here all right
buddy don't squeal too much don't squeal
too much buddy we're going in there all
right we're gonna we're not gonna cook
you we're not gonna kick the dog we gave
him a shower so he smells so good
right now
he never smells like this and he doesn't
have that much I got right now wait okay
okay see he's just trying to make out
what the hell you're lucky I love you so
much you are lucky go sit with your mom
come in Jesus meek is the one trick he
doesn't know has come so like sometimes
I'll just stare to you for forever
he's learning everything else except he
doesn't know when to come okay you're
coming you're sniffing around guys I
might just have my mind blown because
Simon Cowell just said thank you for the
love sweetheart or something and he said
all love hold on is he saying it because
Harry Styles always tweets it always
says all of that's how he signs off so
singing it anyways I was wondering if
that was like a British thing let me
know in the comments below if all love
is like a British thing because I've
never heard of that other than Harry
Styles saying listen to this he just
rewinded the TV or rewound rewound we
rewound just to hear it again hey Simon
just say it all love all love it must be
a British thing it must be a British
thing if you guys are from the UK let me
know let me know if that is a thing cuz
I have no idea I thought it was just
Harry Styles being cool as but I
guess he's not as unique as I thought
but Harry Styles is still a god but you
know like you know I mean okay that's
the last thing I'm saying about X Factor
but please tell me if you guys watch
these shows you know that they do this
like when they're about to keep people
they act as if they're about to send
them home and they make it super
dramatic just for TV like they just
walked into a room and they were like
you know what there's a lot of talent
here and we wish we could keep more
people than we actually could and then
you know it turns out they start crying
at that point they're like you know what
we just gotta keep send you keep you
we're gonna keep you that's today that's
what you say they're like I'm sorry
but we're gonna have to see you one more
week we're gonna keep you so I can look
at all these television shows chisme go
still they just ran out and bought some
taco shells we thought we had taco
shells but I guess we didn't have any so
the meat is complete or vertical eat
over by the table I just dropped my
video the water bottle trickshot video
which is killing me cuz like mad people
 with it obviously it's comedy like
you guys think I can actually hit a
billion water bomber trick shots I'm not
that good at that but there is the odd
comment that's like oh my god these are
also fake no sometimes the
internet just takes everything way too
serious if you guys are subscribed to
this channel or my main channel you guys
know I'm the troll God don't expect too
much seriousness from a boy will feel
like you barely ever see serious real
wolfy link you've seen him like maybe
once or twice like when I had 1 mil and
one other time when I was talking about
like what was going on with my channel
but other than that like I'm just a
goofy guy but I have the most savage
fans in the world so obviously everybody
that's commenting oh my god that shot at
like 5 minutes and 11 seconds was fake
the wolf man were just roasting
them so hard I don't yet have to say
anything right Wolfie Junior
Jr will be decisions decisions soft
shells or hard shells
team hardshell I love my crunch I don't
know you guys are comment down below are
you team soft shell or team hard shell
just like hair are you team soft or hard
yeah I'm soft soft tacos are you like
hairy Parris no heart I'm so confused
hard tacos soft pears yes alright guys
so I promised you a bit more of a Q&A so
I'm gonna do a Q&A with Silvia because
the other day my camera died mid Q&A
with my mom so I owe it to y'all so so
we asked some questions on her Twitter
and we're gonna answer them right now
what's the first question
Silvia what steps are you taking to keep
an eyeful fee of a what's MC taking hide
the knives Heidi okay you can't hide the
nice little yeah well I will go to the
store and find the knives I just take
wolfy jr. and run away and let him do
what it means do my poufy is a dangerous
man but he's also pretty safe like Loki
I'm pretty safe yeah what if I say like
when you go crazy tonight
next question and who are they from a
Rex or a Rex or back a Rex are asked
that question next question is from
policy video says have you two ever pet
a llama what the I'm saying I was
trying too much actually again what you
Silvia's a llama not in pedal on ok Jam
no I have not pet a llama I've never
even seen a llama the last long I've
seen was in that the Emperor's or is it
the Emperor's
new group is it they're bringing school
and for his new school yeah New Groove
yeah I was gonna say the Emperor's
Declassified School Survival bed look
this is why Soviet isn't vlog she always
just looks at herself but you guys know
I'm the vlog King and I vlog from the
angles like this hold on
Dustin's commenting on my video Dustin
is comment grinding wolfy jr. is smart
AF alright Peter my hands okay the next
question is from Carol do 19 okay she
said how do you guys like living alone
like I'm used to it now so it's not bad
but like the first two weeks were like
it's like weird because like I'm used to
everything going on around me 24/7
there's no silence at my old house
houses
so crazy there's people in and out all
the time is a bigger family so it was
all it was weird though he loves it I
love it
Mia loves it I literally I don't think
I've left the house more than like five
days since I moved here
yeah Silvia Zabka house 24/7 I'm
literally never at the house
room yeah never have to leave but I'm
always out and I always just leave wolfy
jr. with her I'm always filming or I go
visit the other house or I go visit the
other house to film I believe I have my
dogs I'm never lonely
if you gotta carry you to leave Martin
yeah that's true Serena's never carry
yet that's why she's trapped here guys
by the way you better thumbs up this
video right now because this is one of
the only real q a's that one and like
the one I did with my mom the other day
like this is the only real q and A's
you're gonna get anything on my main
channel it's gonna be real but at the
same time it's probably gonna be fun
control so get used to this or get don't
get used to this
Talia Maria Rosa asks what are y'all
getting married because we're waiting
for you to put a ring on it Travis
ring emoji ring Luigi I'm going here you
can vlog this okay I'll give you the
year that I'm thinking of proposing and
the year is 2030
30:16 I want to be cute for my wedding
30:16 and old hey anyways thank you for
that night and entitled of logout when
are we getting married I appreciate you
telling you this Charles with
banana nut muffins
 no I don't of bananas so Mia
loves bananas but she doesn't like
bananas anything I like raw bananas but
I hate banana flavored anything so that
makes no sense it doesn't taste like the
banana yes it does
I think it's cuz I like my bananas kind
of green like I like them to have a
bitter taste
oh yeah you're weird it doesn't taste
like guys so yeah likes things that
aren't ready to be eaten yet do you like
green bananas not like they pick them
off the tree if it's on a tree yeah it's
definitely a tree they picked them off
and you're just like it I'll eat it
right away
if you're having shitty they might come
from roots
next question it's coming from Marcela
Roberts would you rather put a skew
your pants for an hour or chug a home
water bottle of sriracha excuse what the
 they would literally melt in half
three minutes yeah bye Ice Cube's melt
in three minutes so you're not the
sriracha bitch I am but who wants to
chug a full bottle of sriracha when I'm
ready put melted five minutes how the
sriracha God wouldn't do that I would
all right David you can have the
sriracha God Title I don't want to be a
sriracha God anymore that's what it
takes
like give me the sriracha God
give me a bottle where were you
obviously the ice cubes I hate spicy
things how long have we been together
from hello you guys want no idea two
years in my opinion I'm too lazy to do
the math the other one who counts every
month a day so he's like two
years January February March April May
June July August September Nessa eight
eight months what day is it two years
eight months eight months and eight days
how many seconds Silvia counts every
second in 32 like two years eight months
eight days sixty five seconds 43
milliseconds so you don't knows I have a
stopwatch that I started the second we
started dating just low-key you actually
do we've been dating for nine years two
years 950 I've over two and a half years
we're almost 75 years by the way guys
quick update on my sickness I'm getting
slightly better probably not gonna feel
better in the morning it's probably just
like one of those things that you feel
better during the day and then you wake
up the next one you feel like death and
you restart but for now I'm feeling kind
of better so they got some medication I
had some medication I've been drinking a
lot of water your boy is slowly getting
back to his normal state even though I'm
acting pretty hyper right now I still
feel kind of crappy on the inside I'm
trying to force it out I'm trying to
force my savage Wolfie out why is iOS 10
the wackiest thing in existence like
literally I have to press three buttons
to get in my phone anyways the question
was are we ever going to do like a
like wouldn't I take the camera or like
you're taking the camera like a child
and the child takes the camera off sorry
let will be Junior okay oh we're done
this Q&A anyways this is what happens
when you do Q days with silliest Vince
they ask some like marriage proposal
questions only where my savage is that
what the he weighs guys that's
that's it for the Q&A
moving on so guys Sylvia got her ring
stuck on her finger I put it on the
engagement ring just like as a joke and
now it's stuck it will not get off but
luckily you boy wolfy is DIY wolfy I
watched a video before on Facebook or
YouTube I know how to get it off with
dental floss so basically if a ring is
stuck on your finger and you're pulling
it and it can't get off what you do is
you put some dental floss under it and
then wrap it really tight around your
finger and then basically cut off the
circulation for a little bit and then
you're good so here we go can we take my
finger off no I'm good trust I'm a
doctor
dr. wafeek you're here you want to put
some dental floss under the ring
so yeah just slide it under easy and
make sure there's enough loose side on
that side to do some pulling now
basically what you want to do is hold
that so it doesn't actually pull this
out a little further and now you just
want to wrap this part really tightly
around your finger and basically squish
all the finger fat down so that you can
pull off a finger fat that's what it's
called make sure you overlap every
little area to make sure it's as tight
as it can go without cutting off the
circulation that's gonna cut off the
circulation I'll show you guys what it
looks like in a second so Sylvia is
wrapping the dental floss around her
finger right there just to make sure
it's all super flat so that the ring can
just slide off and she has to go fast if
she doesn't cut off the circulation
wolfie Junior you're enjoying this are
you enjoying this sweets you're a nun
dental floss okay okay we're gonna have
to restart attempt number two we got way
more dental floss this time like way too
much dental floss so get over that big
hump like so this is the goddamn
tutorial yeah
di Ohio wolfy get over the big hump and
then grab a knife wolfy guys now Sylvia
is unraveling it and as you can see it's
moving slowly up and up the finger
because the the friction with the
simultaneous force of the dental floss
is moving it oh it's our she working
yeah I know I told you except I skipped
apart you skipped a part you're almost
there
where it's like pushing the philosophy
can she pull it off did you get it
moment of truth right there which finger
oh yeah the red one but it worked the
tutorial on that on the big screen
worked I had to whip it up the big
screen because we did not to tie it
which one that one's the bad one oh wow
holy DIY Wolfie came to the rescue
Sylvia was panicking I was like I know
this tutorial I've seen tonight you guys
know if you get a ring stuck on your
finger that's all you got to do dental
floss or you can do it with like a thin
elastic band that you can keep wrapping
around just something to like hold down
the finger the finger fat this stuff
anyways guys and we're about to start
watching stranger danger things
stranger danger things the show we were
watching last night stranger things
give him some neck support and treat him
like a puppet Hey puppet Wolfie wake up
he's got a vet appointment in the
morning so he's getting his rabies shots
and some other shot and then he has to
probably get his temperature taken which
his temperature taken and they stick
something up his bum so wolf he's not
excited but he doesn't even know but
he's probably not gonna be excited when
he gets to the car in the morning all
right guys so that is it for today's
vlog I'm gonna wrap it up because we
have to take wolfy jr. to the vet early
in the morning and we cannot miss him
and we've been sleeping in lately so
that cannot happen because we need to
get in the shots so that we can get him
the dog training dog school everything
he needs to do he needs his like rabies
shots for so we got into that tomorrow
morning so I hope you guys enjoyed the
short vlog if you did make sure to go
and smash that like button if we can hit
25,000 likes that would make my day so
go down smash that like button also if
you guys made it to the very end of the
vlog I want you to comment down below so
I know you made it to the very end and
you're the loyal old fam comment
down below something random iPhone
charger comment down below
iPhone charger and I will come
to anyone who comments that anyways
again I hope you guys enjoyed and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and has always stay Savage
