heyyo good morning welcome back to more
Wolfie I hope you guys are having a
fucking lovely morning I hope everyone's
day is gonna go blessed I hope your
crush finally texts you back today if
they've been curving your texts I hope
all of my followers are extra savage
today and roast at least one to two
people minimum anyways very bad news I
called the light place you guys know I
really want those big big lights cuz I
want the room to be as bright as
possible they do not have as many lights
as I need in stock at least in the color
that I want the white color so it's okay
I'm not gonna sweat it I'm gonna get
them probably in a few days when they
come in but for now I am hunting for a
bunch of video supplies like I just had
this dope idea and I need to get the
supplies for it right now before I
forget it all so a few more things came
in the mail for my computer so I don't
know how many more parts I'm missing how
many parts I need in total I just
ordered a bunch so I'm just gonna keep
bringing Chris parts and then hopefully
you just says okay I have everything I
need to build a computer another day
another mission to purolator I'm on my
PC nice day another day another mission
a beer later we're here what do we got
today so guys it was one of the monitors
the BenQ monitors the same ones that I
have and I'm using at my house right now
I got three of them instead of two of
them because I need three I really need
three you get two and you're like here
this is a lot and then you're like you
know what choose not that much I could
use three now before I go to the next
one I'm gonna pick up David cuz I just
talked to him me and him are both gonna
film a video for each of our channels so
it's a Bangor day I wasn't gonna film
today yesterday I was like yo I'm gonna
relax and then I was like nah David
could film let's fucking get it okay
guys so I'm looking for laminated paper
at Staples I found this giant ass
calendar I was looking at this before
when I was buying my calendar anyways
this is twenty three beans I'm just
gonna put it back anywhere and I don't
need something this big so I just went
to the front desk and asked them how
much it costs to just laminate any piece
of paper they said it cost like two
bucks so I think I'm gonna do that but
it takes ten minutes for the machine to
warm up so right now we have ten minutes
to kill in staples don't really have
anything about here I might buy a
Bugatti man purse guys this is my case I
left it in Staples there's two million
dollars in this but I forgot the code so
if someone can come here to Staples and
find out the code it's a three-digit
number on each side figure it out and
you get my two million dollars guys the
papers could not have came out better
this is like the perfect lamination this
is exactly what I needed so I'm amped
because it was out of that or boy
like a big big big calendar which was
just too much money for what I was
buying and for some reason I couldn't
find it in the dollar store I couldn't
find it anywhere so this is exactly what
I need
blank white paper it's actually better
that it's blank white so you guys will
see what I'm using this for some dope
science wolfy DIY kind of DIY more more
sciency wolfy so now David should be
coming in to Staples any minute and then
we're gonna go film his video then my
video look at this goof just chilling
there by himself all right guys so we're
at the first location we are at the park
we're about to do some crazy trick shots
you already know what it is David's got
his Lowry Jersey on like he plays
basketball and play no basketball this
is what the location is going to be get
ready to see your boy destroy David what
stop stop stop
what is that guys I love this park just
dead birds all over here this is amazing
dead birds at this park open condom
wrappers random kids handle like fuck
and it's a croc even horse this Park is
some sketchy ass Park that's definitely
why no one's here all right let's film
I'm gonna throw through here and land on
that not this platform with the second
platform oh oh oh my god dude holy shit
come on
cama cama hey yeah Oh yo your fob Oh
hit it like in the middle so it goes up
yeah three two so just make sure that it
goes out of the shot like I'm gonna boot
it yeah hi okay and then like just don't
follow it too much yeah all right guys
so right now I'm at my current public
school I go to this school it's amazing
people leave basketballs out here
that's a Ferrero Rocher school there's
all day kindergarten I know if you can
see that sign over there but yeah we're
doing some more trick shots over here I
love this school the teachers are so
generous like it's just a great school
to be I the education system is just
like flawless and I love the 3-play
infrastructure so one two three you know
this one's for the big kids like me that
one's for the little kindergarteners
there's some girl ambushing me and David
all right is she
I thought she was putting ice cream on
my car and we got a third Park this park
is for the grades nine to five and up
and six and we're also there's a dog
park here just great great location
let's get the shots going guys I'm not
even doing basketball trick shots but
you know what get a nice tall going Oh
almost had it almost had it one more try
get it all right get a nice tall going
here on my head okay on my head you
can't even see pick it up with my foot
okay one more
a couple more tries guys a couple more
tries I swear the ball is a little more
inflated than I'm used to okay guys I'm
gonna shoot the ball into this hoop here
we go one take Wolfie you already know
what it is they should have hired me for
the NBA leagues but I was just too good
here we go
call me the dunk man let's go when I
make shots heard around like so guys
when you come to my school usually they
like to tell the visitors to report to
the main engines of the office but
because I'm not a visitor this is like
my school David's a visitor so he has to
go to the off you gotta go to the office
so just let us go there because you're a
visitor
this is my school by the way the name of
my school yeah okay that's what's called
guys congratulations to Destin for
joining the power g7x mark2 club now you
have the same cameras your boy holy look
how much more fresh lacquer is the nice
unboxing all you need on the road to
DIYs from now this would be fucked yeah
bro I dropped mine like four times today
oh no I got yeah I got the dining
protection though the wet diamond
protection on it six bucks bro literally
he said you can draw anything boil it
drop it off your house you're gonna
replace it that's black yeah I didn't
get that so definitely can get that I
was like nah fuck it's on a battery here
no there's a battery it sure is you
trolling obviously it comes with a
battery bro
you need to be able to use it have to
learn not batteries not in that at all
times bro it's not another no it doesn't
come in there Najee the battery is not
is that a new charger oh no it's the
same charger I have all right guys so
I'm at my house we're filming my video
now done David's video it's a banger not
my video this is the first shot
this is the fridge shot this is a fridge
shot this is the wrist shot can you say
the same this is the fridge shot could
you hit it right in the center I'm
getting two on there oh that was snow
you didn't get it but that was the best
camera shot ever right guys so we are
partway through this trick shot video I
just want to give a props to dude
perfect anybody who's ever made some
dope trick shots because these are way
way harder than they look okay we just
try doing that one simple trick shot for
like 30 minutes okay this is not a joke
but we're not gonna give up okay we're
gonna keep pushing and we're gonna hit
some blessed trick shots let's get it
just me you're sick Kristen so guys I
absolutely played myself I forgot to
bring my extra battery to my house so it
died while I was there but I just got
home I brought a bunch of supplies home
I have so many supplies laid out there
so we're good for the next couple videos
but now I gotta go back to the house I'm
bringing my other battery doesn't help
me film so I gotta dust in film too in
the time of the camera died we went to
Walmart I picked up some cords from my
computer's drop them off at Chris's
house and we are almost done building my
computer or not building it getting all
the parts for my computer they came in a
lot quicker than I expected even though
they're at a billion different places
they are coming in guys look at this
support right here
my parents watching my brothers video
here on the big screen Wow
Whoopi jr. is biting on shit hey I'm
here no need to fret my baby guys it's
my boy alright guys so I'm using
Dustin's camera which is now the same
cameras mine because I gave him my
battery he needed the battery for his
video so I'm using his camera feels nice
it's it's a clean clean g7 X mark -
mine's absolutely fucking I drop it like
six times a day but it's held up you
know I'm probably gonna get a new one
soon because I feel like it's coming -
at the end of its life but me and Dustin
are now in the whip driving to go do
something for his video some dumb shit
like we always do just this dumb shit so
I'll see you guys when we get to the
place that we need to go all right guys
we arrived at a location it is time so
I'm filming Dustin's video so I got a
film in shit whoo oh shit I'm
experienced now there we go alright look
at that yeah a couple more holy bro it's
not moving what that's how yo Dustin
your bitch you're bleeding twice holy
shit the marshmallow beat Dustin this is
the not die from come on
unbreakable marshmallow just like
something broad just fuck it out
everything stab it quick alright guys we
finished filming the part for Dustin now
I can blog feels like my camera already
this is the remains of what it is it's
on a baseball bat - okay this is like
you don't want to fuck around with this
sludge looking shit and that's the
remains over there but you're gonna see
it on Dustin's channel youtube.com slash
just Dustin you guys already know I show
them already but go there get ready
because you will see me on that video -
what is this you know so guys we're
leaving the house now wolfy jr. is
getting super Restless this dog is
literally just like he can't stop moving
and I know he just really wants to go to
bed he's looking for like a comfortable
spot so I'm taking him home driving
Dustin home haven't really seen Sylvia
too much today she's been editing a home
here at home so this cocoa because wolfy
he was such a good boy and as soon as we
got home this guy went pee on his pad I
knew he had to go because his stomach
was bloated I'm giving him treats I just
gave him too what why not give him one
more because we got a teacher boy wolfy
jr. to do some tricks so let's see if he
still has that I haven't tried to do
these tricks in like a day or two so he
is editing over there but uh Whoopie
we got a bendy bully's he loves these
things
he loves them look at him sit okay that
was easy
down come on go down buddy you're
thinking about it you're thinking about
it down almost all the hair you go
slightly nice looking for it he wants it
now watch this guys I had to make him
stay I break up the treat because he
knows stay stay so leave it there let
him look at it for a second you want it
do you want the treat he's waiting for
me to tell him it's okay go get the tray
go get the tray go get the treat look at
that yes good boy good boy buddy
we're teaching him today sit down we
need to teach him roll over sooo good
boy you want shake a paw yeah so he's
trying to teach him shake a paw slowly
good boy you don't get any more treats
you've had enough but you get Pat's no
no no no stay away from the bag think
Sylvia already had a depressing night
without me she has her popcorn no movie
she's just watching screen savers there
was no dog you can you know your dog hi
I'm Lisa gets the talk to men of the
house are back a little boy who loves
everything hey wolfy come here come here
stop chewing on things come here
listen hey good boy good boy all right
guys so the next show me it's over
you're gonna start watching because we
finished narcos we're gonna watch
stranger things or less the strangers
stranger things okay someone recommended
from periscope I also saw mad people
commented in the comments on like a few
blogs ago and I asked you guys what show
to watch that was before be completely
annihilated narcos and finished every
episode in like two weeks so stranger
things are there stranger things that is
the next show to watch so leave a
comment down below what I should watch
after this or if this shows bad then
we're just gonna cut it and watch
something out so leave a comment down
below what show on Netflix or show me or
whatever
what series of television shows with me
and Silvia watch next anyways remember
how I was saying wolf he gets tired at
around this time at night yeah not not a
chance
it's gotta skies wide awake he is
playing like a savage right now holy
will be killed hug bro anyways I'll let
you guys know how strange things is in
about 20 minutes once I get my first
impression on it guys 20 minute update
the show is just starting right now we
got the subtitles on of course so far I
don't really have an opinion on the show
because it literally just started but
one bad thing has happened so far so
I'll let you know after the episode is
dead like how it is alright guys so the
first episode of the stranger things I
still don't know the title of the show
but it was fucking blessed like aren't
you started watching like half the
second episode and then I realized the
time so I'm gonna go to bed dominate in
the vlog off there I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did go down and smash
that like button right now let's hit
25,000 links is how much you want wolfy
jr. 25,000 25,000 like screw wilfy jr.
smelling me I don't know what is really
nice like in my nose and if you guys
made it to the very end of the vlog I
want you guys to comment down below
stranger things that's it comment down
with those stranger things and I will
comment back to a shitload of you guys
to do that anyways again I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog and I will see you soon
on more Wolfie where we say a little bit
more savage than my main channel what do
you want and as always stay savage now
