good morning ayo let's gonna see where
wolfy it's not it's not in the morning
at all welcome back to more wolfy me and
still we are in the car we got wolfy jr.
we are on route to my parents house my
parents house is that still sounds weird
to say but yeah we're going there as you
guys can see outside right now it's
already dark me and Sylvia we're
grinding all day so I didn't get a
chance to vlog during the day but don't
worry I'm gonna still make it lit at
night but yeah I might do a bit of a Q&A
today with my parents cuz a lot of you
guys have been asking me a bunch of
questions on Twitter in the comments and
just I haven't been responding to them
and just I thought the easiest way to
respond to all of them was just why not
just make a little bit of a Q&A in
today's vlog so we're gonna see what's
happening at home for the past couple
days I told my mom I'd stop by but I
didn't have time I didn't think she
knows I'm coming over right now but I'm
just gonna show up cuz I do it I want
already I see some lights going on I
think my brother or Dustin might be
filming fuck Dustin Skye pranked me
earlier I hate you Dustin everybody's
been prank-calling me out of all people
me every time any time there's someone
to prank call it's always me I always
I'm so out of it when I answer the phone
so I always fall for everything
look at that it's the two fucks that
have both prank called me both snakes
both of these snake dogs this was shit
bro you Frank called me like I was like
gross editing
I was literally editing and I was like
what are you saying worse than Chinese
and Shawn does a pretty bad Wolfie
Junior's going to his worst enemies
Lionel and Cleo are down here but he's
super energetic so I'm gonna make him
run around Wolfie I know you don't want
to go with them and now you don't want
to go with them but you gotta run around
oh yeah I have no clue where my mom is
Sylvia just went out to go get some food
she's coming back
we brought the ground beef from Costco
that we got to this house because we
took it out and we're gonna cook
yesterday then we didn't have time so
we're gonna cook it here it's probably
more spices here anyways it's gonna be
blacks gonna make the taco meat and the
pasta meat and then once we cook it here
we're gonna bring it back to our house
after because we don't want it to go bad
that's just way too much meat to waste
so we're gonna be efficient you know
productive persuasive and I make it here
Maya stop grilling my cat or my dog it's
not really my dog you're a cat you know
a dog well whoa whoa whoa but I don't
hates him like Cleo doesn't mind him too
much but Lionel hates him and he follows
me for safety look at this like he's on
my feet right now
he's like protect me dad
Clio what do you have to say about my
dog mm-hmm uh-oh
someone just came home it might be
Silvia guys so our parents have got home
and in excitement wolfy jr. actually
clawed my lip open hold on you can see
it's bleeding a bit yeah
savage dog he's just damn nails cut just
fighting people and people okay holy
anyway it's not like that watching my
new video on your evil dog
evil god Dustin's still filming his
video in the kitchen it's been like
three hours huge mess and then cleaned
it up sure but hey let put put lion away
from the dog
Lionel hates him guys look at Sylvia's
were issue is wearing her hair band for
so long that there's a permanent indent
of a hair band
that's a cool new tattoo that's a book
tattoo the idea just put elastics all
over your body until you get murked and
then there's a permanent mark on your
skin so guys finally I'm about to cut my
hair get that straight hairline back
been waiting for so many days look at it
it's so damn crooked at this point but
I'm in a multipass so while I'm getting
my hair cut I'm also gonna open some fan
mail I brought some fan mail with me to
this house you know let's get it going
what hashtag what hashtag save crooked
wolf comment in the comments below and
then Dustin still has his likkle mess in
the kitchen then I'm filming a video
with my brother afterwards so I mean
close you guys know is gonna do a lot
late night it's 11:30 right now my vlog
is going up the days just starting
alright guys so the first fan mail I got
is from Lizzy Neha and Ana I love love
love your videos I'm a super fan of
yours before bedtime I always watch our
videos can you give me a shadow yeah
they're shut up - shut it - Lizzy Neha
and Anna also we got the friggin Hello
Kitty stickers on the back these are
Swagger's oh that's that's me oh yeah
thank you for watching my videos before
bed I always post late as hell so that's
how you know you're a true fan you also
sent a little flower oh my god here
wait well engineers eating the hair what
are you doing a lead and you sends a
bracelet a black and yellow way and it
fits I will wear this this is swag thank
you
guys look at this multitasking this is
multitasking at its finest next we got a
random letter from the package boom this
is going I'm going to open next this is
from Colin from Wisconsin hi my school
is doing a project where we write to
famous people so I thought why don't I
write to the most savage man's person of
them all that's me
I've been watching your video since you
had about 1000 subscribers holy shit
that's time I love your vids and I love
goofy jr. hashtag verified wolfy hashtag
verified wolfy now you're the best
youtuber ever you inspired me to make my
own channel thank you very much Colin
what what's happening
Oh God wolf engineers in the cat bed so
someone get him up before he goes crazy
no where do I start every time I go on
Pokemon go I search for your hairline
your nose is bigger than your channel
every light you get equals one prayer
for your hairline congratulations you
played yourself whoopee I love watching
your videos you're a massive inspiration
and not just to me but to your viewers
also facts ruin my hair I wanted to send
you something and not just a letter it's
the one P from England is that a pound
thank you for making me smile this is so
tribute because this is like a piece of
paper and you can see that I had a coin
in it so I don't know if that's what you
were trying to send me but there's no
point in the traffic pitch so I don't
know what happened I didn't get the coin
the one P from England won't Alan I
don't know if you guys know British
pounds but you can see it it was there
and now it's not here
that's fucking trippy the indent was
there that's so unfortunate
thinking somebody stole your money legit
someone stole my money when you sent it
and then just just left me with a letter
it's all cheese but thank you - there
was no name thank you to whoever sent
that the next one we got us from Parker
from Cambridge MN Minnesota
I'm a Canadian as you can tell we got a
blank piece of paper
Thank You Parker means a lot say that
and then you crammed all the writing on
a small piece of paper and should I
spread it out on both robbed cheese now
I have to bring you get my reading
glasses mom I need my reading glasses
mom I need the glasses
I need the glasses please for a second I
want to see Dan out
I'm cheese yo what's good a to boy
Parker and Charles aka wolfy I just
wanted to tell you that you are beep oh
you beat speedy Python said that you are
beat you beat PewDiePie to me please
make that thumbnail or title and then
you inspired me to make my own youtube
channel a more youtubers are here I wish
you are my brother cuz then I have three
bros we could play games evenly
say hi to Silvia hi and that mini savage
Wolfie jr. for me and look on the back
at please play some dramatic music for
me okay here we go so we were naughty
one more good to get attack open our
camera there's a drawing inside you need
your elbow loop cutter I'm okay
I thought your dad got you here so we
got a dry first of all here's the
drawing and it is a dog that is swag
that's actually dope with just pen I'm
assuming that's been that's disgusting
dirty you should get that tattooed on
your face yeah just right here yeah it's
right over the ugly part so in the
middle yeah every it knows hello wolfy
my name is brownie and I live in Oregon
USA and I have a big youtuber that just
wants to grow up and be like you and as
good as you
this dog is the kind of dog I think you
would be sure not to Brody stay Savage
follow him on twitter birdy underscore
darling and he says a stay Savage so
guys this is the final result of the
hair looks a lot more fret than before
I'd say it's a pretty straight hairline
like free would you say will be pretty
straight anyways me and my brother going
to Wendy's or McDonald's to get
something some supplies for his video
we're shooting in half an hour late
night shooting in this house Dustin is
kind of finished going for the day here
1207 to be exact and then we still don't
have a video to shoot so we're gonna
bring wolfy jr. along for the ride I'm
gonna let my brother John so I can bring
wolfy jr. even though he sliced my lip
open take a look at Dustin's
product I'm not gonna say what it is
that's DIY Dustin right there for you
he's making something crazy it's gonna
be big gonna be black it's gonna be B
anyways we're going to the store and
bring Wolfie so guys we're at Wendy's
picking up the supplies for the videos
this is the first time I'm going to
Wendy's drive-through and not getting a
spicy chicken Caesar salad even though I
rate the fuck out of them I'm not
getting one today because no it's 12:30
at night I'm not that hungry got the dog
on my lap Zacks driving I'm not
I used to dislike and Dustin he's
starting to cook the ground beef at the
house for me his chef Dustin man this
guy's cooking the ground beef half in
the wok half in the pan and shit can I
get 40 chicken nuggets well feed you do
that's it
my cats would never do this when you
take the cats on the car they freak out
shed everywhere you know this is one of
the reasons why I'm starting to like
dogs more than cats
all right guys so before we film I
promise you guys a bit of a Q&A so I
asked you guys on Twitter if you don't
follow me on Twitter by now go follow
your boy on Twitter at Wolfie raps it's
in the description of all my videos go
follow me right now and be active
otherwise I'm never gonna follow you be
active anyways the first question is
from underscore TJ Co holy shit this is
such a long name TJ it's from is Wolfie
really a savage yes next question this
one's from Eddie are you really king
savage yes give you terrible cuties
Justin says stay in school forever quit
YouTube what stay in school forever or
quit YouTube you and me stay in school
forever my mom would say that right yeah
and I say honestly stay in school for a
bit and then if you have a passion go
follow your dreams okay YouTube do
YouTube next question is from T Morgan
how do you put up with his pranks I I
don't put up with the pranks yeah you do
I just pranked you yesterday well I knew
it was a prank how'd you put how do you
put up with it I had just live my life
and deal with what comes that's it
that's a bad response how do you put up
with my pranks I drink during the
evening what well you know Jake oh you
like oh okay so she just she's a savage
my sugar and the alcohol next question I
know the answer what's the answer I work
out a lot okay to get rid of all the
stress that I caused you
my great pranks exactly that's right
that's a good response Shane says was
Wolfie an accident nope
he was bland he said I was adopted or
adopted or switch to the hospital well
you've been saying I'm adopted in every
vlog you're not adopted
does he look too much like your sister
okay so we could be adopted two of you
were twins and then you got switched at
the hospital for other twins why do you
keep saying that we're we adopted it I
look good like okay that's question guys
I'm adopted my mom's smiling every time
you hear me ask that she always gets
weird you're weird next question comes
from Jamie who's more savage me not me
okay guys so we just finished the video
for my brother's channel I cut off the
Q&A early I'm sorry because my camera
died and this extra battery that I had I
thought I charged it but I didn't so it
was dead I put it in and it died in two
seconds so I'll make up hurt and I'll do
a short Q&A tomorrow but we just did
some trick shotting video on my
brother's channel this is a mess that
that's left over after basically I have
this now and I have this Dustin made the
meat there's a lot of it we still have
to mix in the tacos stuff I'm gonna do
that at home I think anyways we got to
grab Wolfie jr. now on the couch with
BAE right there
Wolfie he's ready to go hey come here
give me a kiss give me kiss he's so
tired so I was just rewashing
yesterday's long and you know the lights
that I bought yesterday hold on let me
turn them on BAM like they're pretty
damn bright they light up the room fully
but there was lights at the store
yesterday that are even bigger
you guys saw them they're the lights
that I compared my lights to are you
peeing on Clark okay well if he about
his pink even though these things
completely light up the room like I'm
really tempted to go back to the store
because I don't have to film tomorrow
and buy those big big lights just
because why not like I think I have the
space for them back here like right now
that umbrella is pretty close to the
light if I want those big lights to fit
I'm pretty sure either I'm not gonna be
able to use the umbrella or I'm gonna
have to pull it out a bit further not
quite sure yet but I think I'm gonna
take the risk and just buy two of them
and then two for Sylvia she's probably
gonna come home if I was really
smart I would even bring like this black
piece with me tomorrow because you see
how there's like not too much space
there for the bulb to go see I'd have to
pull the umbrella out a bit but I bring
this black piece and the light with me
and the umbrella just to make sure that
I know it fits because if it fits
then obviously I'd rather have the
brighter light even though these things
are blessed you can get brighter so I
think I'll do that tomorrow because the
bulbs that lasted 20 hours ohms I was
talking you guys will yesterday like the
bulbs that came with the lights and my
brother used the exact same lights and
his bulb actually blew out like mid
filming session today so the 20-hour
life time is like it's whack it's not
long enough at all the 10,000 hour
lifetime that these ones are I could
just leave the light on all day even
though I am paying for electricity but
the light bulb could go on for 10,000
hours I don't know how long that is in
days 24 hours in a day okay 24 times
what equals comes out I'm not sure and
considering I keep my lights on all day
every day just because we don't have any
lights on the ceiling either in my room
or Sylvia's room we need to get an
electrician and house to like there's no
bulb up there so these are my fucking
lights like I need the most heavily
alright guys so I'm gonna end the vlog
off now it's 3:30 a.m. so I gotta go to
bed but before I end off the vlog I just
want to know quickly again what do you
guys like better
do you like late night uploads like when
I drop my vlog at like 11 or 12 I'm
trying to do a little bit earlier but
it's really hard when I'm dropping
another video so I can try to drop it at
night like I've been doing so I don't
know if you guys like that but let me
know in the comments if you want the
late night uploads or you want early
morning uploads because I asked you in
yesterday's vlog and I looked at all the
comments and literally it was like split
down the middle 5050 I don't know if it
was just the comments I read but I read
quite a bunch of comments and mad people
said early morning but then again mad
people said late at night so I don't
know how I'm gonna make this easier I
don't know how I'm gonna make this more
straightforward on you guys but I need
you guys to comment down below again do
you want late-night vlogs or early
morning vlogs and I'm talking like early
morning vlogs maybe like 8:00 a.m. like
when you're going to school maybe you
have to wash it in like your first class
or do you want late night vlogs like how
I've been dropping them when I can drop
them like 11 12
hopefully 10 p.m. I'm going to try and
get a little earlier but no guarantees
quite yet I still gotta get on a
schedule I stay up really late so we'll
see how it goes so let me know in the
comments why either commenting
night or early morning also if you guys
enjoyed the vlog make sure they go smash
that like button
let's hit 25 thousand likes on this blog
the wolf fam slitters fuck I know we can
do it so go down hit that like button
right now if you haven't already and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more
established in my main channel and as
always stay savage
