good morning AO escalation boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy just starting
the day off I finished the last episode
of narcos it was insane there has to be
another season like there was only two
seasons I'm pretty sure there's another
one coming up because there's no
way get that off on that note starting
the day off also by watching some Cassie
I yes that ok can see nice that I'm
watching a blog but I wanted to show you
guys this
this guy huddled himself up in every
hello he's the most comfy dog in the
world hey wolfy he was super energetic
like 20 minutes ago and now he's just in
like the link face so he is not moving
anyways the first stop of the day just
grabbing that damn light I'm one of the
lights tour this time we have time it's
not closed still early I dropped by my
old house yesterday and my brother said
he could use some extra lights too so I
think I'm gonna pick him up some me
Sylvia the whole squads gonna get bright
bright ass lights there should be 12 in
stock that's what the guy said on the
phone yesterday so I hope he's not lying
we are here I think oh it's at the very
end of the street this is like the
specialized specialized lighting
cheering yeah like we're in like the
middle of the hood to be honest these
are like the back ends I don't trust
them would go alone I guess a jail on
the left is that should be on the right
this it doesn't have a sign on the front
guys is that it oh no like right here
Buchanan lighting out here this is a
place I went to go get like my first
lights holy alright because will decry
weird so started from the bottom now
we're getting the most beeswax guys look
at all these LED lights
Bam Bam Bam tubes everything they got
everything vintage lighting see if we
can find what we're looking for this
might be it no too much aqui ah that's
too too yellow don't mind if I do
while we wait for our lights look at
these guys like God $100 for a light
don't kill me this time machine like so
these are that yeah these are the colors
so guys this is what we had before so TR
like see what's like a yellowy color we
don't want that we don't want this this
is what we want white this is blue to
light
we don't want that so these are the two
lights were comparing they're not LED
but this is the big one
and this is a small one do you see I'm
already way brighter than the ones I was
come I was using yesterday so this one's
ridiculous I can't even look at it in
the eyes so guys I decided to get four
of the smaller lights the smaller lights
are apparently a lot less bright but the
thing is the lights that came without
lighting only last 20 hours so that
might have been why the bulb already
died
so like because like when I film I tend
to friggin light on for a really long
time but the new lights we bought have a
life fat of 10,000 hours so 10,000 hours
compared to 20 hours obviously it's not
gonna be as bright as the other one we
bought but I don't think there's ever
getting that bright again so I picked up
for the smaller ones I'm gonna test them
out if they don't work they seem pretty
bright in the store but so did the other
one if they don't work I'm gonna come
back and get the big big big
lights even those lights aren't as
bright as the the lights that I
initially had but I think they're the
best I'm gonna get so I'm just gonna
have to suck it up guys bulk burns all
the way over there that's where we're
going and we parked in a little over
yeah we're going to ball friend you I
wanted to park in absolute Narnia well
you guys were parked in Chicago and
we're great parks are you always parked
so far above we have to go mission on
our yes we can block just so you know
we're going to LA blocks are going to
love last thing you want to love us
chases it stop it I don't see those
where these are all packed look at the
cars they're not too lazy out of the
country lazy to edit a car in there yeah
the car breaking lots packed look at
this picture guys holy you know what
Sylvia I know you love your chocolate
I'm gonna get one of these wait which
one do you rate more this is the one I
read the most to be honest one we'll
check the housing section
KitKat arrow no.1 rates Marysville
culture Chris
the popcorn with caramel wunderbar
okay Row one tomorrow wonder where is
our wack what there's shittiest things
in existence I'm copying one more
deodorant I'm here I'm going grocery
shopping guys wow these are way cheaper
here
wait cheaper as we need more training
pads for wolfy jr. the fifty pads this
guy pees like a madman
so actually you know what I think you
might deserve better than these no-name
brands and they got a lavender scent
you know what wolfy we're gonna treat
you like a little bit of royalty you
know you're not eating food from Loblaws
but you're gonna go pee on the Pats from
guys let me know should I try and groom
wolfy on my own so I can give him like a
nice mohawk or something like with this
pet grooming kit because this guy's hair
is getting long as hell and those type
of dogs maltese dogs have the longest
hair like they can get the longest hair
their show dogs so I don't know if I'm
gonna do it I might take him to a
professional get his nails stepped in
the same process because his nails are
long as out too I'm still freaking that
out though Ryan I got you some food
peanut suet cake hit the like button and
Ryan will eat that just a thousand likes
and 50,000 he'll eat it on his channel
alright bless yo hit the like button if
you guys do this I think I need to pick
up a few of these for DJ yeah he needs
at least like ten of these all right
I'll get you a few don't you don't need
to pay me back what's the favor I'm just
going to get you some kinetic
all right we're playing this game laughs
here we go
yo I'm done trolling you bro I'm done
trolling I'm just trying to live a Pure
Life girl just no trolls nothing that
was in this quick response a quick
response
are you cheesed oh geez buddy
bro don't even try to come up with some
original stuff you can't you can't even
touch me so I just picked up this
alfredo sauce and Ryan called his mom
live in the store he's like yo mama
Fredo
I guarantee this was gonna make it for
dinner tonight he's gonna send me a pic
cuz he's leaving today if his mom makes
out Fredo don't kill me out of moms live
for this type of stuff Alfredo
let me start off Ryan how much I Fredo
do you want Ryan Alfredo
what do we want some linguini fettuccini
spaghetti spaghetti no it's a spec
Hettie type of day it's on sale or cop 3
mashed potatoes chamade mashed potatoes
I lost she didn't buy it I want that
yeah right
Ryan's learning how to uh scan things I
don't like in the email address Angelo
you really hate each other teach me guys
I'm at the gym right now and that's
looking nice looking at human 2.0 you
already know come if you're in Ottawa
come here
we got merch here before Wolfie even has
merch comfy Under Armor stuff you like
what do you know about this you don't
know much I needed me but yeah we're
figuring out Ryan stuff at the gym very
quickly then we're on a limited time for
us to go so I have to go to a bunch of
places Oh Ryan got a free shirt Oh
actually um I don't even have a free
shirt right I would get you so many
friggin customers JIT where's my free
shirt Ryan has one
I'm cheesed so the first lights I'm
going to test out guys are these DS ones
that I had at my old house together
right color and everything I don't know
if they're gonna work let's see okay
guys these these lights are beat as
you don't even see anything like
garbage garbage lights they take forever
to turn on he's our flop hopefully the
new ones are better okay guys the moment
of truth with these lights screwed in
now is ah let's see
BAM woo way better way better than the
other one and it's nice nice really
bright white definitely completely
lights up the room yeah way way better
than the other ones Wow okay guys so I'm
driving Ryan back to the Train not to
train the bus we have 14 minutes to get
there and Ryan just had a heart attack
because his mom doesn't really know
technology very well but he had to send
something in for like a job application
and he had 15 minutes to do it literally
it was the most painful thing to watch
single stressed it took 20 minutes from
the convinces or tell his mom how to
send a picture over a phone she has an
Android this is the first picture she's
that we said last week but she got it
we're good now we just got to make it to
the but she said a photo of my niece
okay anyway she got it shout out to
Marlene
as her Ryan is running around the corner
I literally had to take all the
shortcuts to get him here in time but we
got him here in time we have like five
minutes left but he got an email saying
what he sent wasn't like good enough so
he needs to send another picture which
means his mom needs to send another
picture which means hopefully she can do
that in nine minutes
I'm praying for him guys hit that like
button if you want Ryan to get this job
I wanted to get this job anyways now I'm
gonna run to the PIO box very quickly I
don't think I'll have time to cut my
hair I literally underestimated how long
it would take for me to do everything
today so that's kind of annoying but you
know I might go home and see if my
brother can cut it tonight back you
should probably you should probably cut
my hair - snappy bro my hair line needs
to be straight again I'm at the peel box
let's go see what we got guys one thing
I do not like about fall or winter is
how dark it gets outside so early like
it is like 5 o'clock and it's already
getting dark it's raining everything's
putting me in a bad mood right now but
we're gonna stay positive because you
already know Whoopi's ago positivity I
got my new merch this is not my
merchants my parents merch
let's go ahh rain does everything turns
out wool family got a bunch of stuff and
I bought some stuff at the front and
then when I bought the stuff that girls
like you want to donate like a dollar or
something to some cancer foundation I
was like yeah sure you know donate and
then she gave me one of those leaves to
write my name down
then I wrote Wolfie raps I didn't write
my actual name sounds like you know what
buck it's a Wolfie day and the girls
like did you write your youtube name I
was like you already know what it is
your boy Wolfie she's like oh yeah I
thought I saw you vlogging the other day
like when you came here that's dope
so wolf am we are taking over we're out
here one person at times watching events
I appreciate every single one of you
guys that with me I love you guys
so much so guys I picked up these weird
cokes while I was out at the Peele box
here's what they look like this is like
trippy as hell I was literally just
about to leave the store and I was like
what the are these these are what
they look like these diet cokes look at
this bottle and they're all different
like I don't know if there's some weird
flavor I didn't even check I just saw
these ones and I was like hey oh I need
to get these food cooks so I picked them
up in the store they might taste all the
same I don't know so I'm going to open
them up on camera and show you guys a
little bit of a taste test even if
they're just regular Diet Coke which I
hope they're not oh well taste
test movies at it again here we go
you good yeah sure
open that easier shirt exactly you need
a bottle cap opener we need an opener
hold on here I hate when you light this
for my lighter video you already know
what it is you're gonna cut yourself I
don't know how you did it don't you're
gonna cut yourself you're going to tie
yourself I told you now there comes the
blood it already dug under my skin and
the blood is starting to come we're just
gonna push through it ah but you're
almost almost guys one more of these
this is literally like a thriller oh we
got it
never did me have to go oh I'm
bleeding
okay I don't know what this coke is but
let's cool
thank you don't lay I think it's
just regular cold
I hate diet coke yeah it's like diet
coke this is definitely dying cause it
says diet coke but it has like a little
more of a vanilla flavor I'm just gonna
say that because the bottle looks
vanilla maybe it's just like the placebo
effect I don't think it's actually
anything but Diet Coke but the cool
colors make it have like a vanilla
flavor so I don't care if it's just in
my head
delicious
okay you know what this day says
max well okay oh this like legit
what am I saying I'm looking over
YouTube tutorial so guys I just did a
YouTube tutorial peep this
you got a door okay we have a door watch
this put it in the door skip it a quick
little one to get out that was magical
YouTube literally YouTube tutorial ain't
hurt anybody you can also the third one
of the knife let me teach you all these
hacks while I'm at it I already did most
that night in definitely did boom
okay this is heavy placebo effect
because this one does not taste as
vanilla as this one but this one is
still guy Cokely I don't really I cool
it's so good but this one has more
vanilla taste which is weird so I'm
gonna take a third one here we go
this one kind has a ginger ale taste I
swear
the colors are throwing me off you know
what I'm saying ginger ale rubella and
then just regular ass die coke but all
in all you know I'll give them a six out
of ten
thank you for trying Diet Coke but I'll
always be a fan of regular coke
thank you guys I'm about to go to
David's house but I have packages that I
really want to open in the fan mail this
one feels really weird this one's in an
icebox so this one is from Kevin from
San Jose tea let's get it what do we got
here so stretchy stuff David I thought
you were the sriracha kagra what what's
going on here - Wolfie yeah just just
making sure that's not David that's not
from that's definitely not David hey
Wolfie my name is Kevin I recently
turned 18 just started college at San
Jose State University shuttle - for
going to college stay in school kids
I've been a supporter since - RK Pham
you're the first youtuber that I ever
had the courage to send fan mail - I
appreciate that beyond belief my nieces
nephews love your videos up to the point
where I ask them what is the meaning of
savage their answer wolfy uh tequila ivy
Aiden and Andrew I love you guys too
everybody knows you - sriracha God so
you should also try to blow up the
sriracha bottle that I bought from the
fair in the video ok bless is this the
sriracha blonde I got lumps of steel so
I don't need to be back and say your
forehead vein is popping out a good
three bones let's get it up in five four
five
whoo so rap to God you already know this
is going dead center in my kitchen I
want your bottle red beside another
sriracha bottle mini sriracha bottle
right beside the big guy sir okay you
know what
there you go look the juniors gonna like
no no no no then we'll feed you you chew
on that don't die of the heat
thank you again Kevin she'll love you be
next so the next one we got is from
Alvaro from California what's good right
we got some pin that I'm going to pop on
my shirt cuz it's a savage and I'm a
savage but we got a letter too hey
Wolfie my name is Alvaro I really enjoy
your videos don't stop because you were
my favorite youtuber please accept this
wolf as a token of my appreciation for
you
woo yo this is dope look at this toy you
already know that's me riding Wolfie
like okay I'm riding myself but this is
dopest we got this we got the
Viking put it on him okay we can't
really we'll rest it on the front I'm
gonna put it beside mine so Raja bought
it cuz you know I'm the real sriracha
God just don't don't forget if you guys
know I'm the real Roger that hit the
like button ok + ok guys so I just
finished shooting phone lyric texting
prank on my girlfriend it went how you
guys would expected to go so expect that
video on the main channel because I told
you guys if you hit like 50,000 I were
doing on the main channel even though
I'm super opposed to this just because
like I'm not a huge texter anymore I
don't text too much but yeah it's I
think it's gonna be a banger so expect
on soon on the main channel I got you
guys like I can't break a promise I told
you guys I would do it you know there
might have been a lot of things I told
you guys I was gonna do and I haven't
done yet but it is Frank's fine
he'll come it'll come anyways this is
the setup at the boys house I got the
light got dope lighting we got a dope
couch set up for me all the boys are
upstairs bongos in the next room over if
you can see through this wall he's over
there editing a video I'm gonna go
upstairs and edit a bit of this vlog but
I'm trying to kick back and just kick it
let's go see if I can catch another
chocolate covered almond in my mouth one
try you already know what it is one try
got gotta check this out oh ok
that's a plop 1 0 mmm - mmm
doing much before I go home guys I got
to pick up this slip from my house pet
Cleo - every time I come here I got
effect Cleo always sleep there you could
have a nice bed at my new house what you
choose to be here hey guys Ryan just
sent me a picture of what his mom made
of her dinner he just got home it's like
12 o'clock at night cuz he left at 5:00
his mom made him the spaghetti that he
wanted it he sent me the pic I'm gonna
show you guys in two seconds as soon as
I get the car guys no word of a lie look
at the food Ryan's mom just made him
don't kill me don't kill me that's a
good mom so guys I'm in a bit of a tough
situation right now I'm leaving the boys
I was look at that my blog is not fully
exported it's gonna be exported in like
five I'd say five minutes it's 12:20
already at night and if I uploaded at
their house they don't have the same
internet I do so it would have taken a
lot longer to my video would've been up
until like 1:30 a.m. I might just drop
it like early morning like 8 o'clock
anyways but if I can get home in like
five minutes
and then if the Internet is not acting
out my internet should upload
the video and honestly I'd say about two
minutes and then it just needs a process
that doesn't take too long so I can
still get it up before 12:45 that's the
goal it's twelve sixteen right now I
want to get the video off before twelve
forty-five at night let's see if we can
do it and if it's 12:45 in the video is
not up that I'm just gonna call it an
Ellen upload in the morning which by the
way do you guys with these
late-night uploads that I do or do you
want the vlogs to be dropped in the
morning like let me know in the comments
late night or early morning just all you
have to do is comment late night or
early morning and then I will adapt to
whatever the most amount of people
comment I guess because I know a lot of
vloggers drop in the morning and I
honestly I planned on starting to do
that soon I never really planned on
dropping super late every night and then
each night I got later and later in
later and now it's like I'm dropping a 1
a.m. and like I don't really want to do
that so if you guys want the vlog as
soon as you wake up to watch before a
school like while you're eating cereal
stuff like that just comment early
morning and then instead of dropping
vlogs at night all I have to do is drop
them in the morning which honestly might
be a little easier for me so just let me
know in the comments and yeah I'll do
whatever you guys want guys big news
wolfing jr. just got so excited to see
me that he peed himself you peed
yourself because you saw me our you bit
me in the nose it's 12:24 I got home and
I'm already uploading my videos so we
are we're making good timing right now
guys good news we got the vlog up before
1 o'clock we got it up for like 1250
which is amazing
like as soon as I got home the vlog
uploaded in like 2 or 3 minutes like I
predicted and now it's up so now I just
kick it will be junior and BAE piglet
baby guys I just want to talk to you for
a second about just how tough my life is
this life is just so damn tough right
now just so tough wolfy how you asleep
like that buddy that's guys passed out
on me all right guys so that's the end
of the vlog thank you so much for
watching it till the very end very end
the blog on sleep on the ground I fell
asleep right there with wolfy jr. was
too damn comfy but if you guys enjoyed
the vlog make sure to give it a big
thumbs up let's hit 25,000 likes so if
you guys have not already gone on it's
much like button go do it for me because
I'm half asleep right now also if you
guys went to the very end of the vlog
comment down below
sleepy wolfy because I was just
past that little v jr. sleepy wolfy and
I will comment back to a shitload of you
guys that do that anyways that's it for
today's vlog I will see you guys soon on
more will be we stay a little bit more
savage in my main channel and as always
say so
