good morning ayo weskit is your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy last
night wolfy jr. is sick so me and Silvia
had to keep an eye on him but now he is
fully recovered today woke up he's
feeling a lot better
me and Silvia just finished watching two
episodes of narcos it was fucking dope
oh my God we're almost on the second
season it's insane I'm ready to jump on
to the next show
anyway Sylvia's editing for the day but
I don't have to edit today so I'm
picking up like p.o box today picking up
my computer parts from the male store
like I'm going a bunch of places but the
first stop is to pick up Ryan because
he's at the boy's house and he's coming
with me
alright guys lay out a big package on my
house this thing is huge this way bigger
than Cleo and she's jumping on it could
disrespect put some respect on my
package anyways got a package we got a
slip we are good to go to pick up
whatever the hell we have to pick up now
we have two packages guys it's how you
know we live in 2016 there's a
drive-through drug pickup right there at
this pharmacy and just just the word of
advice if you guys are ordering stuff
online just don't order it from 50
different websites because right now I'm
driving across the city to pick up
everything from different locations so
easier to do it in person unless you're
riding like one thing because then you
know what's going to one location but
right now I'm probably gonna run out of
gas with how many locations I'm going to
alright guys another package from
Purolator this is the last stop of
picking up for the day holy shit I've
traveled the world six times and back
and I got half my computer parts
hopefully Chris is home so I want to
drop this shit off look how packed my
backseat is right now I gotta get this
shit out of here this side up okay we're
gonna put it on the fragile one so guys
we're gonna bang out two stops at once
this Costco there but I just saw Rhona
so they called me on the phone this
morning and said that we can pick up
lights because you guys know how my
light bulb bursts I need a new one
and apparently Rona and like Home Depot
both have dope LED lights so I guess
we'll see if they have them I really
need a new one because the lights we
have a really yellow like to have a
yellowish tint just a basic lights you
buy so I'm gonna get LED ones that have
like a white tint first thing first
thing first LED lights as soon as you
walk in the store we literally mentally
what about this one imagine every good I
had one of these disco like it's a Paki
bro these are LED Ultra LED high output
I'll take six I need to ask an employee
why would I get that when I can get this
or this or these or a green one oh my
god there's so many options guys there's
literally so many fucking light options
I don't in order to begin I'm so lost I
just wanted a simple LED light and they
have like this is the LED light store
why get an employee when we know how to
choose our rate bulb so we start with a
base the screwy one is the one we need
choose the shape
I guess all of them are the same but so
this one we can't get this one looks
like a nipple this one weekend yet so we
have three options this appears in
wattage on the fixtures socket oh the
power okay yeah more power the better
LED is what we're getting so an LED
light I guess is one of these ones yeah
an LED lights at or we can get a
incandescent halogen now we're gonna get
this one and we need cold because this
is what we have guys warm warm is like
the yellowish tint we don't want to get
cold the person said not to get cold but
I want to get something in between so
like your math fourth up 3,500 that's
it's like 3,500 so guys these are the
ones that ended up buying these are LED
16 1 or 100 watt not 16 watt use a day
light bulb so they're gonna be a lot
more cold like it's gonna be a white
light as opposed to a yellow light but
basically either I would just look it
around and then one of the wolfin
actually works here and you came up he's
like yeah you need help you sent to some
guy we ask them some questions this dude
he's just like you want to see how light
it is cuz they're like what's the
brightest ball you can give us this guy
showed us what this looked like yeah if
I just pick them up its Thalia cobbler
walked out of the store like these
lights are disgustingly bright hopefully
they actually fit my bulb I found DJ and
Sean leaving Costco these guys don't
even know I'm here
I think DJ might be vlogging on his
phone let me sneak up behind them we're
gonna fan them guys first stop is the
stock section Ryan was just in the
girl's sweater section and he thought
one of the sweaters over there guys some
old lady called him out I'm just gonna
get these ones I always trust adidas and
Fela I want the black ones her hands
shopping for clothes guys no money
these we're good next stop I love my
granny what do you think bro the simple
God rides oh my god what was that mean
like from the hell am I might be I might
try some too that's healthy salty okay
guys it's back at it again with the pink
dip I don't even know this is right
Coptic cuz I love the samples Oh bacon
I'll take that he's actually stopping oh
my god I'm a PCS to go over to that bear
Ryan there's waffles and syrup in the
next aisle
you love your waffles right there
waffles it's a know your boy loves maple
syrup alright guys so a lot of you guys
have been commenting down below asking
your boy Charlie goofy can you please do
the Costco Walmart toilet paper before
but I do that when we can do the v8 fork
so we're about to do a toilet paper for
our v8 Ford in Costco let's get it right
we're not doing overcook quick I'm too
much of a bit to the or guys this could
possibly be the worst fucking day of my
life I'm looking through the aisles to
find red rave it can either cheaper
redbull and it's not here I don't know
if they moved it I don't know what's
going on right now I'm having a panic
attack because I need that shit I need
that shit to survive and I can't pay the
full price for the friggin whatever it's
called the Red Bulls one more aisle left
to go and they don't exist
oh my god guys this is all we got 41
beans for this much Red Bull the red
rave they went to a dummy dirty like
that it would have been like 20 bucks
well now I got to pay double the price
fuck him I hate my life
we're leaving Costco but I saw these
flowers and you know what I'm a good
boyfriend so I'm gonna get Silvia some
flowers Yolo all these roses got the
flowers
so these are going to stay with Yolo
this ludus threw them in
Silvia random act of kindness for the
day freedom see that that's freedom
freedom from all the stress a freedom
buddy
alright Sylvia here you go here you go
they're not actually yeah they are
Oh
random act of kindness of the day
sobbing I could a lady's bleach by lady
bathroom I saw them in Costco I was like
yeah so yeah ladies I carry Red Bull she
likes them okay guys here's my lights
lights it's all good look at this so
this is the yellow lighting I was
talking about just just let in this wind
here we go this is the yellow lighting
all right
Sofia took out the bulb there's no
there's no light no light there but I'll
show you on this side this is the yellow
light that I'm talking about these were
the bulbs before and as you guys can see
it has a yellow tint to it so boom look
at the yellow tip it's like it's like
yellow so we need to change that I'm
going to kick this off a bridge Loki so
let's take this light out these work
these help you out no TV alright guys
I'll show you to show you what happens
after I take it out put the blessed ones
in the moment of truth to see if the
light actually fits in the bulb I'll let
you guys know this doesn't fit no it
doesn't fit it doesn't you don't use
okay Pizza oh yeah how's outfit life
it's the moment of truth guys what were
the true is it is it like whoo I like it
that's a soft light that's awful that's
no that's a soft light so guys the
lights were pretty dope but the thing is
yeah soon as we put them under the
umbrella they dimmed oh so I don't know
what the hell is the issue so we're
gonna go back to another row know which
is by Henry's which is the store I
actually want the light set from
hopefully they can tell me what's going
on like I don't know these lights are
dope like the yellow lights yet that I
really how but they have like a yellowy
feel to them I don't know if you can see
like I'm yellowish reddish I don't
really like it these ones were perfect
on the color scale I just want on Rona's
website to go check out the return
policy what we're gonna go back to
runoff I thought these lights of the
bracings on Planet turns out the
umbrella burnt them so it is what it is
we're gonna have to find something else
so guys we went to the Rona really
quickly the other Rona to return the
lights turns out they didn't have what
we need we need to go to like a
specialty specialty lighting store and
it's not open we only have like 25
minutes together but it closed in 10
minutes so right now we're going to the
boys house I'm gonna check at my old
house to see if we have the lights
quickly just because maybe maybe we do I
remember when I bought my old lights a
long time ago I think I bought extra
bulbs so if those bulbs are the ones the
exact ones we need that would be amazing
but don't have too much time to do it
Ryan needs to drop this video at 6
it's 5:30 5:30 so we're on a tight
schedule hey let's find these lights do
we have what do we have what are we have
these jean shorts that can fucking eat
what they hear okay so in these boxes
guys I have all my like computer supply
so I have a macbook case in here i have
the the headphones I gave to Silvia
here's a bunch of just random supplies
no nothing what is this oh my blue Yeti
Pro bullshit my old Mac books in here
okay so it's not in this bag
not in this bag these are clothes so
that's a plop last box what do we got in
here okay so we got this is what
t3i okay Sylvia has this now here they
are here they are what is this so this
is 23 watts
it is 1,200 lumens I don't know what any
of this means
I hope this is bright this is not what I
was looking for but these are the two
lights cutting up two of them oh shit
you have two of them
should have two T's what are these oh
guys if you want the best camera ever
this one I vlog camera power g7 X mark -
this thing's a fucking beast as he
hasn't seen my favorite camera ever yo
guys so Shaun Bongo and Ryan are
downstairs they're filming a video for
Bongo channel I think I'm gonna sneak in
and see if I can prank them or something
I don't know the fuck I'm gonna do I'm
just gonna go down see y'all out there
yeah
unless mom's is this
oh here we go here we go cries you guys
can see it's lit as hell down here one
of the videos they're all going crazy
but I scared Ryan and partially scared
Sean two or three what you don't have
nine boys what - edit his vlog here I'm
gonna edit at the boys house guys so I'm
editing my video right now I'm like
almost done my vlog and I just shit my
pants because I was looking through the
footage any other day me and Ryan filmed
like a DIY for his channel at my house
and I thought I filmed it so I was
looking through the footage and I was
just like dadada scary happened I
thought the footage just got wiped out
like it was it was vlog footage of me
going to the mall and shit and then my
video and then I completely forgot that
we filmed it on his camera so I
literally had a heart attack I didn't
know how to break it to him yo yo holy
shit yo yo hope it's a fucking scrap uh
but no it's it's on Ryan's camera I
recorded so they felt so lucky right
you're good you look so he got his
footage everything's good to do so I
need to show you guys this I'm all about
okay like when I was when I didn't have
as many followers or anything I was all
about follow for follow you know like
for like following people to get extra
followers but this okay this has gone
too far
guys when you're verified you have a
verified tab so you can see verified
accounts to follow you so like every
every so often I go and check out some
accounts I went to this Brian brush
fucking guy all right why is this nigga
following 1.1 million followers Howlett
it's your timeline bro like this guy
goes like this and there's like another
five hundred thousand tweets like bro
I'm calling you out
fucking unfollow me bro I don't need
your follow I don't need your follow
we're gonna follow 1.1 other million
people I'm not special
so unfollow my ass and that's it like
we're cool and I'm still blurring this
whole time 1.1 million
woman that's like 1.99 thousand billion
people too much so you fucked someone's
blog up just never let them talk huh
no blog blog row that you do that don't
shake too much my subscribers don't like
no people shake a lot oh my god that's
it that's Teddy Jeremy so this is what I
did on cam too bad we didn't get it on
camera G oh it was a 360 almond cos cos
oh close get the light 100 chew on Rob
to go hungry okay two more guys three
that was the closest one guys three more
what all right yeah first I have to see
it first right now let's go hey guys
this is crazy Sylvia's posting snaps and
she's not texting me back
so what's up with that ah what's up okay
so yeah okay you get a text back curving
your homeboy
no more flowers ever again another debit
don't worry about it
in the poll one bit limit roll myself
like a cool cool window min ago I'll be
like a cold as Ryan's robbing my lockers
I found this out at the strong powerful
groups there's cranberry lemon lambda
sprite I'm going to taste test this as
soon as you get back to the boys house
you guys already know this is crazy
right is it crazy little bit okay guys
so the food is here but before I even
have the food I'm gonna test out this
cranberry lemon lime sprain cuz how wavy
this thing looks okay but I'm gonna tell
you one time no Justin Bieber what it
tastes like
oh let's see barely started first Oh
guys it is this is amazing
I'm just burnt guys this is blessed
look at this right hell yeah I know
cranberries freight just wrong it's a
prank we put the hottest hot sauces
there right goes above this regular
straight but it's still pretty blessed
like that's a toad again cuz I'm
watching this guy's you have to get
stung by some crazy and look at this
whole thing and ready tomorrow for says
her on it oh my god against my skin
wildest fun
oh my god no no no oh
yeah we get back here sorry dude hit him
and now he's in so much pain
instant pain okay okay guys so I'm back
at my crib I was chilling at the Alba
host for so damn long but me and Ryan
are here Silvia is here she's been with
the dog all day Wolfie come in come in
look at this he listens down and we are
going to watch
narcos basically Ryan Ryan was only one
episode behind us for like the longest
time and then means me and Silvia what's
the hot dog plus three any bitch look at
this and watch all episodes that I'm not
Anana me and Silvia watched like three
episodes was it Junaid we watch the tape
last night we watched like three last
night to this morning anyways we have
like two or three episodes left now
Ryan's left in the dust so we've just
spent the last like 20 minutes
explaining to Ryan what happened I know
spoiler alert spoiler but I don't care
we need to watch it together as a crew
finish it tonight
narcos is done I want to finish this
show it's super addicting I can't stop
watching stop hey somebody might stop
biting my toes anyway we're gonna finish
it tonight I will let you guys know how
it goes but here we go narcos time
netflix is engaged here we go we got
black e on the screen alright guys so we
just watched two episodes of narcos it's
3:00 in the morning I'm pretty sure
there's only one final no there is one
final episode of narcos but I'm gonna go
to bed now I'm gonna save the last
episode for tomorrow morning for when
like my head is really there before Ryan
leaves yeah I guess - fucking utterly
care about what hit it
but I just actually want to be like
fully in the mood right now I'm gonna be
like half asleep as I watched the
episode and I won't get the full effect
so I'm gonna wait till the morning but
I'm gonna end the vlog off there me and
Ryan are just watching and trolling
until these comments dads videos we
comment on every video like if you guys
see any of albo or any of my friends
posted like it subscribe and we always
comment you guys always see me in the
comment section I'm always trolling but
that's what we're gonna do now and then
pass the book l so if you guys enjoyed
make sure to give it a big thumbs up
let's hit 25 thousand likes wolf in
let's go smash that like button right
now and if you didn't enjoy it still go
down and hit that like button I wanna
hit 25k cuz if I don't have 25k then I'm
getting kicked out of my house also if
you made it to the very end of the vlog
comment down below
Vennela : whose man is this on my
chocolate cone just overhead chocolate
cone comment that's how I know your
lawyer wolf Sam you made it to the very
end you're Savage and I will see you
guys soon are more Wolfie where we stay
this much more a little savage savage me
