good morning I always get a super wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy today
we are going to Michael's I gotta go
pick up a bunch of supplies for my
videos and yeah Ryan's filming a video
today so it's just all about videos
today and every day so guys so
we got we needed a Michaels phenomen
walnut look at this you got Oreos okay
these are Oreos everyone knows these but
do you guys know these smiley face great
value great value looking at Sophie
right here like this what the hell is
this how you gonna try and sell these in
like birthday party sandwich cookies
these look good okay those actually do
look good but still what the are
these smiley face that's right a Walmart
is it everytime I always ask for like
something they just sent me to another
section to go find it and they never
tell me exactly where it is so I just
have to search it's great guys we're
having an unsuccessful mission at
Walmart I could only find an elastic
ball and I mean that's kind of cool but
I need elastics I need love to them so
I'm gonna have to go to Dollarama
because for some reason the girls are
there and hardware I couldn't find them
I just I give up at this point I give up
you know there'll be a better home there
guys my favorite book growing up was
definitely Guinness World Records you
know I'm still waiting for my nose
quarter record so like you guys could
put me in there because you haven't
emailed me back and forever but yeah I
could fit right under this ice card so
feel free to put me in there whenever
you want and just write it under this
guy yo gravity on Jupiter is two times
I forgot me on earth I knew that Tasha's
not spoken Ryan found some Pokemon deck
with Spanish so the Mexican Pikachu
Pikachu Libre but I know this once we
swing or whatever the legendary dog bro
you don't know about Pikachu Libre look
what I just found in LA blast guys stop
Nutella fudge brownie I might cop this
for Silvia I'll FaceTime it right now
and ask she wants it
Oh Nutella cookies - Wow new colors
taking over yeah now that likes me put
these look good chocolate hazelnut sugar
cookies six-pack you guys know I'm
always cheese so bla bla so in mine I
just just you know Oh take take the
cheese sign I mean it's not bad I see
the ice cream man the Dickey D is here
the Dickey D I don't know what you guys
call it where you're from that's what I
called it for some reason Dickey D is
the guy who rolls around on his bike
with like an ice-cream machine where is
he
can you see you back there no he go
there he's back there somewhere
basically just deliver his ice cream I
always used to try and Robin by screen
when I was little guys we finally
 did it I have huge news for you
guys check this out you know I always
joke around and say Ryan looks like ice
JJ fish cuz he does well guess what
when you look up Ryan sways on YouTube
this is what shows up literally the
second channel that comes up is ice JJ
fish we did it guys we did it we
did it wolf him shout to all people that
have ever searched shop there's Ryan's
ways of like I see a fish because now he
is I right movie junior loud with you
and yeah you might collab with him
you're so big
you're so big buddy guys via reiner
playing right oh I just beat him in the
120th minute overtime look at this Yee
he takes it I grab black joy
top right Hoss
he's done it again Rooney Rooney on the
kick our side
I wish you could get it over another win
for Wolfie that's right I was baby what
nothing is gotta go the 90th minute I
snuck in yeah
all right so I do you feel no beats will
beat undefeated so guys we just set up
the kitchen we got the light here Ryan's
about to shoot his video first and then
I'm gonna shoot my after cleaning up
everything just folded some blankets
over here put everything away so obvious
laptop's been here since we moved in
Nitze it needs to cut Wolfie Junior
wants a lot of attention right now so I
can't give him any because we're about
to film a banner in the DIY kitchen the
new one so here we go in order to stand
no yeah that's the spot would this your
voice slightly baby like that I know
what's good it's your boy Wolfie
I didn't write a big glue gun because I
don't want to waste time I got a
puff ha let's go think she's day every
day you take your name easy you name it
or not know do you think you're David
I'm not paying you enough for this you
just gonna twist out in half now I have
a nice piece just gonna give it a quick
- oh yeah come on come on don't cut
yourself
Sophia behind the camera give it a quick
like oh yeah and just that this what
happens when you know of it when you
don't have a hammer when you don't have
a saw in your house yet you just got to
pick it it like a book like a woodpecker
wit so just get a chip road chip away
hey did you see that holy right
lighter isn't high enough for the it to
fully reach that yeah yeah so try and
push it up from the bottom okay so let's
go to it okay guys because this kept
failing I'm just going to show you the
original way to do it and you're still
going to think it's cool but it did work
the first time okay three two one
alright next alright guys so this is
what my kitchen looks like after I
filmed pretty much spotless like
not completely spotless sorry for taking
so long I know it seemed like two
seconds in the vlog but I was just gone
for like three hours my fingers are all
burnt up I burnt the out of
my finger it is starting to bubble hold
on it has a lot of ink on it and maybe
if we get it in better light as you guys
can see I don't think you can see that
much anyways it's starting to bubble on
the end I burnt it I was playing
around in the video I don't know so now
I'm setting up everything and then I'm
gonna edit my blog it's night time I
think Sylvia's about to film two and
then we're gonna film a snapchat Q&A for
Ryan's channel so it's just been like a
very very productive day lots of filming
lots of cleaning after filming which is
what I'm doing right now and lots of
editing I don't think I'm gonna go do
anything cool today it's all about work
today I just finished editing my vlog
now me and Ryan are filming a Q&A for
his channel so we're in my office yeah
go check it is it now I just just don't
listen we're in my office we've got
everything set up we're using that
microphone up there we're not using that
microphone he's using my camera cuz his
camera and we're gonna bang this
out as quick as possible so that I can
go maybe watch the narcos I've been
trying to watch him for the past like 50
nights I haven't been able to watch it
you're from the village per month the
cousins but they n comment from DMI my
guys what a productive day today has
been like I mean even though I woke up
late even though I woke up late I still
grind it out a video from my channel
two videos for Ryan's channel and then
he did like a third part on his own I
wasn't part of that but still that
counts as my productive day
Silvia almost got a video film she
couldn't film because I was yelling in
my video and then she didn't have time
to film but she got more groceries so
her day was partially productive I just
went to the boys house for a bit to kick
it dropped Ryan off he's sleeping there
tonight I'm about to go home and pass oh
literally today was one of those days
like the whole day I felt just exhausted
like right you can see a little but all
day I've been feeling like I haven't had
my coffee even though I had my coffee
and energy drink today I never fully
woke up today for some reason and like
I've been at that state the whole
friggin days I think my body was just
telling me Oh Wolfie you gotta sleep you
need to sleep more you're not getting
enough sleep you're staying up to like 3
a.m. every night that's not good for you
I know guys I need to get a regular
sleep schedule I don't know how I'm
gonna do it because I always film and
I'm always editing like until the very
late nights so I don't know how that I
could possibly rearrange my sleep
schedule to be like wake up at like 8
a.m. and then go to bed at like 12 going
to bed at 12 is way too early like by
the time it hits 12 I just drop my vlog
every night I don't even know how I'd
make that change but I need to make that
change I like getting up early and
feeling really productive for the day
like if I get up at like 6 or 7 a.m. I
feel so productive because you get
everything where you get a lot of things
done that you need to get done by like
12 o'clock and then you have the full
day to just kick it that's what I want
instead of like filming out like one two
maybe even three today I filmed it like
six
I'm not having like no time to just hang
out afterwards because like you spend
the whole day convincing yourself you
need to film but then you're watching
narcos and you're like I can film it a
bit I can film it a bit I can film it a
bit and then you never end up filming so
time to see if Wolfie jr. is gonna be
asleep or awake by the time I get home
this guy honestly he sleeps a lot but
like at this time when like 2:00 in the
morning 3:00 in the morning he's not
sleeping so
hi buddy hey buddy
they will be see what I'm talking about
guys this guy sleeps then he hear
something and he wakes up right away he
just wants to be where the action is
hi buddy it was just passed out now he's
attacking my face okay okay okay
you have claws you need to get your
claws cut okay okay oh God how a code
base solution better rope now that he
has long claws like we need to go take
him to go get his hair cut and get his
nails cut because legit when he jumps on
your face to give you kisses and stuff
you legit cause you're thick see okay
okay we'll be okay chill now he's got
what do you got what do you got what do
you got well you carry what is that hey
we're not playing fetch at this time
buddy it's like 3:00 in the morning look
at that this guy found a glove okay okay
chill guys my midnight snack of choice
today is some hummus that I need to get
rid of and eat hummus got my pita Gabe
on sale the other day and I have a
turkey pepper at Turkey thing which is
delicious so you got this today's in
store we got part of the groceries today
we still gotta get all this stuff in
Costco like the ground beef and stuff I
might do that tomorrow if I have time I
am we're officially restocked on our
second load of groceries since we moved
in this house all right guys it's 3:00
in the morning me and Sophia are gonna
end the night out by watching this jail
show this guy just got punched in the
face on TV I don't know we've been
watching a lot of jail shows recently
like late at night but if you guys
enjoyed the ball make sure to give it a
big thumbs up let's hit 25,000 links for
this were a little family if you have
not gone and hit the like button right
now for my light ass go down and
smash that like button right now let's
hit 25,000 because we're all savages
down here also if you guys meet at this
part in today's vlog I just want you
guys to comment down below
vanilla comment down below vanilla you
guys will see why soon other than that I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
in my main channel and as always stay
savage let go
