good morning eh oh it's good werewolves
and welcome back to more wolfy I got my
friend chanel here Sylvia got Sylvia's
pension Ella got Ryan yeah we're having
breakfast right now it is raining but we
are at Dunn's famous diner we're getting
there breakfast I'm probably gonna get a
burger I'm not in the mood for breakfast
food I gotta lock my car oh shit so guys
us thinking about getting all day
breakfast and then I decided about
getting a burger because it is like 1:00
1:30 ish p.m. so I'm gonna go get the
come on cowboy burger barbecue sauce
bacon onion ring what do you know
lettuce tomato is delicious this Mon
cowboy burger guys this is B's knife
Wolfie Wolfie got a jam Ryan's got
breakfast food the ice looks dope bro
Caecilius violent era guys we're in
fancy we eat ketchup in glass bottles
right now you know your breakfast is
amazing it's like it's healthy low in
calories low in calories
all right so we are back in this bitch I
still have not taken my frigging H&M
clothes out of the bag kind of hang
those up if I have time today I would
like to go in another light bulb because
like you guys saw yesterday this one's
still messed up like you can hear it
it's now like it has a black it has a
black spot so I'm pretty sure it
exploded inside of there which is pretty
dangerous
you wanna you wanna what you wanna come
in tell me you're crazy
you can come come this guy crazy come on
see this good let me out let me have it
is national cheeseburger day also my mom
has a birthday dinner tonight so I can't
miss out on that I grinded extra hard
yesterday so that I could make it out
for the dinner today so I'm excited for
that I don't even know where we're going
I need to call her about that but yeah
right now we're just going to McDonald's
and then I have to go pick up something
from my p.o box and from I never say and
I also have to go to the mail station
thing to go pick up I think one of my
parts of my computers in one of the like
35 bucks okay guys so it turns out what
I got was the biggest part it was the
tower for my new computer so let's put
this in the back of my trunk if it fits
oh my god it's heavy legit like I
ordered this you guys thought I ordered
this like a day ago
it's ardian so the biggest part is good
king wolf you already know gotta show
love to chips and dairy but we are on a
limited time I haven't got my mom a
present cuz I've been super busy so I'm
gonna try and find her and buy her a
present before I even show off to go get
food delivery to Sylvia the biggest ice
cream cone in the world
okay this
wilfy jr. you can have some too buddy
this guy you gotta wait in the car cuz
your dog they don't like dogs actually
come over here come play come on yeah
I'm taking Wolfie to the park you get to
go to the park buddy
guys is a park it chips in dairy first
time on a slide yeah bro buddy just like
let his body limp go buddy go and too
scared Lion King hey buddy
so I got home my mama's not here she's
out with my grandparents they are in
town for her birthday too
dinner's at 4:30 but I just asked my dad
what she really wanted and I was gonna
get her like a haircut then I decided
I'm obviously getting anything crazy
done with her hair it's probably not
gonna be too much like that's not one of
the priorities so my grandparents are
getting her a jacket right now and
looking for a jacket but me and my dad
just talked I think we might go split on
a really nice bike for her because she
bikes almost every day on her on her
bike in the living room but like just to
get to the gym get home good exercise my
mom's a queen a health freak my mom
would love a bike so I know bikes are
expensive but if I go half with my dad
then we might be able to do that so
we're gonna eat quickly my brother and
Dustin and filming a bit over here and
then we are on a tight schedule to go
find a fucking bike shop hopefully
that's open on Sunday I love my basement
so much just this big basement right
here right beside the nice family good I
like this better
I just found eraser Miocene is about to
use it I would not use it really where'd
you find it
I'd be polling it's my grandparents
saying this to my grandparents bed right
here nostalgic is it nostalgic kind of
whole event I use the word embracing
nostalgic missed all John yeah guys so
right now we're doing when I usually do
everyday for a few hours I love to
justcloud watch and just pick out what
the clouds look like so you guys yeah
the one over there over there looks like
an apple that's the stem of the Apple
and the leaf and then that's the Apple
you don't see that the Illuminati
triangle right there oh I see yeah no
over there not there right there bro do
you not see the triangle in there
Illuminati holy shit is that uh why is
Ryan in the clouds right now what the
hell yo Ryan what are you saying in the
clouds
that's crazy guys these clouds are
insane today oh my god like the video if
you see Ryan in the clouds
hold on there he is comment down below
if you see guys we are in the found a
bike that's disgusting carbon fiber it's
like honesty to low light to low price
range so now we're picking a water
bottle cage for my mom so if we're going
to go carbon-fibre $90 cage 2.0 colors
20 hours no it's not a pink thing it's
green green or carbon fiber you choose
torah buying her a water bottle cage and
a bell so she street legal all this
stuff maybe some handlebars I want to
get her a seat like a different gel seat
and this one's wavy oh my god it's
expensive as hell though because I find
these bike seats are tiny look at this
bike this is the world's smallest bike
Ryan this is for you
well I what kids write me all these
helmets are nice and all but I mean the
price 15 bucks go Joey
my mom wrote her home with that
construction helmet am I getting this
one since kind of badass this was all so
badass this one's the beatest one by far
and why is it the most expensive
so these oh yeah that's our but that's
octal evil mips brands great cocktail
table manners friggin navel dips
what's faster to use to help it do it
over here oh geez gosh why is this the
thickest will I've ever seen in my life
yeah 20300 beans light work
get it a green one so she can blend in
with the jungle that she's liking guys a
comparison in size of the tires BAM
regular tire big tire North recall who's
biking with these like where do you need
to be biking you need be biking over a
glass or like lava let me know so guys
we got the bike we got the bike it's in
the car now
it's a tight squeeze on the ride home
but it is what it is what what are you
doing that's where the computer on his
lap Oh too tight squeeze on the ride
home so we gotta go
here we go quick ride next stop is
Shoppers Drug Mart Sylvia wants to buy
my mama fragrance that's what they're
called like yeah my dad doesn't like it
then you're choking
so you have one chance to fire the
fragrance Rajeev on cheese we're buying
Giovanni today only the most classy
stuff this is the only stuff I wear polo
hold on power louse no where's the one I
always get when I wear guys if you want
to weigh the same cologne as your boy is
light blue right there Dolce and Gabbana
light blue that's the one I wear guys
this is also another one I like euphoria
by Calvin Klein
that one's disgusting and I wear that
one too you guys Ryan is in the black
girl hair section looking for a weave
yo Ryan why are you looking for a weave
why are you getting weaves bro I saw you
in the the ethnic hair hair section say
he's getting a pic oh we found it here
it is it's all you it's a dad smell if
he doesn't like it for his wife he
doesn't get it all right we're not
getting in it's bad luck
fuck it what do you think let me tell
you I think what I'll tell you what I
think guys here's a sample of what I
usually use but they give coffee beans
Ryan doesn't know what they're for some
would call them in the comments hit the
like button if you know what they're for
will do they're to refresh your nose
sense like it's like to refresh your
palate I guarantee no why would it be
right sniff yeah because if you smell
too many cents at a time then it's a
flop really yeah because you don't get
the full effect Wow
God what are the copy gains for you reek
lens you bless I told you re cleanse
your palate oh I found the perfect thing
for my for my mom I'm getting her 85
years young
all right I'm getting our booty if my
fans can get my mom they need friggin
card this is the one it would be easily
the next thing we need is a bowl for the
bike so it's either we get one of these
curly ones are just the typical one
these are the only options and we are
limited on time so it's probably it's
gonna be the typical one shut up to my
mom for being a Selena fan on the
nightshirt
yo wait a Selena Gomez shirt
windbreakers hey we own the night you
like Selena name one song babe what song
would you fan that's not fake Selena
Nader's out of you don't kill me alright
guys so we set up the bike out front of
our house basically it's got the human
2.0 color water bottle it's got the
human 2.0 color ribbon or whatever you
call that
we got the Elsa balloon for my mom she
loves frozen so big fan big fan gotta
get her that and and yeah we got her the
bell the USB chargers light I think
that's about it I was gonna get to the
seat thing but I'm not gonna do that
today I'm gonna get her that next time
she goes to get her helmet because she
needs to get checked for that so right
now my dad's gonna tell her to come
outside and she's gonna get her new bike
oh my god what I wanted that's your new
bike oh good girl matte black you got
you the h2o colors nice and Elsa balloon
because you love frozen yeah I know
that's the one that you love go try it
out no one's written it yet see if it
rides and you probably have to put the
seat down a bit though you have to put
the seat down I don't know how to do
that yet my mom doesn't know how to
change gears she just did a circle that
I wrote his god she's on to lower the
gear so the bikes going like like that
look at us she needs to go up a gear and
the seats too high for right now you
gotta lower that I gotta figure that out
there she is her first ride how is it
it's so lightweight no where's dad
listen buddy you take care of this puppy
with your life he's tired right now so
you're lucky his wipes everything this
is my dog that yeah you can have the dog
I gave him away gave him away title all
right billion views yeah that's he likes
this cue stick so guys we're out of
place that it has the most healthy food
in the world as you can see you can't
find anything that's not vegan out here
this is all vegan guys vegan vegan vegan
the only thing that's not vegan is the
kale salad they serve water in this cool
little jar we have these at our house so
I have these at my mom's house instead
of like a picture you can pour yourself
swag so our smoothies came in guys
I got strong I got strong which is
pineapple juice it's orange juice mango
and banana
as you serve you the wraps in greens
this is a wrap in greens
there's nothing unhealthy about this so
we finished having dinner but the next
thing I gotta get is this for either
this one or this one for a video I'm
about to film I'm pretty sure many of
the feet I think David or me has used
this in a video before this is not gonna
be fun but I'm doing it for the fuckin
entertainment for you guys so thank me
later on my damn main channel that's all
I got to say this should be the thing I
need ya know maybe easy rap sheet the
easy grip I don't know maybe this one
cuz I have kind of judgment now I've
sensitive skin alright guys so I'm
leaving on shoppers gentleman right now
I picked up the leg wax time to go pick
up my damn puppy and then film these two
videos as quick as possible with Ryan so
Ryan's other boy's house the puppy
Wolfie jr. is either boys house Jett I
hope you didn't kill my dog I trust you
let's see if we'll be Junior Peter
pooped on the ground probably Peter
pooped in their host like his daddy
always taught him to do dis always poop
in strangers house it's Oh so we're
about to film so I got to go into
Sylvia's office and grab one of her
light bulbs the ghetto the ghetto way
because my light bulbs smashed the other
day and I need good lighting my room so
I'm going behind and stealing her light
bulb one that actually works hopefully
the lights other thing that's broken
hopefully it's just the light bulbs
that's way less expensive and I can't do
this here we go
if you see the ruing at braiding you'll
know it worked ok the room got brighter
listen to this watch this
3 2 1 BAM let's go thank you for ending
a liquid and everything works now double
legs double light action we're good to
go let's get this set up
oh shit I need to go get the microphone
through Sylvia's room guys Ryan saying
kanye west's got instagram verified
birthday seven oh it's not focus 712 k
followers in one day refresh it watch it
be 713 no no
I see you I see you bro pass me in one
day fuck welcome Kanye welcome Kanye
please PLEASE Kanye West snake you have
more followers in the in one day teach
me how you do that so I'm gonna teach
you guys a life hack if you want to go
from 1 to 1 million subscribers there no
1 million Instagram followers in one day
all you got to do ok it's not for
everyone it's pretty fucking hard to do
for a lot of us ok you just got it you
got a tint your skin tone black and then
become Kanye West that's it I mean it's
it alright you're lucky I gave you the
hack Congrats go ahead and do it let me
become Kanye
holy I got one bill alright guys so I
got the leg wax up right here I got the
video up on the screen right here camera
here recording over here we are about to
do this and I'm not looking forward to
this as you guys can see my legs are
this hairy before the video starts okay
not not too hairy
like I'm not the hairiest person but I
don't have decent amount of hair on my
legs these days so you guys will see
what they look like after I'll give you
one more look boom this is what they
look like before okay you guys will see
after alright guys so I just finished a
video I'm sweaty as fuck it was wild
this is the remains of the vid this is
all one of my body parts hair ah
I've had better days I've had better
days Ryan's head you know not even
better yet torture but this is the
remainder of the wax there's a lot of it
okay and then wax my whole body but
there's a few strips left not too many
we use the lot in the video but now time
to film another video and I'll let you
know how that goes alright guys so I
just finished filming the second second
video it's obviously a banger because
everything I touch is a banger that's
just the way it goes the way it is so
now I'm gonna edit a video
I got a drop it tonight Sylvia's
watching some stuff with wolfy jr. he's
sleeping Ryan was in both videos a shout
out to Ryan for being in the videos
please it's lazy shaky shaky blogs so
guys this is a big moment in history we
went to schwarmann Paulo so we're gonna
see if they got our order right for like
the first time in history because they
never get it right I had a price on my
head
it has rice it's mine you know that game
where they put a ball or something under
four cups or three cups and then
rearrange them basically that's what
we're trying to do with our shawarma
essentially they put this Roma's on the
girl where they were dealing with like
eight at the same time so we don't know
if our swarmers actual my so I think my
role was fucked up I only got one I'm
not that hungry but I got my coffee
let's see if Ryan's Roma is right did
you get to with rice
I know you don't want to that's it it's
right this race there's rice in it and
this tomato and mostly the spicy sauce
Congrats wow that's good they went two
for two oh wow got it this time
don't be meddling kids next time you
guys I just dropped one of my most troll
videos ever I finished it stop alert
Frank the longest I've ever done song
lyric texts right on ex-girlfriend would
treat you better by Shawn Mendes caught
cheating brackets clickbait god is on
the rise let's get it now we're watching
it on the TV it's doing well thank you
guys this is fucking troll Wolfie for
you so I had to call out some some
people that were teasing me so it's
wrong there pranks I don't guys shut up
to everybody right now on you nails with
Wolfie junior mad fans I want you guys
to comment in the comment section
wolfies the biggest savage I know
focusing there we go you guys are in the
vlog here we go everyone is spamming it
it's lit savage big time if he's the
biggest sound you know it's little
scruff hey we're number two on guys
we're not number one
looks like we're number two in life okay
so I'm watching some exclusive on Swayze
he left his camera at the boys house for
like two days
John blog let me tell you here yeah I
know you watching this because this is
not going to drop before this video
drops but you thank you for the footage
you sneak this man so you might have to
get a little this track bong easy watch
yourself boy guys hit the like button if
you are Ryan is ready
twenty-five thousand likes bond will you
get the bitch check all right twenty
five thousand likes he heard the bed
boggle your next bro
anyways that'll took his camera because
I left it at the boy's house for like a
few days so they were blogging for day
guys Sylvia is about to hit 500k all
subscribers
she is like seeing all people are
trolling something it's lagging there oh
here we go here we go here we go a two
more way from her to kill that and I get
two point nine mil today I think I think
that was today so milestones for the
whole for the whole crew so there's that
500k now holy shit that's insane to
think you didn't even do YouTube like a
year ago
guys this is why you don't come out of
your netid FIFA otherwise I'm gonna
snipe from way or the blocks out of your
ass get the fuck out of here look at
this guy's Ryan stepped out of his
blocks look how far back I am oh it's
all right we're clear people 100 guys
it's got another goal I ran up the whole
sideline and just put it in right here
you close side you gotta do it this you
talk south shed alright guys so I'm
ending the night off with another
spanking a FIFA beer I am six times
look at this penalty shootout okay look
at Ryan anyways guys I'm gonna end the
vlog off there it's like 3:30 in the
morning we got a lot to do tomorrow so
if you guys enjoyed the vlog make sure
to give it a big thumbs up smash twenty
five thousand likes
okay wolf em that's all I want from you
guys for this vlog so go down to that
like button right now and smash it and
also if you guys made it to the very end
of the blog I want you guys to comment
something down below
so that I know you made it to the very
end so comment down below don't comment
that comment wolf head because my
grandparents does got me like this wolf
head little sculpture there it's kind of
wavy so comment wolf head and I will see
you guys soon are more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage than the
Lions here okay yeah
