good morning a what skinny boy will be
welcome back to more wolfin today we are
starting off the day right with some
pancakes in this bitch Sylvia just made
a fucking mountain of pancakes my ripoff
Walmart brand over there this is eating
with us today yeah this is a family
family bonding right now good I'll do it
again on this one is it going in the car
yep not going in the cup good guys this
is what it's like to have wolfy jr. try
to get likes on Instagram homers you
know wanna get us abused man get us the
views baseball
whoopee come walk come here
whoopee sit sit hey no no sit hey down
stay stay stay
come here okay
no one's your right bluesy mafia hey my
dog doesn't even listen to me
both he come here wolfy thanks Sylvia
homie whoopee
guys wolf is Yunior pissed on Ryan's
pants apparent why would you piss on
Ryan's rages pants good job good boy
good boy
oh good boy yeah yeah great litanies
what's he like so it's laundry day your
boy wolfy wraps his house you don't have
enough stuff in the dark load just
asking right you have any dark stuff I
can wash Oh mark Fitz watch these kind
of movies these are the problems anyways
guys we're going to read Oh today or
somewhere we're going out we're leaving
the house today I need to get out of the
house see the world I forget what it
looks like you know I've been trapped in
my room editing all day grinding for you
guys I mean it's all good but I want to
see the real world so we're going out so
guys I'm doing a meet-up at share tea
later the lion is already insane it's
inside like I didn't even tell people to
come this early I don't know why yeah
I'm here guys like for every people look
at all the proteins wolf family
everybody is just lighting up so early
it's insane like my supporters in Ottawa
or fuck you crazy
shut up you guys shut up yes
shots on Mari mints and mysians sweetie
on slays nation boy yo guys moment of
silence for my nigga Harambee that's all
I got to say I'm tired of this shit I am
tired of this shit you'll hate you them
shots at H&M for having some Harambee
merchants guys so I found these sweaters
I couldn't decide if I wanted them black
this beige color or white so you already
know your boy support to cop all three
Brian's snake yeah he got the black let
me grab the black punch told me not to
get it snake Omar's a real don't buy
anything naughty girl yeah this place
doesn't have enough expensive stuff for
you those are mine everyone knows are
the classical oh you guys know guys
Justin Bieber you know I fuck with you
and there's one purpose to her peace of
murdering Outfitters xoxo your boys want
to try it on honestly even though it
says staff and this isn't like the piece
I go to I still love Justin to the point
where I'd buy as much cheese that's
helped me get going through the mirror
over that sort of back wait
I got this leaves are too small I'll try
to get a nice shot with the customer
body we go all the shots
oh my movie yet I let your the bag I
said I can't buy it
you guys already know I had to come to
my place show it some love so right now
we're at burrito gringo picking up some
burritos I didn't get one the other day
and I was really craving one in the vlog
why is it so okay now the lights on me
now my lady
anyways picking up some burritos I'm
gonna go back to my crib Silvia has my
car so I don't know if she's at home I
guess we'll see if she's back there but
we're just gonna post at the crib for a
bit I got a text because David was
texting me
this film yeah video my house good boy
guys check it so I literally left this
pair in the fridge until it got soft but
you know teen soft hair that's how we do
it's got red on this side green on this
side wall they're eating wings over
there somebody got okay so right now
guys I'm in Walmart it is really late at
night but I'm doing something pretty
near to my heart I don't know if you
guys know but basically my one boy Chris
has helped me build my computers he's
helped me with any technology issue I
ever have I always call on Chris so
today me and some of the boys because he
helps Sean with his computer and he hope
jad with his computer we're gonna pool
our money together and buy him a ps4
because I know he wants a ps4 so we
thought what better way to thank him
then get him a ps4 at Walmart and Yolo
he has no idea it's coming so hopefully
he's excited hopefully he's pumped I
don't know a game to buy a me cuz I
don't know a game he plays he's a PC
gamer but hopefully enjoys the present
but I got Ryan sways David parody
Shawn it's your boy right there we're
about to buy this ps4 we are in the ps4
section hopefully they have some in
stock
hopefully I know they do let's cross our
fingers guys and everybody cross your
fingers here we go three two one of
course we could have the new ps4 right
here with NHL 17 you know what he
doesn't rate that he doesn't rate NHL 16
I'm just to get on the regular when it
doesn't come with a game we're gonna
have to find the game so guys thank God
the Uncharted 4 one is here I know Chris
will like this game maybe he's beated
already he probably has played it and
beat it already but this one's way
better than the NHL one and it comes
with the ps4 so you're welcome Chris
thank you for all the help so far if
you're watching this one alright guys so
I just pulled up to Chris's house it is
time I'm about to give him the ps4 here
we go out and I hope he likes it
too much growth
Oh
I hate the noise no no I actually did
feel like the most expensive shipment
everything I wanted but
so guys Chris just texted me saying he
thought we were gonna pull a prank on
him and he didn't actually believe that
we gave him it and he's like thank you
so much holy shit guys so he's in shock
so I'm I'm guessing you folks for the n
also the game we got him Uncharted
fuckin this guy didn't even play I
thought he beat it he didn't play it so
he's amped to play it so that is a good
deed for the day I'm happy now we're
gonna play some FIFA demo on my ps4 I
brought it out here with the boys now
guys me and David are about to face Sean
and Ryan in some FIFA match Ryan selects
a FIFA Sean's a god site sucks we're
about to birth them all update you guys
with the score at halftime guys so we
just got a wavy go look at that
tic-tac-toe us far side first one you
know one one its 25th minute 75th minute
and yeah we're we're working them in
stats so it's to 288 minute guys the
games almost over but look at this
fucking shot grab it on the ground he
grounds it what the goalie day was just
like nah a yearly there ain't cops yeah
that ain't gonna reach 200 you sure so
me and David friggin ended up winning
Mexico I'll come back to you later boy
why user is always so song see we got a
do rematch because I really want it so
we're doing a rematch me and Ryan just
one look at this plate
look at this Reed look at that cross
give me a little top-10 we won that's it
next game so guys we just got back I
just dropped Sean and David off I'm too
much boy Brian and what we were about to
do this thing it challenged me too
he literally thinks he knows more about
music than me and you guys know I listen
to music 24/7 I know more about rap
music Murphy way more than this dude
so there's actually this app that we've
been playing and I've been working this
guy like I've got a couple times with
basically no IQ I'm Ricky
it's called song pop too but you guys
don't know what it is I'll pop it up on
the screen right now because I want to
show you us playing it but basically
it's just a game to test your knowledge
on how much you know some certain type
of music like it could be wrapped it
could be pop it could be rock R&B
hip-hop whatever like okay but me and I
are obviously rap and hip-hop and stuff
like that so basically I'm gonna pop the
game up on the screen right now and you
guys are gonna see some live footage of
your boy destroying right action you
know we're gonna be working together to
market online so basically how the game
works is you just challenge your friends
or you're getting the challenge random
people to see if you can guess a song
before they can guess so basically a
timer is gonna count down and then a
song is gonna start playing on the
screen it's gonna give you a bunch of
options and you have to guess what that
song is before the opponent gets it and
I've been sneaking right but won't work
it together two lights dudes we're gonna
be some tips off of it so basically as
you can see on our screen right now
first of all magic boy on this we're
gonna have wolfy baby I'll leave it in
the description won't be baby already
know what it is sorry baby and basically
what you do is you pick the genres of
music that you like so like I said we
picked R&B rap hip-hop pop just like
talk music that everybody should know
I'm gonna show you how so right now I'm
gonna click on new game search for a
random opponent I'm gonna give a shit
now we got a couple players that we can
choose so we got 2014 best rap and R&B
essential hits an essential rap
I'm going with a center rap because I
feel like I can get all the songs in
that category so here we go let's go
Kanye West 7 okay let's get it fancy
I know all my rap I know Black Widow
Green Lake it's just that simple if you
know rap Lake your boy wolfy knows rap
and even though I don't rap too often
you fake kids on this game I'll let Ryan
swaggy jindo so Ryan's going all the
pressure is on right now we're spanking
kids as a team I got you I got you know
the fruits do or a flop pursuer flop but
you guys see how the game works so
basically I'd you point wolfy baby I'll
leave it in the description song talk to
is lit if you guys want to battle your
boy if you if you think you know more
about rap music any music in general
I'll even beat you in like forgetting
rock music dude let's go so yeah
basically I'll leave everything you need
in the description below you already
know what it is your boy wolfies about
to spank some kids but this is what
we're doing on our Friday night it is
like let's do it now we're just spanking
Amanda again Topher jealous we have
Taylor Swift you already know it is
Brown rather be rather be rather me
rather be rather he'd rather be
here you fucking play bro I'm Pro I'm a
see ya
guys it's got to the silver league we've
been playing the 10th best of the day
the 10th best of the day because they're
so competitive where literally we won't
stop playing until we get to lower
fuckin one okay so we're spanking kids
but what place are we now we're like
okay nice today
hold on let it focus guys ninth of the
day we are ninth of the day that's me no
no picture but fuck Monica we passed
there Felicia you know what we you we're
not gonna catch up to you all right just
chill we're done for the day
anyways guys I think I'm gonna go to bed
it is 3:00 in the morning apparently
there's gonna be a bit of a turn up
tomorrow night so I gotta get ready for
that you don't know us two and a half
year olds do so me and Ryan are about to
pass out Ryan has his office to sleep in
which is extremely comfy for him I'm
gonna go sleep with wolfy jr. and Silvia
but I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if
you did please make sure to go down
right now and it smash that like button
but it's a twenty five thousand likes on
this video Ryan just made the boss from
Sonic shit hit the thumbs up to 25,000
likes again and if you guys made it to
the very end of the vlog I appreciate
you guys so much so I want you guys to
comment something down below so I know
you are so comment down below hopefully
the next light that's better because
honestly about two seconds ago I fucking
broke my leg first of all I don't know
what these switches on the walls do so
basically I was just great around with
them
then I guess I might have like
overheated the defibrillator and shit
and then the leg just happened to break
so so as you guys can see listen to that
that's a broken light bulb I broke
fucking light I've had it for like a
week and it's broken so I'm cheese but
comment that down below and I will see
you guys soon on motor Wolfie where we
stayed a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage
now
