good morning a osq werewolf we welcome
back to more wolf people right now
eating the classic peanut butter and
bagel and I'm about to go to the gym
quickly because I gotta meet up with my
mom to do something so well Sylvia's
painting the floor I'm gonna bring this
guy who has his new toy wolfy jr. hey he
loves it with me so that Sophia can
actually clean the floor all right guys
so we are on route to the gym wolfy jr.
is sleeping nicely on my lap so that's
good I think it gets scared every time
we go in the car so it's just easy to
drive in them these days I really hope
my mom is still at the gym I told her I
would be like five minutes but I've been
like half an hour so she's probably
gonna be a little bit cheese that I'm
late but I run on wolfy time so wolfy
time is cooking pull up to the gym where
you've seen Destin and Zach film on
numerous occasions gym with 2.0 you
already know what it is
where's my mom's car I don't even see my
mom's car all right let's pull on the
front left has pull on the front so I
got what I needed from human 2.0 my mom
is coming to my house quickly
both of juniors now crying because he's
scared because he didn't know what the
hell was going on in there but yeah now
my mom's coming our house to help me out
and then everything Hey
it's all good bro it's all good it's all
good here I'll give you a hug come on so
guys Boy Meets World is on TV that's
what I've been watching for the past
half an hour but I got to start my day
off so first things first got to do what
every typical two-year-old would do
gotta go pay the TV bill because I
forgot to do it last night I gotta grab
my laptop and go do that I also got to
reply to a bunch of emails today just
work stuff you know the YouTube life
that's what I gotta do today so you do
every day so I do every day and then
filming after I think don't quote me on
this but I want to film warhead shot
glasses I know a lot of people who've
been waiting on that you guys know how I
feel about the shot glass videos like
I've done a billion of them but you guys
still want more for some reason so if I
can get all my behind-the-scenes work
done then I'm gonna film that I'm not
gonna edit it today but it would be dope
if I could get all that done by the time
that Ryan came here tonight so I could
actually kick it with him he's supposed
to get here at like 6 but you guys know
like I said yesterday
Omar time so we'll see comment down
below what time you think Ryan is going
to get here he says 5 to 6 p.m. I'm
saying 10 p.m. because Omar is driving
but comment down below to give you guys
a little bit of a hint so you actually
know when he would probably get here
last time Ryan came here he said he was
- come here five or six and you got here
at 1:00 a.m. so it's kind of a gamble
but comment down below this is how much
you trust Omar whoever gets it right
gets my YouTube channel so make sure to
leave a comment and hit that like button
- just just hit the like button because
okay guys so when buying things online
usually things go wrong so when I was
putting in some of the information I
must have screwed up so instead of camp
okay I thought that was somebody I
thought that was somebody and said okay
instead of being able to cancel my order
I have to call them and put it through I
don't know what's going on I hate buying
shit online okay I just bought like all
the parts for my new computer and from
different websites honestly there was a
website that my buddy helped me put all
the parts together but I still had to
buy it if I wanted to buy the cheapest
of everything buy it from different
websites so this one website that I just
bought up off is putting me on hold
BAM I'm about to dance though yeah yeah
yeah whoopee dance borough we're on hold
bow dance the music just got quieter I'm
cheese I'm stolen hope we're on hold bro
and you just drop the remote
who's managers breaking everything in
the house man you're breaking everything
in the house so now I guess we just wait
usually when I'm on hold I don't want to
do anything that takes too much of my
attention away because I don't want to
get distracted and miss it it said my
current wait time is 11 minutes I said
on the second person on hold so we'll
see how long it actually takes I've been
waiting for like five minutes so far
after 11 minutes you already know I'm
hanging up now I need this part why
couldn't we just buy it in the store we
should have just bought it in the store
just like every other person at least I
got my puppy here to lick me okay so I
finally got everything sorted out I
didn't even have to wait a few extra
days on top of how long it's gonna take
to ship this stuff because I fucked up I
guess I gave them the wrong phone number
or something I don't know something
happened in the process but take it from
me guys
unless you're buying stuff from like a
well-known site that you trust like
Amazon's bless any site like that is
amazing if you can buy it in the store
even if it cost an extra $10 buy it in
the damn store
save yourself the hassle of what I'm
about to go through of waiting for one
computer part not to come in on time
which means I have to wait for the whole
computer to be built on time it's just
gonna slow down the whole process I just
had to deal with customer service and by
the way it took like I say
on 10 minutes it said I was gonna take
11 minutes but it took 10 minutes for
them to get on the line with me finally
I got someone and they were really nice
so so it went well but friggin I just
dealt with stuff I didn't need to Costco
explained to me this we're cooking corn
but there is also some chicken fingers
chicken tenders whatever you want to
call them what is this why is there a
chicken nugget in the chicken tenders
I didn't want to chicken nuggets I still
read chicken tenders okay I still like
them but what what is this what is that
I don't know why does it want to be a
chicken finger so bad cuz it's not what
is this - why does this want to be a
chicken wing so bad like did you package
it in the wrong thing like did you bread
the wrong chicken piece like what why is
this a wing and why is this nugget in
with a bunch of chicken fingers chicken
tenders I'm cheese still going to eat it
but I'm cheesed by the way Silvia asked
so Sonia asked henna cooked broccoli
another day another life
Silvia guys I'm in Sylvia's office in
Wolfie Junior's trending down to five
that's like a bad joke please do that
again more than one more time before he
was too scared to jump off the couch
even though it's not a high fall and
I've seen him do it watch this he picks
the best spot I missed it geez
literally he did it once and now he just
knows he can do it so he just finds the
best bar where it's like the lowest drop
hey ready buddy ready we're gonna run
away and you're not gonna know we are
here go there hide-and-seek three two
one go hide hide hide
okay bye wolfy here he goes
look at this he's looking three two one
fucking light bulb a guy can't be alone
for two seconds guys so I'm stopping by
my old house to pick up one of the
famous things it's not in here where is
it where is it
boom you already know this a lot of you
guys are probably seeing this like oh
shit again you guys smash the like
button every time I even told you in the
last video I was like yelled I've done
too many of these this cow under looking
at us
and you guys are like no we want more do
this one do this one do warheads so I
have warheads you guys saw it in the
vlogs like a bunch of logs ago and I
just haven't used them think they've
been sitting in my closet collecting
dust I don't know if we're heads like
have a certain expiration date probably
not because they're just candy but maybe
they get a little more sticky like the
Jolly Ranchers and that really turned
out for the worst so I just dropped
Wolfie jr. off my sister for a bit so
Sylvia can grind out her video as quick
as possible so that I can film after her
told that we can be done our videos by
the time Ryan gets here because I'm
gonna kick it with him tonight so I want
to have both of our videos done warhead
shot glasses and I got more DIY ideas in
the bank don't worry like yeah I will
fee this is just the beginning for you
boy I know I put out a poll on Twitter
the other day I want you guys to comment
down below who your favorite Wolfie is
like I have multiple personalities I
have savage Wolfie DIY will feet soft
Wolfie real Wolfie chef Wolfie what are
the other ones that I honestly forget
but they're all on my Twitter I put out
a poll a friggin put the Twitter link
there vote there comment down below
which is your favorite Wolfie I need to
know so that I can do more of that
Wolfie in the future because I want to
make whatever makes you guys happy right
guys I just went to the pet store look
at Howdy's this bag of treats is I don't
know if you could tell here's my arm for
some okay my arm is not gonna measure my
arm for size this bag is like honestly I
think three to four times a bag I got
before but Wolfie jr. really loves these
dog treats of many bullies basically
they're just liver dried liver they have
low calories per treat cuz I don't want
them to get too big but that is honestly
gonna last him if they don't go bad for
like a minute I don't know if they have
an expiration date
I'm sure they'll last for a while I'll
check when I get home Wolfie jr. is
gonna be happy because we just ran out
of those so next stop Walmart I honestly
don't think I could
any further away from Walmart right
there that's Walmart and my car is
behind the McDonald's over there fucking
joking it's right there still pretty far
but imagine if I actually parked at a
different parking lot so because Ryan's
coming over I got to pick up an air
mattress we have an extra mattress but
it's like hidden away it's hard to get
this is just gonna be the air mattress
and I know people hate air mattresses
but like Ryan I don't care you're
getting what you get or you're sleeping
in Wolfie juniors pen or whatever I
gotta get something so you can sleep on
it because I'm a good I'm a good host so
I need to be kind of my guest before I
get Ryan anything I need to pick up a
few of these for my video so the
brightest ones pink blue red is my
favorite color
honestly I look at them all so basically
the options we got are this one this
one's absolutely these like it is super
high which means it has maximum comfort
for sure it's like 5 feet off the ground
that was definitely comfy as hell we
also got the classic downy the full
classic downy Intex you know 54 by 75
inches is just a typical typical air bed
Morgan there we also have the baby one
this one's looking good for Ryan to be
honest I think he'd fit in this one the
kids travel bed set I mean you guys tell
me that one looks pretty nice
there's also another ds1 a diesel end
but the thing is I feel like I'm just
gonna get them the typical one because I
don't have guests over sleeping over too
often I might in the future but I might
just get the small one it is comfort
this comfort see comfort I don't know it
was on the other side this Comfort see
comfort so now it's a choice between a
single which is like probably very thin
for one person of course this is a
single one man is fitting on it one man
or a double which honestly I can't be
mean and get him a single because he'll
probably roll off in his sleep and it's
probably gonna uninflated asleep so I'm
gonna get him a double you can't forget
your pump guys when you're buying air
mattresses you can't forget your pump
whoa is that Ryan Ryan what do you I
didn't know you were coming this early
bro what I would have got you the big
bro okay okay I'll get you a small one
I'm very tempted just to get this man a
camping sack just a sack it's a lot
cheaper durable you know lightweight you
can carry it with you everywhere
I would line this right
so cheese effect if you got that for me
eat we wouldn't be friends anymore so
I'm gonna get him the best one no baby
look how happy this girl looks with this
one this one must be good right I mean
this guy doesn't look too happy
it kinda looks cheese kinda looks forced
to be at that position but these guys
this one's a blast one you can tell by
their facial expression you can read
books on this one the executive decision
I just bought the EOS lip balms I did
not I did not get the air mattress
because I called Sylvia last second and
asked I was like yo should we actually
get it
I got we're gonna have too many people
over she was like I'll help you bring
the mattress up from downstairs I was
like hey word so no air mattress I'm
sorry Ryan like I was in there for a
while trying to decide which one was the
best and I was just like we don't need
it but I did meet a pretty cool dad in
there he said his daughter watching me
so shout-out to I didn't even get his
name but shut up to the - head it to the
daughter I appreciate you guys watching
my vids we are done here we are done
here right till it drops on you music
yeah I need my music Louise level with
Dave knock about the park I'm knocking
down your fish
I'm not reusing all my piranha fish guys
I'm jamming all right now in the whip
cause I love music smiles right now go
where you going spots right now go away
rolling I'm with you guys this what I
have to deal with right now
wolfy jr. is tired he's taking a nap on
his dad's chest I'm chillin at home
you're watching some health show until
Sylvia's done filming so that as soon as
I go home she can film my video for me
because I need a camera woman because
you you know my main channel videos I
don't like putting the camera on the
tripod too much these days unless I need
to I like the point and shoot when the
camera is moving around like this so
Sylvia is my camera woman for the day
Whoopi jr. is tired of the hell out look
at him right now
alright guys so Sylvia just texted me
right now saying come back I'm done
so we are on our way back I just tried
making wolfy jr. eat and chill with the
cats and he's getting better he is
getting better he's kind of scared them
now because they keep hissing at him he
wasn't scared of them like to start but
now I guess they have scared him Cleo
doesn't seem to mind him too much for
Lionel's being annoying like literally
he was like rubbing against him and
being super nice and like they weren't
doing anything because the food was in
front of them and then out of nowhere
Lionel just snapped and swung at him
luckily there's no injuries wolfy jr. is
safe and sound he's not hurt so guys
here is the difference in the Bene
bullies sighs this one is 260 grams this
one's only 80 grams this one's almost
done so this one literally triple more
than this one this one's wack anyways
guys Sylvia just finished filming so now
she is gonna help me with my video what
are you trying to take a selfie of a
snake hey wolfy jr. alright filming time
that braider dirt hey you what's fuckin
good
hey guys so I'm partway through my video
and me and Sylvia are watching some
Prison show where like I'm pretty sure
like detectives or something go into the
jail and they see if they can last 60
days they liable what they are in prison
for and a bunch of stuff so basically
all the people that are actually in
prison are like questioning them out the
ass and one of the dudes is like getting
hazed so hard right
like yo are you a are you a reporter or
whatever then he's like a dad oh maybe
and he's just sitting in the corner it
is so bait because he's not saying a
word to anyone not even trying to act
cool they're like what are you in for
he's like 50 it was the way he said it
was so wack
this show is too funny so if you guys
guessed that Ryan was gonna get here at
11:30 p.m. 11:30 at night scouts was
here at 5:00 I knew it was gonna be like
11:00 11:30 12:00 something like that
you guys were rain so give yourself a
pat on the back maybe even hit the leg
for another video
you know same thing it is what it is
yeah Ryan got here Ryan went to the
boy's house right now because I'm still
editing my blog so I got to finish
editing my blog so I can roll there and
kick it with them so I'm on route to go
pick up Ryan right now we might stop and
get food quickly but I am so tired it's
like 1 o'clock in the morning and I um
there you go a cute fucking Shana so I
do you find a way to wake myself up
quickly and there's no better way to
wake yourself up then some loud music oh
pump pump it up he got a good head on
her but I pump it up guys so Ryan's
first time seeing the house and Wolfie
junior Wolfie union's going off already
he's actually smaller but he's a likkle
one super hyper oh well yeah I just gave
Ryan a tour of the house my video is
still not done so it looks like I'm
gonna have to finish my video in the
morning because I checked on the stuff
in the freezer and it's not not quite
there yet yeah you need to learn how to
hold it closer dogs hold them by his bum
this bum my coat I had to hold him like
this
so you're cradling him and holding
against your body so you guys support
alright guys well I think I'm going to
end the vlog off right now because I
have to wake up early to finish my main
Channel video this is probably one of my
first mention of videos that has been
like a multiple day process so it'll be
worth the wait but right now it's 4:20
a.m. 420 blazes me and Ryan are just
kicking it we've been talking on the
couch for a minute but I gotta go to bed
he's got a little bed if we want to
productive day tomorrow like there needs
to be some sleep so right now I set up
Ryan's bed in Sylvia's office
everything's good to go so I'm gonna
call the vlog for today I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did don't forget to smash
that like button let's hit 25 thousand
likes on this vlog and if you guys made
it
end of the vlog I want you guys to
comment down below Ryan sways is a snake
Ryan Swiss snake comment it down below I
will reply to a bunch of you guys that
come with that anyways I will see you
guys soon up or Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more showers in my main
channel and as always stay savage leggo
