I'm gonna wrap it up with like three
sentences next question please
good morning mr. werewolf we welcome
back to more Wolfie we're starting the
day doing some adults even though I'm 17
Ryan is actually 19 one fact we're at
the bank so if you're over let's not
talk about that guys before we begin the
vlog I need your help
smash the like button let's hit thirty
five thousand likes on this vlog because
I'm having a bad day I just went to the
dealership somebody's already acting out
with my car I don't know what it is but
Ryan being the fucking bro come on he is
I actually decided to have charged his
vlog camera battery at the dealership he
forgot it from that now he's a vlog came
with no battery so we got to go back
from the bank there and then we're gonna
go get mcdonalds salads because i
thought take starts today he'll buy it
no no I said I like I got you like I'm
here for you I'm not buying okay guys we
are in a bank called TD it stands for
the Dookie bank go is goes for peg
first stop of the day Ryan's picking up
some stuff I think this guy wants to
become like a 2k streamer assumption
because as I said in my rap me and like
Ryan we kind of roasted on Sean for like
gaming all the time because it's winter
right now and like there's not much to
do outside so this guy is always just
gaming so we're like you got a big toast
all you do his game but literally it's
got to the point where all they do is
game they just watch for at night or
that no they play for at night and if
they're not playing for a night they're
literally watching that stream so this
guy's actually gonna join the club
except not for for tonight he's gonna
pick up the 2k set out this guy's gonna
be pretty boy Fredo in no time so that's
what my day is gonna consist of guys we
gotta get this for Ryan
why not
nothing to see here so we're out here at
the grocery store right now guys
literally we had to stop here we saw a
few more places to go to get Ryan
supplies hard to get Ryan set up but I
am filming the most insane man channel
video ever so I'm picking up some stuff
for that and you guys know my favorite
place to go in the world is the grocery
store I love to eat but I need to cut
down on eating cuz it's my new year's
resolution I already had a salad today
I'm feeling nice noggin even eat junk
food and I'm gonna get a workout in
because we're starting the year off
right guys I hope you are sticking to
your new year's resolutions it's already
early but I know mad people that have
already broken theirs but push through
it get groceries right what what when my
brother and my mom want to be healthy
and drink their fruit smoothies are
their vegetable smoothies but they want
to be bougie at the same time
Zacks aged y'all guys check this out I
was literally buying my stuff look at
this security guard grill today as light
skins can't get away with anything these
days man trying to get a couple bucks or
just trying to buy supplies for my video
this guy who was grilling me the whole
time on this walkie-talkie say bro just
cuz I'm wearing this dusty shirt and
it's not a kajak it doesn't mean I'm
about to rob you from your orange juice
real racial profiling is alive and well
second best buy for the day please sell
the stuff we need all right guys so the
day is getting worse now basically we
found some of Ryan's stuff at this Best
Buy but some of the stuff is at the
other Best Buy which is very far away
it's like we passed it but we didn't
expect to have to go there so literally
we have to go another day to go shopping
for supplies but even worse news I just
got a call from the car dealership and
they're like yeah your wheel was so
busted up that basically because like it
was making weird noises and I was like
it had this car for like three days
what's going on but it might have been
when I got it wrapped I'm not sure like
who took the tires off could have been
the dealership but basically they're
like yeah some bolts were falling off so
I think the wheel could have legit come
off I could have died so thank God I
took it into the car shop but they said
the bolts were falling off and then they
did some damage to the wheel so now I
have to buy a new wheel or rim one of
the two and that's gonna come in
tomorrow so now I have to wait an extra
day and pay $2,000 for this wheel I'm so
fuckin annoyed
literally now if it's another rim that I
have to get I have to get the rim
wrapped again to not have to take the
car back in so now I won't have the car
you and longer and it's just like a
hectic hassle that I didn't wanna have
to deal with but
I don't know guys today is not going my
way but I'm not gonna let the negativity
bring me down we're still gonna have a
bad day on days like this guys you
literally just have to find the small
things to be positive about so
technically Ryan is getting some stuff
so today is not a complete write-off
so I'm trying to keep it as positive as
possible so we're back at the base now
and honestly in complete honesty
I'm not gonna lie to you guys cuz I tell
you guys the truth about everything I
barely vlog anything today mainly
because we were running around half the
day and I got the bad news about my car
and I told you it wasn't gonna bring me
down but it brought me down a bit and
then I've been editing the rest of the
day so I haven't really got to film
anything and then it popped my head yo I
still gotta get a video out for these
guys what can I do
cuz some days like like when you're
vlogging every day you have those
thoughts he like you know what can I do
if I gotta make it entertaining for the
video for the wolf fam every day and I
was like yo I have not made a Q&A in
time so this isn't going to be a joking
Q&A I'm gonna actually try and answer as
many questions as serious as possible
and I just asked you guys on my Twitter
love your apps I mean typical YouTube
Q&A let's jump in to the question holy
hell there's a lot of questions by the
way I'm only answering questions that
I've never answered before so if you
have if I don't answer your questions
it's probably because I've answered them
in a previous Q&A probably no nice guys
shit movie so interview stop cuz you get
to pick the questions okay oh three them
here we go
read questions that are actually
interesting okay won't be rap with 500
likes on this comment okay what is your
favorite color
that's all that's not a question okay
okie though is red it's been red since I
was on the connemara view line black is
a shade red and black on my favorite
color combination color way anything
well if you rap people want to know what
is the best thing about being in the
cloud house actually and worst thing
okay Rosalie's locks on a billion things
that I don't like about the photos but
no it's good
the one good thing about just being in
LA in general is
the weather because of motivates you to
do obviously banks is hilarious
Brice is hilarious summers funny Alyssa
is low-key very funny I like all the
people in the house he walks underrated
as hell game's hilarious love the twins
characters cool guys literally like
everyone in the house I get along with
so well so I just like chilling with
them that's probably like the most basic
answer I'm ever gonna give but it's
actually go sometimes I want to switch
up the scenery sometimes I don't want to
show you the Abra host all the time
sometimes I don't want to chill a - all
the time so it's nice to get an equal
amount of each other so how is it
interview question nozzle in higher me
on the slide but and the least favorite
thing oh yeah least favorite thing
honestly probably race comes body odor
no it's good I smell like oh my god no
race good smells like clothes facts race
good smells like 400,000 like yeah when
is your next this track dropping we are
all waiting well guys if you watched
yesterday's video you would know that I
have recently got dicks yeah I was gonna
say ditched this my big Jack himself got
me a little stressed I'm honestly think
though my next song might not be a
discharged Loki I've been working on one
behind the scenes that's not a diss
track it has nothing to do with anyone
and I have been working on the diss
track a bit but I've been focusing more
on music cuz I cuz if you boy looking is
will seriously it's in the second name
so the diss track might be dropped in
the next month or so next what where do
you see yourself in five years and then
Sylvia getting a ring I hate that
question I need the first question or
the first question where do you see
yourself in five years just like I can't
even tell you about going to war over
breakfast the ring I don't know guys
some I still like button if she should
get her eggs in
Sylvia wants me to spend half my net
worth honoring know
I said that is literally only with me as
a gold-digger
she was with me before I had any clout
and I was absolutely nobody and the ring
you're right right now we were both
absolutely low-key I still used to buy
everything for me she used to give me
like pairs of socks and I was aged
because I was like you would surprise me
with a bunch of you like sunglasses and
stuff the ring might be coming in five
years like I said I could not tell you
what I'm having for dinner tomorrow so
when people say what what do you want to
do in five years I would like to be
hopefully a rapper maybe I post on a TV
show maybe a a list celebrity actor I
don't know I want to have a 19 pack oh
my oh my way because that wolf is in
full effect anime is your wife child
wolfy can you finish this Rubik's Cube
in one minute
I'm not logic I can't whoopee why are
you asking everything Wolfie Wolfie what
is the most expensive thing you own oh
my god this is actually a tough question
probably the house that I'm in right now
my car is decently expensive like it's
nothing crazy it's not no Lambo but
definitely the house that I'm in Oh guys
I'm actually kind of smart with my money
although I might seem like an absolute
idiot in my vlogs this house is is a
very expensive purchase but I actually
just purchased another hoster that I
don't live in and it will be built in 20
like 20 and that is literally the most
expensive thing that I think I'll ever
buy in my life for at least the next 10
years so it's a house it's not pieces
are clothing Sothis camera okay it's not
this camera it's not the jewelry that I
own
not that that's doesn't even come close
to the price of a house unless you're
Chris Brown and then you have Richard
Mille if you ever watched with a million
dollars and I mean it then you can get
watches more than house but for now
Wolfie wraps
what do you think about Logan Paul and
the forest incident oh I wanted to stay
out of this and Loki I'm going to stay
out of the situation because I'm not
trying to get
this personally I'm gonna wrap it up
with like three sentences about the
situation obviously on a serious note
serious will be serious with you guys I
do think what Logan Paul did was wrong
okay we all make mistakes it happens
sometimes you get caught up as a daily
vlogger I can relate to that kind of
shit I'm the clickbait God but like I
mean there's next levels of clickbait
that I would never do so I do think he
was wrong in that sense but I also think
with how much feedback that he's gone
from the public and everyone on Twitter
and everyone on YouTube I think he's
learned his lesson well I'd like to
think he's learned his lesson because I
like to think positively and I don't
like to kick a man while he's down this
guy's definitely down right now so I'm
just gonna leave it at that
he apologized all that we can do is hope
for the best in the future from Logan it
is what it is guys it sucks but we gotta
move on we can't stress about that so
I'm not gonna stress about that any
further next question please I don't
want to talk about the subject Wolfie
when will you be moving back to LA
moving back to LA okay this is a complex
situation so a lot of you guys if for
some reason you don't know I am from
Canada meaning I cannot just move to LA
like if I were so we got our easier
proof music I think I might approve yet
cuz I submitted my not fair but
basically the process is if you're not
coming students if you want to live in
the States you have to get your visa or
your green card or something so
basically me and Silvia have been like
looking to move to LA for like ever
right now I got a spot in the clown
house but I also want to have a house
with Silvia on the side because we need
a house for our dogs and I want to keep
like my work and like my girl
separate so Silvia just got our visa
we've been working on getting up for
like six months now it takes a long time
you need to have a lot of evidence
proving that you should be moving into
the states but even though the plan is
to go to the states and go to LA and
live there I also in keeping this house
here and I'm keeping my other house
which is also in Ottawa because my
family lives here my friends still live
here so I'm never permanently leaving
Ottawa because everyone thinks you know
you're cutting forever you betrayed us
blah blah know if you understand what
someone needs to do for their career you
would understand that sometimes you got
to do things to go to the next level and
sometimes certain places don't have all
the opportunities that you need so think
has all those opportunities for Lulu fee
who is some person you're most proud
that follows you on twitter and why he
literally this the most cliche answer in
the world I would just say Justin Bieber
even though he probably doesn't even
realize it follows me cuz his PR team
did it but that was just like an
accomplishment for me one Justin Taulbee
like way back in the day because that
was like my initial pop when she started
hitting a snowball effect and all my
videos started getting like a lot of
views that is right when Justin Bieber
acknowledged my video so definitely
Justin Bieber even though he follows
like a hundred billion thousand other
people remembering work back back handle
though Wolfie would you rather have a
pic on Instagram hit 30 million likes
that's ridiculous
or get a hundred can you Benton come
under key my bank account that's such an
easy question cuz like yeah go get one
pic of 30 mil but then every other pic
the fit will come post the 30 milder
like an embarrassment to your page so I
mean I would rather have like consistent
likes and then just give me give me a
900 K cuz I'll just buy three Cuban link
chains on my fucking head Tom shit he'll
marry won't you Paul Jake Paul I those
wait ship kill married have a
relationship with one of them oh shit
like I ship them with myself like these
bill marry marry or kill told me this
was gonna be touching now ah
kill Mary I would Loki I would marry
idubbbz
which is a twist just because if I were
to kill him you hung me from the dead
and I don't think I'd want that I think
he was like Megatron tank army from the
dead and that's not something I've tried
a house so I'd marry him just be like
you know keep on my good side
and then I would kill Logan and Jake no
no I came and answer this question now
whoa you may kill me
okay so I'll date I'll date Logan and
kill
guys okay I'm going to answer a few more
questions on speed round just because I
want to give all the wolf damn some love
we never make a regular song not a diss
track Lizzie yes I said that earlier we
he didn't know I said I have one more
question what's the question why did you
come you know I love Brian please no I
just deleted that tweet
I hate Ryan holy hell
okay next question
have you ever passed out before I got
knocked out once and I was to having
like a monkey bar work Chiappa Ryan that
is the easiest question I've ever seen P
whoa guys low key I can't choose I've
known Ryan longer so I have to pick Ryan
sorry this I just did choose but too
often
Ryan are the most underrated second
people to have in your vlog there
they're like what's it called
no you make your cameo role they're nice
extras I'm better than Jason ashpod
dirty little oaky like you're on that
level this guy is like Jason - to my
vlogs he's the LASIK and Jason that's
just like he said david dobrik needs
Jason - just like I need pew up and
right
I need maestro game I need my first
drops it is one these guys next question
this Ryan get paid from sponsoring stuff
or does he pay instead why do you like
to be called Wolfie alright like you
guys can call me Charlie or Charles
that's my name I honestly prefer not
being called Wolfie
but in LA that's right named wolf
because everyone just goes by their
social media name so call me what you
want but you can't call me bro money two
more questions how do you become a
savage you watch my videos and turn on
post notifications and comment on them
in the first two seconds that's the only
way to become savage if not your own and
the last question expose the person
sitting to your left
Sylvia is sitting right to my left and
that is Sylvia has
you go now it Brian loves I hope I
answered all the questions you had I
know a lot of you guys have been
wondering what the fuck you doing keep
going back to LA and keep going back to
Ottawa what are you doing with the dogs
what are you doing with your family what
do you think about this that so I tried
to answering as many questions as
possible yeah I did if you want to know
more you'll hit the like button what do
you want hit the like button and I will
do more 30,000 likes I'll do I'll do a
few full Q&A 20 minutes uncut Wragge
what why did you put your fries over
there we Donald fries those things over
there that are in Sylvia's throat i if
you know me you know I never I get fries
and never eat them I never eat them no
cuz I'm too busy eating the three junior
chains before the fries and I can't
touch surprise anyways guys comment down
below other questions you have I will
get them done like I said hit that like
button if you want more q and A's and I
will get them done I need to have more
second sit and heart-to-heart talk
videos with you guys cuz I can talk
forever also Wolfie raps calm plug we're
having a sale on the magical carpet
right nigga T now like this one
calming the fire mo G's on it and I will
be commenting back to you and following
you let's get it well fam bow and I will
see you guys soon are more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage my main
channel anyways not honest a you please
not be savage get this - 12 minutes
let go please
