good morning a you're skittish your boy
will be welcome back tomorrow
whoa we are starting the day off by
watching some narcos I told you guys and
this is not narcos this is Quantico fuck
that show so they put the show on but
we're about to watch the narcos I'm
cooking up breakfast I just killed my
first insect of the house there was an
insect in the bathroom and it wanted to
beef but we cannot have the same spider
infection in this house that we had in
my last house but here the toilet paper
treatment I fucked it up what we Junior
is chilling in between the crack on the
couch where I put him there like 20
minutes ago
scat hasn't moved he needs to get his
belly rubbed but yeah posting another
Bangor Maine channel video today today
is another double upload day book
because I edited so hard yesterday I'm
not editing anything today I'm probably
just gonna film a video my mom might
come over in a bit because she has to
help me out with some adult things even
though I'm two and a half years old like
sometimes the two and a half year old
has to do some adult things but yeah I'm
looking forward to the day ahead of me I
don't have to edit all day so I'm pumped
so guys I'm at the boy's house now we're
about to go check the PIO box
I just want to show you something really
quick this is me spanking David in FIFA
17 I beat him to one should have been
3-1 but he didn't tell me how to take
the penalty shot so my guy kicked into
space so if you guys see a ball in space
any time soon first from your boy wolfy
these guys have been shooting nerf guns
all day but yeah we're going to peel box
to see we got oh my god I heard that in
my ear and I want to go get a burrito
cuz I'm starving and I haven't really
eaten too much today so I'm gonna do
that and then watch more narcos later
because I'm addicted so guys I just
figured out that Jacob has a flip phone
this guy has a flip phone it's 2016 show
me your phone it's an HTC flip phone hey
you done let me see this break well
she's not that bad hahaha this gets
interweb you use this to like build
build houses right nice time today yeah
are they oh lucky must've sneaked a
snake in here Oh tip of my dick oh yeah
yes me poor we leave we're going
downstairs to watch bongos video you're
very wrong go
made a YouTube channel so walk
downstairs oh here we go
I like that is this your first vid yeah
oh you got smoked in the head okay all
right all those first vid I'm gonna let
you guys know Hardys what's your channel
bond gazelles mangas OHS okay guys I'll
leave a link right here
oh shoot fans vote to go go read this
band's channel subscribe highs oh what
and easy
it has officially moved as of tonight
goose egg videos visit no it's gonna
have one by the time you guys go so go
there say what app your boy wolfy sent
you and subscribe to the man who's in it
I love that
Chad Shawn Frank does it could be
pranked you friend Ally I guess no I
fuck with pranks you're gonna like the
vid guys so I'm picking up mail right
here and I found this massive ball of
elastic bands I don't know whose it is
I'm not gonna steal it but check this
out
hey yeah this is these I really want to
cut this open so as you send all of this
there's a few letters over there David
stuff's there but this is ridiculous
this is the Blessed peal box opening I'm
gonna make a dope video about this for
sure and there's more stuff by the way
full Femmes crazy so guys we're going to
Petsmart and they have a pet cleanup
station so I'll grab a few of these for
for my dog why is this one like absolute
shit ok so what's on your face
so what shit is holy shit oh god we got
shit on his face
so yeah I'm finding some good treats cuz
they're almost out of pet treats for
wolfy jr. so I need to restock this
where you bought the cage so guys right
over here and there they're teaching
dogs there there's a happy school going
on right now
wolfy jr. can't go there yet because he
doesn't have a shot yet so rabies shots
still gotta get him those I still can't
find the treats that I want I think I'm
gonna have to go back to the vet and get
the exact reason I know he likes those
and he's a really picky eaters from what
I found out so far so
I don't want to just get them something
and then have him not eat it at all so I
might have to get them burnt sweet
potato for Jacob Sartorius Yola slaves
coming Thursday her do you really like
this thing oh yeah sweeties
wait no seven days that's too expensive
excuse a dollar a mile we go $2.00 Emma
Swayze gosh you grow you know you're too
rich when you feed your dog a $30.00 elk
antler Thanks oh why is that more
expensive than any human food I've ever
seen
dude how small it's like that thing
better last nine years fam living Whaley
Oh brothers more antlers oh my god
saying dogs are savages that just right
off antlers alright guys so I got a
bunch of the fan mail I'm gonna be
unboxing the first one I'm going with is
this hold on this white box because
Jacob really wants gonna unbox this it's
heavy this one has some weight to it so
hopefully I didn't break it alright guys
see what we got okay we should this go
tonight definitely this Cup you know
what take your keys do not give Wolfie a
night someone toss me a knife please in
the night five hours later I hope you
got anywhere you and me oh I knew Jacob
the table guy at Kaazing exactly knife
on him everywhere why did I know this a
tactical freezer mmm hi my name is avery
and I am from Sheridan Wyoming in
America I love your vids you are my
favorite youtuber I got a picture of me
well I like that I love that so we got
yo I got a bless mug for my coffee in
the morning twigs bark
Oh friggin Hershey kisses hey
Butterfinger that's got murked in the
mail my costume breakfast
Thank You Avery yo shut up to the other
person I don't know where your letter is
but you got me candy some horrible
Golden Bears and an iPhone charger you
can never have too many iPhone chargers
so thank you all right guys the next
thing we have is from Jacqueline from
what's MI Missouri mi Michigan Michigan
Michigan blessed so here we go
a Nike box I like that one you played
yourself whose fucking girl is this rope
who this it says turn over something on
the bottom okay so we gotta you played
yourself sign no it says something I
think like turn over Oh turn over gotcha
hashtag wolf oh thank you thank you okay
hey wolfy
did you like my you played yourself sign
I hate you actually I love you thank you
yeah no anyways I love your videos they
make me laugh every single time let me
tell you never stop doing what you're
doing because you are great at doing it
hashtag wolf family
oh yes my handwriting looks like a
five-year-old it's all good you upload
it down though yeah emojis less only I
won't be junior officially oh that's
actually really no I will keep this
he will fuck with this he might bite his
head off but it's all good and then one
more thing open cuz you've talked about
it in every video I got you in Sylvia
Gallo Oh much while you were fucking
King Savage is more sours in your main
channel let's see some suicide yeah
whatever's in it oh you care for the
house that's a nice life funny so it's
all good oh why does it smell like heat
already wow this might be for all about
them what is this uh is this like a
candy or heart candy or is this a jelly
I'd be like did she like deal I do
nothing let me see this what it like ha
ha okay hold on the toe of Satan that's
what it's part of the tozi see man what
is that bear it's just really hot this
is Molly coffee
Oh Molly ball is extremely hot Oh
okey send me like six of them all so we
can film a video but I'm sure that thank
you bus it doesn't even say a name on it
and I think there's a name whoever sent
this to me thank you I don't have a name
I would I appreciate you
well this is heavy there's probably some
do i bill I in here hit red boy nothing
to see a nice okay what is this please
open okay ah in a video is this video or
bog this one is from Rachel from Ireland
thank you space average by the time you
get this no doubt that our big pack of
wolves will have got to three billion
blue 2.8 something but we're closed so
you got it you got it close I've watched
all your videos and your fucking Savage
by the way what chewing gum do you use 5
them I'm not sponsored by them no did
she write fucking Savage yeah
you're fucking said what up in cast
girls of look at Savage unfortunately I
don't live in Canada but I do live in
Ireland and there is a wolf a member
there enjoy all the sweets hashtagged I
will P say hi to sylveon your mom for me
starburst okay I'm down for the
starburst space Raiders which are
pickled onion I don't know what I feel
about those but I definitely will try
those and then more huge chunks of
pickled onion little he says his jugs a
pickled onion saying Irish people love
onion mix ok I did I don't know the next
one we got is from Daniel from t√∏nsberg
I don't really know how to say it tones
burg something you're from Norway so my
boy is from Norway so I trust that you
send me something bless go check out
skateboarding Norway on Instagram guys
that's what they gave me this is from
Daniel Mel give you new characters who
love you hi scare some chocolate
chocolate hearts it looks like ooh taste
test some more Mel's gives your Oreo Mel
Kazon Khiladi
this is Oreo so I rain it I will
definitely then this is this has got
some weight to it bro this isn't to
summer pool heavy song urge ha I'm
guessing this is soda or pop we got
another one where is this one for this
one is from Alexia from Texas Oh some
art Jody I got you something
sir accidie hey this is your guys King
Wolfie yeah do you know what it is I'm
putting this in my wolf bow right here
that's how I was fucking Wes who we got
more oh you're a snake Savage okay okey
I got this one
and I'll give Dave this one cuz he is a
snake and more King malulu this is dope
thank you that's yeah thank you so much
I fuckin appreciate it you guys are the
best sending me too much stuff these
days I'm spoiled guys the next thing we
got in this these box from I think it's
from Caden from North Carolina I think
that's how you say if that's how you say
it I'm sorry
Dave's a group but we got something from
Bioshock
this is Booker do it or do it this is
wavy and we also got a world of warcraft
I used to play a game back in the day
Sylvanas a Sylvana this is wavy as fuck
we also got white cheddar cheese of
cheeses
is it having Dave loves this wall yeah
for sure
and one more thing from Batman oh you
already ate it huh yeah I don't I don't
know but is there cheese right oh I
don't even know if it's you this in
there maybe okay yo don't kill me I was
like literally this is cheesy I'm a
bunch of cheeses fall out what is that
where's the letter I need a letter I
want to show you ever sent me a private
Aidan but you send me a letter bucket
here we go
okay Oh box inside a box box ception
imagine if there's a spider box is a box
inside the box inside a box no I hate
you right now
here we go let me guess what's in the
next one brush a fucking spider is gonna
be proposing to me you played yourself
you played yourself with sticky notes
I'm telling myself I'm cheese shout-out
to Cameron for sending me a dog toy and
a dog Halloween costume I need to see
this badly hold on stop this is a banana
oh god I don't even think will feed you
to outfit in this but I'll put it on in
many ways thanks bro so guys I got home
I got my shocking lie detector I just
opened it and turns out I need three
Triple A batteries in order for it to
work
luckily I have a bunch of random shit
down here including one okay one battery
hold up hold up
okay 2:03 so three in total three Triple
A batteries I got them I also got a
screwdriver to unscrew it so I'm gonna
put them in I'm not gonna test it today
I'm just gonna have it ready for the
video I'm probably gonna film tomorrow I
don't want to shock myself and scare
myself this shit to do it a videos
everything I need here BAM David just
dropped a video Shaun just dropped a
video I'm dropping a video in one hour
guys David left me a pleasant surprise
I love this guy always a good always a
good guy just asshole just shut them up
just love the penis man poom-poom great
just best bless her heads I love it so
guys I'm at the gas station I'm hunting
for things Sylvia has special orders
because she's helping me edit my vlog
today so I'm supposed to go get her a
few things because I don't have too much
time gotta get her coke a chocolate bar
so she wanted a cocoa chocolate bar and
an Ice Cream Sandwich so she wants a can
but you know what I'll get her a bottle
of some vanilla coke
vanilla coke got her one coke next is a
chocolate bar which is the last thing
actually I don't know what shopper but
she wants but I know she likes the Dairy
Milk ones and now an Ice Cream Sandwich
the last thing which should be Wow
everything is wiped out
Sofia you played yourself that's how
there's a drumstick well how can someone
get mad at a Kit Kat Kit Kat drumstick
or there isn't one more oh now now there
any down there something's in a box
water he does which is amazing ah
i'ma play it safe with the kick-out
drumstick guys okay so we're back Sylvia
has this stuff everybody is happy but I
wanted to talk to you guys about
something I don't know if you guys have
seen but I have a new handle on
Instagram Wolfie not Wolfie around just
Wolfie so I'm gonna have to change the
links in all of my vlog descriptions all
of my main channel descriptions from
Wolfie raps - Wolfie but follow me on
instagram if you haven't already the
next few days I'm gonna be spamming
people with likes and DMS following some
people so follow your boy Wolfie
follow your boy we'll features at Wolfie
on Instagram but I also still do have
Wolfie raps as my backup account on
Instagram so hallo Wolfie raps - I'm
sure a lot of you guys already are but
if you haven't follow Wolfie raps - that
is my second account it's not a fan
account it's not a it's not a hacker
account or anything like that that is my
account - but Wolfie is my main
Instagram account now so follow that one
like some pics DM me so item ID I was do
all that shit and I got you guys on
likes everything but I'm excited to have
just Wolfie it's fucking amazing now so
I just spent David so bad in NHL we
played the game of NHL just because I
don't have people he thought I had
people so he had to play NHL and said
anyways I spanked this got like 5 to 2
so bad that he just left and it's pretty
late so he had to go home I'll give him
that but I think it's because I spanked
him so badly he's just embarrassed but
yeah you guys already know what time it
is we are watching
narcos we just finished season 1 I'm
pretty sure there's only two seasons so
we're on the first episode of season 2
the end of season 1 end with a bang but
it just made me want to watch the show
even more so we're gonna bang out - you
two as quick as possible also Ryan sways
is coming into town tomorrow so he will
be in town tomorrow night Omar's driving
so it's probably even though Ryan says
he'll be here like 5 o'clock 6 o'clock
p.m. he'll probably get here by like
around 11:00 to 12:00 at night with Omar
driving because Omar's probably gonna
sleep in take his time so I can expect
Ryan here we don't have a bed for him to
sleep but there is a couch here so he
can probably just sleep on the couch I
mean I was considering buying an air
mattress yesterday at Walmart then I was
just like yeah we do have a mattress we
just put it away and I don't feel like
taking it out cuz it's really heavy so
Ryan bro I'm sorry you're gonna have to
figure out something to sleep on you
might have to sleep on the floor here
you might have to sleep in cilia's
office you might have to sleep in my
office on the friggin on the hardwood
floor you might have to sleep in wolfy
juniors bed all right guys so we just
watched two episodes of narcos Sylvia's
getting ready for bed
I'm going to go brush my teeth and wash
my face so I can pass out I'm gonna end
the vlog off there I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did make sure to go down
right now and smash that like button
let's hit 25,000 likes
all right well fam if you haven't it the
like button go please hit the like
button right now otherwise we'll see
junior this this is gonna be pissed so
go hit the like button and if you guys
made it to the very end of the vlog I
want you guys to comment down below
go to bed wolfy jr. this guy is too
young to be staying up as late as he
does hey nice running away from me he
thinks he's cool so comment down below
go to bed wolfy jr. and I will see you
guys soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage back
out
