good morning a Yeosu boy wolfy welcome
back to more wolfy I have been editing
all morning got wolfy jr. up in his
bitch but today me and Silvia are gonna
go get an air purifier because the past
couple days ever since we moved into our
house
I guess the air conditioning or whatever
is blowing out really weird hair we've
been waking up with bloody noses like
today I woke up with a bloody nose like
but it's dry blood like I don't know
what's going on so we got to keep the
room nice and moist so we're gonna go to
Bed Bath & Beyond grab an air
dehumidifier or a humidifier one of the
two I don't know the difference we're
gonna go grab that but to do that we got
to drop wolfy jr. off at my crib right
buddy or we might take you in the car
who knows other than that I don't know
100% what we're doing today I guess the
day will just take me by storm
this dog stalks me 24/7 let's go first
stop of the day gotta go fill up gas and
get my car wash cuz I still haven't done
that but I've been procrastinating so
let's do that first when dealing with
gas you want to make sure to get the
cheapest gas so we're gonna pump this
one in cuz you know I'm not trying to
spend a billion dollars on my gas I'm
just trying to fill it so that my car
runs I got the gas deal that I got my
car wash and my gas so I don't know if
it makes it cheaper but that's what your
boys doing so car washes in the back
that's the next stop guys tell me this
isn't the longest receipt you've ever
seen in your life like it's so long it's
coiling up like a snake and I think the
printer might be broken because it's
some weird ass color like it's like
white and blue but this will have to do
you better work on me cuz I have to put
you in a car wash and if you don't work
and I'm just gonna run straight to the
car wash with my car oh is a truck
waiting I'm not even first in line guys
I'm kind of King there's an entrance and
exit we're going in the entrance follow
this little trail do not hit your wheel
on the curb keep following it loop
around and now we gotta wait for this
truck because this truck is a snake and
pulled up ahead of us so we can't even
go in please wait what the hell man I
saw my 84 inches thing I couldn't even
walk in this carwash okay guys I think
he's finally pulling up I think we can
put our thing in Tom and put it in right
now as soon as it opens for me we are
entering the building Oh
 here we go watch the bottom of my
card slowly
slowlyslowly tell me when to stop buddy
put it in park in three two one perk now
we wait Oh girls this snapping me now I
don't have to do anything I just let
everything do its magic start with this
then we got the fluffy stuff then the
blurry stuff and then the clarity stuff
and then hurry stuff and then got here
the snapchats yay look at that angle
dawg here we go the sparkles are coming
Oh why's my waiver on turn the off
we are covered in top to bottom in this
stuff I'm gonna roll the window down
don't stoop wait don't go so close to me
yeah this is the angle that I need hey
everybody
you can't be a bargain do that you're
going to be one of those bloggers that
is only comfortable putting the camera
from one angle yeah just like hey guys
we're doing this and everything that's
from this one a go but I show my angle
and every time you show it to me you're
like and I don't really like this in all
the world aren't you casually he just
happened to be in this position you know
what maybe if this camera had filters
like snapchat I could probably be a
blunder
Hey alright guys my favorite part drive
ahead slowly we're going into the dryer
look we even got a timer on the right
hand side we have approximately I can't
even read it
86 seconds to get dry so I'm going to
take my sweet time let these water
molecules that are oddly satisfying to
watch go as they do 86 seconds let's get
dry
next stop Bed Bath & Beyond to go get a
bed a bath and anything beyond that that
we may need so Sylvia's returning
something over there but I want to show
you guys these mirrors that she returned
because this is what I thought she
wanted not these ones these are the
cheaper ones these are the ones I showed
her in the vlog all of these ones but
apparently the one that she wanted is
just not here or it's in a different
section none of these none of these none
of these none of these I guess it must
have been in a completely different
section because I checked online and it
was here I guess I can find it so now
we're back at Bed Bath & Beyond
they actually got some pretty wavy
razors but I got mine from Costco and
it's lit paws this is the mirror oh this
one's nice oh you tap it and then this
is your set it comes off myself I
already talked
oh oh that's cool
tap all this mirror is very nice and
it's very close up guys look at this
look how cool that looks I wish it hey
that's trippy they also have dog toys
here so this is Wolfie human's favorite
thing they have dog bowls oh they have a
crate I know what gate they I swear the
dog place had that training pads
everything big memory foam beds goddamn
Wolfie jr. honestly maybe able to fit
through that I think we should just go
to the pet store for that we just need a
humidifier here so that's what we're
looking for right now why does this
wireless lava-lamp speaker want to be my
DIY lava lamp so bad will never be mine
all right mine's better yeah why Wolfie
made it himself guys check this chair oh
this is the way vyas chair ever I think
for the balcony okay it doesn't come out
oh it's locked right there it doesn't
they
things on it causes the clamps this is
not custard
never mind so bad news guys they didn't
sell air purifiers or humidifiers or
dehumidifiers whatever yet they don't
sell them into the fall they don't sell
them until the fall and right now it's
still considered the summer so the girl
said to come back in two or three weeks
once they have them but we need it now
because legit I'm not trying to wake up
with a bloody nose anymore and on the
plus side Bed Bath & Beyond is right
there but Walmart is right there and
Walmart might not sell the best air
purifier but it will have to do for now
we're gonna run into Walmart and get one
of those right now so that we can both
sleep at night so we're searching for
this stuff I'm gonna guess because this
Walmart isn't a different setup than the
one at my house I'm just gonna guess
it's in the back corner over there by
the automotive stuff in the fans so if
I'm right then I'm a G let's see let's
see if I'm right okay we got air
conditioners ooh get at me first try
first try that's all I gotta say you
already know I know my Walmart's so we
got one Sunbeam a heater a mist mate
cool mist humidifier yeah so we got
options we need the best one we can't
have these bloody noses this is a
visible cool mist humidifier for pure
indoor living it's exactly my motto in
life so this one runs up to 24 hours
this one is 20 hours so this one's a
little one screw that one but this one
runs up to 36 hours which is beast so
that can like last for multiple days
medium rooms our room is a comedian room
alright grab the Sunbeam looks like
we're getting the ds1 doesn't even say
the price though oh there's no price
we're just gonna have to see are we
supposed to get this don't we need a
boat cover for our boat my yacht
no we have the boat we just need to
cover remember
yeah let me just grab one of these for
I'll grab five for my yachts alright
let's go
only a hundred nine bucks so now I got
tired Wolfie junior on my lap I gotta
edit the rest of my video I'm like
probably I'd say I just did a rough
draft song a little more than halfway
done cut up all the raw footage I just
got to add the edits the music which
surprisingly takes a long time so
hopefully I can get all of that done and
still have this guy sleeping on my laps
I'm gonna race against the clock and
however long Wolfie jr. is asleep for is
how long I have to get my video then so
in the vlog I'm going to come back to
you guys in a second when in reality
it's probably gonna be like an hour or
two so damn I got a big chunk of my
video done I'm not completely done my
video I had to take my shirt off it's
 boiling in this room again I'd
say I'm about like 85% done the video
it's just really hard slimming it down
deciding more parts I really need the
video what parts I don't absolutely to
make the video the best possible video
that I can make let's go check on what's
going on in the house Sylvia's editing
wolfy Junior's over there
will come up the humidifier should be
set in my room right now so here it is
this is what it looks like in action and
you can feel I think some moist coming
out there's two settings on it one to
zero I don't know how it works so via
set it up I was gonna set it up I was
too busy editing I came over here for
something Oh check this out this one I
got as die olfi is in this bitch what's
in this bag hmm I don't know let's see
BAM spicy chicken Caesar salad you
already know dressing my fork but to
have this snack in about 10 minutes I'll
reward myself with this salad after I
finished my video gotta finish it some
reason Silvia likes to edit in the dark
bam bam oh how do you know my lights
which is yet what am i turning on Oh
guys look how bright my room is my
room's bright as hell and then this is
what Sylvia was editing in that's what
she was editing in weird people I know
so guys we are on route to make these to
get that vanilla cone I'm letting Sylvia
job today I
I'm vlogging with the dog he's tired
every time we leave the house now this
guy gets nervous as hell but in
yesterday's vlog I asked you guys to
comment like different ways in order to
get Wolfie to stop barking as much stop
nibbling as much I know he's teething
right now but there is a way for him to
stop biting us as much we've we've kind
of taught him that when we say no he
knows that he's not supposed to do it
anymore the biggest thing is leaving him
alone for like maybe 30 minutes to an
hour when we run to the store we both
have to go cuz right now legit can't
leave him at home because if we leave
the room and put him in there
this guy barks and barks and barks so
yeah you guys are giving me a shitload
of different suggestions in the comments
one person said fill up like a can with
coins and then shake it every time I
gets loud and he'll get scared so he
stops barking there's just a lot of
different suggestions that I'm probably
gonna test out a bunch of them and see
which one works best for our dogs every
dog is probably different but yeah we're
pulling up to make these right now my
wisdom teeth are still on fire today but
you know what I'm gonna grind it out for
at least two weeks before I actually go
into the dentist and see them because uh
I'm scarred from them still from my
bracelet experience so I still want to
go yesterday I was craving an ice cap
and I didn't get one so now we're at
Timmy's before we go to McDonald's I'm
gonna get an ice cap so that I can wake
up and have an ice cap in the morning
instead of my coffee I want something
cold so I'm gonna get it tonight put it
in the fridge and have it tomorrow
yeah so this is gross but I think it's
smart no one likes doing that I always
do that
you gotta get a shot of espresso in it
so it's as strong as a coffee do you
want to order it for me
wolfies ordering it good job Wolfie
junior order my food this guy's such a
pro hey could we get some dog treats too
no all right you tried bro each other
thanks for trying bro I appreciate it we
tried getting some dog treats they said
they didn't have any for Wolfie Junior
you're out past your bedtime buddy we
got two ice cream sundaes instead of
Vanilla's we were craving the ice cream
sundaes and then they up I guess
so they're like yo we actually made four
instead of two do you want two for free
I was like hell yeah so now we got four
ice cream sundaes we don't need them
Wolfie Junior gets one Silvia gets one I
get one this guy is really he really
went to him he's been begging for food
morally good yeah he's been begging he's
begging for human food mom wasn't you
did you feed him bacon or something
because this guy knows that he can eat
human food down but yeah we got four ice
cream sundaes honestly the first person
on the street that I see I might just
ask them if they want one even though
that's really creepy and they're
probably about to take it you
wanna fly not even Sylvia can you finish
one ice cream sundae let alone a vanilla
cone
she has like a pie cheese I got can done
sometimes she just smells it she's like
loaded all right I'm bloated time for
some damn narcos guys I've been freaking
working all day and now I just get to
sit down and watch some good old TV I've
been creating another episode of narcos
so this is blessed but we can't figure
out the TV right now for some reason the
chromecast isn't working so we just got
to watch it on Sylvia's little MacBook
Air but it's still fine it's better than
nothing guys I cannot handle this show
this show is just too much boiler alert
just as the episode we were watching was
about to end one of the main characters
died I'm not gonna say the name just
because some of you guys could watch
anarcho soon some of you guys are
probably watching it and aren't on the
same episode I am so I don't want to
spoil it for you guys but one of the
main characters dies there's a lot of
main characters so that's not saying too
much yeah holy that episode was
 lit if it wasn't 3:30 a.m.
I would probably watch another episode
the only reason I'm going to bed now is
because I had such a long day today and
honestly tomorrow is gonna be a rare
occasion it might not be one of my most
productive days I'm probably gonna film
tomorrow I really don't want to edit
because I edited all day yesterday all
day the day before I need to reward
myself hanging with my damn friends and
maybe just like watch watch two or three
episodes of narcos so that might be my
plan tomorrow don't quote me on it
because I'm not sure that I'm gonna do
that 100% but I want to sit down and
watch a bunch of TV tomorrow for sure or
just watch a bunch of YouTube videos
like one of the above anyways I'm gonna
end the vlog off there I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did make sure to smash
that like button let's smash not 26k
25k thumbs up this vlog I know you guys
can do that so if you haven't already go
down to the like button and hit it or
smash it or just tap it also if you guys
made it to the very end of the vlog I
want you guys to comment something down
below this so I know you've actually
made it to the end of my vlog and that
you're a true loyal ass wolf em so
comment down below cheetah I'm pretty
sure this is a cheetah on the pillow it
might be a
you can comment leopard to leopard or
cheetah it doesn't matter and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolvie where we
stay a little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage back
out
