good morning a let's give a welcome back
to more wolfy I am currently editing my
video right there in my office
this office is blessed because there's a
lot more air allowed to be flowed into
the room which makes the room less
boiling when I'm editing so it's really
comfortable but I wanted to show you
guys something really important look at
this
this is puppy goals as fuck where's the
puppy there's the puppy literally wolfy
jr. is in my hoodie right now just
chillin with me because he's so damn
cute like every 20 minutes I have to
come out and pet him a bit and I just
grabbed then I was like I wonder if I
could fit over my sweater and he
actually fits perfectly so now wolfy jr.
is just chillin in the sweater he's warm
as hell cuz this guy likes digging his
head into things so the more cocoon he
is the better he likes it so now he's
literally just like
as you can see passed out passed out in
the sweater but yeah I've been editing
all morning it's like 2 o'clock I'm
gonna try and bang out this video in
like the next two hours because I want
to drop it tonight obviously but I also
want to enjoy my day so there's a bunch
of stuff that I want to do but I gotta
get my editing done first cuz work work
comes first and then play that however
that saying goes just work and work hard
and play hard work hard play hard guys
so I have been in my room all day it is
8 p.m. I have not blogged all day don't
worry I'm gonna still make it up to you
guys either by doing like a shitload of
fan mail unboxing or something something
I'll figure it out basically my mom just
came over to help me with some stuff
because I've been stressing out all day
but she brought over this I got
something in the mail so I'm gonna unbox
it my friend John is from China
oh he's freaking out but guys I'm gonna
unbox it for you because I'm gonna do
something on today's vlog I mean can't
do a vlog with nothing hold on as you
can see spaghetti is in the microwave
beeping for me I gotta open it good boom
my spaghetti is done we've been eating a
lot of spaghetti because we don't want
the stuff to go bad so it's just been
yeah that's the last of it when you go
grocery shopping once a week or not even
once a week so far we probably went once
you gotta just eat your food so it
doesn't go bad because we put so much
meat and ground beef like that why still
lightening like this we've been eating
spaghetti and just taco meat for like
the past while because that's all we had
alright guys a so I didn't expect this
coming for a while but we got the
shocking lie detector test I'm sure you
guys have seen a shitload
youtubers use this mad people have
commented on my videos telling me to get
this so I found it I tried finding it
unlike the United States Amazon site but
like I couldn't get it for some reason
and it costs a lot more on the Canadian
site but the thing is I took the L and
bought it anyways because a lot of you
guys wanted your boy to buy this so
expect a main channel video and probably
a few vlogs with this shocking lie
detector why is it from China what why
is it from China who knows excuse me hey
hey hey hey whoopee the way it works
guys is you put your hand on the lie
detector and then basically someone asks
you a question if you're lying it shocks
you hopefully this thing comes with
batteries just like this you seeing on
the front of the box so I'm gonna play
that with you and I'm with Sylvia yeah I
don't ever lies so because if you cheat
on me I'm gonna ask you Choksey than you
cheat on me so yikes we'll see if she
cheated on Kui guys so the video that I
dropped today is doing fucking extremely
well it has like four hundred and sixty
one thousand views in two and a half
hours I think at to a half hour so god
damn holy shit look at that thumbnail
though that thumbnail is lit toss
basically the vlog is doing all the main
channel video is doing well it is 12:30
at night I have barely vlog shit so I'm
about to shower quickly or maybe I might
go out of the house first to go vlog
himself I completely forgot to wash my
car yesterday so if the car wash is open
24/7 I'm going to hit that up and I
might fill up gas too so kill two birds
with one stone also I might go get a
late night snack at the store this could
be a very productive like midnight like
we go get Sylvia's vanilla cone we could
go get our groceries which I would be
down for because as you guys can see in
our pantry not too many things are there
like there is a few snacks catch up in
the back but like basically everything
on this shelf got wiped out there's
nothing except for one lonely bagel and
some Lysol wipes on this shelf nothing
really on that one that's wolfy jr. so
he still has his stuff I had pasta pasta
earlier I'm really careful about how I
said that
people call me out the freeze is looking
not bad okay
we have Bagel Bites cilia's gotta
cookies in a clambake whereas we still
have chicken sausages we haven't touched
fries we haven't touched there is still
chicken fingers got some burgers to ice
I might make myself a quick ice sandwich
because it's how broke people eat but no
I think we're gonna go to the grocery
store this avocado it is definitely
rotting that's that's disgusting okay
this is going to garbage we're gonna
have to go to a Costco run sometime in
the near future I don't know when we're
gonna do that but we have to do that
it's too damn hot in this room I've been
in this room all damn day man like from
when I woke up I ate breakfast and then
I've been editing all day so I want to
get out of the house right now I need to
get out of the house wolfy Gina's gonna
come for the right let's get it guys I'm
such a goof the other day I forgot my
vlog camera battery and the charger at
my new house so when I wanted to film
basically Silvia had to run back and
grab it because if I didn't get it like
the video would have been had to be cut
short because literally like five
minutes into the video the camera would
have died and just now - so this is like
two times in like three days it's 1:30
in the morning and I just realized that
my camera is dying and I forgot my
camera battery and my camera charger at
my mom's house so basically I'm going
home quickly to go get it otherwise I
won't be able to vlog at all tomorrow
Silvia and wolfy jr. over here wolfy jr.
has been acting up guys if you have a
dog or if you don't have a dog I want to
know tips there's a lot of tips online
but like what are the best tips for
getting your dog not to bark and I'm not
gonna use a shot color because that's
just really just mean and I'm not down
for that but how do you get your puppy
to stop barking comment that down below
me and Silvia can't even leave the house
for like ten minutes without this guy
going insane I think we just went out
the front door to test to see if he
would bark and this guy doesn't stop
barking so if you have any magic tricks
any cures or anything like that calling
them down below please because we just
want wolfy jr. to stop barking because
we don't want everyone getting annoyed
at our barking dogs and we want him to
stop biting I mean he's been getting
better because we've been training him
slowly but he still does bite the
occasional time even though most of the
time he kisses because he knows he has
to kiss me and Silvia now instead of
biting but how do you get your dog to
stop barking completely a how do you get
your dog to stop barking when you leave
the house for a little bit be and then
how do you get
- stop nibbling on you and just nibble
on it's toys we always give him his toy
and he knows he's supposed to be chewing
on it but then there's the occasional
time where he will actually chew on us
so how do you do it just let me know if
you know anything about dogs comment it
down below I'm gonna be reading all the
comments because we are looking for
something so let me know where is it
where is it it should be right here
no did someone move it I'm cheese oh
it's right on the table so I moved on
the table for me we are good guys this
is my baby I need this I need this but
say how did the cat's quickly I love you
guys they're like you fucker you left us
you got a puppy you don't even talk to
us anymore we hate you but I gotta be
quiet cuz everyone's asleep so we're
good we got it time to go to the grocery
store I don't know how this you know
work we might have some but will feed
you urine alright guys we are grocery
shopping now we got to Loblaws we don't
know what to do with wolfy jr. so we're
sneaking them in because I don't think
you're supposed to bring the puppy or
dogs in a grocery store but it's late at
night that's not many people in it and
to be honest he just looks like a baby
from the bag even though this is a
security guard right there
and so yeah sadeghi he's not a baby if
he starts barking in the store we're
fucked this is like the Zelda game when
you're trying to sneak past the security
guards we should literally up the wait
till they're around a tree and then it's
like go go go go behind the wall I don't
know it looks like the puppy can't even
stand so for two seconds so Villa's
yoloing it alright I'm gonna go grab a
cart please girls this
what he's saying without being whisper
on its face now that we have the puppy
in here this is a timed mission we only
have a certain amount of time before he
works these freaky odors as soon as he
barks we have to make a run for the exit
we have to make a run for the exit that
is the first stop of the day in the
grocery store is Brett so there's it's
residential yet
it's right here rye bread this stuff is
amazing we need what hamburger buns we
do need a burger buns because we do have
hamburgers with no buns buns are always
good so we got the italiano
so that's bread we need pitas -
whole-wheat pita is because I still have
a lot of hummus leftover so let me grab
some of this - four five don't mind if I
do
hopefully this stuff doesn't go bad
hopefully I can eat it quick enough guys
we are halfway done the mission we got
the milk we have enough syrup oh my god
oh my god I just merged my own foot and
it's bleeding with it hurt this Kurt
this bookie casualties aah
okay guys homestretch we got everything
we needed now we just gotta pay
hopefully the self-service open your boy
is dying right now his foot I'm limping
I'm just limping guys we made it Wolfie
junior still alive not one bark not one
bark
he's actually Loki scared as fuck right
now what is this huge store but we did
it snuck him in got the goods and now we
got a go I'm really craving a nice cam I
get an ice cap put it in the fridge my
fridge where I know no one's gonna have
it and then sip it in the morning when
I'm editing my video that would be
clueless guys Wolfie is actually
listening without a tree check this out
he knows sitting down hey nobody nobody
come here
Wolfie show them sit come on
sit I'll use went straight to down come
on this way he went straight to down do
one at a time one at a time we'll be
coming sit sit sit
he's like buck you guys he was just
doing it so well with no treat to just
like give him a hug after you did it
here you go
sit
down good boy yeah good job buddy good
job buddy
you're a genius so guys I'm watching
some Facebook videos and some YouTube
videos and I might have just possibly
watched the most savage video ever
there's this like eight-year-old rugby
kid and he's just literally tanking over
other eight-year-old ruddy kids like
check this out it's called
eight-year-old beast mode watch this guy
when he gets the ball yeah ooh two three
three guys down where's look at how
small that kid is four just to get out
of here five oh my god
boom this guy is a savage he has no
chance literally it's like unfair this
is just unfair like oh my god that guy's
necks broken home guy fell got up and
smoked another kid look at that view and
just any quick - this guy's quick as
hell this is one of those kids that like
clearly played with his older brother
and dad and shit and they're just like
yeah be as rough as possible and these
kids are too scared to hit him or
someone's about to die - someone's going
to die no no don't hold them don't hold
them know them just don't do it it's
just not even a chance so there you guys
go and eat your old rugby absolute tank
this guy just murdered everybody it is
sucky late night Twitter let's follow
some people that liked my most recent
tweet hold on there's one I said I
always like following people with my
name in their bio or a picture of me as
their as our profile picture so let's
see some people that liked it it's what
I do at 3:00 in the morning guys here we
go
toss a follow follow follow follow
follow follow get some retweets in there
go to the retweets so this is what
happens guys I just randomly like and
fall of some of you guys boom but I
don't follow eggs though I don't follow
eggs if you stay active on my stuff I'm
probably gonna follow you eventually
like if I see your name over and over
and over again in my feet I'm just gonna
talk to you follow because you guys
support me so I gotta fucking solo back
let's see what is popping on YouTube I
know jad drop the video today DJ drop
the video today actually David drop I
think Sean was the only one not to drop
the video today me I dropped one and
dropped on my vlog Channel jaw dropped
an H&M challenge David dropped a
hotsauce challenge technically Sean was
in it
I don't think Sean dropped now Sean
didn't drop one my brother dropped one
on the Lionel's squad upload day oh yeah
everybody everybody uploaded a video and
there's a lot of fucking videos I want
to watch right now I literally think I'm
just gonna crawl up a bed and just play
the videos and if I fall asleep to that
my fall asleep to them but I want to see
how many videos I can possibly get
through before I actually pass out guys
my total is still bloody as hell this is
all dry blood from the grocery store the
cart smoked me man it hurts it stings it
really does you just can't trust the
carts out here these days you just can't
trust the carts out here anyways guys I
think I'm gonna end the vlog off there I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
I want to hit 26 Kate likes on this vlog
so if you guys are still watching the
vlog which I know a lot of you guys are
a lot of you guys always watch to the
end you're loyal loyal members of the
wolf femme so go down right now hit that
like button let's smash it like we'd
smash the likes on my main channel
all right feel me also if you guys made
it to the very end of the blog I want
you to comment something down below so I
know you made it so comment down below
keep dropping bangers because I'm pretty
happy about my upload today it's poppin
off right now so again comment down
below keep dropping bangers and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage in my
main channel just a little bit and I
always stay Savage now go
