good morning a yo what's gonna see boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
remember that pasta and a lot of you
guys don't like how I say pasta for some
reason how do you say pasta pasta pasta
I don't know if people in the United
States a pasta or whatever I say it past
that fucking I'll just say spaghetti
from now on I've made my spaghetti I got
my nice sauce my meat sauce my noodles
underneath it I got the noodles here
basically I just made a mountain of
spaghetti because I'm starving right now
it's like 1 o'clock in the afternoon
just starting the vlog off but this is
my first meal of the day we slept in
today lazy Sunday but we're still gonna
grind today don't worry we're still
gonna grind but this is probably gonna
be my one and only meal of the day even
though it's not good to do that usually
when I don't eat until later on in the
day I have one meal and then probably
just a couple snacks so this is actually
gonna be my only meal of the day I also
have my car back so I can get my car
wash today which is blessed my stop by
home Michael get an air purifier
arcosolia says our room is like purified
but I don't really want to get that
because I remember watching TV shows as
a kid and the people that had the air
purifiers they're like do you have an
air dehumidifier and a humidifier those
are the kids that always got made fun of
like Lisa's emo from Ned's Declassified
School Survival Guide looking ass so I'm
skeptical to get this air purifier I
don't think I really need it so this has
their and our rooms not that great so it
is we might go get it got the meat sauce
right here Sylvia's melted cheese and
one more update the friggin dog the dog
is a G now like he knows how to sit he
knows how to lay half the time he still
doesn't know how to come but it's all
good and he can finally be a little more
independent like he doesn't whine right
away when we're not with him he learned
how to jump off the couch without
hurting himself like baby steps but he's
becoming a man slowly but is getting
bigger you're getting Berger he might
just beginning fluffier but he always
has a belly on him like it for some
reason it always feels like he's so
bloating he needs to be legit alright
guys so we are starting our day off well
we are gonna go to Bed Bath & Beyond to
return those shelves that didn't fit in
the
ix cube unit thingy whatever it's called
also me and Sofia both have to pick up
video supplies luckily walmart sells a
majority of them I'm also gonna have to
go to the ball barn store just to get
some candy and stuff but yeah today is
basically a film day I don't think I'm
gonna do too much editing today I'm also
gonna drop by home and go take Wolfie Jr
will be here and you're on a walk with
the cats to see if he actually walks cuz
no one wants to take the cats on a walk
and I was like yeah you know what
I'll take Wolfie too because he hasn't
gone today yet so first I'm gonna drop
off Wolfie jr. then we're gonna go get
the video supplies and then we will take
him on a walk after I'm pretty sure my
mom is filming today's video so you guys
already know when my mom throws a video
for me the camera work is just
phenomenal just effortless I never have
to yell at her and tell her she's doing
something wrong it's amazing
mom we're waiting on you when you gotta
make a YouTube channel I know you drop
bangers now guys if you're making the
sweetest drink in the world obviously
you know your boy has to go back to Paul
Caron to get some supplies last time I
made the Sowers drink in the world but
today we're making the sweetest drink in
the world because mad people wanted that
one so we're about to go into bulk barn
and buy everything the wind is crazy
right now everything that is super damn
sweet including just straight-up sugar
we're gonna start at the very end of
this aisle and then make our way back to
the front of the store one-by-one
looking at everything that's super sweet
I mean there's a lot of sweet but we're
gonna choose the sweetest sweet of stuff
first thing we're gonna grab skittles
you already know BAM but we're not just
getting regular skittles we're getting
tropical skittles and berry skittles the
dark ones light ones regular and you
guys already know you use are just pure
sugar that's all they are sugar so we're
gonna grab jujubes as well to throw in
the mixture
what are these mini sour now we're not
doing style we're just doing sweet Jolly
Ranchers our next classic Jolly Ranchers
shot glasses you guys already know guys
you know you cannot forget about the
main ingredient that we need it which is
just sugar
now cane sugar is too healthy we need
really unhealthy instant dissolving
fruit sugars out of that one or just the
packs of sugar or the sugar twin which
isn't even real sugar that's just
terrible for you
so yeah we're gettin sweetener shut up
to the people that work at Bob Brown
honestly I don't understand how you guys
memorized the code for every single
candy like I gave her the candy and
literally you see your fingers like baby
baby baby baby like putting the code in
for every candy one at a time I'm not
even the type of guy who puts tags on my
bag so they completely just have to know
what the candy is memorize the code for
it and then scan it into their system so
that they can charge me the right amount
so if I ever worked at both crying
there's no way I would memorize over
like one code I would just scan
everything even though you can't scan
the bag I would have figured out so I
just finished up at Walmart basically I
got everything I needed some chocolate
the sweetest drink well this is not that
like the actual Swedish drink this is
the sweetest drink I could find this and
orange Fanta what I decided on this
because everyone knows this fruit punch
is ridiculously sweet starbursts
chocolate gummy and then Sylvie was
getting a few things from the makeup
section right now so now we're just
waiting on her to finish and then we're
done at Walmart so guys I'm taking wolfy
jr. on a walk and he just took a poop on
the road Dustin stepped in it so now we
gotta wait for my mom to come around the
corner wolfy you're not going anywhere
Sofia has to clean up your poop and wipe
your bum so now he's cheese cuz that's
except in his poop wolfy come here so
I'm getting mad we can't just let him
poop randomly on the road without it
cleaning it up because then we'll get
too used to it
so we're gonna be responsible for our
actions and so he's gonna get a plastic
but hey no no barking no barking we
taught you yeah all right so Silvia got
the bags cleaning up the poop dog poop
oh my god hey we gotta wipe your bum
buddy why you pooping on the road
literally wolfy jr. because he's a dog
he walked so much better than cats so
the cats are still way around the corner
over there
but did you news all the way over here
even though he's smaller right are you
peeing I think you might have peed so I
got all the supplies here water I'm on
here I'm about to film I got to get
pumped up I don't have an energy drink
so I'm just gonna have to slap myself in
the face a few times pet lion you do you
actually
all right I have a Red Bull then
Dustin's got me a Red Bull I gotta get
the Red Bull again the DIY wolfy mood
even though it's not DIY it's sweet
drink wolfy DIY will Phoebe why yeah I
might put in a sip of that in just for
for shits and giggles shits and giggles
got my Red Bull all right guys I'm good
to film let's do it mom ready camera
camera woman yeah
this is your true test if you do a good
job today then I'll let you blog on my
channel because it got 40k likes all the
wolf em got 40k likes so you have to
vlog nobody wants you alright last two
days you're vlogging debut great kiss
the camera all right thank you ready
let's do it alright y'all so I just
finished filming the video basically it
was not as bad as the first video that I
filmed but it's still gonna be a banger
of course this is kind of what the video
was about if you can tell all right
that's all you get to see basically my
mom though I just tweeted out a tweet
because there's a big challenge going
around that white girls are evolving so
it's just white girls dancing Jude you
want to beat that's what it is you
already know so I tweeted on a pic
saying if the tweet gets five thousand
retweets that my mom will do the dance
my mom saying she's not gonna do the
dance but the thing is the tweets
already sent out when you tweet out
something you can't go back on your
words so it's at 3,600 retweets probably
by the time you guys are seeing this it
will have already hit 5k you guys don't
already follow me on twitter at wolf or
your apps follow me a because I'm
verifying and B because you're gonna see
a wack video of my mom dancing white
girls are evolving ain't ya prove it so
yeah my mom's gonna dance I finished
filming my video but Sylvia is actually
at my house for our house filming her
video right now or she should be so I'm
gonna give her a call
just to make sure she is filming because
she took wolfy jr. I don't have wolfy
doing right now and if she's not filming
there's down maybe cheese so me face
down this girl you gotta put this hammer
away cuz I use this forever do Sylvia
hold on I'm putting his hammer away
are you filming where's Wolfie junior
show him Oh what was that
oh shit I swear I just saw lightning in
the house Wolfie juniors playing at the
wire hey show me him
sure Wolfie to me put his put his face
on you tell him I'm here
I miss him Wolfie Wolfie hey this guy
doesn't listen to me through FaceTime
look at this light-skinned girl look at
us today I'm gonna come home in a bit
okay I just realize guys I don't have a
way to get to my house now so I'm gonna
eat here because I can steal the food
also I am going to probably just start
editing my blog so I don't have to edit
it later on be productive this is some
weird invention in my house what is this
doing is that like a teacher alright
time to go check on how my room is doing
it have been in here know what guys oh
my god the memories in this room I still
got my posters up here because I'm not
officially out of this room I start on
my desk here this desk over here the
Lysol wipes Lysol wipes have been there
for time just in case we'll be junior
ever comes back here I got this bull and
it's ppad garbage and stuff like this
the lights obviously staying here and we
also have storage closet stories class
because your boy is never gonna
officially leave over here we have
clothes and then a box for my computer
supply same with this one
there's also one more box full of that
stuff in my room that's about it what's
over here
Sophia has a suitcase here but other
than that everything's pretty much wiped
out nothing on here nothing over there
nothing over here but god damn the
amount of memories I've spent in this
room the amount of videos I've edited on
this table the amount of stuff I've just
done in this house is crazy so it's
weird going to my new house and filming
videos there and then coming back here
because it still feels like I live here
obviously I don't really live here
anymore I still come back and visit all
the time though so I'm always here I
have a few different house choices that
I could have picked but I'm happy god
this is this is coming up sit down for a
sec I'm happy I chose a house that I did
because it's still pretty damn close to
this house
anytime I need to drop the puppy off on
me and Silvia tea to go somewhere in
recalibrate it I could just drop above
here I can still come back here and film
and still be back home for like a
regular time so not technically I just
have two houses which is amazing amazing
if I don't want to be absolutely too
loud in my new house I have this house
for DIY Wolfie because DIY well we can
get a little too loud sometimes you know
as you guys have seen in my videos it's
like I have no chill when it comes to
those videos so the kitchen here is
always blessed so that's why I filmed
here today because I had the blender and
everything I needed I got the best of
both worlds when I need to be alone I
got my new house and I want to be around
people I can come back here it's amazing
guys got a home-cooked meal steak
potatoes and some salad cooked by the
one and only chef Dustin but I shot it
to Dustin
cuz I don't even have to cook my own
stuff where I live so I just get meal
scripts man so guys I'm showing my mom
what she has to do cuz the tweets about
to hit 5,000
all right guys so my mom just did the
challenge I posted it on my Twitter so
go to my Twitter at Wolfie raps hold on
this is blurry as fuck five minutes into
okay that's not the thing I wanted you
to see I wanted you guys to see this my
mom says
this gets five thousand retweets it hit
50 100 so shut up to the Wolfe fam shut
up to everyone who retweeted and liked
it on Twitter go fuck my Baba Twitter at
the fir files I'll leave her right here
she needs to shut up because she just
did the best dance you guys all I
received so I just put it on Twitter and
it's poppin' let's cool let's go mom
you're viral
you're about to be immune now we're
going home to edit cuz I didn't edit
here so be about the drought let's go
alright guys so I'm home now but I just
had to lay out an extra P map because
wolfy jr. is acting our place I thought
he started to behave and I thought he
said it to listen but just as I thought
that as soon as we got home I try
begging and pee on the pad for like five
minutes straight and then this guy did
not pee so then I finally gave up I was
okay maybe he doesn't have to pee like
let's go get him let's go get him some
food or something and then I put him in
his playpen to sit for like two seconds
cuz I had to help Silvia move some stuff
so I didn't want him to get squished or
anything and this guy like pee this
pants all over the floor there there's
no mat there or anything but I'm just so
cheese we tried so hard to get him to go
on the mat like for the most part he
doesn't wanna man I know he's still a
puppy but literally as soon as we took
them off when I was like yo he's a wolfy
just chill for a second
back to you the sky Pete himself all I
gotta say is look at this dog right now
take a screenshot of this damn moment
because look at this this guy is asleep
between my legs passed out absolutely
passed out he had a long day I'm
exporting my vlog right now but look at
this dude
just like don't kill me his feet are
together pause they're up and he's
passed out
whoopee I can't even handle the cuteness
right now this is ridiculous those your
teeth popping out those are your lips he
doesn't even have an underbite guys his
teeth are perfect too we have the
perfect dog that's it that's a wrap guys
look at this I literally just whipped up
an incognito window because I wanted to
see where my video was in relation to
other videos and this is what my channel
popped up as like completely new YouTube
layout like it's blue I don't even get
to choose these colors I'm assuming I
get to probably choose these colors soon
but my picture is there my stuff is down
here when we go to home my first video
comes up I guess it doesn't say two
views for my video I guess I don't know
what's going on my videos are down there
trying to be hipster this is YouTube's
trying to be hipster YouTube dot CA okay
this the tabs are on the left side sure
they're a little bit bigger subscribe is
a big red button I guess that's pretty
cool cuz that's probably gonna make more
people subscribe it stands out a lot
more but still like I'm so confused on
what the hell is going on right now wolf
your apps whoa whoa and then it pops up
says to mil what yo YouTube is changing
a G's this is crazy this is crazy indeed
it's got more wolfy here on the bottom
hold on let it let it focus look at this
this looks like way more 2016 if I can
like if I have any way to describe it
that's the way I would describe it it's
just modern more modern more simple I
guess it's cool like everything's bigger
but there's no suggested videos on the
side like it just shows Wow
what so guys I was scrolling through
Twitter and I saw one of the big
supporters of like elbow your boy Willy
this guy comments on all of our stuff
like every
we post the video he's one of the first
guys to show some love on it this guy
has been around from the beginning so I
got to show love to him so he posted JA
a chad with the je dis track on twitter
and i listened to part of it but i'm
gonna react to the rest of it on camera
for you guys because hey wolfy smarten
up bro marna anyways i'm gonna listen to
the rest of it on camera for you guys
because I feel like you guys will
appreciate it you guys know chad is dads
in a bunch of my old videos he's been in
my recent videos maybe I've been in one
of his recent videos chatted to Jay tall
guy 6:7 looking ass but here we go let's
get it no hos man that's probably why
you elbow on Twitter eh you don't get no
views shit let's go figure right dude I
can't do this here we go your boy Willie
is going in I'll leave this link in the
description of my video k special oh my
god jeez let's go
visit all of them are demons oh my god
oh my god holy shit
you just want to follow on Twitter
bullshit Dave you're next yo guys come
on Dave jad you're watching this vlog
follow your boy Willy you gotta show
love you just roasted I roasted Jeb
didn't real Steve yeah guys that was
heat holy shit but yeah me and Sylvia
are about to watch
narcos on the TV beside one o'clock yet
and we're starting the episode honestly
so we're pretty early today that means
after this episode if we just watch one
then I'll have some time to go on my
computer and stuff like my a big desktop
and maybe game for a bit maybe like
watch some more YouTube videos like I
haven't had time to do that in a while
because I've been filming and grinding
guys tell me how I managed to watch two
episodes of narcos take a short nap and
then pick up the block cane lag and guys
I am exhausted
but let me just tell you what the show
this show is ridiculous like every
episode you think that it's not gonna
get any crazier and then something
happens at the very end obviously just
like any typical show that wants to draw
you into like the next episode so you
have to watch it so you tell yourself
y'all I'm gonna watch one episode and
then I'm done but then at the very end
you're like oh shit I have to watch next
episode so if you guys are looking for a
new dope show to watch the first one
that I'm gonna like blast through is
narcos I'm only on like Episode seven
now of like the first season but it's
already lit as hell so if you guys want
a dope show to watch narco is the main
show I'm gonna suggest and then after
that probably gonna choose one of the
shows you guys commented on my blog like
a few days ago because I asked you guys
so many shows and you guys gave me so
many different suggestions so I'm gonna
start off with narcos and then I'm gonna
move on to whatever was the most
suggestive on that list next but yeah it
is 3:30 a.m. literally like this is the
latest I've stayed up in the south so
this is a record I will write this down
this is the latest I've stayed up in my
new house yes but right now I'm calling
it quits
I'm exhaust
I'm gonna see you guys soon I gotta end
the vlog off there because tomorrow is a
long long edit day I'm dropping two
videos again it's a double upload day so
I'm gonna be sitting in this room all
day tomorrow so I gotta get used to it
which means I gotta pass out now so I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
let's match 26 thousand likes on this
video so go down right now hit that like
button if you're a savage if you're a
true fan go down and smash that like
button also if you guys made it to the
very end of the vlog I want you guys to
comment something down below so I know
you made it to the end of the vlog so
this one's gonna be random as fuck I
always tell you guys to comment some
random spot just comment down below
umbrella umbrella that's it one word not
even two words this time coming umbrella
so I know you made it to the very end
and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay
