hey yo what's gonna chew boy wolfy right
now we are walking the dog
first things first in the morning but he
won't walk he's whining and he just
wants to get lifted I've seen it come
here see I'm literally exhausted right
now but this dog just keeps wanting to
get picked up such a baby
but yeah Lots plan for today I think I'm
filming with my parents today my mouth
really still hurts me and Silvia still
have to build her cube thing like the
thing that I showed you in vlog long
yesterday the nine piece cube thing that
was heaviest so we gotta get that
done and then finish walking this bad
boy so we talked over jr. sick in like
two days and now we're trying to teach
him down he just did it off camera but
I'm gonna see you do it on camera bunny
buddy
Wolfie Wolfie you see a tree I have it
here maybe he doesn't know come yet oh
won't be come here alright you gotta
start walking away so follow you I'm
gonna give you a nice and hey sit down
almost along these so close it will
retry come in sit down you just did it
off camera bro come here it's like where
is it sit okay yeah sit down hey down
close enough good boy he did enough you
lay down Silvia cooked us pancakes and
now we are watching some perfect match
show which is weird I don't know how it
sure works cuz I didn't watch the first
episode but it's on MTV right now
basically these people have to figure
out who their perfect matches so this
one girl this girl picked him as her
perfect match even though he straight-up
said not like I don't with you like
I like Julia better it shows dramatic as
hell some real world so we're gonna
watch Marcos as soon as we got back from
the dog walk but then this came on the
TV and it's just one of those reality TV
shows this - addicting to watch so now
what they're all doing is trying to find
out who their perfect matches I thought
if all of them figure out who their
perfect matches on paper I'm pretty sure
that's the whole premise of the show to
get money and I think it's like a
million dollars or something out of
250,000 or something Oh God so right now
they're all just experimenting around to
see who their perfect matches and a lot
of them are getting too flustered by
like how attractive the people are but
not looking at the truth behind the
appearance what their perfect matches on
paper the next stop of the day is
unboxing this 9 cube storage unit it's
heavy as hell just shut the ground but
this is what its gonna look like without
these drawers unless it has these jurors
which would be hype and if it has these
dividers to like it it's gonna be lit
that's sure you're just watching and I
still don't know what it's called but we
just watched like three different
episodes I can't deal with the
cliffhangers I can't do them this is why
I don't watch TV I get to hooked on the
shows even if the shows are the
shows are it's honestly better
because it means you can make fun of
them or if you have a good show then
it's a good video to offer Wolfie units
been trying to sleep this whole time but
we don't want them to sleep we want them
to tire out later hey no more bunny no
more fluff because you hump it so I'm
putting it in there you can't be humping
you're only 15 weeks you don't even have
a penis bro hopefully juniors too horny
gotta get fixed so just letting you guys
know that this is apparently supposed to
be real simple literally that's what
they brag about real simple solutions is
the name of that you know yeah well
because it should be real simple they
even have letters like there's an e on
now and there's a B on that one telling
you what to do to put it together good
thing the other day I got the basics I
told you guys I knew the basics so you
need a flathead screwdriver you need a
regular star screwdriver and then a
hammer which we have all the above so
now you guys can make it okay it's not
this is not this life could be too
simple guys like this ridiculous oh my
god real simple eh this is real simple
all right next time we're getting it
from Ikea so the first step when you
guys are putting anything together like
this is count out all the pieces to make
sure you have the right equipment and
also to make sure that you're not using
the wrong pieces for the wrong parts
like the wrong steps so you got to get
two DS gotta get two DS the first step
put them like this and then put some
glue in it I've never
use glue before but the instructions
daily before in your whole life not for
IKEA furniture you never you need glue
isn't IKEA furniture so you take glue
and you don't want to use these thick
pegs okay these are the thick pegs those
are the thin paste you want to use the
tin pegs but you want to count them well
first start halfway done and the
instructions are kind of unclear but
we're still making moves over juniors
actually sleeping which is great because
he's not he's barely eating all the
friggin styrofoam that I picked up his
mouth earlier this guy bill you guys we
got the hammer oh now we are hammering
in the corners we're almost done there's
been like five steps but there's been a
lot of things involved in each step so
now we're just hammering in the corners
boom boom boom boom boom here here and
then you have the drawers down here that
I have to put in after and then we're
done so this is what the final shelf
looks like I know you guys are saying
why is there holes on here and here it's
because you can customize each shelf and
each cube to look dope but uh it also
came with stickers like those these
white stickers that came with to help
cover up those if you don't want to put
like these in the shelves so guys we
basically up these are supposed
to be on each side like here and here
because now we can't really put up these
drawers and pull them out so it's
supposed to look like this hold on it's
supposed to look like this and we
up so the drawers are 20 bucks each and
we're gonna return them and now we just
have a dresser with a bunch of holes in
it it's still fine it looks pretty good
I feel like once we add all the stickers
to it and still gonna look swaggy so
it's it's whatever it's just it would
have been better if we could have jars
it like that alright guys so I'm off to
David's house to pick up hot sauce for
the video that I'm filming with my
parents today if we have time then I'm
going to my parents to drop off the dog
and then go into the grocery store and
then we should be filming then I'm going
to film at my parents house this one so
Wolfie jr. tear my lab first off is the
hot sauce the hot hot sauce alright guys
so we got this stuff it's called the
bomb hot sauce if you guys have seen me
in David's video I'm pretty sure you
guys know that this hot sauce is hot as
 so I have an extremely low pain
tolerance to heat like I don't like heat
like sriracha I can do obviously I'm
sorry God when it comes down to like
actual hot foods I'm kind of a bitch
when it goes up through it so my dad
doesn't mind hot but my mom hates hot
and I talked to my mom on the phone
earlier and I told her I was like you
ready to film you ready to film I didn't
tell her what we were doing but she's
like as long as it's not something hot
so I was like yeah word I get the
 hottest on times I know so yeah
now we're just going to drop off Wolfie
jr. I gave them to Silvia cuz it's hard
to drive with this guy unless he's
sleeping then we are going to the
grocery store to get a few supplies and
then it's about to be lit dropping the
pop off that pop off the puppy's here so
screw the cats puppies here my annulled
puppies here why is there so many M&Ms
in the house Oh what is it stack M&Ms
it's impossible hey buddy hey buddy
alright guys the next stop is the bank I
completely forgot but for my video I'm
gonna need the money so I gotta go take
out money hopefully I can take out as
much money as I'm trying to take out we
are right here at the bank and I'm just
waiting to turn c√≥digo
could be closed and my mother still
hurts us you guys could see it gave a
talk but even if it's closed the ATM
should let me take out a certain amount
but I want to take out more than they're
gonna let me take out so hopefully ATMs
if you listen to me let me take out what
I need to take you need it for the vid
exactly we need it for the vid I need it
for my vid
now you're it come on what a time we are
this yeah come on you know what I'm
saying I should just be able to talk and
then the language change is just like
what could spit out 60 grand hey guys
I'm only the proof I'm seeing if I can
take out the money please please all
right it's a flop
it is a flop amount available exist one
all right the video is a fly so guys we
also picked up this h2o to go basically
it's like a water bottle that flips out
so that the dog can drink on the go so
you keep it like tucked away and then
open it up when he needs a drink because
usually Wolfie jr. is extremely
exhausted during our walks and he
doesn't really have water so we've been
needing this we just haven't been able
to get it so we got this and now we're
about to do the biggest mission of the
day we're not doing a bank heist because
I can only take a certain amount out
from my bank we're gonna go to Sylvia's
banks because she's with two different
banks and see if she can take some out
from one some up for another and then
hopefully by the time we're done going
to three different banks we have what we
need for the video you guys will see why
in the main channel video after but
Scotiabank doesn't rate me apparently so
banks top number one TD Silvia just went
in let's see what we can get from here
so Sylvia got part of the money
basically we only need a little bit more
so RBC there's CIBC on this side of the
mall you can't see it cuz the lighting
but CIBC is way in the distance RBC is
on the other side of the mall so we're
just gonna go to LA blogs to get some of
the supplies and then go to RBC on the
way home and then also go to Walmart
because I think we're getting mousetraps
and I don't think they sell those in
Loblaws but they probably sell them to
one I know they saw the MoMA first
things first
I'm gonna get the thieves red seedless
grapes okay guys so I got the grapes we
have the grapes next we need to get
whipped cream cookies
look for mousetraps do we'll see if they
have them so guys these are the peppers
I think these are the same peppers I got
but the ones I got were red
but we're who cares like I know they're
gonna be hot regardless so it is what it
is okay all right
yeah cookies are the next thing we need
and I'm just gonna get simple simple
Oreos because someone specifically said
Oreos so yeah hey don't break them water
bar whipped cream water bottle is in the
aisle next to the cookies and the water
bottle that I want to use to flip are
like the basic basic water bottles so
honestly I think all these are too big
it's the really basic ones down here
that I see flip the most so I always
grab the ones in the back I never like
to grab the one with a French God Hey
last but not least gooey whipped
cream Cool Whip I already know what it
is cool whip
cool hwhip cool whip it's cool whip so
if most traps would be anywhere in this
store they would either be in this aisle
or the aisle next to it with all the pet
stuff but this is like the aisle of
random stuff like it's got straws water
bottles cups no mess traps gotta try the
next aisle so we ended up coming back to
where we initially got this in war most
crops don't see the moon see them next
aisle we slowly go through the aisles
and pray that we see the most drops no
fish food pawn stuff leashes
but to Google if they even sell them at
Walmart in about one minute so online
it's saying they should have a few
mousetraps but I still have yet to find
them and I don't know what section they
would be in hold on let me click on one
and then see what section this is that
you hunt stuff down in Walmart so you go
to it and then and then I don't know
what to do
usually it says like the department that
they sell it in then you can track it
down just by looking at the signs but
insect control ah insect control wears
mouse control who called it mousetrap
live mouse trap this is not a trap kind
of trap is this though
what kind of trap is this that's like it
crawls in and then gets like how does it
get the cage falls down on it okay
I don't need that I don't need that
that's not what I'm looking for guys rat
killer okay this is also not what I need
is this
these Mouse killers if it's gonna kill
the mouse by eating this chunk this
block bait I don't understand how this
works what no way so they don't sell
regular Mouse most parts anymore right
mom and dad I know you guys going to be
watching this vlog all I got to tell you
guys is look I looked they have rat
traps they have these cubes for rats but
these seem to be the friendly traps none
of these are like the actual old-school
traps and I just looked online and I
can't really find the traps like most
doors are closed it's pretty late at
night right now so I'm sorry I wanted to
give you two options either eat the
pepper the really hot pepper which mom I
know you're not going to like doing and
dad you're probably not going to like it
either but the thing is I at least came
here look for a mousetrap couldn't find
one and I'm just too lazy to go up to
another store advise ugly for you guys
so uh is this ah no you played just oh
 okay
gas station gas station most yeah we
could check I was gonna go check
Canadian Tire but you know it's too far
we got to get this video filmed so yeah
you're gonna have to eat the hot pepper
sorry guys the money is good we got the
money
we are officially ready to shoot the
video but no mouse trap but we're still
gonna shoot a banger don't even worry
get ready for this video on my main
channel I think this this is gonna be
the second video I post maybe the third
day I don't know it's gonna come on
within like a few weeks so so now we got
everything set up
it is filming time I will come back and
let you guys know how the filming want
as soon as I'm done peace
alright guys so we just finished
shooting the video as a banger my dad is
currently dying from the video you guys
will see why when it drops my mom is
being kind of scared of everything
Silvia helped film now we gotta go grab
Wolfie upstairs he's with my sister take
them home and then I gotta edit my vlog
but my mouth is even on fire because I
joined in you know I can't see my
parents suffer and not join in but my
mom won't let me keep my peppers in the
house the hot peppers that we went to
use in video we might have might have
not so now I gotta take them out and
throw them out because there's no way
I'm ever gonna touch them again Cleo and
Lionel waiting for food like I never
left
hey Lauren Cleo cats are way more
smoother than dogs that's for sure so
I'm partway through editing my vlog
right now but I can't stop looking like
there is insane lightning outside barely
any thunder but I want you guys to see
the light and hopefully I can catch
something on tape you can see it through
the blinds hope oh you might have saw
something you might have saw something
through those blinds
hold on let me get you guys a blessed
angle of this let's see if you can see
anything can you see anything please
okay I'm gonna cut OH
oh my god nevermind I'm not gonna cut
that look at that guys that's insane
we're scared I'm scared I don't
know what's going on but this is like an
irregular amount of lightning like
usually there's not this much so V are
you scared I'm scared oh my god
I'm my pants right now
hope you knew scaredy called up in a
corner we're all scared we're scared I
guess I just watched another
Versalles of narcos and it is in singing
like it just keeps getting better and
better when I wanted to watch the third
episode but me and so they are both
exhausted so if I can manage to wake
myself up early tomorrow morning I want
to watch one more episode before even
getting into my day tomorrow I'm super
addicted but I'm gonna end the vlog off
there it's friggin 3:00 in the morning
and I really need to go to bed so if you
guys enjoyed make sure to give it a big
thumbs up let's hit 26 K 26 K go down
and smash that like button because I'm
gonna drop a bang or sit on my main
channel and I made my parents do some
wild so you guys should hit that
like button and if you guys made it to
the very end of the vlog I want you guys
to call me something down below so I
know you made it to the very end so
comment down below those birds are wavy
comment those birds are wavy just
because you know in my office you
already know the birds got to stay wavy
you feel I love my office I can
yell in here as loud as I want and no
one can tell me what to do
because I'm so far away from the bedroom
so I can talk loud without Sophia
complaining so it's amazing anyways
again I hope you guys enjoyed and I will
see you guys soon on more will be where
we stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage
