good morning a yo it's getting super
wolfy welcome back to mobile feet on
yesterday's vlog I said that my mom have
to do something in the morning it's
pretty damn early in the morning I
usually don't wake up at 9 I know that's
not early for a lot of people but it's
early for me but I was under the
impression that my mom we're gonna pick
me up and we were gonna go where we need
to go but then she's like oh I'm here
like I'm at your house like so you just
get your carpet drive so now I got to
get my car and I'm driving I thought I
was gonna get to sleep in the car
I'm cheesed estimation mom s MH I can't
even sleep now I see how this all right
guys we arrived where we needed to be
and I found a parking spot took me like
five minutes of final hour because this
place is absolutely packed but you know
we are here there's a snake yourself
that told me to be ready for nine but
I'm still driving so I didn't get to nap
all right but it's all good we're here
we're up earlier than we usually be so
today's going to be a very productive
day new main Channel video night new
vlog tonight double upload days are
always bangers guys we're out here
downtown Ottawa the views city hall
everything is lit down here Parliament
Buildings just beyond those buildings
over there for we're about to go in this
big building right here so we two guys
in the elevator guys we are going up we
are on floor number X well I'm you know
four on doesn't even tell you as you go
up usually a lot of elevator ok 14 we're
making moves 15 I remind I lied 17 okay
we're good so I just helped Sylvia bring
her floor-length mirror or full-length
mirror I don't know what it's called I
think you should be called a full-length
body mirror her full-body mirror from
downstairs we got it up here it's in
here my mom's at my house with the dog
we're about to send some emails together
she's helping me my assistant and then
I'm gonna edit baby just text me so I
might kick it with him too might have an
edit session just like on my old house
won't be Junior okay guys so important
news me and David are just both editing
on he's about to without his vlog camera
we're editing right here but look at
this I've been talking back and forth
with YouTube about why my gum video got
age-restricted so here we go if we go to
my channel we should see that it's not
age restricted name
or because I just got an email saying
everything's good 100 pieces of gum with
that David parody himself and David
Perry Hibbs oh and uh yes not ages
shifted anymore we out here I
I love you guys YouTube thank you very
much I really appreciate that because I
was chewing gum shindig I need you to
stick to the first place tonight it's
all good huh
see ya alright guys so yeah I'm wearing
the same outfit as yesterday I don't
care I've been grinding but me and David
are gonna go over to the car wash now
he's gonna go wash his car and the light
that I got Sylvia are not the light the
what's called the mirror light yesterday
you guys saw in the vlog not only did I
ask her for like five minutes on the
vlog what light she wanted as soon as I
turned the camera off
I literally talked to her for like
another 20 minutes about what exact
mirror light she wanted and I brought it
back to her last night she's like I
don't know if I really like it and she's
like oh why don't you get this this
frigging mirror and she told me the type
of mirror was David's vlogging me like a
snake from the corner but yeah she ended
up returning the light or the mirror
light today and so that's where she is
she has my car
so I'm carless I want to go get a car
wash with David but I'm just gonna go
get a car wash in his car because I
don't have my baby king wolf so it is
what it is I'll get mine tomorrow even
though I have bird shit all over the
front bumper and then we might go get a
nice cabin when we get back to my house
I want to upload a video gaem is
dropping a vlog so it's uploading day
we're currently in the carwash
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo guys hit the
like button and open this Oh No let's go
home family I don't know for 40 K likes
guys and we will take off the roof of
the car in the yeah it's fine a Jeep
yeah we're just getting the sprinkle
hydrogenated in the okay wash hey Rolla
all this is the concealer
oh good lucky brush yeah guys anyways
guys I'll let you know how clean the car
goes it should get pretty clean you know
how car brushes work guys look at the
sky today it is like that friggin
reddish blue honestly very beautiful
usually we don't take time to appreciate
this stuff but I like art guys now we're
in line for Kimmy's I'm getting a nice
cap David's paying for me because I put
out my wallet at home
drop my keys hey then don't get used to
it I'm high bro I won't uh we're getting
a nice cap and then I'm like I want to
go home to upload my video we both need
to and my Internet's bless his fuck but
Sylvia is not answering my calls and she
has a key so we're basically stranded
right now unless you want to go to Boise
yeah we'll go visit the elbows the
elbows guys so I'm in the elbow house
right now there's already like a thing
about he is here but i'ma draw another
one just so I'm gonna prank them ready
here we go here we go this is how you
prank them fucking look at it bro some
of this no game prank prank them
I need a blog title help me so guys are
watching Brian Swayze this video and
he's reacting to his first video ever
filmed on sways nation I don't know if
you guys remember when we went to
Florida as a bowl but that's basically
what the footages and now the cameras
really close to my face right if you're
watching this vlog bro why are you
shaking the camera like this room no I
cannot handle this kid know what's going
on
maybe we said it was like stuff she
could be doing Emma Mary please live
earthquake footage yeah thanks for the
title right there I have a saying this
where you gotta turn your son head okay
guys well you haven't subscribed to Ryan
I'll leave us link in the description
subscribe to my boy Ryan sways I haven't
give him a shout in a minute
he needs a service subscribe alright so
I just uploaded the video of my house we
left the voice so that me and David
could upload in my video I feel like my
Internet's getting quicker and quicker
and quicker because I uploaded my video
in like two minutes I wasn't even done
updating the description and my video is
basically public so my internet it's
just insane like it's fucked it's fucked
these days I went from having the worst
internet problems you guys have seen my
vlogs if you follow them for a while to
the best internet ever so this is a
blessing but now we're gonna go back to
the boys house I have to drive Soviet of
my old house because my dad's gonna help
her with her website and then I'm gonna
go with a boy's house for bed then I'm
gonna bring Wolfie or two great Julia is
watching my video
support support so I'm at home there's a
vlog playing at my house
support you already know that set out of
my caps I'm gonna see how fast I can
bang this vlog out and then go home and
watch Michael to Sylvia so got my laptop
and everything with me so he is getting
her internet or no not internet website
help and let's see how fast we can do
this so I edited my blog it's 95 percent
uploaded I still probably have a little
bit of time ago device house Sylvia's
stuff is not working out though so we're
just chilling here
it my dad's watching his car videos on
the TV look at this we literally just
been watching extremely crazy cars
traffic through the drive-through
McDonald's for like the past 20 minutes
wolfy jr. is asleep over there and you
guys haven't seen Cleo in a bit sir
Cleo's doing good right there right Cleo
I'm gonna be honest your cats look
better than dogs they do look better
than dogs but they don't listen as well
cats are way better looking for sure
your face Cleo too beautiful mom Cleo
say hi to wolfy he's asleep damn for
some reason nothing ever works at my
house and I might do us for this house
nothing ever works we are trying to
figure out something for Sylvia's
website and it's just not working I
don't know what's going on but all the
boys are at the our house and I asked
them if they were still chilling because
I wanted to roll by and DJ said this guy
is retiring people in cello I have not
played NHL in a minute
so I'm probably rusty as hell but nobody
says they're retiring people would show
without Wolfie having a chance to defeat
you first so I'm literally driving to
the boys house just for a match at Shell
I don't know what is going on with my
mouth right now but it is on fire a few
years ago when I was like two and a half
I had braces and basically when I got
the braces off the dentist said I would
not have to remove my wisdom teeth but
for some reason like two days ago the
back left side of my mouth started
hurting and it's still on fire right now
and I don't know if it's because my
wisdom teeth are growing in but then a
day later the back right-hand side of my
mouth started being on fire honestly
it's like affecting my speech it's hard
for me to talk but apparently I don't
have to get my wisdom teeth removed so I
don't know what's going on right now my
mouth just hurts so bad and I legit just
want to drink unlimited ice water right
now just like when I open my mouth a
little too wide like I can keep my mouth
closed like this and it's fine but when
I open my mouth and talk like this even
though I don't know I do that all the
time I always yell it hurts me hurts
probably gonna say is I'm at the elbows
he is nowhere in sight no we're not a
chance bro like where are you bro this
guy must be hiding upstairs
yo DJ 1v1 Cho so I thought he said no
all right scratch that that might have
been the biggest flop in history as soon
as I got to the boy's house I was
chilling there for like five minutes and
then an uber shows up and then they're
like yeah yeah we're going out so I
played myself I got there I was about to
spank DJ DJ was upstairs getting ready
all the other boys were downstairs and
then as soon as I built up my courage to
face DJ literally these guys had to go
so talk it now I'm going back to my
house hopefully sylvia and my dad and my
mom figured her problem out it's 12
o'clock at night which means before me
and sylvia go back to our house i'm
gonna buy her a vanilla cone and sorry
if i'm talking weird guys my fucking
mouth is on fire guys look won't be
juniors here we're figuring stuff out I
think everything is turning out the best
I'm quiet again like just it's working
this one I mean guys I'm leaving my
friggin parents house right now and look
at this bug I don't know if it's to
animals or to insects having sex or just
one massive spider but it was moving and
it's pretty damn big so it needs to get
a book the property I'm going to kill it
like what is that that's kind of
disgusting and it's really big that's a
spider I'm fucking shitting my pants
like I don't know what that is but I'm
gonna attempt to hit it with this and
we'll see what happens we'll see if it
moves oh my eye I missed it Lionel I
need something thicker
I need something thicker that doesn't a
magazine yes you do why not it's like
far away from you open the door please
so he's like what are you doing we're
getting you a vanilla cone you guys I
fucking hate bugs
and I just feel like that's either one
dead bug or two bugs having sex with
each other there's no way that's one bug
there's no way I don't know what the
hell that is but we got Sylvia her
vanilla cone the guy thought I said
vanilla coke and he said we don't carry
it at this location I'm like bruh
said vanilla cone it's fucking wolf you
seen anywhere and so I was like brah
it's all good just get the cone ice
cream this guys sleeps every time he's
in the car cuz he's scared
if he's scared he sleeps other than that
he never sleeps so wolfy jr. we got you
figured out buddy
so me and Sofia are gonna get the Manila
cone and then go back to our house and
instead of watching Marcos on a TV we're
gonna watch it in bed and then probably
past the hello right after guys so
pretty much we decided that wolfy jr. is
now old enough to drive so we're just
gonna let him take the wheel there you
go ready yeah all right take us okay
sure baby oh he he wants my eyes cue so
bad we'll try one more time I'm not
gonna don't put him all the way to the
top just put his front paws on the
bottom where are we going where we going
guys I got a nigga we're going to pet
smart isn't thoughtyou puppy they're
trying to smash never
he doesn't talk like that actually no
he's like yo that bunny that bunny told
you have yeah my god Oh Sylvia just got
her giant carpet and she got this one
other box thing that was so damn heavy
where is it you bring it in okay yeah
it's right here guys apparently it's
just a 9 cube storage unit with this
thing is unbelievably heavy when you're
trying to lift it but right now we're
trying oh yes we're trying to teach
wolfy Union to go pee again he's really
having a hard time and he's about to go
he's sniffing he's nothing he's nothing
when he sniffs like that you know he has
to go pee so if we just get him to go on
a Mac because every time we lift him and
he's like ready to go on the mat and
he'll run away and go pee like 2 seconds
away from it oh yeah there we go on the
mat going man
that's coffee all right guys so it is
that time I'm gonna go rest my mouth and
watch one episode of narcos I am so damn
tired so I don't even know if I'm gonna
make it through a full episode but we'll
see them again I'm gonna try and push
through it I'm exhausted though so
that's the end of the vlog if you guys
enjoyed make sure to give it a big
thumbs up I'm gonna smash 26k not 25k 26
K every couple blogs I'm always trying
to push up the light goal because we are
growing so rapidly
so wolf AM go down
smash that like button right now and if
you guys made it to the end of the vlog
I want you guys to comment something
down below so I know you are a true
loyal wolf fam that stays to the end of
every damn vlog so comment down below
late night gang comment down below late
night gang so I know you made it to the
very end and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage noises are you making
Lego
