good morning a US consumer will be
welcome back to more Wolfie today we
have some salad that was about to go bad
because we haven't been eating too much
of it lately so I just made it all and
I'm going to try and eat as much as
possible at breakfast so I can fill
myself up and get rid of the salad I
guess and then we have some leftovers
from last night the chicken and rice
there's a little bit mean severe
probably is gonna split this not a crazy
breakfast I think so he's making a bagel
but before this stuff goes bad and I
don't really like eating leftovers too
much I'm just going to try and eat them
right now so then I don't have to even
later when the lettuce goes bad and all
that it is pouring outside literally
it's a terrible day outside I'm wearing
my new sweater that I got from H&M like
a few blogs ago and it is comfy as but
like honestly probably one of the most
comfy your sweaters I've ever worn arm
wise it fits usually things don't fit my
arm because I'm too tall too lanky and
shit but yeah it's it's pouring outside
I don't know if you guys can see outside
but there is a lot a lot of rain coming
down guys so right now we're watching
this video with Britney Spears and Ellen
and they're showing what it's like to be
a celebrity and they're just walking in
the mall and just getting everything for
free that was just so Jojo
so basically either in the mall and
they're just like our were celebrities
so we get everything for free so
basically they stole a purse which I'm
sure they did actually steal unlike a
jacket a suit jacket is dining at some
fucking table that's clearly just fake
at this play set up don't kill me oh my
god Ellen's too much like Ellen has no
joke
it's like 600 people staring at them
from outside the hall as they're eating
in the display so because my computer is
still not set up and I haven't hey yah I
mean because I have not set up
everything I'm going to go home and I
didn't want to do this but I'm gonna go
grab my actual desktop computer so I can
bring it here because honestly it's
really annoying if I have to go home
every time I want to go edit like edit a
main channel video at least like not a
vlog I can do that on my laptop so right
now me and Sylvia are gonna run home try
and disconnect all the wires even though
there's a shitload with my computer
bring them here connected here so that I
can edit here and show what the dog
gives me until you were just arguing
about who gets to keep the dog for the
day and she won but I'm gonna go get my
stuff so I can show with him too right
so let's go
guys Wolfie jr. found his new spot I
just placed him in Sylvia's boobs and
he's chillin that right eyes look at him
right now he's so comfy right buddy
right you're comfy with mommy I'm like a
kangaroo holding my young in my pouch so
guys we're wrapping some stuff up
there's so many damn wires in this room
right now but we're pretty much gonna
put everything into this box and then
once we put everything into this box
hopefully I can remember where to plug
the stuff in when I get to my other
house I'm not the smartest dude with
technology like I know how to work
everything on on the computer like
software wise but hardware wise like
physical objects and wires and stuff
like that really confuse me
so hopefully yeah Soviet in the video so
everything should be good but we'll see
I know Sofia's not gonna know what the
hell's going on in the video so that's
not good that'll be but I got my
speakers set up here just the power bar
everything I'm keeping most of the wires
plugged in so I just need to like take
them and find where they fit in so that
should be easy I'm gonna leave this
light here I think for now once I get my
new computer I'm going to bring
everything back to this house and then
just have my new computer
there is madness that has been built up
over the time all the times that I've
edited here and put my feet back there
there's a lot of dust that's building up
so I'm gonna have to Swiffer it after in
my USB handing in USB probably gonna
need a better USB in the future but this
is my OD USB so I can't get rid of it
all right everything is finally
transported to the new house we just did
a mission and now to set everything up
so I'm going to scrape everything off
the table organize things a bit and then
start setting things up because I need
to start editing as soon as possible
Wolfie jr. was like killing in there we
just put them in there for like two
seconds and you ever get me on a bucket
so now that everything is out of the box
officially I'm just going to snap it in
three seconds everything's gonna be set
up so three two one yay look at that
setup the clean setup is in this
building all my stuff down there
organize my garbage my whole setup now
does it work does it turn on if it turns
blue it turns on
don't kill me doesn't turn on all right
maybe it's one of these switches it's
one of these switches oh my god guys it
doesn't work it doesn't work but turns
out the power cord in the back the black
one was not turned on but everything is
good to go everything's starting up now
just got the blue the blue is here we
are ready editing the new base never
felt so good but I'm taking a break I
just played some video games and now I'm
partially anything because I'm not
dropping the video today dropping
tomorrow but I'm trying to get as much
done as possible right now
let's see a Silvius name yeah Sophia's
editing won't be Junior Wolfie Junior
hey buddy hi buddy I think I'm gonna
make myself a snack in a second you can
I'm starving
and I might have an energy drink cuz I'm
really running out of energy but all I
want to do right now is kind of eat a
bit and I want to watch some narcos
because the first episode is really
blessed and I really want to continue
watching the show so I'm probably gonna
eat maybe edit my vlog after or maybe I
don't my vlog while I watch the narcos
multitasking is key pet this guy a bit
and then finish my video later before or
at least finish the rough draft of the
video before I go to bed look I don't
know if I said in yesterday's vlog but I
wanted to make tacos for dinner tonight
so we got the tacos I know not the tacos
a ground beef on here and on here
because we don't have like a walker
anything crazy to cook sorry absolute in
my mouth because we don't have a wok or
anything like crazy that can cook a lot
of meat at once the Costco ground beef
comes with a lot of meat to the point
where you actually have to have two pans
at once so we're going to cook all the
meat first we have the cheese we have we
do we do we do we have the seasoning for
the tacos this was on sale and my other
vlog we got the shells we do have
lettuce I don't think we have tomato but
it's fine we have sour cream so we're
good we are cooking on this bitch so
when you're cooking your ground beef
basically you just want to cook it on a
medium medium to high because you don't
want to burn the meat cooking with
Wolfie that I always start with like an
oil in the pan first so today I'm using
avocado oil because diet will be we got
a salt and pepper on top of the stove so
I threw some of that in and a bit of
much
a steak seasoning even though we're
going to be putting the toggles racing I
still like to always have like those as
my basic like how is that word I'm
looking for
friggin solution I don't even know what
I'm trying to say as my basic ah what's
up Adam as my base through my flavouring
so I just put the taco seasoning into
the left one the taco meat is basically
good to go now I'm using the other
ground beef to make basically just some
pasta sauce because me until you don't
have too much time to cook it's better
to cook in bulk so that's what we're
doing right now cooking all the ground
beef separating half of it for tacos
have it for pasta so that tomorrow when
we want to have pasta for dinner
basically all we have to do is cook the
noodles so got to think ahead like that
you got to think ahead like that
chef Wolfie out here let's get it the
problem is guys we don't have really big
Tupperware containers because we played
ourselves so fitting everything in um
those type of our containers is gonna be
a bit of an issue but we will try we
will try and put it in to the best of
our abilities as you guys can see the
tacos are complete there's a lot of
juice in them sour cream cheese lettuce
we are peace so me and Silvia just
watched an episode of narcos and it was
insane like literally it just left you
on the biggest cliffhanger obviously
that's what these TV shows do to suck
you in to keep watching more and more
and more so it is really late at night
but I'm gonna watch one more episode
before I go to bed right now I'm saying
one more episode but I have to be up
really early I'm meeting my mom in the
morning to go somewhere so I can't be
staying up too too late but I'm gonna
end the vlog off here I know this is one
of my shorter vlogs I apologize but we
are officially moved in the house now so
vlogs should be a lot more lit
everything's just slowly been coming
together moving in all the stuff we
needed to move in buying all the things
we didn't have when when we moved into
the house buying groceries setting
everything up we're almost done Silvia
is almost at her office I'm basically
done my office for now because I just
brought my computer from home but I
still am working on upgrading into a
better computer so things are coming
together everything is looking very
blessed anyways I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog if you did make sure to go down
and smash that like button if we can hit
25 thousand likes you guys would make it
boil Wolfie very happy that my tea
do another Twitter and Instagram follow
Surrey so go down and hit that like one
let's hit 25k and if you guys made it to
the end of the blog which probably
wasn't that long for this vlog comment
this down below so I know you made it to
the very end
comment down below Wolfie makes the best
tacos because for dinner I made a
fucking bomb tacos so comment down below
Wolfie makes the best tacos and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always I just fucked
on my buff stay savage leggo
