and your skinny boy won't be welcome
back to more Wolfie you guys say we
don't eat lavish here okay okay all
right then what's this
avocado turkey bacon some little
sandwiches made here oh we are eating
lavish today it's gonna be a good day
I'm already feeling nice I just woke up
having my coffee gonna eat this
breakfast and then we're gonna go out
and bang out the final steps to the
house hopefully I'm going to say that in
luck but hopefully we don't do it again
and again and again and get more things
we're gonna go get lights for Sylvia's
room maybe a rug and then a few other
things but other than that this house
should be coming together very soon all
right so the first stop of the day is
picking up Bongo me and Bob will have to
go a few places so I gotta go grab him
his knee is absolutely fluffed up right
now he injured it playing soccer so this
guy is gonna be hobbling you guys will
see it's terrible I feel so shitty for
him but I'm gonna pick him up so he
doesn't have to drive and we're gonna go
bang out these little errands right now
guys this is the trip you should I've
ever seen this license plate is keynote
one and the Apple Keynote speech is at
one o'clock and I'm watching with the
boys so I don't know it's a sign from
Harambee telling me I'm with Bob hurry
down and we're tripping out so he no one
you know that one so yeah I just drop on
go off at home me and him had to go to
the store really quickly but he has to
go work so I think he's gonna go home
and work for a bit and then he's going
to come meet me at the boy's house
because me and all the boys are gonna
watch the Apple Keynote
talk at 1 o'clock it's like almost 1
o'clock like three minutes I want to
talk right now basically we always watch
the keynote speech because well today
they're announcing the iPhone 7
iPhone 7 holy I want it and they're
also probably announcing the new MacBook
I've had stuff like that I don't know
about iPad but I'm pretty sure they're
announcing the new MacBook which is a
problem because me and David when we
bought our Mac books not too long ago we
didn't want to buy it because we wanted
to hold off until the new one came out
and now the new one is I'm pretty sure
don't quote me on this it's gonna be out
in the speech I'll let you guys know so
it would suck if that laptop just
slapped our laptop because we just
couldn't wait a few months to get it but
no my laptop saved my life so I'm
grateful for my laptop but hopefully the
new ones just not like way better
because
I'll just cry myself to sleep so guys
are watching the Apple Keynote speech
right now and they just announced the
new or not the new iPhone just iOS 10
and now they're about to announce the
new iPhone so I'll let you know what it
comes with but I'm pretty sure a lot of
you guys are watching it cuz I'm home
that's a DS camera or creative guys look
at this camera I didn't seven thanks
game time we want to give you one
example of a game running live from the
agent fusion to show you what it's
capable of
so I'm very excited to bring up edifice
co-founder thought pathways you'll see
me even have been able to add some
really cool about novice Jascha ooh
alright guys so we have two album boxes
from the fan mail and Sean has a knife
and we're about to unbox them because
all of our bows here DJ's here David's
here we're all watching the keynote
event so let's see what we got
sure the owners I did not be night volte
alright so don't be knife Wolfie what
are you what are you doing okay just
give me a blanket just blowing up at
4:00 why you give me random objects stop
all right so let's uh let's open these
boxes right if this was main channel
Wolfie I would have added a sound effect
I decided I'd egg waffles this is one
piece channel right there could be some
insane yeah it says open from under
not your bro bro raw what is what if
there's a guy yeah a dog in open here's
a dog no alright P wolfy jr. yeah I
don't not just shun yeah so Sean's going
a little
clean oh it's that I'm I just absent I
see some Canadian Tire money on outside
that's a Kurt Oh talking Rafi you got a
medal nearly kill hey hold on let this
Lucas
oh let this focus Oh Kenny wolfy raps I
got a medal gold medal Sarge head name
sergeant Eve we got a pool table
dear elbow my name is Hadar and i
absolutely love every single one of your
videos and especially the ones with you
guys together I think you guys should
make a movie together I thank you guys
for making videos because you make my
day oh what the hell is this yo
Dave get some zile
oh my oh my who's Harry I don't think I
am who's DJ don't kill me Wow no you
said you guys are like one direction
except you're more talented and you
can't sing we're definitely more English
that's a rolling white yeah sorry the
cards fell apart so like if you do this
it's supposed to be like a oh that's the
label put about yet we'll put it back
together we will click back together
thank you hadar i think that's how you
say no DJ america more cool bro it's
like school challenge you guys want a
pool challenge hit the like button album
pool chef may be cool that's like Hungry
Hippos you can ask there's max and yeah
chocolate taste test rose this lace is
this fabulous ho good yeah
don't kill all these another yeah just
open one in which open one and we'll
taste it any expiry days for good
probably yeah just you did Yolo
if we die we die Hadar we're blaming you
if we die I'll be then but Yolo
mr. rush all right yeah I want they
don't give you give you this this I'll
take it
yeah I'm not even gonna look what city
row crossly
looks like a chocolate pretzel oh I like
this
but it's lit hmm here we go digging
press Hewitt in this box who wants to do
the honors
no I just want to find out this one's
addressed facility visit but it says for
elbow why does all of us have a movie
all right Soviet this is yours Daisy
like what do we got here what is it I
can't see
Oh yo yo yo Oh Oh takis why don't let me
see those for two seconds or even ya
know let me see for two seconds where
does it say that hey we're happy for
Davis let me see I'm not gonna rip
anything I really want to see this all
day yo yo yo yo yo yo
does anyone ever know where that comes
from like what you need trying to think
of that face bro yeah I don't wear that
that's the hot sauce chaos
yo that's 90% of day with you
roll that oh I I think I see that for
you
pancake our thumb him according to jazz
videos these talkies are extremely high
these are hottest look actually oh good
what does it say on the back hello from
Texas my first video that got me
female voice thanks for David bloody
jawbreaker video we had to binge watch
every elbow video along with subscribe
to all five members channels I hope you
guys like my fan are possibly hanging
somewhere in the Alpha house dope Thank
You him for this joint yeah this is
 amazing oh yeah this is crazy
pronounce that
Kim Yong Kim extra big yang Qi and then
King Kim main trees that's it thank you
thank you for you've it are you been
comment down below if you're a
Vietnamese I don't think so
alright I was gonna find it in the cup
she should have very idea yeah yeah we
wish you can shout you out
hm you know what just comment down below
to let you know Dave does not have
babies yeah definitely does not have how
much so where is it get off but took it
off my literary was amazing alright guys
so we are at a mall picking up food
quickly David and Sean want to try
Panera Bread Vidya is gonna get five
guys and I'm getting Booster Juice
so it's honestly the perfect little mall
that has all the needs that we need and
then we're going to Henry's to pick up
the lights with Sylvia
but I need my mango hurricane shout out
to Ryan sways he actually put me on
those one thing you've ever done that's
like good my life go I want to be
I got to tell them how my experience
went so quality of smoothie I didn't
even get it when I already know what's
great lose their juice you should
sponsor me because I'm giving you check
marks and everything and this is
definitely gonna help you out in the
future so you know I'll even sign date
Wednesday I don't know what date it is
time savage time my writing is terrible
don't judge me you know what wolf your
apps is my signature there you go
and we'll throw it in there this counts
for 50 votes because cuz I'm a savage
get it in here here we go just hold on
just one second okay all right guys we
had to fold it up just gonna shove it in
there and that's how you get sponsor
sponsor me you guys check it out mango
hurricane in action BAM
big straw yeah
you already know time to go meet EJ and
get some fries 5 guys because they have
dope cajun fries and I'm not trying to
eat too much because you know that
Wolfie still alive five guys alright
guys so now we're at bed back and beyond
trying to do my Casey and asked that
alright guys so now we're at Bed Bath
and Beyond and I parked there I'm
getting sylvia her light-up mirror
hopefully I know what it is
we just stopped at Henry's I didn't
really vlog it but uh I copped her the
same lights that are in my room so now
we have lights for her office lights for
my office he's gonna have this and then
her office should be almost complete so
we're making moves so I already found
the mirrors this mirror is 45 times I
can see every pore that's in my nose so
you have to go real close oh my god yeah
you don't know how ugly you are until
you go close to one of these mirrors but
basically Sylvia wants one of these that
lights up so this might be it try me
just try me
whoa whoa why is it making noises so
we're just gonna check these lights out
guys look at how cool this mirror is
ready boom this is exactly what she
wants BAM lights up and you can change
how crazy the lighting is this one just
might be a switch so I'm gonna FaceTime
Sylvia and make sure I get what she
wants now I guess because I don't know
what you want so let me FaceTime I think
boys are looking at some products
freaking out facetiming Bay SD do how
much are you trying to drop on a mirror
how much do you want to spend on the
mirror gather the mirror
you'll spend 300 last alright well ones
300 this ones 269 159 okay guys I'll be
back in a sec I'm gonna figure this out
so guys we ended up going with this a
drove the most expensive one because it
had the brightest light LED lights no no
no yeah the most expensive that's why so
yeah we're getting this add row' guys
coming in a store that sells health
supplies like you realize how much stuff
you're actually missing like we could
definitely use a dish rack we don't have
that I might get that right now to be
honest we have a really small one but I
guess it's big enough for me and Silvia
but there's so much stuff that we could
use here that I didn't get one thing is
this thing squirts out soaking stuff
which you definitely need if you're if
you're just living if you're a human
being so I'm gonna get this and the Oh
utensil okay I'm done alright guys so
now I'm gonna be cooking the chicken
that we have this is like basically the
first actual meal we're gonna have in
our house I'm gonna cook all of the
chicken because I don't want it to go
bad and just keep it in the fridge for
like the next week but basically me
David and DJ and Silvia have been
chilling for a bit Bongo is coming over
later I think and then Shawn might be
coming over because he hasn't seen the
house yet and we're all just hanging out
so this is like the first actual Hey
what we doing here my boy hi everybody
we pretended like we left the house
anyone insane hey coming I don't know
where the pans are and the pots yet in
my new house I think they're over here
okay nothing out there over here
okay guys right now I'm trying to make
chicken but literally I'm realizing I
don't have anything to marrow the
chicken it this is all you need yes all
you need Diana Diana so but I thought
that's restate the Marchman here no we
can't we can't abandon our cy because
I'm using Passover we have pesto and
salt and pepper yeah I'm making chicken
but basically because I'm not in my
parents house we don't have like honey
or anything that I usually marinate my
chicken in so now we only have Montreal
steak spice and I'm going to make pesto
chicken balls slices
we can't have spicy sriracha game let's
get over here
so this is about to be the most boring
chicken salt pepper butter pesto and
then some much upstage space but
honestly it'll still be lit because the
rice will be the rice will give it some
flavor too so just mix it in with the
rice in you're good yeah I got the rice
so it's obviously gonna be
delicious
Jovie I didn't know how to make rice Shh
so can we get can we use that go they
literally looked at the instructions to
make rice so don't trust the things she
said at least we know it's gonna be good
Toby is like do we put it in the
microwave
no in fighting Oh guys so I made my meal
got some barbecue sauce the chicken is
amazing the rice it's alright
so we didn't already job on the rice but
the chickens way better for sure right
so yeah another chicken is way better
so David just left me and Sylvia here
and I can't forget of a wolfy jr. but
look at this watch how good of a boy
he's being we taught him not to attack
our feet but to attack his dog so watch
this
he does not like hey wolfy you don't
like this right ready all right three
two one go kill it get it get it get it
so now he doesn't attack us but he
attacks that and he's tiring self out
which is good which means we will be
able to go to bed with wolfy jr. on like
a regular time check this out little
update we got a fruit bowl holder and
this is no typical fruit bowl holder
this is a DS through Bowl it's huge
we got our avocados that probably have
like a day or two left in them before
they go bad but what are you blogged
alright see that's the problem I haven't
vlogged the vlog that is the vlog that's
supposed to come out today I haven't
vlogged it yet so sorry for the repeat
but it's all good we have our netflix on
we're probably gonna watch another
episode of narcos I read a bunch of
comments there was so many suggestions
on what to watch on TV like as a series
for like every day before we go to bed
so yeah we still have to figure out if
it's not going to be narcos another
series we want to watch like on the
regular hi guys so as I wait for this
vlog to export so I can upload it I'm
gonna taste some of these candies cuz I
was supposed to have them yesterday but
I didn't have them yesterday but it says
like I said treats explore the world
through food and wolfy jr. is hungry
okay buddy what do you want alright guys
so wolfy jr. is going to sleep in the
box
there we go what should we start with we
got some gummies so these are I don't
know how to pronounce that Beiler billar
candies mmm these are good I think I ate
a banana flavor one and I don't rate
banana but I do like the candy I know
it's banana gunshot on the pink ones cuz
there's pink and yellow I think I have a
cold sore on the left side also it
really hurts that you because I have
marshmallow gummy candy okay so all the
ingredients are definitely in Swedish
when I can't read Swedish so I'm gonna
put that down but that I will probably
give that around I'll be loving a 5 out
of 10
I'm definitely had better oh here we go
milk chocolate confection a marabou
chocolate bar this thing's DS this one
just doesn't open if you want a
chocolate bar that's indestructible
boots thing does not rip so the unrep of
old chocolate bar well Jerry is your
typical milk chocolate bar I'll give a
like an 8 out of 10
8.5 I'm gonna save this I'm gonna put in
the fridge for sure my friend put in the
fridge quick
we got the qex bar next which is
chocolate this one looks like a wafer
just by the Texas looks like a wafer
okay chocolate wafer oh you know what
are you doing feed it to the vug alright
guys alright everybody if you're
watching the vlog right now sitting at
home watching the vlog computer here
your phone I don't really care I'm gonna
give you guys a bite so before I give it
bite hit the thumbs up button lets hit
32 like saw this video and then here you
go
there you go yeah delicious all right
time to do some last-minute fan mail
unboxing before I go to bed let me turn
this light on how bright is it ooh look
at that let's get it first thing we
got is from Ethan from Connecticut dear
Wolfie I just recently got into your
videos and I love them shut up team albo
I'm a light skater from Connecticut I'm
trying to get into art and I would love
if you showed my drawing in a video of
course Ethan I got you shout out to the
Toronto Blue Jays logo I'm not even from
Toronto but we still rep we can still
represent Toronto shut it - Ethan this
is amazing but I appreciate you
watching the videos it really means a
lot so thank you even from Connecticut
the next thing we got is from genic
you've seen it Jenna Gibson yeah it's
from Jenna Gibson from Stateville
Ontario Wow you're from Canada the
Canadian out here since ago is not too
far from where I lived so that's so dear
Wolfie and Silvia our names are ELISA
and Jenna we just wanted to tell you
that we love your videos and Silvia you
are really pretty if you open this in a
video and mean the world to us or our
role model to us will be and we love
your snapchat Q&A challenge videos and
DIY Wolfie and Silvia we love your
makeup tutorials and we think your
morning and nighttime routines are
really cute there is their snapchat in
their Instagram go follow them and last
but not least we got something from
Allen from Ottawa autumn Ontario
don't kill me from Ottawa ok blast this
is my town this is where I'm
from I expect something blessed oh no
what
stop if this is a drying I'm dead oh my
god no no no no no this cannot be a
drawing guys guys guys guys guys look at
this look at the detail what no no no
where the wr4 wolfy wraps I'm guessing
that is dope here movie i sub ji
ATK met you at 200k and I'm sending this
at 2.3 million subscribers holy crap
that's actually not too long ago I just
 to hit that Mario to voice
evidences it's a just wanted to thank
you for entertaining and inspire me to
start making videos again no problem
you've been growing so fast lately and
it's crazy to see how far you've come
I hope you continue to drop bangers that
never change hashtag wolf fam for life
PS I hope you enjoy my Zen doodle I
guess that's what this is called a Zen
doodle I made for you and our selfie
with my ugly broccoli cut don't kill me
guys shout out to Alan I don't usually
do this but Instagram here is the
YouTube this is I guess the second
channel and this is the main account go
subscribe to Alan and go comment on the
video
saying Wolfie sent you a though I
remember this this is wavy guys guys
guys hold on let it focus it's your boy
Wolfie beat this you already built up
thrown out the one when I'm taking a
selfie hashtag wolf man at 200k December
12 2015 that just made me feel
oh my god
I just banged my elbow December 12 2015
I was at 200,000 subscribers and to
think not even a year later I'm at like
almost 2.8 million subscribers on the
main channel and almost 900,000
subscribers on this channel like we have
come far guys guys I just oh my god that
just brought back so many damn like
memories like all my videos I felt like
holy we've come a long way in a
short period of time I'm so grateful to
have all you guys supporting me we're
just we're just killing it you
guys already know that though thank you
guys so much on that no I'm going to end
the vlog I hope you guys enjoyed if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
let's hit 25,000 likes because I know
the wolf em easily has that in them so
go down and hit that like button right
now you haven't either right now go away
to say alright go ahead and again all
right hit it another time okay we're
good and if you guys made it to the end
of the blog I want you guys to comment
something down below so that I know you
made it so comment down below this is
art comment down below this is art
because this is artwork holy
 I'm happy about all my family today
and made me smile and I will see you
guys soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more salaries in my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
