good morning ay yo what's good as your
boy wolf we welcome back to more wolfy I
just drank a coffee I chugged a coffee I
woke up late though it's like 12 o'clock
and today I need to drop a main Channel
video so in order to do that I need a
really quick computer my computer isn't
set up at this house so I got to go home
back home to my mom's house my dad's
house my brother's house sister's house
to go use my desktop and just grind out
a video as fast as possible so that I
can come back here but Sylvia's gonna be
doing a bunch of chores today so I'm
gonna take wolfy jr. with me and babysit
the guys and if all goes right today
then we should have basically everything
we need for this house I guess
everything you would possibly need as a
basic supply in a house we should have
by the end of today they arrived at home
and I have some mail time for your boy
wolfy already so if I don't remember
where the knives are and his house been
so long and just get the pizza cutter
hey yay ah I need a regular alright guys
so I got a bunch of treats here from uh
who's it from I can't see hold on treats
explore the world through food so what
are we got in this box we got ginger
sweetest okay Swedish food so we got
ginger Swedish thins marabou okay that
second word is absolutely not gonna come
out of my mouth
all right please we got sweets for my
Swedish I'm gonna try these later okay
reindeers you get it
reindeer slime also means yeah sweets
from Swedish from Sweden and say hi say
Swedish yes okay I meant Sweden ah
PewDiePie shout out to you for
centimetres bro I appreciate it but
seriously I'm gonna try these later I
have to edit all day so I don't have
time to try these yet but I will show
you guys what these taste like we got
raspberry liquorice that's probably
gonna be blessed chocolate cookies for
these gingersnaps Swedish ginger snaps
what's this Singapore Dame I think I've
had this crunchy caramel candy bar I
might have had that when I went to the
States
yeah I'm excited to try this yeah yeah
it's good little lion okay stop playing
with the cats
hey no beefing bro why you hissing on
how they went in like really close to
her yeah yeah okay yeah good job Theo
good job oh they're they're cornering
him they're cornering him they're corner
you will think well my car dying out
when you have to eat the bottom of the
barrel steak stir-fry with no meat in it
because you didn't show up to dinner
last night was my life come to Thomas
you know steak how's the steak stir-fry
when there's no steak I just see cabbage
I'm cheese god damn it feels good to be
back in my room editing I got my dog
food right there baby wipes everything
for the dog everything set up over here
if I need to take a little nap I still
got my match this year so it's blessed
but today my brother better cut my hair
because I have the most disgusting afro
going on right now and I'm trying to fix
it but you know it's not fixable it's
just I just need a haircut so I'm gonna
stay here most of the day and my mom's
just out the back walking the dog right
now we're just taking him out for some
fresh air and then at the end of the day
if my brother has time he'll cut my hair
which would be blessed we're taking a
break he's running away with his hat
taking an edit break ha ha ha you missed
the jump he's gonna run through my legs
run away go take it take it make the
jump buddy make the jump I'm gonna get
it I'm gonna get it I'm about to get it
you better run away ready go
take it Danko I'm coming out you gotta
tire this guy out so I can head in my
video guys it is impossible to edit when
this guy is just here to friggin
entertain you I made him like a bed over
there and he was sleeping with me for
like two hours over there but now I'm
trying to train him how to sit so wolfy
come here coming coming
let's see if you can do it break off a
piece of his treat he's been really good
actually come here put in my hand sit
good boy good boy Wolfie good boy eat
your treat oh my god guys like 14 weeks
no 15 weeks old and he's bawling out on
the trix right now we're gonna do one
more bro you did two in a row let's do
three let's make it three I got to stand
up
to come because he thinks I'm walking
away I'm leaving I'm leaving buddy
oh now you're coming okay here we go
ready hey hey here it is sit good boy
good boy
hey let me break it up for you he knows
how to say you know there sit we told
him all right guys so quick break from
editing wolfy jr. what are you doing
this guy's been in and out of sleep for
the past hour but I'm gonna give my
camera to Sylvia for the day because
she's actually doing stuff and I'm
sitting in my room and editing so I'm
gonna let her hey buddy I'm gonna let
Sylvia take the camera and vlog so if
she does a bad job then she has a bad
job dude do a good job Sylvia Sylvia is
gonna be blogging so here you go take
the camera and I will see you guys later
when I'm done my video and stuff like
out everybody so I'm taking over
Charlie's vlog and I have to admit I'm
probably not the greatest vlogger but
I'm doing a lot more than charlie today
he's just editing all day and I doubt
you guys just want to see him sitting in
a room all day but my day is gonna be a
lot more exciting I'm going to run a
bunch of errands first thing on the list
is going to the grocery store I'm just
going to get a few more things that I
think we need for our place Charlie's
actually letting me drive his car around
today so I'm going to take full
advantage of it I'm going to go
literally everywhere that I've been
wanting to go for like the past forever
let's go just talking so first things
first I'm at the grocery store got to
get a few household items you need some
floor cleaner never bought it before so
I don't really know where it is
but what it looks like I think I'm in
the right aisle so so far so good I
think I found it and it's on sale when
definitely a win I think this is it
oh yeah laminate tiles we're good we're
good
okay what else do I need vinegar and I
don't know something else sugar so if we
have nothing to put this in what I need
like a jar I think something like that
nonstick spray Oh
coconut oil was it's a high up or is
Charlie when I need a baking powder and
baking soda found it pretty proud of
myself for finding these things as I've
honestly never purchased them on my own
before there's nothing mom's bought this
stuff first time actually needs itself
right in place how did you go from being
suspended to being verified I'm here
holy they've hooked it up that's
awesome
Congrats me is telling what's are going
together
and you learn I don't know what the
difference is
okay well so I'd say the shopping trip
was pretty successful end up finding
everything on our list that we needed
which is surprising because I had no
idea where how the stuff was but I did
it so next stop next stop will be a home
son and I don't know Ottawa very well so
I'm gonna have to GPS it so let's hope I
don't get lost and there I'll just get a
few more household
dacor items that we need like a fruit
bowl and I don't know what else but it's
on my list at least a better be
otherwise I totally forget hey Siri
where's the nearest home since I don't
see any matching places misery about
that I'm on my home Terry
can't help the girl out I'm on my own
okay well I gotta do it old school and
put it actually in the GPS what is Siri
good for honestly she never understands
half the I say okay so we have
arrived it took 16 minutes to get here
help me a little farther than charlie
expected me to go so let's not tell him
that I wasted his ass anyways we're here
let's get what we have to get what I
have to get run check my list so I found
a fruit bowl that'll match our kitchen
theme with like the silverware and the
and the stainless steel appliances so I
thought this was cute I don't even know
if it's a really like a fruit bowl that
I wanted so I'm getting it I'm also
considering getting like this little
flower arrangement this vases on sale
it's a little bit chipped on the side
but thing to go for it anyway because I
can just turn it against the wall so you
can see the chip and then I'm kind of
trying to see what flowers I want to put
in it it's a mess right now
but I'm thinking about it and think
about it Charles would think this is
such a waste of money but I want it to
decorate my office found a floor-length
premier I'm trying to purchase it I
don't know if it's going to fit in the
car I really hope it fits in the car
because that's gonna be real interesting
if it doesn't and I don't have Charlie
here to help me so I don't know what
doesn't fit guys working hard working
for his money thank you okay so it
actually fit in the car you guys it took
me a while to figure out how to put the
seats down because this car is different
from like my old car the thing was in
the trunk that I had to use to like pull
it and the seats would go down in the
guy home since it's try to help me and I
just looked like the total newb I
literally looked like a noob he's like
how do you not know how to do your own
seats in your car I got my car anyway so
we finally got it in it's actually a
massive mirror and I ended up getting it
I'm happy because I saw this like a
couple weeks back and it was really
expensive and I was like you know what
I'm just gonna hold off I'm gonna hold
off even though I want it and today it
was on sale and I was like and good
thing Charles is not here because
there's literally no room for anybody
else but me but now I'm kind of in a
pickle because even though I got
everything I needed including the mirror
I have no idea how I'm gonna take it up
by myself because I can't get Charles
cuz he's not gonna fit so I'm gonna have
to go home but yeah I got everything I
needed which is good so now I just have
to figure out how to get it up the
apartment by myself all right wish me
luck time to go back home so I'm back in
our apartment I managed to shuffle the
mirror into our storage unit so I was
okay I got it out of the car I kind of
struggled a little bit but I did it
I did it who needs Charlie I'm just
gonna quickly upload my video here put
the groceries away and then go back to
Mandy's where Charlie is and watch
bachelors in paradise but yeah I ran
errands I got most of what I needed I
was gonna get my lights but it ended up
being closed by time I was dying at home
zones so whatever I'll just get Charlie
to give me his car another day maybe
I'll bring you guys along if you lets me
oh my videos done exporting okay I'm
gonna upload it now I forgot to show you
guys that I actually ended up getting
all this which I probably shouldn't have
it was a little bit expensive but you
know I wanted a little flower
arrangement for my Beauty room it's not
going to stay here I just kind of threw
it here when I walked in but it's so
pretty look at it try this gonna be like
why just why so I'm back my days
when I watch bachelor in paradise and
I'm gonna give the wall camera back to
Charlie if you will be back are you
happy
somebody's happy my puppy give me him
get me happy
you're not happy give it public he wants
me no he loves me look at him you're
trying to him he can't take your blood
there you go alright guys I'm back
hopefully somebody did a good job
blogging I'm assuming she did terrible
right now I'm just choosing a thumbnail
I'm always much of a thumbnails for my
video so one day I want to blog you can
either blog tomorrow that's it get it
maybe guys if you want my mom to do a
vlog one day I don't know how well it's
gonna be the camera is probably gonna be
down here the whole time hit the like
button if you guys hit it if we get like
maybe forty thousand likes on this and
see it what how do you know I don't even
see Alan I'm a veteran I decide I need
to see it guys hip-hop hit the like
button if you hit 40,000 likes my mom
will do a blogger and a sting day
Saturday that's the thing no you have to
make any blog interesting I can make
anything interesting alright so guys hit
that like button and comment down below
we want Manny to do a vlog and then I'll
let her do a lot of it but anyways I got
to finish shooting this thumbnail this
is important so people are making up
rumors and saying wolfy jr. is having
sex with this wolf dog so is that true
are the rumors true buddy neither room
is true if you don't open your eyes in
two seconds they're true
alright guys so Luffy jr. is definitely
having sex with this dog this wolf come
on bro you're not even ten weeks old
okay like 14 weeks old still you don't
even have a penis yet mo come on why is
he so horny
such a young dog we gotta get fixed so I
don't know if I updated you guys on
what's been going on today because
Sylvia had the blog camera all day but I
got verified on foot your Twitter let's
get it literally I was just anything my
vlog and I was like playing with friggin
Wolfie jr. and then I just went on the
Twitter and saw a shitload of
notifications and I was like yo what is
going on and then turns out I got
verified like what the past two weeks
have been an absolute roller coaster
like I got suspended on Twitter I didn't
know why I got suspended on Twitter I
finally got my Twitter back and then
like two days after I got my Twitter
back I got verified which is crazy
because I was like I was talking about
it the other day and I was like imagine
if my Twitter comes back like
unsuspended and I'm verified which
pretty much happened so it could have
been a better day I just dropped the
freakin crazy instant water to lava
magic trick on my main channel some
banger DIY Wolfie is out here house tour
is coming soon that's the next video I'm
uploading on the main channel I just
there's gonna be a lot of just trolls in
that video as you guys can expect from
Wolfie it's crazy still they did a bunch
of stuff today I'm sure you saw it in
the vlog but she's watching the
bachelors in Paradise downstairs with my
mom my dad why I say my dad my mom and
my sister are watching it little update
on my armpit it is still dying but I
told you guys for the past like four
blogs that I was gonna get my hair cut
so I'm waiting for my brother he has
band practice right now he's downstairs
but he said they would cut my hair and
I'm not going home now I'm going back to
my new house without my hair being cut
because it's disgusting and it needs to
happen so the new video is doing well I
got verified like I'm ecstatic right now
but it's 10:45 and I haven't even
started editing my vlog so that's what I
got to do right now I gotta edit this
vlog oh my god I'm just amped right now
I'm on a high I'm literally on a high so
let me pump out this vlog and I'll come
back to you guys I still have the
candies over there I want to try some of
those candies tonight and yeah I hope
you guys watching the vlog are having a
fantastic amazing day
your boy Wolfie loves you I'm grateful
for every single one my followers thank
you for all the support I always say
like
it sounds like a broken record but thank
you thank you thank you we are killing
it road to one metal on more
Wolfie right now road to three mill on
Wolfie raps my main channel right now I
just hit 2.7 million subscribers on the
main channel I had to update my Twitter
bio on that just a lot to be grateful
for right now so I'm feeling blessed I
appreciate every single one of you guys
thank you guys this is the struggle
right now I'm literally editing my vlog
it's really late at night I'm getting my
hair cut at the same time so I can bang
out this vlog for more Wolfie that's how
dedicated I am you gotta stay dedicated
focused and start editing your vlog on a
kitchen table against legit this is real
life here so at least the hair is gonna
be fresh when I'm done so all is still
good alright guys so right now we're in
grade 6 math class we're learning about
straight lines so is this a straight
line comment one if this is the straight
line comment - if this is not a straight
line it looks pretty straight to me my
hair is definitely way more oppression
it was we're finishing up right now so
this is act for giving me a cut of
I'm halfway down my vlog so it's been a
productive haircut if I do say so myself
this is the process of perfection guys
you're getting a first-hand look at
where I get my Costa Rican hair line for
tutorials I'll leave a link in the
description map of Costa Rica mom if you
want my dog I can give you it I won't
watch my dog so bad so guys now that I'm
home I'm going to clear the drain
because in one of our showers actually I
haven't checked we haven't even checked
the second shower yet but I'm just
assuming that the second shower is
probably up too basically we're
having the same problem as my old house
because Silvia has a lot of hair I'm
guessing whoever lived here before us
had a lot of hair so I got the plumber
hair clog stuff you guys saw how well
this works this stuff is lit you
literally just put it in the sink and
then wait like 20 minutes put some warm
water in and then it's good but the
thing is I don't know if it was hair
that clogged it or whatever it out it
could have been that clogged it so I
have the liquid plumr like the original
full clog and I have the one just
strictly for hair so I'm going to
probably which one you want to put in it
you know what we're gonna use the full
clog we are going to use the full clog
and I'm taking it off nope okay full
clog get the full clog all right smells
like poison do not smell it I probably
shouldn't have smelled it but we're just
gonna go full clog guys look how clogged
it is this is already getting clogged so
that's half the bottle there it's
starting to go down there so we'll just
leave it and let it burn everything and
we'll move into the other bathroom and
clean that one out too for the half down
the drain well I went down pretty easily
so I'm pretty sure this one's good but
we'll let it sit so now we wait 15
minutes and then that's pretty much it
let's wait I'll come back in 15 minutes
when we're good alright so it's been 15
minutes turn the water on
and let's see if it just goes down the
drain with no issue kind of smells like
ass but it's still it's going down right
now it is going down the drain
I don't think this one is clogged the
other ones warm and if you have time to
see if this one's fixed please go down
just go down okay so so far it is going
down it's doing pretty well feel better
than it was before so and the water is
nice and warm guys I can only describe
wolfy jr. as being one of those guys
that wants to be a cool kid so bad but
he's literally like five years old and
he's trying to hang out with all the big
boys right buddy it's like 2:00 in the
morning Sylvia is passed out in bed I
went into the room and obviously this
guy just leaped up he said oh my god
someone's a week and just stared at me
hey so right now he's literally
exhausted and he will fall asleep in
like any position but as soon as I walk
up to like go get the hummus go get the
pitas is I'm trying to snack this guy
freaks out and then as soon as I'm near
him watch this watch this
two seconds find your comfy spot and now
he's bulton he's literally about to nap
again because I'm here and then watch
this I'm gonna get up you hears my
footsteps boom that's what I look at
every time every time he's like yo why
he leaving me okay buddy I'll chill with
you I'll chill with you so me and wolfy
jr. are just gonna kick back watch some
TV watch some YouTube videos before bed
my buddy my buddy alright guys so I am
finally tucked into this blanket I think
of it over to bed now because I got a
busy day tomorrow tomorrow I don't think
I'm editing much so I'm gonna try and
bang out all the last errands that we
have not done yet wolfy jr. but I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog if you did
make sure to go down right now and smash
that like button right now I'm gonna hit
25,000 likes because we got verified it
wasn't me we got verified on Twitter
finally everyone made the push and we
made it happen so on that note I want
you guys because you made it to the end
of the video and you're the true
family the savage wolf am I want you
guys to comment down below finally we
got verified that's it finally we got
verified thank you guys so much now I
can go to bed wake up with a
verification checkmark on my Twitter and
I got it on my Instagram so I don't know
what's next we'll see I'll figure out
something but I will see you guys soon
armoire will be where we stay a little
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage
