heyyo musculature werewolf II welcome
back to more Wolfie we are starting the
day off by giving Wolfie jr. a walk
because he is still energetic you would
not stop whining last anybody it's got a
non stop whining last night until we
brought him in bed with us so we're
gonna take him out for a walk and burn
some of his energy off right yes yes
we're gonna burn it off we're gonna burn
it off and then I'm gonna go get my hair
cut because I was supposed to get it
like a few days ago I didn't and it is
beat it is very be right now knowing and
a lot of brushing it there's no
recovering from this so hopefully the
barber can hook your boy up I don't
think my brother can do it today so I
actually have to go to the barber and
then I want to film a video today from
my main channel and of course the vlog
and then I might look into buying my
desktop for the new house too
I'm trying to basically have like the
same computer except a little more DS
here and then like second computer there
on my other house so if there's ever any
situation where I'm stuck at that house
or I'm at that house at that time and I
need to edit a video quick faster than I
can do in my MacBook then I'll have to I
managed to get him to go to sleep after
his little walk right right buddy
you guys don't understand how hard it is
to put wolfy jr. to sleep so because he
is asleep this is amazing now oh god oh
god my nose my nose is running now I'm
gonna use this opportunity to take him
and they take him to my mom's house for
a bit I want over the peel box I also
have a really good idea for a house tour
so you guys know when I have a really
good idea I gotta execute it properly so
there's a few things that I really want
to do today and on a positive note dad
left some of his video supplies here
I mean pretzels are kind of asked but we
have nice Premium Plus crackers now
Silvia bought some bananas
I don't really rate bananas I was like
Peter how about ma√±ana's but we got
bananas you're gonna go to Mom's house
to Grandma's house
okay that's cutie he's such a baby like
he does not go to sleep unless you rub
his belly I guess
rub his belly or you gotta rub his chin
right Hey okay close your eyes I'll rub
your belly look at them slowly close and
they're almost okay thick ahh
close your eyes put your head down buddy
there we go so let's go and let's get a
bunch of stuff done today
oh I really feel empty don't like my
computer room needs friggin a computer
right here like it's just so empty right
now it's crazy how like
after a few days when you think you got
everything there's always like when
you're moving into a new house I guess
well I'm a newer this still but there's
something that you missed like yesterday
we're like hey we got everything you
could possibly need and then we were
looking for vinegar and I was like ah
shit we didn't get vinegar then I was
looking for baking supplies and I was
like ah we didn't get baking soda baking
powder nothing so I wrote another list
to get everything that I think we're
probably gonna have like two or three
more times of this the same situation
happening but if we can get everything
then that's good because from then on
it's just like okay do we need to refill
this yes we need to refill this okay
let's go get it and it's not just like
hey do we have this do we happen no it's
just refill right okay that's wrong we
gave Wolfie jr. to his grandma and now
he's just exploring the grass right all
right this is way better grass than we
have near our house so now that he's
here and he's in good hands just
sleeping in the grass because he went
for a long walk this morning we are
gonna go do all our errands as quick as
possible so that we can come back to him
and then bring it back or we might just
give him to our mom you can have him man
you got the puppy it's so warm so guys I
completely forgotten it's Labor Day
weekend so right now we're gonna hope
and pray we're just gonna pray than any
of the stores we want to go to are open
like I know Shoppers Drug Mart really it
ever closes so I'm pretty sure Shoppers
Drug Mart should be open but my hair
really needs to get fixed and I'm not
sure I checked online to see if the
website is open and the websites pretty
ghetto but it honestly one of the
locations said they were open today
maybe that's just like the regular
schedule because I know it is Labor Day
weekend so everyone at home right now
take a second moment of silence for
Harambee and for me to hopefully get
everything I need to get done today
cuz I wanted to go get lights for
Sylvia's room all this stuff and it
would really suck if everything is
closed I know all the main things are
probably gonna be closed
okay guys moment of truth the bar
is the first stop that we're going to
see is it open or not oh god khepri
market lot is definitely not open
they're not even open on regular days
that we're going to make in time don't
kill me
that's very true it's close
yeah is it there's nobody in it you
played yourself you're gonna have a
bust-up hairline right another day Oh
guys I'm one step away from getting the
Clippers at my house my brother's
slippers and fucking cheering my own
head I'm dead serious
I cannot do it distant I cannot deal
with this haircut anymore
keep your hat on next and wait for
another day
no PL boxes the next aisle let's go you
write what you see on the line for me
total tension from The Beggar's gonna
long
so I think Shoppers Drug Mart is still
open but I'm not quite sure if the
Postal Service in Shoppers Drug Mart
open so probably gonna be one of those
days where I pick up the stuff that I
can pick up but all the stuff that's in
the back which is probably a decent
amount of stuff right now I can't get
but some stuff is better than nothing
right ma'am
yep no okay we're good no I think the
backs are up the back might be a wrap
there's no sign but we'll get what we
can in the box I guess I'm kind of
cheese scratch what I said about the
peel box not being open we got boxes on
boxes for ya boy so that's one thing at
least one positive today pack all the
stuff in the back got some stuff for
elbow a lot more fan mail in that bag
let's go look why are you miles out okay
oh my god oh oh fuck oh okay are you
okay oh how do I hold it why do I always
injure myself who did it oh fuck
oh my god that's actually really bad oh
no guys this is what just happened look
at how much blood is just leaking out of
my leg I literally didn't realize that
this was here I think you can see some
of my skin in my hair oh shit
and I walked by it I was doing a scene
for like my main video and I was just
like I turned around to kick and I was
just boom going right to the ground this
is not fake blood this is real it's
disgusting
this is real let's go get you a band-aid
ah I don't know
and it's another pitch all right so we
are having sandwiches for lunch
we got Miracle Whip stuff like that you
got the lettuce cooking the toasting the
bun Sylvia's doing I don't really care
I'm just so starving it's like three
o'clock and we haven't eaten today yet
so we're gonna eat we got the puppy to
go to bed again amazing yeah my mom
tired him out I guess she said she was
playing with him non-stop so eating is
the next step for sure and then I have
to film the rest of my house too were
you guys receiving the main videos up
why I filmed it in two different parts
and injured myself in the process but
it's gonna be a banger I hope you guys
are excited just stay tuned for that and
then I'm meeting up with jad we have a
meeting today and DJ and Bongo just got
back I think they're in Montreal for a
few days so I'm gonna go see them
because they're at the boys house too oh
yeah I might invite the boys over today
I don't even know where Sean is I don't
think anyone knows where Sean is
but if you guys know where Sean is let
me know in the comments below what is
that
oh so loud toasters loud as hell so I
just finished the meeting I just got
home it was way longer than I thought I
thought it turned the light on was way
longer than I thought it was gonna be it
was like a few hours but it's all good
it went well now I came home to a clean
house Sylvia has been here the whole
time just cleaning things out she said
the dog peed on the bed because he was
scared of the Swiffer apparently he's
really like deathly afraid of the
Swiffer and the vacuum but more of the
Swiffer
so he'll like hide in another room while
you're like doing the Swiffer and stuff
but look what Sylvia did she organized
everything in the closet all my stuff
that was in a bag up top Louie my shirts
over here Matt I mean Sylvia share
closet I guess whatever everything is
organized because everything was like
here but it was in garbage bags it
looked gross we got a we got a cloth
here I don't know what's in here
definitely gonna throw that out but I'd
say one more week in this house and then
everything should be officially like
dope everything should be good to go
because right now I'm just waiting to
build another desktop computer for my
office so they needs to grab lights
tomorrow because we couldn't wrap
anything because nothing was open today
sadly we have a few more things that we
need to organize around here everything
seems pretty good over there the dog is
getting better other than the peeing
incident apparently he had a really good
day like on one person's here apparently
what from Wes olio is saying he's
actually really well behaved because he
can stay around the one person the whole
time and he'll just lay around you but
if there's me and Sylvia here he will go
nuts if one of us is away from the other
because then he has to choose who he has
to divide his attention to and then he
just goes wild so right now he's
actually sleeping like a little good boy
right I said you were sleeping why'd you
get up fall asleep
fall asleep when there's two people you
want to block there see what I'm saying
you squished in between us go to bed
watch this boom sleepy Billy has got a
pizza pops and what are those cafes
strawberries she's watching some TV show
I'm about to edit my blog
guys we got him this stuff for his teeth
basically it is vanilla ginger flavored
and it smells absolutely delicious so
like every time he eats it because he
actually likes it his breath smells
better than Sylvia has to be nice huh
let's grab them right here vanilla
ginger delicious bad for you right cuz I
wake him up
does he live near her aspic thing I
don't harass him guys I don't really
like strawberries I dig about what
because I want something cold
I don't like strawberries that much I
don't weird okay I was pretty good
say what you just said to the camera as
you did to me not that Wolfie jr. you
say it come here come here sit oh good
boy say it I said Wolfie Junior's my
engagement she's like yeah you know you
say stuff like this in the laundry room
her ass you just like play about the
doll can't say anything you just fell
down look at this guy everybody good job
you fell in the crack he's stuck look at
this guy you say I fucked up I fucked up
okay okay I'll bring you up good boy
you're beeping the camera you're using
one camera get out of here buddy me and
so we are about to watch our show on
Netflix I made her wait a few hours
then they have and guess what now I'm
telling you we're not watching it so
we're gonna start a new show from
scratch but I'll tell you what it is
it's not going to be this Quantico then
you complain is not a good show no trust
me
Prison Break new season see if it's on I
used to watch Prison Break all the time
like ours I remember like back in the
day me and my family would literally sit
full days and watch full seasons of
Prison Break like we didn't watch it
when I was actually on TV but we would
watch it after the whole season was
uploaded and we could just watch it
comment down below a show for me and
tell me to watch because I don't watch
too much TV like I said in the last vlog
but if we can find a dope TV series to
watch like I want something that it's
pretty low-key like I know suits is
amazing what are the biggest ones suits
people like narcos apparently as amazing
homeland friends I've seen friends are a
stranger things guys comment whatever
dope show that we can watch and like
just watch one episode at a time here
they're not get to addicted we're
probably gonna get addicted to whatever
it is silvia watches Grey's Anatomy oh I
just finished the 12 velocities what's
up one right there so much blood house
Harrelson is that ah house is a show
rate with the doctor doctor house so
comments on the down below and we will
hopefully watch it right I can't I can't
really I'm addicted I'm literally
addicted I'm addicted
guys this is my strange addiction
peddling the dog look he's asleep so I
decided to watch the narcos right now in
the washer my armpit is killing you look
at this I shaved it again and now I'm
growing a rash on the left side and it
is agonizing like this isn't so much
pain right now holy crap oh yeah we were
watching narcos and then Sylvia and
wolfy jr. fell asleep so they went to
bed I'm finishing oh yeah there we go
the show has a lot of drugs a lot of
shooting it's crazy but I am hooked on
the show so far I've heard narcos is a
dope show so I'm almost on the first
episode it's really dope but I'm still
open to ideas if you guys have any other
ideas comment them down below because
I'm down to watch something before I go
to bed every night and this seems like
it's creep free bus but I'm gonna end up
off there because the episode is just
about done and I'm gonna go cuddle up
with Silvia and movie junior in bed so I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
instead of 23,000 likes we've been going
up slowly and slowly on more Wolfie we
are rising to 1 million subscribers so I
want 25,000 likes so go down right now
if you haven't already and go smash that
like button let's get 25,000 likes for
this blog you feel me let's get and if
you guys made it to the very end of the
vlog I want you guys to comment
something down below just so I know you
made it I know you're an active
supporter I know your true love em so
comment down below this show is crazy
just comment down below this show is
crazy or you could say narcos is crazy
because that's the show I'm watching and
again that is it I hope you guys enjoyed
and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage that helps
