yeah anywhere Wolfie welcome back
tomorrow wolf people touring inside the
video the likes here's my you do
Instagram picture go like it I'm in the
fire was on it let's get it to 300,000
likes little family I'm not even inside
of the video until you like it let's
just kick it until they like I'm with me
and today is gonna be a rough day
because the man's not hot my big shot
remix has officially dropped you guys
know me and big shock have a bit of beef
I don't know why we have so much beef
reject buzz you a big bitch it's just
crazy that there's so much beef between
me and him goes like garden hose you're
gonna fire host your big lives okay we
can flex our all right all day big shock
this is escalated way too far yeah cuz
in life it's just about happiness so
surprise happiness like we Church them
and like he's spread happiness by not
responding but you should have responded
because now we're gonna have to drop
another diss track if this video hits
50,000 likes and you guys already saw
the music video later a hundred thousand
likes oh right that in fact it hits
500,000 you're cool guy I support you
bro asked me on the other hand he's
making an ass out of you and me to be
honest kiss so we have we have to remix
here I do not know any of the guys on
luckily I do you know lethal missile
which is okay all-star MC remix by
lethal missile chip jammie
Krept and Konan I have not even front I
don't know any of them luckily I've
heard of Jimmy and lethal bitch I know
and bro I looked them up and they all
have dumb club yeah I knew that dog okay
so then one song by one of them did set
by who
it's business so I'm gonna privilege I
know in a disaster video UK to the Crypt
set its like anyway we're gonna play
there's no music video but I will still
image here on the bottom let's get into
it
don't make me take two days no check the
statistics actually lethal missiles like
first time you know high for those who
don't know you can trapped like I don't
know much so legal Bissell shuttle to
you because I do a shot it is like
literally like I totally check the
statistics I was a shot who knows I will
see you make shack your small Shack he's
firing shots yeah man said mags not hot
knowing we live in Canada and it's cold
outside
don't be doing that don't do that the
first does that mean don't rape masked
by the temperature rate them from our
skills chill oh no oh yeah this can be
doing it it's what I did not be doing
that shit no easier that's too much
right are we will not know you can this
meat though this my culture in Canada
thanks thanks tree
oh my god
okay regardless of how funny this is
Jake would never do that
we go
must be the let's go
like
hit that like run the comment down below
if you're waiting for the genius page so
that we can understand what's going on I
didn't I couldn't understand one my
honestly I love UK rap like I love grime
I'm into grind these days you guys have
seen my blog I have one place on the
thing is though that iPod should have
been in the video he's up-and-coming you
care artists great rap is flows nuts
sink is crazy I love sugar sitting next
gets ink on the remix and late sync
nowhere were storms yet though that's my
life's throws you off but and skip we're
skip that on the key like so
I believe that four minutes and 50
seconds wanted to learn sign with that
last comic is what it is are you into
wolf you at this chat that's what it
sounds like he's over there one more
time no no no it will let it play out
will let it play out
all right so overall I will radiate
eight out of ten yeah I like the
original song better I'm not gonna lie I
don't know any of those rappers I've
heard some of them I will get to know
though I'll do my research
cuz the UK Drive scene is not my scene
that was your favorite if you want us to
react or to come back with a diss track
because those lines the end are not
gonna slide subscribe to my boy Ryan
Sweeney baby he said in the songs
oh I'll be please subscribe to rice we
see those crazy slowly I give it a 9 and
a half of the 10th for that any reason
like you diss me at that and those kind
of room alright that was me tryin yeah
but I so I'm not even stressed look at
the description to his channel again
like we took a big boom right here
calming the fire boys you start coming
back and like it back which brings me to
my next point
I'll be outside shot wolf your apps will
promote you right here and I will see
you guys soon I'm old to where we stay a
little more sound with my main channel
and as always so you can't
