good morning Ayoo is gonna shoot boy
loafie welcome back to more Wolfie
today I'm gonna go get groceries right
now I wanna go get my hair cut gonna go
figure out some stuff with Twitter
I think jad wants to film a video today
too so I think I'm gonna bang that out
um I still have no update on Twitter I
still don't know how long I'm gonna be
suspended for I still don't know exactly
why I was suspended
honestly it still it just sucks so bad
because I just don't know what's going
on but like I said in my main Channel
video I'm trying to stay positive so
it's all good I'm just gonna keep myself
busy move on keep dropping videos and
that's it so Wolfie jr. is in his little
playpen over there and he's just whining
all morning because uh basically he's
had like no alone time since we autumn
so like we're trying to train him slowly
to be a little more independent I know
he's still a puppy but I wanted to be a
little more independent so we'll put him
in there for like five minutes at a time
and all he'll do is whine and whine and
whine until we take a vote so we're
trying not to give him as quick but
slowly over time our goal is to just put
him in there and have him not whine for
forever basically last night we put him
in his bed over there and he actually
went pee on his feet pod which is good
but we put him over there he was
exhausted last night but then I woke up
to him just whimpering and like he was
at the foot of my bed so I was like ah
fine even though I said I wouldn't lift
you up to come cuddle with your mom and
your dad fucking Oh I'll lift you up so
I lifted him up and he was so happy and
he just passed out in between me and
Silvia for the rest of the morning but
yeah let's start packing my stuff up I'm
gonna go drop by home quickly because my
mom's gonna help me with a few things
and let's get this day started let's do
it we have arrived at the crib
see if the doors open doors locked
Hey open up open up hey Wolfie go for a
walk
hello I hear footsteps who is it
you're ready to take Wolfie Junior for a
walk Cleo mom nobody taking him for a
walk right now guys I just walked in my
house and I got my Twitter back let's go
finally I got an email saying it was the
friggin verified badge I knew it like oh
I'm just so excited right now
I literally just opened it up and I was
like why do I have an egg as my picture
that I could see my following my
followers okay I lost like
I lost all my followers all right
twenty-six thousand followers hopefully
Twitter restores those I'm assuming
Twitter's universe store those oh my god
this is insane guys so currently Twitter
is reloading all my followers I just had
like 27k right now have 100k we're
almost back I changed my picture that
was the problem huh but it's all good I
got my little dog here so now I just got
away for the rest of the followers to
flow in and then I think everything
should be good I'm I'm back oh my god
this is crazy this is crazy so follow me
on Twitter if you haven't already at
Wolfie raps I'm going to be doing a huge
follow street tonight if you guys are
actively getting a follow I want to
follow like minimum 500 people so follow
your boy I'm pretty sure Twitter is
gonna bring back all of my followers but
I'm not quite sure yet I haven't got all
them back yet so if by accident they
unfollowed you when I got suspended
just reef all oh you boy and it's about
to be late okay guys so right now I'm at
Twitter we just met up with some fans my
Twitter what I love was so I'm grabbing
just groceries me and so we're gonna be
making tacos in a few days and there's
three on sale for 399 is that this
regular dad's also buying stuff because
me and dad are filming a video as soon
as we buy this and we just lets offense
shout out to Jeremiah and Evan yeah guys
you guys are ill men and they went to
where I still currently go to high
school that's a man to be happy to go to
see history we go to school alright so
we just finished up with the first
official grocery trip as you can see
guys I went with a lot of the healthy
stuff like I got whole-wheat pita is I
mean it's pita whatever but Orioles
Sylvia got chips Froot Loops more chips
ice cream all that stuff is Sylvia my
stuff is none of that got lettuce my
salad Hey so we're putting them away and
then I'm gonna film fare no jobs gonna
film and then I'm gonna film one of my
videos after guys check this setup up
we're about to shoot dad's video he is
shooting in my house before I'm shooting
in my house essentially yeah bro it
might be shouldn't know actually I shot
my video yesterday yeah I was just like
an update video like this is the first
real video with a set up in my house
yeah before me Sylvia cooked me some
nice breakfast sandwiches homemade and
cucumber GARP and oh boy help feel
Sylvia that's not like you she's eating
your chicken nuggets
but we're gonna be eating good in this
house we did my groceries you guys talk
I'm gonna update you guys probably in a
few days on the house tour so get ready
for that all right guys so what just
happened in my house is me and Chad just
filmed a video so this is what the
aftermath of our videos look like shit
all over the floor luckily we haven't
done our first vacuum session of the day
so it's Jack came at a really good time
but basically me and Chad ate a bunch of
salty foods because me and John are
pretty salty yourself there's a lot to
be salty but right now guys I look you
guys know about the Wolfie there looks
like a Twitter like Frick you know I'll
go get it um the cop or no age
restriction age restricted like like so
we're very salty so we ate a lot of
salty foods if you guys want to see the
aftermath put it this way it didn't end
up too well go to jazz channel
youtube.com slash Chad with a Jay it'll
be a probably in a few days maybe by the
time this is up straight up you know
what else I'm talking about a Harambee
all right guys salty but looking good so
for ramen don't censor me come on sense
of us are so sorry dude I love you get
Silvia's over here with the puppy where
is the puppy oh it's lost
finally yeah you're sleeping you never
sleep buddy go to sleep
so this editing our video everything's
good in the new house it's all good in
the hood
um basically though we got basic cable
for the house because we didn't think
we'd watch too much TV
but then that made me realize how much I
actually walk I don't really watch TV I
don't really watch TV at all but it's
nice to have TV just playing in the
background at all times just to how long
it just makes you feel more productive
even though I'm wearing my headphones I
like taking them off to seeing their
something on TV so we're gonna upgrade
our internet I think today turn on our
TV our Internet is beast though
so we uploaded a video in like three
minutes so shout out to the Internet
thank God we don't have the same
problems I have in my old house I will
have so so we're saying that but yeah my
internet is just about almost as savage
as me now so let's go and you what's
good it's your boy wolf you won't go
back so we're gonna take some of this
stuff and we're gonna snort it now start
it and just sprinkle in a bit into the
water bottle
you know what got these plugs anymore so
we're out here in Wendy's getting my I
saw Jack got food but basically they
just told us to back up our car so we
were just up there and they were just up
there and we all backed up because the
machine's broken what is cool your shits
lit at Wendy's right now you know the
guy the guy told me is beefing the girl
there you know this old fuck are they
fighting oh shit oh shit no I'm not I'm
too lazy to add the sound effects
perfect yeah stop fighting yeah we're
getting ice water so everything's lit
guys day two living at the house and I'm
already forgetting my bag at the old
house so I'm gonna need to take this
back because in order to edit even on my
laptop I need that man everything was in
it but just ran into this dinners here
so might as well dig in while I'm here
you know so I don't have to cook come on
Toby's not the house with wolfy jr.
they're chillin Sylvia's just editing
her video so I came back to grab my bag
eat kick it with Lionel mom what are you
doing down there
why is Lionel not down so yeah I'm just
gonna wait on the food eat and then head
back to the house to go kick it but I
still don't have my desktop there I need
to get my computer in check there
because the laptop is not quick enough
for your boys didn't eat all of so guys
I ate all this salad we did not I hate
all this salad was delicious liar
it was honestly amazing thank you to my
mom for making it but now we're moving
on to the chicken and rice
so guys I'm showing my sister I'm
watching pyrocynical video I always
watched fire cynical and he made a video
on this really creepy YouTube channel so
here's everyone's reaction to seeing him
live this is gonna be good basically
it's a guy who never shows his face
always wears green gloves and has a
weird voice but just listen this voice
is really yummy
some kind of business then the guys go
look at this channel run for the cubed
if you really want to be Creek the fuck
out this is long weird shit so guys I'm
going home now it's always nice to go to
your parents house to eat food because
that means you don't have to cook but
apparently Wolfie jr. is at home and he
has a lot of energy so me and Silvia
have to take him on a walk I think this
is like maybe his fifth walk ever in his
life unless the breeder took them on
walks earlier which I don't think they
would because they were too young but
today I am just very grateful I got my
Twitter back oh my god I can't talk got
my Twitter back still haven't figured
out why my video on my main channel got
age-restricted but one step at a time
honestly the Twitter thing was just a
lot to take in at once because I tweet
an abusive amount I tweet so much so
just going from tweeting a lot to
nothing is just crazy but both mine and
jazz videos that we film today both they
went really well
it's another DIY Wolfie video and I know
you guys really like those so fucking be
really excited about that something else
that I'm worried about my elbow has like
a little bit of a bump on it I don't
know if you guys can see it right on the
right side that was like where I had
those bites earlier so I don't know what
going on with me one thing stops and
then another issue comes and then
another issue comes
so hopefully this isn't a new spider
mite in my new host because I would suck
imagine if I just left this house go to
the new house and the spiders followed
me like they wanted my bags or some shit
and just stalk me to the new house
they're like nah you're not getting away
from shit you killed our brother we're
gonna avenge his death no matter what it
takes
imagine that that would I'm just not
gonna Majan I don't want to talk about
spiders I really want to take Wolfie
Junior on a walk though today like in
the woods or some stuff actually no
that's probably a bad idea when you take
this dog on a walk anywhere that has
grass all he does is just sit down and
sniff it just like my cat's which really
I don't like because I know dogs like
are willing to walk maybe he just has to
grow up a bit but like my cats are
full-grown cats and they just still
don't want to walk they just like
sniffing and eating the grass and
throwing up a cup but it's choosing me
because I know Wolfie jr. has the
potential in him to walk this guy can
walk this guy can run and unless you're
running down the street he won't chase
you he'll just sniff the grass so me and
Silvia have learned to just take him in
the middle of the road so he can't
really wake him probably still smell the
grass but he's far enough away so that
he just focuses on the walking part got
to keep the dog in tip-top shape and hey
maybe the dog will even encourage your
boy Wolfie to get out and walk more so I
don't we've got to be good
Wolfie junior Wolfie Wolfie where are
you
Wolfie where are you Buffy Wolfie I see
you hey I'm home come on I'm here hi I
say you should dream every time hey
buddy hey buddy
hi guys Wolfie junior has got on his
leash I just tired him out for a bit a
me kiss give me kiss he's like no I
tired him out for a bit we're going on
the walk looking look how limp his arms
are though he's so comfortable in the
position he's in right now he's just
like yeah I'm chillin give her dad a
kiss maybe we should give him a bath
he's dirty I'm done we'll give him a
bath clean your eyes look how gucky his
eyes are so god these guys just have
gucky eyes this dodgeball okay we're
still gonna take him on a walk just cuz
I know in an hour he's gonna okay I
can't do this look at him look at him
he's about to fall asleep
he loves his blanket and an hour he's
about to have a burst of energy
no look how exhausted he is right now
because he was like kissing me he's like
dad put me down but bro we're gonna take
you out for your own good cuz I know but
right before your bed you go crazy I
know so we're just gonna tire you it's
just quick okay cease kissing me as soon
as we got so tired man he kisses me like
this you know he's like just please put
me down oh my god yeah it's like okay
okay
usually you bite me but your kissy come
on buddy the hack when walking a dog is
to bring his toy so that he chases it
like this and he'll never catch up to it
that's the problem
let's go let's go come on Brent let's go
follow my feet follow my feet Wolfie
follow my feet he keeps drifting to the
side because that's where you can smell
the grass no no side just follow your
toy come here we got a tire you oh so
you can sleep if we don't tire you oh
you're not gonna sleep so come on yeah
yeah come on chase it chase the toy go
go good boy
come on come on come on before we
brought out the toy he was really scared
cuz we're it is pretty late at night but
buddy you don't sleep so all right guys
it's time for Wolfie Junior's back are
you ready I literally just woke him up
to beta last time we took him in the
bath we took him in the shower and it
was really scary experience he got
really cold I know you're so tired very
good this time it's gonna be a better
experience we're getting warm water
we got his toothpaste we got his soap
doggie soap it's time ready how warm is
it oh look at him
bring him to the water this for anyway
sir hi buddy
this is way better than last time yeah
he didn't fit baby drinking water his
paws are so small in the you can
actually see them I know you're cold you
got a wash
guys look at wolfy Junior a doubt he's
such a small little guy don't lick the
water yeah I get a baby wipes
Wolfie Union is not like the back he
does not like the back when you're clean
you're clean stay calm
look at this little dog nuzzled up in
the blanket we got the heater going he's
literally so tired and still wet we're
drying him off right now but he wants to
just cuddle because it's so warm hey
buddy see you won't even wake up he's
mad he's mater that's right now because
so you guys bathed me it's so cold
oh we love you buddy show you show your
face little guy hey so I just posted on
my Twitter who wants a follow we're
about to do a huge follow spree on
Twitter
oh my god it's lettuce fuck it is so let
two thousand retweets in two thousand
likes in 37 seconds okay here we go
so let me just follow I said I was going
to follow a lot of people we got swaggy
bears Chris oh shit there we go Chris
Megan Raphael boom boom ah okay Bam Bam
Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
Bam boom boom boom boom boom Joey
yeah yet yet there we go follows for
days you want to talk about falls free I
set a minimum following to like a
thousand I'm only out like 613 right now
so let's check on me I just followed I
just followed around 50 so I got I got
quite a few left wolfy jr. is completely
dry right swag swag swag and the Twitter
is active as hell right now so here we
go so via you want to follow yeah
everytime we just are watching a show
together oh yeah
me and still you just are watching a new
show because we got a new house so we
got to start a new show what's it called
Quantico Quantico on Netflix it's pretty
good we're not sponsored by this show
we're only on the second episode what's
it about
here you explain what it's about these
FBI trainee agents who are here you go
I'm gonna follow more people well you
guys come back to me by the way I will
be following like another 50 minimum so
well let's do the retweets now oh yes
you can explain it so I always try and
get Charlie to watch my shows with me
but he never does because he just like
doesn't have the attention
man for it type feeling no I don't watch
too many shoes like I can watch like
three episodes in a row no problem and
Charlie Lake will be done after 10
minutes anyways I'm trying to get me to
watch this new show with me so every
night when we cut a little feature we
can just like watch some of the show and
it's called Quantico this is the second
episode and so far it's pretty good and
I'm a harsh critic when it comes to
shows because I watched so many it's
what these FBI agents and they're all
like suspects in this giant explosion
that happened so that's all I'm going to
say guys I just followed another 50 more
I followed 100 so far over a hundred
people are going off this is lit as hell
your Twitter is like active AF right now
guys my Twitter is active if you guys
aren't following I'm on band like I said
so fucking follow me and here we go Sara
Elizabeth followed
um we got Luke buy me a taco I got you
on a follow just both while we watch our
show because I'm trying to watch this
hold on guys this I'm a mini retweets
and shit you know what I like people
that retain my stuff more than people
get like my stuff so I'm going to go to
the retweets and follow another like 50
you can't multitask and so I've already
followed over 200 so let me just feat
already
follow all the really active people only
actives are getting only actives are
getting a follow Pilsner every time if
you're not active you don't get a follow
but it's really hard to tell that
actually guys don't think I don't notice
you I know like the hundred people that
like and favorite on my shit shout out
to you guys you guys are the best
wolfy jr. is one of those people right
he'll literally be like oh this person
like they always I can't start like you
know oh I know you like you
he's been so cuddly after his ah
homemade rice crackers I've made them
from scratch housing I'm gonna cast
you always do this ah don't over answer
how can you catch this and you rather
I'm not good at throwing to be an old
okay ready
not like a frisbee this is me no okay
this okay ready this I'm not good at
this I guess okay thank you you one
throwing lesson
breezy I told you you live here
it tells you I'm not going good at
throwing like that I'm gonna throw it
how I know how to throw I got overhand
fries ready you try right here I go here
I go
wait something okay Oh
homegirl run
oh go we're not gonna make it
she's gaining on you
she's right behind you where anything is
going oh she's gonna kill herself
we talking along the TV no my reaction
is better that that jump was so
unnecessary they're like what you okay
it's a standoff she's trying to explain
to her that she's not guilty guys this
new Internet is absolutely disgusting it
just uploaded my video in like three
minutes three minutes I was just like
sitting here I was like hey I got up
like write the description and all that
by the time I was halfway done that my
videos like 77% 30 seconds remaining
that's what come on Belle like show it
to Belle you guys are real but me and
Silvia seriously have to get better TV
because we only have like five channels
why don't we um better to be when you're
doing the watch Netflix even though I
told your face just just to listen we
have it's just a listen I know I wanted
to action when you just just elicit
sometimes and just to listen it's just
shit listen listen it's just to listen
yes thank you you're not yes don't
listen it's just a late-night snack
consists of an avocado and some hummus
because I got some pitas earlier and
avocados are already gonna go bad and I
have some pita and hummus which is
delicious I got my outfit on a shower
and and some avocado don't have lemon
juice because we didn't buy lemon juice
yet I'm kind of cheese as I always put
it on huh but we do have but we do have
a lemon from the salad so this is
innovation and then there's a trick that
you want to do with your avocados to
take the center out oh my god this is so
green this looks bless hit it once twist
and it comes out like a charm and just
squeeze it get all the lemon juice on
top so we got an avocado with lemon
juice and salt on it and then our hummus
this guy has not stopped running around
for the past half an hour you guys saw
how tired he was when he took a shower
or his bath and now he's just going off
again even though likes plated it for so
long
how do puppies have so much energy we'll
never know all right oh my
add why is there 600 billion pillows on
the bed we are going to bed now buddy
right no you're not coming on the bed
tonight we're going to bed now because I
was falling asleep during the show it's
pretty early but the days have been
wearing me out earlier than usual and
the dog is a lot to take care of so he
has been tiring your boy out so
hopefully even go to bed soon before me
and Silvia it doesn't really seem to be
too tired right now so we can have our
alone time in the bed all I want is a
longtime buddy just go to bed
stop buying everything you see please so
let me just pull back these 600 billion
pillows and get into bed asleep so me
and Silvia trying to lay down and this
is our view right now this is what we
have to look at every two seconds he
wants to come on the bed so bad I know
you want to come on a bed this way I
might end the vlog off there I gotta
take care of Wolfie you near the new
deist puppy in the world I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did make sure to give it
a big thumbs up let's smash 23,000
thumbs up because just because got my
Twitter back everything's been going
better a little bit better lately also
if you guys made it to the very end of
the vlog I want you guys to comment
something down below so I know you guys
are the true most savage of the wolf fam
so comment down below chill wolfy jr.
chill because this guy needs to kill and
I will see you guys soon are more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
than my main channel and as always stay
savage Wow
