good morning and you always give us your
Wolfie welcome back to Milwaukee I just
moved a few more things to the new house
my desk uh set on my parents did that
yesterday but right now we are at the
house and we're waiting for the internet
people to come and the TV people to come
and set up everything because right now
being at a house without internet and TV
is a little bit stressful for me the dog
is whining like crazy hey we'll take you
out take you so yeah that's pretty damn
early in the morning we just got here
when Internet people give you a time
frame of when they're supposed to be
here and it's pretty wide but
this one luckily was only like four or
five hours I mean that's still pretty
bad so hopefully we're not sitting at
this house for too long without any
internet I just want to watch you drew
which one upload video you know so we're
going up to Home Depot to get a plunger
and a screwdriver set but they have a
new subway in there so I played myself
getting my coffee and my bagel because I
might just get a sub instead so
I ate one bagel probably gonna get a sub
hopefully it's actually open it doesn't
look open okay I didn't play myself oh
39 is that way
we're looking for our 39:34 3 no that
goes up to 34 because he pointed this
way guys we're looking for the plunger
the guy said it's aisle 39 got a few
things that I didn't come here to buy
but impulse buys
and then gotta get the plunger and a
screwdriver set ok 37 38 39 there's a
billion aisles and home depot this is
huge guys we found the plungers we found
the plungers now do we get a DS plunger
was this one non like it doesn't like
wringing out water with it no it's just
a plunger but it has a case ok so we got
a nice little blue plunger or our
typical black plunger and what's that
one do oh I don't really like those ones
how much is it double the money what are
those things over there which one would
you get pica blue just like good fun is
upon your world if you want a case for
it yeah actually pica blue it is so I'm
dropping my subway to grab food to bring
back to cilia and
they have pineapples now as a topic for
this up but it's worth coming to you
guys I'm driving it doesn't just sit
through the process come over here look
at these niggas he's leading them what
color is that Lance is leading them that
that's Great Britain leading them
followed by Sweden is that Sweden legit
I swear they're all from different
places this man's taken off he's
actually competing it's a gap got Japan
right there and then I could old Canada
in the back no it's Jeff baby hey baby
sleepy sleepy you're chilling in your
nice playpen good boy good boy so
apparently the electric room was locked
for the guy to come in and set up the
internet but Sylvia was saying he used
his screwdriver to bust open the lock so
that he could connect our internet so
shout out to the guy here with bail your
your Jeep I went to been able to last
another day without internet so we need
that right now
so me and Destin are gonna set up
everything now that we have a hammer and
all the equipment let's bang this out
and then we're doing a grocery run today
after everything is set up which is good
I got my plunger I got the peekaboo one
some pads I didn't get no bitch hammer
you feel me I got a DS hammer husky
let's go it says husky it's a sign we
have to get a palm ski right so yeah
sure I can set up now we're good
actually
this oh yeah over there next is the
dresser I don't know why there's a drill
here but this stuff definitely doesn't
come with the IKEA so we're gonna
figure it out using just the simple
tools we don't need this drill I don't
know why my dad brought this drill okay
see what we could do it's almost done so
I got the lights set up to my room the
double desk I made it into a DS l desk
instead of my original l best I turn the
lights off now because there's no light
on the ceiling as of now we have to get
them installed but these lights just
check out right there I got new lights
that don't have a fidgety cable look at
this BAM
one light pulled up grab the wire and a
3-2 yeah all I know is these lights are
definitely good enough I'm gonna set my
computer up here I think I'm getting a
new one one monitor to monitor is this
gonna be dope this is like the side
table has everything I need
it's game over it is so game over cut my
damn Mighty Muggs right here money looks
in the back mini-fridges plugged in like
Internet is gonna be up in five minutes
so everything is going really good today
but right now we're driving back to
Costco I'm returning my vacuum because I
got the wrong one
I thought it was a boy my parents out
but if it turns out it's not so he's at
home puppy sitting the puppy but he's
finally getting a lot more space in the
new house there's no cats on the ground
to eat him up so he's chillin doesn't
really pissed their pooped on the floor
too much so far so everything's going
pretty well
yeah too much
and that loves the dog YouTube is trying
to Merc me now that Twitter tried
merging me I haven't talked about it on
my vlog yet but yeah I'm suspended on
Twitter you guys see that I don't know
why I'm suspended on Twitter because I
don't get an email about it so I'm
trying to appeal that maybe I had
something to do with the diss track that
wasn't really a diss track I don't know
we're gonna figure it out hopefully I
get that back soon in the next couple of
days also YouTube is trying to Merc me
with age restricting my gum video like
how is that a gesture I don't know these
new YouTube policies are chasing me so
hopefully we can get that sorted out -
I'm trying to stay positive very
stressed out right now
but whatever so yeah we're going to cost
them to get some groceries for the house
just like the basics body wash a new
razor for my gross fascia layer and
prepubescent mustache and also I think I
might get Advil and allergy medicine
like just the basic drugs you need in a
house hopefully I can return this vacuum
because I didn't bring the receipt
should be should be fine well yeah guys
I bought this one and it has a cord and
this is the one I meant to buy the one
of my parents have but this one cost
like way more so I think I'm just
I literally just returned it and I'm
about to buy it again I wish I was
willing to drop to 600 on a vacuum so
the next step is building this exact
same vacuum that we just had it was an
absolute flop last time but I put this
thing together so I can vacuum the floor
so Wolfie jr. stops eating everything in
the damn house if you can find his
friggin eyes on any crumb he'll eat it
so I got a vacuum the house and then we
have to go get the last second groceries
like there's a lot of stuff at cost
though that we didn't need right now
basically this what we just got they got
the essentials so chicken fingers cuz me
and Sophia kind of love those sausages
as it's better to buy those in bulk we
got chicken thighs they're always good
beef just your typical ground beef and
then in the fridge we can have much just
baby cucumbers so far peppers without
pears I don't know where the apples are
but we definitely got apples I think my
mom took that ago photography
even though she said she didn't take one
so there's a few more like little
vegetables you got and then we're gonna
go buy like pasta pasta sauce just stuff
we can make in bulk one day or two days
of the week that we can just have for
the rest of the week up to eat okay
never mind I forgot about some of the
groceries I'm a huge Caesar salad you
already know what it is put my bread it
to the side squeeze that in here what
we get quinoa that will be for me so he
doesn't really eat that man hummus
lots of hummus cheese asparagus the
typical seasoning you need for
everything The Keg Montreal steak spice
this is amazing
avocados we got broccoli and a few more
essentials like ketchup mouthwash q-tips
you know next step is to place this
plastic stuff this bubble stuff on the
bottom of every drawer so that it has a
nice grip and it's easy to clean because
we're clean freeze so let's see if it
works
please sit nice grab your knives and now
they have grip keep that that's gold
look at that clean drawer it's not going
anywhere
yes hey I love you but you guys stop
working it's really hard they're not
given and let wolfy junior out but I
know he's gonna whine a lot so we just
got to deal with it we already took you
where are you thank you okay the test is
real low-key I love you but stop so guys
wolfy juniors walking routine consists
of this guy sprinted as fast as he could
after us for like probably like 200
meters and now he's like deathly tired
so he doesn't really want to walk so he
made us carry him actually let's see if
he walked right now ready
that's about come on Betty come on come
on high seas grass well they come you
gotta walk him away from grass wolfy
Junior junior come come here come on
there's too many things on the ground
music what's this what's this okay I'm
coming what's this stop exploring you
have leaves on you that's a car that's a
car buddy like what's that let's go
buddy let's keep walking he's like yeah
I'll keep walking let's put him in the
high grass oh my gosh see what he does
in this high grass guys this is his
first time in tall grass
Danny frolic he's like now I'm sleeping
he's just sniffing around this is new
this is a new world to you hey you ever
fly in your head are you peeing guys
this is what it's like to walk a little
puppy
they just chill which is annoying you
literally just in the house he
was biting our feet for like the past 30
minutes past our and I was getting fed
up and I was like hey we'll just take
him on a walk as soon as you take him on
a walk guys like now I'm asleep I'm
asleep give me kiss give me one kiss
give me kiss you got do it for the cam
guess guess you were linking me earlier
no I got it we got home and he's
drinking his water anyway hey Junior
Wolfie Wolfie she's coming bring your
food come get your food new water eat up
you had a long walk actually not Hurley
drink drink your water wellthey good boy
now he's working that for sure are you
pooched comely comely lay down let's
play games spot the dog where is he do
you see the dog where's the dog I don't
see the dog is this the dog hello
Wolfie Junior he's so tired first dinner
in the new house we got chicken fingers
salad asparagus shout-out to Silvia for
cooking me
some yummy dinner because I was just
filming a video and I didn't have time
to cook so I got the next dinner for
sure look how delicious this is wolfy
jr. what he wants food to go food you
were just sleeping buddy guys another
late night vanilla cone run and another
late night McDonald's machine being
broken ice cream machine I thought I
told you in one of my last vlog step
your game up
why have you not step your game up like
it's a simple thing ice cream is
probably the easiest thing to make there
so what's going on wolfy jr. is getting
impatient back there he's falling asleep
that's all I want just we just want our
vanilla cones and everything's fine but
yeah I was just at my old house it's
funny to say that now for a while I just
edited two videos that are edited a vlog
and then I edited my main channel video
where I talked about the Twitter
situation so you guys know what's up now
it feels so weird but I am leaving that
house and going home home to my new home
alright I am going home home and we're
gonna we're gonna try the other
McDonald's because you know usually one
machine's broken another one sometimes
it works but honestly I'm calling it
right now I'm calling this machine not
working either just because we've been
to this one a few times no but they're
always going through maintenance I swear
it sound like a certain time yeah
probably 12:40 this one usually has it
that's the one we usually go to so guys
this is gonna be our first sleep in the
new house and even nap nothing
everything's clean right you mean the
sheets
yeah we just we just have to put them on
the bed
the sheets on the bed at wolfies dangers
passed out he's been all about Brad he
has been a free and Brad today so we're
gonna put them in the bed next to our
bed but our bed is way too high off the
ground so there's no way that he can get
up so if we wake up in the morning to
the middle of like well he needs to be
more individual that's what we're trying
to teach him like he has not been away
from a human since we got a base like we
went down and took the trash out and for
literally two minutes three that's kind
of okay I think we're just gonna start
leaving him for longer periods of time
obviously not too long as he's still a
puppy just like leaving him in the
playpen for a little bit if we're in the
apartment exactly just so he can get
used to the space because I can't stay
with the little guy every minute of
every hour for the rest of our lives
even though we wish we could cutie I
don't know if you guys are seeing that
but those are pylons which means this
drive-thru is closed so that's a double
slap in the face moving on to the third
McDonald's there's one more in the area
we're not traveling far for these guys
I'm it is like a lot of you tunnel to
their area yeah literally these are
always in like an arms or a wingspan
I'll bet that it's open
but there's no nice game
if this mcdonald's lets us down what do
you think I'm thinking that God just
hates us needs to sponsor me so that we
can have an ice-cream machine in our
house McDonald's I would give you the
best shirt out of your life just
consider it and then just we found a
McDonald's that is actually open but now
they're low on chocolate it's you mean
it they're low on chocolate for my hot
fudge sundae but they are open that's
what I get for going for a hot percent
another coin you know we went through so
much effort for you you better be worth
it alright I am officially in the new
office space but I'm about to go to bed
wolfy jr. just has too much damn energy
so I'm going to wear this guy out and
then pass out you guys know I have been
so tired the past couple days and I
haven't been able to get a good sleep so
tomorrow I'm sleeping in I don't give a
 I got my own little office space
here with all my video supplies there's
a lot of space there but I'm gonna end
up far off there I hope you guys enjoyed
if you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up this is my first time
sleeping in my new house so this is
pretty blessed if we can get to twenty
three thousand likes that'll be amazing
and if you guys made it to the very end
of the vlog I want you guys to comment
down below
damn that's great because this light and
the other one I'm so bright like
legit I don't even need a light up at
the top of the room these two lights are
filling up all the rooms so it's all
good anyways again I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog and I will see you guys
soon
not more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more savage my main channel and as
always stay savage I know
