good morning what's gonna ship we're
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy today
is moving date Rey Lionel moving day he
said got a bunch of stuff packed up here
just finished with the downstairs
bathroom going to the place now to
essentially go get our keys and then
move all of the small stuff we're gonna
move all the small stuff first and then
we have our truck rented for like 3 p.m.
so we're gonna grab that and then use
the track to get all the big stuff so my
car and my mom's car are absolutely
packed to the brim so we're gonna bring
over everything in those two cars first
and I'll bring you guys along for the
journey off to the crib right now oh my
god I feel like shit we're packing to
the late nights my mom's right there
let's get it okay guys so it's only been
like one hour and we have some stuff in
the back
David's helping out now my mom is
helping out she's in front of us
basically everything is looking good so
that we can get all the small stuff done
by three o'clock I don't want to show
you guys the house yet I will show you
guys the house at the end of the day
when there's shit lying everywhere
hopefully it's not lying everywhere but
and I'll give you the real house turn
sylia might give you a house too but I'm
still gonna give you guys some sort of
look because I know a lot of you guys
have probably been waiting to see what
like where where you move will be like
what's the house looking like so I'm
going to show you a little bit of a tour
tonight
nothing crazy because I want to give a
nice tour just like Sylvia wants to do
when everything's set up
so we're in the new house right now
setting up the little playpen and it is
huge for Wolfie jr. we still have a
bunch of time to unpack a lot of this
stuff but Sylvia is gonna basically do
all her stuff later for now we're gonna
mainly do this and then I think we're
gonna go to Costco or Best Buy and buy a
TV because I need that and by that time
we should be ready to pick up the u-haul
and do all the IKEA stuff but for now
we're just figuring out how to take off
one of these arms okay guys so this
thing basically my mom threw the one of
these pieces and so basically this thing
is supposed to rest on like this little
middle plate where's the metal plate
toast the rest on this so that when
you're drying the dishes all the
can go down here but basically it can't
stand up right now I'll show you why why
didn't it stand up what so my mom
screwed it up so we're gonna miss you
back to Ikea and basically exchange
another metal piece because you know
IKEA
you should've gave us extra because look
at this it wobbles now it's so off
center so IKEA we're coming so we're at
the u-haul place right now and it just
happens to be right across the street
from Ikea it must have done that on
purpose you can almost see it right
there so I'm picking up the truck over
there there's two vans I know three vans
one truck the pickup truck is what we're
getting last time I drove that I fucking
crashed into the car so
wasn't a big crash I'm under the blood
get past that for a sec the sign guys
they left the for sale or for rent sign
in the front and they didn't even take
it out like well kinda what kind of
fucking guy you think I am got three
seats here we go so we just arrived at
IKEA parked in absolute Narnia because
I'm new to this fucking truck driving
but today is a sad day there will be no
wolfy puns it's all good but we just
have a purpose today not trying to fuck
around we're on a tight schedule do you
have your vitamin D that wasn't that
scare mom
Silvia and my mom measured the desk
space or cutlery holders with their
phones because we didn't have measuring
tape so the like ATS
two phones will hide three phones look
at that is that not gonna fit okay well
that's not getting if it's not gonna fit
three and a half phones alone three and
a half phones long yes that's two phones
I'm not getting it I like the great ones
the great ones are down here apparently
this is standard drawer size 15 inches
so if this doesn't fit mom it's all my
fault it's your fault
that's $0.99 so why do you get
alright I'll get one of these too
alright so basically this is what my mom
got except she took out one of the vital
pieces the vital pieces boom why is it
just chilling here display only alright
IKEA you understand this we need this
and it just happened to be sitting there
so it is what it is I'm just joking I'll
put it back alright guys so we are
packed up we got some next-level
spiderweb convention but the truck is
fully packed like perfect space so we're
gonna go to Henry's the camera store
because I want to pick up a light now
that I have the truck I might as well
throw it in there then then we're gonna
go to the new house and drop all this
shit off I'm with Dustin and David right
now and then we're gonna go back to my
old house grab a few more things that
only fit in the truck and bring them so
hopefully Oh
whose hand is this just just uh it's not
what I do in the horn all right so so
what alright see you guys in a bit yo
opening up okay open up open up alright
alright
Oh that'd be the fuckin car who's man
let this dude get a Yolo license plate
bro driving in a hoodie and you got a
Yolo license plate recorder you have a
nice time lapse care stop
look at this guy's time lapse perfect so
everything's good we almost got into
about three different car crashes but
we're good right best by copying the
best buy of the TV get it big city
black Porsche where is the most
expensive curved TV you got I'll take it
look at this fucking curve what
that's a curved one too how much only
six grand will take six guys we found a
$15,000 TV we were Dustin is likkle
compared to the TV it's curved from wall
to wall that curve why is it more than
my house like what
what is it playing yeah the UN thing ah
just three just 4k resolution it means
most of the stuff in but we forgot the
mattress right now I'm taking a break
eating some pasta my sister made busy so
so we're gonna eat quickly and then
we're gonna bring the mattress back me
and Silvia and then I'm going to take
the u-haul back I don't want the truck
anymore I'm tired of driving me it's too
big I like my little Mouser better I
wasn't I wasn't I wasn't I guess see it
Cleo I know I haven't given you too much
attention the past couple days we come
here this is basically all we got setup
in this room just in case we have to
film before we go and look at the best
thing that's the best thing the best
thing look at this
who's man is this clear come here come
here
I'm sorry
and I love you to come to your spot on
my shoulder you guys check this out
I literally cleared this room out in a
day boom
simplicity at its finest like literally
nothing Sylvia had clothes on clothes on
clothes where'd it go Cleo you are a lot
bigger than my puppy so right now we're
grabbing this mattress and we're gonna
bring the mattress because we fucking
forgot it ok ok ok ok ok wait alright
guys so I'm saying goodbye to the u-haul
I love you good time keys rental
contract ok I'm confused where you going
ok guys so we dropped off the key
hopefully everything went well because
we forgot our rental contract the place
where you drop the key is not the most
secure so hopefully our keys not stolen
no see so we're at the house and we're
trying to set up the TV and the table
for the TV the TV stand it turns out you
know we thought IKEA came with
everything fuckin built IKEA shit I
should know this you need the basic
screwdriver to do basically anything so
I'm gonna go back home to go grab a
screwdriver and bring Silvia her pajamas
because we're sleeping there tonight
because we don't have internet nothing
here
I just wanted to build a few things get
a kick start on that so we're gonna go
grab the screwdriver and then come back
and then hopefully put this shit
together because this is the biggest
flop ever we're trying to be productive
and flopped on us Oh guys that's a good
feeling
legit the TV is up guys this is it dave
is ripping off the plastic go ahead
busting nuts I know a lot of you guys at
home are like that's a piercing right
now peel porn let me grab this one
listen to this sound guys ready Oh God
oh all right so we're going in Spanish
right yeah all right guys so I am
officially home now
not at my new house but at my home you
know just chilling I just got back I
dropped David and Dustin off I am so
fucking exhausted right now like
literally I've been up since 8:00 a.m.
and I've been moving non-stop like a
legit have barely tweeted I've barely
talked on snapchat like barely done
anything nearly texted people didn't
answer any calls feel like I've been
away from the world for a full day just
moving and all the main stuff is
officially moved into the new house so
that's good but we still don't have an
internet which is terrible because a
bunch of the stuff we wanted to set up
required internet to do anything you
need Internet these days so that's gonna
happen in a few days I'm looking forward
to that we still need to set up
everything that's gonna be a pain in the
ass we just did the TV in the stand
today
that was the basic stuff and even that
we forgot the screwdriver so we have to
go get them come back just learning all
the basics right now just us not having
the screwdriver is a big thing like we
gotta go get a screwdriver set for the
house because apparently you need that
but you guys don't understand I am so
excited to just go up curl up in a ball
like taking off my shirt my shorts I
don't really have any clothes here
because they're all at the new house
hopefully I could find something to put
on I just want to cuddle with Silvia I
just want to cuddle with will be junior
right now and tomorrow is another hectic
day because I haven't edited a full day
in a minute so I got to do that for my
main channel so I'm gonna end the vlog
off here I hope you guys enjoyed if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
let's smash 23,000 likes wolf em we're
too late right now I know I'm really
busy moving in right now and I know I'm
not giving you guys the craziest most
exciting vlogs I know I'm not sharing
too much with you yet but I want to give
you guys a big surprise on one
everything's done
don't worry both me and Silvia are gonna
be dropping videos of the house so you
guys will see a lot of it Cleo is just
there curled up in a ball I have not
given her attention in a minute so I'm
just gonna cuddle her for a bit so if
you guys made it to the end of the vlog
I want you guys to comment down below we
still love you Cleo we still love you
feel because Cleo is not beginning
enough love and since Wolfie jr. came
around so I feel bad anyways that is it
for today's video I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always I need to fucking
shower
stay Savage
