good morning a yo what's gonna ship
we're wolfy welcome back to more wealthy
right now I'm chillin with Silvia and
the dog are a puppy
hey sleep H forgive me no should it be
alright he doesn't care what me we are
about to shoot a video or I'm gonna help
Silvia shoot a video you guys will see
it's gonna be a banger big big big moves
happening right now so I will fill you
in I can't tell you guys what it is it's
a secret video but you guys will see it
on her channel when it drops and your
boys gonna be doing some camerawork on
it so if the camera work is amazing then
you know it was it was for me and then
after that we have a few errands to run
because tomorrow is the day that we are
at least moving some of the stuff out I
got down to my head that we're gonna
move everything out in one day because
that's just unrealistic and like we
don't live too far from the house I live
in now and I have a car so we have
multiple days to like move everything
out if we really need it but we're not
gonna have internet at that house for a
bit a few days I think once you move in
so there's no way in hell I'm
sleeping there not not the first couple
days lot of kids I'd be by internet so
silly excited for your video
yeah are you excited for a host of
course I'm a little overwhelmed but I my
favorite is Wolfie junior excited he's
chillin so yeah well bang it out and
then I'll come back to you guys when we
finished shooting Sylvia's video peace
so yeah I'm just outside right now
Silvia is inside I don't know if you can
see her through there but she's in there
with some people that may or may not be
with some pretty big hair company but I
don't even know yet so basically I'm
helping her film everything and I'm
waiting on one of the processes right
now we're waiting for one of the hair
products to go in her hair it's gonna
take a little time to actually do
something to her hair so I have a little
bit of free time so I'm going to kick it
outside with these cats for about five
minutes and then I think we're gonna
order food everyone's really hungry we
haven't eaten yet and then once we're
fully done filming that we got to start
packing because moving day is basically
here and we don't have anything packed I
know it's gonna take a few days probably
like a week to fully get everything
there but the most stuff we can get done
tomorrow is obviously better because
then it involves less moving on the
other days and taking a full day out of
my schedule because I run on my YouTube
time and like I literally spend full
days full days editing my main channel
videos while still dropping a vlog every
day day is just a huge thing to give up
and just spend the whole day packing
like that would murk my youtube mojo my
float oh my god is hiccup my flow my
mojo that I have going so you boy can't
be taking days off you feel
me Lionel these cats at least you're
being kind of good they're kind of
annoying is holy film but I put wolfy
jr. up my sister and speaking of dogs I
actually saw a few pictures of a teacup
Yorkie and there's more teacup Maltesers
like this so cute all these dogs are
popping up out of nowhere as soon as we
got our dog and I'm in love with that
dog but I'm down I'm kind of down
for two dogs yeah I'm down for two dogs
I can once we have our house the dog
will have its own area I know we can't
leave it out I brought it to David
yesterday I want a dog because I want
the dog to have a friend and I know a
lot of people are commenting saying I
should have got the girl Maltese from
the same breeder trust me if no one else
had a say in it I probably would have
bought the dog but I know it was sad and
I feel shitty taking just the boy but
two dogs is a lot to handle I just
flushed my toe up two dogs is a lot to
handle especially when it is my first
dog like I'm still getting used to the
dog somebody will take the dog but I
might take it we'll see and if I don't
take that dog in a few weeks we'll see
if I get another dog I'm already
addicted alright guys so we finished
filming Sylvia stuff it took us longer
than I thought but it's all good so now
we're off to go to the pet store because
I really really want to just get friggin
Wolfie juniors gate already he needs one
of those baby gates it might be at the
baby store maybe at the pet store but
because we took longer than expected the
son as you guys can see the Sun is
already starting to go down just a bit
like it's still light outside it's still
warm outside but because it's getting
closer and closer to winter it gets
darker earlier so I'm trying to go
before it gets pitch black outside and I
want to kind of enjoy some of the nice
day I've been locked up inside all day I
want to go out there you know just let
me out wait so we're at Petsmart right
now but Sylvia has to take a photo shoot
on this brick wall before we go into
Petsmart so your boy Instagram boyfriend
Wolfie is back again literally the
doctor I got him Kong has its own
section for big dogs but there's no
small one for him don't kill me pacifier
comes oh okay jam that's the biggest
 I've ever seen in my life but we're
looking for dog cages Oh
might be a thing I like this one so
we've already had so much help in here
we got our puppy food and we might put
them on Yorkie food as well because they
make puppy food and adult food so we're
gonna get the food and we got a
scratch-and-sniff coupon to save some
money and also there's two cages we've
been looking at are not cages fences or
not not fences just like little play
pens so you got the plastic one down
here and then there's like a nice metal
one that can expand into a place with a
little cage so time to decide that and
I'll let you guys know but I'm pretty
sure we're getting hooked up nice cuz we
just had like a 20-minute conversation
about the puppy stuff like that was dope
people are nice here now we decided to
do some harness finding and a leash so
we're doing we're basically buying
everything all the basics for the puppy
so we're getting Sylvia has sleep all
day party all day a Red Sox jersey
completely unnecessary for the puppy but
we're gonna have him swagged out so
we're getting leashes out so we are
making him a custom dog tag right now
for wolfy jr. gonna get his name on the
front
this code is right there - yeah five six
oh nine yeah we're making them a custom
tag it's gonna say wolfy jr. on the
front and then something important on
the back but there's mad dog lessons
going on in the store right now there's
dogs everywhere
we got wolfy
and shadow to the girl who works here
that's helped us like basically for an
hour straight we've just asked every
question you do okay junior at the
period or just yeah
period we'll see junior let's do our
phone number yeah let's put our number
here guys here's her so it's a five
eight see I'll see you guys in a sec so
we got a lift open the pod roar right
now flips it up how do we put it in then
watch on how to insert it okay here we
go we're gonna put it right there yeah
this is technology right here a line tag
keyhole with tag folder pin so this is
going down here and then close it it did
it say so wait wait okay all right angry
here we go guys it's loading deep your
package oh my god okay let's keep this
no don't go away from me this is insane
hold on guys
is this swag or not we'll see yeat oh my
god is that some laser
come back to you guys how it's done so
it's finally done we're gonna take it
out yeah is it hot it's not time luckily
right beside pets Marta's dollar Emma
and I'm gonna pick up two things cuz I
want to try this really cool trick out
at home for the vlog alright guys so I'm
not dairy clean I just ran into this
squat we want my murse you guys home I
put it there by king wolf your apps
Twitter made yourself alright guys so
I'm going to try some next-level
for the vlog I just got home we're about
to go to Walmart cuz the car's back so
now I can fit bins moving bins which we
need to get because we will be up
tomorrow in the car my car is absolutely
packed so I'm using my mom's car but
check this I saw a video the other
day and this guy made invisible fire I
was like what the is invisible how
the do you make invisible fire
apparently all you need is hand
sanitizer some aluminum foil to put it
on and a light that's it so check this
out and you also need a lighter so I got
a lighter
we are good to go let's see if it works
yeah we're good
keep this but all you do is you
take the tinfoil level hopefully this
works
oh I don't know what I do and we got the
heavy-duty I don't really need it
all but I'm going to roll it out
and then basically you're going to light
the hand sanitizing gel on fire so I'm
going to spell out my name and then
light it on fire and see if it works
open this up and spell it out
w-well you know put a bit more down
there we'll attach it to an O and you
want to attach every letter together so
that it starts like a chain reaction
whoa
we're just getting a simple idea it's
not really attached so we'll just
drizzle a little stuff do it big I hurry
I will do a big eye actually a good idea
and you want to do it in the shower
because this is really dangerous so no
trap is not in the shower you don't want
to burn your house down
now I'm just gonna pull this around pull
this over here and I got my later here
we go so I'll light it up
yay okay here we go so guys check this
out
chain reaction is starting the chain
reaction is starting to fire over here
so fire over here and it's a fire right
here and maybe some fire here okay burn
yourself oh my god here's what it looks
like when the lights go on the lights
are on now so you can see Wolfie better
lights are off so you can see Wolfie
invisible Wolfie look it smells like
shhhhh ugh invisible feet oh my god it's
in this hey turn the lights on look oh
my God look how crazy that is holy
that your lights on boom boom it's gone
you can't see that's so
crazy
yeah are you a magician that's a flop
boom okay it's not it's not invisible
it's not invisible
it's not invisible it's not invisible
it's it's not it's definitely not
visible I think I put too much yeah why
Wolfie is that
it's still on fire come on fire it's
gone fire it's still on fire
it's still on fire so I'm back in
Walmart getting bins moving bins but I
forgot my wallet so my mom's gonna spot
me my mom's we just popped me on the
money
wilfy Junior's getting too spoiled these
days so yeah we're just gonna get a few
DS moving bins it's actually cheaper
than I thought
ten bucks zero five bucks might work
twenty-five may get 60 70 might get a
hundred in twenty two thousand million
we're just gonna get these boom this
could fit so much it in so is this one
five bucks five bucks five bucks
well that's what we got okay one two
three four five six seven all right
don't know cuz myself oh oh the
lids one two three four five six
yep
meant to me it was meant to be
let's see if you can match the lid up
this time Charlie you played yourself oh
my god
how's there only one bin but seven I
mean one live at seven bins man ah okay
at Walmart it doesn't have one of these
grooves it doesn't have one of those
brews if you look at it Walmart if you
guys are watching this figure your
out with your damn lids there's like
second time in a week we finally found
one that matches it's perfect
I can't get over it once it is the right
one where'd you get those
yeah these enough well I thought he was
a billion Liz oh my god charlie just
six well getting one nigga through no
we're not guys look at this little
Batman costume we got him hey Batman
Batman are you Batman
are you Batman guys he's so in so tired
right now we're about to pack because
it's really late hey go to bed go to bed
we're about to pack because it's really
late and we're moving very soon so I
don't know where to begin I'm
overwhelmed I'm so stressed out right
now but I'm just gonna take a few deep
breaths you know pet the dog some
therapeutic ass okay you want your
belly rubbed here you go get your belly
rubbed and let's do this we got this we
got this guys when you get too stressed
out take some breaths think about am I
gonna die from it if you're not gonna
die from it then you should be good so
let's start moving alright guys so this
what my room looks like right now it's
 a mess I'm stressing out but I'm
gonna try and move as much stuff
as I can tomorrow
this is just like stressing me stressing
me out for real for real I'm just my
brain is dying right now I'm trying to
push through everything it's hard so
we're gonna move as much stuff as we can
tomorrow I'm gonna keep my computer and
all that stuff there until the internet
and everything set up in the new house
because I don't want to mess up my my
mojo mess up my setup and if it comes
down to it I might get a computer for
that house just because I like the idea
of having a computer well at least a
desktop not just a laptop at both
locations so that if I come here and
stay here for a night I have my fast
computer stuff like that if I'm just at
home I have basically the same computer
so I don't know what I'm gonna do yet
but I'm figuring it out good boy alright
guys so we're almost done packing like
the first wave of moving but I'm gonna
end the vlog off here it's been an
extremely busy day it's one o'clock in
the morning and usually when it's one
o'clock in the morning like I'm not that
tired but I am exhausted it has
been such a long day so I hope you guys
understand I'm gonna try and upload
every single day but the next couple of
logs may not be incredibly lit I'm gonna
try and make them as lit as possible I'm
gonna try and record what I can but just
know that I am extremely busy right now
I'm trying to move everything within
like a week so we'll see how it goes I
hope you
enjoy the vlog if you did please make
sure to give it a big thumbs up let's
see if we can hit 22,000 likes let's go
and go down and smash that like button
right now and if you guys made it to the
very end of the vlog I want you guys to
come and something down below so I know
you made it to the very end so comment
down with a little plastic wrap
plastic wrap that's all I want you to
comment that's all I've been touching
for the past 50 hours literally
we've been wrapping everything
everything in saran wrap that is a quick
hack a moving hack if you don't want to
break anything and if you want to wrap
everything up safe put some plastic or
saran wrap on it and you're good but
again I hope you guys enjoy the video
and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage in my main channel and as always
stick Lego
