good morning a a--what's get us your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy today
is exciting because we are about to take
wolfy jr. for his first vet checkup
which means I have to put his bones and
his two toys in his little bag so that
he doesn't go crazy well we take him
where are they no that's a bone right
there grab this one you get to go in
your little bed all right put them in
there so that's the first thing to do
today I've been editing all morning I'm
going to run to the store and get him
probably more dog toys and stuff after
and I also need to eat because I'm
starving as so I got his paperwork
and let's go to the van they will pay
Junior you're going to the vet so you
make sure that you're all healthy and
perfect because we know you're perfect
but we got to make sure the insides of
you were perfect
good thing you went pee before we left
oh he's good now I'm gonna pee that in
there because this little bladder does
not know what's going yet
good boy you're doing a good job all
feet will be junior junior who's that
don't you that over here guys we're
going to the very now taking Wolfie
getting some shots check up everything
like that and then we might stop on the
way like I said we're gonna go get food
and I want to go get him like a cage
another cage a fence like a baby fence
because as soon as we move into the new
house he's gonna need a fence to just
have his own little area we're moving
when we're packing like we need
somewhere to put him that's it
this guy's on our feet at 4 7 right now
he just will run around at her feet he
will pee all over the place so we need
to confine him to little area a nice big
area actually about just with all his
toys and stuff so he can't come and get
in the way of little things and maybe we
should get him a new bag hi guys not bad
this is glamorous but I don't really
like it yeah it's kind of tacky but look
you can have a bigger bigger more comfy
bag he likes it looking at me sleeping
in it
well Lanie I got bigger one do you like
your bag buddy oh look just sad eyes oh
my god he's breaking my heart
oh not able to watch I can't I know you
basically cried when we first gave him a
bath and watch what are you what yelling
did you or did you not cry when we gave
him a bath no I didn't
their health cries he was shaking a lot
so we got goodness curve bring you puppy
owners we love him we're worried about
any little thing that he does he's
pretty good with noise though
well he was born in can't wait to finish
so this is way tougher than he is no I
know he's so brave he like jumped off
the giant chair yesterday and he beats
me every day you legit tries to fight me
it doesn't know that I like 20 billion
times I could just take em and cook
them on the pan with the flick of the
wrist yeah and then Univ um you can
throw across the room with a flick of
the wrist guys we have arrived at the
vet your first checkup you ready all
right three two one check up on three
one two three all right let's see if I
can find him on here got all these big
dogs poodle Haven ease oh here we go
this is what he's gonna look like when
he's older the long hair we're gonna get
him a cut like this I like these ones
too
look at this one pecking jeez Wow well
feed you you did so good he did so good
guys he had his little beef treat and
had something stuck up his bum but we're
good
no whining nothing so good boy good boy
now we're coming back to next month for
something else and go get my cage her
house offense buddy why do they think
your name was will fee and not Wolfie
they should know your king Wolfie the
prince will be guys they kept calling
him wilfy because I saw in the paper
they wrote down will fee instead of
Wolfie I guess they misheard me on the
phone or something to kept weirding me
out every time they said wolf eat their
will fee like nigga it's Wolfie yeah
Wolfie told him endure like will fear
like I'm like ah I don't think that's us
but we got him we got the treats that
the guy just fed him because he
love these so I don't know about these
Ceasar ones apparently these aren't even
like the brand you want to get anyway so
I'm willing to pay all the money I need
to pay to keep my dog in tip-top healthy
shape I'm not feeding them the Walmart
brand food anymore
no Loblaws no grocery store food if it's
not bought from the pet store or the vet
I'm not feeding it to him because you're
the king
you're the king you're gonna eat well
okay I love you I'm here miss Charles
big buck somebody call me miss I'm a
 girl
I'm cheese all right guys so I just
cleaned up the kitchen it is looking
fresh
we got my friggin palette my place where
I film all my Bangor videos in the
kitchen it's cleaned up David should be
here in like five to ten minutes I got
my Red Bull because you guys
know I'm hyper as before any of my
videos I get amped
because on the main channel we gotta
stay hyper alright I like watching
videos that are high energy so I make
sure that my videos are very very high
energy
you already know Damon's probably to
come here and troll but we're doing a
video from my channel and a video for
his channel so when we do these back to
back banners expect these to probably
drop around the same day I think we're
gonna be in each other's videos it's
gonna be poppin so get ready get ready
Lionel you hissed Emir layer cuz I was
with the dog do you love me now okay my
cat is bipolar as this guy who
loves me one second hates in the next
second David's not here yet but David
should be here so I'll let you guys know
when David gets here alright so we just
finished David's video put it this way I
threw up in it nothing crazy nothing new
so you guys will see it on his channel
youtube.com slash David parody
torture every time this guy
comes to my house puts me through some
next and he doesn't even tell me
what we're doing it until we film the
videos so it is what it is we're doing
my video it's not gonna be as high it'll
be pretty gross but nothing disgusting
to the point where you could children I
control I could show joking hazard but
may be puking hazard you guys will see
there is no choking hazard though
because you suck so much dick gay oh
this is a jump off that balcony well
yeah yeah the mountain come now yeah
yeah just joke off that balcony for feet
he actually jumped on me
he actually jumped yeah action oh he
actually jumped thanks to the views guys
guys this is what my kitchen is looking
like after I just filmed a video you
know not a big mess or anything but uh
yeah this is the life of a youtuber so
my new host is going to be looking
forward to these messes I'm about to
make hopefully I don't get a victim my
dad came just in time to see you want to
help clean we could use your help it
right here right there I'll get right on
that all right come on this is family
bonding Oh cookie so yeah me and David
are gonna clean my mouth feels like it's
on fire from all the gum I just chewed
you guys we'll see you on my main
channel luckily it's not too much of a
mess
I mean there's been worse definitely so
we're gonna finish cleaning eat I have a
salad in the kitchen waiting for me diet
whooping oh my god the hiccups and then
we might just kick it
we'll see okay guys so right now I'm
with David we're heading to his house
and Wolfie jr. is in the bag I'm
bringing him with me so he's about to
meet rocket this is the first dog to dog
interaction he's had because we kept him
in the bag without the vet rockin my
eating rocket mighty them but you know
your little man you need to meet some
friends he's passed them because custom
so hopefully this goes well Wolfie jr.
is gonna make a friend today but we got
rocket here
I got Wolfie jr. on my lap come here
rocket Rockets been really good so far
with Wolfie here come Rock come say hi
come here Rock rockets more scared than
Wolfie great oh he's scared of the
camera that's what okay I'll put this
here okay rocket is no camera right here
rocket okay I'm sorry
good boy good boy good boy rocket rocket
I'll turn the camera off for you this is
a wolfy jr. just made his first friend
the wolfy jr. was just downstairs
playing with rocket for the longest time
and now I'm trying to feed him because
he peed in everything and he should be
hungry but I tried feeding him the dry
food and he doesn't want it he's just
too addicted to wet food right now but I
don't want him to become like used to
that hey are you just sleeping you just
sleep barely eat so David luckily has a
dog so he's gonna grab some wet food and
we're gonna give it to wolfy jr.
hopefully he eats it because this guy
needs to eat just a little man you see
Mary is eating his luxurious corn and
stuff right now so you like that wet
food but you won't eat your dry food
yeah you put some of the dry in this
yeah looks like I'm buying this guy a
lot of wet food for no one hey get up
let me gob where's the dry food at will
it work yeah get a coating I went though
and dad that's gonna my lord it started
in the work my god is steak oh that's a
big chunk he's gonna so I just got home
and I know I usually you guys
about how big the spiders are Wolfie
Junior's chilling down there Sylvia's
about to get the door but look at how
big this spider is holy
what is that thing oh my god it's huge
guys this thing is huge
that's probably one of the biggest thing
I've ever seen and why is there one
right on the door oh my gosh work on my
host is interested my place is infested
by spiders thank God I'm moving out
because they know I live here and
they're gonna do whatever it
takes to kill me so these spiders need
to chill man so via literally just took
the puppy and ran with it the whole time
I've been at David's this girl's would
text me break back pap√≠ bring back a
puppy he doesn't even say hi to me she
just took the puppy and ran so guys I
don't know if earlier on in the vlog you
saw my face but I had a big pimple here
and I just popped it so for some reason
there's so much watermelon sitting out
in my house like it's the fridge is too
full but look all this fruit flies on
this watermelon so if someone eats this
tomorrow
I'm gonna put them on blast on the vlog
because there's fruit fly that's
disgusting but we have mad orange juice
out in my house now and it's warm as
hell too because I guess no room in the
fridge like what why do we have three
things of orange juice I've never had
orange juice in my damn house but the
real reason I came down is for
hamburgers apparently my parents made
Costco hamburgers those are the best
hamburgers with real buns real ones yeah
got these buns so your boys about to
have a late-night eating session because
I didn't really eat much today I have
the salad and stuff like that and then
breakfast I didn't have a dinner so I
got to eat dinner right now all right
guys so I just finished my burger I
dusted it absolutely dusted two burgers
just like I wanna guard in the morning
there is nothing left of these burgers
right now but Wolfie jr. and Sylvia are
right there and we got another hectic
day tomorrow I know a lot of the days
have been really hectic but moving day
is approaching sooner than ever like
days are passing like in a few days we
should be not fully moved out but
partially moved out all the big stuff at
least so I'm gonna end the vlog off
there I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
make sure to give it a big thumbs up can
we get 23,000 likes
I don't want 22 K that was like so two
days ago I want 23 K right now because
we just hit 800,000 subscribers are more
Wolfie thank you everyone I love you so
much
and if you guys made it to the end of
the vlog I want you guys to comment
something down below so I know you made
it so comment down below moving day is
coming up that's it moving day is coming
up and I will be replying to a bunch of
the people that comment that and again I
hope you guys enjoyed and I will see you
guys soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage yeah
