good morning a a--what's get your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy I'm
chillin with wolfy jr. he just shat over
there and over there Peter over there
but yeah I just got a package in the
mail it is my blacklight for a video so
I'm going to shoot the video today I
don't know why you're looking at me like
that huh
I got the rest of the supplies over
there I still haven't eaten it's like 12
o'clock I might get a haircut today but
mainly I do have to add it cuz I didn't
edit as much as I wanted to yesterday
and then if I have time today I'm gonna
go to the pet store and see if we can
get wolfy jr. into some pet training
because I wanted to learn the basic
commands I want him to be able to sit I
want him to be able to fetch I want them
to be able to stay just the basic basic
stuff look at this food guys I'm eating
good right now Silvia made me peanut
butter bagel I got a nice bagel which
wolfy jr. is eating good - is he going
pee okay I'm gonna talk really quiet so
he doesn't get excited cuz if I move
he'll start running at me but yeah we're
making a nice little breakfast right
here I was gonna go to Ikea today to go
pick up a table or both the tables I was
gonna get for the new house but W
brought up a good point that we're
renting a truck for the day we move out
so and that's by IKEA so I might as well
get the truck and then pick up the
tables at the same time so today is
gonna be just mainly a kick back edit
day we called everyone we needed to call
for the house like insurance to set up
gonna get internet stuff like that but
unfortunately we're not gonna have
internet the house for like the first
two days so I'm gonna leave my main
computer here I could not be at that
house without internet that is like my
worst nightmare go pee he's got a pee
pad downstairs pee pad upstairs just
because he goes pee everywhere
Jackson's cheese my last vlog someone's
like who the fuck is Jackson I never saw
Jackson Jackson's the older cat yeah he
overlooks everyone else I just had a
taste of bacon and I thought it was dog
food I almost threw up why does your
food taste like bacon are you gonna go
pee or not go pee hey come on right yeah
P P V P you can do okay
wolfy jr. what are you saying with your
friggin cowboy hat bro
what are you saying what are you saying
with your cowboy hat this guy has
prolonged my editing process minimum by
like two hours so I'm gonna go take him
downstairs this Sylvia ever since we got
this guy like I haven't been as into
editing as I usually am like I see him
sitting on the bed
and I just want to cuddle with him so
I'm picking you down a Sylvia you're
going with your mom
hey stop braiding your hat a big one I
thought you went no you did go okay he
just went pee on my leg and all over me
and all over Sylvia's bed because you're
good if you weren't cute you'd be in
shit you would be in shit yeah I know
doing a dog photo shoot and Cleo I can't
let you out right now we're doing a dog
photo shoot after I know I know you
really want to come out but juniors got
to get these photos I will feet Junior
posed up bro
posed up I want to see you looking at
the camera can see it in your eyes
alright let's bang these out so right
now guys I'm editing my video and I'm
realizing that my edits are getting more
and more troll each time like I don't
know if you guys know about the clip
that always used to play way back in the
day it just says the more you know and
it just says it over a shooting star if
you guys don't know the clip I'm talking
about hold on let me bring it up here
basically this is what it looks like
that's it nothing crazy so in one of my
recent videos actually remade that
except I made the shooting star moving
across the screen and had the more you
know except I think I spelled a few
words wrong but I'm doing another DIY
Wolvie video and I wanted it to look
more carefree so check it out I'm
editing the video and where is it
somewhere around here if I go back yeah
it's right over here i legit found a
shooting star picture this one didn't
even crop out the flame like light or
the the shooting star itself so I just
grabbed the whole image and made the
whole image move and completely spelled
every word wrong on purpose so check
this out
this is like a terrible this is me
laughing at my own shit a fucking fool
he's a porker
what is that the whole image is moving
it says tomorrow you know literally des
Nuits for one word right now one word
but this is the shit I do
well editing because it makes the video
a little more fun to me I fuck my own
videos and if I love my own videos then
you guys should love my videos too
because just because my mom brought me
up a fruit smoothie she's downstairs
puppy sitting right now I'm behind
schedule because I was supposed to edit
all day but Wolfie jr. is a lot a lot a
lot a lot of work because he's a public
he's restless you know he'll be like
wide awake for ten minutes and in the
next ten minutes he'll be like fast
asleep and then ten minutes later he'll
be wide awake and literally like every
two minutes this guy even when he sits
on my stomach like he'll rearrange his
positioning because he likes to be
against one things and warm things that
I guess my arm so he will wake up find
my arm like mid sleep and reposition his
body so he's on my arm and then go to
sleep again and then as soon as I move
my arm within one minute he'll wake up
again and do the same shit so he's been
doing that all day but I'd say about
halfway done this video right now it's
looking good lots of cuts right here and
stuff this is behind the scenes of
Wolfie so I should be done this in
probably an hour maybe and then I can go
downstairs edit my vlog on my laptop
because I always edit my vlogs on my
laptop and always my main channel videos
on my desktop right here this powered
box and the good thing about editing on
my laptop is that I can cuddle with
Wolfie jr. while I edit so that's a
positive so me Silvia and my mom have a
group chat and my mom always sends
pictures of the dog every time she's
with him so even though I'm editing I'm
gonna go ask her if she wants to be the
official Instagram account of Wolfie jr.
because what's his social all right
I'm gonna step on it see if he's
actually asleep earth that was a kick
from hours ago yeah mom when are you
gonna make him an Instagram account
you have to you can have the honor of
making him an Instagram account I'll let
you have them two times a week you can't
you just listen to me all night let me
see him yeah you just the glory I've
been with him all day you took it from
me
hey buddy perfect
you guys said wolfy jr. couldn't do it
eh they said he couldn't do it look at
this we just taught him how to go P two
times in a row now that is two times in
a row good job will be good job keep up
the great work buddy you peed on my bed
seven hundred times but it's all good
what's going through your mind right now
he's just like yeah you know I thought I
could do it I went to the pad delivered
the P it was my best performance of the
night and then that's a wrap that's it
good job look at him go
you're too small man you're smaller than
fluff okay don't bite the cord don't
bite the cord come out so right now we
are at Loblaws I'm picking up supplies
for my next video in the candy aisle I
don't know if you guys can guess what
it's about to be but my last couple of
videos have not been diable if you have
been doing mad candy shit so I guess you
guys are seeing my main channel what I
get so I have a bunch of candy I'm doing
something doing Self Serve at Loblaws
we're gonna see how much it comes up to
I'm gonna guess it's gonna be over a
hundred bucks so this might be the most
I've ever spent on candy
Tashia Wolfie I'm sure you guys know
what video I'm doing right now this is
the behind the scenes look at all this
whole juice I sort of got either I'm
super like sensitive to me or everyone
in my house is crazy because the moment
like literally the second I walked in my
house when we just got back from lava I
can't show over the dog the second we
walked in my house like I just got hit
by a wave of heat and I can't even sit
in my room right now because the window
was open and yeah there's a breeze going
in it but my room for some reason and my
host is like in the top corner and if
two people are sitting in that room
within like five minutes that room
already starts to heat up and it
definitely gets the hottest in the house
so right now it's super uncomfortable
for me to be in my room at all
so I'm chilling with the boy Wolfie
junior you already know what it is Cleo
what's good you should definitely be
sleeping it's like 2:00 a.m. but he's
restless right now you just chased me
all around the room so pretty much I
just turned the air conditioning on and
I'm gonna kill down here until it gets
cooler in my room because I can't go to
sleep like this I definitely cannot go
to sleep like this hey buddy you want to
watch some YouTube you wanna watch some
YouTube that's why some YouTube let's
watch some YouTube you can see in the
corner of Cleo's eyes she is literally
grilling so hard right now
like she's pretending like she's
sleeping but you can see her eyes Cleo I
love you too I love you too Cleo but I
got to take care of the puppy you
realize you're gonna be like half my
vlogs for like the next two weeks
straight me and him are beefing now
we're fighting oh he thinks he has me is
my one arm versus him he actually has a
hard bite he's got a pretty hard bite I
know I'm probably not supposed to let
him do this but I love playing with him
Hey
two pounds and he's beating me a little
way like a hundred times you bro a
hundred times you
usually you don't even one 100th of my
sides kiss no kiss kiss
now you're sneezing on me he's sneezing
mid-fight how you tie your puppy out 101
so that he goes to bed if you're not
gonna go to bed you're not gonna go to
bed I'm just gonna I'm just gonna keep
biting my tongue and then what do you
think look are you done are you done are
you done why are you attacking me I'm
not attacking you look at this you think
I'm done at the end of the day we're
boys see you that you just beefed me for
20 minutes Street then you're like nah
okay we're cool cuz he knows I'd whup
his ass
what you have to go pee okay let's go if
you have to go pee you literally follow
me everywhere I go everywhere I go you
follow me guys this is why I haven't had
any motivation to edit every time I see
this guy by himself are you peeing
oh you're just sitting back oh no your
pink nope you're just sitting down like
I was saying every time I just see him
sitting down I need to go lay and cuddle
with him any second okay I'm gonna walk
away bye buddy
see ya see ya see ya I'm going this way
you're late you can't even keep up you
can't even keep up big toe oh I'm going
this way
let's go literally he cannot be apart
from us for two seconds yes
can you stay there and I know somewhere
okay I'm just gonna go this way okay
you coming I'm going this way I'm going
over here I jumped over you after
beating me for like an hour and a half
straight this guy's finally passed up
don't wake up he is the cutest dog holy
shit this guy is my new son I have a son
now
you're my son so I wanted to watch some
videos on my laptop like you know how I
usually search out Wolfie raps and I see
if you guys are making any fan videos or
whatever but I don't want to move too
much because Wolfie jr. is sound asleep
right now so I'm gonna whip them up on
my phone and see if we got any bangers
right now so the first video I clicked
on it's called Wolfie raps suicide tape
may his gentle soul rest in peace
I guess it's my my sour video it's a
compilation of me dying the compilation
of you do you seen this yo you see in
this film the collage of you die like it
is stop it actually is in some serious
pain there that's the one word rate what
the fuck
Wolfie mice white friends Brian that's a
fucking dope video alright the next
video we got is called Wolfie raps gives
inspiration to me and others this is
already blessed just the title alone is
fucking bliss so I'm gonna watch this oh
we are we got Samuel out here shut up -
Samuel for making this video you are a
jean guys honestly when I see videos
like that that means a lot to me because
the reason I go and check out Wolfie
raps and then I always go see who
uploaded videos and what they uploaded
because I like to see like the next
generation of youtubers like down the
line because when I was younger like
when I was like three and a half like
right now I'm only four and a half but
when I was three and a half I was like
way back in the day and first of all I
wish we had the technology to fucking
make videos back in the day cuz I would
have loved it like as soon as I figured
out I could make videos I started making
videos but even when I first started
making videos like the
first videos I made like it took so much
balls for me to do that so I love seeing
like all these younger people making
videos because honestly you never know
what video is gonna blow up you don't
know how many people are gonna watch
your videos all that stuff is so
unpredictable like you can never predict
it so you puttin yourself online for
potentially millions of people to see is
fuckin that takes balls so I respect
anyone whether you spend like eight
hours on editing your video whether your
spend like two hours editing your video
if you can just put up a video I fuck
with you because at least you're putting
in the effort and you are trying so I
don't know if a lot of other youtubers
do like what I do or my vlogs and just
always search my name to see like who
the next person is who's making a video
about me and stuff like that but I find
it so damn cool like just seeing as
other people out there in the world that
like rape me enough to drop a video on
me and I know I meet a lot of people in
person like anytime I go out in public
now I'm meeting like a new fan or
somebody who's part of the wolf fam but
it still blows my mind to know that
there's people like across the world
watching my shit now this channel has
like 800,000 subscribers the main
channel has like 2.5 million subscribers
just everything's been popping off so
quick and that is so many fucking people
to think about if you actually think 2.5
million plus 800 K so you have three
point three million K let's say a lot of
those people are like subscribe to both
channels so let's say only 500,000 how
do the eight hundred thousand have
subscribed to both channels still that
is 2.8 million people that clicked on
that subscribe button and it's one thing
to click on the subscribe button and
it's a completely other thing to like
make a full video about me when you do
that guy like that's fucking dope when
you guys do that that's why I love just
watching you guys videos and I always do
it at night when I have time to do it
and I'll usually watch a bunch of videos
in a row so if you guys made a video
about me even if the video has like two
to three views I'm probably one of those
views I know I didn't comment on the
video to let you guys know but I am
watching at all times I'm watching so if
you guys draw videos about me and you
put me in the tags Wolfie raps in the
tags I'm gonna see your video eventually
100% right Wolfie jr. are you gonna see
their video yes
no no wake up wake up at least I'll see
your video he's not gonna see your video
so Twitter or Twitter employees if
anyone from Twitter is watching this
video I have something to show you
and guess what the fuck it is this is
all I gotta say to you
something clean on Twitter certified
let's get it to Twitter certified please
jeez I'm cheese she doesn't even have a
Twitter otherwise I would have followed
her 100%
Twitter it's not it's not that hard like
all you gotta do is just click that
verify button for your boy I got mad
supporters oh you're making verify
Wolfie raps videos all these blue
checkmarks and you still ain't verifying
fucking Wolfie how am I supposed to go
to bed with this guy on my fucking
stomach hey Wolfie jr. hey Wolfie jr.
god damn I love this guy so much
anyways Wolfie jr. is exhausted so I
think I'm gonna go to bed now Silvia has
been upstairs asleep for the past two
hours I've just been sitting down on
this couch watching your videos but I
have an extremely busy day tomorrow I'm
filming an absolute banger and I have to
edit it tomorrow I have to finish my
other video gotta take wolfy jr. to the
vet so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog if you did make sure to give it a
big thumbs up how many likes do you want
wolfy jr. 22,000 23,000 23,000 likes he
wants 23,000 like so go down and smash
that like button right now let's smash
23k and if you guys made it to the very
end of the vlog I fuck with you guys so
her because I just rambled on for half
of it but I want you guys to comment
something down below so I know you made
it to the end so what do you want them
to comment down below with a junior you
want them to comment wolfy Junior is
king yeah wolfy junior is king all right
bless comment down below wolfy jr. is
king and I will see you guys soon
on more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more savage than my main channel and
as always stay savage Lego
