hey yo what's gonna trip werewolf P
welcome back to my Wolfie we are having
breakfast being made right here and
actually a specialty over here in Canada
we love to eat our baby Maltese puppy so
let's throw him on it though come on
we'll be junior laughing you got bacon
there it would be better with a side of
dog though don't you think
yeah let's throw them on there eats come
on Wolfie you ready we've had you for
one day let's just cook them up here
let's cook them up oh so sad okay we're
not gonna cook you come with me to the
beds let's go hey yeah come on yeah I
play with you chew toy watch out for the
cats buddy oh yeah we're making
breakfast gonna feast out and then I'm
gonna edit a bunch today also got to
figure out some more stuff at the house
like internet and stuff like that the
beef continues have the dog right here
and Cleo grilling the dog right there
Lionel doesn't give two shits about the
dog hey Lionel you don't carry the man's
just kicking it laying down hot day in
your belly rubbed let's go Lana's living
the life right now
what do you thinking about bro well
you're gonna drop that video soon as a
bang or a word all right peace bro beast
okay now you're just kissing my leg and
hissing but what are you doing make your
mind up are you relaxing or not I so
check out this shirt this is my
merch not it's not my merch but peep
this look at this nice wolf
I know a lot of you guys probably look
at me like oh this guy doesn't have too
much like up look at his swag
how about that got my New York hat got
my sandals I'm not wearing socks and
sandals today change want to pick
something up for Sylvia and going to go
to Costco gotta go get a few cleaning
supplies for when the house is ready
still have everything sitting in this
room I haven't even picked out my
clothes that I got from H&M completely
forgot I got those but so good
you're not going okay oh my brother is
babysitting wolfy jr. until we come back
and then I don't know what I'm doing for
the rest of the day I think I want to
edit because I'm just addicted to
editing now Cleo you've been different
since Wolfie jr. came but you're not
going out still
account so I'm parked in the middle of
the road right now Sylvia is just
running into the house to go grab what
she needs and then we are off to Costco
I got my Costco card now so we can just
roll up grab what we need there's
probably a lot of stuff that we need
hopefully my cards big enough but what I
really wanted to show you guys is the
fire so guys we're on our way to Costco
and all I know is like look ahead of us
and look what it looks like we're going
to the eye of the storm there's crazy
lightning bolts hitting the ground right
now and the thunder is getting pretty
loud there's no rain yet but I'm a
feeling like in about ten seconds I'm
about to get rain so let's count down 10
my producer that's ring eight like you
can show yeah see there eight five four
three no ring - one time maybe 20
seconds but we're getting off right now
and going into the middle of the storm I
think they just saw the Thunder Oh toy
sawing
but on a good note guys if we were to
get stuck somewhere or if we were to get
struck by lightning the place that I'd
want to be is in Costco or in my cart
because the lightning bolts can ground
the electricity plan that in school I
learned that back in grade 2 which is
last year grade 3 now so Charlie and I
are both actually kind of terrified of
storms so what you are sure that's what
he's telling you guys oh did you
see that thank you oh my god that's
Costco right there to the right we are
at Costco yeah we're also about to but
there's a trick with lighting multi to
avoid lighting boats because I know a
few guys that have been struck
personally and deep to my art with
lightning bolts you want to wait till
the lightning bolt goes down and then as
soon as it goes down you have about 20
to 30 seconds to run wherever you need
to be before the next one strikes down
so I'm not leaving the car until I see
one strike down and then we're running
then we're running okay looking off
birds are going crazy
it's literally directly over top of us
go he said it's nice boat Reid hey guys
rain I called it 20 seconds
might have been 30 seconds that's
definitely longer than that so right now
we got a vacuum toaster more coffee
because we're running low but basically
we're doing the new technique while
going through constantly to check this
out we're going I'll buy I'll just to
make sure that we get everything that's
on the list literally aisle by aisle
they got a Brita thing we don't need
that these knives are bees but we don't
need them actually forty bucks so we
came in with a little bit but we left
with this isn't even done and it is
fully loaded this card basically we're
in the area where they're giving up Matt
samples so to me people are getting in
our way right now and I'm scared I'm
gonna run into some
like these that doesn't happen so we got
all we needed to get I upgraded to
platinum or whatever executive
membership because apparently now that
I'm going to be buying a lot here and
stuff I needed a new membership to get
points back but when I was grabbing my
picture for the new card I literally
took the picture and then I look in
front of me and this kid is staring me
down and he doesn't say a word of Leo
what's good bro you watch the vid he's
like yeah I came to Ottawa to meet you
so I didn't quite hear the kid's name
because it was mad loud in Costco but
shout out to the kid you know who you
are I appreciate you coming Ottawa and
supporting me all right time to go to
the peal box with my little buddy in
here hey where are you taking him with
me because I want to take him on a
little bit of a ride but I'm scared to
let him outta here
I think Dustin's gonna roll with me and
I'm gonna keep him in the bag so that he
doesn't pee all over the car and stuff
open the bag up so that he can see
what's going on I have been to this peel
box too many times in the past couple
weeks I need to stop coming here
hopefully we got some more stuff because
I keep coming here and picking up stuff
but I still haven't opened up everything
I got so I need to sit down one day and
open up everything this is how you know
it's lit it says more in the back drawer
later there's so much stuff that they
had to put way more in the back this is
getting crazy guys so because the post
office was closed I could only grab the
letters that I could grab in the actual
mail box all the boxes and stuff like
that that were in the back I couldn't
grab because no one was at the counter
so I'm gonna have to come back and get
those in a few days the dogs in the car
waiting Hey
so we are chilling watching CFL Hey
right now Sophie's back she abandoned me
for so long but we have the dog right
here and the VMAs are on tonight so
we're about to watch them but as soon as
my dad turns off this Canadian football
yeah we are turn off your CFO I'll give
you my dog now you wanna give you my dog
if you turn the channel everyone see the
pic of you in the dog have you seen a
pic which pic you were sleeping with the
dog the one where my
white my time my only timepiece yeah let
me see what's on my new vlog go to my
new vlog and watch my dad sleeping with
their thing okay guys so this is this
thing that's been going around right now
today I was checking on Twitter and
basically nobody wants to see it
basically some guy had sex on my chicken
so I watched it and you know it wasn't
bad but my mom has not seen it yet this
is a new mom you ready I'm not watching
it I'm gonna whip up the video I'm gonna
show you guys my live reaction or my
mom's live reaction if her watching the
guy bang
the McChicken oh man what do you mean do
you see it's fun when you try not to
Center town now you have too much sauce
it led us in closer glimpse of its ass
crack or in-law kale mom watch this
video so guys when you're finding these
videos on Twitter all you gotta do is
just look up Mick chicken video it's
already in my search history because hey
disgusting mom are you ready I got the
video here on camera ready okay 3 2 1
watch the video you have to watch the
video you finish the video it's 17
seconds on it's 13 seconds on Keaney mom
it's playing it's playing right now I
know it's okay
that's a black guy right hey Dad you
turn no my dad's watching oh the watch I
know you don't want to watch I'm trying
to help you yes so just watch the video
just three two one watch two seconds of
it look watch two seconds dad just look
what is wrong people serious
and that's a black night your Dustin
could you see the McChicken reaction
rather than my chicken video I heard
your dad talking about it
okay watch wait wait how long is it 17
seconds it bro
three two one go no oh come on oh my god
probably just goes for 17 seconds
 the burger off the script
without something for burgers idiot oh
that's the date oh my gosh it's the
record you don't actually know it's
McChicken it could be anything
yeah the guys this could have been a Big
Mac we'll never know but all right Pete
I just want to take a second to pray for
the parents of whoever birth that
chicken that was cut up in to make
chicken it's a shame man yeah too many
big cheetahs everybody
Ricky chicken man that's what he's
saying to me you should go daddy's loved
he was fast asleep as soon as you
thought up he liked me what's man again
this you should have won cooking guys
that wolfies alive diet wolfy juniors
alive - you want a cookie all right yo
mom what why why are you more active
than me on Instagram
what's your secret puppies it's easy
when there's country Christmas that's my
puppy he's in my house why are you
posting more pics of my puppy than me
you can make movie to me
I'm not mr. Page all right my mom is
gonna make wolfy jr. an Instagram page
I'll let you know next vlog go like all
those pigs follow alright guys
big news I'm about to watch Dustin's
first video if you guys don't know who
Dustin is I'm sure you know Destin is
he's in every single one of my videos
 mr. viral every video Dustin's
in gets a million views like that's just
how the formula works so Dustin you want
to say anything about your video or your
channel happy all right we got
bangers on Dustin channel youtube.com
slash just Dustin I'll leave it at the
top of the description but I'm about to
watch it it's a hundred layers of
aluminum foil you already know it's
gonna be a banger so I'm gonna watch it
and I'm danger alert danger I'm excited
then I'll come back to you guys but
everyone right now after this vlog go to
Dustin's Channel and go subscribe to the
boy because you already know we make
hits you guys have seen we have a good
track record of making bangers so if you
want to see more bangers go to his
channel alright guys so I just finished
a video it's a banger you need to check
it out here is the channel right here
hold on let it focus youtube.com slash
just Dustin this is what the banner is
gonna look like okay cousin Ian okay
that's what the van is gonna look like
got Dustin right there just Dustin
official channel it's legit you know
first video he's already got a friggin
intro banner more than I had so check
them out can you make it up the stairs
buddy come on I'm going I'm going
come on Oh almost come on come on jump
let's go I'm running for their way I'm
running Wolfie Union let's go up up up
are you you are come close here hey
let's go oh nice good job good job
cops good home he's learned that from
jumping up on her mattress
alright guys so Silvia and wolfy jr. are
in bed we just gave him a shower and I
got really shook because he was shaking
so much I felt so bad he was such a
little guy but now we're gonna watch a
movie with him and warm him up and
cuddle him all the cuddles he can get so
I'm gonna end the vlog off there I hope
you guys enjoyed if you did make sure to
go down and smash that thumbs up button
let's get 22 K not 20 K I want 22 head
in this vlog we're moving up pretty
quickly I'm more wolf Lee we already
have like almost 800,000 subscribers
like what the so go down and hit
that like button if you are an active
wolf fan and if you guys made it to the
end the vlog I want you guys to comment
down below we want more DIY Wolfie
because I'm pretty sure I've gotten a
lot of comments about DIY Wolfie don't
worry he's still coming back all you got
to do is comment we want more DIY Wolfie
and I'm see what I can do for you guys
on the main channel coming up soon
anyways that's it for today's video
again I hope you guys enjoyed and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
