good morning a you always get super
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy I'm
chillin with you boy wolfy jr. guys
sleeping like always
Silvia's over there editing what are you
getting me my puppy video meet my puppy
video everyone's trying to hug as much
wolfy jr. as possible my mom is helping
me with my emails and stuff like that
it's actually not morning right now it's
like 5:00 p.m. but yeah we'll just we'll
just consider it as morning anyways
because I said good morning and because
fucking wolfy geniuses and how it's
morning morning so I got some stuff in
the mail that I'm about to open I'm
pretty sure though I already bought it
from the store and use it in a video so
this stuff came in too late and it think
it played itself we're gonna give him my
back to me I think it's a flavouring oh
fuck it is the flavouring you know
that's that vault burn five minutes away
I know it's it I don't use this stuff
anymore what are you doing barri
each came with two i'm cheese yeah okay
guys so yeah this is useless i really
need this anymore because i already
bought it at ball burn for any cheaper
what is this thank you for choosing this
place we appreciate your business
follow us on Pinterest okay but you know
we can keep these flavouring for future
DIY cooking videos put them right up
with the food coloring so now we got we
got blueberry flavoring we uh strawberry
flavoring watermelon and tutti frutti
tutti frutti would be nice now we're
going to go to Walmart to buy containers
because I'm getting so much fan mail
that I need to start organizing my rooms
a mess and we might buy a toy or two for
Wolfie jr. and some bins for when we
move Ansem bins for any move and they
said they wouldn't love her daddy hey
dogs he said that he wouldn't love them
an ugly dog that you are loving won't
feed you what if you he's not ugly
don't beat him
getting my feet you guys know my cats
throw up a lot that's why that's myself
the culprit mom gives it to Mandy's the
culprit all right Chris we're leaving
now so feel free you can love him in the
open without having to hide it from us
cuz we know you just want to be right
but you really actually love them okay
bye okay guys so we are in Walmart right
now walking to the organization aisles I
don't want this I live shit just want
like a massive bin to keep a lot of the
fan mail letters in which should be
around here yeah this would be the aisle
up here Sylvie's already lost behind
when you go to a store like this with
Silvia expect to lose her in about five
minutes hurry up the bins bins are in
two hours down and to the right now
we'll get we'll get a garbage can at Kia
bins bins bins not garbage bins alright
here we go
we found the aisle but I want one that's
kind of clear okay perfect something
like this or something like this or
anything like this would you go wide and
long or high in short high or or one of
these two of those holds big envelopes
but it's also
I get two of those as much space in your
closet and whatever so I have a
girlfriend guys yeah I'd do that again
do that again
oh nice lid I clearly know girl I have
without a girl so whose girl is it that
one right there yeah
why is it so hard to find a litter out
here this is it remember the lid it says
remember to live that's it is that it
yes
is that it yeah let me make sure that's
it there that on um I don't think that's
it
I don't think that's it
guys why is so hard to find a lid in one
is cheesing me alright I'll come back to
you guys when we find this little guys I
decided to get these stacker bins
they're a little bit bigger and they
look more heavy-duty because fuck these
bins you don't have lids I don't want
you anyways so I'm going to get two of
these and we should go to the dog
section to find a tree I know a tree and
toys
yeah even miniature squeaky toys seems
so small the thing right here guys wolfy
jr. has been teething and even though
his bites aren't really hard or anything
he's just been biting everything like I
had that I know we do need one of those
yeah like I was saying wolfy jr. has
been biting everything and he tried
biting a screwdriver I was playing with
earlier like he tries biting everything
he's an absolute savage so we got to get
him something to chew on so first of all
our guy needs a pimped-out bed there's
probably better beds Atta like actual
pet stores but really this will do like
this is insanely big well I mean look
how comfy that is feel that guys these
dog beds are stupid comfy and definitely
will fit does not beat wide yet he has
the smallest one but I want to get him
one bigger because he is big at heart
are we gonna cut his hair I gave him a
foe ha okay I'm getting him a toy that's
one thing I know I can get him I don't
even know what food to give him yet but
he still has a bunch of food so I'm
gonna go to the store and ask him what
about tomorrow but in the meantime
something I know I can get him as a toy
so all this stuff is too big for him but
I need something what
puppy fragrance like deodorant yeah
naturally freshening deodorizes
that's amazing definitely not healthy
but I'm down for my dog to smell like
coconut at all times
naturally why does it smell so good so
stick your body wash should we get him
the classic chicken ah
watch this I'm about to pistol yo you
guys ever see that line where they grab
like 50 of these chickens why this is
what's the Dory things are the planet so
yeah it's me so although the dog seems
to really like chewing on hard things
I'm gonna get him this hopefully he
likes to play with it
maybe I'll think it's like a real dog or
something he's still so young so I'm
gonna try this out and if this doesn't
work then we're gonna have to try the
harder bones and stuff hard objects for
him to chew on guys this is amazing they
have discount Club Penguin memberships
it's lit but to cop this one month
membership and turn up on the on the
slopes with my to vote to go to be with
my penguin so the worst possible case
scenario just happened at Walmart we
were in line for honestly we went to the
non Express line like the lady in front
of us had a gift card and the Machine
wasn't reading it properly so it took us
literally like 20 to 25 minutes
just cuz Loki I was kind of embarrassed
to leave a line like I felt bad if I
left the line like the lady at cash for
default weird I don't know so we just
waited and yeah 25 minutes later we got
her stuff so we had to run back in to
grab something really quickly I hope
she's not going in that same line that
we were just in but as soon as she comes
out I might go stop and get a salad or
something I'm really hungry I haven't
eaten too much today and then I want to
go home and see wolfy jr. I already
missed this guy like it's a problem I'm
addicted to this puppy I'm addicted so
it turns out the pet store is actually
open so now I can actually get some high
quality stuff because it's only 7:40 and
it closes at 9:00 so we have all day in
here
get him nice chewing things nice beds up
there I'm gonna ask her help so here's
the cat treehouses that I was talking
about but I don't think the puppies will
puppies can't climb like like cats can
so that's a flop get off our mattress
you know we got a cute cat here hey
buddy how's it going probably gonna get
one of these little hammock things for
it or maybe just a DS bed
honestly Walmart had better options in
my opinion where's my dog we left why
does that have him that doesn't like him
hey we got you a bed got you a bed got
you toys what the hell is this it's all
about this I need to take him into his
bed I sit there for a second and he's
probably not gonna like it because it's
not a human and you're sleeping on
humans but at the same time it's way
more Dee's in his last bed was so be
ready this is his old debt
his own bed and Urey yeah here load up
this is the comfy comforts fight anybody
let's pull this out
there's not look at this look at this he
loves it done ah already ready to sleep
in the new bed he takes up a quarter
lesson a little crack which one do you
want to start with you want start with
this one so he gave you this one this is
one I got for you there just take the
tag off he loves it
don't Kong so guys I think he likes the
new bed and I think he likes his new toy
he's been chewing on this one and this
wait see when it's away from him he gets
pissed so we're watching YouTube now
this is how it is when we're watching
YouTube and over there cleaned up my fan
mail as you guys can see so there's no
more mess on that desk which is blessed
slowly but surely we're getting
everything organized and obviously it's
gonna have to get packed soon good to
see that I'm finally getting organized
right before I'm going to cut wolfy jr.
what are you doing why are you biting on
all the stuff you're not supposed to
bite on it's guys biting on all the tags
that we didn't take off yet you're a
snake don't jump yet no don't do that
jump okay let me cut this off for you
buddy I cut it off I cut it off come get
come get it
oh okay come and get me come come lick
the camera I'm like yeah come quire me
who wouldn't love this dog if you don't
have this dog unsubscribe my channel so
quick night trip to LA Bligh's basically
we need to pick up some baby wipes for
the little baby puppy I also have to
grab something for one of my videos
basically water bottles after you have
baby wipes
honestly I might want to get I don't
know if they sell little dog treats just
to hold the puppy over for now because
honestly separation anxiety is real and
like since we got him we haven't been
separated like one of us has either had
him cuddling with him the whole time and
right now even though it's like 12
o'clock at night this guy is so hyper
and he's been hyper for the longest I've
seen him bhai perfor usually he'll nap
but he is just going wild so basically
we're trying to hurry this trip out and
be back in like 20 minutes or less
because as soon as we left the room we
heard him cry and I felt bad right away
so we're rushing amazing they have cat
and dog treats so let's just get some
small dog treats
to hold them over it's not suitable for
pedicures under five pounds though this
is a one and a half pound so know that
back you got to grow up into these
dental stakes you can't just eat them
right away
but grab some chicken because I know you
like to chicken
so these guys kind of look like him
peanut butter and a honey
grilled chicken flavor and grilled
chicken is probably what we're gonna do
we're gonna test out grilled chicken
flavor and see if he likes this so we
got the extra-large
lavender pads or just the odor free pads
training pads for puppies I know these
are probably the more ghetto kind
President's Choice but this one looks
more like a dog then yeah I guess that
one counts their dog fifty come on for
cheaper just somewhere where you go let
it sit until he fills up everything you
know did my mom send you to pick no
she's like guys I was just getting a sub
because I haven't really eaten much
today my mom sends me this she's like he
was crying
there's yes I learned you he never gets
any alone time he's just chilling with
my dad and my mom in bed yeah cheese
ya know a long time I'm coming back to
see you buddy how's your first treat
buddy how is it he's trying to eat it
all got mad pieces got a long way to go
hope you're tired now cuz we are going
to bed no finish your treat finish your
treat finish your treat coming coming
right there so buddy you sitting on my
lap then what's over there
why'd you poop on the ground why don't
you tell us about your poop hmm he looks
guilty doubt seeing your bum and stinky
whose man is this alright just go to bed
and no more pooping all right guys so we
got the barricade for wolfy jr.
until we get our propagation but
basically I'm gonna end the vlog off
there because half an hour ago I
actually just passed out with him for
like probably thirty minutes and I'm
exhausted now so I'm gonna go to bed if
you guys joined the vlog make sure to
give it a big thumbs up let's see if we
can hit 20k likes because fuck it let's
hit 20k likes and if you guys made it to
the very end of the vlog I want you guys
to comment down below stop peeing on the
floor Wolfie jr. stop peeing on the
floor because this guy's probably peed
even though he has a pee pad
when we don't directly like tell them to
go to the peep at this guy's peed on the
floor like over 10 times in one day and
you pooed twice on the floor yeah you
did yeah you did anyways again I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay Savage
