hey you're whisking this your wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy today is
gonna be a little bit of a short vlog
I'm gonna try and fill you guys in on
basically everything that's been going
on in my life I wasn't able to vlog
yesterday because as you guys will see
on my main channel by the time this
video is up
I bought a friggin dog I bought wolfy
jr. right here hey wolfy jr. say hi to
the camera
Cleo cut we're trying to film the
washing machine is going off anyways
yeah so I bought a dog so yesterday me
and DJ went all the way to Toronto which
is like a four no five hour drive from
where I live ish if you go fast and I
drove all the way up and basically
almost all the way back so I was busy
driving so I couldn't edit I couldn't
really film a blog I was filming
everything from my main channel so I
don't really have time to film a lot so
right now I'm just giving you guys a
little update on the puppy the puppy is
doing good he's 14 weeks old I've only
had him for a day so far but I'm already
in love with him check out the stuff he
came with hold up so he came with like
iolite in my room
he came with like a little basket of
stuff he came with a bunch of people up
there dry food up there hold on I'll
give you a better look wet food and dry
food up there it's got his dog bowls and
stuff I haven't had time to go to the
store to buy him more food I want to buy
him like really expensive shit I want
this guy to eat like a king and I also
want to go get him toys some outfits
maybe maybe pimp this guy oh you know
he's got like his little shirt he came
with it says hey says bow-wow on the
back so yeah not too much crazy
information about the dog if you guys
actually want to know more about the dog
go to Sylvia's channel she's posting a
video and more detail about the dog I
don't really know much about dogs except
for the fact that I got this guy knees
cutest fuck about the house we are
officially moving out of this house in
like I'd say a week maybe less than a
week so that's gonna be really busy I'm
planning on leaving a lot of my stuff
here and buying a lot of new stuff for
the new house because we're moving into
a pretty modern house I want to have
mainly new stuff it's so dark but yeah
the house is furnished so it comes with
a bunch of furniture so we don't really
need to buy anything we've just went to
Ikea as you guys saw on the other vlog
we bought like the main stuff you need
like dishes stuff for the bathrooms
towels just like the essential stuff
anyone who need any house look at this
dog sleeping next to me also another
update I wanted to fill you guys in on I
want to drop merch
I've been brainstorming merch for like
the past month straight I've been
brainstorming logos brainstorming all
this other stuff and I really want to
get merch out soon like within the next
month or two months I want to have
something out at least and I obviously
want to have something that I would wear
that I find swaggy I can't handle this
dog right now and something that you
guys would find cool that you would wear
friggin wherever you go like the mall
school doesn't matter like if you guys
wear my merch that's fucking blessed so
I really need to stop being such a
perfectionist about the logo and all the
designs and all that stuff because you
can change merch up so I want to get
that on the go very soon so that you
guys can have some dope stuff to wear
okay because this dog is restless right
now I'm gonna show you the tricks that
you can do check this out hey show them
your tricks look at this he matches the
bed if we flip him around this way he
blends he blends into the bed we're
gonna wait okay wolfy jr. listen listen
man do something all right come here
come come come here okay you know what a
cub that I have the camera are you you
might be camera shy
hey come here come here don't jump off
the bed now sit sit sit
do you know Syd you don't know Syd Syd
okay whoa whoa whoa get away from the
bed Syd definitely doesn't sit sit sit
read away lay down hey okay don't fall
off the bed for two SEC's you know what
I'm gonna bring you with me the washing
machine just keeps going off and it's
really pissing me off so go man oh yeah
guys I've been editing the surprising my
girlfriend with a puppy video all
morning hold on
turn this on put him okay you know what
we're just not gonna put you down
actually stay there for two seconds
don't move don't move off okay back in
my hands I don't like putting a stone on
the ground this cute little puppy but
everything has just been very rushed in
the past few days because I've been
trying to bang out videos on my main
channel and my vlogging channel I've
been getting less and less time to vlog
and that's why I got to make it up for
this one take quick update video on the
second channel right now oh we got a
freaking tennis ball let's see if we can
play with the ball Hey
ready we got a ball go fetch
guys like nigga what the fuck is that
alright okay he just wants to sit
alright so yeah we got the puppy just in
time for the new house new house new
puppy relatively new car life's good
right now life's clean right now I'm
gonna make sure this puppy does not puke
and stuff like as much as my cats do at
home hey were you were you climbing oh
my god don't fall don't fall I'm gonna
feed him really good and make sure I
don't overfeed him cuz I don't want to
puke hey it is but yo will be Junior
what you saying I don't know if there's
dog castles and like those dog plate
structures that they sell for cats at
the store but if there is for like just
this little guy I'm gonna buy one for
him because you know you need you
exercise you gotta stay in shape
diet wolfy diet wolfy jr. apparently
we're not supposed to take them outside
too much right now but I really really
really want to get him a leash and take
him on a walk even though I'm not going
to I really want to I want this guy to
see the outdoors I wanted to come in the
backyard on the hammock all that stuff
and right now it's Saturday which is
kind of annoying because we can't go to
the vet until Monday because we bought
him on but on Thursday no bottle on
Friday so we can't go to the vet until
Monday but we need to go to the vet on
Monday to get him a checkup and get the
insurance and all that stuff he's been
having like these little sprees of power
where he just goes off for a bit and
then he just lays down like I guess this
is what it's like to have a baby like
they just go off for a bit and then stop
doing everything and then go off for a
bit and then stop again
my mom's been obsessed as the dog so far
right here cuz I'm just chilling in your
room chilling my parents room right now
my mom keeps checking in to see what's
happening and Cleo is coming which means
Lionel's coming yeah the cat's follow
you the cat's don't really know what to
think of the dog so far Cleo what like
they're super protective over their
house so like I'm trying to introduce
them to the dog or the puppy but I've
been holding them like this Cleo
if you climb I swear there's gonna be
problems look at this whoa whoa whoa
whoa well he jumped up too quick
anyways yeah Lionel and Cleo don't know
what to think about this dog it just
randomly showed up for the house and
guys as much as my dad says he hates a
dog and how he didn't want a dog ever
he's been petting the dog most so his
face what's wrong his face nothing he
hate he had a few accidents he peed in
the bed but he has a pee pad he knows
how to pee on the pee pads but sometimes
he can't hold it in his bladder just
tiny and they're just like little
squirts of pee but yeah so far
everything is good with the dog I'm glad
I got him you know what I don't regret
going those long distances and traveling
to get you buddy just keep keep sleeping
on my stomach this is why I like old
dogs dogs sit Cleo you never stay with
me that's why I'm gonna have to just
like ignore you
you're not my favorite anymore are you
why no the moment I got this guys you
guys will see in my main Channel video
legit and if you haven't here main
channel video I don't know why you
haven't seen it cuz it came out before
this so go check that out before you go
see this huh either/or doesn't matter
but yeah the second I got this guy this
is what he did he just came sat on my
stomach i sat on my lap and that's what
I knew I had to get him because I want a
friend like this my cats are just so
independent cleo goes in my room right
now to go steal the frame dog food she's
been eating dog food and lions brainless
lion and smartest guy I still love you
though what else do I have to update
another update I almost thought I broke
my camera which would have been
horrifying because I use this thing
every single day now on the back of this
there was like a little small screw that
was loose so every time I flipped up the
screen like this you can't see it but
you can hear the screen flipping up
right now it almost sounded like kind of
like glass was shattering but I guess it
was just the metal plates rubbing up
against each other so I screwed it in
with these come on come on this guy just
keeps falling asleep like handling so we
had these metal screws right here
screwdrivers and I managed to be
handy-dandy Wolfie and fix my camera so
everything is positive everything's good
right now guys if you're watching this
vlog and you're having a bad day
remember I love you guys Wolfie jr. do
you love them alone we both love you
stay positive stay happy there's just so
many things in life you need to smile
for like this damn puppy and if you are
happy remember to stay happy because
that is the way to get things fucking
done can I do this cat trick
yay oh okay flop cRIO watch out so this
is what my room looks like right now
sensor off so that sensor is started dog
texting dog blanket Easter dinner dogs
bag that we carry him in it's nice and
leopard skin Silvia's clothes that the
dog was eating hello hey my mom's been
obsessed with this dog just get just
leave me alone you've been here you the
dog Hey
anyways my mom's obsessed with the dog
and then we got his pee pad that he went
pee on as you can see this peak that
needs to get thrown out so yeah those
are a few things that are going on in my
life right now nothing too crazy expect
in the next week to see me in a new
location a lot of the time because I'll
be in a different house hopefully in
that house everything goes well and I
don't get evicted because of how loud I
film my videos we'll see if I get
evicted we'll just find another house
whatever another update I still need to
do the paintball video with the
paintball gun but gee I just went to a
camp for a week so Jack's on in town so
minimum it's gonna be a week before we
film that don't worry I have Bangor
saved up that I'm gonna fucking drop but
I haven't done a team album video with
all five members friggin me David
Sean BJ and jad you guys have not seen a
full team album video let alone fucking
like part team Abba video my channel in
a minute so I promise that a long time
ago I got to do that I'm not looking
forward to that because I paintball gun
is fast as hell what are you doing with
my dog no you're doing laundry
he's coming how is he helping here yeah
my mom's addicted to - wolfy jr. oh yeah
one more update I'm still not verified
on Twitter but I'm verified on Instagram
so let's get it literally how fucking
funny is that like I've been begging
Twitter to verify me and I haven't even
asked Instagram to verify me once and I
just log on my Instagram one day
yesterday when I was friggin taking the
dog home at the gas station go on
Instagram and I'm fuckin verified so
Twitter what are you waiting for like
I'm about to write Instagram a love song
but yeah I think that's it all the
updates I need to fill you guys in on
sorry for the short vlog I've been
extremely busy yesterday I was like
unable to vlog so I'm making it up for
at least something today again I hope
you guys are having a blessed fucking
day so that is it for today's video on
more Wolfie I hope you guys enjoyed if
you did
to give it a big thumbs up can we smash
20,000 likes on this friggin update
video go hit that like button let me
know please Wolfram let's get 20,000
likes on this one so I can drop another
bang or vlog for you guys tomorrow
and if you guys actually made it to the
end of this video I fucking love you
guys so I want you guys to comment
something down below so I know you the
true wolf in that made it to the end so
comment down below
Sylvia needs to buy Wolfie a unicorn
because I bought her a puppy I'm gonna
fucking unicorn now so comment that down
below and I will see you guys soon armor
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and has
always stay savage now
