good morning a Yolo edition boy will be
welcome back to more wolfy we are in the
kitchen today I got a bunch of supplies
here my laptop
Cleo's right here she woke me up this
morning right Cleo so how many
camera-shy
so yeah we are in DIY wolfies natural
habitat and we are about to film
probably an extremely big banger in the
next few weeks I'm filming a ridiculous
amount of banger videos I ordered a
bunch of stuff online I'm waiting for it
to come in but as soon as it comes in
you already know that shit's about to
get lit in the filming session yes oh my
gosh don't know me yeah guys you already
see this my pictures I took of Sylvia
were so good last time that she's
already demanding around to Instagram
boyfriend Wolfie has to take some pics
because she's gonna film my DIY wolf
even today okay let's go we have five
minutes my time is valuable where you
get those boots when did you get those
boots when did you get those yeah so
yeah I guess I'm taking photos first and
then we're gonna film the banger I want
to get some clothes today I think we
should have time in the mall downtown
actually like rito-san aware up from
it's like one of the bigger malls
there's three malls here and auto of it
like anyone gives a about there's
Rideau Center Bay Shore and Stainland
all but Sandler is not even poppin
basically at Rideau center they just
open like a new expansion of stores so
they have Frank and oak there they have
what else do they have
H&M which is only a Bay Shore before
which is blessed because it's closer to
my house and then they have a bunch of
other mmm new stores so I'm gonna go
check those out later today a 5-time
because I want to buy some new shirts I
don't know what happened to all my
shirts I think I lost them and yeah I
just woke up so you can see my eyes are
really close but I'm gonna take these
photos and hopefully by the time I'm
done that I'm wide awake
let's go so this area is done now we're
moving on to the chair uh shots are you
taking pics Jackson's outside what are
you saying Jackson for anyway okay yeah
here we go got the rocking chair so out
a part of the stuff I ordered online I
got a free orange lollipop hold on let
this focus come on please alright it's
not gonna focus anyways I got a free
orange lollipop in the mail with to stop
that order for the DIY so it's just like
an extra treat we are about to film the
pictures went well I'm Lim
on time for filming because I want to go
to the mall and buy stuff today coming
to the mall forever and I'm really
excited so let's see how quick we can
bang the out I know what good is
you're both welcome back to DIY Boop
guys this is what my kitchen looks like
after filming I'm pretty sure I stained
this ball stained this little stained
mat I definitely stain this red I have a
torch for some reason my counter is
disgusting Sylvia's vacuuming up the
stairs over there
my Explorer is kind of disgusting put it
this way you boy DIY wolf he just gets
the whole kitchen a mess so I don't know
if the new house is ready for that yet
gonna have to break it in slowly but
I've done some fucked-up to this
kitchen man but look at how lit this
torches watch this torch you turn it on
okay there's no flame you can barely see
the flame but check this out do not play
with fire but you can grab these things
and fill it up so you put this stuff
into the bottom of the torch and then
this is what happens by the way don't
play with fire because this is
definitely a bad idea but your boy will
be full of bad ideas okay that was way
less cool than I thought it was gonna be
yeah we're gonna light on fire
I almost lit my camera on fire alright I
got a clean mom would you say the cat
shed hair how much hair today shed lots
of hair would you say this much here
what is this
that's disgusting nothing you think a
dog is gonna shed this much hair guys
look at how much hair Sylvia picked up
when she is um vacuuming Jackson sheds
the most I've ever seen any cow shed
guys this is two minutes of vacuuming
and this thing is almost filled up to
the maximum no it is filled up to the
max level of just cat hair those stairs
are naturally brown okay they were all
gray on top so what do you have to say
alright we need to just
we need to auction off our cats so guys
my hand is fully stained from today's
video I tried washing it but it's not
coming off my arm is pretty sticky it
was just a show Cleo come here
don't be nice to her
this is why I have hair on the table
because Cleo just comes and sits on the
table sit down here Cleo sit here and
now she's gonna shed hair on Sylvia
you're too cute that's why oh that's
cute
she thinks it's another cat whose girl
is this she heard the vacu now after
making my DIY Sylvia's making DIY
sandwiches so for DIY sandwiches
basically all you want to meet sandwich
cheese lettuce and then the condiments
of your choice I don't really like
condiments on my sandwich so hot sauce
yeah whatever you know whatever eyes we
stab it all the time we have arugula and
spinach there honey
field greens a and lettuce so for the
buns guys you want to use buns that look
very crusty okay
can you walk us through the steps um no
first you want to cut the bun in half
mm-hmm open it up okay and then what mom
Tosun eyes are so sparkly oh they get
out here
cut the bunion I touch the next step I
teacher wolfies coming over here these
are the glasses that make me blind
because they're mine oh they make your
eyes so big are you stretching them out
I know you can do it amigos oh give me
the meat oh my god show your glasses
they redo oh you want me now everybody
you with me way back then how about
no because I got me right now
no I know you got to go he knows not to
come on the table but he'll bag a lot a
camera looks so out of focus with it's
so in focus
but with these glasses it looks so
blurry ah but it looks so clear here wow
this looks so cool there we got a new
hat
let's fetch my mom's here we're at the
mall guys oh they opened up a
holding section okay there's a whole new
section but anyways we're meeting up
with my sister now to give her a ticket
for a redblacks game football team and
then we're going to Ikea because we've
got to pick up stuff for the house we
basically decided upon the house so now
we just have to go scout out like stuff
that's gonna look nice in it guys look
at this friends and family discount
shudder to McKenzie we just ran into her
outside of H&M and I was actually going
H&M shirt and the pants I have are from
H&M so now I got a discount here 25% off
this is amazing so thank you McKenzie I
appreciate it means a lot guys I'm
increasing my swag right now got my
discount card so we put this or is this
not my style
kind of fresh
check in the mirror
if this is a little bit longer I could
look wavy but it's so tight on my biceps
needs a flop and trying this on next my
mom last day you try this one guys check
this one freshly
so the girl hooked it up I got a nice
25% discount on a hoodie and another
hoodie I got a blade Eddie the gray
hoodie in the black hood you know a gray
sweater in the black sweater because
nothing looks good I'm here nothing else
fit me in the story but now we're
walking through the Rideau Center and
I'm gonna go to the bank cuz I have to
do something there then we're gonna go
to Ikea to check for furniture for the
house guys this is where the sinkhole
was your crossing is for you gonna
happen that's where I usually vlog the
sinkhole from but it's down here and
it's fully filled in and like reto
centers pimped out now so they're making
progress I don't know what that is
that's supposed to be a picture or
something but yeah it's wavy the goal
today is not do too many puns to the
point where everyone hates me but at the
same time my goal today is do too many
puns to the point where hey they hate me
so let's see if we can successfully do
this mission I almost fell Mission
Impossible go yellow are you sure you
can't afford are you sure you can afford
all right this one's unsuccessful
continue oh man mom I love sitting down
sitting down is always fun
so I wanted to say something how are you
gonna let me finish
oh all right are you gonna let me get it
steady guys this is what our house is
gonna look like at all times this
kitchen table with minimum two plates on
top of each other and forks and knives
and a cutting board for every plate
every play gets a cutting board
everything on on sambar Oprah Oprah
I know Ellen no bro Wow have you seen
this thing it's so expensive bit so
expensive guys as I do more and more
puns I've realized that I've been here
so many times that I've basically done
every pun and it gets harder and harder
because I'm running out of things that I
haven't done so right now we're looking
oh yeah it is convinced we're looking
for a TV stand then I think we're in the
right section black or white Oh
or this one this one's nice
TV bench we're also gonna need TV for
the house this might be the one
just long unit black I think DJ oh my
yeah but yeah but nothing's going to go
in there wherever never gonna put
anything in there I like this and this
one's way eighty bucks really long get a
widescreen TV simple it's really simple
we're not doing too well so far guys all
we got is a fake plant which cost like
five bucks so we're going for a TV bench
and then like utensils and stuff just a
basic so far today I think what this
club is only like $2.99 I'd have to be
stingy to buy that stingy okay here you
go Silvia here's your puppy you always
wanted whoa why'd you throw him down no
take him back take him back it's your
puppy I got our puppy everything's good
everything's good down see you see was
still on the hunt for a puppy don't hate
me
so yeah I'm so far gone fart fart fart
farts on yeah we're getting all these so
we're going getting all metal everything
we just went off we're in the section
where we're buying mad stuff now oh my
god yes cheese grater
the grater is necessary okay this one's
stuck this one
Hey cheese grater
there's so much stuff here so first
built everything we just bought came up
to 666 dollars that's not a good not a
good sign but it is what it is I think
we have to buy something a little extra
just because I don't like that number at
all but look at that look how neatly
packed it is my mom helped out Scott
bags on bags we are good to go
I've even like the sandwich Sylvia made
me and a baby cucumber and it's like
7:00 p.m. so we got to go get food and
we have to stop at Loblaws I think so
we're now in Loblaws picking up a few
more house supplies like bowls and stuff
like that deeper bowls maybe something
to put juice in or something I don't
know things that you might need from
here to there time to time so we got the
basic salt and pepper shaker and a pan
because we couldn't find what we were
looking for at IKEA so this is what we
need measuring cup two bucks two bucks
perfect and that one's that one has the
circular ones - Wow 20 piece mm-hmm yeah
I like that
we'll get that
it's what happens when you're shopping
for a new house yes I like that I'll get
that
looking ass so we don't need anything
for the coffeemaker or anything like
that because we have our cure egg I
think this is the one we have yeah so
when we have we need something to hold
the milk because in Canada we have
bagged milk instead of cartons of milk
we don't need what we need am oven mitts
Sylvia I'm just waiting for Sylvia to
run into chapters she has these two
pillows that ever since we went to go
get our notebook she's been like staring
at and she can't stop talking about them
so I just parked out front of chapters
I'm waiting for her to come here and
after that we got a decent amount of
stuff done today like I'm pretty amped
about like what we got done today
obviously there's gonna be like another
full day to get like the bigger things
like desks TV all that stuff but the
house is about to be lit you feel me get
ready let's go can we see Sylvia through
the window yes or no not to that window
this windows blocked out where is this
girl the entrance
I'm cheesed she's not there yet oh there
she is she got three three pillows she
needs to chill oh my god she needs to
chill why'd you get three why'd you get
three didn't good what's not nothing
what is it a matching blanket oh my god
so she got two of the fur pillows and
I'm matching fur blanket how much should
that cost if you're fixed how are you
doing guys a lot yeah but it's worth it
cuz it's quality
yeah quality over quantity look at all
this stuff sorry if you guys can't hear
me my brother's playing with his band in
the basement Cleo Cleo are you excited
about me moving you're not you're not
excited she's on she's on watch for
another cat guys so I was randomly
checking my Twitter DM and it's like a
bunch of elbow superfans right
now it's lit the DMS are insane
albo savages well if you notice me I got
you guys don't worry mad people in the
DM z-- I don't like the title of it
notice us ways but it is what it is
Delta everybody in here we got Ricky I
guess Emily or M I will fan top trash
Alba all day Raymond Lee goddamn Rebecca
everyone's going hard shout out to
everyone in this conversation it's Liz
 right now so me and Sylvia are
hunting for the dogs right now and we
might have found one that's really nice
apparently it stays really small which
is a positive that's what we want for at
least one of them not gonna say that
we're getting multiple dogs yet even
though down for a palm ski but
yeah apparently they don't ship to
Canada for some reason which is annoying
so we're gonna have to figure out either
to drive there which is a pretty far
drive or figure out a way to get them to
ship it to Canada because why not
you know wolfy I should just say ho I'm
wolfy I deserve a wolf as a pet
you should just ship it out to Canada or
something I don't know put it in a box
ship it to me suck it out I want a
 dog
give us a dog man so yeah mm-hmm what's
the dog's name
wellthey Junior no but what's the dog's
name that they're calling it what are
they calling a dog we don't know which
ones are gonna got yet what's one of the
dog's names
jellybean I might keep that name we
should keep one exhilarating I wanna
know who comes up with all these dog
names just like cute names calm and they
just give them to the
jellybeans cute what's the other one's
name cotton cotton cons the other one so
it's between jellybeans or cotton or
just maybe somewhere oh I am we're
getting shown one tomorrow so hopefully
the one tomorrow morning is lit tomorrow
all the stuff for the house should be
figured out and we should be making a
bunch of the calls which is very
important because obviously we need good
internet in the house we need good
electricity we need water like that's
just the stuff you need when you move
into a house so we're gonna be figuring
out all that stuff tomorrow and I forgot
to turn the ISO down so I'm light as
 right now oh there you go down a
little darker alright that's better
alright guys so me and Silvia are headed
off to go get her
midnight vanilla cone so I'm gonna end
the vlog off there we got a really busy
day tomorrow if you guys enjoyed the
vlog make sure to give it a big thumbs
up let's see if we can smash 20,000
likes we've been smashing it on every
vlog so far so go down and hit that like
button right now and if you guys made it
to the very end of the vlog you guys are
the truest wolf am i with you guys
so hard I want you guys to comment
something down below so I know you made
it to the end so comment down below
good luck puppy hunting because right
now I'm feeling really good about the
puppy so comment down below
good luck puppy hunting that's it and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
than my main channel and as always stay
savage no
