I'm gonna shoot a ball it's not good
morning aunt you know what's gonna soup
werewolf be welcome back to more wolfy
another day another cold canada day
don't worry we're heading back to LA
soon I'm in a bit of a rush this morning
because Bongo and Ryan are outside
waiting they have to go to Best Buy but
before we begin the vlog
you guys already know what it is make
sure to go down hit that like button
let's hit 35,000 likes right Wolfie
that's Prince Wolfie 35 35,000
okay last 35,000 likes let's get the day
started
guys we just came the best why I've
never tried VR like virtual reality oh
but I'm literally in space this is so
trippy right now Jeep and it's jumping
with nothing on the screen what you
don't see space no did it turn off are
you turning on there's nothing there
year old great guys my worst nightmare
has officially happened in the store
I lost vongole I lost his brother and I
lost Ryan I don't know where any of them
are I'm solo dolo in a store when I was
a kid this is like I can so scared I
think I found Ryan this guy was just
there strapping a beard by himself or
you almost sit in the home cinema and
watch a movie until you come to find me
life hack instead of panicking and
trying to find your friends let your
friends find you
DJ's huge no they're selling pokeballs
here guys I choose you
so guys never let your friends leave you
in a Best Buy where there's a set of
$10,000 speakers because some was trying
to sell me for five minutes on the sound
system saying yo listen to this plane in
flying sound effect I was like y'all
have surround sound he's like yeah but
you don't you don't got it like this bro
so if you can learn any life lesson guys
stay in groups in stores that want to
sell you commission-based doors gyro
gone wrong bongos tire just went flat me
and Ryan are now in an uber to go to my
mom's house I still have my car so I
need to pick up her car do any errands
today but yeah guys this is how the
Ottawa winter is treating me basically
my
I went flat bongos tires going flat so
now hopefully when I pick up my new car
either tomorrow or the next day it
doesn't go flat right away because that
would suck but uh
here
that's faster faster who can guess what
video I'll about to filming this is
literally my favorite store of all time
shout out to in Polish to me shout out
to this store sign up to me again got to
me one more time and shout out to Home
Depot because they literally sell
everything I need for every video and
most importantly shout out to me again
guys times have really really changed
all I want to do is come to Walmart to
find them in boat like literally just
like a regular boat they don't even sell
them anymore the only boat I could find
was this next expensive boat that is not
simple at all but it just shows how
times have changed from like a year ago
when I was 16 because now I'm 17 this is
ridiculous and now they're out here
Walmart selling their own Walmart merch
for all my trucks no kid is driving a
Walmart shop like come on we got these
crazy pics our car trucks of them
Walmart brand I'm stressed we're taking
a trip down memory lane guys visiting
the old habla house now you see where it
is yeah guys go ahead
you guys want to actually no don't don't
go to that don't go to the house but
like there was always six cars right
here
holy smokes yeah at least there's
something there I miss this place man I
can't show you a number so I'm a
blurred-out guys would just know it's
what girls and guys do when they get a
little freaky all right Elmo has even
nice do they pay in the garage whoever
lives in there I feel bad for you
because I've put that those kids done
Brian's room up I painted it one layer
it doesn't matter guys like I did so
many pranks were I'm not gonna mention
it just cuz I don't want the landlord to
see if that don't suit me what's going
on guys you know what it is Wolfie here
and I'm back with my little brother
Wolfie and I'm back with my little
brother
Hey
you know I just want to take the camera
take a second to announce that I will be
coming back to YouTube yeah life-sized
chocolate every bite sized chocolate
human oh wait there it is stable knees
in the house so you don't need to put it
right up there more Wolfie needs the
camera guy like me alright let's go
we're holding up with traffic here here
we go here we go today guys we're gonna
be doing some special stuff alright shut
the hell up
welcome back Rory arena if you want to
come say hi okay so we're back at it
again guys you guys have been begging
for album videos I brought everyone
except David because surely you won't
come back
yay you're gone and now we're all fired
anyways guys I thought what was one of
the og videos that liked me and all
these guys have done there's a few
that's like how much money would have to
pay you to do this but we also did a lot
of would you rather so before we even
start with this challenge go down and
smash the like button I want for 8,000
nobody kill everybody
okay I'm gonna shoot them all anyways
guys so I have a bunch of questions
literally I didn't make any of these
questions I have the game would you
rather so if you want to see more of
these smash like button because there's
like thousands of them so many but I
picked the ones that I think would be
hard for us we're just gonna get right
into it you're blind or deaf I'm
swinging at anybody's head and I want
quick answer
Oh quick answer the first one would you
rather have for the Keith what terrible
breath or have perfect facial skin but
terrible bacne Oz oh for sure
well you could like take government to
them
like we have to deal with all you have
morning breath constantly teaching
where's the morning breath I don't know
groan halitosis
y'all honestly I'm pulling at David
period Schwimmer my t-shirt on the whole
time you know whatever I would do the
yeah it's not cheating let's see well
then your breath isn't bad you ready to
give your breakfast bad but like you're
bossy just when you're gonna do a gun
and spray acts just like you can put a
shirt on to cover your back beat ya by
is still there yeah so is your breath no
one sees back unless you're cracking
okay
next there you go all right would you
rather make $100,000 a year as in Moscow
who constantly gets beat up by drunken
sports fans or as a drunken sports fan
how hard the beating is give us a quick
school are like a giant pillow no no no
you get jumped no no take it off and
snuff you
oh go viral
you just got rights back I'm rich okay
first of all here's the thing I went way
rather a $25,000 a year bonus to get
juice anyway I just entered a ballgame
and stuff a mascot that's easy
what's a wushu boom here yeah here you
have another job though you're not oh
you have other job oh yeah actually
we're all getting stuff we love money
oh okay no money
anyways bro Sookie starting a viral
video where you wipe out a nice make no
money just start a herpes commercial
which sucks and make guns is it a
serious to me cause you're nervous
Randy it's a hurt you of you're like oh
my god I heard these Volvo and you just
like known as the herpes hi I'm these
design and I have herpes
no you want to get rid of your herpes
all you gotta do it just says being lead
or making good money
I'll get herpes oh you actually don't
get it you know yeah you do the viral
video you can say subscribe to my
channel and then keep grinding and
hopefully those subs turn into beans
leave that and you can make how cares
about the money we're just here to get
borrow I don't want to be a part of this
okay oh this is B drums for the next
week right okay okay I'm just gonna ask
one at a time this one starting at DJ
then Charlotte will just go this way
would you rather get rid of 50% of your
debt or get rid of 100% of your back fat
I found ya
constantly trying to just pop you can
you try the woodpecker so we know we
know which ones okay next we'll never be
able to trust your best friend I never
be able to trust your parts Ryan the
first you're like I'm like Jay smart
like Ryan oh just like you just can't
trust never be able to trust her friend
your best friend yeah we got that
it's like we do that only Oh No so
you're getting slapped up gorgeous
literally that's what I'm saying so much
that if you just pick out one
imperfection just say shuttle how about
that probably one
trying to do the whole time well have
you never been a part of a novel video
you know ko
would you rather commute to work on the
giant slip-n-slide but you have to spend
the day in your wet bathing suits our
commute home from work using a pogo
stick if you have to take the highway by
the time you finish oh it had run like a
year you're like I'll do pogo stick no
that's like the plastic
we'll call myself a new bathing suit
link in the description last question
either find out you're married to a
serial killers kid take your hat off
please Ryan's plan uses I'm using this
clip when I leave I'm going to use here
is not product didn't you let me see the
back
oh this is my coincidence playing crazy
basketball kids free yeah so you know
we're good friends whose friendship this
French I have the wave is here now so it
can never be bad hyah sound effect wins
I don't know how I don't know how no
listen listen listen listen listen
listen
nothing like a late night film session
on my mom's house guys me and Dustin
just banged out a main Channel video
very exciting guys you guys my mom's
kicking me out of her house right now
literally I'm making Sylvia come and get
me she said she's baking cookies at home
so I'm kind of aged but yo tomorrow
morning is the day that I'm picking up
my car I have not decided how I'm gonna
reveal it but I'm gonna film everything
tomorrow just in case I decide to reveal
it in a cool way and whatever way I
might do like a revealing like
explaining the car and then I I need to
get to know the characters are you know
they turned out well but we're gonna
figure that out tomorrow or the next day
because tomorrow's also New Year's happy
New Year to everyone by the way because
actually this might drop after you this
might drop a day after New Year's to be
honest guys
Happy New Year's what's your what's your
new year's resolution comment it down
below my new year's resolution is I need
to get back in the fucking gym
yeah bench three plates again I need to
get back in the gym a and I need to eat
healthier I've been slacking in LA to be
honest and I've just been eating a lot
of post mates and you can see it in my
face literally guys it sucks okay so I
gotta get back into that me and Ryan are
gonna do it together
cuz when you have a partner it gets
better Sylvia said she's gonna be on
that health tip too so your boys gonna
get absolutely shredded by the
summertime that's my new year's
resolution comment yours down below if
you want to go on the fitness journey
with me feel free I'm gonna update you
guys in the vlogs so that's gonna be fun
the new car is gonna be dope it's gonna
be like a new year new Wolfie even
though everyone says new you new me new
hair new glasses literally I ended this
year becoming a new Wolfie we want the
OL blah feedback shut the fuck up you
want the new Wolfie hit the like button
if you want to see a car video we can
have like 40,000 likes I will do a car
video I'll figure out a way to do it and
have it sick and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
