good morning it was good with Wolfie
right now I am downtown I got a meeting
this morning I got a bang out but that's
good because I usually don't wake up
this early so now I'm awake and I'll be
awake for the rest of the day so it's
good having things to do in the morning
that just get you up I'm gonna go there
in like ten minutes I'm supposed to be
there in ten minutes and then I will
come out and let you guys know how it
goes all right so I just got done
meeting up with the people for the logo
basically that's what I went downtown
for I'm looking into like custom logo
design and all this stuff maybe a
website all that but it went really well
so just expect in the next few weeks me
to come up with some banger stuff not
content but actually yet I guess you can
consider this content I'm just trying to
get the best possible merch for you guys
and I will not stop until I get that I
don't want you guys wearing some beet
 I want you guys wearing some swaggy
a you feel like E so I got you guys
don't worry about it so I called Sylvia
15 minutes ago and said be ready in
three minutes she's like yeah yeah she
fell back asleep and now she's still not
ready it's been another like 20 minutes
I've been sitting on front of my house
just jamming out to my car but I see
this package from FedEx in this bitch
and it's for Sylvia oh you want your
package a blast how about you be outside
on time if you want your package she
leave it at the door
what is this go sing yeah now she comes
don't choose me I still not open I've
been away for like two hours come on so
because my people have been commenting
do war head shot glasses I think I'm
gonna do them I'm involved friend right
now looking for maximum amount of
warheads my new skittle shot glasses -
that's what a lot of people tell me to
do even though I'm not supposed to be
doing any more shot glasses you guys
just keep telling me do more do more do
more so it's all for you guys hey
warheads here we go let's buy them all
yay
can you rip this
here scooping as many as you can
actually you guys were going so much
over from last time nine through
tomorrow what did I use them for last
time I saw a video you have so many oh
yeah yeah
Bob marnix but even me why you have
warheads down here but then you also
have warheads up here like come on look
how easy this bag is so bigger than
Sylvia's head we got bigger bag and
Celia's head it's a lot of warheads okay
that's not the only head that's big guys
you can buy straight up apple pies
really
cherry pie filling this is where wolfy
jr. is gonna know he'll know he only
gets the most high quality food bachlin
why is this rice so black though I don't
it is it so flack wild rice this is the
rice I'm used to seeing stuff like this
but like these are so long so out here
in the meat section getting some
only the best cooked meat turkey salami
because you got to get salami the same
case but stay healthy at the same time
so V is getting some turkey salami
I'm all about my fat-free turkey breast
if you ask me but I'm not getting
anything right now
on semi grocery shopping these are diet
wolfies I never understood people that
like olives especially these big ones
like every time I walk past this like
little area I want to act to you yes can
I see your buns
so yeah can I see your cake cake cake
cake
so yeah
can I see your meat
you know sriracha is taking over when
they make sriracha mayo and then right
over here
they have sriracha ketchup right here
two things and because I'm the real
sriracha God David I'm sorry I gotta get
it so me and so we are watching tapas &
Tiaras you know our favorite show and
these guys are spray tanning a 15 month
old baby they're hoping to win the first
baby peacock grand supreme of a baby
okay young these girls are look at her
shows you know full head of hair trying
to make nails and a 15-month I'm not a
rose this man
they are duct taping the costume on this
 13 year old month baby because
he doesn't want to hurt look what a
snake she spray-painting okay the five
year old we got a Lexus up next with her
mom Nicole I don't even get TV anymore
these shows are so weird by the way diet
wolfy well I watch the show
sorry wolf is on fleek right now okay so
I don't think I'm gonna have time to
film the video I wanted to film before I
went to soccer because I'm going to
soccer today I actually have time to go
to soccer I made sure to edit and
schedule my videos so that I could go to
soccer I've been working out like kind
of lately but I could use this for sure
and I miss like the past two last games
so I need to hit up this game and get
the W because Wolfie doesn't lose hmm
you lost last time though what do you
mean well he doesn't was what do you
mean you definitely lost pretty badly
last time what do you mean no I don't
know whatever that how's the other guy
ah it was for every game I don't know if
we're wearing like a white or black
jersey so I got a double colored Jersey
so that I only have to wear one shirt
and if I show up wearing it I'm good
either way all right we got the swag for
the soccer we are on our way let's go
as you guys can see we're playing a
thief at the house just to get a warm-up
for the actual real-life game cuz FIFA
actually makes you better and
better you play CC you play tennis
that's a parallax fact we have Leo Messi
with us we're gonna win the game today
Tina that's Lea software and I watch
movie wraps he's thank you - Bessie
watches with it if we don't win then
Sean's getting kicked off the team I
mean Messi what Messi's getting any
other is the way
Messi fans are watching this like what
the foots yeah I forgot about that shot
early vlogging no oh you like to boil a
baby
gross then shut the whole world so we're
at the location right now everyone's
warming up got a bunch of teams on the
field and I will fill you guys in when
the game starts apparently we're playing
like Ryan sways his team so we should
spank them today everything's going to
go well okay guys so probably through
the game playing nice the other teams
alright but she's gonna keep pushing and
zero zero right now hope you can get a
goal soon Keyshawn on their jaws right
there let's get it let's go Sean hey
speed speed demon alright guys so we won
the soccer game three to two sorry I
didn't show you any footage of the
soccer game I was too busy playing have
no one to film it because everyone was
busy it was a close game but you know
our team pulled out I think it's because
of my beast cleats
so there's another game going on right
now I'm gonna go home drop my videos my
cardio game is weakest like I
really need to start running again
because I was dying
usually I don't stuff but there was mad
sub say but we came out with the W so
that's automatic so now we are going to
dairy clean as a squad because why not
as balls I would say it's a team trip to
Dairy Queen just like when you have
soccer practice into ten and everyone go
through a big win yeah mommy's gonna pay
hey momma does it thanks Mandy
actually Ryan Swayze gonna pay thanks to
the heat transfer buddy
there's a coin game in Dairy Queen and
literally everyone just bum-rushed the
front of the store to play the coin game
all you do is like drop a coin in the
water and let it fall it has to land on
a platform you figured out about it so
now everyone's going to match these
people trying to buy it's just too
small to do this any of them oh this
vans are these tow guys
positives I just got home but positives
about this new wallet that I got
basically it's super thin and
indestructible as you guys will see in
one of my main channel videos it's
amazing but it's so small that I've
literally lost it three times just today
clay up at my room yeah I've lost it
three times today which is frustrating
me because every time you lose your
wallet obviously you have a mini heart
attack but I check this out my mom's
making me a little website Barros here
we can have a picture if you wants to
contact I can have or not but simple
simple stuff insane queries only
business angry yeah well then that's
just that's all letters home page
the home page is this hey so let's just
we'll be let's get it Scrolls down one
of these sites am the video you can
choose what videos I don't want just
anything whatever one you want I just
put the duck fat one but you can change
that if you want and then the body wings
of your tweets I need to configure
Instagram and then I'm here I'm gonna
get a widget just to have your live
subscriber count' hey that's it
good enough good enough yeah alright
guys so I just dropped the Twitter love
song waiting on doing the Twitter diss
track one month if they don't verify me
your boys gonna have to come back and
just go all out I sounded like a friggin
light-skinned R&B singer in the video I
just dropped so now all we can do is
wait for Twitter to either see it which
they're probably not going to see it or
just verify what will feel like it's a
click of a button you put one's the blue
checkmark that's it it's really not that
hard I have to wait another month before
I can request to get verified again
because I got denied as you guys saw but
now to go crawl up in a corner am I
and just cry myself to sleep because
probably gonna wake up and not be
verified still but you know whatever
Twitter whatever just do do you think it
is that time to go get the vanilla right
now why is there shoulder pads sitting
in this room widow reason so mean so we
are gonna go get this vanilla right
 now so he has got my pants on
and they're all the way up to her
frigging up to her head
don't let your girlfriend wear pants if
she's like wait small you say I want you
to be Lola I'm letting Silvia Drive
because why not and because I just feel
like sitting back at my car and kind of
passing out on the road coming Donald oh
look at the moon tonight I don't know
what you would call that but that's
pretty cool what would you call that
is that a happen it's kind of like a
obtuse triangle moon that's cool I'm
actually mad dope
hey you go for a drive
girl walk roll down the windows open the
sunroof on the on the card put that back
put my arm out let's go for a bit of a
cruise I Sylvia drives like an old lady
when I Drive I literally like I'm
sitting all the way back I should put
this all the way back and lean this even
further back hold up ah
I literally drive like this have my arm
up look at how close this girl's sitting
to the steering feel right now she's on
the steering really honest Erica oh my
god oh whoa whoa whoa whoa buddy whose
man is this
skynaut King wolf was driving sm h at
this driver this guy literally came out
from the turn and didn't even look at us
when he was driving at all so if we were
going a little bit faster we could have
just smoked this guy and got into a
 accident guys look at this truck
oh he bitched out yeah cuz he can turn
ass guy was literally in the middle of
the road the whole intersection he was
taking off those signs he's like nah no
I'm not doing it
this is gonna suck I'm not gonna do it
anymore but his boys made it though it's
boys waited you can make the turn so
guys breaking news typical a when
you go to McDonald's guess what
the ice cream machine was you know out
of service
typical I've seen a vine or like I don't
know was like a Twitter video or
something where I saw this black girl
walk into McDonald's and bring them like
a bunch of tubs of ice cream low-key get
that like button your boy wolfy might
have to do that because every time you
go at like a certain time every time you
go past like 12 o'clock or no just any
time you go to McDonald's does a 50/50
chance of the ice cream machine being
broken and we just ran into that
time right now so very frustrating
sylvie just wants a vanilla cone I'm out
here McDonald's why are you choosing me
just fix your ice-cream machine please
please tell me why you're always broken
why you Brooke please tell me why you
always broke it why but those ad-libs
all right guys so I'm gonna end the vlog
off there me and Sylvia are gonna go
puppy hunting a little bit more
apparently sometime tomorrow some people
that have puppies are going to get back
to us so we're pretty amped because if
that happens at the same time the house
situation happens that's just like it
was meant to be you know so I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up let's
see if we hit 20,000 likes on this vlog
because wolf am just lit that's why and
if you guys made it to the end of vlog I
want you guys to comment something down
below so that I know you're the true
wolf am and you made it to the very end
so comment down below
fix your ice cream machine McDonald's
just come and fix your ice cream machine
cuz cuz what the and I will see you
guys soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than
main channel and as always stay savage
now
