good morning ADA what's gonna chipper
Wolfie welcome back to Marv Wolfie me
and Sylvia are at Shoppers Drug Mart the
the peel box we just ran there I ran
there we just we just drove here now
that's Soviet Drive apparently I have
some stuff from my peel box that I need
to pick up so I'm gonna check if it is
in and then I need to go or no Sylvia
needs to go get stuff for a video so
kill two birds with one stone
and go to Shoppers Drug Mart why am I so
bright I need to turn this ISO down is
that better
I'm still so bright the problems of
being a light-skinned
I hate there we go so it's only been
like a week since the last one and you
guys sent a big box for team elbow and
then a bunch of mail Sylvia has some
stuff over there too so yeah let me see
it stuff right there to shout out all
the people to keep sending stuff here
they know who we are now like every time
I come here like yeah your appeal box
five something bow well if you guys want
to send me stuff and you haven't already
or if you have you can send me more
stuff send it to my peel box the link
will be in the description it's in the
description of all my videos but make
sure when you're sending stuff to that
peal box because me Chad and Sean all
share one of the old box right whose
name you're sending it to or just write
email below if it's for all of us
because then we know who it's going to
like for example Chad with a J gets this
one now we know what's going to Chad
with a J so just make sure to write the
name or all the names of who you want to
send it to so we know let's get the
Kabuki brush is dedica with your brush
so let's get the Kabuki brush
let's get the Kabuki brush all right
let's get the Kabuki brush here actually
that okay
playboy let's get the Kabuki brush check
this out so you're taking forever
hurry up hurry up Olleh Olleh Olleh
Olleh
oh I'm so stressed out I'm so stressed
out I've been having a bad day I have it
hold on let her focus I've been I've
been I've been having a bad day
Sylvia am i dropping a Bangor today
asking if I'm dropping one Yardley no
Yardley no I'm dropping to Bangor
okay this one's a bit of a stretch we
got Biocare here we go
sylia you have makeup on your face
bound camera but I don't care if you
have it on your face how are you getting
a puppy hmm
how are we getting our puppy from New
York how will we better fly better fly
better ready you better come on give not
that many clothes on you should take
some of those clothes off and get nearly
naked
you should get nearly naked so we're
just doing some swatches right now just
to make sure all the colors are good
what are you watching next hey let me
swatch your swatch it on me just watch
ah definitely look better on the bottle
definitely want a darker shade that's
why you swatch before you purchase your
your lipstick and makeup because you
want to know if it actually looks like
that on your skin or if they're lying so
I think they're lying let me swatch that
swatch that shade t32 Oh owns my fav let
me see I definitely like the darker tone
better alright so I just got home I'm
uploading the footage for my video right
now I'm about to start editing for the
day I'm gonna make a coffee because I
had like a bit of a redbull but I didn't
really wake me up I just got to transfer
over some stuff here from this folder to
another folder so let me just copy all
these not one more yet and then throw
these in this folder as well now in
order to get my footage from the one
computer to the other computer I got my
handy-dandy USB look at this really now
when putting this USB in it barely works
so you just gotta slowly push it in
until it actually registers so here we
go let's pray oh there we go now leave
it as soon as I goes off okay we're good
so I was just checking through some of
my mail and this came in drunk stoned or
stupid so I'm definitely gonna play this
game with my friends I'm gonna play with
my mom too and Sylvia this game is bomb
and I've been waiting for it to come in
so you already know your boy wolf he's
gonna play that also I have a bunch more
fan mail that came
- I want to open it but are you just
gonna grind out the end of this video I
just finished a music video it looks
pretty bomb and then once I've done that
I'm gonna open some fan mail and I think
I'm gonna go to the boys house I know
Sean gets back tonight so everyone's
just kickin it there look at this you
guys can see me right now that's what it
looks like when I vlog I got my webcam
about to shoot but here's my microphone
let's get it just hold it like this or
whatever so just get me a shot of me so
basically what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
wake up
just get me waking up I'm just gonna
check my phone the check would forward
the bring up you'd be like I'm gonna get
super excited I'm gonna read it and give
it what the fuck and then throw it ready
yep
curry chicken with bones curry chicken
with bones for dinner and rice and peas
delicious delicious - hey Cleo use the
door properly use it or properly use the
door properly all right guys we figured
something out we figured out the code
the hack to the world I need a website
because my website right now is kind of
asked even though I just had it redone
it's really really basic it just like
says my live subscriber account my live
Twitter feed Instagram live YouTube
video stuff like that but I'm looking to
get a blessed website so I need to work
on that family my mom can make something
crazy Cleo oh she got in I don't think
she everyone else rub your nose against
the camera if you want to go in a walk
get that clean rub your nose on the care
if you want to go out alright that was
it alright guys because I've been stuck
in my house basically all day I have a
bunch of stuff from the PIO box that I
think is for like all available I'm
pretty sure like that's what it said so
I'm about to go to the boys house for a
bit I know DJ's there and jad should be
there Sean is getting back I think
tonight sometime so I'm gonna go kick it
fair because I was editing all day and
then we're probably gonna open some of
these I brought the game that I opened
up earlier drunks thunders too drunk
soon I can't talk drunk stoned or stupid
or and stupid whatever it's in my bag
and we might play some of that guys you
know the grind is real when I'm
exporting my video and it's in the
fucking passengers either my laptop so
we just buckled it up so it's a safe
laptop right here
my bag is still on my back because
that's how much of a rush I'm in hold on
somebody's gonna come around where is
she
hmm I can't today but I don't trust you
I'm just gonna get moving on the top
like you wanna meet over there your keys
price is the Vicki's it says elbow in
bad oh I know I know I don't trust it
yeah
you're not going to get a smile you but
yeah oh and international rice would be
too much business is sorry if I broke it
from that shame why are you so like so
relaxed I feel like you sent this to our
p.o box stop stop something moving
inside room cha-cha-cha look you see the
hole okay just look it's rippling right
I was wrong for a second I was right yo
what the fuck right oh these are doing
it yo don't use my keys with this Negro
yeah okay major here yeah come on DJ I
thought you go to the gym femme-y a
hostile ivory shit yeah hey I'm escaped
oh no mistake what is it nothing what
you feed nappy oh is it another box
Oh yo wait
I like that L convo
we got elbow in this bitch and on the
back it says from Evan
Adam and blaze we got to shout out the
snack pack shot it to the snack pack or
Adam evident blaze for sending us the
albo fucking painting I know this is
Venus
this is Doku for wolfy jr. leave it here
oh when you get a little dog
then this is for you bro bravo Bravo
those came in tossed away oh that's
where you take it on the airplane let me
see those yo both your meal
but not to me or to that bro I'm pretty
sure this card is fucked drawings for oh
you know this is waiting for you mixed
paper clip move is de but decent your
paper clip right it's your boy Oh fritzy
boy you got the whole punk right son
that's wavy thank you and I got it feels
chords this King will flow drying this
is bliss Oh DJ stop ah
that's rated you who's this this is
Lebanon stop let's go
aka okie trainer let's see DJ stings got
a nice much is that the duet no no
that's your hair that's glass those
glasses over yours right camera one
don't use it they need to use that's
bless much my bro you got more is it oh
this is all of us team elbow much but DJ
thought it was a sneak that's Dave dad
stick jabs as tall as the holes I'm
holding the Olympic flame though might
be me Mike Brown yo okay someone's an
artist low key so I'm leaving the boys
house and I see this cat on the street
and every time I inch up my car the cat
inches up a bit I swear the cat had a
death wish like every time I moved up
forward this cat would move up just like
one little tiptoe I don't think I could
ever let my cats be outdoor cats because
like I guess we're just too
overprotective with them I know that one
of my cats is not the smartest cats so
if I let him outside I don't think he
would last very long so I don't know how
people have so much trust in their cats
like with what I just saw that cat do I
don't know if these cats can be trusted
these days I looked in the cat's eyes
for like a split second and I was like
you know what do you what are you saying
I swear I read this guy's mind he's like
yo just fucking hit me bro fuck yeah
you're not gonna fucking hit me the guy
was taunting me whose cat is this clear
you would never do some weird shit like
that eh you would never run in front of
a car right never run in front of a car
she wouldn't do it like Cleo is too
precious to be in the wild to get beat
up by other cats and dogs there's no way
we can likely I'll go up alright so I
got some family I didn't get to open at
the house but I'm going to open it here
because I'm not going upstairs oh I
think Sylvia is probably fast asleep in
my room right now put this ghetto tripod
right here on my bag okay that's that's
terrible it's absolutely shit okay you
can't see anything but I'm just gonna
show you what we got here
so first thing we got is a losses from
please from Laney this is from Laney
basically we got a painting here we go
this is fresh this is like a dream
catcher I'm guessing and it says only an
open heart can catch a dream I fucking
like this this is dope we also have some
more stuff in here oh one second so
that's a pic of me from I'm guessing no
that's my fucking tank top that I used
in the workout challenge hot couples
workout challenge as if in the corner of
this big it says note I showed this to
my three year old cousin and she said
wow he's a strong man sorry your lives
are so big this picture yeah kind of
low-key big hey Wolfie I wanted to ask
you to open this on camera I sent this
August because it is your channels three
year anniversary thank you I didn't even
know it was my three year anniversary I
love you so much
and I always want you to be yourself
don't worry Lanie I got you shut Eleni
for this and I will always be myself and
yeah I didn't play this game when I was
at the guys house so I'm gonna show you
guys how it works so basically you guys
will see the game in action but
essentially an easy way to explain it is
there's a bunch of cards here I just
pulled out the first card I saw and it
has a little explanation on it so it is
wakes up with half a burrito in bed so
someone's going to draw this card wakes
up with half a burrito in their bed so
the person who picks up this card is the
judge the person sitting to the left of
that person that has to come up with a
reason as to why someone in the group
should have this card so they basically
accuse one of the other people playing
saying like you are the fucking person
that always has a half a burrito in
their bed when they wake up and then the
person who gets accused has to defend
themselves and then deflect it on
someone else and then finally after all
that goes on the judge finally has to
decide who gets the card when you get a
card you get a negative point and once
you get negative seven points you're out
so basically the whole time you're
trying to blame other people and say
that they would be the person to do
whatever the card is while defending
your
of saying that you're not the person me
and team I will play this game a while
back on David's channel I think it got
really competitive because mad people
blamed me and I was fuckin super
defensive the whole time but it was fun
as hell so I can't wait to play it with
fuck it my family if I play it with
Silvia this definitely could be beefed
but it's gonna be fun the things you
find in wolfies kitchen like nobody even
eats squash like y7 here let me just
pull out some more of these cards just
to show you guys an example of what some
of them are so someone who is completely
shocked by every fact you tell them this
is definitely Silvia so we already got
the game one there's no need to argue
anything another one gets trapped by a
revolving door
that's my mom easy
next one asks questions throughout the
entire fucking movie that might be me
that's also my mom oh this one's easy
has questionable hygiene friggin Ryan
sways Bulls guys always sweating I can
swap the walkies so cheese right now and
then one more is have sex while watching
TV definitely not me because I'm a
virgin
so this games too dirty for me by the
way guys this is a pretty dirty game
it's called drunk stoned or stupid like
you can expect that it's not the most PG
rated game but that's why I love it so
much
okay so me and Cleo are gonna sneak
upstairs and see if we can go upstairs
without leaking oh shit alright
I'm using my left hand to control the
camera we're gonna see if we can go
upstairs without waking up selfie are
you awake
oh really she's awake wow this girl
somebody please tell me I just want to
know who makes these memes on Twitter
look at this shit the captions like him
I just want a simple relationship no
Kings and me the girls fucking fucking
jigsaw it was like I want to play a game
look at us like who came up with this
man like I've seen jigsaw me it's like I
want to play
music for but like that ride your bike
little is too funny tell you what are
you doing awake at 2:00 a.m. all right
she's not listening to me she's watching
a show but now that I'm four and a half
years old I had to find my checkbook for
the house and as you guys can see my
room is not the most organized thing in
the world I got all my hat's up there my
clothes down here hands and stuff down
there close to there someone just threw
the clothes in my room and I was filling
a video and I didn't want them in the
background so I just chucked them on the
floor but guys my room is never that
clean as you guys can see it's messy
just got girls laying around guys we're
gonna see if my card throwing skills are
still up to par all the boys back the
boys back peace peace peace the green
carpet shit load around the green yeah
flow down the green nope on the green
yeah yeah oh that was close how was it
done oh it when it hit it
yeah it bounced off to the table boom
three flowed on a green before it
bounced off the ceiling off the floor
and then hit the green ready Oh huh hey
no one no one but no one else could do
that alright guys I'm gonna end the vlog
off there I have a meeting I have to be
at at 10:00 a.m. you know business
important wolfy it's very important that
I don't miss this meeting because it's
gonna be benefiting you guys because
this has to do with the merch I'm
looking into making so I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up let's smash
20,000 thumbs up that's what we've been
smashing on this channel every single
time so go down hit that like button
right now and if you guys made it to the
end of the vlog I appreciate you guys
you guys are the true wolf em you guys
stay to the end of all of my vlogs you
guys always comment when I tell you to
comment I want you guys to comment this
down below comment down below roll the
dice that's it roll the dice and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage
wacko
