hey let's get a chippy welcome back to
more wolfy right now I'm headed off to
ship out the stuff for the giveaway
winners I never did that the other day I
completely forgot so they've been
sitting in my room for way too long and
I need to get rid of these like now and
I got to do something for my car that I
got to do something for Sylvia today is
going to be a quick little run for a
bunch of errands we have to do I might
check the peel box again because there's
always stuff coming into the pol box so
I'm just trying to stay up to date on
everything so I don't get stressed
because right now I'm really stressed so
yeah we're gonna run to a few stores and
bang the shit out as quick as possible
so that me and Sylvia can both film so
the two places I have to go our Shoppers
Drug Mart and the bank luckily they are
right beside each other so this is very
very convenient for your boy okay so we
finished the stuff at the bank now we're
in Shoppers Drug Mart to do this
shipping stuff hopefully they have
everything I need to get everything to
the people that won the contest all
right so I just got the wrapping paper
and what else did I get
packaging tape so we're gonna package
this stuff in the car and then bring it
back in the store it's kind of annoying
because we bought this I don't know we
went to the front desk to buy it and
then he told us to go back to the back
desk and when we went back to the back
desk there was already like a lineup of
people so goodbye but we got it so let's
start wrapping this stuff that's what I
call the ghetto wrapping Christmas
present wrapping with no scissors but
here get out slowly but surely I got my
tape right here yeah we're done okay but
you're gonna lose via that teamwork guys
makes the dream work
oh yeah don't wrap that poorly there you
go you guys the best rapping hey girl
get on a trip is gotta stuff now come
back in just send it off alright so
everything is sent out guys expect your
whoever wanted to give away whoever got
the emails from me expect your stuff in
like the next maybe week or two probably
less than a week so I'm pumped because
now that is off my plate the stuffs out
of my room one last thing for me to do
now I'm going to the other Bank to
handle some business with my car so
Sylvia is walking down the road over
there basically she has to pick
something up and every time Sylvia has
to pick something up apparently like
it's ready so she said she's gonna be
like two
minutes but this is a test I'm gonna
come back to you guys like she's
crossing the road ran up there if in two
minutes she doesn't get back we're gonna
have a problem we're gonna have a
serious problem
cough rescue truck guys she came back in
30 seconds so shut it Cecilia for being
on time what would he do see this
location so he expects me to take photos
of her what come on not an Instagram
husband I don't just take fucking photos
do it like it's a while you could find
this anywhere we needed to go to this
specific wall to get the photos guys
don't worry you know you what wolf we
wouldn't take pics if it wasn't a
dangerous area
chlorine storage area all right guys now
it's my turn to model oh here we go
doing it like this or like this just
leave it the regular way all right
get it babe okay put your chin down a
little bit you're looking you got your
double chin showing I'm gonna help to
direct you a little bit cuz you don't do
that no put your chin down yeah no you
got a double chain go on okay I'll post
up hold on guys could you the one where
you're like bending on the floor oh yeah
you're busy actually actor Olivos lunch
what does this man think is this has to
be authentic give me a second actually
my mom calls his mom and a photo shoot
okay do the one where you on the floor
like this oh yeah yeah hello yes what up
put your legs further apart ways your
continues shit you look like you're
shitting I need to look good on the
photo put your leg up not like that it's
really business college it's not working
I can't work with this why do you have
your leg like that you what are you
saying this man doesn't know to do it
like this
Charles alright I'll be there okay
that's it cut cut
alright so finally all the stuff is done
for the day or at least all the stuff
that I had to worry about all the
errands we had to run in the morning now
I legit I'm gonna lay in my bed for like
20 minutes and then work on a video I
just need some time to like lay down and
just think about life hopefully I don't
pass out for too long and then tonight
we're gonna go meet up with a guy for
the house and see see what's good I
think I think my mom's gonna come to
that my dad can't come to that cuz he's
out of town but it's all good me Sylvia
my mom I'm gonna roll up yeah get stuff
done Tyrus fuck right I got my Red Bull
up for my nap I just took like a nice
nap and now I feel fuckin fully awake so
I got my beat right here I got my mic in
the room my interface for the mic that
needs that needs to be plugged in you
think this is a joke not now we got the
actual mic in this bitch so it has the
other mic downstairs she's shooting with
this thing but this is the real deal
rapping musician like I haven't used
this since like my 200k rap maybe before
that so this is how you know the big
guns are being brought out because
Twitter you still don't verified wolfy
raps I don't care if you'll verify
people because they tweeted your blah
blah this stuff why are you rejecting
your boy just affirm you're ready come
on and if after this track I'm not
verified this track this still be ready
is the question because we gotta go now
okay we have to go now I know I have to
hurry up I'm almost done now
okay go go go here we go three two one
Cleo Cleo Cleo Cleo as soon as we go out
and we come back I'll take you out as
soon as we come back soon you come back
I just wanted to see you clear are you
gonna come visit us at our new house yes
or no rub against the door for two yes
all right she's gonna come visit Cleo
come here
Wow okay guys so we just got back from
looking at the house all I got to say is
why am i so late the house rules
oh no all right uh house pond a house is
a house you live in it it's a house
there your lipstick is all over the
place
anyways so we got back from it and we
made some serious steps show your
lipstick in the camera oh let me see let
me see this is the way you were looking
at him bring it oh I thought it was like
up there I thought it was up here
anyways yeah we made some serious steps
guys this is my dinner right here diet
Wolfie just two slices of zucchini is
this zucchini or cucumber cucumber do
you want eggs Holly this that was for
you oh I'll have eggs on toast
why just pacing it was made in 1976
do you want I gotta finish recording my
track because I got to shoot a music
video tonight because I'm cheese that's
why Twitter you choose me you can be in
the video what if you stay awake late
you can be in my video wait why they cuz
I'm not even done the song yet Cartman
is long
since I'm a week you guys saw five
months ago I exposed my mom for this
you'll wake up you wait up for me to
drop my blogs every night so stop doing
so I don't want to be in a video last
time I was in a rap video what everyone
is praising you in the comments my video
my rabri oh yeah I'm pretty hard I could
do it Oh Sophia probably better um I'm
going for some hard neighborhoods I'm
not back here's not enough
and yeah I need me walking down a lonely
Street so hard Wolfie we are watching
matches in Paradise yeah oh I don't know
you didn't know I just finished my rap
it's so fucking cringe but whatever like
um it's like a singing song the next one
I'm gonna do is like a diss track but
this is more like a love song type just
like why are you hurting me Twitter so
you guys will see it on my main channel
but this is definitely not my specialty
I prefer to just go in on like some hard
like instrumental that's what I'd prefer
but you know I had to start soft and if
they still don't verify me I'm just
gonna have to go hard then Oh what did
he keep Angie on the show what the fuck
as if bat Brad would keep fucking Sally
what Brad you sent Sally home and then
one of the girls was found cheating with
the host of the show this bachelor is
fucking
bachelors in Paradise is insane guys you
need to watch this show Brad and Chad is
made out and sad Clady
Good Wife Vinny just blindsided Brett do
fucking this girl who's this girl you're
choosing looks over heart how are you
gonna do that to my my man Brent like
look at him it's about to cry Oh Vinny
yeah how you gonna hurt Vinny look at
him
Stephanie I'm ready to go typical
typical show time
what are your thoughts on Brett hey I
don't like Brett and Vinny guys are
having a moonwalking contest while my
video uploads here we go sylvie almost
fell all right I'll go first anyway it's
been apartment good girl
Hey look at Holden who's that he's a
shit dude yes yeah yeah
ah you didn't Ken yeah there it's always
sit are you here
Oh Moo I'm doing one more time you try
doesn't it it's not gonna be as good as
mine but no I'm gonna need a song I need
silence just so serious you're getting
the zoning five six seven eight
not bad
so you said I was shit I just watched
the replay Magnus it has to give you
again no huh like four five vision and
good reputable overthruster job
what's your face thing milk I'm Jay
reincarnated oh but
oh no both houses shaking
your chicken the hell is that
mom moonwalk come on
moonwalk yeah no mom please just try it
for the for the vlog they are all
telling they're all at home like mom
Manny do it listen just do it just try
oh she had best is teaching no I don't
you join her
this is what happens okay bye this lat
yeah it's harder to do barefoot for sure
on the foot this flat is one slash and
then you switch oh good at that
phraseology but you yeah mom no no no
that's unfair mom
hey you going swish we get flat foot I
pointed little flat there you go mr.
engineer
okay now go good effort good effort
mom what are you doing here how did you
get here and hand on the screen
Billy Ray Cyrus look at us my clothes I
didn't want to do it look what you did
you just brought Wolfie back from the
dead there's been a million trillion
reasons from my fabrication they all in
my head
and come out and then see it's Photoshop
okay and then I'm gonna and then go to
my face alright guys so I just got back
from shooting the music video if the
camera looks crispy err or like more
clear because I'm shooting in 60 frames
per second instead of 30 frames per
second I shot that for the music video
thing that I made it's not professional
at all but I wanted to up the camera
quality of it I just threw this in the
wash
this is absolutely soaked and then my
underwear is soaked because I was
actually in the shower with my clothes
on for one of the shots you know I had
to make it really dramatic and now I'm
just going over emails and finishing
like final things like thoughts about
the house I think we are probably gonna
get this house like it's looking really
good right now my dad just needs to look
over everything tomorrow but he's not in
town tonight
so basically we're just waiting on my
dad to finalize him stuff but about the
music video basically we went to a few
locations tried to find some cool
locations nothing's cool around where I
live but we made it work I guess we'll
see I guess when I start editing it
tomorrow I'll see how the footage turned
out because I refuse to look at the
footage during the film and my camera
was dying so we had to come home even
though I put a new battery in but I
already need a haircut soon because my
hair is back to not being straight
actually looks kind of nice right now
nah doesn't look that nice as you guys
can see in my draft tweets look what
they're looking like right now this is
all my draft reads I have verified
Wolfie raps for days BAM guys when I
turn the light on for two seconds
because Sylvia is asked to sleep I'm
gonna end the vlog off there hope you
guys enjoyed if you did make sure to
give it a huge thumbs up let's see if
you hit 20,000 likes on this video guys
and expect big news tomorrow like I'm
going to talk to my dad about the house
and all that stuff to expect some
updates on the house tomorrow make sure
to come back early for tomorrow's vlog
my battery for my camera is about today
I don't know what has been going on with
my batteries all day I guess when you're
shooting in 60 frames per second the
battery dies quicker which makes sense
so before I go I want you guys to
comment something down below so I know
you made it
very end of the vlog so comment down
below hurry up Wolfie staff comment down
below
hurry up wolf is dead because my dad
needs to hurry up what all the shit he's
doing I'm trying to figure out this
house stuff out and need his help so he
needs to do his stuff as quick as
possible so that we can do our stuff as
quick as possible we get move out as
clear as possible anyways again I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see
you guys soon on more will be where we
stay a little bit more savage in my main
channel I'm wearing beats fuck asshole
sweat suit and as always stay savage
