good morning AOA let's get your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy I just
woke up and it is really beat outside
like it's raining it needs to stop
raining this is ridiculous
it's so humid outside and it's so warm
but it's raining at the same time it's
just not Naugatuck but I woke up with
some pretty bad news basically I'm email
back from Twitter saying I wasn't
eligible for verification but it's all
good guys I'm not going to stay sad I
know it's coming soon maybe just now
wasn't the right time but that calls for
Plan X not even plan B fuck that we're
skipping all those plans I am either
gonna have to make an abusive amount of
videos just begging Twitter to verify me
or there's also a really good option why
I just sit in my bed and cry my fucking
eyes out to sleep every single night
until they verify me that's probably not
the best option so I'm probably gonna go
with the begging one I didn't want to do
it but I think I might have to drop
another main Channel video verify wolfy
traps you feel me like that this needs
to happen I don't know how many times I
need to say like I'm the real wolf eat
like this is me so yeah I've spent like
the past half an hour ever since I woke
up trying to figure out what it possibly
could be that makes me not eligible for
verification so I'm going dad's got me
I'm gonna do that until we go to lunch
with everybody at the squad today you
know even though I may not be good
enough to be getting verified more wolfy
just hit 700k so guess what Twitter
we're still gonna continue to grow we're
still gonna continue to take over the
world and we're still gonna stay lit my
nigga like that I said I give it a month
before you guys realize how lit the wolf
fam is and then you decide yeah I'll
verify this guy fuck it oh yeah shut up
to everyone on more Wolfie right now
watching this video you guys are the
fucking real MVPs we just hit 700 K on
this channel in like less than I think
less than two months which is so real
what the hell so we gotta go right in a
second but of course Sofia's not ready
so I gotta go downstairs and get her
we're gonna hurry
yo Silvia we gotta go like now this girl
so we just got to the place and it is
raining like crazy
parked in Narnia so I'm about to sprint
to the location lock my keys oh shit
look at so good right so what happens
this place is too bumping regularly so
you got to run my pants are falling down
because I'm to suck here we go
good news we made it in time on our
reservation just 145 so we're blessed
Ryan's blocking I'm vlogging I'm not
even gonna eat that much because yeah I
stayed up to like 6 a.m. so my stomach
is kind of hurting but I was grinding
editing a video for y'all so yeah
so we got here and it is extremely busy
there's literally people like everywhere
but we have reservation so I'm shipping
so it's literally so busy that they're
calling people in with a microphone to
get their food so if they don't call is
it at two minutes before we can I want
to go in and just mock the whole buffet
standing up like this with this
what we have is live crabs this guy that
vlogs with me and looks like me and you
standing right there
the youth you're not going to waste the
time when you guys are food because you
guys already know what they sell here
but I'll show you my first plate once we
get it we didn't even sit down we're
just getting the food right away so I
told myself diet will fizzle I'm today
so I try not to get the most stuff on my
first plate I mean I mean so from diet
wolfy I want to repeat that job message
said unsubscribe from riot toys so me
and Jade are signing autographs in
Mandarin right now I just signed
someone's head phones and iPads
shut up through the kids appeal to us in
Mandarin this is a week yeah I forgot my
cell at home alright so we just got a
plate and I thought the strawberries
were tomatoes and I was and if there are
mice they still kind of look you look
like tomatoes on my seventh thank you
guys
anyways as I'm tapping out not angry so
I got another plate
I don't even rate jello but I'm feeling
something cold so I got it and diet
wolfy still alive so you already know I
had to get my watch out Matt on my mom
oh boy me and Bongo just went off on
that it's a good food right now but Ryan
so getting food has I thought ha so I
only came here for my fortune cookie
time to check my fortune I mean why oh
my God look at my fortune guys this is
insane it says verify Wolfie raps
what the fuck you guys what are you
seeing this will stop playing yourself
it's not playing yourself
yeah ok guys so he just got back to the
crib we recorded the volleyball game so
we're watching Brazil vs. Italy
hopefully Italy wins I just want you to
lead a win because the one guy was like
killing it yesterday
no none yeah bro he's fucking on fire
but Brazil is in their home turf so it
is what it is we'll see I'll let you
guys know I can't show you at this
copyright so we lost I know
Italy lost the sad game it was close
ish we got skunked but now we're
watching us versa
Serbia in NBA and from NBA I am a
basketball
basically it's just a V in NBA team in
NBA games Serbia look at how they're
getting swept right now I have one guy
would be on the bench in India so sorry
sorry you're getting stuck I'm back home
chef Dustin's in the kitchen weapon up
some Instagram food if you guys don't
know this is avvocato egg brulee
basically just put the egg shelled or
egg in the hands
I've acardo's where's me where's the yo
yeah I did pretty your
every other one cuz I don't waste a
bunch of egg isn't every other one so oh
here we make the eye right avocado got
steak omelets v8 hey automatic close
Cleo you already know what to do come
see you boy look at that stretch but
basically I tweeted out for you guys to
make me a logo cuz I'm looking for a
logo like I'm just I have so much
thoughts going on in my head about like
merchandise and all this stuff and I
have some ideas that have been going
around in my head but it's always best
to get like an input from as many
different people as possible because
then I know that the merch I make is
gonna be wavy like I'm already planning
it out I'm probably gonna have like a
few things of merch that I just troll is
fucked but it's still swag and I'm gonna
have like a few professional designs
obviously but what I'm thinkin about so
far is obviously I want to make hats
shirts of course but not like bad
quality like ugly shirts that fit
everyone the same like I want nice
custom shirts bless hats that look good
in like every single color definitely
hoodies like in the beginning and then
after that I'm probably gonna branch out
into I want to make sweatpants
sweatpants or fucking wavy but so far
like hats shirts maybe like long-sleeve
shirts and then hoodies are like the
first things I want to make bracelets
and stuff like that will come after for
sure Cleo Cleo hey what do you think
about my merch when it comes out Cleo
Cleo what do you think about my merch
hey alright well that just means it's
that blasted she can't even talk because
she's just like starstruck by members so
get ready and shout out to all the
people that tweeted at me like random
designs I literally got like hundreds
and hundreds of designs on Twitter so it
was lit it was a lot of stuff to look
through but I think I'm narrowing it
down to like a few different options
because when I went into this I had no
idea what I wanted to make but now I
think we're getting there slowly but we
are getting there glad to see you like
my merch I hate you silly it's 12
o'clock at night why so late
all right bill week at 12 look at
Pinterest what are you doing guys I
think we're gonna go get that midnight
vanilla cone so yeah scrap the time the
clock is struck five targets Mia back
I'm fuckin up I just uploaded both my
videos but what I want to do before I go
to bed is I've been writing this Twitter
love song you guys will see all the
stuffs gonna drop in my main channel
within the week I think but yeah I got
to stay up and do that I'm gonna do a
quick little workout to when I get home
and I also have my little notebook with
my little notebook look it should be in
my bag or something out my little
notebook is here and I have to organize
some stuff oh my god everything's
breaking my room put that in there we're
good all right throw dump dump dump
update number three on the garage right
now here we go
my dad's car is home what's gone it just
smells like garage well it still smells
like kind of bag and it's warm in there
but the scent for the most part is gone
so I think we literally quadruple bag to
everything so that definitely held in
the same so if you guys have garbage and
it absolutely smells like a fucking dead
animal or maybe like 10 dead animals
just quadruple bag everything and you
should be good within two days guys I'm
driving out of my neighborhood and you
can see that can you see that - fucking
skunk right beside the house you see it
it's gone oh just waddle down that path
add a view to chase it
fuck know how fast there's no dairy just
mama it's not a fast gunk I'll chase it
you would put up with me if I smelled
like a skunk
what do you mean driver good bad good
don't chase thanks guys so Sylvia
decided to go get some food real quick
but I wanted to talk to you guys about
something lately I've been doing
something a lot and I haven't been
meaning to do it I've just been really
stressed out lately so I've fallen back
into one of my traps I have a confession
guys I have an addiction I fucking bite
my nails again okay my nails are so damn
short right now like I'm biting shit
that is non-existent and I really need
to stop and
uh it's funny because literally the nail
place that I went to
nice one nails is right there too bad
it's really late at night right now and
they're not open otherwise I'd probably
just go in there and get fake nails
because that's what I used to do to stop
biting them even though that didn't help
that much like legit I would just bite
the fake nails there's no hope for you
boy we'll feel like I've tried
everything guys please help me if you
know a way to stop biting your nails
please leave it in the comments I need
to know something I've tried that nail
polish multiple times that you put on
your nail that tastes like shit and it
doesn't work like I've gotten used to
the taste of that stuff somehow and it
doesn't really stop me from biting stuff
like I can bite through it so that
doesn't really help I've tried the fake
nails like I went to the nice one nails
and got the fake nails that didn't work
I've tried putting like all sorts of
stuff on my nails and it does not work I
tried putting a friggin elastic band on
my wrist so I can flick myself every
time I realize I'm biting my nails but
honestly because I've been biting them
for so long I don't even notice when I'm
biting them anymore which is a problem
because Sylvia always tries to tell me
to stop stop stop
bla bla bla but I stop for like two
seconds and then three seconds later I'm
fighting them again so it's just a
problem I need to fix fucking my
addiction man alright so me and Sylvia
are gonna do a try not to laugh
challenge because I've been seeing a lot
of these go around the internet I'm
probably gonna do one of the really hard
ones on my main channel but I found like
one that has a bunch of dislikes so I'm
assuming it's not that funny but
basically me and Sylvia are gonna see if
we laughs to this I never laugh at what
other people find funny like I usually
find my own shit funny Julia
especially it's not gonna laugh at this
I don't know but here we go I just
whipped up a random compilation and
we'll start it Oh like that is just
painful
oh that also is very painful
oh shit
I'm calling the baby's getting kicked in
bed with a soccer ball and Sylvie eight
whose man is this whose man is this on
our board
okay fucking worked himself yeah he's a
goof get fuck yourself up okay I failed
this challenge he's gonna hit his balls
okay
that was too predictable so this guy's
swinging on oh shit I can't watch it
like this who's flying off oh it broke
into a little well I think I've seen
this one great someone gets smoked joy
okay there's a painful one oh that's not
even bad at all whoever put this
compilation together you need to step
your game up one of like the first five
minutes of the video I've watched I've
laughed at so right here we go try not
to allow best news bloopers i fuckin
news bloopers
this one doesn't not many views
just start to get a little wet this
morning okay this man whose fucking man
is this Jesus that guy's high as fuck so
we allow she's out come on Papa whose
man is this or he played himself now
he's in the laughing mode where you just
laugh at everything two minutes okay 60
on Friday now we're okay on the first
and shit what the fuck was this is a war
criminal but it is unique it's lit it's
I guess I'm pretty sure that I'm gonna
die and I try not to laugh challenge so
if you guys want me and Silvia to do a
try like a full try not to laugh
challenge on my main channel all you got
to do is hit that like button and we
will do one and obviously it's not just
gonna be a fucking normal try not to
laugh challenge there's gonna be a
punishment so I still have some of those
hot and that Dana yeah so some of those
I still have some of those hot peppers
no Sophia hates feisty shit so if you
guys want us to do a try not to live
challenge it like those hot peppers as a
punishment that's what we're gonna do
hit that like button and we will do it
on my main channel but yeah I'm gonna
end the vlog off there I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did make sure to give it
a huge thumbs up let's hit 20,000 likes
let's get it wolf and hit that like
button right now and if you guys made it
this far in today's vlog I fucked with
you guys you guys are the true wolf
family made to the very end of the video
I want you guys to comment something
down below so I know you made it so
comment down below try not to laugh
that's it
try not to laugh and again I hope you
guys enjoyed the video and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage
let go
