good morning a yo what's good is your
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy there
is a few things that I want to get done
today like first of all I need to open
my eyes because my eyes are super
swollen shut right now I just woke up
second of all I want to ship out my
stuff for my giveaway and I want to take
out that garbage my garbage needs to get
taken out and the bathroom garbage needs
to get taken out because both of them
are like packed up like Tetris to the
brim and I don't know why they're still
in my room like they should have been
taken out probably fucking a week ago
but we've been like strategically
placing garbage on top of each other so
that we didn't have to take it out yet
but that's the first thing I'm gonna do
I also want to go to the park because I
think dad's filming a video with Ryan I
think they're doing like a one-on-one
basketball game and I want to watch that
so I want to get some behind the scenes
for that I need to go to Costco today
and one of the houses that we were
supposed to go see on Sunday at Saturday
today is a Saturday today yeah Saturday
today we were supposed to go see it on
Sunday except the guy texted Sylvia
saying he's available for us to go see
it today so both of us had to kind of
rearrange our schedules to make time to
go see this because we're really trying
to move out like in the near near future
so any option we have to go see one of
the houses we want we're gonna go take
it so first thing garbage I clean the
garbage but Sylvia is choosing me
apparently she thinks I'm one of those
like Instagram husbands or Instagram
boyfriends it just takes pictures of
their girlfriend when I dress nice so
because her friend bailed on her I'm
forced to take these pictures and every
time I take pictures of Sylvia she
always complains about that I'm not
taking them good enough so this is gonna
be fun what are these pecan butter tarts
saying my kitchen oh my god diet wolfy
oh you have to not get mad at me the
dealer's you can't get mad at me when I
take pics take these photos all right
here we go again to the photo loud with
the cat puke great spot
the moment of truth camera came on and
now she's pretending like she likes them
she's just yelling at me for half an
hour good thanks to me she yelled at me
for literally two hours okay
that's six time plus up now please this
is what the lay from the target
basically I'm shooting here shooting
their team they're got this one got that
one dual wielding cameras alright nice
perfect pose let's take it let's get
that one there we go if this one is a
nice photo mmm yeah oh that's a good one
here we go
close nice here we go
dog yay I'm starving while I'm taking
pictures of Silvia my mom's taking
pictures of a glass of water are you
doing keeping track of this look this
charlie I can alright get some field
yeah Oh Cleo hey Missy how you get
coffee no come in green come here yeah
come on one hour and then we gotta go
check on the house one hour
I'm excited alright so we just arrived
at the second or not second location the
house location that we're supposed to
check out today that we were supposed to
check out tomorrow why am i speaking so
fast I don't know Sylvia and my mom are
outside let's go see if this place is
lit or not ok guys so we just checked
out the the two houses I didn't film
either house because I didn't want
anyone to tell me which house to move in
I wanted everything to be my decision
but the first unit we looked at actually
had like three different units all for
three different prices and one of the
units in that house was pretty nice but
there was one big room in the kitchen
and by the
like the kitchen in the main room one
huge room so that was really amazing it
was a huge window in the front so it
didn't feel claustrophobic so that was
dope but the other two houses in that
unit I guess were both bottom floor
units so you felt extremely
claustrophobic walking in so I didn't
really like those ones but then we
decided to go back to the first one that
I didn't film the first house we looked
at and I think this might be the one so
we're going to email the guy back about
that and then expect us to be living in
a new house in the near future
yeah probably very soon the next two
weeks the next two weeks maybe the next
two weeks to come down
I'm excited guys this is this is huge
your boy Wolfie is no longer going to be
living at home probably if we get this
house we'll see it perhaps to make a
video in order for us to get this house
and that might have to be done but this
is dope now we are back at my house and
for some reason my garage smells like
absolute shit like like I'm not even
joking going into the garage it smells
like there's a dead body in there so my
mom's opening it right now and we're
going to clean it out because this is
too much garbage day isn't for like two
days I can already smell it
garbage day isn't for two days you know
three days and we cannot deal with this
smell being in the garage any longer so
we're going to clean it out now
hopefully oh my god what is that no no
there might be a dead animal in there
I'm dead serious
guys there might be a dead animal in our
garage
like seriously we're going in the front
door because we don't even want to go to
the rock right now Cleo
maybe Cleo just took a shit in the
garage see that's a guilty face that's a
guilty face it was Cleo was it you Cleo
did you take a poop in the garage
why can I smell it so bad in the house
here we go guys my sister is a snake she
left Lionel in the backyard this guy
looks so cheesed lion hey he literally
looks so betrayed
Lionel Hey look up buddy oh hey he's
going in now he's happy to go in my
momentum in you're just waiting by the
door yes everyone always forgets about
Lionel too busy focused on Cleo Cleo
you're the lucky one all right so I need
a mask in order to go in this garage
there is no way I'm going this garage
without a mast like it smells like shit
I literally might just put a Lysol on my
face and then hold on yeah get a few
lights out here some Lysol wipes and
make a mask we're gonna make a mask of
these Lysol wipes DIY Lysol white mask
put this down on my ghetto tripod shoe
so what you want to do is you want to
grab your Lysol wipes want to take your
hat off so you don't get your hot dog
and you're gonna put the lights on waves
around your nose and then you're going
to put your hat back on this is
definitely not definitely not too safe
but it is what it is sounds good now
hopefully it's not like dangerous to
inhale too much lace all because your
boy let's tie together sandals on his
old sandals holy I'm not looking forward
to this man yeah coming
okay definitely that yeah I need
something I can't smell it
oh my god is going through the lace all
waves maggots all over this for
everything huh well mom yes
did it see the maggots oh my god Hey
what you need to do is put that camera
down
yeah and help me okay okay here we go
resumes because there was many one here
and then here and don't get throwing it
throw oh my neck overs Oh Oh get down
for that now put that out put that down
right now oh oh I can't look at that
don't you gotta hold the bagel oh my god
make one of those goes on my arm just
seriously I'm serious hey this I don't
know what you're I don't know what you
guys wait here there was six thousand
maggots on that six thousand minimum
this is it guys no please it's a sample
okay yoo-hoo inside all right and get
one two three I'm getting 21 or 20 bags
just for Charlie just for I want to hold
that five I got the whole box the lights
always kept burning my eyes to the first
step is to wash this out apparently is
the grossest thing what is it oh my god
that is disgusting those are maggots oh
those are maggots in there we're
cleaning it out first look at that
I don't know just put your shoes on we
need the broom broom and white broom in
the dustpan broom in the dustpan so I
just wanted to store real quickly the
Sylvia and I met two fans who rolled up
and said hi on bikes so shout-out to
Khalil and Muhammad they're the Ottawa
true wolf and these guys have seen like
all my videos so shout out to them when
I'm out I always love meeting you guys I
was actually getting video supplies so
it's dope meeting fans like when I'm
getting videos to make for fans it's
amazing alright so my sister is
recording some rap in the next room
right there so I can't be too loud but
what I'm gonna do now is edit I need to
edit a video for my main channel I don't
think I'm gonna drop it today but by the
time this vlog is out I think yeah the
day this vlog is out there will be this
video so stay tuned it's a video with my
mom and you guys already know it's gonna
be a banger so don't you worry about it
but for the next few hours I'm gonna
edit get in the zone so that later
I can go chill at the boys house cuz
Ryan's still there for like another two
nights or something so let's see how
fast it is done so the editing is coming
along slowly very slowly don't play with
me
you're not funny
I'm not excited to be using this
paintball gun in my next like one of my
next videos it's gonna be terrible
Sylvia we're sleeping in separate beds
I've been thinking we need to sleep in
separate beds as well alright what do
you mean this was the gray I was
thinking about this too and I really
all right we're breaking up here we're
gonna break up now we're breaking up
yeah actually huh Zack's get away from
me okay we're making up guys you never
leaving me we have to break up what Oh
camera we're breaking up goodbye find
someone else illegal to live with right
so I just go on Twitter and I see that
Twitter is fucking blowing up and
realize that Frank Ocean just dropped an
album born put the foot what the fuck
Frank I thought you were just gonna drop
your visual album those cheese I was it
yo and now the man is back the man is
back I'm about to binge listen to his
whole album this editing can wait an
hour this editing can wait maybe two
hours this editing can wait however long
the album is I'm going to listen to this
piece alright my review on the album is
yeah so yeah yeah what's your review on
the album
okay so right now I am at the boys oh so
I'm just in the basement I just finished
editing and uploading my vlog for the
night but huge fright
Diaz verse McGregor they're fucking
going off tonight so there's a bunch of
people out the boy's house right now and
we're all gonna watch the fight
but being supportive friends I think
everyone wants to watch the vlog I just
uploaded cuz a lot of people are in it
so I think what we're gonna do is order
food maybe I don't know if that's a
thing I think that's what people are
gonna do I'm not too hungry so I don't
think I'm gonna eat that much but I
think we're gonna order food watch my
vlog then watch the fight what is this
fucking globe saying the boys basement
yay don't be full feet
I have no clue what's in this door the
boys house kind of creepy but yeah I'm
in their basement alone right now I
might stream Sean I see your computers
right here bro I might might grab them
and go on Twitch it's your twitch
looking ass jazz computer is still not
set up behind the scenes of albo how's
your boy wolfies out here so the lights
on right now McGregor is walking out
I have 200 grand on McGregor so please
man win slap whoa Crandall I play tennis
yes get a loon oh he's not gonna lose
good luck to McGregor oh hi let's get
you I got you to Fargo who you got I got
McGregor because I don't fucking plant
on my paper bro I got a million dollars
oh no oh man I swear to god Sidney
Crosby scores a hot chick I'm gonna lose
my mind
dad who do you got no I want to see
McGregor Road he's fast professional
he's good record we all got your phone
we all got your agree where don't hook
that one is a little loose but honestly
if we're all my wins I'll be more happy
so good well she made a big bet up
around it around again 500 grand
runner-up hero come back from the dead
knocking that was literally one of the
best fights I've ever seen on UFC like
it was insane but Gregor one but Diaz
legit I swear this guy his face has
steel plates in it like this guy doesn't
go down he's always dripping in blood
but he will refuse to go down so the
fight lasted all five rounds but in the
end McGregor won oh my god I bet Ryan so
this guy owes me lunch tomorrow so I
think we're doing like a squad lunch
tomorrow and I don't have to pay for
anything free food free food for your
boy Wolfie like honesty Ryan if you're
watching this vlog which I know you're
probably watching this vlog don't play
yourself am don't play yourself
we all knew McGregor's to come back King
this man was gonna come back and win so
yeah now I'm just headed home to talk to
Sylvia about the house I think we might
have made some big decision today does
this garage still smell I'm a check I'm
a check if the garage still smells the
moment of truth guys let's see if the
cleaning worked or let's see if it still
smells like a dead animal okay honestly
you don't smell it unless you legit poke
your head in what the garage looks much
cleaner than it did before and honestly
I don't think it's that bad I am now
my comfy gear because all my friends are
trying to go for lunch tomorrow so in
order for me to go to lunch tomorrow I
have to edit my video and finish it
tonight which means it is 2:23 a.m. and
I'm trying to finish it before 4 o'clock
I don't know if I can do that we'll see
but I'm gonna end the vlog off there
because tomorrow I don't want to be
sitting in my house editing all day so
I'm gonna get that done now but I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog if you did
make sure to give it a big thumbs up
let's see if we can hit 20,000 thumbs up
instead of 17,000 let's push it up 3 K
just because fuck it why not also guys
I'm really excited for what's to come
and like the next month like your boy
might be living with Silvia and the next
month like new furniture new all this
like I don't even know it's gonna be
crazy but we'll see how everything goes
I know the next month is gonna be a
really stressful time but I think this
is what I need at this stage in my life
you know I just turned 4 years old and
this is what I gotta do but yeah I look
forward to some more litt vlogs it might
be in a new location who knows we'll see
you soon and if you guys made it this
far in today's video you're the real MVP
wolf fam you made it to the very end
that fucking love you you put some damn
respect on my name so I broke with you
but I want you guys to comment something
down below so that I know you made it to
the end so comment down below vanilla
cone that's it vanilla cone pretty damn
easy and I will see you soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage in my main channel and as always
stay sad let up
