good morning egg yo what's good as your
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
what good Cleo what is good
Lionel hey Cleo how's it going so Ryan
just got into town this morning at 6
a.m. he called me but obviously I was
sleeping but he is at the boy's house
right now so I'm gonna go to the boy's
house right now for a bit oh my god
ok Cleo's your ass is on my head please
okay ah okay just sit so yeah I'm gonna
go to the boys house for a bit but I do
have to get some editing done today so
I'm not gonna stay there for too too
long but apparently Ryan's there and
then Richard which I don't know if you
guys remember Richard but Richard was in
one of my throwback videos anyways I'm
gonna go to the boys house for a bit and
then see if everyone wants to go get
food or something salad that Wolfie what
no no no no all right guys so chilli got
the boys house watching Canada vs.
Brazil women's soccer game we got our
brothers in town Swayze baby and my
other brothers in town yeah but but
fucking Canada just scored the most wavy
goal in soccer so shout out to Canada
for killing it I don't know if we're in
like any metal standing apparently we're
getting a bronze or something but bronze
game ok alright guys so we're done
watching the game he's going to go
outside the backyard for a second and
Merc this song
and then we're gonna go grab some food
but peep this swans been talking mad
shit I can't reach it but I talk with it
hey you get out of here oh yeah me Bongo
jab and I am I gonna go find somewhere
to eat you're beating your wife
beautiful bingo I call it a son yep okay
okay your Swan out of here whose car is
this what are you saying with the Gucci
Gucci man fucking pick up the pretty
good way geez all right that's what the
scent is what's the scent so what
happens when you're with Lebanese
friends you go to Shuang Palace I mean I
would have eaten a burrito but it is
what it is but I'm down for a burrito
that's the thing all right all right see
you guys
yeah refried beans please so I lied
about one form house we flip the coin
and I chose the opposite we get verita
uh can I get pulled pork and chicken as
well too please so now we're getting
burritos look at these burritos Gatlin
shut up - burrito gringo for hooking it
up with a free drink they already know
I'm a regular here so boy will feel some
favorites
everyone's so friendly to me here so I
got my free drink cause you're mad
seeing it buddy mad can we see chip save
you buddy
go right now we're watching Olympic
volleyball Italy versus the United
States basically the most intense game
just went down one of the dudes on Italy
has like a beard and like a mohawk or a
fauxhawk he is killing it this guy is
serving at like 120 kilometers an hour
like just ridiculous so he just clutched
the set so now they're going into
another set so we're stoked to watch
that Ryan's gonna roast me but right now
we're in Walmart I'm about to pick up a
paintball gun because I see you guys in
the comments section and you guys have
been telling me you and albo need to do
the paintball gun challenge or a thing
for a minute like the dice game
Ryan's hating on my swag this guy's
never been able to get a straight
hairline in this whole life so it is
what it is Hokuto here
we're way over here in Walmart so we're
looking for the guns they should be oh
here's the glass casing hey here's the
knives I was talking about and then oh
airsoft rifle oh there's the pill
what yeah I told you there's the airsoft
rifle right but there ain't paintball
guns it's only seven oh geez me I might
we know it we might need to do the knife
challenge with one of these bear girls
use this one though or and this one it
uses whole brands have a brand so now
we're in the baby section right now
Walmart doesn't have them so Jobs
calling Canadian Tire I just checked
online they should have it and it's not
really far I put the hell Ryan Ryan
we've seen bro are you Ryan
bro I thought you were just go what Ryan
holy shit it's Ryan for what
what yo stay still stay still
what do you see what the fuck huh ya
know
well yeah we're going to Canadian Tire
now I think that's where they're gonna
sell them yo Ryan are you done fishing
for likes Oh your baby your buddy what's
guys fishing for likes your Ryan you
need to work out I'm tired of lifting
you to success your channel success your
Ryan you need to build your price your
prices down your low prices your price
needs to go up yo can we roll back to my
house guys I want to address something
quickly because a lot of you guys are
making it weird when you see me in
public do not be afraid to come up and
say hi like I'm super nice I want to say
hi I want to take pictures I want to
talk to you guys but please when you see
me in public don't like do laps around
me and just point at me because it makes
me feel like a zoo animal and I'm down
to see how do you guys come up and say
hi that's it you know what I'm saying
like you guys keep looking at me it's
like you're making it weird for me like
I want to say hi to you guys like that's
it
all you got to do Ryan show them what
they gotta do Oh whoopee Oh Wolfie
Wolfie I love your videos all over your
I can't get a picture cute I'd take a
picture that's it that's how hard it is
that's it just do that I love you guys
but come up and say hi I want to talk to
you guys it won't be this female dog
there 403 photo I've been substance 2ka
we are at Canadian Tire
I'm - bye I just paintball gun I'm not
looking forward to this this is supposed
to be the aisle yeah I see the knives
here typical Bear Grylls is back but
where are the old that's my real gun
oh yeah if I can get this one here 300k
jam yeah this is what we've all done -
80 bucks okay that's the one we're gonna
get it's a pistol - let me get this one
great growth with what money
oh yeah what what are you gonna buy that
with Wow we go hey yeah I just gave you
that one I got I'll get this you know
comes with little tanks - so you'd like
you'd have to buy anything off co2
okay so co2 enough people enough for a
video yeah
yeah easy for a leave India one video
maybe maybe maybe a prick
mom you wind up in the hood alright guys
so here it is the gun it's just a prank
but here's the gun it's what DJ's about
to get shot with
it's a paintball gun guys thumbs up if
you wanna see me take a shot you sir
what you're all getting shot we're all
getting shot what yeah it's a water
balloon gun yeah yeah these are the
water balloons is 500 water balloons
this fuckin oh I made sure to get extra
extra co2 thank you only water balloon
pounds a nice pistol like it's big yeah
hard case when you play the audience
looks like a Heisman of those niggas has
no wear heels get ready for this game
yep y'all want to play a game with you
guys you tell me if Ryan has a snapchat
filter on or if he doesn't have a
snapchat filter on so here's a Ryan
looks like alright now here here's the
SHO yes it is yeah no no go back to your
regular face regular regular face not a
regular face go back to your regular
face regular face oh it is
yes what what does that dude like just
make sure no it doesn't do anything bro
it's your regular face you see
come with a little bit oh yeah you got
been over 20 minutes y'all oh you guys
oh my god yeah we're done the raspberry
look at us yes love
so you're Ryan why you it'll be a face
we're outside right now I decided why
not unbox my my paintball gun so I have
my paintball gun here and I have a bunch
of paintball experts here to teach me
through this but my boy Hamza wants to
get shot in the stomach so so we got
Hamza who's volunteering to get shot in
the stomach for no reason like I don't
hands for their hands for the face okay
bless so guys I'm going to shoot this
man in the stomach with my new paintball
gun let's get it exactly when I don't
shine it a lot okay so we're putting one
is co 2 nd look yeah I'll bet you know
miss to get eggs are real we got real
I come by oh listen fellas okay okay
this is what you wanna know it's just
gonna go it's just gonna put it right in
there okay yeah doctor gases in the
gases in the chamber take a shot with no
bullets shot oh no where there's no snow
shoot the pizza fam don't shoot any
pizza oh are you sure are you sure I
don't know any little puss y'all get
y'all all right load him up and let's do
this stomach room do we take whoa gah
it's gonna spawns are deep in already
mer just toss away yeah that's it that's
it oh that's it as you pull this back
one will go in the chamber and then you
keep going okay pull it back we're not
safety like right here oh the Safety's
office now it's on
hopefully okay so we don't know which
one's the safety chute in like in the
grass strip I think the safety triggers
when you yeah so this is hurted okay
Safety's on
okay so yeah the Safety's only one was a
seize off you're all goddess you're
fucked
can you turn it down or no Oh what the
hell yeah we're gonna do you guys start
with the stomach you want to go on
multiples take oh I'll say all of these
things - you're the first
I should have enter fence to the fence
either damages yeah I know it's gonna
work the case
oh I wouldn't know bro bro no bro I feel
bad shooting this I wouldn't I was like
I would go with you cheap fuck yeah then
you'd have to just do it on your back
no on your back in the morning will you
guys give like a finish this I love this
I pinnacle so gorgeous no yes or no do I
hear sighs - I don't do this yeah is
there a way to turn it down
is there a way to turn it down let me
tell you you trade my box
tiandra if a boss is saying don't do it
there's something up your dog a little
shirt or not it looks like my shirt on
him that's why Jesus constitute pump oh
it's gonna hurt so much you are with a
shirt if you get done okay guys so he
wants wants one shot the fuck am I am
like you see that shot two shots loaded
it I'm sure I'm taking the shot at him
hit him in the back get him in the back
skipper the back door who is the name
hey fucking dragon even cook three two
one it's not even loaded
oh okay let's go so the stronger love
wrong I know how I would feel in your
position bro I'm not gonna fuck with
your head three two one no you're
killing me bro
no you're killing me no I think it's a
good idea that we don't do it what is
going on with that guy's head folks this
I saw shooting bro this is a sign from
God
Saint you babies you're don't shoot -
flamingo pink car that will shoot don't
shoot it let me go Oh yo yo rock paper
scissors rock paper scissors rock rock
your missus or flip a coin flip a coin
or something I gotta grab you kill heads
he's getting shot
tails flip it okay Sammy
yes bro awesome
oh damn getting them there's a ring for
what you know we're actually doing this
again I know now you're playing with
armor yeah I don't know I don't know I'm
stay out of it if I get a hundred
thousand like what the fuck does that me
for me I'll give you the blessing
snapchat sharing of your life shouting
ah I'll get up to you groans not that I
won't do it oh yeah it's a tree I'm
chillin bro I promise I thought it was
loaded I'm really gonna miss you boy so
easy there talk mo you're gonna choose
each other not but following buddy are
you okay no show me some easy baby and
follow my man jacket Chad of the JDM I
know just hanging on guys Ryan gave me a
shout-out he got me ten followers so the
boys all got all this pizza but I can't
eat meat sadly by walking still alive
liar liar yes how is the United States
what's ice that I have that legs iam
broke so yeah bye what he's eating a
salad so guys I'm back at my house I
literally have been at the boys house
like since I woke up in the morning I
just did a few things and went there for
the full day it was dope I got to catch
up with you boy my bro Ryan and then
just like half an hour ago right before
I came home I was watching more wolfy
raps videos like when you search in
wolfy raps in the description bar and
mad fans mad supporters are dropping
banger videos as to why I'm their
favorite youtuber so I was watching a
lot of videos right now I'm downstairs
in my house Sylvia's just brushing her
teeth
and then we're gonna go upstairs I want
to show you guys one in particular that
made me crack up I died laughs actually
there was - there was two videos but I
can't remember one of them was called so
I'm gonna show you the one that I do
remember the title of because this one
was amazing and yeah shout out to all
the people that continue to make and
drop banger videos about your boy wolfy
just like the support right now is crazy
as for the haters ah go fuck yourselves
we don't really care
about you but the people that fuck with
me I like you guys all I gotta say guys
if you didn't know I was a fucking beast
now you know I'm a fucking Beast because
hitman style has got your boys back he
knows your boys a king savage I'm a
fucking Beast check this shit out this
video is the best video on the internet
right now I watch him every day every
that's quiet
every time ever you watch this video
look fucking face hey that's cool
I'm with fucking bezel foster here
everyone let's go inside what's up with
you Bob you stop quickly shoot well that
was goofy listen to them yes peace let's
go you guys already know he's gonna
watch our videos every time and
subscribe to me and he says don't listen
to the haters why is it so blurry it's
so blurry right now oh yeah don't listen
to the haters hit man styles got my back
shout out to hitman style this guy's a
cheat he knows I'm a beast and haters
why are you playing yourself anyways I'm
gonna end the vlog off there I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up let's smash
17,000 likes because we always smash
70,000 like some more Wolfie we are
killing the shit lately
and also if you guys made it this far in
today's vlog I want you to comment
something down below so that I know
you're the true wolf femme that made it
to the very end of my vlog so comment
down below this is a bad idea
I want you guys to comment down below
this is a bad idea because as you guys
saw earlier in the vlog that paintball
gun is a beast it may not be the fastest
one but we're all kind of bitches so
nobody is trying to get shot with that
paper ball gun so make sure to comment
that down below and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage that
go
