good morning a yo let's get a trip where
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie
I am currently sitting in a parking lot
waiting for Silvia to go grab her food
our coffees and then I'm gonna go grab
my salad from across the street my
body's starting to feel like really
dependent on caffeine like I feel so
just like groggy and lightheaded right
now because I haven't had my coffee so
yeah is grabbing that I was literally
just passing out in the car I'm sitting
in this parking lot right now in the
very back of the parking lot kind of
taking a nap in my car in like two hours
we actually have a showing of a house so
me and Silvia and then my parents are
gonna go check out this one house it's
pretty close by and it looked really
nice in the pictures it's probably gonna
be like a decision between this house
and maybe like two other houses so
hopefully the one today goes well
finally some people are starting to
email me and Silvia back every time
we're like nah this is the house we find
other houses so we have other ones we're
gonna go look at on Sunday and Sylvia's
back with the ice cap you got the ice
cap oh my god they filled that up I know
I'm gonna be-what wide awake after this
you guys know I got my salade I'm bout
to muck this but I got an important
business to do before I eat that food
you know your boy business Wolfie is out
here on his grind so I got moves that I
need to be making and I will come back
to you guys
quickly assuming I'm done on the phone
to update you on my salad let me tell
you guys today we are one step closer to
verification everything is going good so
far I got a little bit more advice about
verification but now it is 3 o'clock
which means we got to go check out the
house or no it's not 3 o'clock yet it's
like 2:45 but we have to be at the house
for three I think so so you might be
filming your video down here I gotta get
it quickly and my mom is gonna come as
well so so yeah yeah
alright guys so we're off to the house
to go check it out I'm hoping that
there's enough space I'm hoping that
it's a nice house it'll always just hope
for the best because the house situation
has been stressing you a lot lately but
I'm just gonna hope for the best and
let's see what it looks like all right
now I'm in the master bedroom it's
looking nice there's a lot of space two
closets two closets here bed here the
washrooms nice so you can just walk in
right here got a little sink for
challenges shower someone definitely
just showered recently in here there's
two other bedrooms upstairs to call down
here not bad this is what closet that's
a closet
another little bedroom one of these will
be the office for sure the attics right
there there's another bedroom over here
so a lot of closet space for two people
in a house definitely enough space the
basements nice too living room more
space over here kitchen nice little
coach here good amount of space backyard
is not bad this space for a dog if we
get one and then downstairs has more
space underwear definitely a good amount
of space for two people storage is in
here hold on kind of creepy in here
right mad storage space back there
washer/dryer you know you got everything
you could possibly need for two people
so I like this option for sure so
overall the house we just went to check
out what the heck I'm tripping out what
is going on right now
Oh oh my god somebody put a string or
something up top so like the door
automatically closes yo I literally
thought I just ran into a ghost oh my
god I was tripping out there white
anyways like I was saying that
scared the out of me
the house do want to go check out was
pretty dope you guys saw it for the main
part that was enough space like when we
first went in the house there was kids
outside yelling and the main problem I
had before in my head was like am I
gonna be too loud when I'm filming
videos but the thing is as soon as we
went in the house
like you couldn't hear from next
door so that was dope there was a lot of
space the three bedrooms which means we
can have one strictly office space I can
have my own separate office Silvia can
have our own separate office kitchens
not bad the basement I don't think we'll
ever touch but we have a basement for a
lot of storage if we need it yeah that
house was like pretty dope
honestly it was pretty dope so that's
definitely one we're gonna take into
consideration we have two more that
we're gonna check in a few days and then
honestly I might go check out one of the
first ones we looked at just because as
the days have gone on I've liked it more
and more and more so right now Sylvia's
downstairs editing our video I'm just
laying around thinking about these
houses in my head so when my mom gets
home I'm gonna discuss all the different
options we have and then hopefully we
can come up with a conclusion soon
because I really want my own damn house
so right now we're in Walmart looking
for wallets because I'm making a video
on something so video supply shopping
right now I'm really stressing out
because I just looked at all my emails
and I have a lot of clothes that I
forgot to read so your boy is stressing
out hopefully after I film this video
everything will calm down a bit
my anxiety is going up I need to bring
it down by using it as energy in a video
I found the wallets the wallets have
been found so I need a few medium
quality wallets and then one that's like
an ass actually maybe just maybe just
two wallets trying to save money right
now so how much is that yeah one of the
velcro okay that's the worst one you
know I might cop two of those there too
but there's one of these I don't like
but I might get this one this might be
the what I get that ones 15 bucks and a
cheap one kinda need a medium one just
like the same prices this one all right
so do you want the one with the dragon
or just the regular one let me feel that
well no this one this one's definitely
 quality quality this one's too
good for me dragon you're too good for
me so I'm getting the dragon and then
probably got $15 one typical wallet a
leather one
this one's genuine leather back in
nature this is genuine leather
apparently it says but I don't know so
just my luck the wallets I picked out
didn't have a tag on them so now we're
waiting for the girl to run to the
jewelry section I think I know the
wallet section we're in the jewelry
section and then she's gonna bring them
back and then hopefully we can buy them
if not I'm gonna have to get a better
quality wallet which I don't want to get
for my video I'm trying to get like the
worst quality wallet possible we got
what we need King Wolf's up there
waiting for us so it's time to shoot
this banger you already know it's all
about bangers thank you Walmart for
giving me your shitty wallet size so I
came back to my house and look at this
creature why is that as big as my hand
do you guys see this I don't know if
that's a moth this thing is literally
the size my hand like we're infected in
fact is a beetle up there we're infested
we're infested there's animals or
insects and they want to kill us they
just want to kill us all got a spider
web down there man like God you pissed
alone you touch I'll give you five bucks
touch it with the bag with the bag I
want to see a flight
okay so is there any I'm running inside
- Yonah check for the ISO cuz I'm not
sure it looks kind of overexposed like
everything let's wash it out so guys we
just finished filming the video it went
well I'm tired as hell because I spent
bad energy in the video on my baby
cucumbers here we're mostly eating fish
sticks for dinner don't have those in a
while bright spacious definitely gonna
muck the out like these fish sticks
my mom's telling us more how does he
found I'm trying to watch the Olympics
today but yeah the videos a banger so
expect that soon I was just informed via
Twitter that we hit 2.2 million
subscribers so shout out to all the
people that were watching my live
subscriber count' you guys are crazy
you're watching it way more than me but
I love how active and loyal the wolf ham
is right now keep killing it guys let's
get it thank you to each one of my 2.2
million subscribers by now we already
probably have like an extra 5,000 more
but it doesn't matter I love all of you
guys they're women shopping for houses
I guess water yeah so we're gonna give
her skim milk
what yeah can you order let's get a coke
hey go there's water with sugar in it
and a bit of flavoring so we thought
Michaels closed at 9:00 at 9:30 so I
mean still you're gonna rush over there
you guys are no Michaels is hard on
Michael's chapters sorry chapters
because I'm gonna go buy a planner
because right now I'm feeling really
stressed out about life but when you get
stressed you just gotta write things
down cross out one day at a time so
we're gonna go get me a planner your boy
wolf he's got to get planned we have
arrived at chapters we have
approximately we have 20 minutes the
gold air get home because the 200 meter
finals the men's 200-meter finals with
Usain Bolt are on tonight and Andre de
Grasse not Tyson to grass I don't know
why I said that last bug so he's looking
for pillows already we're not looking
for clothes there's more white ones over
there
we're looking for text books or journals
not pillows my had girly planners over
here I might just get this thin one
assist whose man is this oh I had it so
small I got you on
well this is my life story I am very
busy I think I might just go with a
plain black 2017 one it's kind of wavy
let's see yep just the days oh no it
starts January 2017 though
I got all these cool-looking journals
the ones that are like actually made of
leather with these rip direct pages
these are wavy wavy journals oh look at
that
quick reflexes to put it up there so
we're back on time and check out what I
got here we go
I went with just the plain black
moleskin notebook because it starts in
2016 which it is now and it goes to 2017
to the very end so this this is gonna be
very helpful to me and then I almost got
this one then still you got it boom gold
it is a gold weekly academic planner in
this bitch and not only that but this to
a gold what is that little gold book
okay so we got two notebooks this was
$18 real gold
swag we're good now the events are on in
like ten minutes so I'm gonna start
editing and then watch the 200-meter
sprint and then there might be is it 400
meter something something is out tonight
kobold is about to run the race is about
to start they are lining up I will let
you guys know how the race goes I think
bolt is gonna come in first and then I
think Andre de Grasse is gonna come
hopefully in second maybe the first can
adapt top would be blessed hopefully the
race goes well so just like I thought
Usain Bolt came first and then we got
Andre de Grasse second place let's get
it this man got a silver medal I think
he's only 21 years old yeah he's 21
years old so he has a lot of time ahead
of him oh my god my mom got new
headphones and she looks pretty hip with
them she wants to have my beat so bad
but I got both and she just got her
beats I said Jam Jam six my ute
stop flashing the camera I'll take that
I got her phone what's going on TV 10
month old girl run over what so right
now I'm already writing notes in my new
agenda thingy and I'm feeling a lot
better I was feeling super lost and
stressed out because like there's too
many thoughts going on in my head but
now as soon as I write them down on
paper things are getting a lot easier so
this is good so Sylvia just went
upstairs because it's like 2 o'clock in
the morning I know it's only 1 o'clock
in the morning and she's about to go to
bed without a vanilla cone she's kind of
cheese that I haven't went yet so I just
texted her a picture of the McDonald's
like I just googled a picture of the
McDonald's and I texted her a picture of
I guess the inside of the McDonald's and
I said I'm here what do you want so
let's see if she actually believes it ok
I've played myself good in the picture
the McDonald's is definitely it's like
daytime when the picture is taken cuz
it's late outside she's like oh yeah
it's daytime I'm just gonna say it was
bad lighting she's in my room right now
so she could probably hear when the car
leaves okay can send another text she's
like she just sent a laughing emoji so
thanks she caught me let's call her and
tell her how now says her FaceTime
I'm watching Serbia versus USA in
Olympic women's volleyball yo I'm here
at McDonald's
where are you so guys I got this wallet
for a new video I'm filming or I filmed
it earlier today if it's gonna be a bang
that's gonna be on my main channel but
this wallet is the thinnest thing in the
world like holy crap takes up so much
less space in my other wallet so this is
probably gonna be my new main wallet
where I carry everywhere because that's
one step closer I one step further away
from me having to get a man purse
because my pockets don't take up too
much space anymore look at the duct tape
suit for my most recent video just
sitting just laying down in this
recording room right here to see these
to cover my house it's so heavy just
like hey I want to throw it out but I
can't throw it so lonely they might as
well call me the Loblaws 2:00 a.m.
something because I'm always here at
2:00 a.m. I'm at Loblaws because I want
to pick up some Red Bulls because in the
next couple of weeks I have a strong
feeling that I'm gonna need some Red
Bulls like just more than my typical
coffee so I'm getting that and then
we're gonna go get the vanilla cone for
the vanilla cone bandit it is freezing
in here we're in like the healthy
section oh my god
it's cold this so I'm not even
gonna get your typical Red Bull even
though they come in a pack of four but I
kind of want that these ones that are
429 each because they're like double the
size this one has what how much
milliliters 473 355 okay this is the
second biggest one and then these little
ones with each other regular size 250 so
this is almost double that and if this
is 2 for 5 or 1 for 249 or one for 429
then if we do the math 2 for 5 is
cheaper but then 2 4 5 if you get 2 2 4
5 6 10 bucks or you can get one of the 4
packs which is 949
which is cheaper than the tube so this
is the best option then okay guys so I'm
back in my room my armpit is itchy as
 for some reason but I'm gonna end
the vlog off there I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did make sure to give it
a big thumbs up let's see if we can hit
17,000 likes because we've been hitting
it on every single more Wolfie vlog so
far so go down hit that like button and
if you guys made it this far in today's
vlog I want you guys to comment
something so that I know you're the true
ol fam you stay the end of the vlogs and
that you're a loyal a supporter so
comment down below
ryan looks like ice JJ fish I want you
guys to comment Ryan looks like ice JJ
fish because there I just texted me
saying he's coming here at 6:00 in the
morning 6 a.m. this guy's gonna get here
at 6 a.m. and this guy expects me to be
awake so comment down below Ryan looks
like ice JJ fish because this guy played
himself like nigga I'm not gonna be up
at 6:00 6:00 a.m. to come to come get
you so but yeah leave that in the
comments and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage go
