good morning yo what's good a super
wolfy today we are going we might be
going to check out a house hopefully
we're going to check out a house last
night I was up till like 4:00 a.m.
searching for houses and I found some
blessed ones so if we have time for that
we're gonna do that Sylvia's dishing me
for the day so it is I'll be ending on
my own like I do every day but right now
we're going to get some breakfast and
then I don't know what else is in store
for us today so we'll see I want to
check my pee locks cuz I think I have
some shit waiting for me there you
already know I got myself but Sylvia to
snake and she's making the guy wrap it
up and she's not gonna finish this other
time yeah you're a snake got a little
brunch date and then off the sea houses
some important three-year old shit so a
bunch of shit came in the mail for me
I'm blessed to have a lot of stuff back
here and I got a big package from Mighty
Muggs so that's how you know when your
relationship is real you make some vids
about a cup and then you'd get extra
cups so now I got a billion lines
fillable cups I got to think of a
blessed idea because I want to do
another video with them so I got to
think of that but yeah I got boxes back
there some notes some letters and stuff
like that so I'm excited to open them so
we're on the way back from the house
that we just checked out apparently the
guy on the phone said I was like five
minutes away from where I am right now
but it's definitely not five minutes
away from where I'm like minimum ten
minute drive like if I'm speeding but
probably like 15 minute drive maybe even
20 minute drive on like a regular day so
this guy doesn't know I'm from the city
and I know where things are so that
selling point is me
so right now I'm gonna go back and check
out the other house we were looking at
the other day yeah I'm gonna check out
the other houses we were looking at the
other day just to like compare them in
my head just to see in my head if I
think I'm gonna be too loud for this
place because if I am then we can't we
can't go there I'm gonna give it one
more look right now and then maybe one
more look on the inside not today but
like in a few days and then that I'll
help me make my final decision if I come
on like one of those house shows we're
gonna go with option B with the fucking
deck that's about to fall off or option
a with a nice backyard we'll come back
after the break stay tuned till there
should be a waitress cuz she just
carried everything in in one trip and
you don't want to take multiple trips in
from the house you got to do it all in
one trip Cleo you're not going outside
you can unbox my fan mail with me though
till you got a fan mail she's gonna open
it first let's see what it is let's see
what Sylvia got whoa got our own fan I'm
Sylvia Gani artwork that's dope
I live in New Jersey but I was born and
raised in the Bahamas your videos are
awesome and help me waking up for school
a lot easier
good job Sylvia you're making it alright
so the first box I'm gonna open is from
my team ugh you guys already know I've
made my ID bug video one kind of viral
so they hooked it up with some fucking
mugs man we're going to make a part two
in this dish we're about to make some
viral shit just pretty heavy so
bugs in here maybe too many mugs for my
family how many do you need
so the moment of truth let's see what we
got in here I only have one money money
oh my god
we just got 12 many bugs in this bitch 6
are the ones that I already had and then
6 of what are these ok the silver ones
so I have 12 Mighty Muggs now enough for
the whole family
everyone have two in the whole family
this is fucking dope thank you my mother
guys I've been trying to brainstorm
another video I can do with the money
mom because I want to put out another
banger on my main channel so comment
down below some idea that I can do with
this Cup or with all these cups if you
have any idea coming up a little because
I want to drop another bag on the main
channel and I'm forking I want to get
sports if I'm ready mugs like it it can
happen now so before I wasn't sponsored
but see this Twitter if you're watching
this this is what a real relationship
looks like ok this could be us but
you're not verifying me so I don't like
you right now Christmas gifts for
everybody I also got one more box that I
want to open quickly so let's do this is
I don't know who this is from
but we'll open it what do we got what do
we got a lot of newspaper okay so we got
a letter I've been watching you and
David and the rest of team I will since
the start of 2016 and I've watched all
of the team album videos I found Big Dig
Dave's team album videos and basically
fell in love with your humor and what
you guys do
here's some candy for you to eat just
checking to see if diet Wolfie is alive
Wolfie you can have one of the chocolate
bar and give Silvia the other one this
one is from Jackson and says stay savage
Thank You Jackson
yeah Thank You Jackson hmm a lot of
newspaper a lot of newspaper to protect
this is my cat night and way no Missy
you fucking you know the blogs if you're
giving Kit Kat and Wayne oh and then
some more sriracha because I'm the
realest nacho got Dave I don't know
where you go but thank you Jackson for
the chocolates and a sriracha
put this in my fridge and then murk this
with every food I eat so guys day 1
after I sent in that video basically my
2 million video where I asked to get
verified I'm still not verified but I
went to go check the Twitter website to
see if I could send in another request
and apparently it says I already sent in
one so I can't send in another one for
some reason so now I'm gonna take that
as a good sign and just wait it out but
if Twitter doesn't get back to me soon
I'm dropping another video on my main
channel straight up because I'm trying
to get verified so Twitter again if
you're watching this just take it into
consideration you should verify your boy
otherwise I'm gonna have to take matters
into my own hand and drop some hits I'll
drop a love song about Twitter
come here Cleo hey she loves me
this is the real BAE right Cleo she's
gonna miss me when I'm gone clear I'm
throwing you off I'm throwing you off no
I can't be bad stop be careful
whoa whoa whoa you got to use your door
you have to use your door if you want to
get inside use your door we'll time how
long it takes her when I get our leash
Cleo oh wow yo so check this out guys my
boy hair is hooked it up again with the
YouTube banners I look fuckin dope
repeat my new banner now I look like I
have a two million subscriber banner
look at how wavy this is like me and I
got my censored mouth all my social
media is here updated social medias
because before my snapchat was wrong for
the longest time but we got that fixed
in the background we got like a wolf
claw mark and as you can see a bunch of
my different videos behind there over
here we got my 1 million video that was
a huge milestone so that's gotta be in
there and he even hooked it up with my
Twitter banner too so keep this if we go
to my Twitter type that in hold on and
then we we click on my page king wolfy
peep how badass that looks king wolfy on
the mouth bro oh my god this is fresh so
shout-out to Harris if any of you guys
are looking for like any different
graphic designer YouTube banners
whatever I'll leave the links to all his
social media in the description below
because this guy is wavy he made my last
banner and it was amazing and this one
is just fucking unbelievable like I'm
speechless this shit looks flame fam
flame so go check him out all these
stuff will be in the description but I
just
can't get over this like this is this is
blessed the ghetto film session is on
your boy is rapping let's get it I'm
rapping with my sister song instead of
my brother song this time it's a banger
but I'm in the studio right now so about
to record you guys we'll see you in a
second I'm a scary one do me attender
vary from obstacles can't stop the flow
of aquarium I'm a fucking asshole it
don't face take two okay guys so I
finished a take I finished like 15 takes
for my sister's video for a sister's
song whatever 100% original music by
Quintessa Evangeline so I'm gonna be up
on her channel rapping cuz you guys
don't see me rap much but it's me and my
sister song basically my sister song
with me featuring on it and that'll be
up on her channel probably within like
the next week or a few weeks so
subscribe to my sister's channel I need
you guys to all go there you guys show
so much love to my brother's channel but
we all make different kinds of things so
my sister does music my brother does
music but if you guys want to see your
boy Wolfie and if you guys want to hear
some banger songs here's the link to my
sister's channel go there show her as
much love as you showed my brother
because all my family we are all trying
to grind in our separate different
skills youtube.com slash Quintessa
Evangel I think it's contest Evangeline
if not I will leave the URL right here
and I will leave it at the top of the
description so go to her channel like
every single video she has up and
subscribe to her channel because you
will see a lot of banger music and
you'll see your boy Wolfie often appear
there so go there as soon as you're done
this video and show her as much love as
you showed this fucking guy test you
have anything to say she's getting a
makeup done by Sophia yes subscribe
subscribe ok I'll show you guys a sneak
peek of the song so you guys can get a
little bit pumped up for it to come out
alright guys here is a sneak peek of the
song I'm not gonna show you all when
you're done this vlog go peeping here we
go
there it is I know you guys are gonna go
crazy for that song as a fucking banger
Sylvia is in a natural habitat doing
some makeup my Drake and impression
so I'm back on the tank top because it
is ridiculously hot in my house I don't
think the air conditioning is on right
now but I wanted to show you guys
something because a lot of you guys have
always been asking me what do you use
that of your videos what do you use to
film your videos so quickly I will show
you so basically this is the program I
headed on it's called Adobe Premiere so
I use Adobe Premiere Pro I'm not like
the best editor but Adobe Premiere can
do pretty much everything I use it on my
laptop as well so they use this final
cut so I suggest using final cut if you
want an editing program that can do a
lot but it's easier to learn than
Premiere Pro in my opinion but I use
Adobe Premiere so for my cameras I have
a bunch of different cameras basically I
have this webcam up here this logitech
webcam it only cost like a hundred bucks
but it shoots in 1080p so I use that
anytime I'm like recording me reading
comments or anything that I can do
straight from the computer because it's
always plugged in it's always at the
right angle I don't have to set anything
up so it saves a lot of time but when
I'm using the webcam I don't use the
webcam microphone cuz the webcam
microphone is like kind of ass so this
is the microphone me and Sylvia using a
lot of our videos it is the blue Yeti
Pro it's not the normal blue Yeti it's
the blue Yeti Pro it cost like a hundred
bucks more but the sound quality on that
mic is just like it's amazing so I love
that microphone I put it on this and
just swing it in front of my computer
when I'm filming so it's not easy
literally just screw it in right here
and then just work with it a lot of the
times with my vlog camera that I'm
holding up right now I'll just hold it
but if I'm getting someone to film
something for me or sometimes if I just
need a little tripod to set it up I got
my little Joby right here this mini
tripod adjustable octopus arm shoutout
to Casey nice that because this guy put
these on for me this thing is like the
most helpful thing ever I use this thing
every single day speaking of Casey nice
that my other camera that I don't really
use too much anymore but I have a Canon
70d this is my DSLR camera and then I
only have one lens for this camera
basically it's a wide-angle lens because
that's the one case you used and I
thought it was dope for me a wide-angle
lens is dope because you can get way
more in the shot and especially being in
a small and condensed room like I was
used to filming with albo where I would
set my camera at the back of the room
zoom it all the way out and it still
would like cut off mine or dad's arm
this camera can like be right in your
face it's 10 by 22 millimeters as you
can see right there I don't know if it's
focusing I hope it is
the lens is 10 by 22 millimeters and
this thing can be in your face and it
could still get the whole room so I
fucking love that camera it also has
autofocus which saves a lot of time a
lot of youtubers know that the pain of
focusing your camera on your face and
then shooting the whole video in it not
being in focus that sucks
so the autofocus has saved my life like
a billion times so that's my DSLR camera
I'm not gonna show you my tripod because
my tripods like a $60 tripod it's pretty
shitty but it does the job behind my
computer I have two of these lights and
nothing special they cost me like a
hundred bucks each and then I'm using
this ghetto light to like even out the
lighting on my face when I shoot a video
because I find this one just lights up
the left-hand side of my face and I need
something on the right-hand side of my
face so I don't look like weird the
vlogging camera that I'm using to shoot
me right now is a g7 X mark 2 so as you
can see it is the newer version of the
g7 X I have a little micro muff on top
to like help with the wind reduction coz
when I'm outside in its windy this thing
literally saves my life like before I
have this thing on you could not hear
anything when I went outside and it was
leaked so other than that I use Adobe
Premiere to edit lows on my cameras
those are my lights my tripod is ass and
then for my thumbnails I usually just
use Photoshop a lot of the time I put
the image in Photoshop mess around with
it a bit put it on some website and then
bring it back to Photoshop but Photoshop
is mainly where I do my edits for my
thumbnails and that's it that's all the
equipment I use on a regular day basis
obviously if you vlog every single day
you want to have extra batteries for
your vlog camera or for your main camera
I have two batteries for each camera
just in case one runs out because it is
the worst when you run out of battery
mid filming but yeah that's everything I
use I hope that helped you guys I hope
that helped all you aspiring youtubers
obviously I didn't buy all that
equipment at once like it came one at a
time like I bought the lights first the
vlogging camera was like one of the last
things I bought but that is literally
just what I use you don't need that if
you want to be a puppet youtuber for the
longest time I filmed with my other
camera which only cost me like 300 bucks
I didn't have lighting nothing crazy
like that
and I was still banging out videos so
you don't need all these crazy things
they come with time so keep grinding and
hopefully eventually you guys can get
everything you want so I just finished
editing the most savage video I've ever
fucking edited in my life now I got a
call soon yo so yeah are you home
anyways yeah there you go I'm getting
Sylvia from the bus stop I guess she
went with her friend to go see a movie
so I
we'll pick her up from the bus stop cuz
you know these streets man they're
fucking dangerous streets out here got
to make sure silvia is safe out here so
i'm gonna go pick her up
i got to give you guys a quick update on
the verification process on twitter day
seven billion sixty-five thousand and
forty two still no verification on
twitter it's all good you know wolf am
killed it we got the fucking hash tag
verify wolf your apps trending for a
long time so i'm super proud of the wolf
am for doing the hat on a better note i
gain seventy five thousand subscribers
today like what the fuck i didn't even
drop a video today why am i getting
seventy five thousand this is stupid man
yesterday i got like 70 mm I thought we
were gonna slow down I had to change my
fucking Twitter buy out a 2.1 million
people watching my videos like this is
insane it's gonna be 2.2 tomorrow like
this right holy shit the wolf am is just
it's I don't even know what to say we're
we're too late right now we're just too
late
oh I've been feeling really weird like
I've been tired but not to the point
where I need to nap so I've been like on
the edge of napping all day and I also
haven't watched any of the Olympics
today which I'm kind of teased about I
want to see something I watched like
five minutes of BMX but that's not
enough that's how you know the Olympics
are on though because I know nothing
about BMX bike riding but you better
believe you boy watch that and that was
cheer for everybody I'm about to pull up
on Sylvia do you think she's gonna be
outside yes or no if the answer is no
then you're probably right let's see and
the answer is no so you guys are right
good job where does this go we're up
inside texting I caught her snake every
single time your boy is in bed over
there watching videos but me until
you're staying out pretty late because
apparently at 12 o'clock Pacific time
which is 3 o'clock in the morning for us
there's like some new makeup brush
dropping or something so we're gonna
stay awake until that drops which isn't
a big deal for me because I stay up late
every night but Sylvia staying up as
well and she's editing her video right
now so that she can stay up so I'm gonna
end the vlog off there I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did make sure to give it
a huge thumbs up let's match 17,000
likes on this video go down I hit that
like button right fuckin now
also one quick thing I was reading
through some of the comments on
yesterday's vlog yeah I read all the
fucking comments and a lot of you guys
are kind of cheese that you're watching
my reaction to the Olympics but I wasn't
when you guys the Olympics and the
reason for that is apparently right now
people are being extremely strict with
like showing videos of the Olympics that
aren't directly on TV so if I record the
screen technically if people see it then
my video could get taken down as a whole
like my whole vlog even if it's in it
for like two seconds so that's why I
wasn't really showing you guys too much
of the Olympics and I was showing you
mainly my reaction cuz I can actually
show you that without my video getting
taken down but next time I'll try and
sneak a little bit more of the Olympics
actually in it plus my reaction but yeah
once you guys the comments going down
below so that I know you made it to the
end of the vlog and you're the true wolf
Sam
so everybody if you're still watching
this video right now comment down below
gold play button just comment down below
gold play button because on this wall
there's about to be a gold play button
and probably like two months but it will
be there eventually so comment that down
below and I will see you guys soon
on more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more savage in my main channel and
as always stay savage
