good morning AOS get your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy in his bitch
so guys you caught me it's not the
morning it's like 5:00 p.m. but I spent
all morning filming and editing and then
dropping a video for my main channel
because overnight I hit 2 million
subscribers on the main channel so we
are flying right now so yeah I put
together a bit of like a dare slash
special slash I update you guys on a few
things so basically I just finished that
and now it is time to eat haven't eaten
yet but I don't feel too bad because
it's still raining outside it is not a
nice day out and other big news I just
went and checked on my YouTube account
and I can claim my gold play button my 1
million subscriber play button so I'm
about to fucking do that this is huge
man like oh I'm excited literally like
every day I've been checking and waiting
and waiting and waiting to see when I
can claim it so this wall is not gonna
be lonely for too long even though I
can't order the friggin more wolfy one
for some reason it's all good the gold
play button will do for now but
hopefully the more wolfy one like shows
up on my YouTube soon so I can order
that one too because I want all three
because 3 is lit man here we go alright
guys so I just ordered the gold play
button now I checked and I remembered
that I'm pretty sure they do this like
at certain times each year so my 100,000
subscriber on more wolfy plaque is in
right now so I'm getting both at once
I'm pumped here we go let me just copy
this code to copy claim your prize' yeah
I'll claim my prize
don't worry I'll claim my prize redeem
additional codes that's my code boom
boom boom right yes and just like that
we got two plaques coming in the mail
let's get it next black is more wolfy
one milk lock yeah is the next pack from
my main channel is 10mil and that's
gonna take a while but might not take
too long with how fast we're going but
now it's gonna take a while I'm gonna
wait Cleo up in three two
I see them wake up there's hurdles going
on you guys are sleeping so where's this
guy's high jump high jump like Canada on
the jump yeah you played yourself yeah
for half a second definitely not 20
seconds as long as hell this Instagram
pic is deadly it says the girls like and
they say girls with brown hair can't
wear jeans stick is like who said that
it's oviya this is a type of caption you
post and they see when they say girls
with brown hair can't wear jeans I love
it - Wow - that's oh yeah you guys know
how in multiple of my DIY videos this
temperature thing was never below like
10 degrees look at this it happens to be
minus 30 degrees when I'm not filming a
video so glad to see that my freezer
gets cold when I don't need it to get
cold
yeah I don't open the fridge door guys
look at these movie gift cards I need to
go to a movie soon you're supposed to go
see Suicide Squad today with Sylvia but
we didn't have time so probably gonna go
see Suicide Squad goal is tomorrow
no God why are you here Oh mom the right
carpet why is it on right here so why is
my dad right here you beeping me Fergus
all food Canada's killing high jump
right now killing high jump whoo class
jump exactly you read it here let me do
it so they hold this I'm going to show
you my high jump I need to make your
sound effects but you do
you made it you've jumped over the bar
now let me jump on the couch yeah get
out of here ready now watch out nah like
if they decide to 38 we'll see amazing
thank you spells not high enough at all
zero so there's a Ukrainian high jumper
on against our Canadian high jumper
basically missed two attempts at 238 two
meters and 38 centimetres longer
expertise on this hole so he missed the
two attempts and then he's trying to go
off fire to fuck around with the
Canadian guy but I think he's gonna murk
himself right now my mind games he can't
make the hike at the one before there's
there is okay so he's jumping now this
is ridiculous even though he only has
two left and the other one or one at 2.4
meters he has three attempts to do this
Canadian guy and we got the other guy
higher so here we go Ukraine whose man
is this Hey yeah that's what I thought
run away from the part guys right up to
the bird right away I hope that counts
as a fucking okay so he has 30 seconds
to to get up and do it again he's like a
cat cleaning fest going on ready now he
runs away again I'm gonna die he was
even close yeah clap it up but he walk
off so the Canadian is now going for the
Olympic record he doesn't need the jump
because he has the gold but Derek Drouin
is going off 2.4 meters here we go
here is blue tongue eating blue
raspberry the candies she has the same
type of technique as we slaps himself if
he doesn't get this it doesn't matter
he already has global poverty living
forever Sylvester he's tried Olympic
record looking at your pay attention
cats see ok areas he's running
boom-boom-boom-boom gazelle gazella
gazelle oh yeah ok I need the damn
battery for my friggin camera I don't
know where I put it but I want to go
check out these houses cuz I have like
an hour before my video drops so I think
it would be dope if I searched and
actually saw these houses I was looking
at online look like in person see if I
actually like them first I need me some
brittle water oh my god it's falling
over oh my god amazing yes my charger or
my battery we're good to go you know
it's a beautiful day outside when it
stops raining at 9:40 p.m. this is uh
all day it's been like heavily raining
harder than the other days but now so
nice as it's been in it's 9 o'clock at
night but now you're on route to check
out the first house apparently there was
a bunch of people getting mugged kind of
like around the area of my house so by
gunpoint yeah my gunpoint yeah so if you
guys live in Ottawa and you live
somewhere well actually anywhere just be
careful at nighttime people could be
anywhere trying to rob you and shit it's
unfortunate but I guess that's the world
we live in
so what I figured out is how shopping is
stressful as fuck because there's always
something you can find wrong with one of
the houses like one of the big issues
with the houses is that I film videos
really loud so we have to find something
that I can be loud in but that's a
problem I don't know there's just so
many damn issues with houses that are
close together you want like a newer
modern house all these things so it's
just a lot of stress a lot of stress but
hopefully we find something soon anyways
I'm not putting my video right now so
let's get it so guys I told everyone to
tweet out verify wolf your apps in my
new video and everybody is going off I'm
pretty sure we got trending so this is
one step closer to me actually getting
verified hopefully Twitter season
hopefully verified accounts easy I know
they don't really tweet anything on
their account but I thought I'd tweet
out both accounts because why not who
knows like I just want to get verified
every time i refresh my notifications is
like another ninety-nine and I know it
is trending mad places in the world like
for some reason I can't see it but mad
people keep sending me screenshots of it
being fucking trending so we got a
fucking trending worldwide trending
let's get it what you know about that
wolf and power you ever question me even
though I'm not the hugest Twitter person
it's all good the YouTube juice is
coming to the Twitter world and we are
taking over let's go like this is what
my Twitter looks like right now okay so
I'll just go up to the top and I'll
refresh it and then mad news stuff will
come down so this is one step closer to
greatness as you guys can see on this
list we got verified Wolfie raps right
there let's go he is downstairs in his
natural habitat it is 2:00 a.m. the cats
are waking up guys Sylvia is upstairs
passed out I've literally been on
Twitter for like the past two and a half
hours we are trending verify Wolfie raps
is trending hard so if Twitter doesn't
verify me I'm kind of gonna be cheesed
but I got my comfy nighttime sweater on
tear this fucking cuz the wolf family is
just so lit like on my video I got so
much support for like the two mil oh my
god right now it legit does not look
like we are slowing down at all so today
is I guess Wednesday because it's 12
o'clock at night so today's Wednesday
Ryan is coming up apparently at like
Friday morning so expect to see Ryan in
the vlogs in a few days but I wanted to
talk to you guys for a second about the
houses or the housing situation that I'm
going
right now basically in Sylvia don't know
if we're gonna get a house or a condo or
an apartment or whatever basically the
main problem at hand is well a I like a
lot of space because I'm used to a lot
of space and B I'm a really loud human
being not only am i like footsteps loud
but I talk really loud people can
probably hear me in my house right now
my voice is deep and when I film videos
I am so loud as you guys can see in my
main channel videos like I get hyped up
I need to be away from a lot of people
like in a separate house because I yell
so that's a huge problem when looking
for a house because I don't want to move
into a house then get kicked out because
I'm too damn loud so we're working on it
we're working on it right now
all I gotta say is why is this at my
house right now like I don't understand
what this is saying on my fucking this
is just casually sitting on my like my
living room table this how you know your
wolfies house is just like a plastic gun
sitting limping room table funny because
I used to use that all the time to film
videos
it's a catheter Cleo there's that Lionel
these cats ridiculous the cat is on
guard they think they're seeing cats out
the front yeah like I was saying when I
used to make videos for my old old
channels I used to use like fake guns
and stuff Bing quacks I'm going upstairs
right now but yeah like I was saying I
guess we brought the fake gun so this
house too I don't know why we didn't
throw them out there's no use for them
like I'm never gonna use hooks again I
think there's like four or five if you
just like look through my house in the
most random spots but sillier than bed
right there so I'm gonna go to bed right
now I'm gonna end the vlog up there I
hope you guys enjoyed sorry it was a
little bit shorter than my usual vlogs
and sorry I'm being so quiet right now
but I got bent most of the day working
on my two million video and I hope you
guys liked it the Morrow's vlog will be
way more lit in today's vlog so I'll
make up for it but if you guys enjoyed
the vlog make sure to give it a big
thumbs up let's see we hit 17,000 thumbs
up
17,000 thumbs ups nothing I know he can
fucking hate it so go ahead like button
right now and if you guys made it this
far in today's vlog I want you guys to
comment something down below so that I
know either two of them and you made it
to the end of the wall
comment down below be very very quiet
that's it just to say be very very quiet
because I got to be fuckin quiet as hell
right now and I will see you guys soon
on more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more savage than my main channel and
as always stay savage
