good morning hey yo what's good a super
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy I'm
having a good morning I just worked out
it was like the first time I worked out
in a few days because I've been sick
even though I still have a little bit of
congestion in my nose feeling better to
the point where I can move my body so
that is an improvement I haven't eaten
yet today so definitely I'll do that
soon but after every workout is a
much-needed glass of water
go get it lass get it it's a nice day
outside so everybody in my family is
outside working out or just reading
books chilling out the backyard
hey what everyone is down there doing
their stuff some kid just yelled at me
for my backyard the trickiest thing just
happened guys I was walking on my back
yard you guys saw us walking on my back
yard and then I just hear my voice and I
see a car stop on like the opposite side
of the road these two guys are like
Wolfie can we come say hi I was like
fuck it yeah so I just caught up with
some fans but now your boy is sweaty so
I got a shower
cross the X off the calendar I haven't
done that in a few days and then it's
editing time you guys already know life
is tough out here laying on this
uncomfortable big-ass couch and Sylvia's
over there cooking me food yeah hurry up
don't put salt on my cucumbers this girl
puts salt on her cucumbers it makes no
sense we got eggs coming up salted
cucumbers and water melone I don't know
who pronounces water melone like
watermelon because it's clearly water
melone but do you guys put salt on your
cucumbers if you do you're kind of weird
so let me know in the comments down
below
team unsalted cucumbers and team soft
pears Silvia steamed hard pears and team
salted cucumbers and team salty
personality she's salty hurry up my legs
are so uncommon this big-ass couch gives
me why is there salt on my cucumbers the
other is found a speck of salt I see it
as a good a salt
so me and Sylvia are off to mentees
right now she is creating your ice cream
so I let her drive to the I can vlog
thank you what my period cravings thank
you oh yeah but when I get home I'm
probably gonna go on the website that I
use to do the giveaway and use it to
pick the winners so I'm excited because
that stuff has been sitting in my room
for like almost three weeks now and it
keeps taunting me because I want a
second ps4 and I need to get it out of
my house ASAP before I unbox it and use
it myself so I'm gonna do that when we
get back and then I think me and Silvia
are also gonna look at more houses when
you get back to so hopefully within the
next month we can find a place you know
now that I'm 12 years old I'm older so I
got to start to think of adult living
and living on my own or with Silvia with
our puppy and stuff for us to I know
they always ask me everyone's excited
apparently for us to move so since me
and Silvia are gonna be out of the house
probably within like the next month or
two months my parents are gonna be the
only ones there so you guys need to stop
coming to my house I'm not gonna be
there so it's pointless for you guys to
come up searching through me and I feel
really shitty what my parents have to
get the door when they're doing
something just to tell people that I'm
not there so guys if you love me and you
fuck with my family for the sake of our
sanity stop ringing our doorbell six
hundred billion times I'm not gonna be
there pulling up to men she's right here
right beside you dental I'm not getting
menses what Silvia is about to get
really gross make some fruits and ice
cream I'm all about that chocolate life
she likes fruits and ice cream it makes
no sense place is absolutely empty which
ice cream we'll go for today pineapple
how my femme brulee orchard peach
vanilla water
I use just a mix of vanilla and
chocolate let it go for a bit okay
get that I didn't look weird so these
ice creams liquidy
there we go
a lot of ice beer so guys he gets the
fruit and stuff like that I got all this
stuff forgot to show you they have all
these chocolate sauces no sugar guy
holding strawberry peanut butter cookies
and cream cookie dough man
shit's lit show you the final creation
told you guys strawberry she started
with the strawberries they are fresh but
if you don't like score don't get square
though oh my god that's so many
cheesecake from the lesson I was
interested though
no but you didn't get you I like I'm
cheesecake so yeah you need to chill you
need to chill I don't know about you
guys but if you guys fuck with these
chocolate rocks we can't be friends
I do not read these one bit not at all
or these frosted animal crackers like
whose cracker these guys the final
product is what we're working with
honestly I trashed off these things all
the time these poppin Baba's but I'll
eat one I don't fuck these you know it
doesn't go well with chocolate ice cream
though it's not terrible but when you
mix it up it just looks like the lychee
ones are my favorite so now that I'm
home I'm about to end the competition
and pick the winners for this giveaway
so here we go one point four eight
million entries god damn you guys went
fucking hard okay winners are here okay
so here we go draw all winners click are
you sure you want to draw all winners
yes I'm sure
drawing on winners 14% 18% holy shit
it's going through all the entries very
quick 27% boo okay here we go so it says
it is running right now I'm guessing
it's gonna take a few minutes for
everything to load up I will leave this
site up and I want to see who the
winners are Congrats to everybody who
won by the way I'll be emailing you guys
what you want so shits about to get
poppin ok so we got the winners picked
we have 21 different winners so shout
out to all the people to enter the
contest shut up to the 21 people that
won the contest you guys are the real
MVP s don't worry if you didn't win this
giveaway I'm probably gonna be doing
another one soon cuz I'm about to head
to mill on the main channel so we got
Johann from Miami Maria from New York
Sebastian from Denmark Owen from Ontario
Briley from Ohio Calvin from Fort
Lauderdale Florida Quizzle dizzle from
Green Bay Joey from South Africa Josiah
from California treyton from Madison
Mattia I think that's how you say it
from Croatia Matthew from Canada there's
probably a billion Matthews entered
Kodak from Illinois alameen from India
Gavin from New York
Edwin from USA that's all it says that
one youtuber from USA but you put an
email so it's all good Louis from USA
and
from Houston Texas Eli from USA and then
uncooked spaghetti from Arizona because
there were so many people that entered a
billion of you probably have the same
names from the same locations but in
order for you to enter you had to put
your email so I'll be emailing you guys
what you won basically I'll give you a
few days to respond to the email if you
don't respond to the email then someone
else is gonna get your prize so respond
to my damn email but yeah that is it for
this giveaway don't worry again there
will be another giveaway very soon
comment down below what you guys want
for the next giveaway if you want the
same stuff like ps4 Xbox gift card stuff
like that let me know in the comments
below so I know what to give away next
time if I don't do one for two million
subscribers I'm probably gonna do one
shortly after that so let me know in the
comments and again congrats to everybody
that one all you have to do is stay
active on my social media is to know
when my next giveaway is and because a
lot of people didn't win don't worry I'm
gonna be doing a big follows free so
more people can win so yeah now time to
email these people and then get to
editing god damn so I just sent out all
the emails for the winners of the
giveaway hopefully the people get back
to me in the next couple of days that
won the big stuff because if they don't
get back to me early enough then someone
else is gonna win their prize and that
would suck so guys if you're watching
this blog fucking get back to me ASAP
guys I'm in the VIP section of Sofia's
video this is what ghetto youtubing
looks like you got the tripod standing
up by itself on a bed leave a light here
this light I'm noted saying but
microphone all sprawled across the bed
Apple like peepees glasses smart Wolfie
is in the building who needs to get
taught a lesson Tilly you've been bad
stay after class 3 Detention for you
know running in the hallways you're
dogging your homework again come on yo
Kylie sponsor me hope you guys know
somebody soon love you and some of them
you might so bitter about and I decided
to gather my favorite hags little smooch
fish that I've learned along the way ok
guys so I just realized that I'm gonna
hit 2 million subscribers way faster
than I thought I was gonna hit it so I
had to think of an idea really quickly I
thought of an idea I have to go to the
grocery store to get the supplies for
the idea so I'm gonna do that and then I
also have another few things I want to
talk about but you'll see in my two
million video instead of dropping my
banger that I was gonna drop tomorrow
for I guess like just my banger upload
I'm gonna drop my two million subscriber
celebration video but
that means you guys will get two bangers
back-to-back so don't worry about it
there's a spider in the front of my
house trying to lighten up guys this is
what happens when you're walking oh look
at that fucking shadow oh my god bro
your where's this web going I don't know
bro
you mess with king savage in my own
house bro put some respect on my house
where is he going is the question
Rory fires a spider-like think he's
getting away
fat yo get them no no don't flick it
don't sit it just dropped oh no sir
yeah but it dropped on its Web bro it's
on my finger and it was like nah I'm a
drop of it oh he's putting up gang signs
all these fighters are gang signs guys
you see the spider peep oh don't be too
cool oh shit yo you have a choice either
you die or you get on the shoot and go
outside now he box him out Oh brothers
matter what they're saying there's a
hole that might be a spider up there too
if he's going to get his dad right you
see see a tarantula drop down what's
good I would burn kale this is what
needs to happen right now I don't have
patience he burped cute he's in the
crack no he's not rosaries legs yeah
he's dead he dropped I merged him so
hard his legs are chillin up top I just
walked in the car yo this guy's cousin
is here to beef this guy's cousin is
here to beef he has a web on my car hmm
oh my god
he's out yeah hey you might be squished
double kill
we're at the grocery store now I know
what I gotta get time to buy it I'm not
looking forward to this but the things I
got to do for you guys Scoville units
yeah
has oval units is our look we got so
these are the ones Sean had on his
channel that I'm not trying upon it
they're fucking high yeah I know
ghost peppers guys world's hottest
peppers right here boot Jolokia holy
shit
yeah these can eat jack is the ones we
eat were this small 549 what are these
ranked on the Scoville units right Diana
by measuring what you're taking it out
no no please don't wreck it not hot no
because then we have to I know these are
hot
you had these yes these are the ones we
had on Shawn's video Brian oh they're
hot you have to get the seed yeah I know
you fucking played you're so hot
Yolo all right so the cashier asked if I
was doing this for a dare I told him not
I'm about hit to a mill so I'm back home
about to make some food I know we have
chicken and stuff to make wraps but as
you guys can see my hairline has gotten
unstraight looks a little bent a little
broken so since I'm gonna hit two mill
Zach I need a fade ask your brother to
cut your hair when you hit a milestone
so he has to do it
Zach you hear him he's coming
yeah I will we're in the clear chef
Dustin back ends again with a nice wrap
us trying to toss this video that's not
in there
I hope that's not Photoshop this week
guys keep this juggling trick here we go
hold on come this way
I'll do it again
this is my sausage meat loaf things or
he has 11 in the air very right kick and
it's a big circle all right can do that
today is a day once in every two weeks I
get my hair line fixed so it's gonna be
good temper Oh almost got that gonna be
good temporarily for a day and then G
trying to flick the cat thing but after
two days it's gonna go back to normal
like the curve that it usually is but ya
know ooh yeah my shoulder fuck so this
is the before trying to fix my hairline
for the 700 time I'll let you guys see
actor so it looks like now the hair is
done cut razors fam let's get it what's
up everyone for treating me that they
all remember to heck - Mills he said
your name
all right this yeah I'm one of the watch
research oh yeah everything else pretty
sad or maybe two minutes nothing I told
you I'll get you a puppy well they're
all expecting it out yeah so order it
I told so yeah I give her the money for
a puppy pick the puppy get the puppy
exactly so we are 2,000 subscribers away
from 2 million on the main channel
that's ridiculous like what I just I
don't understand it anyways we're gonna
see how fast we can go get food sylia is
starving so I'm gonna drive it I go get
food quickly and then come straight back
she's probably gonna eat the food here
because we really don't have much time I
might hop on periscope like one or a
thousand away but I don't even think
we'll be back by that because we're just
flying right now alright guys so I'm
currently at 1 million nine hundred
ninety nine thousand three hundred and
thirty-seven subscribers thirty-eight
thirty-nine okay it's going to good it
is not the flower in the washroom with
some how it fucking went under my door
and it's back in here somewhere so I
gotta kill this fly but I'm gonna end
the vlog off there because I'm gonna put
my two million reaction on my main
channel you guys will probably see it by
the time this vlogs up that I see the
fucking fly snake anyways like I was
saying you're gonna see the reaction to
two mil on my main channel I don't think
it's gonna be as emotional as my 1 mil
because it just hit me so quick but
still I'm fuckin hyped right now but
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
if you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up instead of 17,000 let's hit 18
thousand likes on this vlog because I'm
about to hit 2 mil on my main channel
and if you are this fly is cheesing me
this flies i Barkston
oh I hit him he's still alive and if you
guys made it this far in the vlog I want
you guys to comment something down below
so I know your true level you fucking
snake comment down below wolf am 2 3
million wolf am NOT Wolfie
whoa fam because we're in this together
and I will see you guys soon on mol
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage
I'm fucked
