you guys can say bye to the BMW guys our
IP just bought my car with Bitcoin good
morning welcome back to more wolfy I
don't know if you guys can tell I think
I'm getting a little bit sick today my
voice is going but that doesn't mean the
vlog is gonna be any less lit than they
usually are so before we even begin the
vlog you already know what it is I'm
gonna give you guys five seconds to go
down I hit the like button with Gary
today we're gonna change it up your
forehead this is gonna be really hard
but you guys got five seconds starting
now
five four three two BAM did you hit the
like button did you hit the like button
did you did you did you hit the like
button anyways packed up my stuff we are
headed to Montreal this morning the land
of this the land of the daily stroke
Gabe where are you
yo Gabe's over here he says I'm old
Sylvia is still not back but yo I
completely forgot thank God my assistant
told me because if I didn't know but I
was supposed to bring the summer tires
with my car to Montreal that would have
been really bad because I would have had
to come all the way back but we are on a
tight schedule so let's get the day
let's just get it yeah I'm not gonna
take my shoes off but you know just give
me action your screen shot Jesus Christ
sweetie
and you may not be as soon as he wants
but yo where's these are you go boss
yeah these are fired
yeah I need the people give you the
cases hey give me this thank you
oh my god okay actually quickly before
Montreal we had to stop and get subway
because I honestly guys I remember I
said I think I'm getting sick I think
I'm getting a little bit sick today I
know I'm getting sick my throat hurts
mmm goddamn thank God Sylvia's on in
town because I would give her this
sickness it sold it sold it sold it to
give her the what well nah bro I sleep
the view chill sleeping the same I lay
Abed barely relax I'm stressed guys we
just pulled up to Montreal like we're
just outside the city and I'm getting
like the safety check down on the car
but it's weird because like I speak
English and that's all I can speak and
usually there's like language barriers
like where I am but now I'm in like
different turf so I just went in the
wrong building and I was like yo do you
know where this place is and the guy
said I have to really end of the
building which doesn't make sense and I
like I get it like he's French but I'm
stressed out here guys I like I can't
speak French so if I can't communicate
grow I don't go anywhere alone safety
inspection done time to get rid of this
fucking car nothing like some dr. oz and
some Christmas trees before you're about
to get rid of your car nothing like
omaree mids in the building you know all
wrecked up yo yo see you and how
Airbnb you snake through once again guys
look at this we just come for the Airbnb
and I I don't know I booked a luxury
apartment in Montreal I booked the
luxury apartment hey yo let me give you
guys a quick tour it'll be very quick
trust me because this is tiny you come
in the door here this is pretty much all
you can see so basically I mean it's
pretty modern looking we got a nice
community or you can see your boy Wolfie
kitchen here camera is going off because
I think it's freezing the elk coach is
on fleek I will give it that and then
this is my room I think little room here
I got my own likkle ghana's bang bang I
already put my bag down what is my
closet saying how do I open this just a
slide okay slide okay so we don't got a
closet that's a bathroom oh that's mom
what the cool cool bathroom so one
bathroom and then this is another closet
that probably doesn't work and then a
bedroom was yeah
quick little bedroom guys quickest house
tear you've ever seen so we just got
here we're gonna post out here for a bit
I gotta upload my video so I don't know
if the Wi-Fi is any good but yeah you
guys can say bye to the BMW guys our IP
it will be missed not no no it'll be
missed that guys that was like a dope
car
shout out to that car it never had a
name it died too young but it didn't die
just someone else has it's higher now
okay you got to move on like in
relationships guys me and him needed a
break okay so here's a little montage a
little sad montage cue the sad music
history I
are you kidding me kidding are you
kidding me air B&B just because we have
to light skins in the room that's are
you gonna call the Comcast holy Sh
everyone's racist out here I can't
believe this Brian bought a hat some
cream cheese la banquise
now may I play the villain aligning I
have the best poutine in the war in the
world apparently you don't know if the
teen is fries cheese curds gravy and
then you can add extra stuff no pigeon
feel you can add extra stuff I'm gonna
get pulled pork they say it's better
than smoke smokes is in Ottawa that's
where I'm from
this is what it looks like people
literally pulling up just for the spot
it's packed inside my camera might die
yo shits on guys
there Ryan young
I am so one language it's so messed up
right no issue where I thought he was
like talking about a shoe salad
turns out it's closer he's acting like
we should know it I don't know where it
left off on guys my camera is literally
glitching because of how cold it is well
a little warm up it is negative 26
degrees Celsius outside right now which
is something in Fahrenheit I don't know
just sit right there on the screen
check it out oh by the way light mighty
Lester got takeout wolfy yo so the food
warmed up this is much about the biggest
routine in the damn Lee
yoki I need to fill you 30 seconds like
never lose your best poutine in the
world is it actually the best pretend it
is I'm going into the don't see him with
seasoned fries going in with an open
mind
magnifique I'm actually addicted I'm
addicted to shopping I'm addicted to
buying stuff this store is open for five
minutes
tell me I got two pairs of pants haven't
tried them on crewneck haven't tried it
on but I know it's gonna be in sick I
need to chill out place that I came to
I'm actually gonna shout them out off
the hook in Montreal and I guess you
could say I took the clothes off the
hook yo yo yo that was abundant and
Montreal floors aren't positive they're
negative negative one for the home for
all the French viewers and anyone who
doesn't speak French all you got to do
is lift your mouth move it to the side
why woman have more floors than man yeah
why why women cannot dress more dress so
Wyatt what's that white do what's wrong
with them they should respect a woman
they know what do you think about this
it says Jim Jim oh my bad guys I love
you all right guys so we're back from
Montreal now literally didn't vlog all
morning but we're about to eat real
quick and then a citizen without eating
I'm gonna pick up my new whip off the
old whips gone new whips in maybe I'll
show you guys maybe I won't but yo one
thing I want to tell you guys is
actually something's cool because the
dude who caught my car who took over my
lease was like a young guy like me and I
was just like well he asked me what I
did and I told him I was a youtuber then
he's like I was like what do you do he's
like you know cryptocurrency just bought
my car with Bitcoin literally bought my
car Bitcoin he doesn't full-time so
shout-out to him I gotta go start
investing in Bitcoin in a theory oh just
pulled up to the dealership I'm excited
guys this light screw my friggin face up
but y'all I'm excited not as excited as
when I got my first crazy car but I am
excited and you can see cars customer
loud
you can get coffees when we late so
here's cold she's gonna get a coffee
I don't see any hot chocolate but David
to the nespresso now you just gotta wait
for my dad on my mom to come because
they're H oh my god they got dad's
cookies they knew I was coming so we
just did all the paperwork for the car
we're chilling here now I think this
place is like closed low-key like and
like nobody's really here I'm just
waiting for them to do some final
detailing on the car and then we're
gonna bring it up and then I'm gonna
have it for like two seconds and then
I'm gonna take it to go get it wrap and
I will I'll just meet you guys in the
car I said I don't know for one of meet
you guys in the car do I want to meet
you guys in the car too
baby baby no cuz then you'll know what
the car is okay I'll meet you guys at
the wrapping place alright guys so we
just got to the wrapping place these are
the colors that we got on the front I
don't I honestly don't know what I'm
gonna do yet but there's so much
selection we could do the whole thing
black carbon fiber which would be fucked
gold we could do some like some of this
diamond blue I don't know comment down
below what color you think your boys
gonna do there's just so many selections
and then the one with the most likes and
everything I would consider I'm not
gonna fuckin do chrome freak but yo
let's get it whoever picks it right no
you know I'll just do this and whatever
I go spin the wheel oh yeah it was meant
to be now we're out of here
anyways yo I'll catch you gather home
let's get it you guys they have cocaine
it was meant to be he definitely should
get it groping done yo Kanye you feeling
this cuz Thursday night yep see you guys
Kanye's in the zone oz khalji upbeat
Clio I'm still allergic to you Lionel
I'm still allergic to you you guys are
cute can't touch you alright come on
breathe anyways me and Sylvia have just
been watching UFC and my parents for the
past like half an hour after it like
that's like the best way to celebrate
getting your car wrapped but yo get
excited for this friggin rap the only
reason I've been holding off on show you
guys the car is because literally it's
not done in my head until it is exactly
how I want it to be done so I should be
done in a few days however if you guys
are actually interested in seeing the
initial state of the car and like the
before and after the progress and
everything smash the like one right now
and I'll get it done for you guys I
don't know I just wanted to show you
what are you doing
rehan were you doing well stop crying I
wanted to show you guys the final
product but I don't know I don't even
know I don't know but just know it spits
like it is loud I'm aged one problem
though with like getting a current
Ottawa is that it has to be all-wheel or
four-wheel drive because the snow sucks
and that already screwed up my car
choice from back in the day so that is
one thing I always have to take into
consideration so you doesn't have
four-wheel drive because if it doesn't
that's gonna slide around like this on
the road anyways me and Sylvia are
headed back to the house because we need
to film a video for her channel so let's
go back back at the crib guys and come
peep this guys I have a surprise for you
guys
apparently there's something left for me
here let me give you a hint it rhymes
with bling and as you guys can see
before in the vlogs I went to go get a
ring and it wasn't exactly how I wanted
it you looked at it Oh Sylvia's a snake
Sylvia was just look at it before I even
looked at it guys I haven't even seen it
yet but you know essentially what had
happened was sort of needs more be more
lights in this damn room we got to do it
in the bathroom okay there you go I
don't know my house I got my jeweler to
make me a custom ring because he's a yo
Wolfie do you want a custom ring I'm
like yeah I want to wear something that
always is gonna keep the wolf fam on
your boys body tats coming soon but for
now jewelry I was like yeah I wear a lot
of jewelry I like jewelry let's make it
gold cuz you know I always love the gold
so this hand has one finger two fingers
three fingers and they all have gold
rings the middle finger is missing I'm
very inspired by these artists and the
rappers these days I love Cuello sense
of fashion and a lot of these artists
have blinged out rings so I was like I'm
missing a finger I don't want to take
this hand out anymore because just the
one on the pinky is like enough and it's
like silver or white gold so I was like
yo I need I need something so at first
he made something oh I think Wolfie just
peed somewhere this is not good Prince
you giving me a guilty face to my dogs
what are you doing at first he had made
a ring that said Wolfie all around it or
like wolf all around it and I was like
that's dope
but I want to rep my logo all the time
you guys know my logo like it's on all
my merch if you down first if for some
strange reason you don't know what the
logo looks like you
Wolfie rats calm and copy yourself
submerge while you're there because it's
on all the merch it's a simple design
it's soaking dope in my opinion when I
see you guys wearing it it makes me so
damn happy so I was like I got to get
some jewelry so I think this is it in
this red box we're gonna bring this in
to the good lighting your dogs well if
you come on boxes with me
come on boxes and they will be yeah
let's go let's go let's go I'm excited
to see this because apparently it spins
too so yo this is the ring hold up let's
set this bad boy down alright guys it's
like a first-person unboxing so here we
go we got this wrong way wrong way we
can see what's going on here
damn oh my god holy shit
keep the ring guys holy Sh it says
Wolfie and it has the logo right there
it has the logo right there this is hard
y'all we need better lighting we need
better name god damn it that is filthy
and y'all peep this the middle spins
guys the middle actually spins so now we
have Wolfie the logo Wolfie the logo and
that ring is spic well let me try this
bad boy on does it fit as a question oh
my god it's literally the perfect fit
that dig is used god damn this finger is
decked out I literally feel like my hand
weighs like a hundred pounds guys look
at how huge this ring is in the middle
it stands out so much you shaky you
could hear because the spin but yo my my
ring has spinners you feel me
god damn okay that is enough ring to the
hand I don't know what to do so via Etsy
your approval let's see if Sophia
approves on the ring you thinking Wolfie
yes
he's falling we saw I guess he likes it
Silvia what are you doing in there
spinner alert it's like a fidget spinner
yeah who did spinner on a ring guys what
you know about that he knew me too well
so shout-out to Elias for that because
this guy knows we next up is one last
thing I obviously want a Wolfie chain so
that is on the way we're planning that
out
because I want that to be perfect but
for now this little ring finger is crazy
I got to blur out this because this is
like punky you guys off but like if I go
like this and the middle fingers in
front of me and I wave around like this
it mean it doesn't mean screw you it
means I love you because I'm giving you
the wolfy finger but now we are back at
home we're about to film a video for
Sylvia's channel for some reason I am
literally exhausted all day I didn't get
a good sleep last night so I'm chugging
back Red Bulls to be energized to the
video I'm gonna end the vlog off right
there guys if you enjoyed it obviously
you do you already know what it is make
sure the smash to like one let's hit
thirty five thousand likes on this vlog
boom here's the Instagram pic of the day
that I need you to like my most recent
pic it's heat go double tap back comment
fire emojis and I will be commenting
back and following some of you guys that
do that and I will see you guys soon are
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage in my main channel and as
always stay savage Lego
