good morning a yo weskit is your boy
wolfy today like I said yesterday we
have a really busy day me and so we are
gonna go look at potential houses my
parents are coming along for that app to
pick up video supplies
I gotta help Silvia film a video later I
might film a video too so the day is
gonna be just really packed last night I
honestly had like one of the worst
sleeps of my life like look at the bed
it looks like a fucking tornado hit it
because last night I left the window
open and I thought it was colder than it
actually was but me and Silvia woke up
at like 4:00 a.m. and we were both
completely drenched in sweat like I
guess outside was just extremely hot
like there was no wind at all so we
didn't turn the a/c on last night and
that was a mistake
so at 4 a.m. we ended up going to the
very corner of the basement where it was
like the coldest and passed out no
blanket nothing so last night's sleep
was pretty brutal but I just made my
coffee I think because my sleep wasn't
the best I'm still a little bit sick but
I got my meds gonna drink my coffee
today is the last day that I should be
like feeling shitty guys I got the
citric acid for the video one video
supplied down a few more to go I'm
almost done getting everything but now
we are about to check out some of the
houses apparently we look more serious
because I'm with my parents but in order
to look professional your boy Wolfie has
to put his hat forwards instead of
backwards so the guy doesn't think I'm a
goon so here we go so we just finished
up in the first place I didn't really
videotape any of it because I was
entranced with the fucking place it's a
really nice place it has a nice inside
there's a lot of space the only problem
I really have with it is that the
balcony feels like it's going to fall
down as soon as you go on it but
everything's new it's pretty dope but
now we are at the second place my dad is
checking out if we can actually go to
check out the second place we're looking
for people to talk to about the place to
read in book an appointment come telling
us to come but nobody's out the door so
alright this one's got a nice little
washroom in the front yeah do you know
what it is new new new pretty small but
closet in the front swag
what bubby we have a backyard
oh yeah that's definitely not space for
it oh yeah
nice space run around the grass
nice space for a little dog
yeah well like I don't need too much
space put a nice barbecue here or
something but balcony already looks way
better than together powerfully let's go
see it downstairs oh that's weird worse
this is all this is so down stairs are
just for every Silvia mm-hmm okay
and this yes okay this is so downstairs
not existent is there space in there for
storage
yeah how much things love it cools bang
it goes round okay stop
settle down yeah don't that's the
furnace mom leave it oh my god
this would be Sylvia's bed right here
but a majority the space is upstairs so
we're going upstairs
up the stairs are we got here the back
door is yours that has those stairs yeah
that's why does this so much smaller but
you can oh wow this is swag swag this is
sweg is oh there's plenty of space in
the kitchen that's for sure
nice kitchen over here fake pairs of
course dance-off though moving on to the
upstairs so oh wow
okay so I don't know where's that one
bedroom here okay so this could be a
swaggy bedroom two closets me Sylvia a
chair in the closet for some reason I'm
guessing this is the master bedroom
because there's a likkle bathroom here
swaggy the bathroom small small oven
that's not cool
yeah my god then we got a haul over here
I'm guessing this is okay the laundry
room simple and then one more so this
would be the office for sure
carpet is kind of cheating me but it is
what it is two more closets over there
and then the test of truth we'll see if
the balcony is good this one feels kind
of the same as the other one actually I
think it's made by the same people yeah
as soon as you step on it you're just
like hey yeah yeah no don't don't move
like that I'm scared of heights as it is
and this balcony is very very small now
I see why none of the neighbors have
much fun their balcony or in one of the
houses and I just figured out 29 million
subscribers so I'm about to change my
Twitter bio still not verified Twitter
kind of tease about that guys if you see
this video I want you guys to tweet I
have Twitter and tweet ad verified those
two accounts and tell them to verify me
please
I wanna get verified so bad so instead
of commenting on this video instead of
doing any of that crazy stuff just tweet
at Twitter and tweet ad verified say
verify can Wolfie that's all I want from
you guys for I'm trying to get verified
so here we go change my likkle miles to
1.9 million people like them save it
boom so we're at the next location right
now I don't even see one houses so these
are probably gonna be built by 2017 but
that's too late for me and Sophia so
probably not going to move in these ones
but there's a sign that says singles
towns and condos my mom was always
looking into like the long future the
far the far future - it just really in
the future that we're looking for now so
I mean good one to some cool building my
mom's like oh the person who designed is
some famous architect guess we'll see I
don't even think any buildings I've yet
for you candy don't mind if I do
cool lobby big big lobby space this
could be my house hey guys this could be
me and Sylvie right here but she playing
Oh
she laughed Chrissy right look if a
kiddo makes these houses are god damn
only one point you milk that's a fucking
light working my work
this place isn't open now but this is
about to be the most beautiful place not
off Loki look at these houses got their
own street
I mean fam these are beautiful oh my god
and this stop like what this is funny
though they don't want to put Starbucks
coffee but they got galaxy coffee this
is gonna be me and Silvia that's
something right there with galaxy coffee
I'm on my god there it's really good
that's our puppy guys look at this this
is like a whole mini building of what
the townhomes are going to look like so
that's me and sillier in there
of course how maybe that is grass and
everything oh my god but this one's kind
of look like your real life now I'm
picking up video supplies for the same
video I was looking for this morning I'm
looking for corn syrup but a special
type so I think it might be in the
health food aisle not 100% sure yet but
let us pray not looking good guys not
looking good I do not see it no diet
wolfy but they just gave up two
different types of Chocolate Chunk
cookies for samples and your boy wolfy
has gotta eat a samples Oh food coloring
yep we need that we want me on finally
home after a long morning we're taking
you with us any move awesome cycling
going on but cool is downstairs right
now everyone's talking about housing
upstairs who goes downstairs literally
begging to go outside
check this oh she's here look at this
she's me staring at me yes yes Cleo yes
yes yes what what do you want
what come here come here
you know she wants to go outside when
she listens yes come here all right
there you go okay now sit sit no no sit
yes okay fine you can go up as she's
begging me look at this
Jesus you want out what do you want Oh
if you run to that grass Clio you're
coming right back in here we go boom
all right you're coming in you're coming
in this is what happens
you ate the grass the other day and then
you were choking on it and you couldn't
swallow for like a day straight no no no
no Cleo if she's outside she ain't
eating the grass come here come here
she's back at the grass chase me I'm
bout to scare Sylvia Sylvia is around
the corner about to film inside let's
see this I didn't scare oh never mind
let's try that again
oh yeah
I got it you know what kind of operation
do we have over here knowing our cats
are my cats building a tunnel
why are my cats on this El Chapo looking
ass tunnel over here
Rio what do you have to say about this
clear why are you building a tunnel to
escape you're a snake you're a snake get
inside that's what I thought I caught
her I caught it red hand oh look at that
she's throwing up all right cats
throwing up because you ate grass this
is why you don't let your cats eat grass
just don't let them eat grass here we go
but just keep meeting like that one more
time Cleo back at Loblaws picking up
some supplies I had to get Silvia some
gum for a video Dustin and me are
looking for lime juice and cilantro
because my dad's making guacamole in
this bitch these are definitely not lime
green things I don't know where those
many limes are anymore
that's what I'm looking for any ight
what is this strange fruit that's
busting enough nobody knows
Dustin is the king of random I'm going
to hold this fruit up and if he knows
what it's called it might be called a
star fruit or a giant proof then I'll
give them a couple beans what is this
called
say coffee a what
I don't know I'll let you know no I said
just reading through
ow
maybe a mango steam
see what do you know that it is a dragon
fruit fruit - dragon I got it right we
found them we found them that way we
didn't have to spend beans on this one
bringing the supplies down she's filming
right Silvia I was like we're gonna hell
are you
supplies let's see I got you your
regular flavor that you love and then
the two ones that help you study all
right guys filming session is in check
about to give silly my vlog camera so
she can film sober video oh here we go
like how much do you want me to get in
the shot you can just get me ripping it
to do that again nothing in here don't
bring your hand up so high why are you
reaching this you're leaving to you your
hands like way out of the frame yeah I
don't weave like that okay all right
guys that's a wrap on a serious video
took a couple hours but we got it done
now to see what's going on upstairs I'm
about to watch some of the Olympics I
gotta have my blog so not the finals on
tonight really shit so the semifinals
and the finals for the men's 100-meter
sprint which is like what we always wait
for in the Olympics is on tonight Usain
Bolt's running so that means I'm gonna
have to edit my blog down here watch the
race and then edit the rest of it and
drop it tonight
it's date o'clock my dad just turned the
TV on the Usain Bolt is on and the
Canadian man is on the screen Tyson
Tyson deGrasse Tyson grass shit and he's
running right beside Bolton
he's fast he's fast as hell he thinks
this is his opportunity to beat sequel
yeah that is true that six Canada let's
get it then we got the Asian man he's
fast
why do you hate your mom just about it
the Asian guy get man how would you like
to know - more like the fastest to be
honest yeah I haven't seen many Asian
others
here we go semi-finals holes lane number
four the homes athlete Andrew pleasure
tried to catch a fire even though ball
soccer ball start means ok he's done
fall seven times
that is so unfortunate you work so our
print and then have a fall star that's
torture there off Usain Bolt's going
Tyson the grass is going here we go
pick it up pick it up look look there we
go there we go let's go both 94 he was
jogging
he looked half the race let's get any
size only thing fuck he's quick he's
quick it's been about an hour finals for
the 100-meter sprint is on right now
Usain Bolt is there so he is eating
chips during the race so I mean I
watching the Olympics patiently and the
chips fortunately it's and she'll be in
the chips quick off fine man my tummy
Shh
go go go go come on come on come on come
on come on come on push push push
oh yes let's go geez oh my god this guy
Usain Bolt won gold like give me the
money give me the money guys get it the
grass got bronze medal canadian out here
getting bronze medal let's get it you
already know your boy wolfy is back mean
so we're about to go get a vanilla cold
for the girl but i got my tongue in my
mouth and I'm not gonna let you guys
down because last time I spam I go my
garbage it was a complete flop but I'm
gonna break it up and don't worry I'm
not going to eat it after it goes to the
ground because a lot of you guys think
that's this guy I don't know fuck you
think it's disgust okay here we go if I
make this shot anybody watching the
video right now you better hit that
fucking thumbs up button here we go but
are you gonna vanquish are just straight
oh god I'm just gonna point it at the
garbage hold on I need another shot no
no no any other shot hey hey any other
shot one more shot even digging all the
way oh baby
rematch strong this is illuminati I was
gonna zoom in again
don't lazy together guys this is
Illuminati so cheese it's like when you
when you shoot the ball than anything
get stuck on the rim if I wiggle the
garbage and it goes in then I got it
counts as going in yes
hey guys so it's 2:00 in the morning I
just finished I'll put in my vlog in my
main video now I'm off to go somewhere
but I want to play a little bit of a
game with you guys I know there's a lot
of people that watch my vlogs every
single day so first of all shout-out to
you guys for sticking with me and
fucking with me for this long but
anyways the game I want to play it's
2:00 in the morning and my vlog is gonna
be wrapping up for the night soon so I'm
going somewhere right now to get
something if you guys watch my vlogs
regularly I want you to comment down
below what you think I'm gonna get I'll
give you 10 seconds to comment it it's
two words so that's your hint but yeah
I'm with Silvia and it is 2:00 in the
morning so usually I do something at
this time so if you're loyal wolf em
then you should know what I'm about to
get so I hope you're done commenting by
now if you don't know I'm getting a
fucking vanilla cone from McDonald's
McDonald's you should probably sponsor
me by now because my girlfriend's
obsessed with your fucking ice cream so
that we could dip them in chocolate so
send me an unlimited amount of vanilla
cones like pre frozen I want cozy no I
want the Machine you know give me the
Machine and unlimited ice cream mix and
a worker and a worker send it to me and
I'll shut you out McDonald's because
clearly I'm bigger than you so you could
use my help so ah yeah alright guys so
I'm just watching some YouTube videos
right now I burritos myself up in my
blanket
call me burrito wolfy but I'm gonna end
the vlog off here me until they are both
exhausted so that is it for today I hope
you guys enjoyed if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up even if you did
enjoy it make sure to give it a big
thumbs up instead of sixteen thousand I
think we can grow a step up from that
now so let's see if we can hit 17,000
likes to go down and smash that like
button right now and if you guys made it
this far in the video I want you to
comment something so I know you made it
this far and you're the true loyal wolf
AM you feel me comment down below
burrito
Wolfie comment burrito Wolfie because
I'm wrapped in a fucking blanket I love
ever you know and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage
