good morning ay yo what's good as your
boy wolfy check this out
it's all I gotta say look at how beat
the weather is outside it is disgusting
like a light rain that just motivates
you to do nothing all day basically I
just came upstairs from watching the
men's 100-meter sprint
I saw Usain Bolt kill it this man was
jogging like halfway through the race so
obviously he's gonna go to the finals I
want to see how well he runs in the
finals the track events is what I love
watching songs watching women's long
jump men's 100-meter sprint
I think the 100-meter relay is on
tonight so I'm about to watch that but
I'm feeling a little bit better I've had
like tissues in my nose all morning and
I kept taking my medicine but I got this
neo citroen right here this is hopefully
gonna carry me through the day I'm about
to make it and then sip on it while I
edit a bit as you guys saw yesterday
something came in the mail for me at
nighttime so I'm gonna film a video for
that I don't know if I'll be able to get
the duct tape video film today too but I
really want to get that one film cuz
that one's gonna be fuckin kind of
dangerous but fun at the same time so
that might have to be a tomorrow thing
because Sylvia's gonna be at work and I
won't have anyone to duct-tape me but
trust ye I got some bangers lined up for
y'all so I'm part way through editing my
mom snaked because me and my mom and
Sylvia are supposed to go to like check
out houses hello you went to the house
without me you know what crisis where
she has one for rent
that's a 2-bedroom like I was saying my
mom is obsessed with looking at
different houses and she went to go
check them out without even telling me
or Sylvia then just sent us pictures but
one of the options seems pretty nice so
I think me and so they're gonna check it
out tomorrow
yo there's a van there drove through a
fence did you see that yeah guys I'm
driving Sophie to the bus stop so she's
not late for work why do we always leave
and you guys just saw a van it's through
the fence like I don't know what's going
on these days hopefully everyone's good
but that's fucked
honestly it's weird cuz that fence like
is right around the corner from my house
and I've always wondered what would
happen if a car hit it straight on so no
really yeah this is just like a such a
thin fence and I'm like hey if I
sprinted into that thing like full speed
I could probably run it over but now a
van fucked it up so we're witnessing a
snake in her natural habitat cilia
running for the bus to get to work
Sylvia's snake she makes me drive her to
the bus stop every time it takes it like
an hour to have to put on makeup and I
tell her I'm like Sylvia you know it
takes like an hour to put on makeup like
you can plan for this and I know every
single girl does this like if you put on
makeup
you guys take forever so every time I
end up driving Sylvia to the bus stop so
she can make it to work on time but yeah
things you got to do as a boyfriend you
know all I gotta say is shout-out to
everyone who put me on their top seven
favorite youtubers list so many people
put me on their list I'm humbled right
now because there was huge names that
you put me with like fucking room and I
would and shit like that so god damn low
fam is on the come up but look at this
you know I said it was raining pretty
bad earlier look at how bad it's raining
now
you can't see it much on the camera
which is kind of annoying but listen to
how loud the rain is I was just editing
my video with my noise-canceling
headphones on and I heard like a rumble
so I took off my headphones because I
thought I was like a car crash or
something but it was the thunder the
Thunder made it through my
noise-canceling headphones hold on it's
really dark it made it through my
noise-canceling headphones and like
shook my ears and I keep seeing like
bolts of lightning too so it's insane
right now that's what it looks like
right now the rain is going insane it's
wild right now another day another
dollar got to go pick up Sylvia from the
bus stop shows you how much I have blog
today because I haven't blogged that
much your boys been editing all day it's
terrible outside and I'm not gonna make
Sylvia walk in this rain so I'll pick
her up because I'm a good boyfriend even
though I'm sick and stuff I hope she
picked up medication for me because she
said she was going to pick up something
probably forgot though so let's pray
that she got me some medication so I can
fall asleep at like a reasonable time
today I hope everybody watching this
vlog right now is having a blessed day
I hope or you are it's not as rainy and
as gross as it is where I am and I hope
if you guys are heading back to school
soon that you kill it with the grades
I'll give you some of my wolfy good luck
abracadabra oh you're getting a fucking
90 in every class so this is the bus
stop that Sylvia was supposed to be at
but then she just texted me right now
saying she's actually gonna be on the
other one so might take a shortcut go
behind this mall right here and then
we'll get Sylvia in a few minutes I'm
cheese she told me she was gonna be at
this bus stop
Sylvia ain't here I just pulled up and
she is not here smh man s MH tell me
where you I'm sick man come on your boy
wolf he's got a busy schedule you feel
me where's this girl I don't she just
sent me a text and the text says what oh
there she is
sneak Rainey hailey where's my
medication
let's go shoppers I forgot guys see what
I have to deal with I call my dad at
work earlier and asked about this
glycerin or glycerol stuff that I have
to buy for a future video coming up and
apparently it's like a topical treatment
like you put it on your on your skin or
something but apparently you could put
it up your bum too and you can digest it
so I think it's in this store in the
section for putting stuff on your skin
but I'm gonna need to eat it so
hopefully I don't die what do you think
any deodorant said great so you're
suppose well anyways we're getting my
medication here too because she owes me
tell me how not rubbing alcohol but this
is what I need glycerin for a leaf of
chapped skin apparently you're supposed
to be able to eat this too so I don't
know but that's what USB means I think
that's what my dad was saying I think
but why is it right beside the rubbing
alcohol and the hydrogen peroxide like I
don't want to put this in my body saying
there's a ribs for me don't mind if I do
I haven't eaten today
god damn I mean in all these filming
time okay so I gotta clean my room and
make sure everything is tidy before I
get to filming so because I need my room
tidy and stuff it's just an excuse for
Sylvia and my mom to help me clean my
room today yeah what happens when I
sleep in my bed tornado wolfy huh so
they called me back in it back back in
used to call me tornado will be informed
I know I was born in 2006 you're won in
2006 so yeah we're gonna clean my room
now and then get to filming you already
know what it is if Charlie thinks I'm
gonna clean his room firm you played
himself I'm not gonna do it
just kidding I made this bed but that's
all I'm gonna do she's not gonna clean
them okay fine I'll do it
so we're setting everything up in my
room right now everybody is here because
it's gonna take a bunch of us to film
the video if I want to get it done in
the time I want to get it done in it's
going to
much of us so let's bang this out hey
good
did you break something no and you
what's fucking good it's a boy Wolfie
Julia's fat all around good hey fucking
good it's your boy Wolfie alright so all
I gotta say is I just finished shooting
a video and as you guys can see I'm
sweaty as hell
I feel super lightheaded I just want so
much water right now literally I'm so
busy that Sylvia had to edit my vlog for
tonight so shout out to Sylvia I only
thought the video was gonna take like
one and a half hours because we had
three people taping me but with me
struggling and like everyone not being a
super robot it took about like three and
a half to four hours but we are done I
think it's gonna be a really good video
literally my arm is so sore like I don't
even want to hold up the vlog camera you
guys will see you I on the main video
drops but right now I'm just gonna
upload my vlog for tonight I still have
to hold up my arm drink a huge drink of
water maybe have like a snack and then
sit that's all I want to do sit
beginning blog vlog our vlog
all right guys we got a premiere of my
new video dropping here I gotta get
everyone's approval before I drop it so
it can be the best video that possibly
yeah 2 a.m. in the morning but we out
here we don't sleep in this bitch gonna
go get this vanilla cone in a bit me
until you have a busy ass day tomorrow
so the vlog is probably gonna be lit as
hell but for now some quick food because
we haven't eaten much today so you just
had a blessed late night snack I just
brushed my teeth
I had a blessed shower after I filmed my
video so I'm feeling clean an hour and a
half ago though your boy was not feeling
too clean literally that's the most
sweat I've been covered in in like the
longest time so and now I'm just
catching up on YouTube videos and tweets
I have a lot of videos that I didn't
watch today because I was busy being
sick and filming videos so usually I'll
just look at a bit of each video of like
the people are subscribed to just to get
a summary of what's going on on YouTube
I always like to be aware of what's
going on on YouTube so probably gonna do
that for like the next 30 minutes and
then go to bed but tomorrow is gonna be
a live blog because I'm doing a bunch of
stuff tomorrow
but I'm gonna end the vlog off there I
hope you guys enjoyed if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up like I
always say let's smash 16,000 thumbs up
because we've been killing it again
shout out to the wolf am on more Wolfie
we are now over 600,000 subscribers
strong so let's just keep pushing a mil
is definitely inside we can hit it
eventually road to 2 mil is real on the
main channel so shout out to all the
people subscribe to both channels and if
you guys made it this far in today's
vlog I want you guys to comment
something down below so that I know
you're the true wolf am the watches are
vlog until the very end so if you waited
this far I want you guys to comment down
below coca-cola comment down below
coca-cola I mean everybody knows what
fucking coca-cola so comment that down
below and I will see you guys soon on
more will be where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage that go hopefully I'm
not sick at all tomorrow
