hey yo what's good boy Wolfie welcome
back tomorrow feet it is 3 o'clock and
I'm just waking up like I woke up half
an hour ago I know if you guys can tell
but I am still sick Sylvia's sick we're
just a sick mess right now I'm like I
have the sweats we're even though it's
not too hot outside I'm still sweating
like a bad man so I'm trying not to move
too much but we don't really have
anything crazy planned for today I think
me and Sylvia might do some shopping
online you guys will see well for soon
and I also need to find someone to eat I
didn't eat the salad I bought yesterday
so I'm probably gonna have that I don't
even know if you'd call it breakfast or
an axes 3 but it's my breakfast book
fuck being sick is shitty man like I
woke up with like 11 fell back asleep
woke up at 9 felt like a sleep I just
don't feel as productive as I usually do
so I just chugged back my coffee
hopefully this can start to motivate me
super time to call my mom and see if
she's down to be in the video where she
reads the comments of what she looks
like I guarantee she's down
she won't even be home I don't know what
are you doing can you film today maybe
later okay but told you guys that's how
easy it is my mom acts like she doesn't
want to be in the Vince lies exposed you
just see there right now call her up she
says maybe I'm late
maybe and she's like okay 4:30 so bless
I'm talking with my mom today guys my
mood right now is like the weather it's
windy rainy disgusting look at that I
don't know if you can see it used to be
raining harder because in that drain
over there look how fast the water is
flowing off that house that's insane
when the weather match your mood though
oh shit my camera is getting wet I'm
feeling like it's just gonna be a watch
the Olympics type of day I woke the
cat's up this morning I won't Cleo up
this morning not the cats just leo and
now she's in their spot you guys need to
do something go outside get active but
Lionel sleeps 95% of the day so I'm
making him go outside come on outside we
go
that's some fresh air kukuku light up
okay he doesn't wanna go so as you guys
can see behind the scenes I'm not gonna
tell you what's gonna happen but I have
36 rolls of duct tape in there so far
I'm probably gonna go to the other
Walmart and get more because I'm not
trying to spend a billion dollars on
these rules but all the other ones that
I can buy are like big big rolls which I
don't need I just need like the typical
rolls
so this Walmart I just bought all the
duct tapes whoever goes to buy birthday
about-to-be is gonna be teased so let's
move on to the next moment I just spent
the most money I've ever spent at
Walmart let alone the most money I've
ever spent at Walmart on just one thing
duct tape look at this guy he's riding
in the carts right now like a car I'm
dying
can I go get food quickly and then off
to the next Walmart I'm trying to get
all hundred rolls before the days over
so we're at Home Depot now I found this
fucking goldmine as you can see this is
where I took the duct tape from boom
boom we got the rest of the hundred
rolls right here and we are ready to go
got my mom my sister doing it this is
going a lot quicker it's like a relay
race pass it from there hit there and
then fill up the bags
I'd never do anything myself okay I'm
home now it's like 6 o'clock I think
still haven't eaten some vote to eat
really quickly all the duct tape are not
even all the duct tape my mom still has
one more bag to bring out but basically
all the duct tape is here I'm thinking
about coming in tonight but it's gonna
suck because I'm sick and I'm gonna be
covered in duct tape
fuck so I might film it tomorrow but I
have to end it tomorrow I don't know -
dance story now so I'm currently
watching the Canada France soccer game
cam that just scored like 20 minutes ago
so Canada's up 100 which is crazy the
girls soccer team is killing it right
now and then I got the two girls over
here looking for housing your boy might
be moving out soon so we're looking for
some less housing in Ottawa as you can
see the bonding is real but France has a
free-kick what are they gonna say with
this I'm saying nothing this is vital at
75th minute oh here we go oh shit yo Oh
miss thank God hey this girl lines it up
has all the time in the world boom she
were four bottom left was a flop go
Canada even though we're not winning
mini medals you know get something going
in soccer over here
are you mad we're not giving you
attention buddy are you mad move your
head if you're mad buy those keys fuckin
touch me who's man this lion oh all
right
he doesn't care all right so I'm about
to read some hate comments with my mom
on this video because last time I read
them with my dad I told you guys to
comment so how many comments are on this
actually I want to check
okay so 34,000 comments to go through
basically I got my webcam recording us
there OBS there recording the screen my
mom and we're gonna see how this is
gonna go hey guys we just wrapped up
filming me and my mom um what are your
thoughts what are your thoughts on the
video let him know awesome whoever
thanks for all the comments you guys
we'll see you in the main channel video
comes out I think it's gonna be pretty
fucking funny I'm sick as fuck literally
you guys know how much I bounce her out
of my videos so just imagine me bouncing
around like that well I'm sick doing a
video your boy is like sweating him
sweating so I'm currently uploading my
video
right now my vlog but my mom just texted
me and said there was something upstairs
for me she said there was a package that
came in the mail earlier and I have
never had one of these so broken me good
Hayley why anyways I'm going upstairs go
check my room quickly for the Packers of
my mom said was for me all I gotta say
is it's exactly what I thought it was
and my dad got me this what is it
friggin package opener envelope opener
so now I have a little knife so what I
open the stuff in my peel box like the
fan mail I can open it clean instead of
using my ps4 cord so here we go let me
arrest my camera there okay okay okay
we'll test it out how do you use this I
don't know who that I use this oh holy
they're mine I figured it out this is
bliss okay so this is coming from Malik
I don't know where it's coming from
Wolfie you inspired me to make a youtube
channel and got me saying I'm cheese
that you played yourself
I've been subscribed since 600,000
subscribers I've been subscribed since
600,000 subscribers
hey Malik shoutout to you and you also
send me American money bad people
sending me money like you guys don't
need to send me this $1
I'm feeling riches fuck let's go so as
you can see this thing is very sharp but
it cuts a smooth line across the whole
back of the envelope so it works really
well but don't put this too close to
your fingers otherwise I guess I'm
holding it but this could freaking cut
you I hit the thumbs-up button and I'm
gonna put it on my tongue
you play it yourself imagine if I
actually put this on my tongue you would
fucking cut it so bad yes
now that's definitely a bad idea I'm not
gonna do that
guys big fucking news alright I was just
on YouTube patching up in my boys videos
and I am dying right now but anyways you
guys know how it's like an ongoing joke
vet ryan cannot drive right peep this
this man just got his g1 that is blessed
that means he is two steps away from
fucking driving but it's okay
you know one day this guy will have his
full G like me but he's not a G right
now just he's just a little baby driver
actually he's not even a driver he can't
drive he has to drive with someone at
the passenger seat so he's working on it
but shout-out to Ryan because this guy
finally got his damn I didn't know if
I'd call a license but doctor
no seriously shout to Ryan for getting
is g1 this guy is gonna be driving soon
but mister save you money and all I
don't think he'll ever get a cars you
know he got his license but this guy's
still gonna be taking the bus everywhere
so I don't even know why you got his
license but shut it too right so I was
just watching old throwback Wolfie
videos and this cracks me up look at
this look at how many likes I asked for
but you can get to like frigging tell me
how in when is this September 2015
September 2015 your boy was asking for
700 not even a thousand thumbs up yet
almost not even a full year almost a
full year yeah oh you're asking for a
honey cake credit getting like fuck to
order Kate fucking shit so that made me
want to go on a can either and see how
fast I can find myself so here we go I'm
setting my age to my real age which is
six plate your akinator how fast can you
get your boy wolfy let's see is your
character a girl hell no it's your
character famous youtuber sure
videogames in a relationship yes
children not English yes
Canadian yes tall huh yes
San Francisco nah nah it's your
character Savage
what the fuck already stopped this
akinator yes let's go I don't even need
ten questions fam akinator has already
got me on like six holy shit let's get
it alright guys so this is what it's
come down to I have literally died right
now so I would have to vlog off
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up let's see if we can smash
16,000 legs because we've been smashing
16 thousand likes on every video so far
and if you guys made it this far in
today's video I want you guys to comment
something down below so I know that
you're loyal wolf a man you made it this
far
Carbon down below get better Wolfie
that's all I want just comment get
better wolf because I need to get better
I feel like shit right now anyways again
thanks for watching and I will see you
guys soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage of our Channel
and as always stay sandwich
