good morning hey yo let's get a sheep
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
guys I don't know what happened last
night but you can tell by my voice or
maybe you can't tell me my voice but I
could tell by my voice I can't even talk
right now I'm getting sick last night
around like 3:00 in the morning I
started getting a stuffy nose and then
Sylvia started getting a stuffy nose as
well and then when I woke up this
morning like my nose was completely
clogged and you know that sick feeling
you always get like when your body just
feels weaker than it normally is like my
arms feel weak I'm a little dizzy I'm
stuffy it's just not a good time right
now but at least I got my custom wolfy
wraps hat in this bitch I look nice I'm
editing one of my DIY wolfy videos and I
got my Neil stitcher in here drinking
that I got a drink that when you're sick
and I also got my medicine I want to
fight this sickness hopefully this goes
away tomorrow because I hate how I feel
right now I think Lionel is sick too
because this guy's sleeping and Cleo's
outside enjoying the beautiful day
they were you good bro are you good come
here let's be sick together let's be
sick together Lionel we got to be sick
together bro just lay down
just lay down I don't know if Lionel's
sick or tired but if I think that he's
sick like me then I feel better cuz I'm
not the only one is there no stuff bro
is your no stuffed or not guys Silvia
picked me up some cold FX so I'm gonna
eat this later eat this later I'm gonna
muck this late this later I'm gonna take
this later I knows right now the right
hand side of my nose is completely
clogged it's been clogged all day but I
want to be sure to guys Sylvia in her
spot that I told you guys about in my
blog see how the pillows are up there
and there's a big desk for her to sit at
and edit right on my desk so you're back
in your research I need to get out of
the house right now so I told Sylvia
just to drive somewhere and we're just
going somewhere
so the vlog today is probably not gonna
be too interesting probably not gonna be
too energetic I'm gonna try and make it
energetic but I'm probably just gonna
start rambling on because I'm really not
doing too much today there's no time to
rest Leo you're grinding show me again
look how cute my hair is everybody took
me a long time to do I gotta get I gotta
get optimal long time with this look no
he's my word optimal word
yeah I drop that word all the time I do
so guys we're going leaving my house
right now and I'm letting Silvia Drive
because I literally don't even feel like
driving right now I'm pretty lay headed
so we're on our way to destination that
hasn't been named yet bring you guys
along for the journey think it's decided
that we're gonna go to Subway I think
I'm just gonna get a sub because there's
no food and I'm really not in the mood
to cook anything but the food at my
house right now is pasta but it has like
zucchini and stuffing and I'm a super
picky year so if something has something
that I don't like it it like I legit you
guys have seen my videos like I almost
vomit
so because the pasta sauce has zucchini
and some stuff in it
my legit can't eat it kind of like me
and raisins to like if a muffin or a
cookie has a raisin in it people can lie
to me like my grandma and my mom they
try and lie to me and my grandpa they
try to tell me that there's no raisins
but within the first two seconds of my
bite I can already tell if there's
raisins or not then I'll refuse to eat
the rest of it so
yeah I am six a matter of fact that
maybe five anyways we're going to subway
I'm gonna grab a sub not too bad but I
don't feel like going in subway because
I'm I'm too sick so I'm gonna call
Sylvia we're gonna do some walkie-talkie
action and she's gonna get my sub for me
and this guy has my car hey by the way
shout out to all the Ottawa viewers that
watch my shit I just met a guy outside
of Subway I was sitting in my car and he
saw the king wolf license plate so he
came up and said hi even though I'm sick
gotta show love
so now Sylvia is going into subway I
gotta call her and we're about to do
Mission Impossible as you can see we're
sitting in the parking lot I'm sick
where my sandals my sweatpants have
underwear on fuck are you in line you're
ordering okay what do you call me a man
get me a footlong steak and cheese on
whole wheat
guys I've gotten Subway's so many damn
times I can envision what is in Subway
like all the all the vegetables all the
meats and all that cheese's everything
like that I can see it all I don't even
need to be in the store and I'll get it
perfect order every single time but long
meatball usually I get meatball cause
it's cheaper but footlong steak and
cheese on whole wheat with cheddar
cheese toasted lettuce onions spinach
cucumbers I don't get tomatoes ranch and
barbecue sauce no pickles I don't get
pickles on myself anymore because one
time I went and that girl told me not to
get pickles like the employee because
she said they were too acidic
since then I've never gotten pickles on
the sub cuz the subjugating is Lata
whose mans is this cucumbers onions
spinach delivery is here did you make
sure that you have the stuff did you get
the stuff I got the keys fit ring
airplane here put it beside mine and I
got a screen protector for weight do you
remember which way years looks yeah
background guys look at this
relationship goals three two one oh God
who is the man is this tonight I want to
know do you trust me yes I know no I
said let me put my fingerprint in their
phone um how come you haven't let me do
that for your phone because my phone is
important stuff my phone hasn't stopped
here you go first give me your phone
object well I will let me point thumb
first look at that balance of Lionel up
here that's all I gotta say
perched on his little ledge hunting
there Sylvia goes walking into pizza
pizza to get her garlic bread Sylvia is
legit obsessed with pizza pizza garlic
bread like she doesn't even eat the
pizza there which is kind of weird so
every time it's like my cheat man shit
and we get a pizza literally like this
girl will have one slice of the pizza
and then she'll eat the whole garlic
bread so I get none I don't think I'll
ever get the way Sylvia eats it's still
weird her meals are like things were
supposed to snack on
and then she'll snack on things that are
supposed to be full meals so right now
she's about to grab our garlic bread
she's amped to eat this she's been
talking about it for the past like two
hours and then we're gonna go to the gym
quickly because my brother is filming
another video even though I'm sick as
hell and it is late as fuck I just want
to go see what they're doing it so I'm
in the gym they're filming right now I
got my giant elastic band on me so what
they're doing something over there
I don't know they're together up to
something world me and Sylvia are just
chillin in our
private bedroom got a pillow right here
you can see we got everything we need so
he is actually about to give me a
massage
I'm on my massage here okay one massage
down here please okay guys about to
attempt a muscle up on the Rings because
last time bar was too hard the Rings are
a little easier so here we go
hit the like button and I'll be able to
do it
all right I got you guys
music end of the rock'n'roll star - Cleo
- laughs listen
and of course curls for the girls what
girls it's just me
they're too big first of all I'll show
you see these these are for bitches
bitches bitches fuck these they're back
I told you I'm gonna try the hundreds
Charles you're gonna hurt yourself
you can't do it don't do it haven't done
this in a while guys
so they're halfway done filming the
video they're doing some crazy shit over
there with some dental floss and Sylvia
is four subscribers away from hitting
300k look at that number right there two
nine nine nine nine six she's about to
hit 300k okay okay fuck you oh nice what
you fuckin plea does not guess bj go go
go alright oh my god you can tell you're
new to the iPhone 6 never seen someone
struggle so hard to take a screen shot
I'll be your first retweet so we're just
about to leave the gym right now Sylvia
hit 300k but I have mad people tweeting
at me I'm about to hit one point eight
mil already on my main channel so
probably by the time I get home I will
have hit it so I don't even know what to
say thank you for all the support again
I've said it a billion times in the last
fucking two weeks like crazy so this is
where my fucking cups have gone from my
prank a bomb you're stealing my cups and
bringing them to the gym
bless you played yourself that's another
prank for you get ready why are you
going around the side okay I'm coming in
a sec so apparently they're going around
the side of the building right now to
break this dental floss that's what oh I
dropped my keys that's the whole point
of the video to break this dental floss
it's thick as fuck and it has been
causing a pain this whole video so this
is about to be some wild shit
that tree yeah yeah by the way guys I'm
outside right now and I just hit 1.8
million subscribers so shout out to all
the people who stayed up late shout out
to all the people who tweeted at me DM
to me telling me I was close to 1.8
million this has been a wild past two
weeks
literally I'm at a loss for words I
thank you guys too much but shout out to
everyone who's just stuck with me this
is fucked guys this is fucked now to
watch some guys do some crazy shit I'm
not gonna show you guys the final
product but all I gotta say is right now
there's a car attached to a rope
attached to a tree that's gonna pull it
holy fuck I guys live reaction from
wolfy
I might as well become a fucking
reaction channel because your boy is
reacting to mad videos right now I don't
want to show you guys what happens
because that's for my brother to show
you but what I can show you is my
reaction this is fuckin dangerous oh my
god holy shit this isn't yes Sylvia
cover your eyes I'm ready to hear a big
snap oh shit oh shit oh shit here we go
Wow where did it go oh shit what that's
fucked okay so we just got home from the
gym it was absolutely insane but I am
sick as hell and I'm not acting like I'm
sick as hell I need to be sleeping right
now so I'm gonna end the vlog off there
I hope you guys enjoyed if you did make
sure to give it a huge thumbs up let's
smash 16,000 likes on this video so go
down and hit that like button right now
and if you are a true wolf Am that made
it to the end of this vlog first of all
I fuck with you you're the best and
second of all I need you guys to comment
something down below just so that I know
you guys made it this far so I want
everyone to comment down below One
Direction is life I want you guys to
comment down below One Direction is life
because I got one direction stickers in
my peel box the other day and you know
and they're kind of lit and then it made
me forget how lit One Direction actually
was so calming that down below and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
in my main channel and as always
