good morning a yo wizkid achiever wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy I just woke
up I'm in a good mood
Silvia just went off to work but I woke
up to a pleasant surprise
hitting 1.7 million channels alright
what the fuck y'all need to slow the
fuck down
but low-key don't slow the fuck down
just keep subscribing but still I just
vlog like a day go of me changing my
fucking Twitter bio to 1.6 million and
now I gotta change it again my thumbs
dying fam my thumb is dying 1.6 can yay
1.7 looking ass space oh no not that
question mark back space and save oh
thank you to all the people that
reminded me about selling mediums and
tweeting at me I try to be activist fuck
on Twitter but you guys are literally
watching my subscriber count more than I
watch it these days literally if I watch
it I just get overwhelmed so I try not
to watch it as much as possible but
today I think I'm filming breaking World
Records part 2 with David David is back
in town I didn't get to see him the
other day so I think I'm gonna pick him
up now or he'll just come here we are
probably gonna go get some food quickly
because we always get food early chill
and I'm creating a salad diet day of
dire wolf you already know what it is
and then we might go check the peel box
quickly I'm not quite sure I kind of
want to go to the mall today but I guess
we'll see where the day takes us I'm
trying to watch some Olympics and try to
do a bunch of shit so let's get into it
so David can't film quite yet because he
has to do a bunch of stuff first which
means I have some time to go to the PIO
box quickly I'm also gonna grab my video
supplies and I'm gonna grab what else is
gonna grab the salad I'm gonna grab the
salad so that when David is ready I will
already have all my video supplies and I
will be good to go apparently David
wants to film his hot sauce challenge
today and I'm not looking forward to
that I've been putting that shit off you
guys know I absolutely hate hate things
that are too spicy like you know I love
my sriracha and stuff like that like I
can deal with a bit of spice it adds
flavor obviously but really really hot
stuff definitely not one of my favorite
things so I'm not looking forward to
that but David always torches himself in
my videos so you know I owe it to him to
fucking torture myself in his video
the worst possible thing just happened
to me right now I was playing a song and
I had my phone on my lap for some reason
for some reason I always put my phone in
my lap like my phone cannot be more than
like a hands length away from me I'm
addicted to my phone I understand that
but listen I had it in my lap because my
pants are so slippery it slid off now
it's in the crack between the seat in
the middle of the car and I'm playing
music on the aux cord right now and I
cannot change this song so now I have to
deal with whatever song comes on which
isn't too bad it's out of battle in your
radio music which fuck radio music I
like listening my own shit thank God I
just cleaned up my iPhone and only put
like pretty much bangers on it because I
used to be one of those people that just
had a billion songs on my iPhone and
every time the song switched it was like
a gamble if the song was good or not but
now I only got fired so watch I don't
even know what song is playing right now
but you turn it up it's gonna be a hit
hey got a fans holding fire I'm kind of
cheese you guys didn't send me anything
in the peel bahahahahahaha
you guys are fuck fuck holy shit
literally I was at the peel box one week
ago so that is the amount of mail that
is came in one week what the hell you
guys are sending me so many damn letters
and I even got a few boxes - I always
get super excited when I see the boxes
because I love unboxing shit and I love
getting stuff that I can't get in Canada
so when you guys send me stuff from like
wherever you're from and it's something
that I can't get in Canada I get so lamp
because usually if it's like a candy or
a treat or something like that we don't
have it here
so it's blessed and to try things from
other places and also when you guys send
me video games like that UFC game I've
been playing non-stop it's so late I'm
not saying spend all your money on me
cuz I don't want you guys to spend money
on me but when I get something I can
actually use in one of my vlogs it's so
blessed so don't be afraid to send me
anything send me anything my Peele box
in the description of all my videos I
try and open a lot of things on camera
but I can only open so many things in
each vlog so I might have to just drop
like an individual fan mail opening
video or maybe a few of them cuz right
now I'm Way behind an opening fan mail I
have a bunch of stuff from like a month
ago that I still haven't opened and I
want to get it all open so I can be
up-to-date on opening everyone's stuff
so I can open it as soon as it comes or
shortly after it comes and by the way
guys quick thing about the peel box
because I share a peel box with Sean and
jad if
want to send stuff to just me and not
team elbow all you got to do is write
wolfy on the letter King wolfy whatever
or write it on the package that you send
so I know it's for me cuz now that we're
getting a lot of family oh we don't know
who it's supposed to go to so just make
sure if you guys are standing stuff to
me just put my name on the package so I
know it's for me when I pick it up so
right now I got eggs coke oranges grapes
you guys would think I'm doing grocery
shopping right now I'm really just
picking up video supplies so you guys
are going to see which records I'm about
to break this is what it looks like when
a youtuber is picking up his video
supplies like I'm just scurrying
thrilled these aisles but I got all
these I got obviously the ripoff brand
coke and the cheap eggs because I'm not
trying to fall out too much now I'm in
the back-to-school section because I'm
nervous about going to grade 3 but look
at these pencils basically if these are
cheaper $1.00 em I'm gonna get them from
Dollar Emma you already know I'm trying
to save my money but it's so convenient
to get them at home hearted so okay so
we got ten for a dollar twenty five or
twenty four for two bucks k we're gonna
do these ones all I got to say is it is
too damn hot to be wearing pants and a
fucking sweater look at me I'm sweating
I don't know why I would leave the house
today thing he was a good idea to wear
this like I just haven't wore pants in a
while I've been wearing my little little
shorts that I always wrote in the summer
and fuck I was like not today is gonna
be a pants day apparently not but don't
worry I got all my stuff at Walmart
turns out it didn't have to go two
dollar Emma I found some cheap shit
there so hopefully on my house and I
have two fans that showed up these are
the real MVP s they know every single
one of my videos so shout out to them
and you guys if you don't know as many
videos as they do you played yourself
you're not a true wolf am so that's what
these guys yeah do a back flip for the
vid do back for the win here we go Jesus
yeah Cleo what are you doing
what are you doing Cleo so yeah I'm
about to film with David he should be
here any minute but I just met two the
dopest fans ever literally as I was
pulling into my house and dropping off
the supplies they were walking down the
street so I had to show some love to the
loyal wolf fam they knew literally every
single one of my videos and they had so
many questions for me it was actually
don't I love to meet people that
actually know more than one of my videos
the true loyal wolf fam you guys are the
best
look at how much of a mess my room is in
right now because
we are about to film a video I had to
move my giveaway stuff over there
fan mail over there my room is
disgusting and I'm very nervous for this
video but I'll let you guys know how it
goes
okay guys so we just finished filming
the video for David channel you guys
will see it when it drops but your boy
is always getting tortured I'm cheese
leather seeing this it's probably true
yeah when you guys see this vlog it'll
be up on david parity youtube.com slash
david parity you guys know where to find
him make sure to tell him that the wolf
fam is supporting him and if you guys go
to his video make sure to give it a big
thumbs up you get a little incentive to
go watch it if you want to see Charlie
with mad buggers ever yeah I'm not not
proud of this video guys I've had better
moments for sure go check it out by the
time this vlog is up it's gonna be out
so I hope you guys enjoy that now we're
going to Dollarama to buy a few things
because there was pencils that I brought
for my video which I don't think I'm
gonna be able to break the world record
with because they're just two DS somehow
so I need the shitty ones so I'm going
to dollar able to get the shitty ones
and then something to organize all the
letters I'm getting the PIO box because
it's a lot
gesturing hand : what is that
yeah right
this guy's got a Coke in his pocket the
streak is done honest Encino right a
Coke in the laundry basket ball with the
photo random it's so really good to do
that there's always this to be weird
okay guys so we're partway through my
video and this is what my table looks
like my room is a mess
I'm literally a sweaty monster my hand
is cut open I fuck the things I do for
YouTube man the things I do okay guys so
I am off to the mall I'm doing something
special basically Sylvia's phone has
been broken for the past however long
like she drops it a billion times
basically she has like an iPhone 5s and
the screen is completely cracked she's
been complaining about it forever
so a nice guy Wolfie here I'm gonna
surprise her by buying her a new iPhone
but before I go to the mall to do that I
have some peel box stuff I need to drop
off at the boys house so we're gonna
swing by there and then go to the mall
and hopefully we have time it's 8
o'clock right now the mall closes at
nine o'clock so we're in a bit of a rush
but I think we'll get it done so I just
went to the Apple store copped a phone
quicker than I've ever caught before I
already know what I wanted it was easy
easy peasy now we are going to normal
so Twitter just snapped and I couldn't
see any of my followers or following
base achill II everyone was freaking out
on Twitter I know you can't see it's
probably not focused but Twitter just
went down for like 20 minutes and the
world froze but now it's back and I'm
happy now I'm waiting for David to buy
his shoes but look at how many options
there is BAM too many options I got my
socks and sandals I'm here what just for
the vlog so you won't sit on my lap for
the blog has log I got you something
what why
a puppy yeah close to a puppy why is it
behind a blanket go look find a blanket
go look behind blankets I just try the
blanket if it was a puppy you couldn't
hide behind a blanket
there's nothing over there to the left
of the blanket he's over here the left
of the blanket it's unlocked you did it
so you just need your blood ready to
plug your thing into it
Carrie Jim I think she's happy I love
you thank you so much holy shit you just
bought it oh right I can use it with my
sim card
yeah just put your sim card because it's
unlocked hey she's happy best boyfriend
ever hold it up you guys want to see my
phone it's yeah show them your phone
your phone looks like I tried reading
out your number to call you on the work
phone and I couldn't read it cuz the
Crocs in the phone were too big I got
tired of looking at your broken ass
phone so I had to get you a pimped out
one now you have the same phone as me
rose-gold I don't need the rules Gold
case the beat one I know like it so
crack that background though guys who
still has i phone 5 no I told you guys
to comment before what do you have i
phone 5 in the comments below
mad people like i have an iphone 5 now
you're not why would I hit you I have
iPhone 6s now you don't need the team
iPhone 5 so for the past little while I
have finished I've been editing my vlog
at David's house I'm dropping it just
now so now me and David can relax play
some FIFA I haven't spanked this kid in
a while so yeah come back from Cuba you
think you're Cuban soccer player a blast
so I'm gonna spank David and then just
live like really
yeah David got these new hue lights from
the Apple Store today we went there
because I bought so via the phone and
David's like I'm gonna get these later
so get look at the room right now it's
gonna be Savannah sunset okay go
make it the dim lights dim just just
right is it for bed right just for
regular damn yeah yeah and now you want
to wake up in the morning you want to
you want to wake up and concentrate or
you want to wake up you feel energized
energized here you go oh the lights are
wild so now hit me with that I've
listened topical Twilight my girlfriend
broke up with me I need some light tube
after that that's really specific wait
so I gotta go into detail with that hold
on oh I feel better no doors definitely
not a hard read definitely not a hard
read yeah girlfriend just both of us
here you know this makes me wanna kill
myself gonna kill good so I just got
back from David's I spanked this guy in
FIFA actually he spanked me but it's all
good
I haven't played it in a while now I'm
back up in this bitch Sylvia's setting
up her new phone right there
a little one now she's gonna have the
same phone as me but upgrade from this
thing that's cracked everywhere yeah
this beautiful sleek thing welcome to
the 6 club hey Siri how's the weather
today what alright guys home looked with
a bed but before I go to bed I thought I
would open this one fan mail so I got a
box right here I have no clue what it is
but we're gonna see what it is before I
go to bed we're gonna use the ps4 cord
and drop that to break
to rip it open hold on so this one is
coming from Joey from Connecticut yo so
we got so we got a letter
Oh fuckin a dope New York Yankees hat
BAM I'm about to wear this you already
know I'm about to rock this hat and oh
that's wolfy wraps on the side it says
wolfy raps oh this is a wavy guys look
at this fuckin baseball cap and there's
something else in here it is a coin of
some sort but look how shiny it is that
is dope it's like reflecting at the
camera so thank you for this and you
already know I'm going to wear my wolf
your ass hat a lot now good you needed a
new one you always wear the same one
shit nice slacks I'm a big fan from
Connecticut and I've been subscribed
back when you hit 800k I love the Bangor
videos and I fuck with your channel
the wolf fan was growing and rode to 1
million is so close Fergie - Mel
keep up the great work and always stay
savage of course they bless let me try
on my hat actually after what this hat
because a because I was my fucking name
on it and be like everyone needs at
least one New York Yankees hat and I
want I want
so is it wavy it's wavy it's nice yeah
you look hot let me see this is nice and
we're backwards got my name on it
customized hats let's get it Thank You
Joey I fucking appreciate this this this
is dope when you guys send me shit I can
actually wear and stuff like that Oh
game over so thank you again anyways
that is it for today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did make sure to go
down and hit that like button we've been
hitting 16,000 on all the blogs so far
so go down smash that like button if you
guys made it this far in today's vlog I
want you guys to comment down below New
York Yankees pretty simple because I
just wore a fucking New York anytime
anyways comment down below so I know who
my true will fam are anyways again I
hope you guys enjoy the vlog and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage in my
main channel and as always stay
