good morning a let's get your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy we are here
in the editing zone I just finished up
editing a video Sylvia is now gonna
watch it just to make sure that
everything is good before I post it
tonight and then I'm gonna eat this
steak surprised us was brought up to me
breakfast in bed looking ass actually no
bro not breakfast in bed breakfast
lunch in bed afternoon brunch in bed and
stuff like anyways it's like five
o'clock all I had was my salad from last
hand I got Wendy's I'm trying to eat
this as soon as I'm done watching this
video again but before you post a banger
you always got to watch it through once
or twice just to make sure everything
flows well then you got to make a nice
thumbnail and you got a drop it nothing
goes up without my approval nothing goes
up without Saudis approval I run this
shit no guys if you can't see I'm
actually on the TV right now I'm doing
my gymnast routine I don't watch out let
me show you I'll show you how it's done
beat this what a gymnast thing you got
like one inch off the ground yeah what
was that
that's okay guys so I was searching up
Wolfie raps on YouTube to see if you
guys dropped any more banger videos
about me and I came across a bunch of
videos that are called how to be well if
you're absently a lot of people know how
to be me these days so I'm gonna show
you my live reaction of them I didn't
click on any of them yet so I guess
we're just gonna watch them together are
you ready yeah do you know what I'm like
mmm-hmm what am I like can you not do
this angle what am I like and describe
me let me do it imitating okay imitate
me hey you know what's good as your boy
will be raps and today well whatever
I never say it's your boy Wolfie hey yo
what's good it's your boy Wolfie
mental to that it's tough for me okay so
here we got the first one by more breezy
what do we got here I know what's
fucking good breezy hey fucking whooping
have to be almost very fucking own the
king can sell its kidding what you rat I
was a - show you cooking ready nice jeez
universe laughing all right look like
him you have the key dad gets away and
pay attention young king I am a king
I'm definitely so many people no listen
for his book up here mine whoa Oh
anything guys no no I'm a fucking
Biggie's know it's like having size
amount of hammering hammering you're
gonna want to fuckin grab an expo more
stop Scott looking never stop now if
you're gonna fall oh my god John you're
roasting my spouse who has soared above
the knees and ready to go
yo fuckin snapbacks
sure it's above the D's look at us
lookee lookee fucking doing the wrong
thing is that an accurate way of how to
view all of your apps pretty accurate
out of 10 what do you give that one hmm
okay I'll give that like a 7.5 because
my hairline is not that fucked up so I'm
kind of cheese next video next one we
got gum through the green gum to the
great stop oh it's good at your job and
today I will show you how to be my
cousin Wolfie raps heel it's actually
really hard to be my cousin but I'm
going to show you guys the exact way to
do it and the first thing you got to do
is what I'm not saying this but to get
the right this guy has the exact same
shirt as me
where's his hat like me this one's
pretty good so far let's continue and
the intro yeah you got the intro dead on
bro
we actually I want you guys to get 1
million likes on this video I'm gonna
buys the table
about that's the exact text I use to the
tea the exact text you did your research
ugh geez you guys are a bunch of savages
in this all the towels you guys asked
for sure I may get you guys this
challenge go on honey no check this is
on oh no no oh no oh no you because will
he's a savage point today we're doing
the challenge you guys asked for the
green value strawberry taste and they
say well these are whole forks forks
right my friends try this test doggie
sings knows everything okay so you kind
of have the Canadians land yo-yos movies
you gonna think your cries mazes in
there me bro shudder to Gunther the
great show this man some love on his
channel this this is a fucking good
video this is exactly what I do so
straight che I can't even hate like this
is amazing he's gonna throw up I
guarantee it stop means nothing to cover
- just a bit humble venue and ooh this
is a wrap that's a wrap
Oh Bravo shout-out to you okay the next
one we got is from vids with Jam here we
go raps hi guys so if you don't know
Luffy Raptors use a picture of it right
here oh no I got another picture that is
Wolfie laughs yeah okay he's about to
show it I look like this is what happy
then I can't conceive over my whole face
but that's a baby
like whoopee so it's ready boys
this guy's gonna keep my nose on him the
whole video stop Oh easy spot in this
whole step to basically the third step
is just to be a savage just like king
savage you got that right oh yeah all
right guys you already know Nigeria vs.
Lithuania basketball on right now 60s
swish off
6350 for the third just ended this game
is fired this is my mood right now just
laying on the ground nice day it's night
time it's about to be really dark
outside but not a care in the world
getting his belly scratched stretching
out my toe come inside good look peanut
butter cookies healthy I actually helped
the regular ones you make their healthy
healthier healthier how healthy really
really healthy how healthy I want to
diet so healthy people I'm gonna go
gluten-free you guys look at these
cookies I'll tell you the verdict you're
good peanut butter cookies so you
already know your boy Omar's outside
waiting for me I haven't seen this guy
in like weeks but we have some catching
up to do so I'm going outside right now
I gotta grab my wallet and everything
then we're just gonna go on a ride and
we'll see where it takes us guys so I'm
in the Jeep ass in a Jeep off with Omar
you guys haven't seen him in time and
he's about to show me some fire the
reason I haven't seen him in so long as
we both been working on our separate
shit he's working on music and stuff
like that I'm a YouTube God right now
alive oh but he has some projects that
he's gonna show him his truck got taking
the track that is about to play I guess
so now we're leaving Dairy Queen right
now
how about the blizzard see you looking
at it
no I'm looking at you so what you wanna
do
tell me what you need day tell me what
your neighbor what should you tell me
what you watching you haven't notified
girl country they packing in is no like
don't you and then back to the point at
the west big stomach they wanna kiss me
on the force blowing on Stan SuperSpeed
bears coming home a risky i'ma do much a
little missed me having a little anger
what should I didn't I come now
oh yeah hey guys taking this verse right
now here we go
my wife estoy when she touched me in the
morning good tell her I regretted an
outfit ever aboard it is an honor we got
together like in Arizona on it how much
normative cuz I know what they want
i'ma for my stuff and then ordered up
all my bras we'll just walk down only
buck keep this all where my back for the
show and I got this feeling
whenever I free myself when I'm here
that is freaking keep the feel the risk
is my answer so I went but I never ever
said like the truth if they rocket
better like what you saying to me I
never met a bitch renovate into me
broker bet you're being so straight up
hating on me the face you make up to be
smash is my favorite to see but some of
you think about that in the comments
it's pretty fucking fire that verse
flames flames that's 100% original
original shit you guys aren't gonna hear
it anywhere else so woman down below you
think no over here
fuck your video comment down below if
you think it's been a minute and if you
like that track still hit the thumbs up
button just because I told you hit the
thumbs up button but yeah now we're
going back to my crib so that was good
catching up with Omar considering I
haven't really socialized with anybody
but t-mobile and Silvia for the longest
time because of how hard I've been
grinding I haven't really had time to
like chill with anybody so seeing Omar
was blessed he showed me some dope stuff
he's working on glad to see that the
crew is all grinding but look at this
this is my editing station right okay
like I have my headset there I like
editing without a headset but sometimes
I use the headset just like when Sylvia
is everything in the room but I got my
double monitor I'll turn this light on
I'll get me in like the editing mood but
for some reason Sylvia insists even
though there's like a desk bear she
doesn't like working on the desk too
much she will literally set up a wall
full of pillows basically all along my
wall up to her neck and she'll edit on
my bed see my cameras there her phones
everything I literally think she just
got up to go downstairs and get food but
I don't understand how you can edit
sitting on a bed I need to be on a desk
nobody's downstairs but the TV is on
with my favorite Channel the Olympics
are on and your boys done editing for
the day so I'm going to watch some
highlights if there's still any sports
on I'm going to watch them all totally
it works in the morning but it's only 12
43 hey Ryan Seacrest what's he saying
roadies
blasts but yeah like I was saying Silvia
works in the morning so she has to go to
bed a little bit earlier but I can stay
up watch the Olympics eat some of these
healthy peanut butter cookies that don't
get hard I guess those are healthy for
you and diet will be still alive I
haven't done my workout for the day so
I'm gonna watch the Olympics while
working out you know motivate myself to
get in shape to potentially compete in
the Olympics when I turn 12 years old
that's the goal
this is gonna be me yep yeah boom Jesus
she is Jack almost ejectives me so me
and Sylvia are watching some Olympic
diving right now as you can see China
just killed it but this is the diving
where they jump off the the really high
diving not the diving board but the
platform and basically Sylvia won't stop
talking oh I just hiccup about how the
divers are getting their heads really
close when they jump off so now she's
making me look up if any divers have
smashed their head or jumping off that
board not that not the board the
platform okay guys so here is the video
I found the first video but I don't
think the person is gonna fail by
hitting their head but here we go I
can't watch
Oh oh shit
did you Merc yourself look at it yeah
friends love looking at your legs now
that that wasn't the fail that you're
talking about no I know Phil where
people smash ahead like when they flip
well there's there was a residue where
the Grizz someone I didn't find me it
although this is the Filipino divers
where is this is the Olympics there's
memes off about this right now because
they're like the Filipino diving team
like got a free vacation for a week
because if they qualified and these are
the best divers and look at these flops
Hey oh god no what are you saying oh
this is a real thing this face some I
don't know if this is the Olympics or si
se a game s EA games whatever that
Singapore games and then here's the
second man so the first guy goes the
second man's like nah I got you I got
you bro he flops to ye oh it's even
worse the first message is look at this
face
no look at him go is he going he goes
let me just go the tongue they're like
yeah yeah fuck this back dis is back
it's so red
he's so perfectly but he just like
fucking cool in the diary no they're
probably chilling at the Olympics right
now these Olympics and I'm just like yo
this is a blessed vacation you just got
to go flop on our back that's it yeah
why is it that lately I've been so busy
that every single workout I do is at
2:30 in the morning
and I'm sitting by myself by standing by
myself doing push-ups on myself whatever
in the living room and everyone else is
fast asleep upstairs so we just went to
bed like an hour ago literally you know
mode late because there's baseball
highlights on TV right now
the Olympics are done for the night so
it's just showing replays and stuff like
that and I'm sitting here doing push-ups
and stuff like that I'm actually really
sexy right now it's so cold
okay low-key I'm lonely as fuck I'm
going to shake the cat food so that Cleo
or Lionel runs down here so I can have a
workout buddy
Leo Lionel oh I heard tired footsteps
Cleo I know hey what's up buddy I know
we see you buddy come here I'll shake it
again I'll shake it again bro I'm lonely
down here
well Lionel look at this guy I literally
saw this cat yawn as he came down the
stairs you know you're a snake too Cleo
look at this how - wait cat's off at
2:30 in the morning shake their food
look at that lighting dome makes me look
so much more diese to actually have that
late night grind oh let's go okay guys
so I'm done working out and I'm back in
my room right now I'm speaking so quiet
Casilla is asleep right there in the bed
behind me or in front of me I'm an idiot
we have a sleeping Sylvia right there so
I'm gonna go sleep now there because she
can't fully fall asleep without cuddling
King Wolfie you feel me so I'm gonna end
the vlog off there I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did make sure to give
it a big thumbs up we've been smashing
over 16,000 on all the vlogs so far so
go down right now and hit that like
button and if you guys made it this far
in today's vlog you guys are the fucking
true of them I appreciate you guys so
much I love you guys I want you guys to
comment something below so that I know
you made it this far
comment down below Wolfie and Silvia our
relationship goals that's it Wolfie and
Silvia our relationship goals because I
know Silvia reads all my comments and
she's gonna wake up probably read the
comments to get a smile on her face and
I mean look we're fucking relationship
goals like nigga it's 3:00 in the
morning I'm out here I'm going to go
cuddle Silvia just didn't get much
better than this anyways I forgot to end
the vlog off yesterday so I'm adding it
off right now but I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage yeah
go
