good morning AOS Kedah super wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy Silvia just
nicked me because we were mid filming
one of my videos I don't she just ran
upstairs because she had to make a
change of her video so now I'm stranded
down here
DIY wolf he's trying to make a video
like I'm halfway down the video and I
can't finish it until she comes back
down because my mom can't film the video
properly
I got Mentos in my mouth update on the
bedbug bites as you can see I think the
redness is going down a bit I don't know
they still look kind of bruise II bruise
ish bruise it look like bruises you know
Nick what are you saying today Bridge is
worried bro Joe what are you saying I'm
mad you look old
we're same Joe so today the game plan is
finished dropping my video I think after
Sylvia's not editing she has to film
video I might need to help her out with
that
I know jad potentially needs me and
Sylvia in a video I don't know he texted
me something so if we have time I'm
going over to the boy's house to help
with that quickly quickly I want to know
in the comments below because I'm using
starbursts for my next video
me and Sylvia we're talking about which
colors our favorite candies were like
growing up as a kid and always as a kid
I know a lot of people fucked with red
like red anything red lollipops red
freezies red stuff like that
I was always an orange guy like I always
liked orange candies the best by far the
best so comment down below what color of
candy or like what color of treats you
guys liked as a kid I loved orange
freezies lollipops jelly beans all that
Silvia was a red and yellow type of
person I know a lot of people like green
if there's like green stuff people like
that like green apple flavor is blessed
I know a lot of people fuck with blue
blue freezes and stuff like that blue
raspberry
I like blue but I liked orange better
growing up so comment down below the
color of candy or treats that you guys
work with the most and shout out to all
my team orange out there there might not
be a lot of us but we have the strongest
spirit or something like that
speaking of orange my mom made an orange
smoothie I don't really know what is in
this I saw her put carrots in the
blender and peach which usually doesn't
go in the smoothies we make so I'm going
to have a little taste test of this
probably gonna throw up so forgive me oh
my god
smells so bad it smells like carrots
fuck Rose's heart
huh
out of you'll jig that I don't know do I
feel like I can eat pizzas for the next
week and still be diet wolfy after
drinking that that one little sip that's
disgusting as you guys can see my mask
is still in full effect right here look
at this bad boy see if it still fits oh
it doesn't stink right now smells a lot
better look at this ghetto Iron Man look
at us I really want to use the liquid
latex again because that stuff is cool
as fuck and I still have I think two
full bottles and I'm like one part model
so be a waste it'd be a shame not to do
something with it
yo so via in 2016 obviously to get this
done 2016 please not 2018 day to Lionel
trying to figure out how to get into the
new door he was pushing it earlier with
his nose would be so funny trying to
train it up he kind of knows what he's
doing
but he's not quite sure I know come on
you know what to do oh yeah poke your
head poke it in hmm
no no no no don't call him don't call
him I wanted to learn how to do it on
his own that's why I don't want anyone
to have to call them or anything you
want in Lionel you got to get in come on
man I know you want help got to do it on
your own you're a big boy come on come
on line up head first
don't call the door don't clown the door
yes hey let's go let's go I almost
squished his tail he got it day two
Lionel's a smug cat well he's not the
smartest camera Congrats Lionel you did
it so he just finished filming my video
it was a nice success
dad's over now we're filming a video for
his channel he's grabbing the light I
got a gold into my room grab the other
light and then I know my brother has a
little 8 so we're gonna grind this out
me and Sylvie I haven't eaten it's like
4 p.m.
kitchen smells like garlic is it
something cooked but but yeah you guys
already know it is grind season how many
thing other time
on the way here whose boy is this this
is my late bro
this is my light why is this yute
stealing my light I got the light let's
film this as quick as possible so we can
go get food hold on here we go
someone just came over it's Dustin he's
here
what up alright so this is what the
setup is looking like right now we got
the diva light up here and probably have
to bring it down a bit
me and Silvia and Giada are sitting on
this couch tripod up here jabs just
running upstairs to get the thing so
that he can put his camera on the tripod
one light over here so we got double
lights the natural light triple lights
and then the back of the room is pretty
messy but you guys don't need to see
that okay guys so it's a wrap on the
video jad what do you think better how
did it go with this Bangor video what is
it about guys you're about to find out a
lot about Sylvia and Charlie and I'm on
the search for a girlfriend so they help
ya all these guys youtube.com slash tab
with a J button will let me up a few
days tonight okay a lot of time by the
time this going is up you guys will see
the video it's actually some serious
questions at me and so the answer to
whatever these guys are actually tighter
than anybody thinks it's jokes
off YouTube yo all of YouTube you
already know so the biggest thing you
learn is you have to look back barn or
else Moo happy you don't eat like hit
this man hit the thumbs up button if you
eat us like ah yes so yeah but yeah now
we're going to the mall again getting
some supplies for Sylvia and then David
is back in town today
this guy's went on vacation for a week
so we're gonna go chill at the base we
are back at the mall
this time we're here and it's actually
open so going through sport check the
game is get through without some
employee trying to come up and sell you
something first stop is getting kids
makeup so we are in Claire's
behind kids makeup possibly some studs
for my earrings from the hoops that I
always wear look how shiny is oh jeez
you already know gotta say hi to my boy
Justin what's good bro look at this swag
cut jeans got the believer here I've got
Bieber fever
you got E no believer since day one no
filter this is kind of wavy two days ago
I changed my bio to 1.5 million
subscribers far let me you can't even
see it's not even focus but look I just
changed it to 1.6 million subscribers as
we're moving so fucking quick this is a
ridiculous okay guys so right now I'm at
the park and I'm about to play some
pokemon gold I'm going to the boys house
later so I need to catch up on my
Pokemon go hunting
basically I'm with Dustin and Silvia so
basically you guys know my friends like
DJ jad
everyone's been playing Pokemon go
non-stop hey and I used to play when it
came out and then I stopped playing as
much because you know I got too busy
doing other things so basically I found
this website and I bought a level 25
account so I could be the same level as
all my boys it's so dope in my account
is literally stacked and it was so much
easier than I thought it was gonna be
like my yeah hey dope I got to pick my
username I got to pick how my character
looked everything like that so it's like
I started fresh but I started at level
25 fam I'm about to compete with the big
boys now literally start out with so
many different Pokemon and so many
different items so if you guys are
interested I'll leave a link at the top
of the description it's insane I'm
telling you you have to check it out
like look at my fucking Pokemon I got
our canine level 2000 Gyarados slow bro
lookit I am stacked for him Bowie these
Pokemon are wavy I named myself King
wolf dog because King Wolf is taken
you guys are snakes just give me my damn
username that's all I want peep this
level 25 fam level 25 I got my potions
my super potions hyper potions max
potions revive six lucky eggs incense
and I got my 95 ultra balls what do you
know about my 95 ultra balls DJ you got
nothing on me now bro so right now
there's a gym right here and I'm about
to completely take it over with my
arcanine because your boy is wavy now
I'm team mystic I got my gear dose yo yo
ii yo ii yo ii hey i'm sleeping and
taking over this gym
wake me up when I murk everyone okay
guys so Dustin just got stung by a wasp
but we're back I'm at the gym now so I
even Abbie it's like this big fucking
Gaillac beat fuck the gym I was gonna
take it over but they're a thing is well
defended yo yo yo yo yo
oh my god okay guys there is literally a
wasp it is jeez
so he'll be coming after watching a
noisy one holy shit
third time we're done it like the gym
somebody put that wasp
master so then we don't have to what
pokemon do we got killed the guys up
here
this thing has me sugar can this
function sounds like 10 years old
anyways guys so I'm about to go over to
the boys house I want to show DJ my
account and just see his reaction
because this guy has worked his ass off
to get to like level 22 or something and
I'm level 25 so let's see how cheesy
gets oh yeah it is it's swelling up bo
that is that was room my shirt shit on
my shirt I didn't I was just picking the
fucking stupid berry things off the bush
and throwing them killing time as you
guys saw live footage we were about to
take over the gym and then Dustin got
stung by a Hornet a wasp I don't know it
was like some black wasp
so now his arms done a real-life
Beedrill just tried to defend the gym so
we're not going back there
DJ I've been playing Pokemon go these
past few days no I'm bees let's go on
bees keep my account
peeping I can't cuz you gotta shake it
over Jim like whatever just killed some
time from my garbage can so I guess it's
shaking the branch I'll say a year
you obviously that's my cowboy look at
my name look at my name bro my shirt
yeah underlying I named it King wolf I
started fresh look at my old your boss
fire oh no we level 26 yeah that's what
I thought you're all these are toys
no I changed I change it to keep warm
day night look at us live leg was broke
or my items go to my items were sweet
anyway take all the loose
I get all the loose you guys you know
let's go alright guys so I'm watching
the bachelor in paradise and here you
know the daily job sign my autograph
here so star do this one give a nice w
you know for the kids I gotta get these
kids next I'm gonna be next one turn the
next one there's no other one those it
no I need the next next thing to sign
there's nothing else that spider
pictures asleep no one else really mixed
him throw an L sponsor signature at the
all I take this janitor manager being
famous is docked me so clears throat
it's been fucked up for like a day I
think it's gotten better but ever since
she ate like this strand of grass she's
been like trying to fill up something
but it's been stalking her go so she can
throw it up but I found the footage in
my blog that I'm gonna release it'll be
in the vlog and yesterday but I found
the strand of grass that she ate that
led to the incident this is where she
knew she fucked up okay she bit it you
see me well done here we were past the
grass so she knows to come no watch
she walks like crap there we go watch
this if you loo and she starts snapping
come here look at that
no this is when she stops moving you can
tell the grass we're watching the
200-meter butterfly Michael Phelps is
about to race he is getting in the zone
let's see if he's still got it
this might be building in the skies
cheese for a number of pearance gay no
cognac cuz I told you so we're gonna do
oh oh no that's not a real oh it's not a
real baby that's not I'm doing here
that's not a real baby that run seminars
teaching her extreme branded baby yoga
video damage it's doing it
you're fixing its flexibility
right now ring off I told you as a thing
guys look at this shit the world is
crazy I want to know who told that woman
that that was like a good idea to do
with her babies who first dude that's
like the first person to eat an egg just
experiment some torture shit they gotta
know it's good for the baby like 5
million who's on that that's wrong I was
like 90% dislike ratio save the baby's
2016 Charlie makes all these noises when
he watches the Olympics like he's
playing Brazil is doing nice who's man
here we go I'll make him sound effects
oh gee thank you ready it's literally
right you do she's a fucking joy she
said he's acting like he's meaning to do
it but oh my himself and I'll still make
all these weird noises like he thinks
he's playing ah yo holiness okay guys we
are at La Paz right now silvia is
looking for some kids foundation kids
make up stuff it's like 1:00 a.m. in the
morning but i did a mini workout at my
house I did a lot of push-ups dip stuff
like that
looking through the aisles to find
something right now probably not gonna
find it but what I did find is my Caesar
salad I got grilled chicken instead of
spicy chicken because they said the
spicy chicken was gonna take five
minutes too long your boy does not the
patients but grilled chicken is
healthier than spicy chicken so I'm
gonna eat that in the morning but I got
it tonight because tomorrow is gonna be
an edit day and I probably won't leave
my house too much so I'm pre-planning
always stay aware always stay planned
oh I found it
you need that all right let's see if
before I found it
you need that not be Union you need that
all right let's see before I found it
here it is
yeah that's it all right you need that
you need that so long with my salad you
already know I had to pick up my spicy
hummus and some naan bread your boys
having a late-night snack I'm fucking
I'm really hungry cuz I don't need too
much today
hummus is my go-to snack hummus and then
maybe I have like a pair of something
soft fare of course but God they have
this shit is so good bye guys so I just
sharted I'm gonna end the day off by
reading some YouTube comments but I'm
gonna end the vlog off here I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did make sure to
give it a big fucking thumbs up we got
over 500k now so we smash 16,000 likes
so hit that like button and if you guys
made it this far in today's vlog I love
you guys that means you guys are the
truest of the true wolf M so I want you
guys to leave in the comments below
black and white I want everyone to
comment down below black and white
because the shirt behind me is black and
white and I feel like making you guys
comment that today anyways again I hope
you guys enjoyed the video and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
