good morning ay yo what's good at your
boy Wolfie welcome back to my Wolfie as
you guys can see I got my summer apparel
on I have my like beach shirt on and
then I have my friggin Ralph Lauren Polo
hat in lime-green because why not I'm
watching the Olympics right now
downstairs with my dad we're watching
women's rugby like I said I watch any
and every sport in the Olympics so I
watched some beach volleyball this
morning I'm watching women's rugby now I
think I'm gonna watch some diving later
I think it's on just whatever is on is
what we watch my mom had a look at my
bed and I don't know if it's 100%
bedbugs that I have I'm pretty sure it's
not bedbugs but I'm thinking it's
bedbugs because I always think the worst
so it could be just like a spider but
even if it's a spider bite it's bad so
later on today I'm gonna do a full clean
of my bed I'm gonna shake out all my
clothes I'm just gonna do a clean of
like I guess the main parts of the house
because I want these bugs to be gone so
it was a scrambled eggs and avocado
table morning diet will feel full effect
I've got my laptop here I'm gonna do
some editing while I watch the Olympics
partially edit partially watch the
Olympics but yeah Canada is playing in
women's rugby against right now against
Great Britain so gotta show Canada some
love this girl is down she might be
injured
yes Canada so we just sent me a video of
the bug downstairs on our pillow so I'm
gonna go check on this is a bug there
you killed it
I don't get it my room clean and vacuum
all the time I sheets are clean
everything's new we haven't called the
exterminator yet that's the problem
I bought them only like a month ago and
I've washed them multiple times guys
look at this look what the fuck is on my
pillow just chilling so disgusting it's
nice you can see it's fur these bugs or
snakes bedbug looking ass I think it's
what I think it is up there oh is that a
cat door with a cat door built into it
that's cool so now the cats can go
through the little cat door is it meant
for
Oh pets pet store for a screen so they
come out and then it closes behind them
and then Cleo's going to call the screen
open oh is this a heavy-duty one
heavy-duty screen too so the screen door
is going up right now this is the next
step the compost has to be out of the
house so I think we're gonna get little
bags instead of the one big bag that
just sits here and attracts fruit flies
and stuff like that
get rid of it but hold on Canada versus
United States in volleyball right now
Canada is up
I think states are serving it those
Serbs are fucking hard that's all I know
oh come on let's go holy shit some good
volleyball nice block dig dig dig tip
whoo oh no oh my god
this rally though oh wow
this is some good volleyball look at
this day look at this dig look at this
frigging big man that's a good rally for
sure screens up function we all come
here Cleo come test your door final Cleo
come past your door I know you're both
like what what's going on
come here you get up you wake up go to
the door come on go go go try it out
Cleo Oh clear you know what to do okay
put it down and then you just got to
push her through it sure that it's
possible Lionel
come on because he can't open the door
push it no no put it there and I'll push
him into it they're so confused at this
little invention you see your tails
because their tails are gonna get stuck
you just got to run through it Cleo
we're off to Starbucks something you'll
never see me do I never go to Starbucks
but I'm craving this green peach tea
lemonade thing that I used to get all
the time
how beautiful King wolf is here got this
we just showed up to the mall
Tata closed at 6:00 that closes at 5:00
so at least my car is clean but now we
don't know where to go so
most open walk down the path where they
take the dogs see where you keep your
dog not do that over a nice brunch with
everyone outside is right there
it's a beautiful day outside I don't
know I'm getting I think I'm gonna get a
burger with avocados on it but I'm not
sure yet
it's either the avocados or like the
typical caramelized onion mushrooms and
barbecue sauce so we went out to get a
nice bite to eat it's a beautiful day
I'm enjoying the day just watching the
Olympics going out for drives today I
haven't done too much grinding on
YouTube because I've already worked
yesterday I did a lot a lot of work so
that today I could just you know take my
cat's on a walk watch some of the
Olympics chill the only thing I did
today involving YouTube was that I took
a thumbnail with Silvia which took a lot
longer than we actually expected but
it's all good the Silvia my mama out
there walking Cleo
I got Lionel here take Lionel for two
second Silvia I saw a sign that has a
lost bird monkey so if you guys see this
parakeet give this number a call where
how do you see a lost bird really if I
see the bird obviously I'll call the
number but like why but birds can fly
they could go anywhere I guess so I
wouldn't know what to do if I saw a bird
oh god I think they're looking at
puppies right now again it's basically
decided that we're gonna get a palm ski
as one dog for sure and then a more key
as the other one if there's two if one
it might be a more key might be a palm
ski I like the palm ski better
I like the husky better but Minnie it's
your husky I'm down for that too I like
the fact that dogs actually listen my
cats kind of listen but they don't
listen too often like Lionel Cleo Cleo
Cleo
they'll come I promise Lionel Lionel and
Cleo Lionel Cleo okay there we go
you're choking what are you doing come
here all right lion I'll be back all
right stay he's not going anywhere guys
this is where I filmed two of my videos
if you are oh gee he's not moving if
you're G wolf em you know that this
location
comment down below what I filmed here on
these rocks with it goes with like David
and jad as if you guys have watched me
since like maybe I don't even know like
40k then you should know exactly what I
filmed on these rocks partially during
the night time so comment that down
below right now I want to see how many
of you guys actually know that I know a
lot of you guys are more recent
subscribers but there might be a few in
the comments so comment down below also
know we filmed another video here and it
was snowing I know you guys probably
don't recognize the path but I'll give
you a hint for that one could be 100 200
300 400 500 subscribers 500,000
subscribers k whatever so comment that
down below maybe you know that what Oh
My heavens just like oh shit what up
it's Lionel he is nice green eyes here
get model for me it's pretty model for
me Lionel ooh come on give me the face
look at those eyes guys they're
strapping beautiful eyes okay someone
needs to cut these bushes down they're
taller than me so we're just about done
walking these cats but I ran into this
this colony of ants look at all these
ants look at this look at this what is
going on what is going on why are you
trying to come on my sandal yo whose
mans go get your boy and check tell your
man's on to come close to my sandal in
my like one of my old old house like one
of my first house that I ever lived in
there was ants like that like five times
that so I convinced my mom to play a
game of UFC with me I'm about to light
her and Sylvia up I think I'm gonna play
them each and even though I don't know
how to play really well I know how to
play about it now oh yeah
hey you know six times yeah after how
many matches
I beat Silvia after how many matches I
beat you the first three matches and I
actually started trying multiple matches
I started trying with my guy and I
actually whoops Sylvia's ass like
probably ten out of ten matches yeah
no you just button mash time to face my
mom so I'm handing my mom her controller
I got the game ready are you ready yes
okay I'm not telling you how to play
let's do this I don't I don't know I use
this okay just press this over and over
and over again that's it yeah just
triangle alright guys my goal is to be
done the match in 30 seconds here we go
Mandy you don't know what time I don't
know hey hey so you're a guy I'm the
calm the guy with the bullet just easy
with me yes you're bastard in this tip
lock so your 511 to 35 you're pretty
he's 66 to 69 charles's Cheers
xxx here I need it he made his guys
specially so he can never get tired so I
guess all these guys why are you why are
we fighting his charlie just like you
said go isn't like to lose
okay block fuck man you're funny thanks
to it you guys how's that yeah yeah just
wash it down yeah get up get back oh
shit
oh fuck you boo ha ha ha you really hate
to lose you really think you could be
your mom I mean let your mother be his
tattoo how do you very much it's not
that
you to the face came on you get your
lips yeah
this is punch Oh
most of the hair here's so much fun
during middle it's all there this is
what my life has come down to watching
some Olympic volleyball with Sylvia in
between my legs shopping for clothes
Sylvia is addicted to shopping for
clothes without serve all right Sophia
are you shopping for really shopping for
fucking Bobby and so I just woke up from
a crazy nap last thing I remember I was
watching the Olympics and it told Sylvia
to let me sleep for five minutes and I
just remembered wanting to sleep a
little longer than a little longer than
a little longer and then not 10:30 and
I'm groggy and I think I slept for like
maybe two hours
I can't keep letting myself in half
because I'm just so behind on sleep that
the naps just like take over me so
anyways I'm dropping my video in two
minutes so I got to wake up wake up so
you guys already know I'm on my late
night trip to McDonald's to get my iced
water Sylvia is getting her vanilla cone
so I'm letting her drive I'm letting her
drive more loft and she's slowly getting
my trust with the car I saw Sean was on
his dream earlier so I hopped on with
him we just played some rocket League
for like the past half an hour and I
think I'm gonna play some overwatch when
I get home with him and Jack it was so
hot in my room so I had to leave my room
for a bit because I was legit sweating I
wasn't even wearing a shirt now he's
fucking sweating so yeah time to get
this water maybe take a little bit of a
cruise and then come back into my bug
infested house we didn't really clean
anything we didn't really exterminate
anything today
all we did was replace the screen and
then the compost is taken out now I
still don't know what these bytes are
saying you guys can see they look like
kind of bruises I don't really know what
to hold on let me turn the light well
yeah like they're kind of beat I don't
know what that is and they're not
pimples cuz I've never gotten pimples on
my elbow and there's no way like I would
all of a sudden get all these pimples
that hurt like bruises so all I can do
is pray that these bugs leave my house
in the next little bit yes if they don't
I'm gonna be sleeping on the couch every
single day we should just get
puppy to eat them can any excuse this
guy's but no Silvia was showing me
you're the cute puppies again today we
keep finding these weird places that
sell them but these ones are tiny the
tango is hard for us to find one because
there's only a few breeders and Canada
vets like make the breed that we want
exactly there's no there's like no
breeders
yeah like Silvia was saying there's
barely any breeders in well there's no
breeders in Ottawa I don't think that
sell the dogs that we want I don't even
know if there is any integer online in
Toronto but there are always they have a
waiting list and it's like full like
you're not getting a puppy for a while
they should know that Wolfie is trying
to get Wolfie jr. in this bitch and then
cut the waiting list we might have to
just like drive to the US - yeah
yeah it's probably gonna have to be when
we visit the US or whatever either order
it to come there but I want to see it in
person before I get it or hopefully find
a breeder in wherever we go in the
States
there's a lot of breeders in the u.s. we
just have to go there yeah might have to
be a New York thing New York's not too
far mother for like a weekend or
something maybe buy a dog come back with
a dog so we are in the downstairs room
and here's the bed as you can see the
pillows are all over the place pretty
everything in plain sight yeah
everything's in plain sight but we have
some big news for you guys
earlier today we found a bedbug I don't
know if there's a better one beetle
whatever whatever it was you guys saw it
you can judge whatever the hell it was
but the big news there is no spiders no
bedbugs all tonight the air conditioning
is on it is really cold in this room
right now so hopefully all the bugs are
dead yeah that's definitely ours okay
they can't live they can't live if it's
called hear me so me and Silvia we
wished for a wish at 11:11 tonight and
our wish was for the bugs never to come
back to be done and it looks like
they're gone for tonight at least so
thank you for hitting that thumbs up
button and everyone commenting
exterminator Wolfie in the last vlog I
see you guys in the comments and giving
me tips on Twitter some vinegar and
didn't know they did to spring my fam
you guys are too much
so yeah thanks for all the advice if you
have more advice on how to kill animals
kill kill insects comment them down
below and then I'll give them a try
because there's probably gonna be more
spiders in the future hopefully not but
for now we're insect free I don't know
why every time you put your arm around
me I'm like yes
give her more love and affection this is
cringy musically make you guys anyways
we heard good write down me to take a
shower quickly and then go upstairs and
play some overwatch yeah and they're
already good luck and so there's no
ready for the vlog bye guys so big news
we just hit 500,000 subscribers on more
Wolfie and I was on periscope when it
happened while I was on periscope until
it almost happened basically I was
periscoping with like a bunch of people
watching me and then right as I hit
500,000 my phone died so periscope got
cut off
and I missed beheaded fired a thousand
or more will be so kind of tease about
that but thank you so much for sticking
with me and joining me in the wolf m on
this channel as well as my main channel
I fuck with you guys so hard you know
you believe it the support is just crazy
still like it's not stopping anytime
soon like I just I don't understand it's
blowing my mind but I'm very grateful
for you guys so thank you for coming
from my main channel to this channel and
I hope you guys are enjoying the videos
that I'm putting on this channel cuz I'm
putting a lot of effort into it other
than that you guys are killing the main
channel likes and everything so I
already have a feeling I'm probably
gonna have to do like a part too one of
the guys who me and Silvia actually
tried recreating actually tweeted at me
he saw the video so there's that I guess
for the part 2 if he's in it I got to
make him proud with my mom but if Silvia
Hibiki I do it me and my mom like I just
don't even want to picture us having to
do this cringy musically video but it's
getting pretty late so I'm gonna go to
bed and call the vlog for the night so I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if you
did make sure to give it a huge thumbs
up now there were 500,000 subscribers I
feel like we can get 16,000 likes can we
do that yeah we can we can fucking do
that so go down and hit that like button
right now let's hit 16,000 and if you
guys made it this far in today's vlog I
want you guys to comment something below
so that I know you
our true wolf em and you made it this
far so comment down below more Wolfie to
600k that's it more Wolfie to 600k
pretty simple anyways again I hope you
guys enjoy the video and I will see you
guys soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay sad she hurt
my neck stay savage let go
