good afternoon not morning let's get at
your boy wolfy welcome back to more
wolfy it is 5:00 p.m.
I've left my room once today just to go
downstairs and eat quickly but I haven't
had a proper meal yet I just finished
editing recreating cringy musically or
no cringy couple music leaves with
Silvia she's at work right now so she
hasn't seen it I want to see your
reaction to it because it is cringy but
I think it's a fucking banger so I can't
wait for her to get home from work so
she can watch it but I'm gonna go
downstairs right now see who's in my
house see if there's any food to eat you
know make up for all the hours of vlog
that I haven't done this morning I'm
gonna do it all at night Canada versus
Brazil in beach volleyball is on right
now the Olympics have officially started
so I think that's probably what I'm
going to do for a lot of time in the
next probably two weeks I guess I want
to see all the track events but I still
fuck with volleyball Brazil is about to
serve so let's see what Brazil can do it
yay
nice nice dig up tap it alright
canvas quickly sink ended sleeping cats
get up what if I should prank my mom
again
this pair that I'm eating is so damn
trippy it looks and feels like a hard
pair oh my god the Sun is mercury but
yeah it looks and feels like a hard pair
but it is low-key kind of soft so why
does hard pair want to be soft so bad I
don't understand I can't see shit it is
so bright outside right now look at the
Sun guys goddamn so today is a blessed
day because look at this five X's are
there which means it's my cheat day
so when Sylvia gets back to work I'm
gonna ask her what she wants to eat
because I'm just trying to pig out I've
been craving pizza early so I'd be down
for like a fucking nice pizza or
something but we'll see what she says
when she gets home in the meantime I'm
just exporting my video finishing it up
about to make the thumbnail for it I
don't know what it's gonna be quite yet
but there's a few pictures that we took
that are kind of cringe I dunno oh my
god you guys wanted this okay that's all
I got to say before I drop the video you
guys wanted this I don't want this I
don't know why this is so amazing to me
but I just whipped my gum wrapper at the
garbage and look where I landed look at
that right on the edge this is some
Illuminati shit if I do that again and
it happens it's a rap guy almost on the
edge again Wow quick little ETA stop it
hit the rim you guys now know that I
suck at throwing these things in my
garbage I'm not a baller
Haley I wasn't home done you guys
already know while I wait for Sylvia I'm
about to play some UFC with my nigga
swag Lord Sartori hey we both have green
hair he copies my hair he's gonna get
knocked the fuck don't ever copy my hair
Pam over copy my hair I think it's
killed the guy I kicked him on the
ground play this yeah the big is I
kicked him like that you fell down twice
and then got back up and then got murked
again and again and again just with
heels to the face like shit bro please
we play again one more replay please
please please look at this
bro give me my fucking money
I'm cheese the game is glitching like
crazy right now my guy just started
doing some ballet moves I paused the
game I want to see if he's still
glitching look at this shit I don't know
if this is normal but oh my feet are
going stupid right now and I keep
sitting
like I'm doing you know what is going on
right now my feet are broken Pam yeah
yeah this position it's good I don't
know I don't know it's going down look
you might yeah he's standing like this
so I was like I try to levitate so bad
all right I'm almost done but I made a
new guy I just did some karate ass shit
on this nigga look at this
look at this fucking epic you sit the
fuck down
come here give you a nice little you doc
oh oh my god the cheating is in full
effect right now Pizza Pizza website is
up and we are ordering the food with
garlic cheese bread something's wrong
with my elbow oh I know something's
always wrong with me welage it look at
all the why do so many dots you have a
rush or something I don't think it's a
rash I think I bruised my bone
what do you mean Charles you see these
dots here maybe I fell or something cuz
like that's not a fall that looks good
it's on this one like bug bites I'm not
talking about that I'm on my Mirena
Tina's there's wait shit I'm just so
concerned okay there's little like
pimple dots everywhere
no because it's been hurting the past
few days is that a rash or guys I'll
blink five times and I'll tell you I'm
not okay I think you got bit by one of
the spiders in my room they yeah bit by
the spiders yeah hopefully not if I did
then no man before off in two days you
need to look back at this footage
because I don't think you can get a good
look in the mirror alright cuz you can't
see all the dots so casual are they
my elbows been hurting a bit oh shit oh
my god that's my wondering what the fuck
see you know you have like it's starting
on this elbow a little bit what is that
from
I told you I don't know you're either
having nature a cure or dying like why
yeah cuz this is sore over here this is
sorry sore yeah
Staley for me I don't want your disease
please thank you goodbye really big we
don't want your disease no I'm seriously
that's not normal
that's not normal so we're googling
Charlie's disease spider bite simp
spider by track
I swear to God if something looks like
what bit me how did I common bites okay
Batman actually does like this yeah this
is disgusting what they serve do
something like this I hate sir guys
sorry you have a weak stomach go to this
and what bit me had to identify common
base Oh bug bites what is that
dead bug no it's not bed looks not I
have that I would literally spider okay
oh you don't have a god that's like a
damper it looks like a bullet wound yeah
this say is great great great site
fucking Nagar is one of those articles
that are like the side ads that you
can't avoid you know spider bite
symptoms if it's a sore redness pain and
itching okay it's not their comments
dinging oh maybe a little stung oh shit
yeah it's been sore the past like two
days okay well I'm actually shook now
can you ask your dad I was like yeah
fuck my elbows are I've been hurting for
some reason no the other ones like
fucked up this one's like okay you see
there's no like pimples or anything it's
like maybe I felt and I don't know about
it how is that gonna come from falling I
can't get little dots from falling what
are you falling on some spike ease
somewhat like a spiky things a spiky
like other things you were anyways guys
I'm dying
so just everyone get ready to write on
my tombstone we found the culprit it was
my sister's blanket she brought in my
room there has to be some bedbugs of
some shit in that they were biting my
because up until the other day I didn't
bring that you see look at that has
stuff in it I'm itchy well up until the
other day it wasn't even in my room and
then I guess it just appeared in my room
one day randomly someone's trying to
poison me or kill me I don't have any on
me and last night was the only night
that we sleep together and you use that
word maybe it was the towel check that
towel why I don't know I think I
showered yesterday and use that towel oh
I don't know guys I have no idea what's
going on right now but every vlog I feel
like you're gonna come back and see me
with another issue someone's gonna be
wrong to my body guys I'm in the shower
look at it I found the culprit oh my god
mags my legacy she is fuckin oh my bad
but look at out after the splatter is
there's more actor than half you fucking
guys on Instagram I'm going to finish my
powers and kill it it's not focusing on
it - I own a garage are its so I can get
with no but it's fucking disgusting eyes
aglow Benghazi Oh God
so girls that's my reaction spider Oh
what moving out yeah I know
fuck I need to finish the shower shave
your ass already
oh yeah house is infested by spiders you
guys know that my room was infected I
killed like seven thousand two days and
now upstairs they're here because they
know I killed their family downstairs so
they're moving on up to you alright
you're gonna kill it or we're just a
little meat babies are you dead God
probably you Nino spiders have like a
billion babies don't ever enter on my
shower otherwise okay I'll give you a
nice uppercut you caused these chuckling
it's coming from this hole I found it
right I had a hole like that in my room
that's her
maybe I made that hole what if I told
you it didn't make that hole I would
they burrowed out of the remember I used
to think about what that was a spider
quick check to see if there's any
spiders in my car before we go get the
pizza yeah if there's any spiders and
they're gonna die from the amount of
scent things I have up here the new car
scent like an ass but I'm starving right
now I have not have I eaten today I
haven't eaten today and it's like seven
o'clock eight no it's like eight o'clock
I haven't eaten a thing
Wow look at this stuff guys
delicious the food has arrived now back
to the den let's see what we got here oh
I'll just tell you this this smells
phenomenal I know you can't smell it at
home but I will tell you it smells
phenomenal I think I told so far I
almost felt my escape holy shit I told
Sylvia to get chicken and mushrooms on
the pizza so let's see what we got hmm
yeah I did I'm so cheese fuck pepperoni
I'm joking
I'll mark this so we're watching some
Olympic swimming right now that's me
right there I was actually in the race
earlier today but um I'm home because I
flew back really quick but as you guys
can see I'm winning the race no these
are guys first place I'm still in first
place
my mom was actually in this race - it
was crazy she was over there but that's
me and as you guys can see I'm leading
they say black people cancer them well
DJ can't swim
light-skinned people I just looked dark
from this angle look at me go world
record split and where I had a world
record pace
Canada's still in third so he's doing
the voice-over for her video she takes
so long - it's on my second
all right I don't know I was winning the
swimming race so Sylvia went to bed
early because she's exhausted right now
because it's only 1 a.m. and I say that
like 1 a.m. is early but it's really
pretty fucking late but I just don't
sleep I'm catching up on my YouTube
videos so I got to start with the squad
everyone's dropping videos so I'm about
to watch DJ's team albo playing soccer
video and then I got Ryan's to watch and
I just watch dad's actually so I started
from the top jab did a video where he
had $500 and he went into multiple
stores and told them that they had free
rein over what he buys with the $500
basically it was a fucking dope idea
I watched part of Ryan's video earlier
but I'm gonna finish it now then I'm
gonna move on the DJ's video because
know I like to see what the boys are
doing but I usually don't have time so
when I run out of videos to watch on
YouTube I go to WorldStarHipHop
obviously I'm sure all you guys know a
worldstar is if you guys have ever seen
a fight video then you should know a
world series so I'm catching up on world
so right now and I'm seeing this video I
haven't been able to watch too much of
the Olympics so far but I've been seeing
this one video or at least the thumbnail
going around and it's this French
gymnast who apparently breaks their leg
while they're doing something I think
I'm on the trampolines or something so
I'm about to watch this and you guys
will see my reaction I hate watching
people break bones and shit never broken
a bone so here we go so this guy's
running flip flip flip oh my god I know
he's in shock right now
but fuck can I show this to you guys if
you guys cannot watch people break their
bones close your eyes for the next 30
seconds but just look at this so the
dude is running as fast as you can okay
he hits the trampoline jumps flips boom
done
bonus done oh no it hurts to watch oh
boy I can't imagine I don't know why but
I'm pretty sure I hear talking out the
front of my house I see him thought I
heard some talking as a goof fuck is in
the street I went to it am outside my
house but it's just my brother in the
band
what the hell ps4 work I'm trying to
play some overwatch dope Lucille Ball is
on this game Oh dope yes
so I show you not it is 3:30 a.m. and I
thought I heard some noise outside so I
went downstairs
turn on the lights I hear some noise on
the front door and it's my brother
dancing my brother is dancing on my
front doorstep at 3:30 a.m. the things
you find at wolfies house I don't know
what is wrong with my house but like I
swear to god we have an insect
infestation in the downstairs room
they're spiders and even I found a
spider in my room today what the fuck is
that like what like what is that
that's a moth oh my god okay yeah we do
because the door gets left open so many
times when the cats go because Cleo can
open the door by yourself and there's
like multiple holes on the screen it
means bugs can get in just off the top
of my head I count one two three four
five fucking moths that's disgusting
honestly if they get any worse there
might need to be an exterminator coming
so I think I'm going to sleep on the
couch tonight with like no blankets I'm
not gonna sleep in my own room I don't
trust these flies right now but tomorrow
we're gonna have to either get an
exterminator or I'm gonna have to Google
some shit to get these bugs out of the
house because this is ridiculous it
supposed to eat these bugs you don't do
that Cleo so I guess tomorrow I'm just
gonna have to go savage Wolfie on these
fucking bugs but anyways I'm gonna end
the vlog off right now it is 3:45 it's
3:45 in the morning and I need to go to
bed because I have a long day tomorrow
but I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if
you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up let's hit 15,000 likes on this
vlog because we are so fucking late
right now and if you guys made it this
far in today's vlog I want you guys to
comment down below so I know you made it
this far to show that you're a true wolf
family Wolfie the exterminator comment
down below Wolfie the exterminator
because that's what I'm gonna do
tomorrow I'm gonna fucking murk all
these bugs and I need all your guys good
luck so hit that like button so I don't
get eaten in my sleep comment Wolfie the
exterminator and I'm gonna end these
bugs lives anyways again I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage yeah
