good morning ay yo what's get us your
boy wolfy welcome back tomorrow wolfy
guys I started the day off all right it
almost happened again and almost
happened again okay basically I was
going to the sweet potatoes and I was
picking them up cuz you guys know I love
my burnt sweet potatoes these are not
even cooked but look at this I gripped
it and this one is so rotten that my
finger went right in it just again twice
like look you put a little bit of
pressure on it oh wow
no maybe from this side I think I found
the one hole in it okay here yeah the
sweet potatoes are rotten as fuck so I
think there's some maggots in it that
might be a maggot or a worm is that well
okay yeah this is fucking disgusting I
was gonna eat this sweet potato for
breakfast cuz i Wolfie but now I can't
because there's fucking worms in it so
it is time to create a character and
also fight with my character on the UFC
game that I was given in my p.o box back
in the day I used to play wrestling
games all the time and I always used to
make like the weirdest looking
characters so I just put the game in and
Wednesday like the tutorial is fucking
confusing is how I have no clue what I'm
doing
once I'm knocked down on the ground I
don't know how to get up but it's all
good
we'll learn as we play so I'm about to
go into customized not my ps4 controller
over here great a fighter yeah alright
we're gonna start off with some general
info we're gonna call him swag Lord swag
Lord I like that last name Sartorius I
like that of course
Big Daddy I don't care where he's from
age you know
this guy's gonna be new to the game will
make him 18 years old so we can either
go flyweight which is kind of small or
the DS 1 heavy late 5 2 and 116 pounds
that's we're gonna go with I chuckle
like this the hobo tell me how this
guy's 18 years old apparently they don't
eighty-year-old yeah ok ok so I'm pretty
much done setting my guy out the way I
set him up is all he can do is fight up
top
like all he can do is punch and kick and
shit like that and if he's taken to the
ground we're basically fucked you have 3
different game plans in this game but
I'm only setting up one because I'm so
confident but I'm just gonna whoop some
ass with my punches my kick so here we
go so my character is complete I'm about
to challenge dust into a match you can't
be anyone crazy I get to be like create
a character not oh here we go
buttock a swag Lord Sartorius in the
building
let's go yup I saw this guy's their life
oh he has the same dragon tattoo on
every part of his body the same drinking
already pick any one you want bro you
know those videos I think like king
bachelors were like throw baskets max
it's like what do you do is I this guy
was kinda go
I'm John all right let's go ice bro pick
a guy he's late ice all right
he's a light-skinned college okay listen
five - really yeah he's small yeah but
he's also a hundred and everything this
is the best at everything use him cuz he
has green hair and he's trying to copy
my swag what a snake claw nose
yeah that looks like you Reuters pick
anyone Oh Brooke get gone out of here
bro who actually rocks that's that bro
skip this man let's get that music going
oh ho here we go - a glide Sartorius
listen to that song it's really flowy
takes on ya
let's go let's go you make smoothies
sauces keep the same time here and in
here me years ago
you're not touching this man hey hey hey
oh oh oh my god to the face get to the
ground ooh ah you are stand up sit down
bro I need a backup you just think your
life right now oh my god oh one more
match look at me
swinging rope swing swing bro this guy's
this year's Brendan oh she's neck break
watch his neck on the way down please
were one the other angle his neck
literally completely turned sideways shy
look at this guy oh he's dead he's dead
no I'm dead I'm dead I'm dead I'm dead
I'm struggling I'm struggling on the
ground here no anything
oh look at this look like having a
seizure I'm obviously not dead
okay I don't connect oh yeah you're a
man dies they're all happy about it yeah
no chiz me and Bay just went to go get
food you guys already know comment down
below what you think I got you got two
seconds to comment one two okay you
already know the chicken Caesar salad
and for all you people in the comments
saying will Whoopi a chicken Caesar
salad with all the dressing is like it's
worse for you than a burger blah blah we
both know it's not so this is definitely
an improvement from all the burgers that
I would have gotten anyways and I've
already lost my weight I've gained
strength so I'm doing everything that I
wanted to do and diet Wolfie is still in
full effect
so don't think just because I'm getting
a salad I'm not eating healthy this is
not eating healthy but I ain't doing
that I don't know what feeling just came
over me but I just passed out on the
couch for like ten minutes that's like
the first nap I've taken in probably
weeks I think it's just all the sleep
that I've missed out on catching up on
me but basically my parents are ot cuz
my dad has a day off so my parents are
doing something Sylvia is at work for
the day Dustin just left my brother is
editing a video upstairs and I'm like I
don't know where my sister is but I'm
basically home alone right now
not completely home alone because I have
the cats here with me like Cleo's is
chillin over there Lionel's whining to
go outside so I'm probably gonna take
them on a walk soon but I just been
grinding so hard and I told myself today
that I'm just gonna basically take a day
off not completely take the day off
because I'm still blogging and stuff but
I just wanted a day where I just sit and
don't do much and today is that day I
feel so weird because I've been grinding
so hard just like sitting down I feel
like I'm wasting time but like I need to
enjoy it so I forced myself to lay on
the couch and ended up passing out for
10 minutes I have no idea what I'm gonna
do for the rest of the day I don't know
what the boys are doing I don't really
know what anyone's doing obviously I
have to edit my
later tonight but I don't know what to
do during the day like well it's still
well it's still light outside you see
this this is rare usually I leave my
house at like 6 or 7 p.m. but like
honestly I might just go to the park for
no fucking reason I just thought of the
most blessed idea you guys know how
Sylvia is like terrified of spiders
right now in her room and like I said
she works all day so she's probably not
gonna be home until tonight so I could
potentially go to the store and maybe
like find like a plastic spider or some
some spider that I can prank her with
you know and then put it in like the
corner of her room
I don't tape it up there something so
that when she comes back to her room she
literally shits her pants because every
time she comes in a room she like does a
thorough inspection of like is there any
spiders here is there any spiders there
so imagine if I just bought like a big
big big spider and put it in the corner
like far enough away so that you can't
tell if it's real or fake and anyways if
she sees it she'll literally shit her
pants so quick that she won't be
thinking always it real or fake she'll
just be like oh fuck it's a spider I
gotta get the fuck out of my room I
swear if I do that she will probably
kill me but you know wolf he's a savage
so if I go to the store today and I find
a spider like I'm not gonna go out of my
way to find a spider but if I find a
spider like a plastic plank spider she's
done I feel so bad right now cuz Cleo is
begging me to go out like literally she
ran to my room like three times today in
the past hour and will not stop meowing
because she wants me to take her out to
walk even though it's raining a bit but
I have to go to the store really really
quickly to get something so I want to
take her out when I get back but in
order for me to take her I would I have
to wait for my mom to get home because
unlike dogs holy shit it's actually
raining but yeah unlike dogs cats aren't
so easy to walk they don't really listen
as much as dogs at least the cats I have
they don't really listen so it takes two
people to walk two cats one cat per
person and Cleo doesn't understand that
so she keeps whining and whining and
whining but I got away from my mom to
get home so we can walk her Cleo
if you're watching this vlog I'm not
trying to be an asshole but I can't walk
you without walking Lionel because
that's unfair and he gets cheese and
then
fucking these cats are cheating me all
right now that is done with I think I
can go home and walk the cat do I really
don't think they're gonna want to walk
in this rain but it is what it is I
don't know how cat memory works but from
what I've seen with these cats
I've seen them beg to go outside in the
winter and then they go outside for two
seconds it's way too cold for them
outside they run back inside and then
five minutes later they want to go back
outside I just I just don't get it but
short-term memory like what's good at
these cats wow this place structure has
fucking changed I don't know why but I
got the sudden urge to like go back to
my elementary school this is the old
stomping grounds this is where all
fucking started this school Dunlop
public school is fucking og the
basketball net still up over there
oh man the shitty basketball net guys
I've lived in Ottawa since I was like in
grade one and I've seen this playground
this play structure go through so many
changes that I get never had this never
had this never had like I remember when
that play structure was like ass I used
to have one of those like yellow tubes
the yellow tunnels that you guys like
climbed through they used to be a play
structure way over there I guess they
took it down as you guys can see it's
still raining but it's all good I
remember shooting one of my first videos
of all time right beside this swing set
I was standing right there we did like a
party in the USA by Miley Cyrus remix I
hope it doesn't lightning or thunder if
it doesn't running in the car but I just
had to come back and just check this
place out they've upgraded hard but they
got rid of like half the stuff that I
knew this public school for like there
used to be like a teeter-totter or a
seesaw whatever you call it there and we
used to have these things called like
ass wars or like butt breaker wars where
we'd each go on one side and stand up
and then the first person to give up
because of how much pain their asses in
they lost all I know is these new play
structures are definitely more safe than
they used to be like in the past there
was some dangerous shit on these play
structures and I don't know how they
allowed it but this is where I want to
bring you guys this is where all the
shit went down
these fucking trees okay look at these
trees basically if you were in grades 1
to grade 3 you had to stay in this whole
area up until those trees you could not
go past those trees that was like your
boundary and then from this wall on you
could only go there if you were grade 4
to grade 6 so we didn't have anything to
make soccer nets or anything like that
so I shit you not from grade 1 to grade
3 literally we used this tree in this
tree even though there
pletely diagonal and don't make a net
these were one of the nets in this tree
in this tree on the other side were the
other net and every single recess we
would play soccer literally every single
recess until I got to grade four and
then we played like touch football we
played grounders I don't know if you
guys ever fucked with grounders we
played San tag all on the play structure
that doesn't exist anymore which I'm
cheesed about because they must have
just took that down but fuck elementary
school these were the days I'm
reminiscing hard oh no they used to have
a branch on this tree I think this might
have been the branch they might have cut
it down I don't even think I could fit
through this tree anymore but before
every kid used to run and jump through
this tree I don't know how it's such a
small area now that I look at it but
there was a branch here and we used to
have contests on who could hold onto the
branch the longest basically just
hanging and your boy Wolfie was always a
winner Loki I was like one of the
fastest kids in my school in grade six
so you already know all these monkey bar
competitions and all this shit like that
yo the kid came out on top every day
when I get home this is what I have to
see in the side of the little door
Cleo's little face okay I'm gonna take
you these are the struggles you gotta go
well cat walking all they do is eat
grass right Cleo come here let's go come
on Cleo come on Cleo come on Cleo you
move her I get a dog you move her I'm
getting a dog I'm getting a dog in two
seconds three two Oh
she moved no she didn't see if Lionel
comes to me Lionel come on Lionel run to
me
run to me Lionel
lion-o come here you know what to do yes
okay now almost Lionel please why'd you
do this to me Lionel please oh shit what
do we find were you running a leaf a
leaf she fought a squirrel is funny yeah
but she didn't do anything if they
always run after it and look at it and
you never follow through
are you a savage or not are you gonna
kill the squirrels right here I have her
trust me I know but she'll squirm and
you need to hold on to her harness right
there all right guys so we're getting
Silvia from the Train but Cleo wasn't
done her walk so we're taking her she's
just looking outside she's about to shed
a lot of hair on me because she's
probably scared right now cuz you
probably think she's going to vet but
it's not good Cleo wants to go on this
little ride she's like this is a whole
new world hopefully we don't see a
squirrel because then Cleo will try
jumping out the window oh here we go
turning we're almost there and she is
squirming Charles
just move that thing over silver you
like who who is entering the car she
looks so cute in your arms she's just
like looking out is she scared she's
just curious
so Cleo's cheese that me right now she
just ran down the path the whole way
there she was good and then as soon as
we got back at literally had to hold her
up she would not sit down for some
reason so I literally like carried her
like this on the whole way back and
that's he's kind of teased in me she
thinks we're in like a new location I
think she's trying to explore but we're
gonna go inside now opening ceremonies
of the Olympics you know I'm about to
watch this look at all those people
goddamn I don't know about you guys but
I watch every possible sport in the
Olympics every single year even if I
don't care about the sport in the
Olympics it's interesting to watch but
obviously Summer Olympics I'm ready for
the 100 and 200 meter sprint so many do
from around the world flowers there I'd
beat everyone and everything it's all
good didn't affect me this year maybe
next year yeah after that please but 95%
done my workout finishing up now I'm
feeling blessed right now very blessed
just thought I'd tell you guys in on how
the workout is going I will see you
after I shower fresh out the
motherfucking shower here we go we got
the X in the bitch pop this off
give it a nice lickle X right now I'm
currently working on the cringy
musically video edit with Sylvia I just
have it up here I'm just thinking
everything together and it's just like
already I'm seeing it's cringes fuck so
this is gonna be a pain to edit I'm not
gonna edit most of it tonight it's gonna
be mostly done tomorrow but I wanted to
get a head start on tomorrow because I
finished with my vlog early today I had
more time my brothers uploading his
video right there
I just finished uploading my vlogs
Sylvia's downstairs editing her video so
everyone is working right now David just
dropped a video Sean just dropped a
video it's just insane how the whole
squad is putting in a lot of effort
right now alright so I just went
downstairs to go get Sylvia she's about
to come upstairs and go to bed that
means I gotta end the vlog off now
because she can't sleep while I'm
talking so I'm just gonna edit my video
for a while anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up let's
smash 14,000 likes on this video and if
you guys made it this far in today's
vlog I want you guys to comment
something so I know you made it as far
this is going to be random but I want
you guys to comment below peach and
mango peach and mango that's
anyways again knives every today's logon
I will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
to my main channel and as always stay
savage let go
