let's see what this is whoopee welcome
back to more Wolfie guys Merry Christmas
guys I already said it in the last vlog
but today is Christmas morning we got
the presents if you want to see me
unwrap all the presents and my family
unwrapped all the presents that's gonna
be in the video before this so go back
link in the top of the description go
click or not but today it's just gonna
be a Christmas blog so before we even
begin you guys already know what it is
lay down and smash I like one let's hit
thirty five thousand likes on this blog
that's my Christmas present guys so
please let's get it done
don't know what we have in store for
today the first thing I know before we
need to go open presents is we need to
go get coffee or hot chocolate or
something so hopefully tomorrow
Whoopie shut the fuck up sit down sit
down
yeah yeah well your oh that's how
Wolfie sit down okay good boy I love you
go on your back your back good boy
Dustin just showed up are we ready to
write a house test no where's your ugly
Christmas yeah guys that's okay where is
it oh you got that big publish I thought
that he was gonna get the friggin now
Rugrats
yeah legit you're like the most typical
human being sighs I'm stressed yo do you
guys want anything from the store
smoothies yeah where you need I need to
wake up I need coffee
okay guys there's a snow bank in front
of me but yo like in this car because
this should not be my car in a few days
like I don't even care I definitely
shouldn't try to break it but put it in
sport mode nothing is stopping us here
we go guys just remember that's my car I
swear you just broke free we out here
we're driving on the snow nothing stops
me let's get this all right guys I
pulled up to Timmy's Tim Hortons the
best coffee place in the world check out
Canada and as you guys can see watch
this I'm gonna pull up to the window
happy holidays so we're closed to come
back tomorrow cuz I just saw that truck
drive away that is over now second
location because I need my hot chocolate
oh my god guys these are like the best
things you can ever get from Tim Hortons
ice caps and mocha ice caps crack I'm so
disappointed you can't get out in the
States
cuz in LA all I'm doing is Starbucks and
like yeah it's good like I can't hate
but nothing is better than an ice cap
mmm what I just kept guys and in Canada
we call donut holes Timbits you guys
call them donut holes but we call them
Timbits all right let's get it the hot
chocolates and the French journalist
have arrived I mean where's the one
present where's the one that says to
Silvia to open first it's smaller that's
the one yeah what does it say let's see
what it is all right there could be
money there could be a ticket in there
there could be money in there there
could be anything
open it carefully don't rip it I'll rip
it or a bit hold on hold on hold on
don't open it yet don't open it yet just
wait just wait let's see what this is I
were to pull one of these oh this is
enormous for a ring box I didn't really
see salty she saw a few guys guys you'll
find the full unboxing on my on my
channel the other video buddy oh yeah
let's continue opening these presents
so the unwrapping of presence is
officially done make sure to check out
that video that video will be in the
description to this video I'm very happy
I actually got my mom and dad really bad
on a prank she was cried so make sure to
go watch that it was insane now we are
cleaning up presents my presence my
presence my presence don't want to show
you too much cuz you did go watch the
other video but Christmas tree is still
Dookie it's actually starting to get
dark outside because it's like three oh
it's four o'clock and we're finishing
usually like when I was younger I used
to wake up at like honestly early like
seven finish this by like 10 latest but
we're we started really late and now we
got some potatoes cooking we're gonna
have dinner we have this pressure cooker
thing we got obviously the turkey in the
oven oh my god and we clean that off
guys sorry about that
cabbage rolls are being made stuff over
here literally someone to drink that
drink but it's okay because I want
another anyways I'm gonna mention that
to anyone else but successful Christmas
ooh
stuffing god damn right it's a feast
time night come here did you like your
presents my present
what yeah I was I needed that
yeah she saw pieces so no I was not good
you're old
good boy wolf you gonna pee hey wolf he
loved his presents guys he's been
playing with the morning on the deck
come on come on wolf good boy watch out
with your goose personal trainer wolfy
coming through guys people at Dustin got
me saying I need to hit the gym again
but I do look like a personal trainer my
hair oh my god membership you need a
three four-week trial period whatever
you want
whoa swaggy mine I'm a swag in my low
key I need to work out the turkey
stuffing turkey meal orange juice
really stuffing mashed potatoes baby eat
chocolate whoopie ko it's 6:30
right now perfect time to eat dinner
yeah but literally I have not eaten
today me and Sophia all we've had is a
hot chocolate or the Coffee Prince are
you ready
he just wants to sleep he doesn't even
care about this food whoopee whoopee
wake up come here
come on come on come on whoopee whoopee
come here
poo poo okay bye-bye Wolfie see if this
works yeah the old trick he's like no no
and you're not leaving me
bye see ya goodbye wolf bobby-boo be
back you think wake up sleepy boy the
dogs nap the whole movie the way you
want it let's go get turkey stuff let's
go get turkey human food
take him off the counter good boy good
boy are you dropping my pet yes wait a
minute put a minute this dream domestic
dog
fellas good yo can we stop eating nobody
said grace all right there you go thanks
for the grub oh my god you know that is
controversial yeah I like it
continue euro that's a banger but he
needs to settle he doesn't need no more
food you know those ones huh he doesn't
you dick
he doesn't need that yo yo look who's
talking
what are you have to say if I had a
beard like that I can hide my triple
chin put the camera dusted I'm just
reaching for another dish second but you
want me to do another diss track listen
no no team star is gonna make fun of me
he's gonna be hit he's gonna be smashed
in an old man great knock yourself out
oh that's gonna make you so cool but you
can't smash an old man if you're by
yourself you always want some pack is
there's no roasted roads like grandpa
grandpa violence let's enjoy this food
grace bless Sylvia's playing with my
slinky you see that looks so cool on the
camera that looks so cool in the camera
okay for all you young uns that are
younger than me which is anything below
17 peep this slinky right now while the
lighting in this house is so bad this is
what a slinky does and this is how kids
used to have fun
we're cellphones were made okay oh my
god
the stairs are too big no no yeah this
is what happens to you live in a house
that's too big guys the slinky goes down
like so oh wow I think it's stuck this
is what's supposed to happen guys it
just walks down the stairs but when your
stairs are too big it doesn't really do
that that's a fail okay that's garbage
so we just teleported back to my house
after a long Christmas day we are here
but I have to fill the main Channel
video right now I mean you that doesn't
matter to you guys because you guys are
just gonna see it when it's up but it
takes a lot of time and a lot of prep
this one is gonna be kind of holiday
themed so I'm excited for it have been
holding off on this idea for time but
yeah it's time to do it
it's a banger it's over there that's the
hit me you guys saw me shop for the
supplies the other day so it's pretty
obvious what it is and I gotta get it
done tonight because tomorrow I'm gonna
be busy Gabe you guys know Gabe from LA
if you don't know Gabe no no and T whop
if you guys don't know too you up three
down for five guys oh yeah oh wait
you're talking about the food gave it to
you all for coming from Montreal to
Ottawa they kick it with you boy for the
day it's gonna be Boxing Day which means
we might do a little bit of shopping I
don't really need anything maybe they
need something I also have to go get my
car cleaned and some stuff with that
fixed because the next day we're going
back to Montreal to do some stuff with
the car so tomorrow I have to be
completely free just in case these guys
want to do anything crazy I'll probably
give them like a tour of Ottawa I don't
know if they've ever been here but I
know all the cool spots so we're gonna
get that done tomorrow which means I
gotta be up super early so I'll be right
back after that filming a cello video
let's get it day two boys and girls Auto
Center Auto Center and I just dropped my
phone in the side of my car hate when I
do that anyways guys today like this
morning we're doing some car work card
work not even getting a raptor anything
we're doing like some car repair gotta
get my oil change and stuff like that so
I just pulled up to Canadian Tire mr.
lube was closed that's the funniest name
ever mr. do seeing if they can go do it
so let's see two and a half hour wait
not today we out no it's gone tomorrow
listen to music I'll be back in a sec
these guys wanted to come two former
palace I told them they've got my
tomatoes every time and they still
wanted to come but they do have good
food so let's get the first reaction of
new formal palace members got my
sandwiches gave him to offer ordering
there's right there Gabe played himself
this guy got a plate I told him how much
food it is he didn't really believe me
but he has a mountain of food he needs
to finish now cool and actually guys
they got my order right so shut it to
them but I ordered real slow so shout to
me first by it's go I don't need you
anybody take a bite of the chicken
chicken take chicken out there's a nice
fire fighters finally hold on I need to
you on someone's car on me I love I love
okay I'm just eating power station we're
going to base her all right - oh yeah
your first reaction last time I checked
on the scale that was overweight but you
know what I don't get
there's a fully loaded sandwich supreme
at I'm killing
is it better than my smoked meat again
all right guys time to eat so guys we
went to Bayshore mall basically like I
said it's Boxing Day we went to go meet
up with the boys they're all here but yo
Bongo said that it's really packed in
here and I underestimated him so I've
been in the parking lot for 45 minutes
driving around so far guys and we are
taking this letter on the wall right
there
we're literally taking that we're taking
else I can't even believe it there is no
parking spaces everything is taken so we
might low-key leave them all I'll give a
500 guys I want to I want to feel like
them wait actually I just I'm just gonna
kill myself
money alert yo so we're thinking that we
can get this guy's SWAT but yo he just
pranked us he went to the wrong road
rope I'll just follow him I can't
believe it
I cannot believe he has done this
no no wait you don't have to turn around
again no problem what are you gonna do
stand in the spot no you can't do it is
genius until someone runs you over we
did it we did it we got the spot guys
finally just as the boys are deciding to
leave hopefully I can convince them to
stay for 20 minutes because I it's at
that point where I've been here for so
long I can't take it out or not low in
the mall so let's go in there for like
35 seconds alright so guys rule number
one never go through a mall with Charlie
I charge five bucks a pic forward if
you're Jake Paul fan twenty bucks a yard
shout out my Instagram wrote to 1k
what's your Instagram spell it quick you
have to click it Instagram you've never
puffed I'm a nerd anyway Naoki 1k guys
get him to 1,000 followers let's get it
that he will be with all his gifts even
see wife is getting involved
I won't tell them to play check the
statistics here he hasn't paid a cent oh
right what you're I'm Santa Claus
I'm Santa Claus what you know about
oughta watch six one three dog let's get
back in the booth maybe you should
retire in a booth are you gonna follow
up with that banger you're not but you
should try see the views is this doodle
rapper or comedian boom I'm confused
shit I be your rapper to my comedy
videos got no views listen Michael
Batphone I'm really not a rapper
fuck you I'm after then you'll go tell
your minion they'll ask you this one's
for you
mine is hot check the statistics my
Claire higher than yours
you can't leave that's all there is a
little
guys that was absolutely crazy
holy shit like I did not know how many
wolf fell I think my cars over there I
did not know how many wolf mi had in
Ottawa but obviously there's not too
many youtubers in Ottawa
so that was fucking insane shout out to
all the people that came there I didn't
even tweet it I didn't snapchat it we
took over the wall
this is where you would move if you
moved in here oh my god so it's either
you or the Martinez twins get it don't
forget bro you gotta know your Pokemon
all time you can bring it I would easily
have a flourish I mean he loves that I
know you watch my show we just want to
go get food we just got back and now
honestly I'm going to take you out for a
nice night on the town because guys I
gotta slow them when they're in Ottawa
let me here for one day you leave in the
morning
so I'm gonna end the vlog off there if
you want to know what happened to resume
obviously follow you and snapchat Wolfie
raps there could be some not be things
going balance not tonight
it's all I'm saying wolf emoji snapchat
if you want to see not penis and Peggy's
it's nice like button if you haven't
already listed 25 thousand likes on this
video comment down below hanky my main
channel get ready for the car Lego
