good morning ay yo what's get you boy
wolfy welcome back to Marv wolfy today
is one of those days that me and Sylvia
woke up and then we just got fed up with
how dirty my room was so as you can see
we clean the bed you guys will never see
my bed this clean like we wash the
pillows and stuff like it's not like
it's not clean on the regular but like
it's never folded like this it never
actually looks like a bed so the bed's
folded my desk is still a mess my desk
will always be a message because there's
so much going on all the time
the tables were not the main focus but
the washroom the bathroom whatever you
call it where you're from is disgusting
or was disgusting so as you can see the
table is flawless now I even got my
candle going we got peach and mango to
get rid of the stench that was here
before you can actually see yourself in
the mirror which you can never do in my
house or at least in my bathroom you can
never see yourself
I even cleaned off this area with a
paper towel stacked up toilet paper the
toilet is glistening what like what what
is that I can actually see my reflection
in the toilet stop bad showers nice this
garbage was disgusting before I
literally threw it in the shower clean
it out completely washed off the floors
Lego my bathroom is spotless right now
because once I start cleaning I
literally can't stop until it's spotless
so my bathroom is done but before I I'm
gonna go downstairs and help still via
out cuz she hooked me up by the way guys
I came downstairs to a nice fruit
smoothie I had blessed fruit smoothie in
the morning that one's not mine I
already had mine but Cleo what are you
looking for are you running away so
suspicious she's looking for something
under here I hope there's not a rat or a
mouse
Cleo okay we're good Maya no you're
chilling great okay
let's go clean downstairs a clean Cleo
come on want to help clean
no no clean let's go let's go let's go
let's go follow me so here in this
bathroom we already gotten a start it's
way cleaner than mine the toilet is I
think the only thing that really needs
to be clean shower is pretty nice
because everybody uses that not just me
so that's right dirty what
cuz everybody uses that sorta like not
just me that's that sorry everybody uses
this one down here
yeah you sure it's not because of you
every guest comes ah
Sylvia you made a mess down here alright
so that took like 30 seconds compared to
mine took like probably half an hour
forty minutes but now I got to go edit
quickly not quickly not quickly at all
I got to go edit so I can drop this
banger tonight so I just finished
editing what I thought wouldn't take too
long but you know it took me all day but
on a better note my arm fit is better it
doesn't itch it also we're getting there
so I know it's getting annoying and I'm
trying to stop talking about how fast
we're going and shit but something just
made me realize like how many new
subscribers we're gaining each fucking
day literally so if you go on my Twitter
you see that my bio is I make savage
videos in one point four million people
like them okay so the thing about that
is that one week ago I changed my
Twitter bio to be I make savage videos
and 1 million people watch them and then
like in a few days from that I change it
to 1.1 and before I knew it I was
already at 1.2 and then I went to 1.3
and honestly my thumb is starting to get
sore because so many people are joining
the wolf em every single day I just
changed it to 1.4 today this past week
has just been insane I've been riding
this wave like I don't even I'm just so
fucking grateful for you guys and again
I know you guys are tired of hearing
this but I fucking love every single one
of you guys and then I'm not taking this
for granted I literally sit in my room
every day for like hours on hours on
hours brainstorming dropping videos
editing videos so I'm just gonna keep
trying to pump out bangers for you guys
and as many vlogs as I can on this
channel as possible I have not missed a
day in like weeks so I'm gonna try and
keep it that way
and I'm happy that I made it outside
before it is actually dark so getting
some sunlight in my day feeling good as
usual the cats are tanning Lionel just
ran inside but we're having a good day
to prove to you guys that I've been
grinding my ass off this is my dinner
from last night I didn't even realize I
had dinner from last night I think I ate
like one meal maybe maybe the shwarma I
barely get anything yesterday but now I
have this food for today and then salmon
is cooking and then I think my mom's
making what are you making potatoes
potato pancakes potato pancakes they're
what she get a prize for anybody that
knows what they're call what you don't
pay they're called potato pancakes
wasn't give you is show me
Oh Ukrainian yes Scouts oh but they
called yeah we're not telling okay guys
guess what it is the common no no guess
what it is in the comments right now but
my dad's gonna tell me in five seconds
so spoiler alert you're gonna know what
they are but yeah you know they're I do
they've already commented give me the
first letter no lack lack key yes Lackey
like that loves love what what luckiest
black pants latke yeah what is it
latkes a lot guys latkes here to
represent sure you get corrected in the
comments I know this would be crazy if
you believe shakin he's Jamaican what
does that mean why would you know what
it's called
oh all right guys if you got it right
give yourself a pat on the back because
I definitely didn't get it but I've
heard the word before
so yeah potato pancakes with some sheds
vegetables salad that Wolfie chicken
don't get the eggs from the farm Oh
Chris eggs I needed to say that for a
farm there guys are these eggs right
here came from our friends from
pasture-raised mystery chickens hey Rob
actually smooth decent fair river use
okay you're not French well that's
what's called that's what the place is
called this is maybe the first egg box
I've ever smelled that didn't smell like
outside shit
right ten words or phrases words it can
be a word or a phrase we're just going
to pick them out of how to write a song
about in three minutes so all right the
words more telling to give a few AutoCAD
visit now already the words this is a
challenge a challenge
I can write the words you already know
guys the first word guys my handwriting
is disgusting you guys can tell what's
going on in my mind right now
boom alright mom write the phrases so I
was going to go straight from editing my
one video to my other video but instead
I'm gonna do a partial workout but I'm
going to talk to Ryan on the phone
because I haven't talked to this guy in
ages and we got to do some catching up
but I'm gonna grind my workout while I'm
doing that because I'm super efficient
like that and then I'm gonna add in my
blog alright guys so I'm partway through
my workout our way through my FaceTime
with BAE and I ran into this beetle
looking ass I don't know if it's dead or
not but look how big this bug is hold on
let my camera focus I don't know if it's
alive or dead but what is that a beetle
a grasshopper why is its leg broken
trying to quit walk okay I'm gonna catch
it ready if it jumps we all die oh it's
dead it's definitely dead alright what
the fuck is that I don't know so I just
got off the phone with Ryan it's already
fucking nighttime the day has flown by
so fast but I'm gonna make it up to you
guys either by playing like a video game
I got in my last vlog or doing something
as soon as Sylvia gets back I gotta help
her film her nighttime routine and it's
nighttime so I think there's no better
time to do that and I think my brother's
doing something so most of today's vlog
is gonna be during the nighttime I hope
you guys don't mind but check this out I
forgot to cross off the red X for
yesterday but it is the 4th today we got
double red X today one more for the
tic-tac-toe looking ass okay so in my
new upload I told you guys to go crazy
on the lights in the comments and we are
breaking records in like 17 minutes we
have like 17,000 fucking likes what the
fuck thank you thank you thank you now I
gotta go help
Sylvia with her video because you know
we got to support each other okay we're
good
Oh what okay where are you going so
right now we are halfway through
Sylvia's video we're doing a scene up in
my room now so I'm setting up the big
camera DSLR we got it right there the
Lighting's right here the lighting is
kind of asked but Sylvia's bring up
another lane right now so we can get the
shot that we need an N that I think
we're gonna go out and get her vanilla
cone I think that's we're gonna do it is
already latest fuck its 105 but you guys
just see I just finished editing my
videos for the day and now I gotta help
Sylvia with her video for the day
doesn't matter if we stay up till 4:00
or 5:00 o'clock we've got to get the
grind done on your mark get set
okay come but the best part about
filming for Sylvia is that we get to go
to McDonald's and get a vanilla cone oh
my brother's answer me anyways you get
to go to McDonald's and get up another
cone partly for the shoot partly because
we wanted an Ocoee for ice cream Dustin
and Zach are at my parents gym right now
they're filming a video for my brother's
channel if I have time tonight and if
they're still filming the video I want
to drop by and just make sure they're
doing it good cuz they're doing
something pretty funny okay you guys
will see if if we get there in time but
right now we're going at the vanilla
cone quickly and then potentially go to
the gym are you moving around so much
you know how hard this is for me to vlog
as I move along when I vlog because I
like to walk it's like I'm talking on
the phone to you guys I don't know if
you guys do that comment down below hit
the thumbs up button if you guys walk a
lot while you're on the phone I'm
usually like this on the phone this is
the kind of footage you're gonna get if
that happens this is me on the phone
back and forth I know some of you guys
can relate to me I literally just struck
back and forth pacing that's what it's
called go back back back while I'm
talking I do the same thing while I'm
vlogging cuz it's like I'm talking
having a conversation with you wolf them
by the way I just switched shirts into
my summer tank top routine I got the
black tank top all I wear is tank tops
during the summer you guys know that by
now by watching these vlogs but
basically everything in my house I don't
know what laundry detergent we've been
using but I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
sure we've been using like this new
healthy laundry detergent I forget the
name but I think it's called like ass
something like that's everything I
fucking have somehow put it in the wash
comes out smells like ass
thank you guys if there's one thing that
Zach and Dustin are bad at its answering
their phone I've called these guys like
four times they told me to text them if
I was going to come to the gym because
they would let me know if they're still
there or not but I've texted them and
called them like three times each and
yeah they're not answering so I'm just
going to show up to the gym and hope
that they're there
what the hell are you doing he says hey
man is the point of that hay ride such a
bad job so we are at my parents gym
human 2.0 I see Dustin and my brother in
there I can see Dustin is wearing
football shoulder pads these guys have
been here for hours so I don't know what
the hell's going on right now basically
if you guys are from Ottawa Ontario you
guys should come to human 2.0 this is
the fucking spot you guys want to be at
you see my dad's face exposed right in
this bitch my mom's face exposed in this
bitch we out here it's about to do
something crazy
maxing engine see man just jump through
saran wrap it's good fucking crazy whose
man is this thank you
I'm coming one sec mother filming I'm
just gonna kick this thing around boom
look at that Akron boom I'm beast one
more
okay okay okay oh I almost killed myself
not doing that anymore
literally they have a wall of saran wrap
that's what they made a wall a wall of
saran wrap but yeah check it out over
here's where I give all the bad bitches
massages right here here bad bitch
number five six okay Jim uh what else do
we got
so I benchpress the bitches boom boom
boom squat racks on deck look at this
angle
Sylvia's chasing me all right okay look
at all these barbells barbells over
there green thing over here big over
here nothing this is this way I wrote
the bitches up these ropes got ropes
here rings I give them these rings
propose to these hoes no it's too hot
the fuck is ready to did I go up your
butt come to human 2.0 watch Wolfie work
out
can't be too loud cuz they're filming
but hit that thumbs up on you a
muscle-up have no mono forever I
probably can do it okay one sec okay I
got wolf am on this bitch here we go I
can't do it can't do any more okay so
for my brothers video I'm not going to
show you the final product of what
happens at Dustin but he's gonna jump
through some saran wrap and if you want
to see the rest of the video he's gonna
try and jump to some Cerreta and the
rest of the video is gonna be on my
brother's channel so Rory Rainer you
know the deal I'm just going to show my
reaction if you guys want to see the
actual video you can go to my brother's
channel to see it but this is my
reaction to
fuck yeah what are you doing
was it Lisa there
so we're cleaning up the video the video
is a wrap now but Dustin showed me this
cool thing you could do with these
elastic bands so he's going to attach
the elastic bands to this pole and
you're going to see how fast they fly
I'll get a full angle for this jeez
they fly I could definitely hurt
somebody now I would like to see someone
stand in front of those ten thousand
billion likes and I won't do it I'll
never do that so I just got home that
was fucking insane if you guys want to
see Zach and Dustin injure themselves go
to my brother's channel youtube.com
slash Rory Rayner I'll leave it right
here these guys are Loki a little bit
savage right when you're done my vlog
make sure to go to that video and show
my brother some love comment wolf fam
says hey and leave a big thumbs up on
his video - guys I just need to show
this off cuz look at how clean my
desktop is right now yesterday it had so
much shit all across these fucking
screens and then today I was just like
you know what I don't want you on my
screen anymore I'm done with you so I
deleted like basically everything and
then organized this stuff I needed into
like one folder so everything is super
clean now so my bathroom is clean my
screen is clean like I'm feeling nice
Raina I'm fucking clean I took a shower
not too long ago time to play some
fucking video games so basically I used
to play this game it's called rocket
League it's pretty fucking addicting
it's pretty damn simple to learn
basically you're just this car so I have
a nice blue car with a fucking heart on
the back and your goal as the car is to
kick a soccer ball around and score on
the net that's all you got to do so keep
these skills fam
I haven't even played in a minute and
I'm still gonna fuckin whoop some online
ass right now peep this I'm about to
communicate with this guy tell him I got
the ball I got it I got it yeah let me
get it yeah he this guy's an idiot this
guy's an idiot I said I got the ball I
said I got the ball look at this man
look at this this is me if I got it then
why are you going for a bro I called it
I fucking called it in the chat I said I
got it bro what you saying what to do
alright this balls mine Gilly boom look
at that gold look at that goal off the
bat
get out of here bro yeah get out of here
right off the bat just to quickly go
flick flick of the wrist here we go boom
look at that look at that control look
at this control I float off nicely and
just give it a love tap
I'll take it look at this this guy's
trying to mess with me yeah I get the
fuck out of here bro don't ever mess a
roofie some call me King Wolfie the God
look at this control dawg
look at this control for him oh no these
guys played themselves they played
themselves they didn't think Wolfie was
just gonna come and grab that ball and
place it in the net pass this play
though I kicked it off the wall Mert
this guy and then shot it in the corner
okay I'm done I'm done I'm done working
these kids so as you guys can see I've
played a little bit of rocket League in
my day like every time I would take a
break from studying I would always play
rocket League and I've played a pretty
damn long time in this game I'm not like
the best player but a lot of people play
on ps4 xbox but I learned to play with
the keyboard it is pretty damn hard to
play with the keyboard but I mastered it
just from playing a lot honestly it's
getting pretty late it's 4:00 in the
morning I don't know why I'm still awake
but I'm wide awake
I haven't even yawn yet but I have to
end the vlog off here today toby is
downstairs sleeping because she can't
sleep when I'm talking and I told her I
was gonna be vlogging so I have to go
wake her up and then bring her up here
because she doesn't want to sleep with
the spiders downstairs even though
there's no more spider she just wants to
come up with King anyways I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up the
thumbs up game on this channel has been
crazy lately so let's see if we can
smash 14,000 likes and if you guys made
it this far in today's vlog I want you
to comment something down below just so
that I know you made it this far comment
down below ghetto Iron Man
I want you guys to comment ghetto Iron
Man I'm sure by now you guys have seen
my hundred layer video where I put a
hundred layers of duct tape on my face
if you haven't seen it go to my damn
main channel and watch it right now
oh yeah comment ghetto Iron Man in the
comments below so I knew you guys are
true wolf em and I will be replying to a
bunch you guys who do it anyways thanks
for watching and I will see
guys soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage Yakko
