good morning ay yo what's good Superboy
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie today
me and Sylvia have a bunch of stuff to
do we're gonna start off the day by
going to the costume store he needs to
buy some certain type of makeup there
and I need to buy something to put on my
face there I told Sylvia in the morning
that she has like five minutes to get
ready because we're in a bit of a rush
today it's been like half an hour and
this girl is still downstairs getting
ready so I'm about to go interrupt her
I'll grab a wallet so she'll need to
come back upstairs but if she is not
ready girls I don't know why you guys
always take ten years I was already in
two minutes the model himself is up on
the perch
Lionel do a pose do a pose for the
camera oh they're looking into the
distance pose I like that I like that I
like that it's been half an hour that's
45 minutes have passed my ironing a
shirt right there iron straightening
iron not regular is there any spiders
today oh is the spider right here on the
edge on the edge right here easiest
prank on your girlfriend I was on
Twitter and in my little like bio right
here it said 1.2 million yesterday and
mad people have been tweeting at me
they're like yo you hit 1.3 million you
need to update that shit so thank you
thank you for giving me warning that I
hit 1.3 million I can't even keep up
right now I'm not used to these numbers
so I changed it hold on the focus let it
focus let her focus I changed it to 1.3
million people fuck with me hopefully we
can make that 2 million in the future I
got the supplies Michael Jackson's here
full effect
some creepy masked in the store that's
me this is Sylvia's twin of the shark
helmet I mask so you get this
you can roll we're just wearing a red
tank top guys I found a crown for King
Wolfie it's not the nicest coming but
it's gonna do the job yeah it's too
small for my head look at this I was
thinking about getting these boils and
then pranking my mom saying I got them
unlike my armpit or something because in
sender picture she would shit herself
got it fits now look at all these hats
so I just got what I needed from the
little costume store we found it's kind
of like Haiti but it has like everything
you could possibly want costume wise so
Sylvia is grabbing her makeup stuff this
powder Ben Nye shit and then I think
we're gonna grab some food and then head
back to the location because this place
is like as far as you can possibly get
away from my house not as far as you can
possibly get but pretty far so she got
her stuff I got my stuff now to find
some healthy food maybe a salad or
something around the area and then film
and then I have a soccer game tonight
last week I missed the soccer game with
the boys but tonight I'm making it your
boy wolf he's on his defense
I don't know until he's dating and
hopefully we're gonna kill it last game
we won seven to one so I want to keep
that streak going even though I played
defense I want to get a goal of this
game that's my goal whose dominoes
shark-fin looking ass is this man hey
here guys we just went past a store
called you break I fixed
I guess they fix like cracked screen
phones or whatever I thought it was a
break like uber or something but it was
just you break I fix like I can't help
but pronounce it like you break I fix
some like Asian looking store they found
it so funny and I don't know why but
anyways if they fix things we should go
to fix my toys because if I read they
can probably hook it up for like 30
bucks I'm down let's go you should just
get an iPhone 6 who have that kind of
money yeah but are you gonna bet one
guy's she says who uses an iPhone 5 in
the comments let me know or do you use
an iPhone 6 and if your team Android you
can just like just don't bother
commenting ok nobody out here all has an
iPhone 6 or 6s plus anyways we're on the
way to some Sally beauty salon for
Sylvia I'm gonna get a hair toner so
then my hair consistent 1.6 I think I
know where it is because when I used to
dye my hair I dyed it like blonde and I
tried going for silver like a wolf that
failed completely so I asked him I'm
like is there Sally's Beauty Salon here
like just really not expecting him to
know what the heck I'm talking about
he's like oh yeah I know exactly where
that is like wow
dinah there more than I have yeah we're
going the wrong way just got to the nail
salon I know the beauty salon right
there okay it's not oh yeah it is
they're all I gotta say is Cartman what
are you saying what are you saying why
is this 600 carts chilly outside of the
parking lot they're about to block all
the traffic get a mani-pedi on guys I
don't do my nails anymore I'm I'm
addicted by turnout so we're in the pet
store looking if there's any dogs and we
only found cats fish some fucking
spiders and shit like that I haven't
found the dogs yet but so he's on the
phone as soon as she gets off the phone
you already know she is gonna be
ecstatic about searching for these dogs
I guess this is the training zone where
they train the dogs pet training I might
throw Silvia in there turns out there
was no actual dogs in the store other
than like bringing them for your daycare
and like to get groomed and stuff like
that they didn't sell any dogs we did
not come in the store expecting to buy a
dog but you know it's always nice to see
them in person instead of like on a
website and it's kind of good that
there's no like puppies there because if
there was Silvia wouldn't went crazy
so we'll keep looking in the future and
then if something pops up you know we'll
see we want a unique dog a palm ski I
read that in the comments and they're a
cutest fuck so I don't know where to get
one of those but I want one of those
first time coming in my room all year
where it's actually colder than the rest
of my house usually my room is a fucking
sauna everyone has ever been here knows
it's a sauna
I think the vents might be a little
fucked like going to my room that's why
I just don't get the cold air but right
now it's a nice temperature so I'm just
about to film in my room but I want to
show you guys this new song I just
dropped ooh
party next door and quavo out god it's
called cuffed up I'm addicted to it
it's nice time just me my in the drop
time she fell in love with a player she
want to go to Barbados everywhere no not
in there don't go down there you're
right this doesn't like shit or I could
just be you I am
don't let your girlfriend joke around on
your channel hmm sorry drawing yeah guys
I'm not gonna lie this this stuff feels
so weird on my face right now I don't
know how actors do it like Johnny Depp
I'm not Johnny Depp the octopus in
Pirates of the Caribbean captain
sparkles this little brush that would
take so long they're probably just
expecting he was just see like little
cuts they're like not wolfies faceless
it's like not volcano nose yeah yeah I
don't wanna near my nose yeah sure
all right guys so I just finished the
video it went super super successful I
still have duct tape around here we got
some supplies over here and I bought a
little a little too much duct tape maybe
like twice what I was supposed to
actually buy but expect an absolute
banger on the main channel I'm just a
fucking I'm stoked oh yeah look at that
liquid latex it's peeling off like legit
skin peels I feel like it literally
looks like skin oh wow that's so beauty
liquid latex is fucking dope I want to
work with that again got my socks and my
shin guards on we are off to the soccer
game that whoop some ass look at Charlie
little soccer player like a mother okay
this is the team you got this it'll go
kick some ass yes go boyfriend that's
not a boyfriend okay yeah you go do what
you got to do to beat these guys
yeah well though you can come in the
middle wherever we got a good view all
right so the game is over my phone just
dropped anyways
I definitely forgot to vlog any of the
game my bad
how do you feel about that no I told you
I hope you'll be 120 nothing is what it
is looks like it yeah we just won five
nothing next game we're gonna go 40
nothing alright guys I just took a
shower we ended up actually losing the
game which is weird but it's all good
we're gonna come back next week and
spank the kids we were a little bit off
our game this week but you know the
great person master once said you win
some you lose some
don't win something no into whatever
anyways me and Silvia are gonna go to
the boys house for a bit I have DJ
sweater somewhere in my in my room I
think Sylvia took it so I'm gonna bring
that back to him I also have a few
pieces of fan mail that I need to bring
to the boys at the house so my hands are
gonna be full on the way to their house
I didn't vlog while I was at the boys
house but I have two things to say one I
parked outside the boy's house and I was
like a knock at the door and I was
wondering what the hell it was so jack
goes out to talk to the person it's an
old lady and she's like complaining
about how one of us has our car either
parked in front of her house or
something can you turn the light on so I
can see your face yeah she comes off so
rude she's like turn the light on so I
can see your face like put some respect
on dad's name anyways so they start
talking for a bit and then Jack comes in
he's like yo I think like one of our
cars is making noise or something so I
go out and I in my conscious mind as I
could I can't park in front of this
girl's house so I didn't Park in forever
house I locked my door I thought my
alarm was going off or something with
this girl legit she thought that the
crickets were my car Lam so she's like
do you not hear that do you not hear
that boy what are you talking about
there's no noise out here and then I'm
like thinking I'm like what noise about
here the only
get here was crooked legit yeah so I
turned my car I was like Kate like maybe
my car is making some weird noise that I
don't know anything about so I turned my
car on and the noise stopped completely
and I was like eh maybe my car isn't
making some weird trippy noise but Noah
then two seconds later the crickets came
again and then she just went from being
like honestly just a bitch to like
pretty nice like cuz I was nice as hell
I was nice the whole time so that that's
one thing that happened and then the
second thing that happened is I got a
shawarma because honestly after that
soccer game like that destroyed me and
I've only eaten by barely anything today
so I was like fuck it I'll get a
stronger they're not that bad for you
but the guy loaded them up because it's
11:50 1:00 at night they closed it like
12:30 or something so they're just
looking to get rid of the chicken right
now life hack number five 65 from wolfy
taught you guys this before from Thai
Express go to someplace before it's
about to close and they need to get rid
of the food because then you're gonna
get a lot more food so I got you guys
saying there's a new driver in my house
trying to learn how to get there g1
let's see about this I don't have my
license so I don't know how I've been
driving because I'm only like 12 years
old but I could use this book to study
you got a spot 90 meters behind a big
truck 60 meters behind the car at 80
pound silvia got someone she's unboxing
such a big girl I'm so proud of her she
can unbox things by yourself let me go
do my nighttime routine of what is that
I might be cat puke I'm gonna fuckin
throw up anyways
disrupting the cats while they sleep
Cleo she moved finally you want some Oh
Oh rub your belly come on put it out put
it out
there you go look at him Cleo stuck
under my shirt pretty fuckin late me and
so we're just chilling we're about to go
to bed but she is on her dog hunting
spree but she's just looking up dogs
right now it's probably not gonna go to
bed for the next hour after she gets on
like her dog hunting spree she'll just
go hunting and hunting and hunting and
find the cutest puppies this might be
the first time in history that I
actually go to bed before Sylvia cuz I'm
pretty tired she'll probably still fall
asleep before me but I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up we've been
ending over 12 K so let's raise the bar
to 14 K let's see if we can get 14
thousand likes on this
and if you guys made it this far in
today's vlog I fucking love you guys and
I want you to comment down below so that
I know you made it this far in today's
vlog comment this is a sticky situation
you guys will see why in a few days but
I want you guys to comment down below
this is a sticky situation anyways that
is it for today's vlog and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage
