good morning hey yo what's gonna cheer
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy even
though it's 4 p.m. and I'm just
finishing editing my one video and even
though I still have to edit my vlog
guess what I woke up to see this see
that name wolfy raps number 167 thousand
in the past 24 hours guys that means
I've gained the most subscribers on all
of YouTube in the past 24 hours do you
understand that wolf fam we are on fire
I know we're not gonna stay there but I
remember like back in the day when I was
at like 100 K and then I went from 100 K
to 200 K pretty quick I was like rank
number 34 on that list and I was like
between ksi and someone else that was
crazy to me before but this this is a
whole new level of crazy like I know
it's only temporary but look at the
names up here pewdiepie is there marina
Joyce ma'am marina Joyce is there
fucking dude perfect
and then more wolfy is poppin - at
number 25 guys this is absolutely huge
I'm gonna fuckin bless mood right now
like I feel like I'm floating on clouds
so like I said even though I gotta edit
it's all good
I got a nice fruit smoothie here I just
drank a bunch of water yo I'm feeling
nice k so as many of you guys know I
shaved my armpits I don't know why I
shave my armpits I like just not having
too much hair on my body but once in
every 10 times I shaved my armpits I get
a rash under my armpit and it really
itches and right now I have that rash
not on this armpit I'm sorry you have to
see this but it is what it is this is
where you give any kind of my channel
but this armpit okay close your eyes if
you get nauseous easily this this is
about to be a bumpy ride this is what my
other armpit looks like look how red it
is in the corner I think it's like a
rashers I don't think it's Exuma but I
think it's just like a rash and I can't
stop itching it because it's so damn
itchy so guys this is where it's really
irritated right here it feels so good to
touch but I can't touch it like I
literally just want to itch it I've been
putting baby powder on because I know
it's been like because it's in a crease
every time I move my arms or something
like this it shapes kind of like when
people have their legs chase but my
armpit so I might put vaseline on there
something because I need to lube it up
because it's really irritating me but I
got my two water bowl I don't have a
receipt but Dustin said we bring them
back I can get ten bucks back for each
one it cost $15 so technically I'm only
spending like five for the actual water
and I'm cheap so I'm gonna return to
Justin today
Dustin said yeah Justin also Jim that he
didn't get the hammock in the backyard
see how do you do
I told you it's Justin after you diet
this is definitely her trainer on me
well put him in Shula
I think I heard your dad say you got it
from Bob's Burgers the way you gotta do
is you got to pop your trunk without
using any hands just go you magic look
at that
put it in here all my cleaning supplies
back there it's huge
my trunk is huge I can thicken put it up
vertically not even horizontally but
look at this crazy magic trick guys only
people named Wolfie can do this but I'm
gonna teach you guys how to do a trick
and scare your friends some keys have a
button that you can open your trunk with
but a lot of cars don't have that button
so go up to your friends and be like
watch I'm gonna use some magic to open
up this trunk with no hands and then
just stare your trunk give it the death
stare and go like this Abra curry good
hey like so I'll do it again joy open up
if anybody asks that's not my boyfriend
that's not my boyfriend we're dating
never not we're dating I don't think
we're dating
who's that generally why am I getting in
this car I'm thinking we're gonna scar
we are at the location Silvia open it
hold on what try it again
three two one didn't everyone's looking
at you like an idiot Hey
all right you got the water bottles can
you do everyone on camera a favorite
they'll like you in the vlogs they want
you to make your own vlogging channel
but what I need you to do is sing from
sing for me again we all know you love
to sing and you're such a great singer
so hit a note hit a note okay go no one
lasts not one Berthillon till we got the
$20 back there were ten dollars each the
deposit went through smoothly easy as
fuck can I tell them all right okay let
me just talk to you about how I have the
sweetest boyfriend and the whole world
because there's two ladies ahead of us
and they were trying to buy a pack of
garbage bags and they didn't have enough
money on them so my ginormous Packer
garbage bags so Charlie offered to buy
it for them and I
wolfies actually that he was going
towards my car and how he knows he knows
it's King wolves car so he's back stop
beeping seagull 1 2 this and the guy
tipped you're not hard don't come here
King wolf you're not hard
don't come you're not that hard get in
the car
Julia do you got a bay or not lacus
Joker 2016 so this is the stuff I ended
up getting it is eczema relief cream I
don't think it's exam abut it helps
really really dry skin so basically when
I used to use moisturizer on my face I
used to use this brand so I trust it it
was one for twenty dollars that was like
half the size of that one and Silvio's
trying to get me that money so I got it
hopefully this works so I go to the
front door to get my flip-flops and
they're gone and I'm like where the fuck
did I put them cuz I just came inside
and I look down the street why are you
wearing my flip-flops your snake is yeah
I need them my dad stole my flip-flops
whose man is this
just cuz we have the same feet doesn't
mean you can rob my stuff buddy right
Cleo right I played myself shaving this
is what I should have got instead flash
and go Express hair removal
look how dank that looks as you gave me
nothing I'm cheese chokes you eat jam
pack holy crap wolf am i will fans real
right now we got stuff on stuff on stuff
plus we have packages you guys actually
send me packages this time thank you so
in total you guys send a bunch of boxes
and a stupid amount of mail so holy crap
I wasn't expecting to get that much I
think I came here like two weeks ago and
I think Jed and Sean might have come
here recently so I legit was expecting
maybe one tenth of that but fuck the
support is crazy let's get it so I just
got to the boys house I'm gonna drop off
a few packages for them because a bunch
of for me but a bunch are for t-mobile
in general so I got to give those to the
boys so that we can all open those on
camera okay so I'm going to be opening
up a few of the boxes and gifts you guys
sent me I'm gonna start with this box
you know I like the feel
boxes this one feels really sturdy
there's no shaking anything inside of it
so I got Sylvia's little makeup palette
the Kabuki brush and she's right there
so this one is from Brittany from
Calgary Shawna to Calgary dear Wolfie
since I was 13 I believe that light
skins ruined lives hmm
one day Silvia Gani popped into my
YouTube suggestions tab and the video
was her morning routine with you she
found you for me to be you know o rare
you seems like a cool guy despite the
fact of your light skin so I click the
link and started to watch your videos I
live in Calgary and every light-skinned
here is a fuck-boy so thank you for
changing my view on light skins you're
probably the realest nigga in t-mobile
and that's probably never gonna change
woo some Frank's Red Hot Frank's Red Hot
slamming Toronto see this Dave they know
I'm the real sriracha God thank you for
this this will probably be done within a
week if I just keep eating my burritos
and stuff so Thank You Brittany the next
one we got is from Olivia from
Washington oh yeah boy Wolfie raps I
like this because my nose is smaller in
the picture and I like a lot better this
is accurate what else we got more paper
hey Wolfie my name is Olivia and I love
your channel also congratulations on 800
K maybe your channel will be as big as
your nose one day alright I'm done I'm
done this can you tell team albo I said
hi I can easily do that and also tell
Sylvia and your mom question mark I got
you Sylvia Olivia says hi hallelujah
she says hi all right what do we got
next woo hold up there's a bunch of
stuff in this one oh my god Tomb Raider
for ps4 since you entertain me so much
with all your banger videos you put out
I decided to give you something that can
hopefully entertain you as well sorry if
these games are shit but your girl is
broke as fuck it's all good
this is amazing thank you I think it
would be funny for you to do a team
alpha UFC tournament of course of course
it would if you played this on more
wolfie I would die I am definitely gonna
play UFC I think this is the original
UFC this is gonna be hilarious I got you
don't worry also got a kit kat lots of
chocolate bars shot into diet Wolfie I
mean Ryan even got his first fan mail
running through Hayes Brian's gonna be
super happy
see this I'll put this in a Ryan pile
with the garbage thank you very much
grace this is fucking greatly
appreciated there's also a note about
each person in a bow I will give that to
them as soon as I go to the boy's house
next what else do we got one direction
stickers even some party shapes I'm
gonna put these on right now
your boy wolfies got his water pump okay
the next thing we got has a picture of a
lock on it and it says Wolfie only so
you know I'm assuming it's for your boy
Wolfie and this one is from Aden from
Ohio
okay okay okay I thought I thought up
something bad for so long the pink pig
is for your phone when you're at a table
or something you can stick the pig to
the back of your phone Oh
frigging Pig hold your phone up so
basically you put it on your phone like
this and then you can set it down and it
holds your phone up I love your videos
please make more and PS look up the
world's largest nose on Google and look
up Squidward Chris Nick you should do
the smoothie challenge I might do this
with your challenge in the future
get ready thank you and the last package
of the day is huge it has a lot of stuff
in it this one is from Gabi from Miami
Florida oh my god so we got a bunch of
stuff in your eyes we two cans of
condensed milk for DJ this is fuckin
hilarious I will give those to DJ
tomorrow cinnamon bun Oreo is for Sean
Sean is gonna love those I have a tiara
I guess you're implying I'm cleaning
Wolfie you know what I'll fuckin wear it
I'll rock a tiara all right King Wolfie
dad got this little Finding Nemo visor
and David
okay king of sriracha got the sriracha
shut it to you Gabby you know elbow very
fucking well I don't we each got a
separate letter I'm just gonna read mine
I will save the one that's for albo so
I'll wait till I'm with all the boys for
that jab with a chip Sean spelled SH a
WN Charlie why are they that's throwback
as fuck holy shit David ake a big dick
Dave and Daniel you know I prefer Donald
oh my god you literally put a full
article on how to stay on a diet
and maintain weight and then all the
bottom it says hashtag save diet Dave I
will give diet Dave tips diet Wolfie has
been on his game you know what's good
it's a girl Gabby lmao I really wanted
to do that she'll if you Gabby thank you
for busting your ass and always pushing
old bangers always leave a like and
comment on all your videos and I love
interacting with other members of the
wolf femme
oh shut up to all the wolf and talking
to Gabby but young Charles I have a dare
for you if you reach forty five thousand
likes on your next video I'm gonna reach
that you have to dye your hair red like
you did in your light skins be like mitt
unless you're a sus it don't want to do
it whoa don't call me sister I'm gonna
fucking do it PS can you shut out Iggy
and Alicia yes shout out to Iggy and
Alicia I have to make a trip to the boys
house tomorrow to drop off all this
stuff I'm sure DJ is just dying without
his condensed milk last time I talked to
him he was running pretty low so we got
to get this shit to them ASAP but yeah
that is it for the fan mail opening
today I hope you guys enjoyed it and
just keeps enemy shit link in the
description so I just uploaded my video
for the maintenance called I quit
basically all lowercase like all my
videos are usually all like caps lock I
never put lowercase letters so I wanted
to fuck with people's heads and the
video is doing nice but it has so many
comments so many people are worried that
I actually quit YouTube you know your
boy wolfies not quitting YouTube because
guess why because wolf fam is already at
1.3 million what is going on right now
we are like 68 thousand subscribers
today I can't even talk I'm just excited
I'm dropping good content I'm loving
YouTube right now so this is just
amazing amazing I still have to work out
today I really not feeling a workout
right now because I'm just amped about
YouTube I just want to reply to comments
and reply to people but I gotta get a
hold of myself I'm gonna go downstairs
in like ten minutes have a big glass of
water and do a quick workout because I
gotta get that red X like why are you
still moving oh my god this is crazy
update on the armpit so they just put
some cream on it it really really like
itches and burns it's annoying me I was
gonna have a piece of bread but as you
can see I think this bread what do I
mean I think this bread is stale as fuck
like listen to this it's just like
unedible it only cost a dollar fifty
Sylvia buy the other day so you get out
of here I can't snack on you why are
these pears still hard
I want my soft pears from cheese
anyways
is upstairs looking up dogs in the vlog
that I just dropped I told you guys to
comment some cute puppies are like no
cute full-grown dogs that are still
small
because in Sylvia's mind she has the
thought that we're gonna get a more key
basically the dog that fuzzy has dollar
but I was reading through the comments
on the vlog and a lot of people set a
palm ski which is I guess a Pomeranian
husky and I like Huskies a lot so he
doesn't want big dog but I'm down bro
she's upstairs looking on these dog
websites for the thing about these dog
websites is that the people selling the
dogs are really good at breeding the
dogs and like teaching them how to sit
getting the shots they do all that for
you but the thing that they don't do is
set up the websites good so you go on
these sites and they look like they're
set up by like a 95 year old they don't
look new they don't look modern and they
usually have like beat colors so we
don't know like what site is legit or
not if they can ship the dogs to us or
not like there's just so many
complications right now but we're just
still looking for like cute dogs
boyfriends guys anyone that's talking to
a girl right now if you guys ever get
into a fight take the words from the
wise boy wolfy to show the girl a
picture of a puppy and everything will
be solved instantly if these pairs are
soft oh stop this the pairs out there
soft this one's hard hard pair don't be
disrespecting me in my house heat I was
half done you but these ones are soft
guys this is the sign of you eating a
blessed pair you don't want to hear that
crunch you don't want that crunch you
want this sound mmm
the squishiness so I'm at the grocery
store pretty late at night I'm looking
for a face mask for some some project
I'm working on I'm also gonna grab not
groceries but I need to get this snack
I'm not going to eat the snack don't
worry diet wolfy still alive but the
snack is going to be used proudly on
your boy in some place I'm not going to
say where match it's on sale in this
aisle so that's a good time all right
scratch the food idea we're gonna do gum
but scratch the gum idea I've been
brainstorming I think that's gonna work
really bad so I'm thinking of something
that's actually gonna work and I think I
think I found it
I think duct tape is the winner so I'm
gonna grab a bunch of this and buy a
bunch I mean probably all of it there is
no more duct tape in this aisle I
grabbed it oh I can grab it
so hopefully this is enough I'm praying
but you know everything goes wrong for
wolfy all the time so I got all my duct
tape at home and it's ready to go for
tomorrow
I think I'm filming either tomorrow or
the next day right now some positive
news my armpit is feeling a lot better I
put the cream on twice so far since I
bought it today and it's feeling a lot
less irritated so I think I can actually
fall asleep tonight at a reasonable time
actually it's 2:15 in the morning so I
lied about that black me and Sylvia have
a really busy day tomorrow so I'm gonna
end the vlog off now I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did make sure to give it
a big thumbs up we've been smashing
12,000 likes on all the videos so far so
go hit that like button and if you guys
made it this far in today's vlog I love
you guys and I want you to comment
something down below just so that I know
you made it this far
comment soft pairs are better than hard
pairs soft pairs are better than hard
pairs because we all know that the soft
and squishy pairs are fucking way better
than those damn hard crunchy pairs team
soft pair let's get it anyways again I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
than my main channel and as always stay
savage yeah
