good morning hey yo what system where
wolfy today is a beautiful day outside
me and Silvia just went to the grocery
store to pick up some coffee meat
I ran out of coffee mate and you know
how I don't like my coffee black I like
it with the hazelnuts hidden inside I
got the coffee mate about to make some
coffees and me and Celia are actually
gonna do an all day filming date today
me and her a video idea that we need to
grind out for her channel then I have to
do reacting to cringey musically slash
re-enacting the crazy music news with it
because I promise that for like the past
I don't know maybe like two three weeks
now and I haven't done it yet so I'm
gonna get on that and then next is my
mom so that's the plan for today
hopefully it goes well
hopefully my basketball shooting skills
are better than my gum spitting skills
here we go
hey what Illuminati Illuminati it
bounced off here hold on
hey there we go left hand switch it up
with the left that you only got my box
water here coffee box water same you
what it's box water what is that what
does that say you speak French
who speaks French what does that mean
same yeah but you didn't know guys me
and Sylvia are puppy shopping even
though we're never gonna get one but
look at this puppy he is the cutest
puppy he has like a light brown caramel
coat look at his rare edition he's like
a collector card teddy bear face tiny
toy chocolate male Yorkie look at that
nose
he's like my skin tone you would work
perfectly with me my car will be junior
so this guy may be the one
he's ten weeks old we're in beautiful
shots only 1 in every 10,000 okay like
goodies rare cuz you never see them like
that yeah exactly
but but he's not now keep him up because
compared to these ones he's way cooler
than them I will go back to make her
marquise in Toronto because that's
closer to us guys I think I found the
ugliest dog in the world
yeah yorkie poo he's actually so what's
wrong with his tongue we mean Yorkie
poodle I'm gonna mangle I this is a
really hideous dog no they just didn't
take care of his fur property because he
has poodle fur you can see it's fluffy I
don't read it it's fuzzy your are cure
key more key yeah I did it you are oh is
that kind of like murky he's cute I'd be
like more cute Avast yorkie poo is first
of all it's an ugly name for a dog and
it's about the dog comment down below
what dog you guys want me to get if I
were to get a dog don't listen to Soviet
seconds what's it what's like the
smallest dog that's gonna stay kind of
small it's the cutest for the longest
period of time but I'm going to get a
poodle I don't like those racer dogs
comment that down below so I have some
idea of what to get if I get something
guys I have a challenge for you you know
those optical illusions I was looking at
like a few vlogs ago I have one for you
guys right now I'm gonna show you a
picture it has a dog on it somewhere so
see if you can spot the dog ready here
is the picture where is the dog thank
you nobody knows what zoom it I'll give
you a nice zoom in where's the dog
where's the dog I just don't understand
beer yes
did you watch my vid then usually no
it's on that threw them in the wash and
now I'm trying to wash them they won't
spin out
oh we're gonna have to throw them out
this one's in size extra extra why is
this puppy more than my house it's only
to dipping why is this puppy
$8,500 right there $4,500 Ella just
ridiculous prices right
teacup Maltipoo what's a Maltipoo a
Maltese golden girl go down to that one
what are you doing you guys I need to
address something to you guys quick see
Sylvia's hat pulled on let me bring it
over here
go inside all right follow me
bring it downstairs few more steps to go
stay with me here we go
so as you can see this is Sylvia's hat
like I said so tell me why why just want
shit down here tell me why it's the same
material as my couch
where's the Hat where it where's the Hat
I don't even know where the Hat is
anymore
it's like she just took out the material
of my couch threw it on the edge of a
hat and then that's the Hat like where
where is it find the Hat nobody knows
this cowskin looking ass material I'm
teased cowhide runescape looking ass on
your damn cowhides making your frigging
leather and shit nothing like that so
right now I'm in the car we are going
house shopping potential house shopping
I got the whole squad here my dad's here
my sister's here Sylvia my mom and
Oh oh yeah we're going to one of the
fucked in rich neighborhoods in Ottawa I
just want to check out the houses and
then we're also checking out different
condos potential houses no guarantees
yet no puppy guarantees nothing like
that but one thing that is guaranteed is
this guy shorts are really really hard
they're really like apparently this is
where the nice houses are but I think my
mom is leading us into a trap this is
where I learn how to drive I think God
took me how point these hills and you're
just like these water they like get over
there right over on one of these hills
you like control the car on the hill the
manual car so where I learned how to
drive young wolfy whoa that house up
there Oh yo yo yo yo we're downtown
Ottawa right now there's mad people
walking everywhere but look at this
does that know that's the Chateau
Laurier and Chateau is the mic on that's
pretty cool yeah there's so many people
out right now downtown because today is
a civic holiday which means most people
are working so everyone's out in about
it's a nice day those guys that stand up
and can't move they have to look forward
all day we spotted them my goal is to
make one of those guys smile before I
die we'll do that right now we're going
into some nice neighborhoods I don't
even know this part was a part of Ottawa
but that house is fucking huge huge ok
now we're at the big houses I might buy
a house for myself buy a house for like
my cat hope he gets house
yeah you're buying them all and the hell
live in them
your get out you get out you get look
under your seat you get a house you know
you have too much money when you're
wearing all polo and you're like 7 years
old practice in your golf form on your
friend Lauren on your front lawn there's
a skating rink in this backyard
come on bro give us everybody that's
about three bucks
you just even show so I got my little
treat for the day my nice Oreo McFlurry
sitting out the back now it's nice
outside and my armpits super itchy
outside I got my sleeves rolled up but I
think me and Sylvia about to film and
like maybe half an hour I just need some
sitting time because we were out for
like I think the past four hours we're
just cruising around looking at these
houses and stuff so my long body and you
go up the stairs go to the front door
and look on the ground to the right so
me and Sophia just finished filming
possibly the most cringy video I have
ever done I know a lot of you guys have
been asking me to do recreating the cute
couples music please because we did
recreating cute couples poses on
Sylvia's channel and we're actually
doing a part two to that soon for her
channel but I want to do attempt to
musically is it honestly like I don't
even want to edit the footage I'm gonna
edit the footage but I really don't want
to because that's how cringe it is like
it was cringe to film cringe to watch
and it's gonna be cringe for me to even
rewatch me and Sylvia doing it when I'm
editing it so I didn't download
musically to film it so I fell into my
webcam and on my phone in my pocket so
it's just gonna be a shit show to put
together I'm sure I'll get it done but I
don't think I'm gonna start editing that
video for like maybe the next one to two
weeks I have a bunch of other banger
videos I'm gonna drop before that I
thought it was gonna be easier then it
turned out to be not because music these
are hard to make cuz I've made like a
few music leaves here they're just to
try it out but because we're trying to
know the words to the song and literally
mimic the exact hand motions that people
are doing and it just I don't even want
to say anything you guys will see it so
now Sylvia is going upstairs actually
she's setting up her video right there
and then we're gonna film recreating two
couples poses which is a lot easier
because it's pictures right now I've got
the extension cord plug in the light
here's what we do it right in this room
this is where we're gonna be filming the
light needs to be on this is gonna go a
lot more smooth than
behind-the-scenes on set we are halfway
through the video and it's looking good
a lot better than my video it involves a
lot of you know cute couple things
cute couple poses and all that so the
video is but cute couple
goal relationship things stuff like that
but I am starving so I'm ready to finish
this video I think there's burgers
waiting upstairs I'm gonna muck them as
soon as we're done filming look at this
lighting go I can't even see if the
cameras focus thanks lady so I gotta
drive Silvia somewhere quick I got my
little burger here she's gonna feed it
to me in the car you gotta grab my keys
in my room all growl okay so we're just
gonna go watching The Bachelor is it The
Bachelor The Bachelor I think it's a
bachelor finale at a pub so I have to
make it there before it's too packed
please tell me there's an energy drink
or something in here oh I drank them all
I'm so tired we just filmed two videos
so I need some liquid a Red Bull or
something your boy is making a
late-night coffee because I'm exhausted
as fuck right now but I got a grind out
editing this vlog till you still have
the restaurant to watch The Bachelor The
Bachelorette I don't know which one it
is I think it's the bachelor
bachelorette I think it's the bachelor I
don't know thanks Sebastian right so I
gotta put some coffee mate
more coffee mate than what I put in this
one and sugary because I like my coffee
sugary and then by the time Sylvia comes
home later I think we'll be working out
at that point cuz I didn't do my workout
today so I still got to do that but I
think I'm gonna wait for her to get home
to do it because the past week or so
we've been working out together
relationship goals you know it is so
that we can get these together so guys
my Keurig machine is currently broken I
just made a coffee you guys saw me make
my coffee
Dustin's trying to make one and it won't
brew so you know this is the needle
uh-huh yeah cuz sharp as needles is the
thing that punctures it and hot water
comes through yeah but in this slit of
it you see the coffee is stuck uh-huh
see the sides of it that's where the
water comes out uh-huh the left side is
clear the right side stuck with coffee
in it or is it yeah I see it oh yeah pin
that's not sharp enough
would you have the chirpin a dentist I
had windows dentist true wolf and what
this looks like a dustin item and you
threw it away
mix the owner in it was like it was so
shitty bootleg deodorant stick oh yeah
yeah yeah it does look like a used if
fact throw I wear Old Spice you wear
like that I worked out the shitty speed
stick show the speed stick look at that
it definitely a speed stick guys this is
surgery legit found a cockroach in my
coffee machine
Dustin is performing surgery right now
I'm just over here trying to make a
thumbnail it would have made noise by
now guys see this
it says brewing don't lift and it never
goes away from that screen and watch
it's gonna reset please wait usually I
would have started brewing it by now
pre eating it's already heated
hold on that's a better now see the
restarts you get the pin I'm googling
this you have to stick a paper clip in
this pointy part okay we're good
yeah paper clip bend it stick it right
in they're gonna think that's fake
that's fucking hilarious guys we're not
at all
oh the pointy it was a pointy part
Nina's pregnant at the end of this video
we could trade this in for a car yeah
jad we have a paper clip now what are
you gonna do about it guys see this pin
right here that's what we're going up
surgery ooh what I didn't see anything
it just looks like you should cool guys
I might have been the clog it's coming
out slow honestly that's a little slower
than normal but it is still coming out I
found this website on Google that shows
you to do a bunch of things so I think
we're gonna do all the steps on this
website and then I'll come back and then
I'll show you guys if it worked or not
hey nice one multiple websites that I
went on I said you have to turn it
upside down and spank it in the ass
spank you in the ass I can do but it's
still very hot up here I think there's
extra hot water here so I'm kind of
shook to do that in the shower where no
one can get burnt all right we're good I
don't know if that's enough that doesn't
do it so we don't need pay-per-click
tools but on the website it says there's
a third hole the third hole is on the
back we should've checked it back oh oh
yeah it's the back way there's a back
door okay oh yeah always entered the
back hole then we're gonna go from the
side you know fucking we'll get three in
there at once
the moment of truth here we go yay oh
that's louder than it was that kitty
purr it's a nice rifle so no it's coming
up okay that's good is it one
why do you hit what's their case test
this is hot as I know
but it's not too hot to drink you can
take a little sip I don't know how hot
you and drink we've got it gel like the
housewife how to's / clean / how to
clean Keurig bye thanks buddy so guys
I'm starting my workout now it's like 12
o'clock I have to pick up Silvia soon so
me and Dustin I get a bang out quick
workout he's setting up the benchpress
in there I'm gonna have to rush through
this workout cuz I don't have too much
time but you got to get the workout in
it's August now new month we got to
started off strong eight pretty clean
today other than the ice cream got my
brother's band stuff in here a light
benchpress
this room is so crowded guys it's like
the messiest room in the world right
here alright guys so I just finished the
workout I'm making some decent games
right now I think I'm losing a bit of
weight in the stomach area my face is a
little slimmer than it was so I'm losing
weight I am losing weight I'm definitely
gaining strength back I can lift a lot
more than I could lift at the start I
can kind of do one-handed handstands
against the wall which I definitely
couldn't do before so progress okay now
to go get Sylvia and drive Justin let's
roll okay so I picked up Bay she's
officially back but it is very late at
night right now so before I sleep I have
to do something important which is the
first can get crossed off we're starting
off August strong with the nice red X
and Dustin did a quick workout but it
was a really good workout we didn't
really stop to take breaths because we
were limited on time pushed each other
you know how it is but yeah I think I'm
gonna end the vlog off here I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure to
go down and smash that like button let's
see if we can hit 12,000 likes because
we've been smashing out on every more
wolfy vlog so far so let's get it wolf
am and if you guys made it this far in
today's vlog I want you guys to comment
something down below just so that I know
you guys made it this far I want you
guys to comment down below thank god
Wolfie has his coffee
comment down below thank God Wolfie has
his coffee because I don't know what the
fuck I would do without my coffee thank
God we fixed this shit and I want to
give a quick thank you to everyone who's
been staying active on all my social
media I love talking to you guys I love
reading all your tweets you guys have an
activist fuck on Instagram snapchat
everything anyways that's it for today's
vlog I will see you guys soon are more
Wolfie and remember to stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel
and as always stay Savage I know
