good morning a yo what's good is your
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy I
had a very long night last night filming
my video but I am awake ready to edit
for the day I got my boxed water right
here I found this at the store it's
 water in a box I really don't
know what to say about it but I haven't
tasted it yet so I'm gonna taste it on
camera for you guys so here we go Cleo
is trying to get outside so bad
you let him stalk me everywhere I go
Cleo everywhere oh here we go water
taste test box water
you want some you want some here take
some box water honestly my final
thoughts on this it just it tastes like
water there's not much more to it but
Dustin is making breakfast right now
making eggs smoothies so we can start
the day off healthy clean green diet
wolfy and then if I have time today I'm
gonna bring these two water bottles back
because I did what I had to do with them
so I'm trying to get my money back for
them because I'm cheapest fun guys
breakfast of champions ham avocado eggs
with a little bit of cheese my nice
smoothie over here Sylvia what are we
doing today yeah I'm done editing now we
need to do something my cheese man
cheese Angie I'm not going to mention
let's do something close let's go sit
out the back for a bit me and Sylvia are
gonna go out the back and just relax I
guess on the hammock for a bit because
your boy has been editing all day no
Dave you don't always have a sriracha
bottle on your desk 24/7 so you're not a
sriracha god but you know your boy
Wolfie has one on his desk 28:7 even
more than seven days a week do that
again
I need a thumbnail girl just go to work
again I need a million views please
double bagels double bagel balls big O's
bagels so I need to address something
that you guys brought up in my last vlog
I didn't even realize that I actually
did it but when I was doing that gum
spinning and I spat out the gum and then
put it back in my mouth a lot of you
guys seem to think that was gross well
guess what
I don't give a okay I spit the gum
on the dog poop and eat it for
all I care what is that oh it's just
Presley the part of the carpet we have
seriously I didn't even think about
doing it when I did it so it is what it
is you know your boy will feeds gone off
the ground eat asshole same same
difference
right what guys I have three hammocks in
my backyard
we got one net hammock right here this
hammocks not bad we got another hammock
that Dustin brought over I think and
then we got another hammock and then if
you want to
we are from car Oh wheat whoo when my
dad got it i hot-desking it
Destin got it and then we have the rings
if you want to use them as a hammock you
put one leg through there one leg
through there dangle yourself off then
we got a cat fence going all the way
around to keep the cats in because
they're vicious actually I'm gonna call
Cleo Oh what am I saying I'll have to
call Cleo she's at the door at all times
she's like why did you not bring me out
come on Lionel come on straight to the
grass Oh cats are too predictable make
some room for me test number 10 let's
see if Lionel responds to me Lionel come
here
AB dog would have already came right now
right Cleo Oh dog would be here cuddling
Lionel okay so he's looking come here
come here buddy he's not coming Cleo
come here she's not listening all right
hit that thumbs up button I'm gonna be
giving away Cleo in my next log because
it's cats a snake you too Lionel don't
think you're out of this because you're
far away you're getting given away in
the next vlog I don't want you buying
I'm buying a dog right now oh you want
in I don't know what you're saying
lion-o he's like you know I wanted all
right here you go this is a cat fence
she doesn't like it she's like what is
this what is this sorcery why can I not
go into the real world if you want to go
so bad guys this show the Mindy project
is annoying me because also V does is
watch it and never talk to me like that
yeah you are let's go watch TV 24/7 even
when she's being oppressed dance
tutorial on youtube.com slash I wasn't
make a video on this YouTube calm slash
people watching youtube.com slash
YouTube pulling into Maggie's I'm about
to get some nice ice water Sylvia's
about to get some ice cream I might have
a bite of her cone staying out for a bit
you know getting some fresh air and then
I'm gonna go home and upload both my
videos
Donald's usually bumpin at night it's
ten o'clock not too late but this is
when people tend to roll up in groups
and just kick it inside McDonald's I
don't know if it's because of the free
Wi-Fi or what there's a lot of groups of
kids and you know they just kick it at
this time guys showed up a base hunter
I'm about to bump some nice base hunter
me and Sylvia are reminiscing on some
old songs and I used to be obsessed with
base hunter so wait bad phone with the
pictures came is it possible job we're
gonna play a game where one of us says
one part one lyric to a song and I see
that yeah
what are you we're gonna play a game
we're gonna play a game where I say one
lyric to song and Charlie finishes it
Sylvia was beating me earlier actually
no I had some nice comebacks cuz so he
didn't give me the best clues but you
know I still hit those notes Yannick the
first old songs the only old songs no I
can't think that far back this corner
right here is where mad crows drift
can't see around the corner so that when
you drifted super dangerous but that's a
nice car to drift in the winter nice
turn remember when you drifted it almost
ran over that bad girl number and maybe
what yeah not almost Charlie almost ran
over the mailman and my neighbor had my
first advice remember that yeah she was
he was pissed is a growler guy I don't
know
you're a livid there's some I
try to play it off like I meant it
almost drifting there like they
literally jumped out of the way Ungava
ting yeah they did I remember and
they're being dramatic as you weren't
that close to them but they definitely
drunk hey watch where you're going
it sounded like Grand Theft Auto type
 okay Irene please gamer watch where
you're going buddy okay we're playing
this game I'm going first because you
clearly started it how was I suppose
didn't know okay no you got around say
it again I'm gonna hit the no right on I
have no idea I know everyone is watching
at home like how does she not know this
Donna oh she sure did
okay ways one of them for you one right
for me okay I'm ready ready are you
ready use the friend me feel so young
now what like a dangerous man but you
don't you don't even see me you just say
the words
I guess what's the say like it I'm not a
good singer you make me feel like a
dangerous woman guys if you sit inside
your house all day it's just nice to
just go out cruise
especially if you're driving a car named
King wolf just makes it all the better
if you're at home watching this vlog
which I know a lot of my wolf Mr play
along see if you get it before me
probably not because I'm uh I win at
most things alright
I have but I thought I don't want to
give it away swim through your veins
like fish in the sea I did a really bad
job of singing I don't even remember the
name Oh bless good one
they're all a guy god I made this game a
Buddha why my hope I didn't miss a thing
mmm-hmm are you saying yeah me but
you're like hey I'm Layla blind my way
damn guys I'm having a sugar slops not
ah having a sugar waffle thing as a
snack it's or no maple waffle maple
sugar treat thing just as my treat for
today because I deserve it with this
make it bland mmm
good delicious yes the nose a tectonic
crow base hunter
he likes oh oh that footwork hit it
surfing with the computer chair it's a
race let's race across the room pretend
the grounds lava easy let me get to the
bed get the like button if you pretended
the ground is lava as a kid come here
real quick let J you almost killed me
what do you think oh yeah
can you stop rolling me I don't have
that great balance really not go away
okay help me down
ah yo please hunter is an a on social
it's still based on oh that's ultra
music oh my god
but don't some people call it bass like
they're like oh the song has such good
foul - whoo bass is a fish this is the
fish like they they pronounce me is a
bat no they pronounce me yeah this this
is a bass they pronounce this is not
bass this is not bass
it's definitely based I'm saying some
people call it bass like tomato tomorrow
nobody calls a bass nobody as a music
look at this word guys the longest word
ever how to pronounce this is a place in
the world it's just it's to the world
pronounce that then but I don't care we
include a driver games ready to grab
your bed watch listen to that this news
day but a kid goes hurt in contrast in
temperature comes the UK just title
degrees that it comes to parts of
eastern England but finally skies but in
the Sun trying to Northwest Wales at RAF
Mona just up the writer from clan by to
prefer English forget it could drop
apprentice to do go go go
the temple oh this is dress their eyes
like a management I mean okay these guys
right now I don't know how are you have
anything you practice for these big
stretches into the
country's the rising sign by forget it
endeavour go go go
the temperature 21 cents yes wolf am
what the I need you guys to explain
something to me why is it that in the
past two weeks we've gained so many
subscribers like today got forty seven
thousand thirty three thousand thirty
forty three okay that was a giveaway so
I'll take that but other than that look
at these days we are growing so
fast and it's not even just a main
channel it's more wolfy two more wolfies
getting like fifteen thousand subs in
the past couple days like each day so
share it to you guys again I'm sorry you
guys have to hear me like thanking you a
billion times but you guys are just on
fire right now
we're so active on Twitter so keep that
up we're so active on Instagram so keep
that up I need to post more pics on
Instagram I promise you I will get on
that and I'll be more active on
Instagram as well YouTube obviously were
super active on snapchat you guys are
killing it too I try my best to open up
as many snaps as possible but you guys
are just sending a billion snaps right
now the wolf AM is just on the glow up
and I'm so thankful so thank you a
billion times over I'm not gonna stop
saying thank you so thank you alright I
appreciate you guys look how clean my
calendar is now I just wiped it all off
because we're going into August it's no
longer July anymore it's August first as
I'm talking right now so now I gotta
rewrite all the numbers with this black
marker in this bit so I can follow
through and get all these red X's
instead of the orange circles because
out here we get red X's okay we're not
about the circles we don't like to lose
but I'm just looking at my new video and
the support you guys have given me on my
new coke to ice video is insane like you
guys cracked 40,000 likes in the first
hour and over like a hundred and forty K
views in the first hour like I can't
even wrap my brain around the amount of
support we're getting right now so it's
just crazy just crazy to see but right
now I gotta show love I'm watching my
boy David's video right now 100 layers
of glue on my face cuz you know I got to
support the squad so I was looking in my
fridge for some midnight snacks and I
was hoping there's some hummus and many
cucumbers there's this hummus this
hummus this hummus tabbouleh another
hummus another one another one some
pitas some crackers and some hummus I
think I'm gonna have and maybe like an
apple than I'm set for the night what
are these doing in my house still you
guys haven't seen the video that these
are gonna be a part of but these
warheads need to cut my house all they
have is so much sticky excess warhead on
the edge of the
ooh we got Paris okay scratch the Apple
I'm feeling a pair I have another pair
in a while I don't know if you guys
fought with soft Paris I like soft pairs
way better than our pairs on there nice
and squishy ooh they're so sweet awesome
hard pairs are better soft bears all the
way team soft pair so I was just roaming
on the internet right now and I found
this site that has a quiz that's asking
basically if you would be a good
youtuber or not so I'm gonna take it
because I don't great youtuber
but I want to see what this site has to
say about me so the first question is
from a dog with some big-ass teeth would
you post videos often the answers it
gives are yes of course I post every
other day once a week three times a week
once or twice a month
like never every single day
daily uploads let's get it do you
honestly think your videos would be any
good
maybe I honestly don't know ha no way
they're probably crap yeah I really do
long you King Wolfie so yeah I
really do how many subscribers do you
think you'd have like as much as
PewDiePie okay no I don't have like 46
mm maybe as much as Jessy V I have no
clue the Jessy V is as much as beautify
sure role playing continued you somehow
managed to get 1 million views
somehow nigga I always get 1 million
views you are now going to make a
youtube channel what do you call it and
what would the picture have in it the
options are I'd make it my name and the
picture would have me in it something
like hi 2 3 6 or wall 0 21 and in the
picture would be a stuffed animal or toy
ok so those are all whack options
I'd have my name in it and the picture
of meat sure real-time subscriber count
40 million yes I would be a good
youtuber thank you apparently I passed
because of this quiz so now I know that
I can be a good youtuber alright guys
it's getting pretty late so I think I'm
gonna end the vlog off here I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did make sure to hit
that like button we are now so strong in
this channel that we can move up from
the regular 10,000 likes - I'd say let's
try and get 12,000 likes on this vlog
because more Wolfie is growing faster
than ever and if you guys made it this
far in today's vlog I want you guys to
comment this down below just so I know
you guys made it this far hairline
straighter than a ruler so that way I
know you guys are the true ol film that
made it to the very end of the vlog
anyways that's it for today's video on
more Wolfie I will see you guys soon and
remember to stay a little bit more
savage in my main channel and as always
stay savage demo
