good morning a yo what's coochie boy
wolfy welcome back tomorrow wolfy today
it's a big day for me I'm trying to do
something that I've never been able to
do basically it's been impossible my
whole 17 years on this earth I'm
attempting to get my hair line straight
so my brother's about to cut my hair I
woke up like a few hours ago and I was
just checking out all my youtube videos
by the way the crazy water that ice
magic trick that video is almost at like
3 million views so thank you for all the
support on that video it's insane so
that reminds me I have to get on the
part 2 I might go and get all the
supplies for the part 2 today I think I
need to get a big bottle of water I said
I would do I want to try it with a
liquid that is fucking weird like tomato
juice or something and then I have to
successfully do with the beer so I'm
gonna buy a shitload of beer I guess you
guys saw how many water bottles I bought
in the first video right now chilling in
the room Cleo's tanning lionel's tanning
doesn't just got here but my brother's
gonna cut my hair now and then I want to
make some moves my mom's taking out the
stinkiest garbage in the world kind of
smells like Caillou yeah castles at you
here we go see she in the kitchen guys I
got all the supplies here I'm in the
seat right now I got all this stuff
whatever that is my fans and supporters
are watching me get my hair cut you know
so many fans and supporters and I just
watch me get my hair cut all the time
yourself it's good to go update on the
hair but my hairline is the last step
but it's getting there
who's here
so see you alright guys so the haircut
is done peep this I think it's a lot
straighter than it was before
improvements little improvements until
my hairline finally decides because
right now I think that even though you
can shave it as straight as you want I
feel like there's just like something
cursed in my head that knows let's fuck
it up a bit so so that people roast the
one it feel like if we just keep cutting
it super straight and super straight
super straight this demon inside my head
will leave and I can finally have a
permanently straight hairline because
right now it's temporary I started going
to wake up tomorrow and it's gonna be
gone but you know it looked kind of
fresh right now so now I have to go pick
up some supplies for the video I have to
go to the beer store grab beer for the
video go to war I get a few supplies and
I might grab a salad while I'm out there
because diet wolfy is still alive as I'm
sure you guys know by now diet wolf is
just too strong it is beautiful outside
today so it's good to get outside okay
guys so I'm at the store I just picked
up the alcohol I got the beer in the
back the clear corona cuz you guys know
you have to use the clear alcohol when
you're working with this ice experiment
now me and Dustin are gonna go to
Walmart I think to get some coke and
mentos because there was one really good
idea in the comment section that I read
to basically put the Mentos in the coke
when the coke is basically frozen and
then it'll explode ice instead of like
liquid so I'm gonna go buy that stuff
hopefully this works I had to buy the
beer though oh yeah Dustin had to buy
the beer because exactly what my fake ID
because I'm only 12 so it got rejected
so I got the water in the coke but I'm
looking for the Mentos I'm in the candy
aisle and I have no clue where this shit
is it might be just the small little
packets at the front of the store but
I'm hopefully gonna find a bigger pack I
know there's mints in this aisle but
this is searching time right now
hopefully I can find it in the next two
minutes because I really want to film
this video doomsday prepper right here
guys look at all this liquid like what
the fuck
this isn't and shout out to Dustin for
buying this I had to pay him back
because I forgot my wallet I was in a
rush but you know we got the coke mentos
head slump right here if you guys got
this where you are but brought to find
out what this is we're not gonna do milk
today
I completely forgot milk but it's all
good we got boxed water Pepsi clear
Pepsi so this should be really fucking
dope ha ha of course she parks at the
back of the parking lot I don't want
anyone scratching keenly so look at the
amount of liquid we have in this bitch
right now
Dustin's clearing out the freezer
because we basically need the whole
freezer in order to do the video right
that whole big freezer needs to be
emptied everything's gonna be
transferred into this one I guess as
much things as possible then whatever
can't fit is just gonna go rotten or
something but going around dad they're
going hunting
sighs Begley's oh is it yeah this was in
your hot car yeah that's all cheese's
video hasn't even started we're making a
mess
don't film my video right now and I just
put a bunch of stuff in the freezer but
the thing is I may have put too much
stuff in the freezer because it's not
completely closing and if it doesn't
completely closed it means it doesn't
get as cold as it's supposed to get
which means the video is not gonna work
and that would be super depressing so
it's kind of annoying I don't have a
thermometer I can put in there and tell
the temperature from outside the freezer
because every time I open the freezer to
check on the temperature it's letting
out the cold air that's gonna that's
gonna freeze the water bottles and stuff
so I'm at a bit of a predicament I don't
know what to do all I can do at this
point is just wait and hopefully
everything freezes cuz this video I
really want it to work and if not I
guess I'm gonna have to try it again
tomorrow but tomorrow I'll completely
clear out the freezer because right now
there's still like frozen fruits in
there and stuff and also tomorrow I'll
put less water bottles and less stuff in
the freezers maybe there's just too much
shit in my freezer to freeze I don't
know what's going on but yeah these are
the struggles that youtubers have to
deal with because right now I'm supposed
to leave this stuff for the video in the
freezer for like two and a half hours so
I don't know if I fucked up until two
and a half hours from now so if I fucked
up two and a half hours of my day are
spent stressing on something and then I
have to read film it is just please work
just please nothing ever works for me in
videos that I make like I usually have
to do it like five six times before it
actually works I need someone to teach
me how to do cooking I need someone to
teach me how to do frigging science
experiments all this stuff DIY Wolfie is
not on his game right now see this table
right here this is the cleanest you will
ever see my table usually these coffee
mugs are filled with like water and
coffee and they're spread out all across
this table because when Sylvia is on
this table
she loves to drink one half of her
coffee maybe even one quarter of her
coffee and then she just leaves it there
to get cold and then it just ends up
staying here so I clean them all put
them back up there I drank my coffee for
the day so I don't need a coffee
you know the rooms looking clean but
Sylvia is still got her mini pizza
instructions on top of my mini fridge so
I guess you didn't listen to the
comments but it's all good I'll let her
slide for now for now you know diet
wolfie but I think I'm gonna eat a few
of her Lucky Charms because I'm little
hungry just eat the Lucky's and don't
eat the terms so we got two marshmallows
in there you know that's not that bad
delicious by the way I was told about
these packs you can buy at some store
that are just the terms like you can buy
a full bag of just terms so I
that the problem is I looked into it and
apparently you can't order them in
Canada so I'm kind of cheesed about that
but if you guys are watching this and
you can order them or you know where to
get them or whatever please please send
them to my peel box everything you need
to know about my peel box is in the
description just send them to your boy
so I can do a taste test video on my
main channel please so right now I'm
outside I'm about to do a quick workout
while I wait for the ice to freeze or
while I wait for the water to freeze
it's taking longer than I ever thought
it would but you know I got all day I
don't think I'm gonna go to sleep until
it works because I gotta make sure this
is perfect Katsaros head there's a
barbecue going on next door it smells
delicious and I'm still diet wolfy I'm
really craving like a salad chicken
Caesar salad or something so I might get
that as soon as I'm done this workout
because I was feeling that the waters
gonna take forever to freeze so it's a
waiting game now
I don't found a moth and he's trying to
hunt it all Ryan I'll kill the moth come
on you got this this is the true test if
you're a savage you'll kill the moth
he's like why are you watching me
kill'em let me do this in private
Cleo's coming to join you get it get it
Lionel that's a bee right there don't
get stung oh here we go the hunters are
going to get them off you guys lost it
I'll shake the bush for you is there
it's there go get it go get it clean
July is almost done BAM one more day we
got one more day so my dad is watching
this guy it's called heaven-sent
apparently 25,000 feet is he jumping
from 25,000 feet
look at this some guys jumping from
25,000 feet in the air with no parachute
and he's gonna land in a net but there's
people jumping with him okay my god they
cut my god slows down to 125 so he's
gonna land in a net nine this guy's
insane no you got one chance buddy one
second before impact that's gonna happen
that's the net and this guy's little
there's a net under the net there's a
net under the net I know yeah no I don't
mean if they got there
that's him Wow he's a big guy honestly I
would not jump because I'm scared of
heights but if you hit the net at 120
miles an hour
I could probably break enough bones so
this guy's I guess he might be more
savage than me
this guy's madness so I guess that's
where we're watching tonight so he's got
a watermelon but but I got to come back
because my stuff is in the freezer it is
getting colder slow deep just back with
their way this is my walk how are you
guys doing today good okay we're gonna
go to get good blocks oh yeah
man do this what's good anyway that's
saying I was going and went into your
room and there was three more three
action is three three where we're like
right by your bed no shut the fuck up
like right around where that we found
the last one okay I can tell you're
lying I said right by your bedside I
said right by your bedside
but another one I'm sending my room on
fire like I can't live like this I'm
living in fear babe where's the daddy
longlegs if they bite you then you're
dead apparently but they can't bite you
because it legs are too long but if they
bite you imagine those nasty long as
lips I just heard that back gate five
hours a rumor that they could kill you
the bite diet wolfy is alive salad some
nice Street soup shrimp soup full name
shrimp soup oh yeah sure so there's only
a snake exactly I wanna it's just now
this is what let me see so they can ice
two minutes away from jumping out of the
plane he just reads 25,000 feet mom dad
clapping I want to see how far he
bounces when he hits the trampoline er
like the net they just opened the door
here we go yeah what this guy's casually
hanging off the side of the airplane
enjoy holy jesus always practicing flips
there's no slowing down bullshit Luke
cam he's practicing the Falls a couple
more times holy shit he is flying oh
yeah that was close that was close this
fuck wow he's good
all right guys serious Wolfie here for a
second I need to bring up something
because it's been on my mind for the
last couple weeks I honestly didn't
think I'd have to make a video about
this but it's got to the point where I
need to talk about this
so lately my YouTube channel has been
blowing up which is amazing don't get me
wrong I fucking love it but when your
YouTube channel starts blowing up more
people know you which means more people
know where you live more people start
coming to your house and so lately there
has been a lot of fans that have come to
my house wanting to see me which is
don't fuck I love you guys but when I'm
at my house I'm always working like I'm
either editing or I'm filming or I'm
helping Silvia film so it's impossible
for me to come out and meet every single
one of you so basically I need to ask a
favor from you guys I love you guys to
death but when I'm at my house I'm
literally swamped in work like I'm super
busy all the time so I need you guys to
stop come to my house because I feel so
bad not coming out and saying hi but I
literally can't if you want to meet me
when I'm in public I love meeting you
guys I love taking selfies with you guys
I love just talking to you guys but at
my house my host is like the only actual
place I have to just focus on myself and
get my work done so I legit can't come
out and say hi when I'm at my house that
and my parents are getting annoyed that
mad kids keep showing up to the house to
say hi to me
so I'm politely asking you guys just a
favor for me please don't come to my
house late at night and like ring the
doorbell or knock on the door cuz a lot
of kids have been doing that lately but
if you guys see me in public do not be
afraid to come up and say hi I'm one of
the nicest guys you'll meet so I'll
always talk to you I'll always take a
picture with you whatever you want to do
I'm there but just not at my house cuz I
feel bad because I can't come out cuz
I'm working on videos I feel bad for my
parents having to get the door it's just
a whole bunch of stuff I'm not trying to
deal with so thank you I hope you guys
respect that I'm not trying to be a dick
I'm not a dick my cats also go crazy
when someone rings the doorbell or
someone knocks at the door late at night
because my cats are paranoid as fuck so
if you want to see my cats were having a
stroke just just love you B please
anyways I needed to get that off my
chest cuz it's been on the back of my
mind for like the past two weeks but
thank you for listening to rambling
Wolfie back to something interesting
call in the big guns oh I'm freaking out
is that Coke one you can just slide them
in up there oh shit okay alright guys so
it is currently three eleven in the
morning I just started vlogging again
basically me and Dustin are trying to
film a video for my main channel it's
kind of going good it's kind of going
about it don't know really how to
explain it but Dustin's watching some
Instagram videos over there I'm chilling
I cannot go to bed so I'm probably not
gonna sleep tonight which is kind of
unfortunate but you got to do these
things for YouTube okay I'm not gonna go
to sleep until I get this right and you
guys will see why when the video drops
but your boy wolfy DIY wolfy is a
perfectionist and I have to get this
done on my sticky table this is the
setup towels on towels you guys know in
the kitchen more towels
probably some spilled coke over there
and stuff Jackson my one cat you guys
never see is being weird over there I'm
gonna go wait Cleo up for a bit yeah
this this is like I don't even know if
I'm gonna drop this in today's vlog or
tomorrow's vlog sitting in today's vlog
but this should be tomorrow's vlog Cleo
come here
I gotta wake up it's kind of beautiful
Cleo she's waking up alright guys so it
is 4:00 in the morning I'm still awake
and I honestly do not think I'm going to
bed so I'm gonna end the vlog off there
because I have a lot of
I need to be doing right now I got to
make sure this works so if you guys
enjoyed the blog make sure to give it a
big thumbs up we've been smashing over
10,000 likes um all Wolfie blog so far
so go hit that like button right now and
if you guys made it this far in today's
vlog I want you guys to comment down
below so I know you made it this far
late night gang I want all you guys to
comment late night gang and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more sours in my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
