good morning ayaats give us your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy it is
not in the morning right now it's
actually 4:30 p.m. I was just editing
all morning
is that like burnt clear what are you
doing yeah I was just editing all
morning and I finished a banger banger
video so I'm happy I got that done as
soon as I woke up I had a blessed
breakfast this morning I had a bagel
with some natural peanut butter on it
and then what else did I have
I had a bagel oh and I had an avocado
too so that was blessed but I need to
make something else right now cuz it's
midday and I need something else I need
something else in my stomach
usually I edit and drop my vlogs at
nighttime so like I'll edit them at
nighttime and then drop them as soon as
I'm done them but for my main channel
videos I like to have them done like way
in advance so I can figure everything
out get all the annotations on the video
but today I might just eat and then edit
the vlog now so that later today
by the time Sylvia comes back from work
we can just chill or something or just
go outside you know leave my house for
once get some fresh air that would be
nice I don't know why this tomato juice
is in my house but that shit is gross
I do not fuck with tomato juice look at
this I still got all the cups here from
the two pranks that I pulled with all
these big plastic cups so there might be
a third one I don't know why they're
still in my house and not recycled but
yeah still got those cups and I also
need a damn haircut my hair is now Cleo
every vlog you do this every vlog and I
never let you up so what makes you think
someone's home you hear the garage
listen come on come to garage but yeah I
need a fucking haircut my hair is nappy
as hell who's home who's home who's home
hear it okay no one's home no one is
home no no I ever see any things Wow
I just tripped out I'm hearing things
Cleo guys honestly these are the most
comfy headphones I've ever fucking worn
I bought these Bose headphones like
probably two months ago they're so comfy
that you forget that they're on your
ears so for the past like few hours I've
been editing with these on my ear but
they feel like marshmallows attached to
your ear it's amazing Cleo snuck on my
damn room this way she just rubs up
against my wires disconnects my speakers
get out of here see that wall right
there that's gonna be joined soon with
more Wolfie plaque the 100k
I'm done eventually the main channel
1 million gold plaque but I know those
things take forever to come in I mean
first you have to wait to order it and
then once you order it it takes weeks
and weeks and weeks a lot of youtubers
that I've watched by the time they got
there like 100k plaque they were already
out 1 millon by the time the other 1 mil
plaque they're already at like 4 or 5
mils so it is what it is but when it
comes in its gonna have a nice spot
right there I think I'm gonna put it in
between the two 100k plaques yeah
that'll look nice guys look what my mom
made me some avocado egg sandwich we got
some I think that's turkey turkey or ham
on there big glass of water you can see
how cold the water is that is some nice
fridge Brita water in this bitch I'm
going to eat it in a sec but I got to
throw my gum first you guys know I'm the
gum spitting master by the way I want to
do a gum spitting trickshot video so if
you guys want to see that on my main
channel hit that like button for this
video because honestly I'm too gifted at
spitting gum so I think it would be a
banger one shot one kill
garbage is there I've showed this in a
vlog I think I want to go further then
probably gonna go all the way I want to
go all the way over here so it is there
actually you know what I'm gonna fuckin
lay down on my back and spit it so it
goes in the garbage right there I don't
know how that's gonna work but this is
gum spitting champion your Wolfie here
we go
okay miss one more try okay that's a
miss one more guys I've never done out
on my back no so close so close please
one more yeah what the fuck bounced off
the wall and went down there well how
did it bounce down there I don't get
that okay Oh what okay fuck this you
know what fuck that fuck the gum
spitting I'm just getting hit the like
button I want to do one guy's today's a
big day
so have you learned how to cook the mini
pizzas so no one needs to comment that
any more official and booze I'm so proud
of her she grew up
Oh quick this YouTube guy so apparently
there's spiders in Sylvia's room there
was just a spider up here I don't know
if you can still see it's like but its
leg is there basically there's been
spiders in here for like the past two
days there's been like these little
little spiders and no we don't know
where they're coming from there's a
little hole in the ceiling that we
drilled from when we put in the
lampshade and fuck that up but we
honestly don't know where the hell the
spiders are coming from we literally
just flipped her room upside down turned
all the pillows and the sheets inside
out looked everywhere there's nothing
else but cilia hates on the cats come in
here because obviously the cats get hair
on the clothes I don't like when the
cats come in my room either but she
wanted them gone so bad that she let the
cats come in to hunt the spiders it was
too funny she's so scared right now
there was like a little bug on the edge
of this pillow and now she doesn't even
want the pillows in the room anymore
those pillows are legit garbage now I'm
gonna throw them in the wash because I
would be shook too I remember when I had
spiders in my room ones I'm not saying
like spiders like a million spiders I
just remember at one point in time I
found like three spiders in my room and
I was shook to go to bed like I would
legit burrito myself in the blanket
because I didn't want to be attacked by
the spider when I was asleep I didn't
want to climbing up my nose climbing my
ear any shit like that
so why are my cats not hunting though
that's what I want to know Clio why are
you not hunting them you cats should be
hunting wherever you are Lionel Clio
hunt do your job so Sylvia is doing a
reading old tweets video so that
inspired me to look at what my first
tweet is on wolfy raps account I don't
know if you could change your username
on Twitter because I don't think I had
wolfy raps from 2010 because that's when
it's from apparently my tweet is from
2010 but I don't think I have that
account of 2010 so maybe you could
change your username or something like
that but look um you could oh I guess
you could but here is my inspirational
ass tweet this is gonna inspire a lot of
you guys so get ready hit that like
button comment something I don't know
sitting on a chair in my wife beater I
don't know why I forgot to do that I
don't know why the fuck I thought that
was a good idea to tweet but yeah I hope
I just motivated the entire world King
will be for president 20
vote for me so mean so we were supposed
to work out but I told her to wait for
me to upload my vlog and she fell asleep
on my bed called her name a bunch of
times and she didn't wake up so I got my
marker I'm gonna see if I can draw
something on her face before she wakes
up she's a lightsaber though she's
probably arguing
so yeah so yeah so yeah
bah
guys I just showered and my phone is
tripping out look at this shit
it literally the cord is so fucked up
you can see it just keeps charging and
then I'm charging boom boom oh that's a
fresh beat hold up yo chillin in the
room oh fuck you fucking it up now it's
going faster hey your iPhone hit me with
a beat
hey yo okay Julie fuck this is like the
worst beat boxer ever going back down to
Sylvia's room I hear her yelling are
they back
where where hey I can't see man watch
out
again I'm like 100 the line this is not
cool oh my god okay wait
they're back it is raping my bed all
that I have gotten so far
PETA is gonna be on your ass hey Peter
yes hope yeah don't fuck with me yeah no
don't get the guts all over the wall you
wanted the legs to fly off into my bed
it's obliterated oh it is evaporated I
should have died as a veteran Spidey
you're soon we're going hunting solicit
it is a nice you can go ahead and Inga's
there's that many in this goddamn room
can you look at this water where do you
think that the spider goes it's still on
there so stop spreading that all over my
room please you got a hot spider guts is
my wall to court next time I'm killing
happy Oh at least it wasn't a tarantula
alright alright I'm about to faint thing
I can't even think about that this is
how I entered my room every day one
spider gone spider over there no max
spider I come in and I inspect I'm
telling you important I have no idea I
put tape over that stupid thing until
later don't work guys out late night and
my car started to smell a bit so I got
another air freshener and you already
know I just paid for gas last second I
saw the car wash and I was like
I'm about to get this touchless carwash
so how can you drive without your 17 you
can get your license at 16 come don't
play yourself please enter your code
number okay bamm-bamm your code number
husband except it's been accepted at my
royal office oh it's not road now oh hey
hold up your we've inside all rolling
down let's take them down now keeping
down sunroof up this music okay put them
up on top what's grabbing my wheel Oh
moving you're not doing it now I'm in
neutral it says put it in neutral and
let it let it take you
why are you dabbing hitting the flow
here we go starting off it's starting
off like this I'm not even driving it's
driving itself we even got the sunroof
going oh I swear to god it's open a bit
bullshit
is it open Charles oh my god no no no
it's on I think I just was tripping out
it should be a touchless wash so if
anything touches my car i'm cheese what
do you want it to know because if it
touches your car can scratch it touch
this is the most expensive one
what a baller it's for people that are
too nervous about getting scratches on
their car but I can't let Kim wolf get
some crap
low-key the sunroof is open a bit
they'll close this at least so if you
can afford to buy these type of car
washes does that mean you can afford to
buy our puppy ah we're literally about
to get soaked live up to the person I
didn't open it I think it was just a
little bit okay guys I hope you guys are
enjoying this carwash tutorial basically
you just want to go in put your car in
neutral and just let it take over good
tutorial yeah I do
- I know what that is I don't feel safe
right now
we just lock the door I notice that it
was open
we're almost done but there's still so
much so far card click in the water
these two cars got an accident at this
intersection
look at this van the entire top of this
van is just question we're gonna do stir
we just run over we ran over a bunch of
pieces of the car I was fuck no so
that's a worse accident I think I've
ever seen that's and it just happened if
just as everyone you can tell everyone
is just panicking about it yeah holy
crap I hope everyone's ok that's so
scary so there's a fire station really
close by to the accident and they are on
their way scary that's literally my
worst fear fuck
Oh God yeah those airbags are fully
filling up the front of the seat of the
car so that car crash was absolutely
insane we forget we did a lap to see
what was happening again but basically
the cops blocked off the whole
intersection and then all the roads
leading up to the crash
so hopefully whoever's in the crash is
all right I saw that the car that was in
the crash was basically like totaled and
then there was a van one of those big
white vans there was in the crash and
its whole back was squished in so I
don't even know what the hell went down
but it was crazy hey I hope everyone is
all right they got in that crash because
God them so I'm home right now I just
turned on the ps4 bays about to go to
bed I'm not that tired because you know
I stay up super late so I'm gonna end
the vlog off there I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did make sure to give it
a big thumbs up you guys know the deal
we smashed 10,000 likes on all the more
wolfy vlogs so go hit that like button
right now and if you guys made it this
far in today's vlog I fucking love you
guys and I want you to leave a comment
down below so that I know you guys made
it this far in the vlog the one mill
plaque is coming soon I want you guys to
comment the one mill plaque is coming
soon and by coming soon I mean probably
a few months because we all know how
long it takes but when it comes there
it's gonna look amazing with my other
silver plaque and then my gold plaque oh
my god I came in I cannot wait but
anyways that's it for today I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay Savage
echo
