good morning a yo what's get us your boy
wolfy I just woke up and I'm about to
film part two for Sylvia's recreating
cute couples poses so I'm about to go
downstairs and get sillier because she's
been downstairs for like an hour and a
half getting ready and she only told me
it would take her like 45 minutes so if
she's not ready when I go downstairs
imma be cheese cuz I got a film today
too
I got a nice surprise video coming up
for you guys it's probably gonna be
involving me in pain or me struggling so
I mean it's probably your favorite thing
to watch me just struggling okay so
Sylvia's not ready yet so I'm gonna film
my video right now my mom is gonna film
it on camera so hopefully the camerawork
is good if it's not and you can blame it
on her better film nice this alright
don't mess up
okay we're limited on time we literally
only have like 30 minutes to film so
let's do this it'll have record on the
screen ya ready I don't want fucking
good it's your boy Wolfie alright guys
so I just finished filming the video DJ
came over he was a part of the video my
brother shot it my mom shot it basically
this is a sneak peek of the video some
sour candies if you guys want to see the
full video it'll be on my main channel
in a few days but let's just say things
get a little sour so my tongue is blue
as fuck my mouth hurts but me and DJ are
gonna go get food and then I'm gonna go
to the boys house for a bit so let's do
it
so I'm just about to start editing at
the boys house and I just finished
watching Casey nice hats video this man
is a genius like this guy can just pump
out viral video ideas it's insane so
shout out to Casey nice that like this
guy's a fucking legend I don't even know
what to say but it is super cold inside
the house right now so I needed to come
outside for a bit just to get some fresh
air and it's so beautiful outside today
literally my dream is to like get a
house on some like tropical island with
all my friends and just have like an
outside editing studio that would be so
dope because then that way you don't
feel like suffocated inside editing
because that's one of the biggest things
I don't like right now like when I edit
I feel trapped in my room with the
windows closed and all that so editing
outside with like some crazy like in
like a hammock or like I don't even know
some tropical island got cold drinks
warm weather that would be like the
dopest editing setup but just like all
my computer outside where it never rain
so I don't have to worry about anything
getting wet or anything stolen got damn
but for now you know
I'm stuck inside the house so I'm gonna
bang on this vlog and potentially start
editing something else but yeah it's a
really nice date and today I might just
take it easy I already filmed a banger
video today you know I might film one
later who knows you know you boy wolfies
just has all these ideas in his head but
right now this squirrel over there is
grilling me I don't know if it's a
sleeper I don't know what that squirrel
is doing over there it's giving me the
stink-eye mama go bang this edit out
quick I got jazz guess who game here
apparently I'm supposed to sign up for a
fan the winner who's the winner um let
me check her name but I think it's
Alicia Alicia yeah hey Alicia shout-out
to you for winning the game I was the
original player of this game with Jackie
so word episode what was a beggar so
it's my last video tip that was a
fucking bang out so profit so this is
what's gonna be that's what they're
getting Wow you get that I'll give you
an example am I in this game of course
so for like did four episodes and I
swear see youtubers every time you gave
them all no no well I give them all the
options so I'm you're gonna get to pick
up like the stock hit is like like my
favorite youtubers you know of all four
combined so Wolfie and David you guys
kept your spots you gotta have a mil to
be in that Club yeah good thing I'm here
no so where do I sign on the paper I'm
thinking about it because I'm gonna put
this in there too so like right you
usually throw these out why not make
some use for this slow mints on the back
but I was fine I'll let you show ahead
Wolfie
Alicia little Congrats to Alicia Alicia
this is my Wolfie signature I've never
done a signature before so I'm gonna put
my actual signature hey
mmm I got you on that and for everybody
wants to know what it looks like oh yeah
guys this is the first version the first
version let me see if I know everybody
on there let's see if you can listen up
yeah it's good at intellect you Ally the
good view if I'm a youtuber I should
know everyone we got rice gum pussy
andrea russett my boy leafy there's my /
wolf ksi jenna Marbles David Perry jenna
Marbles wrote she's not on YouTube
anymore but Oh Bethany Moore there you
go there I think that was jenna Marbles
you know what I mean right right looks
like jenna Marbles yeah at first glance
I can holy shit okay Bethenny I got you
don't worry I didn't know not who you
were
this guy might be Simon yep nice mini
winter just rain PewDiePie RCL beauty
morning
now I'd you learn intro see I don't know
they're in chose K always you haveno
laurdiy faze rain my boy how do you see
his name vanoss it's not about us but
people correct I should know it is it's
not vanassa it's not it is as i said
vanassa and i'm was a Yoda DC fan I saw
people with cheese on a say Yaffe's
right vanaf I have this lift hey Timothy
DeLaGhetto Lilly Singh
Alex wasabi Morelle twins or no merrily
merrily merrily
you were saying other well yeah I know
that one voila
well lookie your guys media Joe Heller
you guys both girls the same way Roman
Atwood and then yeah jenna Marbles and
gentlemen sorry about that jenna Marbles
I know you're not deaf anymore
you both have like 10 mils hey I'm
excited for this girl to get it yes so
we're gonna ship that out to you we got
autographs everything and then Janice
something else you wanted to show me I
don't know what this is
apparently this is gonna be a video on
Chad's channel so youtube.com slash Chad
with a J hey you guys know where to find
the crew oh yeah well I brought never
open it so we're gonna do together now
yeah aren't you opening on your video no
one doing a video with it okay let's all
fuck it we'll open it I'm down to open
it then deposit your actus with it to do
it in public
oh I don't know video so basically what
I'm doing is like bro
cuz poke more go when you go out like
you don't have a place to sit yeah you
know I mean like when you're on a boat
on bikes and stuff first what this is
like a portable couch a light so we're
gonna go to confederation fur because
there's Matt who's there
yeah so and then we'll just like open it
and kick it on the looter like on the
lures and just getting that Pokemon
comfy as hell where did you get that my
boy this is my voice coming through this
is a blessed idea got the pizza here
guys
and yeah we Adams you like inflatables
here legit inflatable everything so
every did one of Sean's challenges the
garden will never be the same after that
video this is your first time opening it
it's the first time opening I never open
it before okay and it's supposed to be a
chair that can fold up how oh I think I
know
Oh what are these things you I know what
this thing how the fuck do I know what
that is
Casey's blog I think Casey I don't know
Casey did have one of these in the vlog
how do you grow you have to really feel
over there and then you close it yeah we
might need more open space hey maybe you
have to like run with it for me yeah you
run with it and Phil over there and then
you have to close it quick yeah yeah you
close it and then I think you do this
yeah yeah and you're good
les let's go let's run Bongo join the
crew we can't figure out how to fill
this thing up so these guys are doing
teamwork makes the dream work is this
thing work
what is going on right now you just got
to be a savage okay yeah it's I think
I'm the only one who can do it or let's
see Joe Savage hold this I didn't show
you guys the secret oh yeah you just got
a
the one side is filling up perfect I
might have snapped it that's a chip off
cam YouTube I'm you tubing it bless to
Toria now Joe has on the call learning
how to open it
this is fuck this is honey
oh yes Bongo there's this seat that we
want around jobbot
we're trying to learn how to Oh fill it
up
oh that's nice a few pop this would be a
memory chillin
I know my buddy's tossing in this vlog
right now I got you bro yeah I see G
little G so let me lay in this bad boy
yeah get on this here vlog base first
lane man we're nice
this is bless your acting kick back row
it's comfy as fuck you could go get like
nap on this road Foley once you get the
hang of it you can inflate it literally
like 10 sec yeah this is nice
it doesn't pop okay so I just got back
from the boys house I was there for a
pretty long time actually we were just
kicking it it was me
Bongo dad DJ but I completely forgot to
vlog alai was there so I'm gonna make it
up by opening some fan mail up in this
bitch but before I open any of my fan
mail one thing needs to be addressed I
have a disgusting mustache right now and
I need to shave it so let me shave this
real quick and I'll get to the fan mail
they look at this ooh why could I not
grow full facial hair why just tell me
why just let me just let me grow
something so I can have something so I
can kind of look like a man I mean even
though I'm only 12 years old I still
want to have facial hair I mean maybe
when I'm 13 I'll grow something I'm
hoping by the time I'm like maybe 12 and
a half I'll get something but for now
this is what I'm working with it's not
pleasant
wait all right so now that I feel a lot
better let's pick out some of this fan
mail and open it up because I haven't
done a fan mail in a little bit so I'm
gonna open up a few of these letters
let's see what we got here all right the
first thing we got is from Riley from
California says Wolfie so I think it's
to me says what's poppin dawg I've been
watching videos for awhile like eight
months and love your pranks i pranked my
sister with the iPhone prank you showed
me it's awesome and I love your vids we
also got something else in this package
it I think it might be
hey Riley drew a bless wolf look at that
fuckin quality this is quality okay this
is a dark shot so I'm gonna try and get
more late in this dish add a little bit
of late put the camera out front in this
biatch okay oh that's way better
like I was saying we got some art so
shout out to Riley from California thank
you very much
whoo the next one we got is pretty heavy
it doesn't say where it's from but I'll
open it and we'll see what we got here
so the first one okay this definitely
looks like me here we go definitely this
one is to me it says it's the big nose
Wolfie so you know I don't really know
who that is my nose is pretty small but
because it says Wolfie I'm assuming it's
Tamiya so see Pub cheese so this letter
is from arrows and arrow says I've been
watching for a while now and will not
stop shoutout to you Oh
by the way who masa and you already know
King wolf King Wolf's in this bitch I'm
so glad you did more wolfy because now
there are so many more videos Congrats
on 600 K subs talk to you again soon
especially when you hit 1 million subs
well guess what I am reading this and I
just hit a million subs so thank you you
believed in me
you knew I could hit it and I hit it
because of you so thank you arrows you
also sent a separate letter to everyone
else in our bows so I will keep those
and I'll give them to the guys next time
I go to their house the next letter is
coming from Georgia so let's see we send
this one so this letter is coming from
Abby from Georgia first off I want to
say that I'm a huge fan of you and T
Malvo anyway my name is Abby I'm 14
years old I've been watching for several
months now and I really enjoy your
content me and T Malvo have helped you
so much by putting a smile on your face
every time you upload a video Thank You
team elbow heart PS on April 2nd I got a
puppy named Cooper and he is currently
four months old he's an American Bulldog
lab mix so I think we got a picture of
Cooper right here yep this is the cutest
kid dog Sofia's probably gonna watch
this and cry because this dogs too damn
cute shoutout to Abby shoutout to Cooper
you shut up shout to everyone check out
this art that is dope this one's coming
from Kalani from Hawaii I started
watching videos about a month ago and
since then I've been hooked you never
fail to make me laugh of course I can't
forget about t-mobile after watching the
first video I saw you guys I subscribe
to everyone and Ryan and Silvia I always
get so excited to watch your videos and
told all my friends about your channel
and then you know I got out of this part
and you're so freaking hot like damn
hard ah let's go man if you insist I
mean I mean I always thought I was
pretty ugly but you know thick thank you
and she's a believer too so you know of
course we're gonna get along that's it
for the fan mail I'm gonna do today I'm
gonna go chill downstairs for a bit I
haven't worked out today so I think I'm
gonna do a bunch of push-ups downstairs
everyone's watching like a movie or
something I might just join in and work
out in the background but thank you to
everyone who sent me fan mail we're
literally growing so damn fast I can't
even keep up it's insane thank you again
so this is who I come down to nobody is
watching anything anymore
nobody it's empty I'm literally here
solo dolo now people already immersed
all my sour keys and all that's left is
these warheads I'm not
gonna eat them because I never want to
see sour again after the video I filmed
I was gonna work out on the main floor
but now I don't thing I'm gonna work out
here anymore I think I'm gonna go
downstairs and bust out a workout come
part way through the workout and I told
you guys I sent out a tweet saying hold
on it's 11:11 make a wish
hi guy wished a million I hardly bear
told you guys to snapchat me and I'm
gonna open as many as possible you guys
froze my snapchat in about two minutes
so the wolf fam is too fucking strong
the snaps just keep they keep coming in
they just keep coming in so I'm trying
to open as many as possible but there's
a lot of fucking snaps coming in right
now it's gonna shoot it's like a burrito
Haiti the beginning yes so I just want
to congratulate you on that and tell you
how much I love you I love you too
shoutout to oh my god you're gone
already
shoutout to Hannah that one's from
Hannah actually got that one open
Wolffe going off right on snapchat Holi
sent me faces of her friend oh fuck I
can't I don't even I don't even know
which one sent it I would have responded
if I knew who sent it to me but thank
you so much I love you too look at this
what are you doing Lionel are you
sleeping on this mattress hey Cleo
you found a mattress to sleep on the
cats are literally in the hall on this
mattress on its siding up top hey Cleo
what are you doing so you guys already
know what time it is
it is the 28th yeah 28th of July I think
hold on let me just check my calendar oh
it's the 29th because it's 1221 but yeah
today is the 28th so keep this first of
all I have to refill that 27 in because
that 27 is asked let's get this DS
Marcos the biggest what I have ok never
mind I was about to draw and then I just
looked this is a permanent marker so I
would have fucked this whole board up
let me put this back you know one day
off but you know the next day we're
already back in this bitch fill in this
one because this one's wrecked 11 12 13
14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 4 I will take
that I will definitely take that I was
just looking up YouTube videos and I
found one counting down my 1 mil so I
guess this is someone's point of view
counting down my 1 mil so how many of
you guys were watching my live
subscriber count with me because it was
going up like crazy there was so many
people I was on periscope from the last
I think a thousand I don't maybe like a
couple hundred and there was it over a
thousand people watching me so I want to
know like comment down below if you guys
are watching my live count going to a
million one thirty one percent this
person trying to be my millionth
subscriber which by the way already
after my giveaway and all that shit I'm
at 1 million 60,000 in like a day and a
half so you guys are quite crazy I'm
glad you guys are enjoying the giveaway
and I'm glad you guys are
video shot as everyone who watched it I
literally I wonder how many people were
trying to get that millionth subscriber
don't worry we're already climbing to
mil quick so oh shit okay
Oh slow-mo slow-mo slow I think you
might have played yourself I think you
might have been a little too slow oh uh
I'll give it to you're close enough you
guys heard it from honey Lin you guys
heard it here first Pete this people
said I couldn't do it but I fucking
elbow is glowing up if you don't support
out like who are you like I don't even
know you're like fucking probably a
prank invasion fan or some shit like
that look at this one lonely cucumber
sitting at my fridge it doesn't know
what to do it lost all its friends if
you guys made it this far in today's
vlog I want everyone to comment down
below I'm here for you baby cucumber cos
Loki this baby cucumber is so damn
lonely like I might just eat him because
he's so lonely I feel bad you see the
one little mini cucumber just chilling
this so everyone comment that down below
so I think I'm gonna end the vlog off
there I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
if you did make sure to hit that like
button
more Wolfie is Loki growing faster than
my main channel in my main channel is
growing extremely fast like right now
I'm just overwhelmed with the support
and even all the support on like my
Twitter my Instagram my snapchat you
guys are going wild all day every day
literally I send out a tweet and like
all you guys respond ASAP I fucking love
that so keep doing that just stay active
and I'll talk to you guys like it's dope
talking you guys oh yeah like I was
saying hit that like button let's smash
10,000 likes minimum on this vlog
because wolf Em's just to let these days
and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we say a little more savage
than my main channel and as always stay
savage yeah
