hey yo what's with your boy wolfy
welcome back tomorrow wolfy I'm waking
up right now watching my two cats trying
to hunt this school down there I don't
know if you guys can see it check it out
it's literally just chillin by the tree
eating its own nuts or something and
these kids are cheesed guys last night
was absolutely crazy we hit a million
subscribers on the main channel
hopefully I can bang out a video for
that by the end of the day but I think
me and Sylvia are gonna go to the store
and pick up a few things because I want
to do a bit of a giveaway I want to give
back to you guys so you'll see on my
main channel I will be doing a giveaway
for hitting 1 million subscribers I'm
not a hundred percent sure on what I'm
giving away yet but I think I have a few
things in mind I wish I had a million
dollars so I could just give like a
billion people things but it is what it
is you guys are gonna get what you get
so we're just getting to the mall now
I'm gonna pick up I think two iPads here
so I'm gonna go to the Apple store get
the iPads and then the next stop is
Walmart quickest iPad purchases of life
we got the iPads two iPads and the girl
in the store is going to check out my
youtube channel so got some iPads and
some extra subscribers rode to two bills
real okay guys so we are going to
Walmart right now we're just leaving
downtown like I said we got the two
iPads and then I might get something
else but I'm thinking I'm just gonna get
the ps4 and the Xbox just know I'm
getting a ps4 too fucking Xbox for you
guys I know I'm gonna give some Amazon
gift cards away I'm thinking about
iTunes gift cards as well but I'm not
100% sure I guess you guys will see you
by the time this videos up by the time
this video is up everything I'm going to
get will have been gotten I guess but
you asked me to
downtown Ottawa 32 degrees but the Sun
is not out like crazy over here is where
there's a skating rink in the winter
it's bless that is City Hall about to
walk in there and tell the mayor I don't
know if it took mayor in there I just
had a milk you should put some respect
my so I'm a woman I just ran into some
fans but I don't know if I'm gonna get a
ps4 and an Xbox or a ps4 or just two ps4
is because I know people rate ps4 a lot
more so I'm gonna send out a tweet and
then whoever gets back to me first on
what they would want that's what I'm
getting
so I'm looking through the comments and
a lot of you guys are saying ps4 but
some of you guys are saying Xbox so I'm
still at a standstill I'm not sure what
I want to get I think I gotta get both
so you already know I had to get the ps4
and the Xbox I also bought two
PlayStation $50 cards but I'm going to
give to you guys and I'm also going to
get iTunes cards and thanks for helping
us tear iTunes cards and Amazon cards
but this should be a bless giveaway
thank you I'm so grateful for you guys
because I wouldn't be here without you
guys I'm so cheese this McDonald's the
drive-thru is closed so they're losing a
customer McDonald's drive-thru side of
the ice-cream machines broken the
drive-throughs closed I'm tired of this
shit I'm on my cheat day I literally
just want to eat as many Junior chickens
as possible and it's closed I'm legit
one of the other McDonald's this is
fucking wack McDonald's if you're
watching this you should have known I
was hitting a mil today and you should
have opened up five drive-throughs at
the same location I'm disappointed and
you'll never
so just as you don't to get out of the
car you're going to another McDonald's
what happens that you got a whip bass
King wolf step on it step on it
okay chill right now I'm editing my 1
million subscriber video and I'm eating
a cucumber so we had just made mad fruit
her but she's instagramming I thank you
so far on snapchat but it's taking a
while to make this video cuz right now
come with our cool I'm just I oh that's
close help
I'm just looking through all the footage
I've ever had I'm just finding important
things that I feel like should go in the
video but there's so many videos so I'm
just trying to find like the really
important ones I hope you guys enjoy the
video when it comes out just know I
worked pretty hard on it so I just
finished editing my huge 1 million
subscriber video I'm pretty fuckin proud
of it it took me literally all days from
when we got home from getting the
giveaway and all that stuff I've been
editing in my room locked away me and
all the boys are in a soccer league and
our first game was tonight but I
couldn't go because I had to get this
video for you guys so you guys will see
the giveaway just in case you haven't
seen the giveaway on my main channel I'm
giving away a ps4 and xboxone two iPads
some PlayStation Store cards I'm gonna
shitload of Amazon gift cards so if you
guys are only subscribe to more wolffian
on my main channel I will leave the link
to the giveaway at the top of the
description on this channel as well it's
completely free basically all you have
to do is subscribe to both channels then
follow me on Instagram Twitter and
snapchat that's it the more things you
follow me on the more chance you have a
winning so everyone as soon as this vlog
is then go down to that giveaway it's
open for the next three weeks I just
opened it and I'm trying to give back to
the wolf am so enter it and because it's
still a cheat day in my eyes Soviet it's
got pizza and garlic bread like you guys
hey shut up to Johnny a pizza pizza and
we got an old and o means sheet bake so
I'm about to muck this pizza definitely
have two slices me and Sylvia on a late
night walk because we both been stuck in
the house all day feels good to get out
and just walk for one such god damn just
eat like a full pizza
so feeling nice right now oh I don't
want to shout out to YouTube YouTube the
actual YouTube account at YouTube on
Twitter tweeted me saying
congratulations on 1 mil so shout out to
YouTube for
being alive and just being YouTube and
letting me post videos on you because
what the fuck how you gonna tweet at me
like we're friends I guess we can be
best friends that shit blows my mind
they saw the video of me freaking out
when I hit a mill got there we found a
balloon on the ground what does it say
on it it says it's French bonne fÃªte I
don't know here I got you a balloon
Sylvia yeah I don't let it hit the
ground oh wow that is a nice helium in
it so we don't let hit the ground yay
boom that could have been like up a
dog's ass who knows where that person
was but look at that float time like
this Yui this thing is a floating how
far how far do you think it came from
I'm putting it in the next neighborhood
ooh guys I gotta hit it over the fence
come on go just go over the fence
just go really oh I got it
we're good we are good peaceful loon
what Oh what just happened do it won't
go it will not go over the fence it just
just go fuck I keep hitting on a
backspin oh yeah it's going oh it's gone
okay it's bad
imagine it's possessed you guys see the
glow you see YouTube YouTube the YouTube
Twitter and congratulations on 1 million
god god yeah look at this I click on
YouTube
BAM got that verification I'm following
you but uh no follow back no fuck it's
all good target mm-hmm I follow anyways
all right so it's 2 a.m. now and I think
I'm gonna go to bed I just wanted
periscope per bit and talked to a bunch
of you guys today has been a hectic day
because I was spending most of the day
editing the 1 mil video and that took a
lot out of me but I really like the
final product like I'm really happy with
what I came up with so I'm sorry for the
short vlog today I'm gonna make it up
and do a longer vlog tomorrow but if you
guys did enjoy the vlog make sure to
give it a big thumbs up we've been
smashing 10,000 likes on all the vlogs
so I'm sure with how active the wolf EMA
is these days we can easily smash 10k
like so go down hit that like button and
if you guys made it this far in today's
vlog I want you to comment down below
Wolfie you're just too generous comment
down below Wolfie you're just too
generous cuz you know i just i bought a
ps4 xbox i pads for you guys I got my
wolf em but anyways that is it for
today's vlog I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we say a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay Savage echo
