good morning a yo what's good at you boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy I'm
currently waiting on the boys to roll to
my house like I said last night in the
vlog the boys are gonna be rolling over
because we're doing an album film day
where we all film videos I don't know if
I'm gonna film 100% today but I know
DJ's filming and I know David's filming
a video so expect some full team out
well videos coming out very soon I'm
guessing they're gonna drop them soon
Cleo has not ran into my room this
morning which is a record you're just
sleeping in this bed it's because I
didn't give her any attention usually my
rooms right there and then Cleo always
sleeps there in the second I open my
door this girl pops her head up and
Sprint's into my room so why don't you
come huh are you sleeping let's see if
she comes now that she's awakened Cleo
video Cleo what are you doing alright
last your chance today you think you're
too cool they think you're too cool you
got some camera time and now you're too
famous too big for me who are you
it is so damn nice outside but look at
this as soon as I let Sylvia drive my
car literally I'm pumping it down I'm
pumping the seat down pushing it all the
way back still pumping it still pumping
it to the lowest level that can go
because she literally drives so close to
the wheel because her legs are way
shorter than mine but you guys know that
the boys should be here any second but I
think I'm gonna go see if I have enough
time to go grab like a salad or
something from the store
cuz the other day when I got two salads
from Wendy's I had another salad in the
fridge waiting for me that I completely
forgot about so I just went to go check
on that salad because I was gonna eat it
this morning for breakfast and the best
before date is like two days ago and my
fridge is really cold so like the
lettuce had like ice on it so I threw it
out so now I need salad so I think I'm
gonna go get that
alright scratch the salad idea I was
just driving out of my neighborhood and
I saw the guys pulling into the
neighborhood so I think I'm gonna make a
smoothie instead you know what it's a
little bit healthier so I'm down I'm
down
so Gidget is setting up his vid right
here we got the griddle he's cooking up
the what I call the dough no not the
dough yeah what's that called just a
pancake it makes thank you
exactly we have these invisible ones
this time so it's gonna look nice and
then the two packs of pancakes no last
time we have the great value this time
you know the game
we got brand name all right I respect
that all whoo guys last challenge I
think I won one of the rounds whoo-hoo
on the other round Jonna on the other
end so we're gonna try and go back to
back yeah you were the Drake hands
I had the backwards six but I had
against the snapchat logo but this time
I'm coming back winning both rounds
hopefully not David didn't which then
you started destroying everyone else's
legit cuz David snake but yeah we're in
this bitch
this is the other set up guys the
downstairs set up so as soon as we're
done DJ's video
we're coming downstairs to film David's
video and dad's video I think I don't
think I'm coming but it's gonna be a
film named you guys the pan is hot I'm
good we'll see how hard it is here
you'll hold on let me burn my face on
you guys call me crazy I'm about to burn
my old bro that's hot okay you're gonna
burn your face right okay go all right
guys so we're halfway done filming DJ's
video it's going pretty well
he's definitely not winning but this is
behind the scenes
Dave's trolling as usual every time we
film this is the fifth hour of filming
but we're getting it done we just
finished and I am murk DJ's thing so
it's a good day my mom spectating we got
live fans cleanup time the outro time
games video just finished shooting
David's video rough one it was a rough
one if you guys want to see David's
video it'll be out on his channel
eventually we did the shot ball
challenge with two shock balls not one
we did one last time but I'll leave this
link at the description youtube.com
slash David parody you guys know who it
is if you guys want to see any of us in
pain severe pain go to that video
whenever it's up and tell it Wolfie sent
you because we share love over here
anyways John's videos next I'm sweaty as
fuck but my Gran's really alright guys
so we just finished filming dad's video
it was a banger now I don't know if I'm
gonna film or what I might take a day
off which is not really common oh yeah
I'm not a million today I'll hit a
million tomorrow but like a technicality
over
I might if I hit a mill overnight I'm
gonna just jump off the near what are we
doing another dice video we the people
want to know you sent me to start a new
year
bro I want to do the paintball thing I
actually just brought with the paintball
thing bride told David when we started
the shot ball challenge today's the dice
games coming so basically so I finished
cleaning up the house because the house
is a mess after we filled my videos it's
always a mess after we finish the album
videos by the way thanks guys I really
appreciate the help
they all left snakes anyways I ordered
something online for a video and I just
checked to see if it was supposed to be
here today I think it's supposed to be
here today so I went on the website and
it says it's delivered but I don't see
it in front my house no one said they
heard a knock on the door or anything so
what I'm thinking is maybe it was small
enough to just fit in the mail so I'm
gonna go pick up the mail keys for my
mom at work and then open my mailbox and
then hopefully it's there because I
really need it I saw this really cool
video idea I really want to try so if
it's not in the mail I'm gonna be
cheesed but it's all good I also just
spent like the last hour reading some of
my comments on YouTube so shut up to all
the people who leave nice comments for
up to people who don't leave nice
comments I don't fuck with you guys
anyways time is tickin and I'm really
supposed to do the workout challenge
against my mom so I might film that
today I'm kind of getting in better
shape I'm not where I wanted to be but I
think I'm good enough to be my mom and a
few exercises that I want to do I'm
gonna pick up the keys from her and then
see if she's down to film that quick
right now so I can have that done today
but I'm not gonna drop a new video today
it's like an off day the first off day
and forever
I'm literally 10k subscribers away from
a million I need to think of what to do
for that so comment some ideas below on
what you guys would want for my million
subscriber celebration I guess not on
this channel obviously we're not in the
mill but my main channel is probably
gonna hit a mill in like the next day or
two days with how everything's going so
far so yeah leave an idea below guys my
mom picked it up the package is in this
bitch what the cat's aren't even here
sleeping
the cats are sleeping anyways guys I got
the package now time to bang with this
video
where's my mail any mail right now he
needs everything I don't know okay Mandy
you got this you got this deep breaths
guys were partway through the workout
challenge my mom's cleaning cat puke
we're almost done your boy is sweaty as
hell right now as you guys can see my
foreheads glistening but you'll see the
results when the video actually comes
out I don't know what I'm gonna drop it
probably in the next week mom how do you
feel about this have you filled with the
challenge yeah I can't do anything what
do you mean you're beating me you're
beating me guys don't listen to my mom
she might be beating me you guys again
you'll see when the video comes out but
I'm just setting up the next exercise I
duct tape the bench press because I
couldn't find the clip for the other
side so I gotta take this off now this
is so ghetto caught this duct tape here
put that there
take this one there we go all right so
now that I'm done filming I put all the
pillows here because I was doing some
next-level move which means I got to put
them back on the couches cleaning up is
always the worst part of a workout or of
a video the cats are outside chillin
cats coming come on Cleo get in see she
listed her all Lionel under the seat all
right let's clean up all right guys one
minute until
Silvia's Kylie thing comes out so we're
refreshing the page right now she's on
her computer over there I'm on my
computer over here I might as well whip
out this computer to know I'm gonna just
we have two computers going just
refreshing refreshing hopefully we get
it six o'clock this stuff should be out
now I got my finger on f5 refreshing
refreshing Silvia's refreshing come on
you're not on how'd you get on you
better hurry
how did you get on how are you honey
guys it won't let me on the site I'm
just trying to get my Kylie lipstick and
it's not leave me on I give up
all right guys bad news two minutes
after even though we were refreshing
like savages the product is sold out
it's already sold out two minutes
what the hell two minutes holy shit
these girls are sitting I'm like savages
guys you are not going to believe this
look at this dinner homemade Caesar
salad in this bitch honestly I think I'm
more than addicted at this point I've
been eating it all the time whether I
get it from the grocery store Wendy's
doesn't matter but now I got nice
chicken mushrooms oh my god
the dressing is definitely a lot
healthier than what I would get at the
stores but my sister made the nicest
fucking salad for dinner I'm M to eat
this so right now I am less than four
thousand subscribers away from 1 million
it's insane the numbers just keep fuckin
flying right now it's on five - right
now my mom's outside of the room on the
phone with my grandma I think my
grandma's gonna stay up to watch the
live sub count and there's a lot of
people shout out to all the people
watching live south count out home means
so we're gonna go to the store and grab
some wine or something and just I'm not
gonna go to bed until I hit one mil
obviously not like you guys know I stay
up late anyway so my goal is not to tear
up when I hit a mil but I'm a savage of
a low-key and emotional guy and this is
huge for me because I've worked so hard
for this so I guess you guys will see on
the main channel what my actual reaction
is once I get that 1 million so let's go
get this wine get my mighty mug I'm
gonna drink out of my mighty mug guys
when you're drinking wine wine is
blessed but if you want to have the best
drink of your life if you can drink wine
of course wine and 7up is lit as fuck
I always experiment with like different
drinks because you know as a two and a
half year old you gotta taste your
different drinks so I'm pretty familiar
with this stuff and I really love my
wine and 7up it just tastes really good
so we got that wine that's 7up that that
cup that doesn't spill you feel me and
we are updated around 3,000 away all
right guys so I am less than a thousand
away from one fucking million
subscribers holy shit I hope you guys
understand but I'm gonna end the vlog
off right now if you guys want to see my
live reaction to my 1 million subscriber
fucking achievement I don't even know
what to say right now it'll be on my
main channel in a few days I'm gonna
work really hard on making a nice video
for that but I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog if you did make sure to hit that
like button for me hitting fuckin 1
million subscribers and just yeah
comment down below someone's calling me
right now and yeah I just comment down
below Congrats wolfy on 1 million
subscribers and I will see you next time
on more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more savage in my main channel and
as always stay savage Lego
