good morning Merry Christmas wolf fam
welcome back to the Christmas special
vlog I told you guys that if you hit a
certain amount of likes I would make two
vlogs today so one of the vlogs is gonna
be strictly like unboxing this is gonna
be like the unboxing with Wolfie present
gift wrapping feel good vibes and stuff
like that you guys been hit 40,000 likes
but you hit a lot of likes so I'm gonna
do it anyways I'm gonna try and get out
both videos
it is Christmas morning right now I just
woke up my eyes are literally dying guys
before the video even starts go down and
smash that like one that's all I'm
asking for Christmas for you guys to hit
that like button let's hit 40,000 on
this one okay we can do it again I know
you guys are the like gods anyways I'm
the like super early
it's not even super early it's like one
o'clock waiting on Dustin to get here
cuz Destin always comes here for every
Christmas and then after that we should
get going on the present gift wrapping
last night I actually drove to our mom's
yeah yeah you could finish your turkey
this isn't it's just the unboxing blog
though so guys last night I slept on
this couch here's my phone charger
Silvia slept on his couch here's her
phone charger it's a long frigging couch
this is the tree that we were working
with this year what the hell is this we
should have had Christmas it's we should
have had Christmas at my house with a
fake tree because this tree is pretty
much useless the star is falling off the
top but yo what nobody knows that movie
memories old movies too old
Whoopie are you anybody you ready hey
Prince and my mom are over there with
their ugly Christmas sweaters my dad
doesn't have was ugly Christmas sweater
but I'm about to hand it to him yeah
you're in twitch that's linking your bio
here's all the presents of me and Sylvia
got we decided not to go to him on the
presents this year this Christmas was
supposed to be a Christmas without any
presents but obviously your boy Santa
wolf he's gonna call presents nothing
insane extravagant okay I didn't get
anyone a new card that but I don't know
I got some stuff that I think people
need and people like that's the whole
goal of this Christmas we have Ariana
Grande Santa tell me on the screen this
song can let Santa tell me are you
really looking anyways and Kanye is
actually Guiness the Christmas to list
as well
so I hope you guys had an amazing day
with your family I hope you got all the
presents you wanted obviously I still
can't get over my eyes but god damn
Merry Christmas Happy Holidays if you
don't celebrate Christmas let's actually
Oh before we get into the presents mom
if you want to film this
I'm giving my dad his ugly Christmas
sweater that I found it yesterday you
can put it on wash your hands wash your
hands mom let me see yours where is that
it's not too ugly well it's not to us
guys as you can see mine's from the
Instagram pic on my Instagram by the way
go like the picture right now here it is
double topic comment and I will friggin
comment back and I'll be following some
of you guys that do Christmas dog
sweater ugly dog sweater it's kind of
late Sylvia when you working with Santa
she has the Santa Claus outfit from this
angle
she literally looks like Santa Claus you
got the wolf pillow here Jo dad wash
your hands wash your hand because I need
to go to the foot washing hands watch
this stop wash your hands
stop yeah I'm getting it I'm getting it
here it is right here
watch your head watch your hands
okay guys I'm just gonna give you any
mask you don't need these look at me I
have the sweater right here dad this is
the sweater that I think fits your
personality the best okay let me finish
what I'm doing just for your information
this sweater though could even sum up
your personality any better can you even
guess why are you trying to be a blogger
I'm the only vlogger here who's trying
to flog the food I'm the only vlogger so
sweet so sure
it's gonna take forever and then it goes
in just wash your hands so he can unbox
these presents
it's like unbox therapy on hurry
I picked other son it for you my dad is
a Christmas Grinch he doesn't even like
grumpy and exactly it's what's actually
sweets my favorite car that fits you
perfectly I guarantee look at the
Christmas green sweater so my dad's got
the Grinch silly Santa my mom's got this
I got this
I think Dustin should be coming I think
he's wearing I don't know I was with him
yesterday when he got it but he's
wearing something funny I think it's a
Rugrats teeth oh yeah Prince doesn't
have a sweater you need you actually
look yellow sweater when you don't need
one Prince but today you don't
it's okay and wolfy you don't sweat it
you're the elves let's get into the
unwrapping of the Christmas
what all the music
I don't need lights it's three o'clock
now because we haven't open presents yet
ok so who's first
oh you don't get to open them all you
can open one at a time yeah
my father long mother and then in lines
in bracket because its welcome you all
so okay Rafi all the days with the
reindeer Mandy Chris we love you guys
all your gifts are a messed up fee
company theme now that you two are
getting more alone time your dad close
your laptop what are you doing guys a
laptop first my mom and dad get the
present first I'm filming literally I
don't say I don't say can we open one
president not talk about that anymore
okay mom you just open it first
yeah at a time one at a time that's how
Christmas is yeah can you just
look at the wrapping on that I wrap them
yeah me and Silvie I promise about half
of them two tutorials I looked up what
do you mean one of those people what do
you mean why can't we all just be people
what is that what to do what do you mean
I please whose leg right what is this
wheeze I don't know whoa chill no no no
no dad no dad first and then you know
he's not enjoying Christmas what did you
get four men four million mugs
let me see the one do they fit are they
too small guys got the Grinch sweater
and the matching uggs with my mom people
yeah yeah he's too scared to show his
shoe fungus feels weird why there's no
socks on me yeah that's what slippers
are all right Tessa is next who's that
from the app I'm not sure who that is
I think I'm gonna guess it's not me yeah
why apart from eggs I wasn't paying
attention that's for me Jesus Christ
he doesn't rapid that's why that's from
the Rito wrappers so what do you think
like what about Santa why did he get
what like what does he not exist like
why does he like why what about Santa
like come on guys don't listen anything
you heard Santa does exist
my dad stripping or actually having nice
slippers permanently
what is the present let's see Prince
no princess presents yeah I got a
present of course yeah okay it's cool
that I was like paying attention to
yours but you're not being pretty
serious about it you don't need to clean
the garbage after every present you can
tell those are gonna make mine who do
they keep myself honestly this is like
another thing that I'll wear like I'm
sure she's wearing the same ones yeah
make you better
they're gifts yeah I actually did
consider trying them all myself oh do
you want to give the dogs their gift yes
Prince you know it's your present you
were trying
one elephant for the dogs crinkle pants
good boy come in look at their they love
it and princess here you print prints
meat sticks those are your favorite
you're never gonna win yeah you're gonna
find those all around the house mix
hidden in yourself boy yeah they're
gonna hide those all around the
Hermitage I think Prince likes um we're
actually Prince loves me presses like yo
give me all that holy time I might have
to take my only Christmas arrow
fireplace is hot sweating like Ryan
Gator the Grinch your ice cold your high
school okay who's next
that's entertain us if your name spelt
wrong then it's from me that's low key
from thanks for taking care of the dogs
is it heavy hopefully there's actually
worse away what is it some headphones
not some good headphones don't worry
yeah what paper oh of course
yo who's next
Dustin okay Dustin you rock we
appreciate you we made some great DIY
this you're always there let's see this
is this the car guys you're wondering
what it says it just says Dustin you
wrap this yourself yeah yeah that was I
did that I didn't do that I didn't do no
I did the other ones but that was nice
to it I know the dogs I had to get to
the same pair I have I like matching
those are Zenor albino - hi Jaime I own
like three pairs of pants they're all
zero so this and this flutter I like it
I could really use the plane Kanye West
look insane rose oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
perfect thank God I bought these like
three times though why not
yeah that's what you get me for
Christmas should I exactly
Nesta might have been in the store when
I got those
the gifts that you don't to buy yourself
but then yeah like a Louis Vuitton
supreme hoodie 10,000 toys I tried to
call it hate to do that of course thank
you so yeah thanks alright next gift
where's your ugly Christmas sweater you
have one yeah it's Christmas it was love
your queen no what's wrong
what I don't want you to open your hip I
need a present okay find open it open it
I need a press sign open it but I was
gonna give you a card but you throw it
away so it feels like shoes no all I
know is I know this box I don't need to
see the logo okay I love you Merry
Christmas it's not the biggest height
based on YouTube you know what this box
is it starts with G as a Ichi that's how
much Gucci I but Gucci shoes she knows
the shoes I've been looking for I've
been looking for a few pairs I've been
looking for these shoes for sole and
long like ridiculous amount of time
because everyone has regular Gucci shoes
I'm a different guy
you got a standout wolf your Escom
different I've been wanting the silver
shoes forever like these ones actually
how'd you get these 13 great
how'd you get them I should called
around you called around no ready no
these are perfect these are swaggy
Gucci shoes Gucci Gucci thank you so
much what the heck I'm aged I wear this
throw what the gift receipt because
reboot your game you like them very -
you know I've been looking for these
these are amazing thank you and watch
this don't miss out on the wash thank
you okay what's the next another one for
your mom and dad whoopee you don't have
any more presents your oh I love you sit
down put in the tray he's actually
staying we're not look at what is it
whoa I wonder these are exactly what I
wanted
oh yeah the ones who gave us the court
who wants to I gave you the court on the
left of the storm
those are awesome
what about the hoodie user Mandy is that
way no one this is the exact hoodie
because there's only like two yeah no
there was only two when was this lip up
and I was like neither one thank you if
you listen to your wife listening anyway
thank you oh thank you
the cameras
Sylvia Watts over okay dad Nick I hope
it's a house it's a really nice is what
I'm gonna wear around the house naked
now no kids in the car I told you all
your presents are related to thank you
not yet not yet man do you have to open
one for you as DJ Khaled would say I
appreciate you you can wear them with
your slippers
exactly look at your that were the
wintertime exactly doesn't matter but
the order what's that what is it Oh
welcome to the news game now that's a
nice one too
yeah you're exactly Firefly is not gonna
cut it try it on that's lady thank you
makes you look like a young next base
layer to order damn it the more you say
the more hints you like to test from
Charles and Sylvia and Whoopi jr. and
Ray
and it's heavy too what do you think it
is I mean now that I can see this like
little fake metal little handle Mar I'm
not sure yeah that one's really good
don't open this one might be too good
quality I need to open no you you're
gonna need to research on that magazine
cuz that one is like the best in the
store anybody prints you didn't get one
that's actually insane
ya actually seem like that is insane
that'll pick up all the flaws too it'll
make it so much clearer yeah that's
everything won't be so much like a coil
wrapping but your order we already
messed up the order not we're just gonna
do random okay Silvia me open it this is
to test is it yeah silly I thought it
said this one this one this one this one
to my boo from Daddy Wolfie don't
probably that kid just open it open it
over here hold on hold on this is
something you've been wanting Charles
you ready got me nothing I know that's
all I ever need it what is it can this
will I be roughly uh nah
what is that don't get your hopes up you
pick the perfect I know I did
hey Dad cash why do I have so many
presents she's opened her
another John Deere present nice another
director I don't need anymore don't care
about the tape this open I don't need
anymore oh how come yours is black and
mine because he is black what did we see
what I'm saying you're black black and
white and she's white what are you
saying about that yeah yeah I'm saying
I'm racist what's your issue very sick
good come on put the hood down it's not
like it's a good brush for the
conversation going on just what's in
this box if your math is right 1 1 2 2 4
4 what's the next whoop a you like the
present right Zack what mom knows mom
what's red Zach tell him what what do
you mean you're pissing me off hey I've
seen this where have you seen that I
think are twins we have matching coats
winter jackets
matching coats now have another cup it's
on the table
hold on let me get my yeah yummy we
can't go this we can't go anywhere the
same time yes of course again
look at this go stand next to him you
guys look amazing
imagine Wow matching alert now I'm as
they try to market double XL how do you
feel how do you like it it looks like an
entire recording studio in charge of all
posit where all of the cats pew yeah
I'll be there look look at me I probably
have like I really want to guess the
price of all of this you don't know I
really don't know don't think about the
price I spy a red one of the very bottom
for Destin this my notice is he's gonna
be such a surprise that he finds out
Charles just literally asked people what
they want for christmas if I give him a
brand
alright okay he picked her ears all by
himself
this is the most I would buy this for
myself
this is a very dusted shirt yeah I'm
wearing these pants I'm wearing them no
I was also wearing the winter colonies
have a gift gift exchanges yeah yeah
yeah yeah I'm have your size exchange
outs ordered yeah yeah we have the gift
receipt these are my favorite pants
that's right I'm gonna show you a
different color I got three pairs don't
worry you can get the beige but I knew
you liked those pants because I've seen
them lately like somebody's wearing why
would you ignore the camel ones yeah
really yeah I told them why not wouldn't
wear them I was like not about two extra
for them very very they're on the far
side of it but I've thought about them
for a while I'd rather the big one for
sure this is from Dustin what do we have
here um
Nike I got a workout now again this is
Loki telling me you need to work out go
back to mention three claims no this is
mad comfy I can already feel it there's
multiple I'm stressed getting into
fitness
this is also very nice guys make you so
classic I'm aged does this get me
workout gear
no low key this one's like wait look at
the camera I can show off the biceps not
good I'm gonna get that this is sick
this outfit yeah work it still got guns
but blue shirt is for motivation get to
that level where they're headed to Kris
Jenner because I saw a rapping so she
clearly did an amazing job baby
see that nice work for me great rapping
he liked the wrapping and I don't think
you have those no I don't those are
really nice I do not have these so the
Grinch loves it
okay Tessa let's go I know what's this
one not the same one seems like a double
gift we have that one now I got you here
you go
are you good as they're fine
I'm sure I'm sure it is
give me this I'm like you need this to
usually didn't like that Mike you need
like sometimes everything yeah it's an
interface audio that's amazing honestly
I can't even like I'm telling you the
microphone is better than like studio
microphone that's actually and the other
one the other one is like you need that
- this would be one of those gifts where
you buy it for someone because you want
to use it yeah he likes and I go get
rice you can tell you this dish part two
I'll need that my clothes all of these
things I know like this is at least
probably like $45 at least just bad
carnival prices don't worry about the
dogs and that is priceless this kind of
Sylvia 2's Club from Wolfe am what's
that it's Fendi I when I thought is
better than the Louie Vuitton when you
want it and it was an in with she's been
wanting a mini-vac Fendi
take the mango
do you like the bag or not do you like
the bag or what it's even better cuz you
picked it out you think both these oh I
love them good job I have good swag
let's see you mentioned something you
don't have that's a nice wallet that's
that's cool
thank you miss wallet that thing is
crazy
thank you no one has that oh look it
comes with care instructions
I think me Chris is the same person Loki
I know just carry carrot cards - I got a
well for my little bit now I have to
actually use a wallet Tania you didn't
get a present
you got to spend Christmas with you yeah
who took his Easy's who took his Easy's
and sold them what the hell you sold out
of that change Nick I hope this is
something to do with working out
yeah john deere alert he I was waiting
right I was looking at a matching this
we got to match so I was waiting for
when is the routes coming okay this is
this is my at home outfit for sure nice
I can't wear socks now no fluffy also
don't run too fast most corduroys may
start fires listen man those are these
are mine come on Christmas Nick you
remind me of analyst what is it
Jesus okay
can we use open it these it is a mess
over here you guys don't know roots is
like huge in Canada mad comfy comfort
winter amazing what size saying I should
have our roots toxic what's going on
here literally they have roots in the
states oh it's roots Canada that's why
yeah guys the only presence that you can
buy someone that has everything this
video supplies yes this is gonna be in a
vlog get ready speak out everyone knows
this challenge where's the guy distress
be code challenge this is a grandpa
would give me this see how many times
you can keep it up I already tangled on
these these are gonna break later
typical I actually been looking at this
game every time I'm in the store I
always think about it because like I
used to play this all the time Laska
later slinky you go to that square and
just throw it down it keeps going
that's a blog title a fork four-sided
rubik's cube their tooth too much where
it says new and improved yeah that's
like the new high eighty-nine now
aged pawn Pete
Tommy Hilfiger Ponte who Bobby's why'd
it large what size are you
it goes by waist size what size are you
yes oh yay we have a few more guys wait
what's this one that goes with the
speaker oh the lyrics is for the song
you go these are lyrics for the speaker
basic I have a couple videos I need to
do now before I go back to Elliot okay
yeah this is from my mom yeah I was
gonna say this one is why he needs to
read that Mars and Venus in the Benjamin
guides is wrong romance and passion
thanks for looking out yeah you didn't
say anything else test run hold on I
have the president has to give us a
moment
you do you can have that just saying
those were all my recycled clothes
Wow you ladies are marching I needed a
good headphones have been the only thing
I've been using for songs and one of
them doesn't work they haven't worked
since the beginning I knew warranties oh
no one chips and things to get are you
Santa why does it matter what your
intent is here we go
very funny and she's a blogger I'm a
vlogger where's that for why is she so
happy with a bundt cake I don't like
bundt cakes that much I just like to
bake and now they always ask for like
bun cake fans and I never have a bike
pants or not have one
music exactly Halloween ideas so now I'm
good to go
you know I always ask well that's
that looks like let's see wait small I
just try to do our lives if it doesn't
fit
he's an extra-large hey this looks like
a professional Reggie please
sexy theme Mandy gave me the same thing
last year Jesus Aziz thank you all right
guys we'll just be back when this one's
then this is what yeah this is comfy
thank you
Thank You Mandy where oh I know who that
is
oh wait oh god wait wait wait wait wait
wait before you open this okay do you
say that okay before you yes okay
because this one seriously this is is
this the last present I'm not emotional
what do you mean I'm frickin emotional
it's a big one okay you guys seriously
though this is a big one
Mandy and Chris before you open this
just no Silvia speeches oh come with
that we love you guys and also we know
that you guys love us and we know that
everything's gonna be perfect and you
just open it okay
shut up that's not true I know already
quick I could not conceive everyone
watch branches
your mommy really needs pregnant pranks
Miss Harle
she's the do here which is that she said
first you need to get engaged yeah okay
is that all the problem not even a lie I
was really stressed out
I was like I'm holding my breath I
didn't hear Chris's heartbeat like okay
let's get the puppy actually I'm gonna
get a puppy anyways guys I think that's
all the presents you can't get pranked
she's gonna crash guys I hope you
enjoyed that if you did make sure to go
down and smash like 135 thousand likes I
could have let that prank go I could
have had everyone in the room crying if
I really wanted to I'm a nice son so you
should be thankful anyways guys let's
hit 35,000 we'll do more praise for
ferrets comment down below what you want
for Christmas and I got you in Christmas
spirit I'm gonna be doing a follow spray
on my Twitter and my Instagram so you
guys already know Wolfie raps on Twitter
Wolfie on Instagram I'm gonna be
following on a follow like at least 50
people so because it's the least I can
give back to you guys
so make sure to go spam my Instagram
with likes and comments my twitter was
just engagement and I'll do it
Merry Christmas Happy Holidays to you
guys and I will see you guys soon amo
who we still have more hours on my main
channel and as always stay savage like
you
