hey yo what's good at you boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy I'm starting
the day off good because I just got an
email back from Guinness World Records
they were supposed to get back to me in
like two to three months but they got
back to me within I guess maybe two
weeks so they said my application has
been accepted so I just need to send in
evidence and stuff for me breaking the
nose quarters record so right now I'm on
the site and I'm sending in my evidence
I just crossed off the X 4 yesterday
because I forgot to do that last night
drinking out of my mighty mug because
you know this thing is amazing it
doesn't fall over like this thing's
ridiculous
I guess that's permanently gonna be my
new coffee mug in the morning I want to
get a haircut today but I want to film a
bunch of stuff today too so I don't know
what I'm gonna do yet so he is just
editing but uh yeah got to make a quick
stop at bulk barn because I have to pick
up some video supplies looking for some
sour candy if you know what I mean
I was always addicted to candy as a
child so I'm gonna do something I'm
going to attempt something that's going
to be hard for the average person but me
I used to eat candy until my tongue got
sore everyday so I don't think this is
going to be too tough for me but you
also have the biggest stomach
I don't I've never thrown up I've never
thrown up I never throw up on my videos
guys That's not me guys I got a bunch of
sour candy I'm getting sour keys now and
then there's warheads on the other side
that I need to pick up especially you
might even get candy garbage but I'm
just finding the most sour stuff I can
find David look what I found at the
store
sriracha hot chili chips bro I might
copies for you right now
you know what I'll call these for you
I'm a good friend I did not think the
store had the warhead sour juice but we
found them we found them who was sour
gummy worms they're not that sour sour
fruit berries sour big blue put sour
munch sour sour patch kids
we need those the ripoff friend of
course is okay tell me if you were one
of the people at your school that rated
baby Bell cheese every day there was
always kids that rolled to our school
with baby Bell cheese and we knew they
were their rich kids because they have
just a block of cheese every day for
lunch my mom never gave me these she
always gave me like the the cheap T
strings i rated like the orange one in
the white one but comment down below if
you guys ate this baby belches like it's
good but I never got it
but peeling the wax off this cheese was
amazing how are you doing
why'd you punch me
are you in a hurry you better book it
yeah you better boot Kate Sylvia you
better bouquet I know it's funny flannel
you didn't want to fuck with me back
then how about now
cuz I got food right now sriracha
sriracha God you are a snake Oh Cleo
were you coming from you want to be
friends too wait wait you just want to
be friends you don't see that I have
food now you just want me for okay we
could be friends and Lionel why you guys
are so nice
thanks guys so I'm dying right now I'm
currently editing the video where my
dad's reading comments about what he
looks like someone said he looks like
Don teal not at all oh you guys are too
savage like this is so funny to edit a
dad's reactions are priceless Bay yeah
she's not ready for the camera
I just love shelf in the camera in your
face hey tell them a joke teller wolf am
a joke is there yeah what's the joke I
said who's there s club s who s loves
better than wolf in there basically the
same because wolf Anne is also fairly s
fun because they love me do my muscles
you can be part of more than one YouTube
family kilos
usually yes yes is Jake's Fang as Jake
is gone when a Jake leave last episode G
on Bachelorette The Bachelor okay chase
mom will you do a reaction to hit hit or
miss with me yes you don't know what
that is
what's hit or miss you'll do it guys if
you want me and my mom to your reaction
to hit or miss Jacob start Teresa song I
love this kid stop hating on Jacob he's
my boy okay if you guys want me to do a
reaction with my mom just hit that like
button and we might actually consider
doing it check this footwork out check
this footwork out check check this
footwork out who can do ho hold up I got
this check this footwork out Oh Oh check
this footwork out all right you know
this stupid volleyball I thought that
the magic was real Joe Joe Joe Joe I'm
fine
you see him look so heartbroken Joe Joe
I thought Joe John with the fuck put me
the fucking limo that's it he say get
out but he's like I'm trying to smash
maybe if I hug her she'll not change
your mind where is she lying I care so
much fuck me laughter let you go
he does look cute Jojo his turn this
modeling gigs at home yes we can sign
him early he was alive all right it was
a light he said it was alive
where did she say it was alive alive
whoo-hoo Jojo I don't want to watch this
I'm too busy focusing I'm focusing on
the cats that you guys locked outside
you guys are locked out a lion oh I got
you
Cleo Cleo you're locked Oh - I know
good job locking the cats out you locked
them out you should see them they
sprinted into hiding hot load Cleo
you're locked out a quick update on that
this is wet that's not weapon quick
update on the subscribers we have like
nine hundred and seventy-three thousand
we are flying to a mill and I'm trying
to pump out as many videos as possible
but you know I'm literally dying like
I'm legit forgetting what the outside
world is like like all day today I
picked up supplies and then I've been
sitting in my room all day editing
because I've been trying to drop like
daily videos to push to the mill but
just like my fitness and just like my
eating and doing everything you got to
do everything in moderation so I'm not
trying to burnout because if I keep
dropping every single day I know you
guys are gonna like it and trust me I
like it too I like to drop every day
because it's crazy because you see your
channel grow so much faster but with
more wolfie in the vlogs that i'm doing
lately i can do everyday uploads but
with my main channel if i'm trying to
drop bangor after bag after bag after
banger literally i don't think it's
possible to do it every single day maybe
there's some youtubers that do it but
they have help and it's just me solo
dolo so I'm trying my hardest to get as
much content out as possible to you guys
and I have so many ideas in my head it
just takes time your boy needs to relax
sometimes sit on the spinny chair the
swinging chair look out into the
distance and just be like yeah that's
life
I don't know what I was trying to say
there I always forget that cats are
hunters but then look at them they're
literally in the exact same position
just hunting birds right now even though
they never do anything this is this is
hilarious
Lionel clear what do you see what do you
see Cleo
I mean Cleo see you something I'm gonna
go check what she sees lion what do you
see
little squirrel this squirrel Cleo what
do we see what do we see Cleo what are
you looking at no no no no I don't think
when you're on the edge
what are you hissing at what do you what
are you hissing at what do you see relax
Cleo I'm here what what Cleo definitely
see something I don't know if it's a
bird whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa okay now
she just paranoid okay we're going
inside no we're going inside so the key
to making a blessed video is having
people watch it before you export it and
then finalize everything so I always ask
Silvia to watch the video before I even
export it and that's before I even
upload anything so I'm gonna go ask her
what she thinks this new one what are
you cleaning those cheese see who are
you doing I go back to business
Silvia guess what buddy YouTube for a
second you want to watch my new video I
might upload tonight you are we'll go to
YouTube
yeah both go to youtube and then um are
you gonna buy your MacBook soon computer
so sweet MacBook Air problems
yeah just if you can log out guys look
at this lighting clicked on trending
okay scroll down I want to see if it's
there is it there I might have played
myself I always clear myself like this
I'm cheese it was mmm see it's just a
little on the trending page again let's
go
wolf am you guys are crazy you're
killing it getting me on the trending
page like two weeks in a row
god damn over 500,000 views in 22 hours
Oh what the hell why did you guys
support me like this before I love you
guys
thank you for getting me on the trending
page again mom cause the b√°b sturdy
cause it I said posit not harvested oh
no please this is quit as important this
is important this is important
it's not open that laptop do you know
your password you don't know your
password
why are you gonna like okay I'm not
filming it login no one's gonna steal
your talk about wait should I go on the
internet go on YouTube I already knew it
was on the turning page there you go
okay now click on the trending I just
want to see if it's all yours do all
right now what do we see on the training
page trending trending trending trending
all right we got leafy of course some
Casey of course they always make the
training pages sure loss no friggin
Michelle Obama
you guys stop hogging the trending page
and leave some room for your boy alright
but if we keep going down what do we got
anything whoa
trending page of YouTube cop the never
skills part to trending page again wolf
fans crazy for when I was on the chenni
page it was only on my phone and you
look on your phone and you can see it
but it wasn't on that before and now
it's on that one wow that's like
American Canadian whatever trending page
we made it just looking out in real time
subscriber counts Sylvia is about and
Twitter K more wolfy hit it Sylvia
sitting as god damn we are glowing up
we're going up Wow don't let anyone tell
you you can't do something I'm cooling
you the world's wrong right now no time
for sleep no time for sleep I fucking
love you guys what are you trying to do
some dude dumb getting some my
subscribers so quick oh my gosh can hold
me no you can hurt yourself Charles oh
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
can you help did you oh my god I'm
scared I do some crazy shit when I get
so many subscribers so quick oh my god
dinner rip your pants guys that's my
mini workout because it's a yo I wonder
if I can climb this the wolf hem would
like it so in the two seconds I was
outside my cats managed to run outside
okay now I gotta find Cleo Cleo hey are
you always hunting and now Lionel snuck
off in Miami one time and Cleo inside
I'm just going outside a at my phone
you're not going out no this is not a
thing this is not a thing stay stay stay
good cat stay stay stay stay okay oh no
he's staying go grab my phone see if
she's in the same spot Wow
I'm gonna open it don't move don't move
today state state state state okay he's
not listening try to make it seem like
you're a good listener you're not
listening how am I supposed to tell the
wolf am that my cat's listen to me when
you're making me look bad so I just
finished an ab workout and now me and
Sylvia headed off to McDonald's she
needs her vanilla cone she craves a
vanilla cone every night at like 1:00 in
the morning so we're gonna go get that
I'm gonna go grab two cups of ice water
hopefully they give me like the actual
big cups and all the small cups cuz yet
can't give me the small cups I don't
know if I already set this in the vlog
but an update on my ear and a thing in
my ear was just like a piece of wax and
randomly I was just scraping my ear
today or just
my ear and it came out really easily so
I think all the stuff I did actually
worked but but it worked in like the
long run so like it came out a day and a
half late but it still came out but yeah
I just had a nice ab workout got that
under my ear so I can hear nice doesn't
hurt anymore
I feel clean because I just showered
tomorrow I have to be up really early
because apparently we're having an elbow
film day we haven't had one in a while
so in the morning we're gonna try and
bang out a few album do I have an idea
for one of the videos I want to film but
it all depends on how much time we have
and I think David's trying to film
something for his channel
I know DJ's gonna film pancake art
challenge part 2 so yeah we'll see what
time I go to bed if you guys see me in
the future in their videos or in my
video and I'm like half asleep you guys
know I just didn't go to bed that night
so alright your total comes up to three
dollars I'll be ready everyone oh thank
you I got my two ice waters I'm but to
chug them back I dropped my camera that
was a flop I was trying to be cool and
get the shot no it's happening please
see how do you do this oh god Tom home
now I think I'm gonna hop on twitch for
a bit and then play some games but I
think I'm gonna end the vlog off here I
hope you guys enjoyed if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up we've
been hitting 10,000 thumbs up on all the
vlog so far so go smash that like button
right now and if you guys made it this
far in the vlog today I fucking love you
guys and I want you to leave a comment
down below so I know you made it this
far I want you guys to comment down
below Sylvia doesn't know how to make
mini pizzas I want everyone to comment
on below Sylvia doesn't know how to make
mini pizzas because she left the top of
the box on my mini fridge for some
reason so I need to remind her not to
leave stuff on my on my precious mini
fridge again so leave a comment down
below again I hope you guys enjoyed and
I will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we say a little bit more savage in
my main channel and as always stay
savage now go
