hey let's get a super wolfy welcome back
tomorrow wolfy I'm on route to Costco
with my mom we ran out of whatever inner
toothpaste and coffee which I've been
meaning to get for a while so I might
get my Costco membership today but for
sure I have to get to places like the
past day and a half I haven't had any
toothpaste so my teeth are like kind of
beat you floss your teeth down not you
that's warm Brendon brush guys you know
what after I got my braces off I don't
even like fucking you I don't like doing
anything to my teeth every day at the
ice claws Banks place today you're crazy
no I'm guys even if I get half of these
I'm never going back to the dentist my
teeth don't feel healthy crossings oh
that's your fault huh if you plot the
dentist fucked me over now I don't
attach my takes like exercising if you
don't exercise you don't even know you
feel like shit okay guys just my mom's a
psycho if you fly shout out to you twice
a day it's a little too much maybe once
a day I agree with that but yeah I'm
gonna go get a boss every time I can say
except for that one time you got look
through videotape teachers this is
exactly the beat that's my mom we have
arrived at Costco and as you can see we
are the farthest parking away not even
in my car this time my mom's driving but
we are still the furthest the way you
could possibly go usually my dad parks
in like this corner and Costco's there
my mom's like right there cause goes
there runs in the family
all right guys I officially got my
Costco membership card you can barely
see but I'm smirking like an idiot on
the card
we are officially grown-up and now I can
buy my ad pack of coffee cake ups right
here so I'm a cop this 90 toothpaste we
got stuff I got my stuff
extra whitening teeth stuff you guys
already know your boy has not eaten
breakfast yet so we're going to win
these guys know I'm getting my salad my
chicken Caesar salad cuz uh still fast
my mom thinks it's fast food but my rule
is as long as it's better than what I
would have eaten if if I wasn't on my
diet which is a large pizza tonight I
would eat a large pizza if I wasn't on
my diet or like five genius chickens
you've been no any support no so I'm
just gonna get a salad today chicken
Caesar salad let's tell them Wolfie
Wolfie or wolf the regular Wolfie or
regular for wolf and please tell them
that you're on the vlog you have to not
guys hit that like button my mom will
tell them wolfies uh the Wolfie regular
you wanna be in my next video you have
to be a savage to stay the regular I'll
have wolfies regular no they said no
nothing they hit the like button you
have to it chaos it - say please - Abel
peas who you said you say no wolfies
regular no mom right now this quick just
good what do you want I'll see it can we
get wolfies regular hello yeah
can we get the chicken Caesar salad
chicken Caesar salad please
sky is acting like he doesn't know who
the fuck I am so I'm gonna tell him to
subscribe to my shit right now saying
the coffee cups glowed up not this one
hold up check this out look at this it
was original house blend but then this
is what the lid looks like look at these
ones I think these are the same ones but
they glowed up black and red my favorite
color is goddamn original blend looking
ass yeah what'd you say movie what
you're not going to see to my boy please
oh let's see if Jacob Sartorius has the
power make up surgeries here we go
really okay
that's a yes
alright guys so I just finished filming
my impossible spilling cup thing alright
whatever you guys will see it on my main
channel by the time this vlogs up we got
a little bit of a mess here you know
other water bottles and stuff like that
but it went pretty good this cup is
low-key like impossible to spill I
didn't think I was actually gonna be
impossible I thought it was just one of
those like infomercial things but it was
kind of cool so you guys will see
alright guys so I just finished filming
a video where I read comments with my
dad it went pretty well I'm about to go
to the boys house has something on
fucking lip yeah got it
anyways I'm about to go to the boys
house and edit / chill John and DJ are
there and I'm making my brother of
coffee hold up put that down
start this coffee but yeah Chad and DJ
are there and we're gonna partially edit
and then partially game me and Jenna
probably gonna take a few overwatch
breaks because we're addicted to that
game I wanted to give a shout out to the
wolf am again I've been shoving you guys
out a lot lately but it's insane we're
we are less than 50,000 subscribers away
from 1 million on my main channel I was
just at 700 K I swear I was just at
7-under K so it's just been insane the
support you guys have given me I'm
grindin super hard for you guys I'm
trying to pump out a lot of videos on my
main channel and one on this channel
like basically every day I've been
uploading every day on this channel for
like over two weeks now I'm like it's
pretty blessed it's a lot of work but
I'm down
right for you guys so yeah just thank
you for all the support you guys have
given me lately it's insane
I haven't you need my salad and it is
for 12:00 because I've been grinding all
morning but when I get to the boys house
I'm gonna muck my salad quick and then
edit about to be a big edit fest in here
computers on deck editing on deck
editing on deck geez
let's get in today's behind the scenes
and the boys house editing ahead it
breaks in this room robbery shoo hoops
oh geez you get one try we're playing
horse let's a butter pig pig Hey Oh Oh
see what's y'all all net all net oh yeah
you got long arms you're out of the net
- okay shit hey Pete oh please know how
to get this money if I get this in yeah
I was just like y'all all right lo he
had this gave you my tit horse key that
beat horse no okay are you guys doing
shots hey what are you doing uh uh hey
yeah what was that look buddy
nice nice recovery that is recovery he's
like I've stepped too deep into this I
have to continue on yeah otherwise I
look great I like here my trusty dog
anyways let me finish this game
Bry hit two in a row off the ground yeah
alright a trickshot they're here did you
let me do this one job here we go ready
three two one oh okay okay
plus there's a left-hander piece I'm out
your pocket just don't hold your hand
like that again and what's the shot ball
oh okay I'm done I'm done I retired I
come home to watermelon steak stir-fry
but water is pretty important banana
cakes not important not so I don't like
bananas but yeah I got water mom you
better be safe this is my car
well if you crash it gimme gimme if you
crash it whoa whoa whoa don't crash my
car
Kyle take it back hey little crash the
car first I'm giving sylia my car your
good driver you don't crash I'm not
jinxing okay okay don't
ah I think
what the first time sillies getting my
car and I'm not in the car you know been
keen on you don't crash sure okay father
I should have it everything right isn't
so open it's a Sunday it's not Walmart
you gotta go quick this blend is Walmart
clothes 11 I think try and don't park in
the very back and lock line okay so I
just dropped my two videos it's workout
time gotta get DS Dustin's working out
we're doing a mini workout or something
he also was chef Dustin and made me a
nice fajita quesadilla or whatever you
want to call that burrito type thing I'm
gonna have that after the workout
because it's gonna be more effective I'm
gonna need those meats when I'm done my
workout so to the basement we go what
are you doing in here trying to think of
what is make my tummy what you're
exposing thumbnail secrets all right
guys so I'm gonna start with some
push-ups this is how you do them all
right guys when you're working out you
really want to work for your food so
you're just gonna go down well take a
bite come back up eat at the same time
take a bite over one huh sour cream
we've all written
that's so good okay guys so we're
partway through the workout Dustin's
doing curls and get a set of curls you
already can see you boys getting a
little bit thinner I'm feeling strong I
can actually work out for a lot longer
than I could like a few weeks ago and
it's only like two or three weeks in so
the progress is happening I don't know
if you guys can tell any difference yet
because you can't really see much but I
think I have more definition of my arms
that are getting stronger so this diet
wolfy shit is working out for the best
thank you everyone for supporting me so
far what are you doing so hard come work
out I really struggle yeah come work out
are you done the video all right good
let's see good they're like a dusty rose
like I move color and that's cool I love
this nail polish like legit it's so nice
look at it this is the Loreal nail
polish the best alright guys I'm on
twitch right now playing some over watts
with Sean and Jack I think I'm going to
end the vlog off here I have a long day
I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
we've been smashing 10,000 thumbs up on
all the more wolfy vlog so far and we
just hit 200k we're flying already so go
down and hit that like button and if you
guys made it this far in today's vlog I
appreciate the hell out of you and I
want you guys to comment down below so I
know you made it this far on today's
vlog one day Wolfie will lift that Cup I
want you guys to comment one day Wolfie
will lift that Cup because if you guys
have seen my main video you saw how hard
it was for me to knock that Cup over the
cup that never spill so comment that
down below and I will see you guys soon
on more Wolfie where we say a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage I know
