good morning eh yo what's cutest boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy I am
editing a video right now but I have not
eaten it's 1 p.m. so I'm gonna go
downstairs and either have some like
leftover spaghetti from last night a
snack something I need food right now I
had my coffee earlier so I'm wide awake
and I have a candle set up here because
my room smelled like ass for some reason
but so they just want to work so I'm
home alone for the day essentially what
is this thing doing here I might wear
this you how do I smell like this at
times anyways I'm going to throw this in
the wash and get some food from
downstairs
you guys I'm boiling water so I can have
more pastor than last night because
there's not that many noodles but also
cooking my smoothie and what else my
result and we oh yeah an avocado I'm
gonna have an out of another to add a
piece of sushi so it's fine these are
too hard this is perfect Lionel you
still don't know how to open the door
like your sister she's younger than you
and she can open it
don't you see these claw marks put your
head in there alright you got this buddy
come on squish your head in there
where's Cleo Cleo open the door for my
animals showing how to do it
Shaun show lion how to do it hi she
doesn't carry snail you're stuck the
plan'll you gotta do it in you gotta
learn one day wanna walk I'll let you in
closing it closing it come on in fool
super much I know what
alright Lana's : okay there we go so I
thought my stomach was way bigger than
it was I had like two smoothies and then
that mainly filled me up I had a piece
of sushi and then I made like this big
plate of pasta but by the time I got to
the pasta
I was already bloated so I'm gonna have
that for lunch you know it's probably
way past lunchtime by the time I'm going
to eat it but it might be a dinner thing
but my stomach is already starting to
shrink like I'm eating less and less and
less so that is a good thing but I wish
I could have had the pasta for lunch
guys watching some UFC got my pasta with
a lot of sauce I think I put a little
too much sauce but finally done editing
my videos so I have some relaxing time
before I head in my vlog
Silvia's about to come in from work so
probably gonna do like a quick workout
or something in between but we'll see
ask me on the screen right there this
one is me
that's my mom scrapping you yeah you're
the light guy on the black guy so yeah
yes right you smell you're so rude I
don't smell I smell like I can smell you
from here I smell like the Marc Jacobs
Daisy with you I can see your stench
coming off you right now that's right
there
guys I'm just editing my more wolfy vlog
in this bitch on my laptop going off my
computer for now I had to switch it up
with the left like Ginobli
still got workout tired I might need an
energy drink or some coffee or some sort
of caffeine in my system because I'm
groggy my room is just gross guys Silvia
can claim her $100,000 plaque right now
it's been long enough so that she can
join the wolf fam on this wall with my
100,000 subscriber plaque how I welcome
to the club yeah you do get one claim it
Wow claiming it today's your day so are
you gonna have your own plaque Wow this
means so much to me
I would love to think yes you could hear
you can fall like this to Neverland guys
I'm running away for Sofia hey don't put
me without a bra because everyone says I
have pointy boobs you ready here so yes
why you never wear a bra imagine you
have Kim Possible boobs Kim Possible
yeah well they're your girlfriend's
boots I'm down got my water bottle here
we're in the workout room we're gonna do
some push-ups body weights down you
doing you do some fitness get some gains
in before bedtime my videos dropping in
an hour which means I have about 45
minutes to an hour to workout me say to
the camera great come say this to the
camera what say it to the camera
come back down here we go oh oh shit
what are you getting what are you doing
over there oh wow you missed me you
literally miss me
and got this I'm out of here
peace
okay we're done we're done we're done
Machoke jad put it down put it down I'll
come down I was running after I was
running after Charlie to get him with
this water and then he ran outside so I
locked him out yeah take that try and
prank me again you're locked out this
way don't prank me he'll know you're
sleeping out there tonight buddy
sure sleep out there - okay
let me go get some more stupid boy I'm
gonna get him when he's least expecting
it it's probably not the most convenient
way to spray him but whatever oh my god
hmm just back away
yeah yeah that does it so I'm too nimble
for you it all are you know I don't
freakin prank you I can't it's kind of
warm out there walking it again all
right looks like I got to do an outdoor
workout because Sylvia locked me out see
if I can see her head work how this go
around sighs I thought a rat's back
inside but she does have the code so you
don't get any code you're a snake
she tried robbing my phone she can't get
hit and do anything don't lock me out I
have to do stuff today don't look this
doesn't do it
yay by the way I wanted to show out the
fucking more wolfy fam guys like this
you see that number right here hold up
that number we hit 200k on the second
channel the past few weeks on the second
channel have been insane and now we're
hitting 200k in the second Channel
yo I so what the second channel may even
pass the first channel so shout out to
all the people that came from the very
beginning shut up to all the people that
are just joining now whether you just
found my videos like last week or like
two years ago and I actually started
pumping out content doesn't matter I
fuck with all you guys I appreciate you
guys for subscribing to more wolfy if
you haven't subscribed to my main
channel go to that channel too because
there's bangers on that channel but I
appreciate you guys you guys are just
too nice to me like that
BAE's always supporting watching my new
video dropping over there probably my
mom and dad are watching it downstairs
cuz I soon as video drops within half an
hour everyone that's in my house has
seen the video so shudder to my family
for supporting me too I appreciate
everyone also shout out to all the
people that are fuckin with my new video
on Wolfie raps DIY draw
- on glass DS test getting a lot of
support on that video - so thank you for
all the main channel supports the wolf
famous Rd act 940 K 940 - I was just
that like literally in my mind I'm still
at like 600 K and then before that I was
at 400 K like how do you remember going
from maybe even like 200 K like I don't
remember going from 200 K to where I am
now 940 K in my mind I'm set I'm at 700
K and then I feel like I just flew from
like I'd be like 400 K to 700 K and this
is just too much too much support update
on my ear it's still fucking hurts as
soon as I put my finger in ever put
anything in it so I'm probably gonna
have to work the doctor about that I
don't want this I hope it's not one of
those friggin bugs I don't think it's a
bug in my ear I think it's just like a
scab or just like dried up wax or
something but it's annoying okay it's
annoying all my most recent for my more
wolfy I asked you guys how much I have
to pay you to swim across this lake I'm
reading some of your guys comments now
and you guys are wild because I said it
would take me like a couple grand
because I fucking I hate seaweed and I
hate that shit but you guys I'm reading
through some of the comments and Stephen
says that he would do it for nothing
just for fun you're insane and he's like
that's an easy swim ah I don't know
goddamn 7 million okay that's that's
more like it some people are like 1 cent
some people are like 50 bucks a million
dollars because I can't swim
point zero zero zero zero zero zero zero
zero five of a penny that's like nothing
that's like free okay free but this is
my favorite comment coming from marques
it says if my feet can't touch the
bottom I'm not getting in that is
literally like my fucking exact words on
some DJ not try to swim type shit like I
can swim to the bottom of pools I have
no I'm a fucking dolphin the water you
guys have seen me in tried to drown
challenges stuff like that but like in
oceans in lakes in rivers and stuff like
that when I can't see the bottom and
then there see me touching my leg not
not a chance I'm not so into that
alright guys so it's 1:30 in the morning
me and Silvia going on a midnight cruise
not midnight cruise it's a 1:30 cruise
basically I've been stuck inside my
house all day editing so I need some
fresh
err so Silvia just got a vanilla cone
and I got two large waters for
McDonald's because diet will be still
alive and well and I figured out the
thing in my ear is not actually like
something stuck in my ear it's a cut
Silvia has a picture I'll pop it up on
the screen right now it is like just a
little cut I don't know what an ish aliy
came from but maybe it just got like
agitated after I scraped out of the
billion times but it's just like this
little sliver so I've been trying to
pick at it but it's unpickable so now I
know what it is I'm not going to pick at
it anymore even though I really want to
but look at this we're just driving down
the road to night night and just
enjoying life you okay what so he is
walking my ice cream
going on a ride alright guys so I just
got back from our cruise and I just ate
a pita with some hummus so I'm feeling
nice I'm about to brush my teeth and I
go to bed I might have a few of these
sunflower seeds that's it for today's
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
make sure to give it a big thumbs up
let's see if we can hit 10,000 likes on
this blog because wolf am we just hit
200k on more wolfy 900k we're almost out
of mill I'm on the main channel so stuff
is just on fire right now and if you
guys made it this far in today's video I
want you guys to leave a comment down
below today I just want you guys to
comment a random emoji whatever your
first emoji is on your phone when you go
to type in emoji comment that down below
and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage level
