good morning what's good it's your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy today
I'm gonna start the day off by going to
the beach I have not had a day where I
just sat down in a minute so I'm not
going to drop a main Channel video today
me and Silvia are just gonna relax
Dustin came over so Dustin's coming with
us and I think we're just gonna get our
tan on Silvia just took three hours to
get ready so she should get the best tan
of her life and then I'm just gonna play
with the volleyball that we're bringing
you know I got my beats pill a bunch of
shit it's just gonna be like a relaxing
day which is much needed every once in a
while you got to stop working which is
really hard for me to do and then just
take some time off but I'm gonna force
myself to do that today cuz I've been
grinding really hard for a couple hours
but he still bring you guys along yeah
I'm gonna bring you guys up and I'm
gonna edit later today and probably stay
up all night so I can enjoy Beach
together
other side other side we're at the beach
now it's a nice day outside paying for
parking because it's not the weekend Oh
30 30 minutes for 75 cents that's not
terrible
oh yeah yeah yeah all right guys we're
out the beach
Silvia got her burger but you know wolf
he's got a salad in his water in here
diet wolf he's still a hundred percent
back to the diet after yesterday I ate a
lot of pizza for David celebrations so
got to do some push-ups on the beach I'm
gonna be that douchebag working out and
playing belly pulled stuff yeah daya
Wolfie
anteye that they got bad influences are
out of eating oh nice
you got me on the thumbnail thank you
100,000 views guys I just did a fan
meetup with all these little kids down
there and they're all over there hello
guys I got my piece go on panning
painting all I can do is think about
YouTube how do you zoom in this seagull
is eating right out of the person's
trust you two bags
Tostitos what a savage you must be part
of the old man Oh a college boy now
they're all coming oh my god it's
literally a feast
there's how to connect to the next hands
Wednesday another Oh literally coming
for you yeah
you started something look he's got his
his beagle oh my gosh
he dropped your hat guys Pete this water
this is the beach that I've been talking
about it's called the loonies Bay if you
go in you grow a third leg so we're
right here down by the beach I'll show
you this look I'm gonna put my foot in
and I'm getting a third leg boom you see
that third leg okay there's nothing like
the water is not the nicest water in the
world comment down below how much I
would have to pay you guys just swim
from this side all the way to that side
and I know some of you guys are going to
say like 20 bucks it's not a big deal
but the thing is me with open water and
see you eating stuff like that
I do not fuck with water that I can't
see the bottom of because I feel the
seaweed on my leg and all that shit I
don't I don't rate that so you'd have to
pay me like five grand and it's not even
that far so comment down below how much
I'd have to pay you guys and one of my
worst fears too is when you're tubing
and then you fall out of the tube
because everyone falls out of tube
that's going in circles and shit and you
fly off a big jump or fly off a big wave
and then you're stuck in like the middle
of a lake or something eg eat how far do
you think that is from here to here
they're a kilometer close to me yeah
like say like 700 700 meters like
somebody it's like half the model for
half a mile yeah half a mile for you
American people there's mad minnows in
the water guys
little tadpole looking ass then we got
the guy who's a savage doing laps at the
edge of the fuckin water it's always
that one guy guys getting young boys
getting six ear infections
he might be deaf by now look at my feet
just sinking in the sand at the gusto
crap in the way legit there might be a
toad something besten walked in with his
sandals they can't come back in the car
now have fun walking home alright guys
so we're done at the beach now we've
been here for like maybe an hour and a
half two hours probably not even but
there's a place way down there and it's
like this jungle gym where you can work
out and I haven't got my workout in
today so I think I'm gonna bang out a
workout on like the pull-up bars and
shit over there okay guys they might
have got rid of the park to build a new
park around here but there's mad bird
shit everywhere I think it is gone yeah
I think it's gone it's gone they're
building a playground over there oh this
is gonna be a big playground holy whoa
look at that ladder
this means that trees oh shit yeah
that's a big ladder over there
not really oh yeah there's a lighter
it's a boom of whoo
okay guys this is a big Hill in Ottawa
is called Muniz Bay Hill this is a
miserable fucking held around it's
really stand down with his pants though
yeah Davis but I tucked in because me
and Dustin I got to do a 30-minute
workout I know that one's closed but I
still got to get some workout in because
now I will see so I think we're going to
start with two two times running up and
down the hill and then Dustin's going to
pull me sit through some leg workout
and while they do that I'm just going to
chance because it's so hot I think if I
worked out I would just pass it you look
like a monkey they're almost at the top
let's zoom in they made it to the top
shake that chick that is trick
chick-chick chick-chick that is
mm-hmm these guys are playing Pokemon
over there trying to catch them all
you're like freaking out over something
so it must be a good one back to Charlie
clearly he's working out very very hard
not very good look at your bedroom
literally almost fainted at the top of
it that's disgusting
this is a really big hill
good job babe he's good you're wiggling
your foot a lot stable
yeah we're here in the middle of a
desert right now I threw off don't drive
that home yeah I laid down the grass for
two seconds I'm so itchy
goddamn I'm beyond itchy I'm worried for
my life there Hulu that guy
he's got the right idea all these wolf
am want to fall in your steps look at
that's young wolf em that's like that's
like a thousand steps to him this is ten
times the distance for him you know
chocolate Center fudge sundae and then
four large cups of water
anything else four four big cups of
water ice water and four cups of ice
water like the biggest cups the large
cups it again I personally I can only
use all have to buy products in the
dirty right now okay five five of those
five five small cups five small cups of
ice well five small cups of ice water
please guys you think this is a game
look
my water is here straw is here but to
chuck back two of them
yeah man
my market already
post-workout smoothies grab this one
get me a straw and then work this
finally after an hour after the workout
I can breathe again guys I'm in the
studio but to do some rapping you guys
haven't seen that in a while so you'll
see it on my brother's channel he's
gonna upload a nice Justin Bieber cover
and I'm featuring on it so alright guys
so I just finished recording and you
would think I worked out again because
I'm sweating I think this is just post
shower sweat and never properly dried
after I got out of the shower but pulled
up oh the boy is done I'm done moving
for the day so I'm just editing my more
wolfy vlog and Dustin just did an update
for ps4 the new girl Anna is in
overwatch I think she's a sniper slash
healer she's in the healer like that
she's in the healer thing yeah never for
sure
sniper slash healer and she looks bad at
like hurtin initial skin looks though
long range that heals people hold to
zoom in increases ally speed
difficulty she's a 3 oh yeah she's
probably really hard to play guys so I
officially finished the rap with my
brother I think it went well I haven't
seen the final product but I need you
guys all the more Wolfie fam go to this
guy's channel when you're done my blog
for today it's gonna be up there by the
time this vlog is up show a mad love hit
the like button because you guys never
seen you rap you always want to see it
7k is a lot for me man 7k like you know
we had 7k likes I will do all I do I
don't know something crazy I think he'll
do something crazy if you guys had 7k
likes on this video or I'll leave it at
the top of the description in my video
you guys know where to go
Rory radar youtube.com slash Maria
Rainer yeah show them some love yeah and
I appreciate you guys yo guys check out
my talents see this cat toy right here
clear loves it basically I've gotten
really good at picking it up with my
foot and flicking it up so it goes over
my head and I haven't catch it with my
hand so let's see if I get it the first
try
got it I can do better that's the thing
let's go
so I'm back at the kale sausage place
and I swear this one's been here for two
weeks it's not a sausage
no one's hot no one's covering this they
just putting it to the bottom and like
piling everything on top of it but I'm
gonna get kale ones gotta pick up chips
for Bay she loves a sweet chili heat
which is weird she doesn't like spicy
things but she is obsessed with these
chips for some reason so sweet chili
heat and something for when I need to
cheat you know what every one of my
house loves these ones love my Miss
Vicky's the crunch crunchy chips
game over how dad thinks I'm gonna prank
him literally things just cuz we're at
the grocery store I thinks I'm gonna
prank him what he's to Paradise guys you
guys hit 100k too quick this guy's
shitting his pants when are you gonna
prank me buddy
yeah yeah please Frank me give me a
reason all right so cooking with Wolfie
you guys want to make sure you get the
whole wheat noodles because the most
healthy you want to get spaghetti one
more spaghetti and then one fettuccine
because God switch the noodles out like
vanilla also I like prego this is my
favorite pasta sauce the fresh mushrooms
one I guess or the original one original
good Dustin with that Dustin likes his
alfredo which is good too but I just
want to have normal spaghetti right now
that's fair no he's getting cranked go
to my room
now you're not gay so right now guys I'm
filling up the pot with a good amount of
water for the oil we're going abakada
oil chef Wolfie we got mushrooms here
because it's better than all of us so we
got the turkey pretty much cooked and
mushrooms are looking good and I just
put the noodles in the pot vegetables
being cut up and pasta is ready throw a
little bit more Parmesan cheese on there
sprinkle it on for some extra flavor
yeah
I'm in Sean's livestream right now and
David won't notice me I'm grill notice
no madam DJ I playing ball in the
background please notice me Google's
here's a specific there's some dry wax
on my ear I'm trying to get it out
charlie
is looking for a remedy online to get
your head waxer hangover your face is up
tell you god I can feel it
no I'll tell you when you could you see
it on to this lot there okay that's good
that's soap just left oh don't you had
that weird in like 30 seconds this stuff
is so like little booby what do you use
it for
then it says tilt your head - no I'm
just did anything come on it's stuck in
there there forever I guess or I feel it
is it coming up gonna shake it out like
when you get water in here okay guys so
we just finished watching the purge it
was going to bed I'm just driving Dustin
home quick and then I think me until
you're gonna stay up late to edit videos
alright guys so I just got back from
driving Dustin home my ears are hurting
from you guys saw what there's been like
this little flake or something in my ear
that's that's been bugging me for so
long and I don't know what it is but I
finally just googled some like cures
today so he tested out a bunch of things
and like it cleared my ear a lot there
was a lot of time I didn't even know I
had which is disgusting I'm sorry you
guys had to witness that but hopefully I
wake up to like it just being gone in
the morning that's what I'm praying for
hit that like button and hopefully it'll
be gone by tomorrow morning I need all
the good luck I'm yet but I'm gonna end
the vlog off there I had a long day
today hope you guys enjoyed the video if
you did make sure to smash that thumbs
up button let's minimum hit 10,000
thumbs up because that is our new goal
on more Wolfie and if you guys made it
this far in today's vlog I love you and
I want you guys to comment down below
wishing you good luck Wolfie I want
everyone to comment down below wishing
you good luck Wolfie because hopefully
all that good luck will add up and then
hopefully it'll just like eliminate this
shit in my ear for some reason I don't
know I'm feeling it but again I hope you
guys enjoy today's vlog and I will see
you soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always no oh
