hey you're what finish you boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy I am starting
the day off fucking good I just hit nine
hundred K last night
let's go so right now I'm watching David
parodies live subscriber count' this guy
is gonna hit a mil today
look at those subscribers go he's less
than 2k away the squad is going up fam
hey to hash to a home yeah subscribers
on sub zero she behind that one that one
that one zero zero zero zero zero zero
zero zero 1 million guys last night I
was trying to stay awake so that I could
be awake when I hit nine hundred
thousand subscribers and then when I was
five hundred subscribers away I guess I
passed out of my bed so I'm kind of
teased about that but thank you everyone
for subscribing to your boy wolfy and
getting me to 900k I didn't ever think
this would happen so um I'm really happy
right now me and BAE are gonna go get a
snack quickly and then we're gonna come
back she's gonna edit I'm going to edit
because today I'm supposed to go to
David's house or I don't know if I'm
gonna do a toast but all the boys are
supposed to be there when he hits a
million life so we can get everyone's
live reaction on him hitting a million
which is insane shout out to my boy
David you guys know Dave parity holy
shit I literally think like halfway
through this year we were like you'll
our end goal for the end of the year is
1 million and it's July and he's about
to hit a mill and I should hit a mill
within the next month if everything goes
according to plan which is what the fuck
wolf am you guys are crazy
designer just dropped timmy turner It's
A Wrap It's A Wrap
oh no I've been waiting for this song
for like cue and rebound
since I saw the snippet
look at the cutest thing in the world
come in this room
turn right in the patch of Sun a wild
Cleo has appeared look at this
she's tanning the cat is tanning you can
already see this this fur is a little
bit darker than this for this white fur
nice color
mmm is this the million party it is yeah
yeah yeah but you need a password
multiverse though what what's the hid
what uh where's the man himself
they made himself he doesn't show up
till about nine nine nine nine he's not
here
what the fuck David they don't make it
like the Million Man just showed up to
the house he's hitting the mail today
how do you feel oh shit oh shit a
distance but many spider spider-man
Sean's eating pizza at fork and a knife
you're weird you're weird
I'm the better multiple camera you put
that over the hill guys way more people
here you go okay watch out quick quick
oh shit bro periscopes freezing what is
going on no no no no no oh fuck it
that's good enough okay I'm making an
executive decision I'm drinking out of
the bottle a lot it's about to hit a
Mills guys 30 away jabs sneaky
gosh paranoid Jack Jack everybody no joy
20 away way oh yes just everyone's on
one David in the view for these guys so
that they see David holy shit Premal
Shah oh girl
3 3 mil shot pre what pre pre no shiny P
another shot pouring us know what
another one broke
literally here we actually can play rock
idiot roll it so hard
periscope fam what's good I see you guys
DJ I cannot read your text right now I'm
over here but I'm gonna check them as
soon as he hits the milk look it's going
it's crazy right nice isn't it I don't
accept trolling it oh oh they subscribe
I subscribe anyway oh shit this is like
a very china are we trying to get a
workout right now so these are gonna be
oh my god
one two one new bro you just got three
more so I grabbed me you want to be the
million subscriber
geez David is gonna mill die cuts good
luck
look at those six zeroes bro Congrats
six heroes with you bro oh thanks
Rolla oh my girl fucking boy this is
just a money go thank you guys so much
for subscribing I know the lobby knew
where the wolf am so I read you guys are
the best okay guys I'm gonna get off
periscope thank you so much for getting
them to a mil hasty we're gonna go
celebrate
I appreciate you guys peace out
Gabriel parody made it 1 million big big
days why not oh the g1 Vanilli and baby
I want to say a big congrats to my boy
David Perry for hitting a mil fuck you
guys who said we couldn't do it you guys
are fuck boys we're taking over
don't ever do my crew again guys I'm
straight-up cheating on my dad today
because I'm gonna have a celebratory
meal with the boys and I'm also gonna
have some of the dqk but I still will
work out diet Wolfie but you know this
occasion only comes once in a lifetime
so I gotta I gotta have this time with
the boys after school clay and this guy
composter alright guys I'm going to eat
some of this cake because I told you
Wolfie is cheating today 100% put this
in the garbage let's mug some of this
cake I just did a set of push-ups so I'm
gonna work out extra hard but I'm also
going to buck this cake and then
whatever food we decide to get
oh whoa hey you put them in bro yes yes
do that do that do that guys more wolfy
we got the pizza fuck die wolfy today
Jacobs got his nice doggie bruise
uploading a video the grind doesn't stop
Chinese food David's passed out
celebrating
David is posh bad way all right David
what house you guys can see we're having
a good time
go to sleep good night so I'm going on a
little bit of a walk with the boys we
need to get out of the house we ate so
much food I'm bloated we're just over at
the community center chilling right now
what are you doing
Dave's passed out on the ground you're
are you good Oh a great skate remember
the great life yeah yeah teabag each
other what's going on here back up I
don't know what's going on
dad's trying to take over a gym here
quick team yellow has it but we're gonna
grab it click on Sylvia there's a golden
poodle back there it has the highest
pitched highest pitch yap in the game
but if we were to get a dog it might
have to be a golden poodle because that
thing just sold itself it's the cutest
dog it was Matthew it was cute it looked
like a lot of work it yeah it's very
happy
yo say hi to the vlog
that's easy Oh easy
joy joy david scooped the squad ice caps
ice coffees generous he hit a Millie's
buying us stuff should be the other way
around but got to give back to the
giving back and something like that got
to do that so I'm waiting on my brother
to get home right now he just went to
McDonald's with his band to go grab some
food and then we're gonna go pick up DJ
I think from the bus stop quickly he got
dropped off because he was in Toronto
for the day story I haven't vlogged much
but I've been busy celebrating David
hitting one mil that's what most of the
day was about and then kind of
celebrating me hitting that under K but
I'm still pushing for that mil that's
going to be my real celebration 900k
that's amazing I appreciate it but I
want that meal I can see it it's in my
sight so I'm gonna hold off on a huge
celebration until then but DJ is waiting
at the bus stop or somewhere so we had
to get him now I don't know where my
brother is he should be home soon
so we just drove DJ home and I just
completely forgot
but Justin Bieber is dropping his new
single cold water in like ten minutes so
I'm about to run downstairs on my laptop
and blasted I know it's gonna be a
banger Justin Bieber never disappoints
you bro you guys know how much I fucked
with Justin Bieber so I'm really looking
forward to this track guys I'm on Justin
Bieber's Twitter right now and yeah yeah
he follows me so you already know I'm in
my comfy position Justin Bieber it is
11:59 p.m. he's dropping it in one
minute
Coldwater let's see the shit I just
bought the song first reaction right now
I'm flipping the camera it just came out
obviously you know I'm gonna support
Justin Bieber and buy the song here we
go the beat is already fired I'll tell
you that feel like I'm gonna sing it to
Silvia literally going to this movie
website and there's no like good movies
to watch so I think me and so we are
gonna have to watch the new Persian
movie but I'd fucking hate scary movies
but I think that's the only one because
I've seen everything else basically so
that's the only one I haven't seen that
would be like aa really like Tarzan the
quality is not good otherwise I would
watch that a lot of these are just flops
all right so me and Silvia ended up
watching Tarzan we watched it in like
mediocre quality it wasn't as bad as we
thought it was gonna be the sound
quality was actually pretty good but the
movie I don't know if any of you guys
have seen the movie Tarzan yet maybe
it's better in theaters cuz that's
definitely a movie that you'd want to
watch in theaters but I fell asleep a
few times like here and there so maybe I
got like lost for the storyline but
honestly I felt kind of lost and like
the fight scenes were all over the place
and I just I expected so much because
it's Tarzan right and if they're gonna
make it into a movie I thought it was
going to be an absolute banger but like
ah kind of cheese anyways it's like
three in the morning now so I'm gonna
end the vlog off there I'm sorry I
didn't do too much today but today was a
busy day Dave hit a mill I had 900k I am
so exhausted right now but I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up let's
smash 10,000 likes on this vlog that's
the new level we're gonna reach on every
more wolfie blog from now on and if you
guys made it this far in today's video I
love you guys so much and I want you to
comment down below Wolfie looks like
Tarzan comment wolf you
like Tarzan so I know you guys made it
this far in the vlog and I'll see you
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always level
