good morning wolf am a yo what's gonna
she boy will be welcome back tomorrow
we're waking up to some Drake this
morning and we got a bunch of stuff to
do I'm not going to edit too much today
but I'm going to film a bunch of videos
and I think I'm taking Sylvia to sushi
in like the next 20 minutes so this is
how you wake yourself up listen to some
Drake I hate the lake over the shore
know what I can do and that's it right
got my coffee going here got my calendar
going here I gotta get that work done
today
why are you filming me just fun to put
the camera on you oh my god mom one of
the comments on my video this Wolfie
doesn't look anything like his dad or as
well they say I'm adopted exactly am i
cuz I you tested the same but you could
be twins
let the vlog know if I'm adopted right
now it could be I think he could be and
I ever died ever had I've got it well I
think if people look closely they would
see that you have the same eyebrows as
mean and same eyes and so you ever got
handshape ideal and his nose not even
really his nose wire dinner am i adopted
yes you're not adopted but you might be
just a vegan alright guys I've adopted
crayon Lionel look at my cats these cats
Cleo come over come over here Cleo over
here back to Lionel
these cats are dangerous they balance on
the very edge when this used to be all
grass and none of this was like stone
yet Lionel literally fell off when he
was a kitten and he's just looking up
like did that just happen
hey they think they're getting food cuz
I called them
we are you know how to open it I clearly
do because there's a giant hole from you
opening it watch this
genius cats genius cats Maya no follow
your sister Lionel doesn't know how to
open it even though he's the older one
right here he does not open it yo guys
so I just did some car business I feel
like an adult now even though I'm only
with BAE we're gonna go grab sushi real
quick and then we just have like a
little bit of small things to do and
then I'm gonna film a few videos cuz you
know your boys on his grind guys I
literally just thought of a video that I
tried showing Sylvia earlier I pulled
over on the side of the road just to
show it to her Kalli dots gia it's a
three year old contemplating his diet on
the toilet
1 6 8 sushi we're here yeah I mean so
we're gonna go to laser Quest after the
dinner to burn the calories off his diet
wolfies got to lose that weight guys so
I got my sushi menu right here just got
a water cuz I'm on a diet but is there
more water I guess just in water we're
gonna start with seafood I'm just going
to get a majority of CT cuz usually I
just get dried stuff and like go I'm on
a diet so I'm not going to go too hard
but so he just going cold
delicious versus a regular get regular
California rolls okay I like those too
we had a sushi please be careful because
people usually order way too much food
for themselves and I so just like one
comes with six so Warner that's a lot
avvocato I'm gonna eat them all oh I'm
on a diet
Charles I dare ETD fall in the wasabi I
don't rate Mesabi yeah it's nasty I'm a
piece of ginger I never had a piece of
ginger let's see that's pretty gross -
looks like a cow tongue this is
literally fur on it my brother loves
this stuff how's your stomach
yeah we playing this is what I would
never expected you go
meowstic we've got over there the lemon
chicken came in within 35 seconds after
our during the bookkeeping we in this
bitch at Loblaws gonna go pick up coffee
guys look how far I parked away from
Loblaws my car is here blah blahs is
beyond this all the way over there
Sylvia's little cheese because she
doesn't like that I parked in Narnia but
look at these constructions going down
in the middle of Loblaws this whole area
is unpark about but we're gonna go check
out routes that's my parked here in this
one Plaza by my house there's this
routes okay all the stores over there
all along that and then you just have a
routes legit and it gets no love like no
one ever shows that love so it's showing
me love with this 50% off sign with a
30% so 80% off I might as well dust some
money here because I need a new man
purse or a man purse cuz your boy has
shit in his pockets 24/7 so I need to
carry my camera and something in shit
that looks kind of nice on your boy so
we're gonna check our routes hopefully
have something by the way the sushi was
absolutely delicious how would you guys
feel if I just wore this on my waist at
all times I don't know about this but
look at this I found a shirt the first
shirt that I looked at it happened I
will fun it wolf am is growing they know
it that's why they've made this custom
shirt for me I'm going to try on
I don't know Hayase was the work this
videos is that even men's it's
definitely not men's here the new style
is women's clothing are you checking
yourself our shows off the guns softest
pants in the game slim fit with your
cute ass slim fit the store said it was
50% off turns out there was some weird
system where it wasn't 50% off and
honestly not yeah they do trick it the
50% off meant that some of the items in
the store were reduced up to 50% off of
the original price yeah so why is there
a massive sign that says 50% off on
every corner of your store anyways the
stuff wasn't even that nice it's all
good we're going to Loblaws anyways what
are these he's looking delicious white
chocolate I don't know how you guys feel
about dark chocolate here's how I feel
fuck that shit this shit's amazing guys
this is throwback I'm about to buy this
I've never had this shit I don't drink
Pepsi often but I'm good to buy this
just because I remember this I think
this is popular back one before I was
even born I'm copping case test we'll be
looking for coffee the perfect I don't
want tea
but we need the right coffee that works
the K Cups that were used to okay here
we go I'm used to these looking for
whatever we get original blend something
Oh house blend is the one we get hey
guys have you ever had this brand corn
syrup the one that looks like death on
your waffles are on your pancakes
because that's what my grandparents
always used to have and I'm irked it now
we blowed up we eat this one only all
right guys so I'm home right now I got
the Pepsi the Crystal Pepsi and we're
gonna try this it says on the package
that it is clear Cola okay you can see
that you I've never had clear Cola but
this is gonna be weird just because it
has no color to it okay you got some
fizziness going here this ain't no 7up
or sprite
it smells like fucking coke or pet it
literally smells like Pepsi this is so
weird oh my God look at this stuff k
here we go first sip impressions taste
test
Silvia Oh this stuff tastes exactly like
regular Pepsi but it's see-through
this is trippy this is very trivial
playing mind games with me but it's a
wrap this is delicious
I'm not gonna drink it cuz I'm on a diet
but I needed to taste this that is
weirdest fuck it looks so clear Sylvia's
gonna try it now
literally smell it you're gonna smell
and you're gonna see it's just Pepsi
yeah it's weird
let's fuck that's I hate trying weird
shit like those it's like Blackwater
it's literally Pepsi Pepsi crystal like
if I had my eyes closed I wouldn't know
if you would not know the difference at
all
I think when my mom comes home later I'm
gonna put like a glass in the fridge and
just let it sit cuz it looks like water
literally looks like water canning and
I'm just gonna give it to my mom and
then just see her reaction yo Pepsi or
coke if either of you guys are watching
this you guys should make all of your
cokes and Pepsi's like this everything
should be see-through because it just
makes me feel like I'm little healthier
I'm drinking it so I don't feel as
shitty about myself so just make
everything clear like this and look I'm
fucking clear that is and then I think
you'll increase yourselves just that and
if you do increase yourselves cost me
like 15 verse on the road I gave you the
idea taste this water yeah it is no it
is water what is it no taste it and tell
her you think Jerry its Pepsi oh that's
fucking weird taste this water why it's
the best water in the world is it really
many wait you heard
what I don't see is the window open oh
fuck it's so big ha it literally tastes
exactly like Pepsi yeah it does which is
really weird
that stuff is within stores when like
you were young
Pepsi crystal Cleo come here hey
okay guys so we're partway through
filming this video I got stuff all over
here you guys are gonna see on the main
channel this is a bitch to make but look
everyone's face no blur on my dad making
a video and then there's some stew over
here that my sister made I'm about to
muck that for dinner I want to finish my
YouTube video before I start eating that
stew so yeah and yeah Sylvia got
verified on YouTube so today's a big day
we're whole squads going up you didn't
get sucks for you guys I'm gonna 900k
tomorrow let's go wolf vampire guys song
at the boys house uploading my video
right now my blogs about to be up and my
pranks just about to be up and then
Sean's gonna do some streaming so I
think I'm gonna hop on over watch with
him in a bit TV slash which you guys
know Sean streams guys that you only
want an elbow with twitch my might be
coming soon but follow his for right now
because no one else has but it's you
twit follow him I go in there sometimes
and play some overwatch Miley Blair's
fan Stu's oh yeah play we do play wolfy
yes you guys if you want to play video
games with me or Sean or anyone in albo
that's the place you want to go but
we're gonna spank you in video games cuz
I'm amazing Sean's pretty good dad's
pretty good so if you guys want to bet
real life money on games fuck you up so
I just uploaded the video you guys are
literally insane right now like the
video has so many views in such a short
period of time it has like 13,000 likes
in like 25 minutes looks like that bro
don't ever underestimate your boy wolfy
because the wolf fam is just crazy I
asked for 50,000 likes they get 50,000
asked for a hundred thousand likes I'm
pretty sure we're getting a hundred
thousand and it might even be in a day
so it's got a start brainstorming my
next prank late-night food delivery for
BAE as I don't think I'm gonna work out
to our today but I'm about to go stream
with Sean and jad so I think what I'm
gonna do is every time I die in the
video game I'm gonna do like ten
push-ups or like ten sit-ups or
something like that just to get some
workout in because I still haven't
worked out and it's pretty late at night
thanks setup all right guys so I'm
playing right now with jad and Sean on
overwatch and my video is doing insane
it already has like 100 50k views in
like less than two hours so the wolf M
is just going off I don't even know what
to say thank you so much you guys oh my
god I asked for a hundred thousand likes
and I think it's actually gonna happen
just goddamn alright guys so Sean and I
got pizza so we're just kicking it on
the stream right now but it's 2:30 in
the morning I think I'm gonna end the
vlog off there if you guys did enjoy the
blog make sure to give it a big thumbs
up I know I usually want a cane thumbs
up but Wolfen we're killing it on the
main channel and on this channel so just
smash the thumbs up can we hit 10,000
thumbs up on this vlog I just want to
know if we can actually hit 10k so if we
can hit Ted K then that's gonna be our
new mark to hit every vlog so go down
and hit that like button and if you guys
made it this far in today's vlog I
fucking love you I want you guys to
comment down below keep on grinding
Wolfie everyone comment keep on grinding
Wolfie because right now someone's
having this and I'm really like I just
need someone to motivate me to keep
pushing on this diet so comment that
down below again I love you guys and I
will see you soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
