hey you're what's gonna super wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy I'm at the
grocery store right now it's under
shoppers rumor
yeah I'm at the grocery store and I'm
picking up some coffee-mate because your
boy has not had his coffee in the
morning because we ran out of coffee
mate this morning and actually I'm
almost out of coffee too so I feel super
fucking tired without my morning coffee
so before I even ate before I did
anything I drove to the grocery stare
quickly to pick up the coughing hey you
already know if your boys getting this
coffee mate he's got to get his salad as
well so I picked up a salad because
dying wolfy that's that's because why I
don't know what scratch me last night
but I have these big scratch marks like
three scratch marks all across my head
and then like one over here it's so
weird because some nights I'll go to bed
and nothing's wrong with my face and
turn off this fan and then other nights
I'll go to bed and then wake up with
like a bunch of scratches on my face and
I have no fucking clue what they came
from
I swear I'm being possessed Loki oh that
is more like it
this is what I'm fucking talking about
look at that shit pork that is gonna be
delicious and then this is also gonna be
delicious my salad in my big bowl let's
see if we can break a record for how
fast Cleo comes down I don't know where
she is she might be at the very top
level of the house she might be I don't
think she's in the middle level here we
go three two one
Cleo Cleo Cleo and Cleo Cleo that was
under 10 seconds new record good job
Cleo
she was definitely fast asleep she just
woke up alright you get to go over five
minutes for that yeah I'm coming Cleo
stop laying in the Sun come here let's
go in your hammock right now come here
y'all see cats don't listen what are you
talking about what are you talking about
dogs don't listen how about that
get yourself a cat who can do both I'm
sitting here Claire are you oh my phone
number ten please do not crack oh thank
god clear your eyes are just two green
guys you already know I'm in my favorite
aisle in
or to bra bras everywhere I'm finding
nylons for our video and they're over
here any of the biggest ones
someone's gonna fit on my dad's big head
me and my dad both have big heads and
big noses so I need the darkest one yeah
dark the darker the better yeah I don't
want those I got those from my last
video and those are absolute flop I need
the full leg ones for the biggest people
all right guys so I got 3 times 3 so 9
panties or nylons whatever you want to
call them hopefully my dad likes these
being on his head
if not then they're gonna go in a said
regardless we're looking for birthday
cards so this friends a birthday drink
and be macho blue eyes and matches Bowl
a good friend is hard to find thanks for
giving up and settling for me because
you're not a good friend
I like these 3d cards pop out
what's his name his name bumblebee Wow
seen a few transformers show what's this
one saying card pulls out and it has a
sound effect get this one Jesus Christ
that one's a news hope guys look at this
peon and JC you have their own book in
Walmart right here in Lele pons right
beside them Jesus youtubers and Viners
taking over the world my god that is
gonna be me one day hopefully I'll write
a book I mean no youtubers ever done
that so my sister's cooking dinner looks
like some type of chicken and rice some
stir-fry
ish your boy has not eaten a thing today
you guys know I don't eat much when I'm
editing because I get to sucked up
within the edit but diet wolfy is still
alive so I'm gonna muck this as soon as
it's ready and then I'll have my salad
later on for a snack tonight yes that's
all I'm eating today and water and
that's that's it
but tadka bangs no okay guys so I just
made some nice curry well I didn't make
it but I'm gonna eat it I just put it on
the plate I'm gonna muck this this is my
first meal of the day it's like 7
o'clock but you know your boy Wolfie has
got to eat so so I stretched all these
pantyhose out they're nice out of the
package we are just about to go I'm
gonna show you guys a bit of the behind
the scenes so let me get this started
my dad's putting on the layers right now
and Belle just showed up to fix our
internet so we're gonna have to go down
with the mask on before we film the
questions okay next question Boz on the
game Belle is here at the house right
now the masked man is going down
okay the guys working outside first he's
not he's not working inside don't fully
feel like your face no you gotta come up
closer yeah you gotta be the center well
yeah you have to be the center alright
guys so we officially finished filming
the video I am sweaty as Howard is it
was so funny but you guys will see it on
my main channel we merged my dog leg
this guy he kind of suspected something
was up at the very beginning but then I
told my mom were like slow down on
answering the questions and this guy it
got we pranked the shit out of him so I
think it's gonna turn out really good
right so I'm just waiting for the vlog
to upload now I'm chilling in my kitchen
I think I'm gonna grab a snack and then
go back upstairs and then start editing
another video because the grind is not
stopping anytime soon
is there any dinner left over what are
you doing hey Lionel what are you doing
bro they can see your face now you don't
have to say anything say it's good to be
seen no more hiding this man's face the
videos out it's arriving something
that's it
that's it oh yeah hiding hiding in some
like raided our videos on my main
channel but that's it and you're just on
the vlog hey not special but right now
the guy from Vale is downstairs and he
just got the internet working apparently
he says it's super quick so I'm gonna
have my own internet with bail and then
everyone else in my house is gonna have
internet with Rogers but if mine turns
out to be amazing then my whole family's
gonna switch over but I I'm praying that
this internet finally gets fixed please
please please I told the guy working if
he thinks it I'm gonna million bucks so
I gotta go to the bank and take about a
million dollars now because he expected
me another day another salad another
giant thing of water
oh are you coming to watch exclusive
view on the road to pick up Bay she was
at her friend's for the day so I gotta
go pick her up now from the bus stop my
phone fell out of my pocket again in
this crack I don't that is the most
fucking frustrating thing in the world
I'm literally about to buy one of those
things you know one of those things that
they show like on those infomercials
like a pocket to put in between your
seat and like the middle of the car just
to like catch any loose chains or your
phone that falls out of your pocket I am
about to cop down I'm dead serious
because I'm over my shorts making my
phone fall out every time I get in the
car all right to show my mom is dad
coming dad and Sylvia an exclusive look
at the new prank so my parents liked the
video Sylvia liked the video I got a
jolly rancher in my mouth just as a
little treat I'm about to do a little
workout and then I have some fan mail
here that I'm going to open some of it
with Sylvia since I did not do too much
today I'm gonna make it up to you guys
but opening up some of this fan mail and
then searching up Wolfie raps and seeing
if any of the wolf has posted any new
videos that I can watch and put in the
vlog because I got a show love to you
guys because you guys show a lot of love
to me another day another dollar
I get this pop this off x marks the spot
that's cool I'm gonna hop in the shower
very quickly and then I'm gonna start
reading some fan mail opening some
snapchats watching some YouTube videos
to show love to you guys first video
thank you
this is for wolfy raps thank you
very much one more time I go higher
powers taking a hold on me I knew what
do we got next what do we got next this
is mostly my stuff now that I got more
wolfy I'm pretty much taking up all the
wolf your apps your apps I'm pretty sure
I did this on musically before before
music me was popping playing with Chad
with a gypsy boy and wolfy raps hey this
must have been when we played over watch
15 minutes James yeah yeah I was in this
game it's yeah bonk Izzy
I remember spanking kids in this game we
got Ashley Roger you guys out here doing
some fan art of your boy wolfy goddamn
ooh this is nice look at that that's
when I had my little pubic hair facial
hair you know this is disgusting this is
this is nice as fuck oh my god Ashley so
that means in fan mail and if you
already sent me to some fan mail and I
haven't opened it I'm sorry I need to
start opening everything because that
that was dope oh yeah the smoke this is
gonna be my first one so let's go so
good job give Authority and you guys
make it good all right just cut off geez
thank you for the support I'm glad that
we can be your first youtube video we
are gonna push the 1 mil we got this so
you get more subscribers to your channel
um make sure you go to Wolfie rats I got
you dog it's gonna get Kayden's life
saying you're just doing it for the show
today buddy
and basically get a lot of subscribers
so yeah my first time you know everyone
go subscribe the Kayden's life he found
the solution thank you
and actually no job he always a job but
actually he video for us wanted mention
he knows it what can I do hello man
Ellis man on earth
shout out to bring we got Bryn Ellie
logs Chris is dead she already reacted
to the video my bad space this Mel seems
like she's one of the number one wolf am
so shout out to Brynn I fuck with you I
want to give a quick shout out to John
from Ohio for the fan art look at it
says wolfy this is for you I hope you
enjoy it I made it for you because you
always make my day shine when I watch
your videos so I'm giving back
thank you John from Ohio you're the real
MVP the next fan mail is from Lauren
from Billings Montana we got some fresh
King Wolfie art over in this bitch says
dear Wolfie I love your videos my name
is Lauren can you put this in your vlog
for me please I wanted to tell you that
if youtubers got a Grammy Award you
should have got it
Thank You Lauren shout out to Alejandra
from Las Vegas for drawing me this nice
fan art got a nice crown Wolfie right
here I also got a really sweet letter
thank you so much I also want to give a
huge shout out to Peyton from Illinois I
will tell Sylvia you also haven't had
ribs which is kind of weird because a
lot of people have had ribs but you need
to try them they're delicious and I'm
happy I can make you smile thank you so
much for the fan mail
alright guys but that's gonna wrap it up
for today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed
I know I didn't do too much but I was
grinding all day editing two videos for
you guys so if you guys did enjoy the
vlog make sure to give it a big thumbs
up we've been smashing 8 K on every
single vlog on more Wolfie so far so go
down and hit that like button right now
let's smash 8 K on this one and if you
guys made it this far in today's vlog
you guys are the realest wolf em I
appreciate you guys beyond belief I want
you guys to comment down below
wolf Pam needs to chill comment wolf
needs to chill cuz you guys have been
absolutely insane lately don't don't
actually chill keep sending me fan mail
I love opening your stuff my p.o box is
in the description of every single one
of my videos so if you don't know how to
send me stuff it's just down there but
that's it for today's vlog on more
Wolfie again I hope you guys enjoyed
remember to stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always let go oh
