hey you let's get it to boil if you
welcome back to more we'll be right now
the Internet is being fixed as we speak
so we might have to switch providers to
get like the best internet but you know
your boys are YouTube stars too like we
got to do whatever it takes so that I
can upload videos for you guys so that
you guys get nice content but yeah
today's just a relaxing day Ryan's here
right now we might go to lunch boys I
might go check out my peel box today
it's only been like a week since I last
one but you know the wolf famine
insanely nice oh there could be shit at
my hand at my peel box right now so I
have two brothers in the room at the
same time brothers even in the Twitter
pool whoever sort of pulled squeeze me
so we all here oh yeah you guys saw my
blog
Ryan beat either brother in the Twitter
poll because he put up a full YouTube
video saying to vote for him like he was
doing some MMVAs or some day Oscars and
Grammys you're new so I'm not the boys
house now and they're about to go
Pokemon go hunting I retired you guys
know I retired because I get to a big
chicken pussy and that that's exactly
why I retired but I'm gonna go hunting
with them just chilling with the boys me
and Ryan are probably just gonna come
around for the troll just for the
trolling purposes only but uh but yeah
are you making food now Ryan's making
food to hold himself over but after we
go Pokemon go hunting we're gonna get a
nice meal I'm probably gonna get a salad
cuz you know die we'll be still alive
still got to do my workout I'm gonna
take it easy on editing today but I'm
still gonna make a Bangor vlog for you
guys because you know more wolfies
latest bugs as well as behind the scenes
of Pokemon hunting these guys they call
themself pokemon hunters with a Dhoni
and have their phones out oh c'mon
Chad's filming his video first though
almonds are too good for widows out here
these days a lotta you can buy stuff you
guys don't go for we Dalls oh I don't
work these it catches everything I
hopefully we get some nice laptop cause
today so all the guys we're trying to
capture this one Jim and I don't even
play anymore but I have this crazy 812
Vaporeon CP level so I'm kind of DS but
like look how shady - you guys look
under the street playing Pokemon click
in the other day this looks so weird but
now that Pokemon goes the thing this is
just normal but yeah the boys took over
Jim it is what it is I gave them the gym
back because I slapped them all
individually but I was like not a nice
guy wolfy you guys can have the gym but
I think we're going to continue this
mission you guys know what it is where
I've both burned picking up some video
supplies for the boy I'm on a diet but
I'm not gonna be eating too much candy
here this is going to take so much
willpower going into this store that I
know has an abusive amount of candy and
not getting too much candy really see
how there's all these Jolly Ranchers any
kid would be jealous of this humongous
bag I'm about to cop bigger than deejay
head bigger than Ryan's head I'm going
off right now I'm not eating these I am
NOT eating these diet Wolfie but you
guys know I gotta hit this what you are
seeing right now is twenty eight dollars
spent at bulk burn this might be a
record of how much shit I've ever copped
here usually when I go here it used to
be like when I was a kid or just get
like a little bit of candy and I'd spend
like maybe so five is ten bucks but
right here is twenty eight beans of one
candy Jolly Ranchers
you guys will see why hopefully your boy
DIY chef wolfies back in this bitch
21:28 beans Wow all right guys we got
one so much and slaves nation you got so
we got one little box guys and it's been
one week since the last fan mail and
this is a thick stack a lot of its to me
but a lot of it is to team a bow as well
luckily I got one guy from Team bobble
in the back I mean don't over the rest
of the guys are but we're gonna open
your shit very soon so get ready for
that how's your ex weighs nation it's
coming it says elbow there's a reason so
I don't know what that's that's a little
out
yeah Ryan Swasey or something I don't
know we'll check it ou guys diet wolfy
is back in this ditch to get is gonna
get a triple bacon ik windy side of the
day se this is real life
it's not a joke hey can I get one of
those spicy chicken Caesar salads
alright huh full size and then just a
cup of water as well and then can I make
a separate order second order is going
to be
second under right okay I get a double
bacon either combo okay um can I get a
Fanta mamita mark um whatever comes is
small you guys see a diet wolf he's real
that Ryan's not alive so I just got home
from chillin at the boys house for a bit
and I was looking through YouTube and I
was just searching through like the
trending page and I happen to scroll
past my video is on a fucking trending
page of YouTube fam literally you log on
YouTube hit the fire button which is all
like the trending videos and keep going
down I hope it's still there because if
it's not there then I played myself but
oh shit that's the wrong video anyways
go back keep going down keep going down
keep going down it's at the bottom of
the page but still there I think hold up
no it's gone it's gone oh look at that
on the very bottom of the trending page
but we're still here guys this is huge
I'm on the page that when you go on
YouTube and you don't have an account
and you're just looking for like a
trendy video to watch you might see my
video so that's fucked right now shut up
to the wolf am for like supporting me
and getting that video to all the views
I got in like a short period of time
we're killing it lately so let's look
and just keep killing it let's push to
the top road to one Mills real fuck man
under K we just want one mill maybe 5 ml
10 ml 11 mill anyways thank you guys so
much for for just the support it's been
crazy lately now we're driving right and
back home my brother I'm gonna miss this
guy when are you moving to Ottawa yeah
soon Brian's moving Ottawa soon oh yeah
alright that's on vlog CFT linear army
closes here closer yeah wherever you are
alright Ryan's coming Ottawa 2017
start the campaign guys so I'm taking
Ryan to the Train to the bus and look at
his trucks rims fam nigga what what are
you saying like I don't understand how
you didn't have any friends that didn't
tell you like bro those rims are not the
best option those are the beatest rims
I've ever seen in my life look like I'm
just cheese
to show you guys cuz what the fuck I'm
almost home I pulled up a car on the
street and I see my mom Destin and my
sister out walking the cat's gotta go
say what up to these kids
nyeh no he's he meowing put a muzzle on
you pissing Cleo then we got a dog over
there oh we got cats guys I just had my
chef chef Dustin bring up my food for me
as you guys can see some whole-grain
it's just some pickles over here
potatoes over there whole-wheat pickles
only eats the house easily pinnacle
pumpernickel pickles pumpernickel bread
it's gonna be a good meal I'm editing
the prank on my dad
so get ready you guys will see this this
will be a lot of time you guys see this
but it's gonna be a fucking banger I'm
making sure of it downstairs in the
workout room really trying to motivate
myself to workout it's like 12:30 at
night I've been busy all day but I gotta
get some sort of workout in so I can
just not feel shitty about myself so I'm
gonna do a little thing Dustin's doing
push-ups and so he is gonna do something
like work out with friends because it's
a little easier to work out like working
out at home as it is it's tough because
you're not in a gym setting but if you
have friends tips with Wolfie it makes
it easier an emotional support workout
I'm in jeans you have Dustin's and jeans
I got my gym shorts on Sylvia is the
only one dressed for the occasion guys
couples that work out together stay
together so you're gonna grab your
girlfriend your boyfriend put them on
your shoulders and do something go are
you going back with Kim are you doing
okay lean back as far as you can thank
you
drop you go oh my god I can't lean back
on my shoulder and you lift yourself
like that yeah ow
who's the movement lights I hold about
my shoulders
what anyway you trying to do for your
leg can lay down lay down on the ground
there you go here we go I understand
you're gonna squat though well you go
out go up okay go down come on oh okay
you gotta get stronger all the way come
on oh come on
alright your turn
knowing that you're here okay I like how
you're like just take your girlfriend a
boyfriend and put them on your back is
if girls are gonna take their boyfriend
on their back if you can't support your
girlfriend on your back switch positions
okay
okay nevermind scratch that's further
grow doesn't get hurt easily okay your
puppy I did get there what I do what all
right this is stupid I do matter
all right I just finished the workout
I'm exhausted but I'm gonna go upstairs
and cross the X of the calendar because
that's another workout that I got in I'm
going like two weeks strong right now
we're killing it and you know I'm only
feeling better so I don't think I'm
gonna stop anytime soon I'm not gonna
stop because I'm will feel invested
everything but I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog if you did make sure to give it
a big thumbs up we've been getting a K
on every single one so go down and hit
that like button let's smash a K on this
vlog and if you guys made it this far in
today's vlog I love you guys and want
you guys to comment down below S is for
a snake comment S is for snake so
comment that down below and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
