hey yo what's good at your boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie I'm just
editing my video right here and it's
1:20 p.m. me and Ryan are just chilling
in my room right now my mom brought me
breakfast real MVP in bed you know real
MVP thank mom thanks mom I'm gonna open
the window yeah it's really hot in my
room right now
egg sandwich homemade cookie and a
homemade cookie but you can take this no
no don't wanna die
hello do you like raisins yeah okay well
then you can have it this is oatmeal so
diet we'll see but I don't fuck Silvia
seeing you stand on the bed live she
doesn't like her people stand on it yeah
mom you know I haven't done a prank in a
while I'm going you know what that means
I thought we were gonna do something to
you oh geez calling you out all right
doing work out challenge and will you
take her out for dinner Charles take him
home for dinner challenge right I was
expensive thing on the video that's my
next challenge guys you know a thumbs up
the video if you guys want to see me
take my mom off for dinner knowledge we
want two hundred thousand of thumbs up
got two hundred thousand likes and I'll
take her to McDonald's jr. chicken so
I'm on my Twitter and someone just sent
me this video it says a rare Pokemon
popped up in the middle of Central Park
and this happened people are wild people
are really out here catching these
Pokemon chorion too bad I have one level
eight twelve that's none of my business
that just shows you guys the Pokemon
goal is really life it's taking over I
mean I quit because I had an addiction
and I seek help for it and the doctor
told me like too much Pokemon go and
chill in one day it's just too much I
threw all my pokeballs and retired Ryan
still on the grind he just stopped
calling out I ran please don't follow
him I have a but on the level One Bowl
floor B they can't follow your Pokemon
account it is no level one buzzer I did
you catch it at league level 10 minimal
oh my loved ones so he hasn't won
Bulbasaur
well I won't poke the ball I caught it
so what do you about bombs sir - - on
Pikachu no I mean Walter is Venus our
breads close no other food yeah it is
you like it's IV sir then mean sir
let's see I'll oh he's in watchful I
know you want everyone I'd follow I just
got all of us oh I miss out on a couple
fan mail so thanks oh you guys are
squeezed nation we're going on here like
this man I don't need to hurt my channel
like a couple weeks ago you magic that's
that's my fan man you guys are kid thank
you so much like oh I the hard work
humble to put in like I'm gonna put in
so much work for you guys road supply
hundreds ways is real we're almost there
diagnosed boy you keep sending your
Ateneo that's this fandom my fabric
he said immutable I'm reading all of
them oh yeah you want to read one for
the camera I read one bro sways you
inspired me a channel started two months
ago one month the coupon fresh out the
shower it is like 4 o'clock Sylvia gets
home in two hours so I'm gonna pick her
up soon but look at this setup we have
going on as you come in my room there's
one mattress right on the floor and then
mine's right there brought this one for
Ryan what are you doing so basically
every time I go through this door
literally Ryan's shit is in the way I
can't open it flow
yeah your shits in the way won't put
them down but me and Ryan are having
some alone time I set the candle set the
mood you know it smells nice it here me
and my boyfriend right here cool I think
you think so yeah let's get you but yeah
I just fucking showered because I can't
go pick up Sylvia smelling like ass so
actually gonna go put some nice old
spice on also gotta freshen up with the
nice Cologne spray so put some on your
wrist if you don't know how to use
Cologne boom one spray to the wrist to
rub it together on your neck right here
boom boom boom five praise enough
Pharrell came to my house for a private
concert and say what's she's happy yeah
sure um what's my
cuz I'm happy cuz I gotta get my Brita
water just drink lots of water fill
yourself up so you don't need to eat
lose weight like that not healthy who's
better Ryan / or the mother how am I
getting murdered yo its 26 we're about
to get this no no please Ryan right so
after the mute brothers lies hook me on
Twitter / yes what they're getting were
200 13 votes IRAs are the bill runner
stick watches help to the homies over
there Bryan's toes goes over to FOA bro
from basketball balls light no you just
stepped on an elf
it's totally is gonna fall off harder to
just step when I fought back I fought
back we hit body contact you on today
the L hate you tired Jesus ah I never
knew is actually dry blood let people
say that as you guys can see that's a
beat Jeep over there I wonder whose it
is it must be Omar's it's not like King
wolf King wolves out here sitting on
sexy oh man King Wolf let's go then you
just got Omar's Jeep like y'all eat bro
when you tell your friends to leave half
an hour go over there just chill in
there yo today I'm blaming me being late
on Sylvia on you see Sylvia I told you
this is it alright I'm about to hit you
guys with some heartbreaking news man
got the Justin Bieber all bad playing on
in the background for some emotional
effect just because it's so sad you know
like guys guess what I don't know if you
guys are ready but a fuckin tell you
anyways my internet in my house is
acting up again man it's going so slow I
can't even upload my video I tried
uploading my vlog for the last two hours
this vlog is not going up
I'm editing my main Channel video
nothing's working out man I'm picking up
Sylvia I hope she can help me out leg
this shit's fucking rough
but when things are acting up you got to
stay positive because you know things
are just things aren't all bad currently
have three minutes to get Sylvia we're
still driving down the road we are like
probably around five to six minutes away
we're running into a red light right now
hopefully the traffic clears up
otherwise I'm going to be late so
hopefully she's late so that I don't
have to be late Sylvia just messaged me
saying they're gonna be on time for the
first time usually every time she comes
back from being home they're always a
little bit late but today it has to be
the day that I'm late and she's actually
on time so I gotta get there but don't
speed speeding is bad if you guys drive
a car don't speed alright I can see the
bus station I'm here I think Sylvia is
texting me right now saying she's here
so I think I might be like 2 minutes
late that's not that bad at least I'm
here you know like you know you got like
King wolfy picking you up like chauffeur
service most people don't get this shit
bad news what bad news for you what the
Internet my house is shit again
wait what kiss off it was like you know
Cleo what are you doing I always look to
your way above my head like this and
she's chilling up here all the time come
in the house look up here Cleo hey go on
the other side hey Cleo over here I'm
over here whose girl is this Cleo no no
no no she just gets a little too much
every time she thinks she's gonna get
let out BAM and literally the day is
gone like that it's fucking 11 o'clock
at night the day passes so fast in my
house because the internet was being all
weird tried to upload my vlog like four
times but now we finally got it out or I
finally got it out and my main channel
video is finally out so now I got a
workout Sylvia's back in town I spent a
little bit of time with her but I think
I'm gonna do a workout with her so we
can spend some time together well
getting jacked at the same time couples
that work out together get puppies
together so Sophia you're gonna see this
vlog tomorrow and be cheese that I said
the heck I gotta get that red X on the
17th you already know so yeah did you
know that couples that work out together
get puppies together what so you better
work out work out Sylvia was doing her
makeup in some weird way so she ran away
trying new things with her makeup so
let's see it she won't she won't show
you her face what's this what's this for
roll up recruit by the foot huh
that's canceling the workout how are we
gonna get these together if you can't
even stay to a diet like diet wolfy can
your boy is halfway done is workout I'm
tired but I'm feeling way better than I
felt a week ago I'm already losing some
weight feeling better looking better
these workout together get puppies
together right yeah so he's getting B's
over there look at that back muscle that
definition knows guys why just work on
your abs and you can work on your abs
and your chest like say pull your legs
up like this back off the ground point
your toes and then hold the way up or
you can come let me hold it
alright guys so we're done the workout I
think I'm gonna go grab right now
actually no fuck I'm gonna do right now
I'm gonna go grab a giant drink of water
because you got to stay hydrated and I
did not have as much water as I was
supposed to today so I'm gonna grab one
of these fake mason jars I don't feel
like going all the way up to my room to
get the Brita water
you guys are about to see the true power
of wolfy what I can do right now I can
drink water pretty quick not not the
fastest in the world and lest a world
record needs to be broken and then I'll
drink it the fastest but I'm weird cuz
usually when I like I have a meal or
anything
I don't drink my water until the very
end like I eat the full meal before I
have a sip of my drink just because I
like to have all the drink at once so
this is nothing new to me
alright fuck you that one just married
me what do we got in the fridge cuz I
have not had a snack all day ooh
many cucumbers I will have one of those
right now these are really quick little
snacks you can eat and I think I'll have
a PITA I'm gonna shower quickly but I
think I'm gonna have a PITA after my
shower with some hummus if we have some
omus I'm a noob and I turn my mini
fridge to like a really cold temperature
so when I took out my hummus that I had
I had like a full thing of spicy hummus
you guys saw me by like a few vlogs ago
and I took it out and the friggin spicy
hummus was fully frozen like it was an
ice cube so I threw it out so now I
don't have any hummus personally the
house might have hummus but let me
shower quick and then come back to that
you already know your boy is showered I
found my hummus these midnight snacks
actually one 1:30 a.m. snacks are the
blessed this thing in the world now I'm
seeing what the boys are saying I think
Sean might be streaming so if he is I'm
gonna hop on the stream Ryan
texted me 1:20 a.m. he's like with the
man's Pokemon hunting these niggas are
addicted to Pokemon go Pokemon stop
taking over my friends lives like I was
a Pokemon master for like two days like
wolfies an expert gamer I can't be
playing games that crash every two
seconds you're taking over my men's
lives so my boy Ryan is a goof this guy
left his hat on my house and you know a
man can never have too many gray hats
alright you played yourself you want to
steal my nuts bro that sounded bad I'm
gonna steal my sunflower seeds bro you
want to steal my clothes all the time
you're never gonna see his hat again s
that S is for snake that's what you are
you're not getting the Hat bro guys I
just logged on twitch to see if Sean was
on he's not online you know he must be
hunting Pokemon usually Sean will be on
at this time when I'd be playing with
him this is the only time I can play I
can only play video games late at night
and I'm done doing my thing but Sean you
letting pokemon take over your life to
Brody
but you're better than this row first
Ryan and DJ than you man no Bongo
blanket wolf ham I officially have no
friends so I'm gonna need some friends
so leave in the comments down below if
you want to be my friend because all my
friends their lives are going to take it
over my Pokemon so I need people to talk
to me and Sylvia are gonna have to break
up soon because I told her if she
mentions dogs again I'm gonna
break up with her and she mentioned dogs
so you saw my tweet like this is not a
game anymore soon I'm gonna have no one
to talk to so and while you're at it
like the video because then it just
shows me that you're trying to be my
friend and we can just feel like the
best best friends in the world so I'm
just on Twitter right now I've been
playing video games for like the past
two hours it's three in the morning I'm
about to go to bed but you know your boy
Wolfie likes to stay up late I'm looking
at shit on Twitter and basically first
of all shout out to all the wolf am that
supported my new videos I've gotten an
insane amount of views in a short period
of time like the video already has like
250 K views in like four hours and I
asked for 50k likes and I know we've
been getting 50k likes but you guys got
it in literally two and a half hours or
like three hours which is fucked so I
just been reading through the comments
on that new video reading through my
tweets and you guys are giving me a lot
of suggestions on like DIY videos to do
and stuff like that so don't think I
don't read your tweets because I read
basically every single one of them but
I'm gonna end the vlog there I did not
do too much today I was editing and the
internet was just being a bitch so if
you guys did enjoy the vlog make sure to
give it a big thumbs up you've been
hitting 8k on every single vlog so far
more Wolfie so go down to that like
button and smash the like button for
your boy Wolfie also if you guys made it
this far in today's vlog I fucking love
you guys I want you guys to comment down
below so I know you made it this far in
today's vlog Ryan you're never getting
your hat back but that is it for today's
vlog again I hope you guys enjoyed the
amount of support you guys have been
giving me lately is insane like I can't
even I don't even know what to say thank
you thank you thank you again I hope you
enjoyed it and I will see you guys soon
on more Whoopi where we stay a little
bit more savage than my main channel and
as always like
