hey you're whisking super wolfy welcome
back to more wolfy today I'm going to
see my mute brother play his live music
festival
it's called Blues Fest it's a festival
in Ottawa future is going to be playing
before them so it's pretty big I got a
bunch of on the kitchen gram on my mom
that's one grandpa Jana shouting you
went out
don't say anything specced I got my
grandpa I'm gonna go freshen up my hair
so I don't look like a festival I should
know how long is making her daily
smoothie yeah it was brown yesterday but
it's green today green one that's
disgusting disgusting I'm at feeds guys
look at my nasty hair I don't have my
wave so today the mission is to get my
waves back it's over there so I put on a
hat yeah doesn't happen but uh let's see
what we could do today that was dark
let's see what we could do today alright
guys here's the after of my hair we got
fresh food going on this straightest
line you've ever seen I know you guys
are gonna comment you know it's not
straight below fuck you it's straight so
go go use it as a ruler in school or
something or comment down below what you
can use it as and then maybe I'll lend
you my hair line so you can pass school
or something alright so making my coffee
because I'm tired as hell I was falling
asleep at the barber but I got a form of
today today is my cheat day I'm not
working out today so I'm gonna write
that off on the calendar right now with
my big orange oh every few days you guys
should take a cheat day so that your
body can fucking recover because my body
is exhausted right now but it feels nice
to just kick back I'm gonna eat this
normal with extra sriracha shut up -
sriracha date I'm a sriracha God then
I'm going to edit my vlog so that I can
go to Blues Fest tonight while my vlog
still uploads jad just gave me a call
and reminded me that it's hope
volleyball today if you guys don't know
what that is which most you probably
don't you're not from where I'm from
it's a big charity volleyball tournament
and it's at Muniz Bay like one of the
beaches that I told you guys if you step
in you grow like an extra three legs
because the water is so gross but it's
dope there's so many people there and it
ranges from anywhere from like joking
volleyball team Nate oh I'm almost out
of my laptop well crazy teams that are
super competitive which I probably on
cuz you know I like to win everything to
like just like fun fucking teams that
you make with your friends it's awesome
I'm just reading through some of the
comments on my DIY cookie video and
someone's like as a person who loves to
bake this is really hard for me to watch
honestly I'd be just like picture
someone who's really good at like
baking and cooking just watching me I
wanted to punch me face see oh I suck at
cooking do you guys know that but like
as soon as I just read that comment I
was just like oh I can picture her
sickness right now I'm sorry I'm sorry
for that so my light-skinned bro Ryan is
coming to town we're going hard all the
boys are going to Blues Fest so as soon
as Ryan get to my house I'm gonna pick
up DJ and Vanessa and then we're gonna
go to Blues Fest I think Shawn and Chad
are already there
it's a turn up session let's go gotta
support the bro you guys know how it is
the squads going up the squad is going
up together so sways just showed up at
the house apparently no not apparently
there's there was rumors that Drake was
gonna be here tonight so I get to see my
brother perform and future and Drake my
brother's performing right after Drake
and future which is just like just take
that in that's fuck I'm a little
contrived lillek√ºla drew drew do your
job the job is I think amazing Tony it's
good shit boy swag Brad yang yin funding
and I were about to have some fun day
fun day fun day
Drake is coming this is insane Drake if
you don't show up literally maybe light
up my whole vlog so please show up and
but yeah again my brother is right after
Drake and future even just future just
take that in he's performing on the same
stage as future the Lionel's these are
our moves are starting to be made
remember Wolfie ham and wolf fam and my
bro and this sways nation Swayze because
in three years not even in two years
we're going to talk all the way up guys
if you don't have a tripod girl Brian
likes to use his footage I thought stop
this
maximum distance stuff that's ryan's
mission Ryan's first fan okay he came
across you you're on the vlog with Skid
Row this is my man what's your name Ryan
Ryan oh we got to Ryan's showdown - Ryan
from auto offer chasing us down four
blocks so Ryan it's getting cold outside
it's a bit nippy in here it's a bit
nippy in here never like you know it's
fun time Brian might be able to beat me
in punch right now I'm MVP tell me you
can see all those people walking on the
bridge going to the venue look at this
look at this
okay I'm shaky but there they are we are
almost there
we're in the action now pop goes all the
way down there and all the way all the
way behind me - also that might be Drake
we in this bitch I think I just spotted
Bongo future is on these things
I wanna do
my brother's autumn ablutions thank you
No
nigga branded was guessing wolf Sam yell
let's go
all right all right get all right so
it's you know you know right up
it's a good
you know rise ways you know if you
expect in your eyes ways you know
you know you know rice you guys know
right Smith so hold on okay no God you
know space nation
I got all the wolf am up in this bitch
as you can see zach is on the stage
getting ready for a show after future
over here
Anto not Alex where's Robbie Robbie
Dustin's in this bitch
I don't play really
Nellie is performing after my brother
who's managed with his blog and said
that least performing after my brother
and I just found a girl and a guy who
gave me a band-aid for Nellie so now I'm
I'm late Nellie Nellie is bringing up a
girl Austin is Mellie is bringing a guy
onstage you're picky of them tell me you
know who know all the women I know them
can be Game one yeah I'm a day one come
on this girl's going off
happiness joy boom Donny boy
thank you
so I got you on the vlog you guys say
what up no danger this guy's got a
YouTube channel
let's carry more Wolfie more wolfies lit
my nigga talk to her nigger just leaving
Bluesfest right now I'm with Chad Ryan
we met literally so many of you like
open a lot so I appreciate ya sway
station actually do come up so we all
appreciate you guys coming and saying
hey map showing love we fuck with you
guys we're gonna keep grinding until
till 25 man's going to do more meetups
cuz that was actually fun yes now we
know fans are gonna come if we do a
meet-up you're not nobody so we're gonna
host the Meetup 5 minutes out McDonald
see you there alright guys so I just got
back to my room I'm literally exhausted
but I think we're gonna go out tonight
me and the boys all the boys are in town
and everyone's kicking it so I hate to
do this but I'm gonna end the vlog here
I hope you guys enjoyed like all that
footage of me meeting a bunch of the
wolf fam at Blues Fest it was turnt my
brother's performance was amazing there
were so many fucking people Drake didn't
come I'm kind of cheesy but it's all
good Drake you know future was lit and
surprisingly Nelly was there and Nelly
was lit as fuck like we were gonna leave
then this guy started playing haunting
here just a dream like this guy came
back so shout out to Nelly you made us
all dance so yeah right man turning on
that so I hope you guys enjoyed the
quick little vlog maybe it'll be longer
I don't know how long it's gonna be if
you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up a bear vlog is gonna be
dropping tomorrow because you know I've
been dropping a lot of shit on this
channel so I hope you guys have been
enjoying if we can get this to 8,000
likes you know I wouldn't be mad so hit
that like button and if you guys made it
this far in today's vlog I fucking love
you guys I want you to comment down
below
stop eating my food Ryan stop stealing
my food comment hot in the comments
below cuz Ryan steals my food like
clothes like what sex row it spills it
to on the gun so comment down below stop
stealing my food Ryan and I will see you
guys soon or more Wolfie where we still
a little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always mo
