but I do not know if there will be the
blog anymore so no more will be welcome
back to more Whoopi today is Christmas
Eve guys Merry Christmas Eves to
everybody watching this vlog I hope more
than regular today I hope you guys are
having a fantastic day one day until
Christmas even if you don't celebrate
Christmas Happy Holidays I hope you guys
are having a fucking good day anyways
before we even begin the vlog you guys
already know in Christmas season it is
like season as well so I need you guys
to go down and smash that like button
right now with your nose 5 seconds to do
it
1 2 3 4 5 thousand likes on this blog
today is gonna be eventful because yo
like I completely wasn't thinking of who
is gonna be at my house for Christmas
and I may or may not have gotten them
presents leaning towards the side I'm
not getting the presents it's Christmas
Eve which means models are gonna be
absolutely impacted a it's gonna be a
hectic day and I don't even know what to
get them
this is last second there's a lot of
stuff I got to do today but yo just know
your boy Wolfie gets it done I just
shaved my likkle beard my pubes on my
face I'm feeling fresh just took a
shower curly hair as you guys can see
last night was a failed attempt at
giving me twist ciliated like the first
six little pieces of my hair they didn't
work I'm gonna have to go to a
professional gotta find that good boy
Prince come on good boy Prince yes good
boy you're actually so cute today what
the fuck I gave you a shower and like
look at you good boy Prince yeah guys
literally I don't know what it is about
Prince every time I give him a shower in
salt water this is what he looks like
for like a full day then he goes back to
look like a kid naked mole-rat but this
is what he looks like today it's
actually a good hair day good boy say
that again mister I play can continue
them three days a week what's gonna call
it post meets what's it for tonight yeah
that's over yeah yeah you're me and bond
we're going to the mall solo dolo cuz
all bands are playing for tonight and
Dave's already turned it's 11 a.m.
cake ends already sit sit
I mean Prince Prince the boy a prince
all right
stay there we're gonna go shopping I'll
get you a present ready yeah good boy
hey Euro little detour before downtown
literally I just had like a notification
on my car right before I'm getting rid
of it say yo your tires low on air so we
stopped at the tires later time to
inflate this bitch how much means this
tired fleeter alert go inside and then
check the thing so I turn it on this is
what helps have two people one person
can complete the other person can turn
the car on where is it now just says
door open I'm stressed where's the
freakin tires
yo okay I don't know what to tell Bongo
cuz oh no there it is there it is guys
what the hell is this so I think he's
gonna keep filling it up until that sign
goes away yo doesn't feel empty
then what the hell go go go I'm stressed
guys cuz like literally we're just
driving to the mall and I was gonna go
pick up Omar and then it just happened
like why is it trying to buzzkill my
mood
why is it trying to not yet this is the
Grinch this car is the Grinch it's
trying to not make me get presents for
people for Christmas what the hell oh I
don't know what's going on but hopefully
this gets better why did you wrap your I
ain't like a Christmas present
it's not even Christmas gasps her ugly
Christmas sweater shopping and this only
has a medium left
hmm so white man Papa man not here nice
it's not be not be not doing no more say
what up to the common man Christmas suit
oz a onesie it's like a blazer no guys
we're Christmas
why's every store trying to sell swaggy
shit when they know wolfies out here
looking for Christmas I'm not trying to
be wavy right now saying man's been out
of our door for so long he forgets where
the stores are where's blue notes
mr. Ness you know where are we
it's that big what like where are we
like we're here you know you look the
bugle up one and watch them
I think these maps said you'd never know
it's besides it's beside the figure
enough food for it is it oh okay retake
no guys never shop for an ugly Christmas
sweater the day before Christmas the
hair swept out he'll literally know
we're both swaggy but it knows what
what's the fit of the day with this is
Andrew oh no no this is that thing and
then this fear god nut sack looking
Tim's setup by the classic black
Balenciaga jeans so the all point in the
road section and the ovo hat goose
collapse hope yoku shut up the goose in
this Suey nation Dustin is here the
snake was getting pants he's getting a
shirt or should I get up stay tuned find
out what should I get him honestly he
does have med zero right now but he
would have told me like if he had it
already so like I caught this and this
is my comfy so I might get him this shit
on the other side actually I can tell
you what I'm getting him because this is
gonna be all by the time Christmas here
so I can say that one's nice this is my
throat these are the most comfy pants I
own I just got those in I think I'm
gonna get them bees these and this
you'll either take the cargo John dust
you better get me a million dollars you
already know what it is we got the big
bag alert now we can find Dustin back in
the store and reunited bongo but yo this
will we gotta have to go home and wrap
it yes you'll never know never know I'm
up to sometime
after something guys holy tell me why
Omar just pointed out that tiffany is
not even a girl this dudes are selling
all this jewelry you're sneaking us
black to words we're running out of
options
literally there is no Christmas sweaters
left we went everywhere we are now
outside shopping for some places Urban
Outfitters is like one of the last
options I mean there's a there's other
options but like we need food and
there's a place you guys know it's
called Walmart basically the most basic
of like Christmas sweaters bare people
probably have them but I'm literally
settling at this point so we're gonna go
check it out as soon as we're done here
thank God shut up Urban Outfitters we
found the Grinch and I got a dog one on
me so I got a buy one for my dad because
he doesn't have the time to get one
today they um I get him this Mickey
Mouse one large for the daddy now that I
need one and I think I'm gonna get the
car
I don't know I don't know time to eat
real quick after a long day of shopping
had to deal with Shanghai 360 no 360
kickflip
hey what okay yo I came in the store and
I'm so stressed I didn't come here
earlier cuz I have one size XL left of a
latest tree Bobby look at this sweater
though literally a Christmas tree on
fire mary'll it miss haha and res my
favorite color
I might exchange nah too lazy yo why buy
off way when you can buy knock ah fine
oh they took the back get slaughtered
ever saw a quick little stop to go get
wolfy jr. a new collar because it is
broken and then some likkle presents to
him and prints new presents what are we
getting these boys oh yeah some beef
sticks don't mind if I do
great guys and here actually they they
beat me in the Christmas tree off you
guys saw my Christmas tree the white one
that Sylvia put up with all the
decorations guys no they killed it
Christmas spirit it's two foot one and
no princess look hey where's the present
where's the presents not one present
it's not Christmas it's Christmas Eve
yeah screw drugs
all right Santa better bring it guys
I'll be dropping by here tomorrow and
I'll give you an update on this skin
baby treat yeah may or may not have just
posted the most flyer Instagram pic I've
ever posted in my life with this dog
sweater that's the one I think I'm gonna
wear tomorrow I got my dad the Grinch
one so you already know we're gonna be
lit everyone's gonna be in a Christmas
ugly Christmas sweater tomorrow I'm
super H but yo wolf am all I want for
Christmas because you guys physically
can't ship anything to me literally
tomorrow all I want is a lake on that
picture
okay so literally if you're watching
this vlog I don't give who you are what
you're doing even if you clicked on this
barb accident here's the pic okay here's
Instagram Wolfie I mean you guys should
know that I am Wolfie comment and like
on the pic right now let's get it to
300,000 likes that's all I want that's
my Christmas wish to lip pick okay so go
do it wolf bam anyways me and we're
gonna figure sit to do because it's
Christmas Eve got all the presents stand
out time so we're back at the crib now
guys long ago just left
it's literally me and Omari mid oz Omari
business literally one hour left until
Christmas honestly these past couple
days have been kind of stressful for me
because I just went Christmas shopping
like all friggin day and I'm exhausted
and I'm kind of stressed because we
didn't end up getting stalking so I hold
my mom's stuff the stockings with
something otherwise I'm gonna have to go
to the store and do that tonight which
is really late and I gotta go back to I
don't to love anyways so I was like you
know how can i spice up the vlog cuz
like I haven't really done anything
interesting today it was all kin
shopping not even for like cool stuff
for just like random things half the
stuff I couldn't show and I was like yo
Omar does music cause yeah yeah go ahead
you could plug yourself bro yeah
SOUTHCOM Sasha my admits look world of
link be in the description yeah I want
you what will the link in the
description yeah yeah they'll be linked
don't worry but will their comment he
sent me the blog skate whatever link in
the description he does music go check
him out I gotta plug the friends that's
your Christmas gift guys honestly though
go to his SoundCloud link go to his
Apple music and spotify give him plays
and tell him that I sent you that's my
present it's the least I can do you know
guy got his chest wax for me for so you
know what I mean bro I owe you for that
I owe you
I owe you fam the wolf and the wolf em
anyways guys we're gonna play a
challenge we're gonna do a challenge
that I haven't done in a minute because
like we were just like low-key I was
looking up instrumentals because I'm
trying to make more music and that got
me thinking of guests the rap challenge
so this is one of your one of your guys
favorite challenges these videos have
always killed it on my channel so we're
gonna do guest the route challenge I
want you guys to play along at home
basically how it works you have five
seconds to guess the song I'm gonna play
a song it's not gonna be me it's just
gonna be you I'm gonna like be mad at ya
so we're gonna see how many points you
can get then and then you're gonna go in
and steal me no no I
you mean there's no challenge you're
playing against the viewers all right
bring it okay so yo comment how many
songs you get right but don't fuckin lie
guys like we're playing legitimate I got
the songs right here this is level four
and I tried picking rap songs because
that's what I listen to I know a lot of
you guys listen to rap songs as well so
we are gonna do that and then I have
something important to bring up we're
out of songs not gifts okay ready
let me set up the tripod okay guys
here's the setup
I got my laptop ready thing are you
ready guys eHome are you ready at home
ready Gail this is like our Christmas
tribute up my hair let me have some of
my cool cars cuz I only like red and
white things we talk about Canada right
do you know rap songs like how well I
don't know anyone okay I know I don't
know what's that one you know check the
statistics link in description now music
spotify download it you know that one
yeah you know the wolf 3 on summers will
do Ashcombe go by right now because
christmas is here and it's boston a
specialist these prescription they're
prescription
ok here we go right into it three two
one what the Gucci game yeah that was
the easiest one I swear this couldn't
have been any easier Gucci Gucci Gaga
you know I actually don't this is how
much they new hip oh really yeah cuz I
feel like this one blue skies like
schema has like all the new rappers
anyways that was gucci gang by little
pump so that's on the screen i hope you
guys like that cuz that song snapchat
you know how many views it herself
how many youtube has been pushing that
song bro I swear to God I'd say over 270
mm to 330 ml where to God and how many
of those views were in the past month
let me see his social blade stats right
YouTube when I push a video they push a
video 300 mil push I can't even see the
stats but you know can't check these two
steps two hundred mil of those views are
in the past
but it's like yeah we'll just push them
anyways Gucci a little pump great song I
hope you guys got that one right next
song okay three two three two one go
Takashi's six nine gum oh here's a
little more song it's like forces go
bang this is new Kiki chakra that's
gonna be able he sure to guard the songs
but they are all lit songs it's all gum
o-69 next song where are you - four - so
far and this one you're gonna get this
one i'm stressed that but i can't even
like guys big shock
I'll apologize to you bro just not today
not today it's not gonna fit honestly
bro I have no beef with you you know
that but check the statistics link in
description is great song but that one
obviously is man's natural heart my big
shock
god damn bro homers on fire that's
that's not off three in a row okay here
we go next
we're 75 say come up teach kids my poop
me goes a knot just like we know it's
not like well this is the easiest
challenge I've ever seen in my life
yeah if you guys are getting these wrong
at home you don't listen to rock scored
well yeah that's me goes t-shirt I mean
that's really nothing to say
you get the bag and fungal that I get
the bag and flipping the tumbler and say
that the life together cash and a
cupcake with a blood in it no my mom and
she got asked and she won fuck up a bag
pull up to the spot
feeling me pull up to the spot living
too fast dropping the dopants - oh okay
what's the song name though
Rory I get the bag yeah if I get the big
right again you get the bank actually
who features on it gucci mane okay yeah
you got it right
haven't you met him it says gucci mane
first of gucci mane my man bro it's
gucci mane Wow good yugi-boy
that's my Gucci it's Gucci my homie man
goddamn so you're like literally perfect
I'm gonna skip ahead because I feel like
they get harder as it goes on because
like in in trouble okay no you're not
getting this on you go
I don't know this one
you do know who is it chief keef that
says it on screen I can see a cheeky
yeah just keep your butt like whoa I do
not listen to shit keep like that yeah
now you can't see the comments no okay
it's called kills by cheap you kill I'm
killed yeah let me see if I can get
another one that like okay come on man
let's see if you know this man here you
go this is like new school what's his
name Dexter that's not his name Dexter
his name
I mean that's one of his aliases but I
mean Dexter Dexter Dex you said that's
what some what comes before death so
yeah do you know who that is Dexter a
rapper is reversed okay well his name's
famous next famous dick yeah it's famous
takes I'll take Dexter but like what's
Dexter that's it
or I'll give you broad give you a point
if you can guess either the song name or
who have features I'll play it back for
you one time even though this is against
the rules
you actually know that voice man yeah
it's like I'd say like he's like more of
a new-school rapper I put him in that
future
yeah like both of them to be honest yeah
that's it oh you know man Oh famous Dex
featuring what flows off the top of your
head well just a Gucci Wayne to me three
words doesn't name three words three
words that's a pretty big head to be
honest okay you got it wrong it's rich
the kid and the songs rich the kids on a
new rapper what the hell he's popping
right now
yeah B's bin Poppins not really rich the
kid he went has named ten heavyweights
three songs
he's written case open day three songs
bro oh yeah what's the call yeah yeah
you get a minute right never I told you
drinks with pop would you be like okay
that's in name three songs you'd do it
no hate to rich the kid but he's been
popping arias bro just cuz I listen a
little pump isn't he hasn't been popping
you know he had he hasn't been no pump
is so new road I'm saying like you know
an artist how this is him next question
next question yeah we're gonna do one
more actually two more this one I know
for sure so I would get this in two
seconds
this is really me wasn't it one of never
broke you understand all this is me with
I know it's them quickly brought ok can
the song is you know run it up it's
something to run mmm gnarly what is it
it affects about her it's run it up bro
revolution they're perfect rubbing off
the pain
rubbing off the pain oh right rubbing
off the pain last song if you get this
right I will actually put your link in
the description if you get this wrong
then I would just say I will and it will
never do nothing to so this is all or
nothing this is a song bro cuz I know
this song is dumb poppin ready that's
not a song that was just a preview 3 2 1
this is it
did you change there's probably people
are home like I know it's all I know the
name I don't it's a bird
so do you know the song name you could
save all my you know that song name this
one is the chain you're joking
it is some raw animal spur growth okay
ASAP Berkshire you got the name rental
didn't know this so now you got WWE
description just I'll color next but
it's like slash market it how do you
spell nobody don't like I can be in the
description laptops going away guys
asking Siri for help
well I'm looking I don't know man I know
it's birds like the rock it says that
the whole picture - rock song names ok I
will literally give you the biggest hint
ever starts with Plain Jane
Tran June is that your final answer no
what's your final answer roll oh man do
it you have three seconds K playing
James
okay yours you got it right yeah sir I
got time Jean hey Jane did you know that
play G yeah
no dancing Joe oh my god alright so link
in the description doing soundcloud now
back to the important thing that I
needed to talk to you guys about
basically I know I told you guys in
yesterday's vlog that I would be making
two vlogs on Christmas Day but there has
been some complications that have came
up so I do not know if I'm gonna be able
to drop the two laws even though I
promise you guys if you hit 40,000 likes
and you guys are killing the like button
that I would drop the two the unboxing
president president's presents as a
separate one and then the full Christmas
day as another vlog because you guys
seem to love the Christmas loves
obviously I'm trying to give you guys
what you want but there has been some
complications so I do not know hold on
let me make this dramatic a dramatic
music and rain falls I do not know if
I'll be able to drop to belongs tomorrow
it might be the one it might not even be
the one guys it's Christmas Day things
are hard to do on Christmas Day I don't
know how busy I'll be but I really want
to get them out so if I don't get them
out that that day at least I will be
filming them so you will see them okay
that's a promise but I do not know if
there will be the vlog anymore so no
more vlog today you guys say so I'm
gonna try though I'm gonna try this is
loyal wolf and be like y'all I love you
guys are dead
late-night mission guys I am shirtless
under my jacket because literally we're
gonna go to my mom's house in a bit it's
like 3 a.m. I don't know why but I have
this ritual of always staying at my
mom's house it makes you feel like a
little baby again but yeah I stay at her
house I didn't wake up and then we have
Christmas on Christmas Day where we
under half of all the presidents so
that's coming tomorrow but Sylvia's
gonna get ready so me and where I have
time to kill the house got a drive home
our home laughter so here's a sneak
Noguchi of the state but yo oh my god
it's windy outside until then guys we're
going into hot tub which has a broken
roof but I gotta put on these boots bare
feet to lift the cover let's see if I
can do this here we go guys
this kind of blessed guys though go in a
hot tub when you live in Canada yeah and
my feet are burning
cuz y'all I don't know if you guys know
this but just when you go from really
cold to really hot aka my feet being in
the cold it burns snowing everywhere
that you can see and we are in a hot tub
my head is frozen but my body is warm
anyways we're gonna be in here for a bit
until Sofia's ready oh my god brah what
do you see that I just sat in here with
my phone is it if I don't
you're the water cooler no no no no no I
was like you I just thought in my head I
was like I think I just sat in here with
my phone I reached my pocket my phones
my pocket oh but I don't know I mean I
guess I'll tell you guys in tomorrow's
vlog or I'll beat you guys but no
apparently they are waterproof se7 was
so with the why the hell in the 10 bags
you can see that alright guys so you can
barely even see me right now hold up
I'll try and clear off the camera but yo
I'm freezing
I think I broke my camera there is frost
on my hair right now guys you can't see
me I hope you can hear me because this
is gonna work I think I broke the camera
the camera
god damnit guys my phone and my camera
broke you guys I'll come back in a
second hopefully my camera's working one
sec alright guys I think you can see a
bit now the lights on the top
camera are kind of broken it's getting
better I don't know if the sound works
to be honest I might have to put
subtitles over this whole part but uh
I'm gonna end the vlog off there you
guys know tomorrow's Christmas actually
right now is Christmas so Merry
Christmas Happy Holidays to you guys if
you don't celebrate Christmas like I
said before I love you guys to death I
hope you guys get all the presents you
want literally stay tuned for tomorrow's
vlog the Christmas vlog is gonna be
super emotional and happy so you guys
are definitely not gonna want to miss
that we're headed to my mom's house
literally right now as soon as I end the
vlog let's see if we can get 35,000
likes on this vlog wolf AM because
Christmas look at the tree no presents
cuz the president could be our mom so
comment down below happy holidays and
share the love guys and matter of fact
comment down on other people's comments
saying happy holidays spread love and
positivity that's all we do and I will
see you guys soon one more Wolfie will
resalable war sours on my main channel
and as always stay savage Lego
