hey yo what's courtesy boy wolfy welcome
back to my wolfy I'm starting the day
off by seeing if I can replace my
license plate I'm gonna go to the car
place right now I think I have
everything I need
I got my license plate a screwdriver to
take it off all that stuff so hopefully
today I can put the new license plate on
usually there's a huge line at this
place like every time so hopefully I
don't have to wait too long but it will
be dope if I can get this license plate
on today so I grab the number I am
Number 90 right now the number is on 70
so that's not bad that's like 20 22
weight only so I'm guessing in like the
next 20 minutes I think I'll be called
in and then hopefully we can bang so at
service Ontario Ottawa low key I have 15
minutes to go but you know while I'm
waiting I might as well hunt some
Pokemon so we got a pidgeotto near me
three steps away I'm really considering
going walking off but I don't know if
I'll make it back in time because people
are coming out like really fast so I
don't know how much time I have but this
Pidgeotto is calling your boy's name
right now this is the good thing about
Pokemon when you have time to kill all
you do is hunt Pokemon and then you
never have time to kill like if you show
up somewhere early it's not a problem
anymore because you can just hunt your
Pokemon so the lady said I need to take
off my old license plate so I'm running
them back to her right now okay we're
officially done I screwed on the new
license plate it looks blessed all I
know is that you guys better put some
 respect on wolfies name okay I'm
not a typical wolf I'm not typical wool
from king Wolfie now King Wolfie
everyone knows that King Wolfie you want
to see the front - BAM get out of here
cars got a name now King Wolfie cars
King wolf ooh we rolling up wolf ham
wolf am thumbs up for that because
we're too late this is not a game tell
me another youtuber who's doing
like that okay there might be one but
still I did it better so I'm at Walmart
picking up a camera cord and this kid
just grilled the out of me maybe
it's because I have a baby face with all
these kids like you
these babies they always look at me for
like an extended period of time
it's like they're trying to tell me
something but they can't talk so it's
kind of weird but I'm just gonna make my
way back to the cords and hopefully I
don't have to do the other good like
that so I found the cable on my own
which is a record for me in Walmart
because usually I have to ask employees
and there's a loud beeping that's
pissing me off I think I come to Walmart
too much like I seriously think I'm here
every single day but look at this I also
found this thing sorry for the annoying
beat this thing allows you to like six
different people one two three four five
six six different people to listen to
music at once I don't know why you did
that but uh there's some crazy
inventions are oh my god my ears are
killing me shut up to all the people in
school that know what this is this
glue stick is iconic this stuff and alum
is glue but what all these ones - if you
guys know what these are you guys are
the real school MVPs all right before I
do anything before I get food or
anything I'm gonna check if this is the
right cord for my camera so give me two
seconds I'm plugging in fine I'll tell
you if it's the right thing if not I
have to walk back in Walmart find
another cord which I'm not looking
forward to but I think this is it so
give me a give me a sec all right guys
the moment of truth it is the wrong time
to say that it's the wrong chord it's
the right chord it's the right chord
we're good now I need some food
guys as you can see your boy wolfies on
his diet I'm eating these snow peas I
don't know if these are snow peas
they're just Peas but I got my sausages
my healthy made fresh here sausages as
you guys can see there's kale in it so
you know it's super healthy when there's
kale in it I mean it is sausage and
there's a lot of fat but the kale
evens it out with the nutrients it's
it's gonna put my body with all the
hypochondria ins and stuff yeah Dustin's
cooking my brother Dustin is cooking
right now maestra moved on slowly side
he is my brother twice removed on Silvia
side to be exact so you guys don't need
to fight in the comments that's what he
is to me technically like my my uncle
somehow but yeah I told Dustin if he
cooks the sausages he could have one so
I don't cook my own food I don't like
cooking it usually I just buy extra make
my brother or Silvia or my sister
ever cook it for me so we got these peas
this hummus got some peat over here I
just made smoothies last but not least
oh I might even have an avocado I think
I might have an avocado and then
Dustin's on the sausage duty but the
mutes not talking he's a mime you gotta
wear Unipart you got a read what he's
saying
all right so my smoothie I think my food
is done so I pretty much murk my
smoothie but look at the sausages
sriracha Dave what's up bro what's up I
eat more sriracha than you on everything
that's it it's a wrap I'll have a quick
little pea busted wide open oh there's
nothing inside this one yeah I grew as I
cut his hand this one you trying to
force-feed me to drink it so we could be
blood brothers what you and good was
your ass disgusting so me and Dustin
were playing some over watching that my
grandma came downstairs and showed me
this apparently this was just on top of
my swinging set oh my god and the
neighbors blew off into their window way
over there this wind is insane right now
holy crap every time the wind is crazy
this thing usually lifts like it's
usually sitting on top there and it
lifts it all the way up and then this
thing almost blows off the edge but the
neighbors is flying the wind is crazy
right now and it's like dripping rain
lightly but doesn't supposed to go to
some festival in Auto all we have like
this music festival called Blues Fest my
brother's playing there tomorrow and I'm
going to that but if the weather
continues to be like this it's gonna be
rough you guys can probably hear the
amount of wind right now going into the
microphone Cleo how do you feel about
the wind she wants to go outside anyways
let's go let's go outside you want you
want to see the wind whoa whoa whoa I'll
show you the wind
see that wind you feel that wind clear
do you like the new license plate Clio
it's a nice license plate back to
overwatch junk rad looking ass guys I
just got playing the game
patty wolfy on here killing that whole
team get the outta here get the
 outta here
you want something to take it you two
less easy literally I was seven and five
like seven kills and fireballs yes get
those votes I was seven kills in four
deaths up until like the very end of the
game when I was like you know what
it I'm going tracer because that's my
character Merc their whole team thirty
two and five only one gap and like a
billion kills two second game played you
don't mess with wool view any stray sir
otherwise I'm gonna do some like
this triple kill
let's go D so Hold'em uncle gonni will
be heist racer I'm the world's best
player camera you're on the vlog say hi
to the fans hi everybody
guys look at this she's watching a video
of course Italy my mom watches my videos
in the same spot course family love
these have raisins in them ah no these
are raisins a not chocolate chip oh this
old man just oatmeal
oh so it's healthy diet so my grandma
gave me presents told me a look in this
bag I got a protein bar let's see what
we got why do wolves hower how how
questions and hits is about wolves the
leader of the pack needs to know all the
answers how old are you 22
I'm seventeen seventy oh darn you got my
head 1716 yeah go autograph like he
should dump my age vetted out did you
know that you already have outlived a
wolf in the wild 10 to 13 years average
in the wild 16 years in captivity keep
doing what you're doing we are proud of
you happy wolf day care my gramps
thank you very much what's the other
thing do I get this to you no this is
yours oh yeah no wow wool shirt nice
that looks good this right there you go
what do you think that's nice does it
fit though of course let me try it on
Wow all right ace it's perfectly that
does Wow look at that was actually nice
guys that make my shirt my grandma knows
I got this I walk around with my book
yes there's one more little thing in
there oh yeah mm-hmm I know you don't
wear jewelry but hey I'm bracelet too
yeah well this give me a rash no a
fashion jewelry store I got my laser -
yeah he looks like a gladiator legit
legit mm-hmm Sylvia you get this this is
for my grandma to you that's right
I'm swag no doubt so it's like 1:00 in
the morning I was just informed that I
gotta go pick up Dustin's on the bus
stop am I so red this camera makes me so
red hello work I got my new wolf swag on
shout out to my grandma for the
shirt I look like a savage now and not
let's go get this guy got to show that
wolf am love on the more wolfy vlog
these people came Matt early the vlogs
been up for like two minutes not even
and there's mad people commenting
already so shout out to all the people
if you saw yourself you're the best
I appreciate you guys let's get it all
right so it's just on YouTube and I just
watched one of faze rains videos it was
like this optical illusion apparently in
this one picture there's something in
the picture that you're supposed to see
but it's really hard to find I just
looked at the picture for like half an
hour I'll pop it up on the screen right
now maybe you guys can find it quicker
than me Dustin and Zach announcer so I'm
gonna show it to them and see how long
it takes them to see it Dustin I have a
challenge for you I'm ready
here's a picture yeah there's something
in the picture that you're supposed to
see there's a cell phone in the picture
oh yes
there's a cell phone in the picture you
got to find it
that's one of those something a little
from far apparently it's an optical
illusion but I don't think it's really
it's not an optical illusion
when you say cellphone we talk an iPhone
there's a full cellphone in the photo
it's not supposed to with your eyes
or anything it's just like find the cell
phone essentially like what's that book
Where's Waldo Where's Waldo
looking ass how big is my cell phone my
am I gonna step back to see if it's
worth the size of a cell phone
I took me like 30 minutes for a huge
wall I mean there's no cell phone I
sorta God there is this I can show it to
you no no mom give me 30 more so once I
show you it's a wrap
you'll never not see it are you looking
to cut up no I'm getting different
perspectives oh you know God give me his
II give me a hint it's on the right side
you give up never give off all right
well I'm glad you forced me to quit so I
don't have to get her over right there I
don't care what you're talking about
that's it's right there bro that is a
cell phone
do you see the camera oh wow that's not
fair
that is fair bro not been there the
whole time as maybe Zak and get it
quicker if you get it myself tonight
the problem is you're thinking in your
head like what I know I know that's how
you're saying that's what somebody looks
like see it with your head that is
what a cell phone looks like yeah but
yeah with a case on it well no it's a
play it has a kick that's this is there
is the case is black and has a flower
pattern on it snake one that's essence
snake he's still okay I don't want him
to get it on his own because I don't
feel upset I know I don't trust me you
give up all right
hey there yeah this is the phone that's
the camera top left
in that cave in this come on you all
lost guys this is the optical illusion
go find it and tell me how long it takes
you took you forever right so it's what
I am I think I'm gonna end the vlog here
but before I end the vlog I just got to
do something special
that's pick up this red marker bust it
off it's the 15th c1 off date tomorrow I
might take an off day I haven't been
doing crazy workouts but I've still been
working out every single day making sure
I do a little bit of something every
single day so it's an improvement from
what I was doing which was nothing so
baby steps anyways I'm gonna end the
vlog here I hope you guys enjoyed if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
Wolfen we've been getting eight thousand
likes on every single vlog so drop a
like on the video let's break that a K
and if you guys made it this far in
today's vlog I love you guys I want you
guys to comment down below you're gonna
need a new marker soon comment you are
going to need a new marker soon because
honestly if I keep this up I will
need a new marker because I'll be
putting up these red X's every day and
I'll be running out of ink or whatever
it is
marker stuff but that's it for today on
more Wolfie I will see you guys soon
remember to stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always though
