hey your woods get at you boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy right now I'm
cooking some coffee
cooking some coffee no I'm boiling some
coffee because your boy is a little bit
tired I need to wake up but right now
it's not even nice outside it's rainy
and it's not the nice rain that you like
it's literally just like the rain that
makes you not want to do anything so I'm
trying to motivate myself to get in the
mood to edit and all that stuff I'm
making the coffee I have some food
waiting downstairs I just made a bagel
with egg and then I have another Vale
natural peanut butter on it which to a
lot of people is gross because it's not
like the best kind of peanut butter but
like I'm used to it now so I fuck with
it and then of course you know I got to
have my smoothie as well so I'm gonna go
muck breakfast and then after that
Purolator the mailman have been trying
to deliver me a package for the past
couple days and I haven't been home to
get it so I want to get that and I also
need to unplug my sink today in the
washroom because right now when you fill
it up with too much water this is really
gross but you fill it up with too much
water it just starts to clog I'm pretty
sure it's like clogged with hair or
something I'll blame Soviet for that so
I need to get something see look it's
just not going down right away so
there's just a bunch of little things
that I need to get done before I edit
because when I start to edit I literally
just sit down and zonah the world don't
text anyone back stuff like that so I'm
trying to get these little things done
so that I can sit for the rest of the
day and edit so here's my peanut butter
bagel and then my eggs I'm gonna go get
some sriracha to put on the bagel on the
one with the eggs number but I have my
water bottles out here I left them in
the freezer I was doing like a really
cool experiment video and I wanted to
like fuck around with these water
bottles as well but I forgot them in the
freezer overnight so they're completely
rock solid so I'm letting them fly out
over there
got to get my smoothie to do my
smoothies paint my mom makes green
smoothies so I'll show you what the end
result of her somebody's gonna be its
disgusting oh those are cherries kale
whatever she puts in it it turns out
absolutely green instead of pink so it's
not good brown brown smoothies you'll
see guys this what it looks like mine
was way more appetizing
all I gotta say is look at this fucking
plate oh that's not me
um I'm cheese nevermind nevermind hey
daddy Wolfie right there I'll vote for
myself let's get it let's get it let's
get it come on
epoch give me a big hey so I'm literally
finishing up on editing this video but
this number keeps calling me and I
didn't know what number was but it turns
out I just looked up the number on
Google and it's the male company trying
to send me something or call me about
like maybe getting my package or
something so I'm gonna go there quick
and then come when we finish the Edit
but I'm trying to go there before it
closes like I'm honestly kind of
confused right now cuz I don't remember
ordering anything in like the last
little while and I don't remember anyone
telling me they were gonna send me
anything so a white limo so yeah I
literally have no idea what I'm gonna
pick up hopefully it's still there
because Loki I ignored this number
probably like three to four times like
if you're not in my saved contacts on my
phone I'm probably not gonna answer you
if you're like a random number or an
unknown caller then I'm fucking
definitely not answering you so I'm kind
of excited I'm kind of cheese that I had
to stop editing for a bit but it's all
good hopefully it's something nice
alright so we're just getting here right
now okay
let me pull in this bitch okay I think I
know what it is just based off how small
this is it's not like a big box it's
just like a little parcel I'm pretty
sure I know what it is and now remember
getting it so I'm gonna go home and open
it up I'm fucking excited if this is
what I think it is I'm amped right now
okay please tell me I'm not the only one
who thinks this like when I'm driving or
when I'm sitting in the passenger seat
and I'm going fast down a road and
there's cyclists or bikers or whatever
the fuck you want to call them coming
coming towards you like going the
opposite direction on the sidewalk does
it not make you like extremely nervous
when they don't have their hands on the
handles to steer and they're just riding
along all happy and shit and at any
moment one little rock could go in
between their fucking pedal or wheels
whatever and if that rock just bounces
in the wrong angle they're flying off
the bike why are you not have your hands
on the wheel not the wheel turn the car
is the wheel why do you not have your
hands on fucking handles of the bike
that Jesus me I'm not gonna lie cyclists
already choose me so just that on top of
how much they already chooses me um come
on so the key to success is this liquid
plumr the hair clog one because sylvia
has a lot of hair so you got to get this
one you can't just get the full clog or
you probably could get that one but i'm
gonna show you guys how blessed of a job
that shit does okay for this stuff to
work all you have to do is pour it all
in the sink wait 15 minutes and then
rinse it with hot water that's it so I'm
going to let the water run for a minute
and show you a before and how clogged
the sink is and then I'm going to show
you an after after 15 minutes once this
is rinsed out and everything's cleared
just to show me the difference so let's
let this run for a little bit it's
already starting to fill up you see that
it hasn't gone down usually we go down
my down the sink as a flop right now but
we're gonna wait we're gonna wait boom
even more and it's only been like 30
seconds so far so after about 45 seconds
it's already this clogged so let's let
it go down right now it's going to take
a little bit of time because it's
clogged right but let's let it go down
quick and then we'll put this stuff in
the liquid plumr the hair clog Edition
Sylvia this is for you wait I don't have
any hair on my head so it must be you
squeeze the bottle nice
look at that oh man there we go kill all
the bacteria in the sink just like that
now we wait all right so it's definitely
been way more than fifteen minutes so
I'm just gonna let some water run down
and there you go the water does not stay
it goes down instantly plumber wooly
alright so it's been a couple hours I
just finished editing my video and I
just got off FaceTime with Silvia let's
open this package because I think like I
said I think I know what it is but it
could be something else
so I just I want to make sure that it is
what I think it is let us see this yeah
it's it that's cool check this out you
guys you guys didn't believe me you
didn't believe me when I said I was
getting this you didn't believe me I do
you think this is a joke
this isn't a joke now when you guys see
me driving my car you'll know who the
fuck it is right it's your boy King Wolf
money let's go the license plate the
license plates finally came in I think I
have to register them now I don't know
how versus I've never done this before
never had a car before so this is
exciting I'll look into that tomorrow
I'm not going to do it today because I'm
busy today but this is gonna be on my
car in a few days hopefully a few days
peep this so me and my brother about to
go to the store to get some chips he's
gonna eat the chips I might have like
one or two but I still need to work out
today right now I'm on Twitch and I'm
watching Sean Stream I just finished
editing my vlog so I'm gonna go troll in
the comment section for a bit and see
how long it takes for this kind of
notice because every time he's on he
never notices me and I'm always so
lonely so did you just notice me you
know like so I'm just gonna type in the
comments and see how long it takes for
this man to notice me I'm gonna comment
what up what up Sean its it's me can i
play with you please Sean notice me man
just this knows me I like a I'm a loyal
subscriber to your stream bro like I
follow you on all social medias room
like why
why don't you notice me bro guys too
busy working
you know what you know what fuck it I'm
gonna hop on my ps4 and see if I can
play with these guys guys look I went
from being on the stream to being on the
stream I got in the game alright guys so
Sean's Sean I can't even talk
Sean stream was lit as hell but me and
my brother about to go get I think he's
gonna get chips and I'm gonna go get a
salad because I haven't eaten dinner yet
and it's honestly I think it's like
12:00 at night your boy wolfies been
editing all day today and I think he
deserves a nice salad with some chicken
in it so Zach's driving which means I
can whip out my Pokemon and see what
Pokemon are near me right now so we got
a Pikachu that's three steps away a
Pikachu I don't really see Pikachu's
often I have one but you know it's
always nice to have another Pikachu so
let's see if we're moving closer or
further from it I think it's getting
further there's a Rattata which I always
thought was written
Ratatat at before but into a Kannada
basically Zach's being my uber right now
so I can hunt these Pokemon because he
knows how serious the grind is kay the
Pikachu's the other way laughs yeah
although you win some you lose some
hey can I get one of those spicy Caesar
salads the spicy chicken ones the full
size please ah okay yeah and the junior
bacon cheeseburger
yeah that's it thank you so we got to
Loblaws in this big cage is literally
blocking up let me submerge my camera
the whole cage is blocking the frigging
whole parking lot so now we have to park
really far away which is wack diet wolfy
still still alive is that up there
hopefully no robber takes that because
it sounds important to me
look at these sausages go and shout out
to the wolf fam that I ran into I ran
into a bunch of guys that watch my
videos outside mob also shout out to him
at tuba 284 for these these sausages try
our fresh store made sausages 280 but
why is this one 570 bringing their
rhythm and the beast thing I'm gonna get
these sausages what the fuck is this
this goes by the name of a pork sausage
apparently some kid was the kid here it
is squished at all this one does not fit
in
- that she's jamming copping one spin
kaylynn garlic pork sausage
whoa kale that's healthy I'll get this
look at the aisle I would be loving
right now if I wasn't on my diet but you
know it's good to have a few because
like I said got a cheat every so often
just don't have a full bag miss Vicky's
are always probably my go-to chip the
salt and vinegar or the jalapeno or this
one even ultras are blessed on this
David if you're watching this vlog look
at these new ruffles sour cream and
sriracha if you're a sriracha guard
you'll come here tomorrow cop them and
put me on your snapchat story look at
this magazine I just found this guy
Johnny Depp he's trying to be a Sauvage
probably like Sauvage or something but
looks like Savage so I thought I'd read
you Cleo
hey Cleo hey Lionel let me pet your
belly these cats are like dogs they just
put their leg oh and let me rub their
belly these are my mini savages right
here right Cleo there are mini savage
all right since I didn't do much today
I'm gonna open up some fan mail but I
meant to open the other day but I didn't
have time to do it so that's what I'm
gonna do now
this one says more wolfy and it says
open up on the video Oh money I got
money
this one's from sherry from California
so basically on the front it shouts out
everyone auntie my boy except I don't
think I see myself and then it says turn
the page and on the back it says for
Wolfie okay congratulations you played
yourself oh geez that she also sent a
card that says please sign and send back
so I can put it on the wall of sine
dollars so I'm supposed to sign this
dollar I will save this and bring it to
the boys house and all of Alba will sign
this and we will get it back to you for
sure thank you very much
what do we got here dear Wolfie it's a
seven-year-old Janey
from New Jersey USA shout out to the
seven-year-old watching my video I swear
a lot but as if you watch me that's
hilarious
and you're writing me a letter to this
that's blessed this is your first fan
mail and you're sending it to me thank
you again
I cuss but only a little shut up -
Wolfie DJ and the rest of the group I
have been a subscriber since around 6 on
your case subs maybe less
seven-year-olds out here writing a fan
mail and some people can't even get a
text back
that should be a fuckin new meme
seven-year-olds out here writing Whoopi
fan mail and I can't even get a text
back thank you
this is amazing the next one is from
Alexis from Richmond Missouri so shout
it to you Alexis I've been watching for
two years now and I love that you care
about your fans the wolf family I love
the wolf em you already know you really
make me smile and here lately nobody has
been able to make me smile I just want
to say thank you for being you and
please never stop doing YouTube Lexie I
fucking love you I just made me grind
five billion times harder so I've got
you I'm not gonna let you down the last
one of the day basically on the friend
it says team elbow but in brackets it
says mostly wolfy so I'm gonna open this
one because you know I happened to be
fucking king Wolfie hey guys my name is
Ciara and I'm from Southern California I
recently turned fourteen I have just
found team elbow after watching the
first wolfy raps video featuring
t-mobile
I subscribed I watched more and more
videos from everybody and I even picked
up habits like saying let's go and I'm
cheese yo just quickly before I keep
reading just comment down below if you
say anything that like I say or any
other guys in team I will say I want to
know cuz I've gotten a lot of tweets of
people saying yo I say I'm cheesed all
the time now so like comment down below
if you say different things that we say
and like what what are they what do you
say you say I'm cheese let's go
you so leave that in the comments below
I want to know like what the most
popular phrase is also Ciara sent a meme
of David and Sean on this page that's
hilarious I am I'm legit cheese baby
Sierra yeah guys that basically wraps it
up for today's fan mail opening its
legit 1:00 in the morning and I still
haven't done my work hard I just
finished eating not too long ago but
that's gonna be it for the vlog today I
hope you guys enjoyed if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up let's
see if we can hit 8000 thumbs up Wolfen
we've been killing it lately on the main
channel and on more wolfie so go down
and hit that like button and if you guys
made it this far in today's vlog I want
you guys to leave in the comments
welcome to the family king wolf because
that is the official name of my car now
to leave that in the comments down below
and again I hope you guys enjoy the vlog
I will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more
was in my main channel and as always
yeah
