hey what's gonna do boy wolfy right now
I'm driving the car it's early in the
morning I didn't get much sleep but I'm
driving Silvia person from the video
right now I'm driving Silvia to the bus
stop because she's going home for a few
days so I won't see this girl so you
know your boy is gonna be crying himself
to sleep every night but we have 10
minutes to make it to the bus stop
traffic is not bad right now I think
we're gonna make it if we don't oh my
god what the that's a spider holy
 why is there a spider
dripping down from my ceiling there was
anyways yeah we have 10 minutes to get
to the bus stop
and if we don't make it then I guess
Silvia can't go oh my god if you make me
late for this bus so we have eight
minutes guys we made it to the bus stop
on time we got like five minutes left
unpacking Silvia stuff here because I'm
a gentleman here today you're gonna miss
the bus
all right and just like that so he's
gone now we party no I'm joking
turn up let's see if we got any Pokemon
around the bus stop okay we got a Zubat
around the area drowsy but they're on me
okay bless bless I am happy I came here
boom yeah Marek jazzy so I'm back home
now me and DJ are trying to go pokemon
hunting for the date but the thing is
like I've already wasted so much gas
pokemon hunting and I'm not trying to
drive because when you see a dope
Pokemon and you're like on a main road
you can't just pull over on the main
road and let's hear a savage like I
might have done that once or twice but
then because I'm driving DJ has to sit
in the passenger seat and use my phone
and dual wield these phones to catch
these Pokemon so it's just like it's
kind of annoying so we're looking for
bikes right now Bongo says he knows a
guy that sells bikes so I honestly might
go to this guy's house and just cop a
really cheap bike not just for Pokemon
Yolo cave mainly for Pokemon go also
just because I want a bite to have this
summer because I want to bike around
because you know diet wolfy but yeah
we're looking for bikes right now and
then me DJ and David are going on the
hunt I think so it turns out David has
an extra bike for me and Shaun and DJ
two bikes at Shawn's house so four of us
are gonna pick up bikes I don't know
what dad's doing I think dad might be
coming but we are literally gonna go
biking for these Pokemon you're right
now your boy is literally biking on
David's a little little bike and we're
playing Pokemon go but the game has
froze like 30 times
look how hunched my back is trying to
ride this bike if you guys saw what I
look like on the outside
 so we're gonna attempt to play for
10 more minutes and then if the game
keeps freezing and I think we're gonna
film something else instead because this
is pissing me off
Nintendo Man unfreeze your game I
you not on Pokemon go hunting on a bike
David put me on his small bike
and my like look how small the seat is
my ass is burning
I'm literally way too big for this bike
my feet easily touched the ground but
 that's what it takes to be the
Pokemon master bro I'm trying to be the
greatest this Pidgeotto has been three
footsteps away for the longest time man
like so he gave up on Pokemon hunting
because the game crashed like 500 times
a minute but me and David decided we're
gonna do a film day instead so
we're gonna go pick up some supplies for
his video I also have a really cool idea
that I want to test out on my channel so
I think that's the plan now by the way
dear Nintendo please stop making your
game Eggman I'm just trying to play
pokemon with my friends I even got a
break like why all right guys time for
the mission of the day I'm going into
Walmart and I'm gonna try and find a
thermometer without asking a Walmart
employee for help you guys know I feel
about that it's not that I don't like
asking people for help like I'll ask for
help if I need it but it's just like
every time I've asked a Walmart person
like to help me they've always pointed
me either in the wrong direction though
they have no clue what's going on so me
and David are about to have to figure
this out on my own
let's see if we can do it this time
without having to call my mom I mean how
hard could it be alright first things
first I need water I can't up with
water so I'm already in the water I'll
grab it right here good okay easier I
hate next is the thermometer diet wolfy
is busting a nut right now look at this
cinnamon dusted praline almonds coated
in chocolate milk oh my god
that's delicious so I didn't
find the thermometer but I found this so
sriracha Dave would be proud of me there
here you go oh I got you roe so actually
there's a lot where we can get the whole
story okay let's get the whole story
what are these pizza Ritz crackers I
know these peanut butter and the cheese
are the classic but these pizza you have
comment down below if you want me to
muck these I might mock them
I am on a diet but videos are an
exception guys please comment down below
for you to try junk food so I can eat
them please so I ended up getting a car
because I'm lazy as but right now
I'm headed towards the garden section I
don't know what section it would be in
but that's my first stop and then if
it's not here hopefully it's in the back
of the store so I'm gonna start off at
the garden section let's see what we got
so right now we are going down the
gardening aisles I'm seeing shovels and
pitchforks and kit I'm still not seeing
it I'm still not seeing to be honest
they might be over there by the other
tires I'm thinking they're by the tires
at this point like where I got my car
freshener and all that
so let's go these are tires not those
tires cleaning supplies holds up so I
ended up asking an employee and we found
them by accident you win this island
found them she hasn't even worked in
this in this aisle but you know we got
options hand carved thermometer we got
this one this one this one I need one
that fits inside of my freezer or not
fits inside of my freezer but will not
like break or anything inside my freezer
something that can be in there oh
thermostat something that can be in
there and like just work I guess so
indoor indoor outdoor I think I might
just go with one of these old-school
ghetto ones or this one's pretty nice
actually
throw this in the freezer this might be
the one so I just went to Wendy's real
quick and grab this salad it's a spicy
chicken Caesar salad they're
delicious and that might have been the
fastest service I've ever got at any
fast food place like literally before I
was out the window that goes like hi may
I take your order I ordered it and
before I even got to the second window
the guy had his hand out the window
ready to hand off the salad to me so
that was
shoutout to wendy's for your quick
customer service like you guys you guys
are late dish we back up in this bitch
i'm bout to film and then i'm gonna do
my video after David's video so we're
gonna bang these out as quick as
possible
so we have free time at the end of the
day because everybody wants free time
like that okay let's do this by the way
guys I got sunflower tea
cuz diet wolfy is real I know that
roasted and salted I'm not supposed to
do that but they're just somebody snack
on like in the mean time so I don't
snack on chocolate bars or chips because
God do it you know why are you putting
me on blast well they're gonna see the
video I just lost three large French
fries
so why you guys see the sizes anyways
yeah me me and David are eating fries
for his channel I'm not gonna eat mini a
lot it was his idea its national french
fried it it's not so funny actually
well one day they're seeing it today one
day is national French right a name it
today which is 12 nigga it's you I guys
so we're halfway down my video and this
already looks like up water bottles were
murdered everywhere I don't even know
what to say
filming with this guy he's a troll you'd
like oh wow it's actually yeah see this
is what happens and this is what happens
water all over the floor but don't worry
we're cleaning it up we got dinner right
here stir fry I just finished filming my
video for my main channel and it was a
huge success surprisingly but you know
your boy wolf is a scientist so now it's
like a little family dinner my mom
sister my my brother here Dustin and my
dad dad say what up so I'm home right
now it is 10:15 at night who's playing
this like who is it a wolf your
apps would do that that's that's so dumb
that that's so wack anyways all the boys
went out Pokemon hunting and I'm
Pokemon doubt to be honest because the
game just glitches too much and I don't
feel like walking right now so I'm gonna
do a workout instead I gotta get the
workout out of the way today I just
dropped a video on more wolfy and I'm
feeling kind of nice so yeah I'm gonna
bang out a workout but there's so much
 going down on YouTube like I have
not just sat down and watched YouTube
videos for like a few days now because
I've been editing and all that stuff so
I need to catch up on just watching
YouTube so I feel like as soon as I'm
done my workout I think I'm just gonna
sit down and watch YouTube so yeah is
not here because you
home right now so that means I get to
stay up to my late hours and just watch
YouTube as loud as I want because Sylvia
you can't you can't complain about how
loud I'm playing my I don't wear my
headphones right now I'm just getting
back alright so you guys know what time
it is it is time to put another little
red X on the board just for a majority
of the day I ate no I did eat healthy
today and I just did a little workout so
that means one off day on the 10th other
than that I've worked out every single
day but I think I'm just gonna watch
some YouTube for the rest of the night
like I said I haven't watched much
YouTube in a while so if you guys
enjoyed the vlog make sure to give it a
big thumbs up let's see if we can hit a
K on this one I know he's been getting
7.5 K but I think we're a level up where
we can hit a K we've been doing it
anyways so smash that like button right
now and if you guys made it this far in
the vlog I want you guys to leave in the
comments below comment what up Dustin
just so Dustin can see some common love
because you guys know who he is on the
main channel this might be no no I like
that you've probably been yeah he's
probably been in some of our videos yeah
he's been in he's been in the background
of the video so you guys know interested
shut up - Dustin so comment what up
Dustin if you made it this far just so
that we know you made it this far in the
vlog and that's it for today's video I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
than my main channel and as always know
