hey you're whisking to werewolf V
welcome back to more wolfy we are
starting the day off fucking right look
at this I got my massive smoothie right
here that I just made and I just
finished a really hard workout I'm
sweating so that means I get to cross
off another X on my calendar boom my
hands are always shaking after my
workouts but I got another X only one
off day so far I have even healthy every
single day so far so we are on a good
pace to get B's by the end of the summer
hopefully yeah I'm about to pick up
something from Walmart for a video and
then after that I think I'm going
Pokemon hunting for at least a couple
hours me and the boys found this really
dope spot that had like literally poka
spots on every single corner last night
if you guys saw my welcome yesterday
last night we ended off we all caught a
hit no I think one of us might not have
caught the hit no because the game if
you guys have the game I don't know if
it freezes for you guys but it always
freezes so I think it was Bongo that
caught the hypno and then the game
completely froze we waited it out it
didn't unfreeze so he had to give up on
the hit nope but because that hypno is
such a bitch for me he literally made me
waste like 25 pokeballs so I'm almost
out of pokeballs so I think me and the
boys are gonna head to where all the
Polka stops were so I can load up on
some pokeballs and then we're gonna see
what pokemon we can catch today today
instead of my flip-flops I'm wearing my
shoes because honestly I think if I was
wearing these shoes yesterday I would
have caught an electro it got away it
was too quick and I couldn't chase it
with my sandals so not my shoes on today
okay guys so I'm in the whip right now
picking up the squad jabs coming here
David's filming right now I think we're
all filming a pokemon gold video today
so let's catch these random situation yo
I'm vlogging bro sorry only room for one
shut the fuck up so across this bridge
over here is where apparently there's a
shitload of poker stops it's a little
bit of a walk but this you know this is
cardio diet Wolfie is in full effect got
diet Dave out today just the squads here
I don't know where DJ is but I just used
my last pokeball on a fucking magic herb
for some reason the easiest Pokemon are
the hardest to catch for me now like it
makes no sense so I'm out of pokeballs
right now I have to get these poker
stops otherwise I'm fucked
you know pokemons real when we're
crossing bridges just to go over there
to catch pokemon I might swim across you
if there was a magic herb in here I
would probably I would probably swim
actually not Magikarp fucking Gyarados
for sure though we've been walking for
around 10 minutes now my app keeps
freezing like oh that's another spoke a
stop let me get these what do we got
three pre pokeballs not bad okay I'm
collecting anyways like I was saying my
app keeps freezing and I'm just like
it's killing my whole vibe too right now
I just want to catch these damn Pokemon
okay hey look around 1 one more time let
me cry my person
Kent yeah what song oh Jesus
we ran into some trainers he's got level
of thousands level 21 American ACS how
did you get to the how does your app
freeze ever I think this is your
application freeze come on freeze all of
that oh well yeah actually yeah yeah it
does pretty buggy yeah ya know when you
get alright enough you're good pokemon
all day you get hungry bro you gotta
focus guys a salami sandwich bro it's
cheese in Genoa these it's not
mortadella or prosciutto yeah well tack
what's on that is there at Manny's on
that yeah okay it don't man you don't
like mayonnaise
we've got just how to bite of the
sandwich tell him how it was Charlie job
just gave me a bite of sandwich it was
pretty good Chef John it was pretty
obvious how good it was
I'm just trying to make him feel better
that Pokemon goes dust yeah Pokemon goes
down with at all
we're taking a break diet Dave show us
what you wanna know you guys hate
transform
Shawn your phones right here where are
you saying guy thinks he lost his phone
it's been over 10 minutes at least oh
fucking cheese he's like I lost my phone
yo Shawn Grisi bro we gotta go
oh fuck you fuck your phone yo song go
over here Road Shawn we got to go take
you fuck your phone he's on the guy he's
on the ground he's cheese
I got the move okay good girl look at
taller guy hits we got the bolts are
filling up water water it is the coolest
water in the game okay guys so we just
got to the mall a bunch of the boys are
buying cases so that their battery lasts
longer so that they can Pokemon harder
I'm looking for a garbage because
somebody left an energy drink in the car
and it is I try to save it it's fucking
disgusting when it's warm surprisingly
actually not that surprisingly but uh I
just caught a hitmonchan so today's good
so right now jad is in the Apple store
he's getting his phone replaced Shaun
just bought a case cuz he ran out of
battery but I'm at green rebel at Reeder
center and I just caught the chicken
Caesar salad and ice instead of like the
lettuce I got kale lettuce arugula like
just a bunch of the green so this place
is really good they even put like eggs
and bread in your salad like it's a
blessed spot so we want to get a full
meal here his diet wolfies real Wow you
guys want to be on the vlog hey what's
good bro fairly nice to meet you Pete
it's good bro we got some fancy guys
without any when I was - shut up javis
right there man in general eggs crumbles
bread not a bad shake like he's saying
let us everything so we're in Rito
Center now I just found a squirtle even
though I have one and then Poliwrath I
think we are still hunting the guys are
chillin right there they're throwing
pokeballs I thought we were done when we
came in here but
not I'm on this world oh there it is I
got the squirt oh what's going on some
guys breakdancing downstairs what is
going on oh they're filming for a bit
hey let's go so guys we got a Poliwrath
coming up I'm about to my first fan
meetup everyone is waiting for me down
there it's actually packed so I'm pretty
stoked about this thank you for coming
Oh fam oh yeah dad wants us to come but
we found a Poliwhirl and we're getting
closer sorry really
you know how this road downtown everyone
is playing so I literally lost all my
friends they were all looking for the
Poliwhirl but I split off and went a
different way caught an abra and I also
caught a Clefairy and there's still a
cube oh and I don't have that so dad's
waiting hit the car right now and then
went back to the Apple Store for Wi-Fi
apparently everyone is split up and we
don't know what we're doing cuz we're
all trying to catch pokemon like
individually by it I'm home guys you
have no idea how happy I am to be home
we have literally been Pokemon hunting
from 12 I think 12 or 12 30 or something
and it is 7 p.m. but look I came home I
bought these energy drinks I wasn't
trying to drink energy drinks but I'm
exhausted now I came home to nice pastel
with some whole wheat noodles and some
Brussels sprouts in there so I'm and I
have not eaten much today other than the
salad thomna mirko's and then start
editing his Pokemon go video who else
later
so it's 2:30 in the morning I know I
skipped a lot of the night time but I
was busy editing I edited the Pokemon
video and then I edited a vlog for more
Wolfie so I literally just uploaded the
vlog not too long ago I haven't eaten
since dinner which I ate the pasta so
I'm looking for like a midnight snack I
guess you'd call like a midnight snack
but it's not like a midnight snack
it's a 2:30 a.m. snack I want to eat the
hummus I have before it goes bad so I
want crackers and hummus or something
but I don't think we have any crackers
we just have this the heater that's
leftover so I think I'm going to dip
that in my hummus and then if we have
some mini cucumbers leftover I will eat
those with Thomas I don't think we have
many cucumbers now we have them the
other day I think someone else destroyed
them all Oh too many cucumbers black oh
three many cucumbers all eat them all so
I got a fajita 3 mini cucumbers what
hit that like button right now if this
is all the fucking time I literally do
this like five to six times a day like
look at my cupboards close my cupboards
look at my fridge nothing's in my fridge
that I want close my fridge two minutes
later you do the same thing rinse and
repeat and repeat and repeat hoping that
you're gonna find something and then you
never find something whoa whoa whoa
who's in the ice-cream sandwiches the
amount of disrespect these people will
know that Wolfie is on a diet right now
like I'm cheese how am I supposed to be
on a diet when we got ice cream
sandwiches in this bitch is there
anything in this cupboard that I could
eat these kamut cups
I don't know if you guys rate these
these are pretty healthy for you they
just taste like I don't even taste like
anything to be honest with their food
they slightly fill you up I guess be
honest I might have an apple too
I think I'm gonna have an apple or a
pear okay just an apple cuz that's all
we have so I will grab ah you know what
I read this Apple and I might grab
another little piece of bread two
different how much I think I'm gonna do
that cuz I want some and I'll have some
nuts
some cashews or mixed nuts unsalted of
course because you know oh he's on a
diet but yeah I think that's it it's
pretty damn late it's really damn late
everyone in the house is fast asleep
they've been asleep forever so he is
going to bed right now I have to drive
her to the bus station in the morning
she's going back home for a few days so
I have to take her there in the morning
so I'm not trying to go to bed too much
later I'm not that tired cuz my sleep
schedule is a little fucked up right now
it's it's always fucked up but other
than my sleep schedule your boy is
eating healthy and doing everything
right right now I'm even dropping a lot
of Bangor video I thought I just saw
something I just tripped over but that
is it for today's video on more Wolfie I
hope you guys enjoyed if you did make
sure to hit that like button let's get
it to 7.5 k mother fucking likes because
more wolfy fam is just as lit as the
original wolf fam and if you guys made
it this far in today's vlog I want you
guys to comment down below I only fuck
with premium quality nuts that's
definitely gonna be weird as fuck to
comment but I want you guys to comment I
only fuck with premium Carly that's
because you know Wolfie only fucks the
premium quality nuts pause but again I
hope you guys enjoyed the video and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always that Oh
