good morning what's good as your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy today
we are doing a full team album film day
we have not done one of these in a while
so right now I'm picking up jad we're
about to go get coffee a quick little
snack and then we're gonna start filming
but I'm waiting for dad right now he's
still not coming outside but he just
texted me saying there's a pidgeotto
outside so you know your boy wolfies
about to look for this Pidgeotto but my
game keeps fucking up so just gotta wait
for it to load and then i'm about to
catch this Pidgeotto before we go and if
ja doesn't come out in like three
minutes I'm literally about to just do
laughs and like hope to god I find
anything all right guys
they are picking up supplies with me and
DJ got a Pokemon with you we are on the
hunt in this parking lot that's supposed
to be bare piggies and stuff so on the
way to Metro we're gonna see how many
Pokemon that we can catch I don't have
any of my map right now but Wolfie
sartorius is on the ground behind the
scenes album I don't know what these men
are literally hitting his ball
everywhere
Jazz's Turner film will do a nice deep
sea snake on nutmeg this month behind
the scenes sort of looks like a lot of
screwing around but then we get the job
done you know there's always one
whoever's filming they're the one say
you're the one setting up and everyone
else is doing this look it goes Oh
these guys lost the supplies for the
road already guys check it out by the
way diet wolf is alive salad it's all we
eat here bull shooting camera lights me
with my salad dire wolf you know about
to shoot a first video of the day let's
do it guys Mini Putt looking ass alright
guys so we just finished wrapping up
Chad's episode a minute to minute it was
a good series
everyone comment on Jed's new video that
he cheated cuz he made me play with
Silvia I had to go in the girl now play
this guy so leave a comment on Jack's
channel chat with EJ Smith and now we're
about to film who who are we filming
next David's video and then Shawn's
video time video say something guys
we're about to film Shawn's video now
he's setting everything up Mia had a DJ
were just out Pokemon hunting and we
were out doing something productive and
DJ might have caught me Pokemon so I
want to know what is if you guys play
pokemon go because i know like the world
is playing it right now comment down
below what is the best pokemon you have
and what it's CP level is because right
now mine's ass I have a pidgeotto like
level 121 or 120 or something but
comment yours down below because I'm
sure you guys are making me I don't play
much I'm picking a team right now guys
picking a team oh well I pick team
mystic team mystic I did go a squirrel I
just looked online I was like the first
thing I was like what is the best team
team mister got the best votes oh really
yeah well out are like 90 thousand votes
bro and I just like you know what I'll
load those votes alright I did go blue
who Articuno looking it is Articuno and
Moltres and Zapdos
rose Aptos is nice laughs oh jeez those
motors
Articuno is like the last one I would
always pick in Pokemon you know I'm
gonna go with the Moltres
I wanna go straighter welcome to team
red foul I'm cheese okay me and dad are
on different teams
this is just for that jammer I don't
even know how it works I owe this CP oh
he's got a Beedrill Beedrill gold oh
yeah that's who's owning the gym right
now oh you see what they have from here
you can see who's dominant in gym let's
see this general came back oh man Amar's
level 448 not bad roll Pidgeot Pidgeot
502 anything else
oh nice slow roll 750 8 G's yo you got
some people be playing this game a
little compared oh no we will get I
think we have to pay for the game bro I
was about to drop 150 beans on like the
maximum coins imagine that I'll give the
whole squad eggs yet but ok guys so for
this video we're getting eggs murky on
our heads
so basically me and Dave are gonna be
having garbage bags because we're not
trying to get too messy
alright guys I'm in my little costume
for the video I'm ready where you put it
Oh how much do you like your backless me
right this isn't City kit
so why would you ask why does David have
my camera
this guy's blogging me through snake
look at your boy your boy is garbage bag
down easy season 9 okay guys video and
we're all messy as fuck so we're gonna
hose off now but like covered in egg the
garbage bag is shit all even though jad
didn't really laugh too much
I still got smash look at me this guy
got ya Shaun's worked Shaun's Merc so I
left the entire time I don't think I
stopped you boy is starving I'm gonna go
downstairs see if there's any food
because I'm gonna try and eat some food
and then work out so is there any food
salad and salmon jeez is there extra
where's this at where's the salmon what
do we got I will gladly eat that I'm
glad to eat that get some new cutlery
out oh it's so clean in here these days
I wonder who to thank for that
salmon
Sam in here now these apples bless you
this Apple is blessed apple apple
smoothie salmon and lots of water that's
what we're doing I have a serious
question to ask you will you go Pokemon
hunting with me later
sylia thinks my accounts her account and
she thinks just because she caught a few
Pokemon there my account is her account
she called a star you first you gotta
sign up yeah my cut
I caught fucking now wasn't named
squirtle today but to Levin off to
Wartortle and then blast Elyse I'm on
right now waiting for some Pokemon to
come by my house wolfy Sartorius is
alive and well you think I was fuckin
with you guys when I said that name nah
there is a Magikarp and a side duck
around my house so I'm reading through
Sylvia's YouTube comments cuz you know
I'm an overprotective boyfriend no I was
just reading to them and I see this one
someone commented that they're early to
the video and that she will get a puppy
they can feel it and so he's like we can
hope let's keep harassing Charlie until
he lives in are you done yeah let me
know you're not getting it
stop asking you feel puppy we're getting
a puppy
very birthday I gave you pump on your
birthday guys she doesn't believe me
I get it I'll get it for you and then
you'll see you don't get to pick out
your puppy that defeats the surprise are
you gonna turn to the camera no look at
me you don't get to pick your puppy I
get to fake it no it's name is wolfy jr.
that's the only way
we'll see jr. but we have to pick it
together it's gonna be our child ah
anything no yeah it's not a child
because you can pick it okay fine you
can choose it sorry
hey guys so it's late at night but I'm
with the squad I got Johnny Sean and DJ
and you already know we are Pokemon
hunting I have my car we got a phone
charger just in case your phone dies but
no I'm gonna go pick up McDonald's for
Sylvia but like I might as well go see
if there's Pokemon over there too so
let's see what we can get tonight these
man say they found a drowsy I just got a
Weedle I don't want this I need a drowsy
I do not have it what we're getting mad
close your fucking hunting Luongo is
driving us now so I can hunt and and
walk at the same time or and use my
screen at the same time
DJ is hunting bro how many footsteps DJ
one oh we're getting close
yeah I want that gas leak yeah we saw a
gas libro fuck I need a ghastly one for
year two phones here three point four
point five pays back that way he's back
you just found a big I found ok guys I
only see ghastly bro choo choo choo boy
1 keep going straight oh yeah we need ya
gotta go straight on our bus the left
right oh yeah yeah let's go into this
parking lot figure it out - my knees are
going with my knees
newsboys because like it's too hard when
it's like actually you're flying we
won't be able to catch him on foot
yeah you will well that's the only way I
honestly think yeah partly
so we're going down to the water to see
if there's any new water pokemon there
because we're there's only pidgeys
sparrows and shit like that in my
neighborhood so we're testing out the
walk so it's one o'clock in the morning
and we are out of park we just ran into
a couple that told us there was a magmar
here which is funny because like the
four people that we've seen so far at
this park or even just around this
neighborhood we just talked to them
about Pokemon and they're playing all of
them said the magmar is close to here so
we got DJ jad and sean up there
bongos over there we're spreading out in
order to maximize how much pokemon we're
gonna catch and we're gonna find this
magmar hopefully I just caught a fucking
hip note but I don't think I'm gonna
sleep much tonight because I'm trying to
get all of these Pokemon right now okay
we're at Carleton University literally
sprinting we just found like a group of
like ten tango hip Bros one he's won
he's won he's won he's won we're looking
for hip Nova we found a bunch of guys at
incense you found him stop yo no hip no
bro I'm trained discreet great I got a
great throw I got a I got a great throw
great throw yeah girl he's here no we
got out come on come on bro how many
pokeballs does it take to get this guy
yeah oh oh my bro Chuck sixty pokeballs
and please don't freeze alone come on
come on don't freeze was that a great oh
how many please please please please
that's good that's good that's good for
what yo where you going where you going
shake it bro he's not catchable neither
great I need great ball I don't hold I
don't have great balls yeah when it's
smaller I don't think I'm catching him
come on DJ's got him I ate that looks
good that looks good that animation was
good fana meal bro well let me say here
dad
this guy's a punk I might have to just
hold great my phones at 1%
it might die my phone might die on come
on come on oh my god it was great the
guys putting his case on it was a real
MVP each human nice bro how am I I need
to buy pokeballs come on
you can not yet do you mean oh that's
good you got
let's go let's go well that was the 405
bro
girl we need to a polka sauce we need
poker balls immediately yeah that's it a
smoky sauce literally Toki stops that
was too intense
okay guys it is 2:30 a.m. it's early as
fuck in the morning but I finally got
done Pokemon hunting with the boys for
the night crazy experience I'm out of
pokeballs basically I have like two
because I wasted like 25 to catch the
hypno but right now I'm snacking on some
hummus and I'm about to go to bed but I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up let's see if we can hit 7.5 K
likes on this video and also a big
shout-out to you for making it this far
in the vlog if you made it this far in
the vlog I want you guys to comment
comment this is only the beginning
because as you guys can see the diet is
only the beginning we're on really good
pace I've eaten healthy every single day
so far and I've worked out almost every
single day so everything is working out
as planned but I'm gonna go to bed again
I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
than my main channel and as always
