hey you're what's gonna boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy today we got
a busy day it's early in the
morning right now I'm headed off to
David's house we're gonna go film two
back-to-back banger videos usually when
me and David film we can crank out these
videos in like a few hours just filming
them and then I think we're gonna edit
for the rest of the day a quick shout
out to my boy David I'm pretty sure this
guy made the trending page like people
were sending him pics that he was on the
trending page of YouTube like that's the
page when basically with the little fire
emoji it's the trending videos like it's
a pretty big deal so this guy's
channel is on fire literally and
figuratively I guess if you want to
count that little emoji as fire right
now so me and him are like stoked to
film that motivated me so we're both
gonna bang out some nice videos for you
guys and you guys will see them soon all
right guys so we just wrapped up filming
David's video basically you guys will
see on his channel it was pretty fun to
do but my hands are disgusting I took an
L on my shirt David took an L on his
shirt we didn't bring enough cleaning
supplies to clean up everything so we
cleaned up all the garbage and stuff but
like our hands and everything we didn't
bring enough water paper towels to do
that so everything looks spotless except
for our bodies
I have slime and everything on me Dave
is just walking off because like
everything wasn't going as smooth as we
thought it was gonna be it was actually
hard but we got it we got it but uh now
we're just at the park heading to go
shoot one of my videos but hopefully
mine goes a little bit better look at my
hands they have so much slime on them
right now it's disgusting
and that's after washing everything I
could off so guys me and Sylvia are
making these cookies over here for my
video I'm doing the DIY cookie shot
video but basically I thought I filled
up these cookies to the very bottom but
if you actually look here you would have
seen there was mad air bubbles so Sylvia
told me that and initially I didn't put
cookie on the top cuz I thought I was
supposed to be like this but if it was
like that it would have just been this
massive like cone cylinder thing that
would not have been a cookie it would
have been the biggest fail ever so shout
out to Sylvia for being here and helping
me out girls know how to bake she's
better than me though so we got all of
my supplies here we're almost done
filming I'm just gonna shove them into
the fridge and then put them into the
oven after they need to be in the fridge
because it allows them to like mold
their shape but you guys will see all
this
I mean Jenna yeah following a video with
Silvia right now and then after I'm
gonna help her film a nice video for her
channel as well car then alright i'll
then kitchen is looking spick-and-span
after my filming session and you know
coulda gotten better paragon worse let's
just say Wolfie tried his best
what do you think cilia on a scale of
one to ten how successful seven yeah
alright we'll go with a need actually
round up so uh now we are gonna film a
video for Sylvia's channel or she's
gonna film a video
technically I'm gonna film it so we need
to find the nearest park and go there
shout out to my two homies they brought
me another chocolate bar do you guys
want to show that anyone hey you want to
show anyone yo thank you for the
chocolate bar I appreciate it you guys
are the true Ottawa wolf family you guys
know what it is watching Portugal vs.
France gotta see the end of this soccer
game and this is a big game Ronaldo is
out of the game but we're praying I want
Portugal to win because I know I'm a
bandwagon man but we're in all
doors oh and that sucks the score is
zero zero right now and it's 55 minutes
in the game mom who are you going for in
the soccer game Israel or India India
who do you like on India
the blue guy there which one
who the guy that has the ball right now
what's his name are you going for demar
derozan or who are you going for demar
derozan you want him to win you know a
position he plays he plays goalie you
should know that
so Silvia is getting her stuff for her
video right now we're about to shoot
give you a little bit of an inside look
on behind the scenes of bases video
soccer game still on it is over time is
it overtime
yeah it's overtime right now mom how's
your star player doing tomorrow isn't
he's still doing it so right now we're
heading to the park green borough
community center that's where I played
basketball a few vlogs ago we're gonna
shoot a scene for Sylvia's video in this
park so we need to be in an open field
so we're looking for like a nice nice
scenery for an open field scene you guys
know we're in the hood as you can see we
got the Ottawa police sign right here
neighborhood watch you see these houses
these houses are on the lookout 24/7 so
you know Wolfie lives in the hood this
ain't some suburban looking ass
this is the deep the deep hood the D put
see these trees these aren't typical
trees okay these trees are in gangs that
tree over there throwing up gang signs
can you see it that one right there
whose dog is this that's what I
want to know clean your dog's up if
I ever get a puppy which Silvia wants me
to get I'm cleaning my dog's poop up
with like $20 bags okay royalty I'm
treating my dog like royalty I dropped
my phone for the 20th time he's still
good no case so V just finished her
workout at the park she's beast she's
motivating me to get in shape even
though she's eating all the chocolate
bars that I'm being brought but yeah
we're feeling nice I haven't eaten today
because I was filming my video in the
morning so I think I'm gonna go grab
some food honestly I was supposed to
edit for you guys today but I was just
watching the soccer game things got
caught up so I think I'm gonna have to
drop the video tomorrow but you guys
it took way longer
seriously I'm not the best chef in the
world but Sylvia helped me get through
it and it's still I just I don't even
want to talk about it to be honest so
Sylvia decided she's gonna do some
karate kid' move she's gonna stand on
top of this pole after she just worked
out just bull for this one this one yeah
you can climb on me to get up here climb
on me to get up trust me it over
oh wow your knees stronger than I
thought don't fall
what do you stand up stand up
yeah you said you're gonna stand up 3 2
now do the karate kid one of those now
you got this come on this one
now now jump off and do a kick right
it's not that high come on jump the
other one's crooked there god I'm
screwed
I was telling you to do one of these
yeah I did it in flip-flops easy
so me and Silvia just finished picking
up some supplies for her video right and
this little thing right here some glue
some activated charcoal which took just
a little bit of time to find what we
found it right now it's like 7:00 p.m.
and I'm at burrito gringo you guys know
I love to eat at the gringo have not
eaten it in a minute but uh I'm going to
muck a burrito there's not that much
food in my house and this is like the
healthiest option you can have when it
comes to I guess fast food in my opinion
I chose this over subway because it's
fresh cooking to cook it all in front of
your face and this is like gonna be one
of the only meals I eat today other than
my smoothie and water basically maybe
I'll have an apple later but right now
I'm gonna murk a burrito do you not like
Sophia doesn't like burritos but
Sophia's gonna try her quesadilla
because last time she went to burrito
gringo they gave her a neighbor hot
peppers on it and then that ruined her
burrito like thing forever so now every
time I go there she never gets them but
this could be the moment of truth and
guys I decided I'm not working out today
because look at that it's been five days
in a row I deserve an off day so I'm
gonna take this as an off day and then
get back into a probably four to five
days that's what having a calendar helps
for because you know when you're off
days are and you need breaks so I'm
gonna write down a no X's and O's Oh an
orange is the off day yeah so you have
next-level customer service at burrito
gringo quesadilla look you got to dip it
in the sour cream yeah I asked for Thank
You YZ tell me you like this cuz then
every time I go you can get this boom
come on is it good is it actually good
mmm yes so you like to steak quesadilla
you're gonna finish that if so yeah okay
I don't want me I have Mario but if you
finish that I'll be impressed because
honestly Silvia usually finishes
probably like one of these and then she
gets full so that finishing that that is
saying a lot about foodies so she's
gonna eat that I'm gonna eat my Marie
with my sriracha all right you guys
think this is a game you think pokemon
goes a game let me catch this Vigi right
now I'm in this random ass parking lot I
gotta get this piggy it says
it's right here
so it keeps moving a wild on piggy I
haven't played in a while it's a sparrow
Yeah right
do I get it first catch where'd it go
boom it's wiggling it's wiggling it's
wiggling did we catch the sparrow did we
catch the sparrow
yes we got the sparrow
let's move on catch these next Pokemon
guys just pulled over at the side of the
road we got a wild Eevee on the loose I
 suck at throwing these pokeballs
you come on come on come on Evie come on
one two last shake last shake let's go
easy I got you - who's next do bad you
want some guys look at the guy right
back there riding his bike this nigga is
legit hunting for Pokemon I'm driving
report you just stopped it stopped on
his bike right now I think he's looking
for the pin G that I just caught these
cheese use it all he's biking he wanted
it so fast
alright guys me and so they just got
back from Pokemon hunting I literally
caught like a bunch of I'm already
level five I just got side duck Staryu
and friggin me out so I'm feeling nice
about myself right now I was driving in
Silvia was in the passenger seat just
catching every Pokemon and going to all
the Pokemon stops like as we went by so
that was the best way we figured out to
do it me and so we are probably about to
go pull all nighters and edit our videos
so I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if
you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up let's see if we can hit 7.5 K
on the vlog today I know he can do it
like we've been doing go down and hit
that like button right now and if you
guys made it this far in the vlog I love
you guys you guys are the real MVP wolf
am I want you guys to comment down below
shout out to Nick Jonas I don't know if
this is Nick Jonas I'm pretty yeah that
is Nick Jonas throwback Jonas Brothers
blanket I don't know why this is in my
house but comment down below shout out
to Nick Jonas if you made it this far
today's vlog and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel
and as always
