heyo it's good at your boy Wolfie
welcome back tomorrow Wolfie I'm with
David we are going to Michael's right
now to pick up some crafts and supplies
for one of his videos then we're gonna
go to Walmart for one of my videos but
it's rainy as today as you guys can
see yesterday was absolutely beautiful
the weather in Canada over here in
Ottawa is just bipolar like I don't even
know what to expect
I'm in flip-flops shorts and it's
pouring rain it was just lightning and
thundering lightning is that a word
we're in the section where I need stuff
I need one of these cooking pans like a
muffin one but these are too big too
small
I need deep ones cuz I'm making some
shot glasses but I don't think I'm gonna
find them here yeah I just found shot
glass molds I didn't think they would
sell these but that's for like ice cream
or something I need to put it in the
oven so I can't buy that rubber or it
will melt but that's insane I can see
stops must be some weird where right
there are you surely where does he say
that hey no way why you doing that yes
so my comments haven't seen this is oven
safe yes that's all a con so we might
have just found what we're looking for
off the bat I don't need to buy ones
that are for muffins or anything but I
might cop these for DJ's pancake art
part too
I know he needs them and we might have
thrown them out from the last one so
we'll see you it's pouring outside again
we're gonna run to the car oh I was
lightening grow you have to round I have
to run after lightning no you have to
run out the Lightning because there's
like a two minutes in between each
lightning brown going yo that's Thunder
that's definitely thunder
run their boys in flip-flops holy
it's raining hard so guys I ended up
buying the shot glasses the girl at the
store told me that they were silicone so
they weren't gonna melt or anything in
the oven but I had to check on Google so
I looked up on Google does silicon melt
in the oven and it said their oven
microwave freezer safe so you can wash
them whatever so I'm good now I just got
to go to Walmart and get the cooking
supplies and I should be good but that's
just blessed because I didn't even
expect to go in there and get anything
but turns out I got what exactly what I
needed
guys look how cool this looks on my
sunroof all the little water droplets
it's God bless ya doing time in Walmart
picking up my supplies you know how
there's sometimes free samples
right now there's free samples for fuzzy
peaches and Swedish berries like I've
never had them so I'm gonna grab one
right now cuz diet wolfy I gotta cheat a
bit who comes the fuzzy peaches yeah and
then these are Swedish big okay it's
from - how do ya I think I've had one of
them before boy I got the fuzzy beet
never had this before so you guys saw on
my vlog from the other day there was no
Forks in my house there's never any
force in my house so right now I'm in
the utensils aisle I think I'm gonna get
this full set of forks spoons knives
everything so that we don't run out
because I'm over the and I think we
need to change so let's see how my mom
reacts when I get her this now I'm
looking for glue for David's video they
don't seem to have much glue they have
one of the big ones that we were looking
for but one is not going to do the job
so you might need to go to another
location
see there's something for your mother
knowledge it bought them out of kind
kind heart because the other day I
literally had to eat a salad with a
pitchfork I ate the salad with his
pitchfork and that was when I was like
it's I need this because no one
washes it that's well once they're all
in the dishwasher they're gone yeah and
I'm gonna buy new ones and I move but
those are for you and this house and
those are expensive ones yeah I thought
they were $20 there was 70 I saw that
when I bought them
Hampton Forge no and even has this oh
 yeah I didn't even know that I
think you should keep dispar then and
maybe just cuz this is kind of gross
you're at Loblaws diet wolfy is still
real don't mind these her she drops over
there but my mom wanted me to come to
the grocery store with her but this girl
has literally been like an hour and a
half I'm literally sitting posted up at
this like this camping ground in the
front right by the cash registers just
waiting for her to come she said she was
gonna be ready ten minutes ago but it's
been like 15 minutes so mom where you at
I don't got all day diet wolfies got to
eat my phone just fell did it break
we're good
forget I got left more treats oh my god
your diet wolfy there's not a thing
apparently so this is going over here
Sylvia's gonna eat that later but diet
wolfy ate the salad over there with some
sriracha
no bro did you get rid of my exes you're
a snake I don't even remember anymore
1 2 3 yeah you got rid of them you're
gonna slash your yeah who Gary to
them what who guard my exes why would
you ask me that question bed if what
kids today Friday 100.1 you already give
me yourself it I gave it Friday Thursday
Wednesday there's clearly a red there's
there is only 3x I swear to god I'm
going to go away three axes bro this red
this red mark on the fifth on the fifth
yeah because I remember in my vlog that
I got tic-tac-toe poor yeah today's a
fifty P o box what is this I'm thinking
it's the wrong mailbox cuz this is a
little bit crazy but it's not even
coming out this must be Hey Oh probably
oh stop oh it's your boy see it's your
boy in there
t-mobile oh my god okay guys look at all
the fan mail I share our P o box with
Sean and jad but there's a lot of stuff
I'm seeing for me I think I told you
guys to send me stuff I'm not sure but
this isn't say I was expecting like one
or two things this is insane
this is the thing this is a book goddamn
Thank You wolf AM you guys are the best
ok guys so now I'm gonna unbox some of
your fan mail one of you guys sent me
this huge box ok but you told me you
just put a few little letters in it so
the box is really not anything but I got
a bunch of fan mail time box buddy gonna
do an unboxing they're gonna open it I
get I'm gonna open it for you guys not a
mark
because can't unbox them inside a box
right good one Dave okay guys so we're
starting to open some fan mail here so
the first one is from Anna and she is
from Austin Texas she sent it to me John
and David luckily you got Chad and David
Emma right here her so you said on your
letter open it up in a video so here we
go you better say thanks to Wolfie
because that's how I found your channel
no problem alright Anna says Chad you
look like Slenderman which is also she's
moving to Canada Donald Trump becomes
president hey Leo stairs elbows we will
welcome you that great lady came out to
Canada I want to let you know that your
videos are everything to me I love to
see you in team a bow just acting like
yourselves it shows me that I shouldn't
care what people think hey that's a
weird that's what we're here for that's
know Carol people think so shoutout to
you Anna we love you okay guys so I'm
gonna start doing some of my fan mail
unboxing or opening at my house the
first one has something in it you can
hear that this is that just like that
one of those shakers that you have in
elementary school as an instrument it
doesn't say what's wrong but hopefully
it's in the package David strolling
typical Dave what is this guy say
okay first package what is this Oh a
heart necklace this is swag guys do you
see this look at how clean that
necklace is I'll give this to Silvia
it's not the first thing I see the
necklace is for Sylvia didn't find
anything for you sorry it's all good
shut up to infinity from San Bernardino
I appreciate you thank you for the
necklace okay so the next letter is
coming from Sierra from Amsterdam New
York Sierra gave me a customized YouTube
play button check this out it even says
on the back put a picture here and it
says the date I started YouTube August
11th 23rd I didn't even know that David
Thank You Sierra she also put me in
Sylvia hanging off me look how these
that look in that pic hopefully by the
end of my diet and by the end of my
training I will look at these again the
next one we got is from
been from Beaverton just gonna start off
by saying that you are really big
inspiration to me and have inspired me
to create a YouTube channel and it says
I legit think I found your elementary
school pictures tell me if I'm wrong but
is this them and then look at these
photos
I am GE and he even attached a hair
place to go get my hair line fixed
that's what he says so you know I'll
take you up on that and hopefully they
can fix my hairline alright guys that's
all I'm gonna open today I still have a
shitload of stuff right here here's my
p.o box I'll leave it on the screen for
a bit it's also in the description of
every single one of my videos but yeah
send me stuff cuz I love doing this I
love opening your mail I love seeing
that there's actual humans that are
subscribed to me that you guys are more
than just a person behind the screen so
I love the letters but if you guys want
to send me different stuff as well you
guys don't need to worry I will open it
I don't know when I'll open it but I
will open it so thank you guys
yeah what are you doing David what are
you doing why are you sleeping like that
no it's the main stream okay make sure
you get on the right side I'm on the
right side you have to be ready because
this the street I can't stop on but
which way are you coming from it's busy
with traffic are you coming I'm coming
from not the way to Carlton boy I see
you okay so turn on and see me you see
me all right okay guys so I finished
editing my vlog early I'm picking up
Sylvia right now she's just walking from
the bus stop I'm picking her up from
work but basically because I'm out
already Sylvia has wanted to go to men
cheese if you guys don't know what men
cheese is it's like a frozen yogurt
place where you can like put all these
toppings on your yogurt or ice cream
whatever you want to call it but for
like the past two weeks she's wanted to
go there but every time she can go there
is after work which is too late so now
we actually have time so we're gonna go
to men she's me and BAE we arrived at
men cheese let's get this ice cream
so you start off by grabbing a cup or
you can get a waffle cone cup that's
just the first step
yeah grab one she's getting a waffle
cone Cup she thought about the cop and
she's like nah I want the waffle cone
and then you can choose your ice cream
boom Nutella creamy peanut butter icy
flavor they got everything all right get
Nutella
how is it good she's getting hurt
getting bored and they have sample
things over here I might as well go have
a sample doctor diet wolfy of a mix
I'm on a diet
let's dip and then they have all the
topping to your walnuts all this stuff
sour keys all those are good all this
stuff I don't with oats or anything
Sarah - when I just like chocolate
chocolate score pieces M&Ms and Reese's
Pieces my bad - it's good Sylvia loves
her like Baba's over there and sour
makes no sense she's getting the popping
boba those are fish eggs you know that
right so here's the final result has
cookie dough strawberries what else
cheesecake cheesecake yeah Sarek sake
sake yeah
spoon nice spoon and then the waffle
cone to top it off and then two flavors
of ice cream I want to show you guys the
new and improved drawers look at this
look how clean that this is now that I
bought this I got this but now we moved
everything over to this one that didn't
need to be in there what what soon well
you think I'm working out downstairs for
I'm Trina he's training I'm widget
training for this it's not just a joke
I'm winning so I need to work out
downstairs ready so ya ready do work
over the vlog you have to come on I
she's gonna do something all right good
job you got Sylvia over here planking as
soon as the camera came on she did it
your boys sweaty as you guys can see
almost on the workout but coming it's
coming
ninety-nine one hundred three one two
I'm gonna be one of those gym rats boys
wears this hat and grunts to himself
alright guys so I just finished my
workout I'm gonna chug a big jug of
water I just had a little bottle but I
want more water I'm gonna have a really
big jug and then I'm gonna go pass out
cuz I am tired so that is it for today's
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
make sure to give it a big thumbs up
let's see if we can hit 7.5 K thumbs up
also if you made it this far in the vlog
shut up to you you are the truest wolf
AM so if you made it this far I want you
guys to comment down below clean your
stuff Sylvia clean your stuff because
this girls desk is so damn messy and
maybe if she reads my comments she'll
get the message but anyways again I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see
you soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always no oh
