hey yo what's goodness you boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy heading over
to David tell us right now I just filmed
a video for my channel that you guys
will see it's gonna be on my main
channel probably by the time this vlog
is up but basically me and David went to
McDonald's and ordered the most
expensive burger on their menu and you
guys will see the outcome it's pretty
huge but right now my face is burning
David's face is burning because let's
just say there was sriracha on our face
nearing the end of the video we are
going to David's now gonna help him film
and then we're gonna have an edit date
so I'm chilling here waiting to film and
my face is still burning but I wanted to
tell you guys I'm gonna work out extra
hard today because you know I did the
McDonald's thing but I'm gonna burn it
off I haven't missed a day working out
and I'm feeling better already I'm
already feeling more energetic and stuff
so because of this McDonald's video I'm
going to do an extra hard workout
probably gonna add on like 30 minutes to
an hour extra of what I'd usually do
just because I feel bad so I'm just
sitting here watching some YouTube
videos David's halfway through his video
so we're gonna finish that up but when
I'm just sitting around and waiting I'm
always on my phone and I'm like
refreshing apps if I've run out of
YouTube videos to watch I always refresh
my Twitter my Instagram I just want to
know what I like the go-to apps that you
guys always refresh when you're just
like sitting like say you're just
chilling in a room and you're it's like
an awkward silence and you know you're
not getting any texts what are like the
apps that you open for a second and
third and then just rinse and repeat
over and over and over again until
there's something to do because for me
it's Instagram always probably the first
one actually lately it's probably been
Twitter but Instagram is like a close
second and then I always open up the
YouTube app if you want to consider
YouTube as an app I guess it can be
number one but it usually goes Twitter
Instagram and then YouTube and then I
watch a bunch of videos refresh refresh
refresh and then keep going but I gotta
go help David and there you guys go I
officially submitted my Guinness World
Record requests hopefully they actually
get back to me and said it's gonna take
12 weeks or I have to pay 800 dollars
for them to get back to me in like a
week but like I'm not trying to pay 800
bucks and there was also like another
thing if you want them to actually come
and watch you break the record you have
to pay 12 grand I didn't know that so
I'm just submitting the Poorman
application thing I just got like a
reference number hopefully they get back
to me before 12 weeks because I'm trying
to beat this record and be crowned the
champion okay I'm trying okay so I'm
back from David's now I'm at my
to find out the internet is really bad
again so I have to run to the boy's
house to upload my video that's what the
struggle is right now I have food for me
here healthy food check it out that
Wolfie still here asparagus salmon sweet
potatoes and some salad but I'm gonna
have to bring that with me to the boys
house because honestly it is 8 o'clock
and your boy is rushing right now like I
just finished editing my main channel
video and the program I added on Adobe
Premiere kept crashing for some reason
like I was halfway done editing my video
and then it would crash crash crash I
would reopen it it would crash again and
I looked up like every solution that
there could possibly be online and I
didn't find anything and then it just
turns out I had to update the program
but that set me back like a solid hour
on my schedule so now I got a rush to
the boy's house
upload my video and then I have to come
home and do a late night workout because
I can't miss out on the workout because
of the video that I filmed earlier today
it has to be an extra hard one so if
your boy is rushing but I think we're
gonna get it done anything in the
basement
Silvia's editing in the basement shout
out to Shawn for letting us edit in his
basement go follow this man's twitch hey
what's your twitch follow him on Twitch
it's your twitch I game with him I
nighttime so if you guys want to see us
game and go to Shawn's twitch livestream
will chat with you guys - that's it
right there
it's got it all set up there I'm gonna
be streaming in like 15 minutes I mean
obviously this videos not gonna be up by
then but it you know you guys will see
eventually and if you guys want to hear
a say eat a billion times and go check
it ok so it's 11:15 p.m. I haven't
worked out I have not eaten dinner
believe it or not but it's been a really
stressful day
the internet is out once again on my
host so everyone in the house is
stressing off because everyone needs the
internet like it goes on for a bit and
then the Wi-Fi goes off but right now
it's on so I'm uploading my vlog quickly
before it cuts out again hopefully the
blog can get up it's like 50% uploaded
but it's still taking forever so I'm
gonna go downstairs and get my workout
in right now all right guys one of the
parts of my work code that you guys need
to see Nicol handstands show you what's
up I used to be able to do these off the
wall for 20 seconds now I got to do them
on the wall because I'm not a shape
right now let's took it away
so you get up like this pull your toes
flex we're gonna see if we - where are
you okay you got shot it again you know
the careful hey time number two put your
hands together I'm three kick up one two
hold it good hey okay something else I
like to do my workout usually push-ups
are good but these allow you to go even
deeper when you're doing push-ups so now
instead of doing regular push-ups you
can get all the way down and stretch out
at the same time all the way down look
walk back up hold it down hold it hold
it oh that diet Wolfie is real I'm not
even tired this shit
oh my god you actually thought it is
easy oh here we go again for those of
you to watch Sylvia's workout I did that
one personally as a racket so his newest
video recreating couple poses song it
when you fail to do that I need to do it
yeah I got let's watch quick little you
see that worm that backwards were her oh
good job they proved yourself after the
seventh time alright guys so I'm done my
workout it is fucking 1:00 a.m.
no it's 12:30 not gonna lie it's 12:30 I
thought it was 1:00 a.m. but I have my
dinner that I have not eaten and I'm
having at 1:00 a.m. the next day but
look at this salmon asparagus sweet
potatoes I showed you guys earlier bless
I haven't looked at the salad yet though
so I'm about to peep this salad should
be Caesar salad the only salads that I
eat are like Caesar salad and then maybe
just like a bunch of vegetables and some
vinegar
but I don't go off with Sykes Alex Oh
potato I think that's a baked potato
with cheese mmm
so guys it's only been like three days
into the workout schedule and your boy
is already feeling energized as fuck
like I used to have legit one coffee in
the morning one coffee like power
through the day and minimum one energy
drink I've only had one coffee today and
I'm still wide awake and it's 12:30 at
night so I knew the change was gonna
come early but I didn't know I was gonna
come that early but now that I already
feel like this like I'm just motivated
to work harder work harder keep pushing
the food is just about done I'm about to
go to town you know if I'm having that
salmon and those sweet potatoes I got a
month my sriracha with it because even
though dave says he's the sriracha god I
honestly think I might low-key be the
sriracha God so I got my food here
sriracha here I'm about to just watch a
bunch of YouTube videos and then call it
a night I had a stressful day but I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog if you did
make sure to give it a thumbs up let's
see if we can hit 7.5 K thumbs up on
this one and if you guys made it this
far in today's vlog then you guys are
the truest of the true wolf am so I want
everyone to comment down below charlie
is the real hot sauce god I want you
guys to comment Charlie is the real hot
sauce God down below so Dave knows that
I'm the real hot sauce god I have a more
than him but again that's it for today's
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolvie where
we stay a little bit more savage in my
main channel and as always Lego Oh
