hey yo what's good is your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy I'm eating
breakfast with my swaggy hat throw back
at the money signs I got my nice healthy
breakfast here coffee smoothie eggs and
some nuts me and Silvia having breakfast
this morning and then I'm gonna go get
my haircut so we'd all have a busy day
today but I'm gonna get a few things
done not as busy as yesterday for sure
though what are you doing Lionel Lionel
is biting a hole in the cat bag look in
this hole how hungry are you I'll give
you food just stop biting the cat bag ok
so right now I'm just finishing up at
home I'm gonna go pick up DJ and dad
we're all gonna go get our hair cut
I just finished breakfast it was
delicious but yeah we're gonna go get
our hair cut and then I'm going to help
Silvia film video and we're gonna bang
out a video for my channel as well
hopefully we can get them both done
before the day is like halfway over so
we have free time cuz I haven't had time
where I just sat in a minute and I want
it so see how fast we can do this what a
great thing to wake up to
I love the bird right on my car
shout out to the birds that just took a
nice Dookie all over my hood of
my car you guys are snakes just finished
up cutting my hair at fades I wanted to
give a shout out to Caden apparently
this kid came in two fades looking for
me the other day and met some of the
barbers so shout out to Caden sorry I
wasn't at Faisal you're out fades but
you know I just got a fresh lineup
shout out to Chris for hooking me up
with a VIP seating and fades in your man
nice cut right to the bus come home to
these chocolates outside my house what
is this good luck on your diet
don't kill me just saw David at Tim's
from Sahib why am I getting chocolate
bars I'm supposed to be on my diet this
makes no sense how am I supposed to die
behind the scenes Silvia filming here I
got your present what is it look it's a
troll it's not a troll it's not for me
look at the front of it look at the
front of it turn around
good luck on your diet just on TV that
is that is so cute I know but I
got this trying to sabotage you I know
that's what I'm saying how am I supposed
to diet with all this that's so funny
it's all good this is not gonna go to
waste
I'll eat some of it in my spare time
like when I cheat I'll eat it
okay I do love all these chocolate bars
but I'll let Sylvia I'll keep them out
Sylvia you can have them all and then
I'll share them with you so I don't feel
bad you oh I thought you're so good for
a second
thank you so your battle unit for
Charlie okay finish your video so we can
film and your video what okay which one
just one wicket cap is the bite all
right we got Sylvia I'm gonna go
upstairs well Sylvia's filming and eat
my salad because I'm on a diet this is
what I'm talking about I'm talking about
this salad from last night we got it
there's still some hummus left and I
just mucked some of that hummus this
morning was delicious I've got my salad
dressing my big salad I'm gonna take
some of the cheese out of the salad so
I'm not trying to eat too much cheese
right now but I'll leave a little bit in
there still I still need a fork that is
what I do need so I'm gonna go grab
before I don't leave these sunglasses on
outside
but go grab a fork and let this salad
battery is charged fully as well so got
my extra vlog cam battery to film after
but peep that hairdo so guys this is
hilarious you're not even gonna
believe this I told all of my wolf em to
tweet at guinness world records because
you know technically I just beat some
Guinness World Records if you haven't
seen the video it's on my main channel
but I don't know why they didn't respond
to me but they responded to one of the
wolf's a members check this out they
tweeted I guinness world records at like
hey guinness world records as a record
that was broken today it counts how many
coins that you can fit in your nose and
then they sent oh whoops and then they
sent a link to my video the Bell
mill and they actually responded saying
our records team would welcome an
application for mr. Wolfe eat then oh
I'm gonna send them something tonight
and hopefully they get back to me
because if I can send them like the raw
footage of the video where I didn't do
any cuts so they can actually see that I
did beat the world record then that'll
be blessed and that's one world record
down in like a billion to go because I'm
still the best in everything so this is
the first step to greatness we are
making progress let's get this wolf
family
this is ridiculous we literally don't
have one fork in my entire house all of
it is in the dishwasher or over here
look it's all spoons Oh spoons
I have to eat my salad with spoon this
might be unless there's something over
here your imagine no I'll cut it down
the struggle is real out here look I
don't have any clean bowls so I'm eating
with this giant Tupperware and I'm legit
using this as a fork right now it's kind
of working because it's so pointy but
it's not the best work I've ever used
okay perfect
we're about to film another challenge me
and Sylvia I'm in the typical albo
basement room where you guys have seen
so many videos filmed before we're just
gonna set it up now and then bang it out
so I can get a quick workout in after
and then still have time with my day got
the camera here I'm gonna set up one
light here Cleo's looking here what are
you looking for John not knew she found
one little spot in the room that has
sunlight and she's just chilling in it
Cleo what come out of your Sun spot Cleo
wants to go outside nothing new but
we're gonna film the video quick and
then I'll think about letting the cat
out while I'm drinking my lots of water
because I'm super healthy now so we just
finished a couples yoga challenge part
two I'm exhausted literally every time
we do a video like this I just go all I
wouldn't I end up dying Sylvia how are
you feeling like I hurt myself
yeah so you might have heard yourself
like two three times I might have hurt
myself like five six seven eight nine
ten times but I think the video is gonna
be a banger now I'm gonna go pick my mom
up from work because she doesn't have a
oil pot and you know Whoopi has got his
King Wolf's car so I'm gonna go pick up
my mom be the nice little son that I am
Cleo Cleo has been in that same spot
since the start of the video she hasn't
moved she's literally just chilling in
the Sun I have to take care of when I
get home I'll take her out and workout
at the same time because this girl has
been begging clear you're too cute yo
tell me
I gotta talk to God even though he is in
any case know what I got is haunted
think they don't hear me hit like a
dirty on my Jersey man I'm gifted whole
lot of saints it but I'm still like I
don't know you have Olivia hallelu
gotta keep my doors open there we all
got it through it whole city is your
hand for the bubble I even got a car go
for my mom--she no sub-zero yo look at
my bank o0 I know one or two that
researcher zero shout-out to Connor in
Metro who says he watching my videos all
the time we're getting here we're taking
over the globe otherwise just a starting
point but the world is the end goal but
now we're going to the dollar Hema with
Silvia and my mom just like a little
outing I go in there like once a week
just just to see if there's anything new
that I could possibly use for a video
idea so let's see if there's anything in
there today why are you in the candy
section in the candy you're in the candy
section I bought a water bottle these
guys are looking for candy birthers
those are good guys there's nothing in
dollar am I literally just did a lap
through the store and there's absolutely
nothing like I think I beat the store
many fruit slices those are amazing Wow
they actually have those they have those
at frigging not welfare but now they
have them here
oh yeah there's nothing here so I'm just
gonna this water bottle and go and
then my goal is gonna be to finish this
water bottle like multiple time maybe
like three to four times every day just
to make sure I'm drinking enough water
Silvia managed to get chips somehow we
were in there for like two minutes and
Silvia got chips I only got my water
is real dinner tonight is this Asian
salad right here as this cheese was it
using noodles hello Asian noodles some
bill oranges in it and then some chicken
as well and the drink of choice is wat
top diet wolfy you already know don't
worry about me are you eating it
this orange is in solid that's good
that's where and it's an agency it's an
Asian thing by the way guys I need a
favor from you
I need an intro for more wolfy and maybe
even wolfy raps like the main channel
but like a quick maybe like 2 to 5
second intro for like all of my videos
the intro I'm using right now and all of
your apps I didn't make one of the wolf
fan made me that so I'm looking for one
right now for more wolfy because I need
a quick little intro something that like
sticks in your head stuff like that so
if you guys can make like a dope quick
little video for the start of all my
videos send to tweet my way at wolf your
apps and I will respond to you guys and
then we can DM each other and then
hopefully I come up with like a blessed
intro for the channel but if you can do
that just let me know
but yeah back to that wolfy mid-workout
I ran into one of the potentially
biggest ants I've ever seen this thing
is huge look at the sizes and compared
to my finger it's the size the front of
my finger oh my god it's quick - it's
threatening me I just throw up gang
signs just finishing up the workout I'm
exhausted
Cleo is showering in the hammock she's
grilling me my mom's taking nice model
cat pics for her Abyssinian cat group
that she's part of to brag about how
cute Cleo what is that noise yeah that
high-pitched noise aliens are here she's
bathing again I just realized I have a
water bottle so I'm both you some water
bottle flips first right let's go now
I'm going to step it up and go through
the ring and land on the ground hold up
first rack
oh okay it's impossible who that
I'm not done yet you guys already know
what time it is
boom day three cross that nice red X
look at those three tic-tac-toe in this
bitch three days in a row eating really
healthy and working out every single day
so we are moving the first two weeks are
the hardest because those are the weeks
that you're putting yourself into a
routine but once you get those two weeks
done it's simple it's easy easy easy put
my weight at the top
we got a crush that I want to lose
honestly like 25 pounds maybe even
thirty pounds by like the end of the
summer I know it's like a long time but
I think it's possible so we're starting
off nice Sylvia's grinding on her edit
so I'm gonna go around her a Red Bull
because I'm the best way for an effort
that and I'm waiting for my video to
upload right now to YouTube so I have
time to kill and she needs to grind and
edit right now because she doesn't have
as much time so I'm gonna get her Red
Bull and a chocolate bar I'm gonna get
her way no because I know she likes
weight looks like it's gonna be a
monster Tinka Sylvia actually likes
Monster better than Red Bull I didn't
know if the store would have the monster
but we found it so we're good to go
so we got the bueno as well with the
monster so they you better if you're
watching this you better be happy about
this better be happy so yeah it's girls
gone
here you go max I got you this - my
favorite chocolate get editing yeah she
just went down and got the chips - and
what have you
more chocolate where's that I got
earlier I'm the best way for never right
so I just broke up the monster box and I
left at the very bottom of it when I was
breaking it up seeing Monster is trying
to get an Instagram shut up check it out
they have a YouTube channel just like ya
boy and they got Twitter Instagram face
yo monster you guys are activate I hope
you subscribe to me I hope your active
followers all right guys it is 1:00 a.m.
in the morning and I'm exhausted I'm
yawning I literally just took like a
little nap on the couch Wow I need to go
upstairs and sleep in my bed I need a
good night's sleep because I gotta I
gotta lose this weight and I think the
good night sleeps gonna help me with
that but I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog if you did make sure to give it a
big thumbs up let's see if we can get
7.5 thousand likes on this video so
smash that like button let's get 7.5 K
likes on this video and if you guys made
it this far in today's vlog shout it to
you cuz your true wolf amber I want you
guys to comment but that notebook though
I want you guys to comment but that
notebook though just because like I just
saw it was the first thing in front of
me it was a notebook and if you guys
made it this far it doesn't it doesn't
matter what the comment is leave it down
in the comments anyways that is it for
today's video on more Wolfie I hope you
guys enjoy it again and remember to stay
a little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always
