hey yo what's coochie boy Wolfie welcome
back to more Wolfie the day is already
starting off bad because look at this I
broke this last night basically I tried
closing my blinds and this thing
literally just snapped off this is super
tight so I have to go get a new court to
replace that today last time that thing
broke my dad had to fix it for me
because I didn't know what to do but
basically he gave me this box is like
this bead set so I think it's pretty
simple I'm just gonna go to the store
and show them this and see this is all I
have I need your help find me something
my windows broken like just just help
you boy out do I need to get that done
at some point today as you guys can see
on my calendar I have not worked out yet
but I'm not gonna miss that
I've been busy editing this video which
I'll hopefully have done in like the
next hour or so so I can go to the store
after that but my internet is down the
full house there's no internet working
right now I need shit on the internet
right now so I can edit this video
there's certain sound effects and stuff
like that that I need to add to this
video to make it the way I want to make
it with the Internet and my house is so
bipolar one day it's up and running
perfectly no no problems at all and then
the next day it'll just completely
fucking shut down the Internet has
always been a problem I don't know if
it's like my modem at my house or like
or if there's like too many people in my
neighborhood using internet so it's
slowing right now I just I don't know
the problem but because my job is the
Internet when the Internet's going slow
like that that is the worst thing that
could possibly happen to me so I'm
trying not to get mad right now but I'm
kind of annoyed just just kind of so I'm
going to pick up my mom right now from
the gym I haven't eaten haven't worked
out yet it's 5 o'clock which I know is
not good for me but I've been editing
since I woke up the internet is still
not up so we're gonna go to the store
and check in and see like what the hell
is wrong with our internet sign I
fucking need it so I'm gonna go grab my
mom and then figure out what's happening
hopefully my brother can give me a
haircut today but I'm gonna do that
after I get home but the first thing I
do when I get home is work out I have to
do that no questions asked my mom said
she would be outside let's see if she's
actually outside oh wow congratulations
I didn't play myself my mom is outside
ready she didn't lie to me this time
are you doing here on the blog so we
just went to Rogers the guy gave us this
magic stick we have to reset the Wi-Fi
and then everything should work after
plugging in this dick it should walk us
through all the steps my dad's away and
he knows all the computer stuff and he
set everything up so me and my mom are
like struggling to figure out what to do
but we think we got it the guy at the
store is really nice so now we're just
gonna grab sour cream run home so I can
work out and then I can move on with my
day
there's a green beetle outside the house
I swear this is a rare beetle if it
flies on me I'm literally a shoe I pants
okay we need to get it off the doorstep
hopefully it doesn't fly oh yeah come on
this way buddy oh shit he climbed on
this leaf alright back in the garden all
right I'm gonna grab an apple or
something just something I'll pull over
until the workouts done and I'm gonna
eat fajitas for dinner because my
sister's making fajitas but I need to
eat something so I can cross this off
the list second day in a row day two
let's get it we're not stopping we're
grinding I hope you guys are grinding at
home - lets get it got chicken here rice
cooking and then a bunch of veggies cut
up grapes here are these are grapes that
I'm using in my bar you're really rude
why they're a million grapes wait till
tonight's video I broke a record all I
want to know is have you guys ever seen
an apple this blessed this is literally
like the perfect Apple first pick I
don't even look
but mmm that's good
Cleo Jenni my Apple I don't want to go
outside actually you know what I'll just
tell my work out outside
I'm going to bang out a quick workout on
my backyard it's really hot so I sweat
more I'm going to do a bit inside
handstands and stuff like that because
I've been inside all day and it's nice
to be outside part way through the
workout I'm exhausted already
I've only been working out for like 15
minutes I've been doing some hangs on
this on this bar we got up here and then
whoa that thing was all my leg what the
fuck is that I've been using the Rings
we're doing some rows gonna do some dips
on those soon and working out over here
to back to the workout what's this cat
doing in a cocoon there Conner where's
the cat Lionel are you doing this cat
cocoon vinyls filling in the hammock
look his paws sticking out come on lion
your boy is dead your boy is dead but at
least you can do this boom
x marks the spot look her shaky my hand
is look at me I'm glistening I'm
sweating so bad that was a full
bodyweight workout all I did was do
different exercises just with my body
but yo I'm dead and I'm cheese my
brother can't cut my hair today because
he has a show tomorrow so I'm gonna
shower now screw the haircut I'll get
that done another day I need water I
need new Brita water yeah damn good news
guys see that that means my internet is
working again the Wi-Fi is still being
kind of weird but the Internet's back on
which means I can upload my video
tonight I'm fucking excited life without
internet oh my god late for that
internet
yo my life is torture without internet
as a youtuber I need my internet man I'm
so happy you have
look at this I thought Vitas looks like
we're just having a race chicken
stir-fry
you I said rice chicken stir-fry just
stir-fry it but there's rice in it looks
delicious
somebody's back only Charlie gets
Internet if you help me fix the my
curtain I hope you fix the Internet
sriracha I know how to fix it we
literally just need to go to Home Depot
and grab something so I'm in the aisle
with this haven't asked an employee yet
but we're looking we're looking there's
so many different things in this one
aisle so we have no clue where it is
we're probably gonna have to end up
asking someone because this is such a
small box in a huge store that I'm in
right now so we're lost right now the
girl one of the girls told us that they
didn't have them here but I'm sure they
have the mirror I just checked online
and they have to have them here so we're
looking hopefully we can get this in the
next five minutes I have to go home and
edit so I'm on a tight schedule it was
right here the whole time
the first spot that we went to that's
literally it I don't oh yeah look it
comes with it to do things actors to
couples
I'm cheese we were looking at this wall
for like a good ten minutes and we
couldn't find we even knew King Jane was
here we couldn't find it I guess it was
just buried in the back right here some
guy went through the system and you
found it for us right away pretty easy
we want this we don't want those because
those ones are too big
those those connectors are too big this
hapa kidding
oh is it yes this says 10 by 3 10 inches
3 meters 3 meters length 3 meters you
know and that one says wait a minute
number 10 beat
the couple is in there that's one oh
they're the same ready yeah okay let's
go
let's get both okay bless we're good
till Sylvia's light fell down the other
day after I got her this this lampshade
or this light shade and I was wondering
why it fell over this hook and now I'm
such a fucking idiot I realized why
literally you guys are not gonna believe
this check this out I need to grab it
don't fall watch it I pull it out
because you're like oh why can you pull
it out look at this when you put it in
the ceiling I put it in like this so
that when it goes through the ceiling it
opens up like this you're supposed to
put it the other way
this piece is supposed to be upside down
like this so that oh look at that
ceiling ceiling just came out all over
to be as bed but yeah it's supposed to
be like this so that when it goes up it
clamps down and it can't come out of the
ceiling without making like a huge hole
in the ceiling so I'm an idiot it's
fuckin broken look at it like that you
can see a gap between the ceiling and
the thing and now you can't pull it out
the reason is because but it's at least
it's tight now no you can't tighten it
any more than that now you're just gonna
take the hook off is the hook the thing
is wrong and it would not go into the
ceiling yeah without the the clamp being
at the very top we just kept moving it
up slowly and slowly and slowly until it
went in and by the time at winning its
can't come off so the screw is extra
long the screws yeah extra long no but
the screw needs to be extra long to fit
through the drywall B flopped so let me
just bun it the wrong way and now the
thing is lost in space
Fidelma they're ready tell you oh it's
gone got it up she doesn't know
lefty-loosey righty-tighty it's in it's
in the ceiling now it is gone it's gone
we tried doing it down there and I'm a
whole life living spy on in the from
like that one movie where he spies and
there any each time you meet somebody
cookies oh yeah the time we tried I'm
going to try and use these dollar 50
things instead of like the 10 dollar set
- my mom bought because this might just
be what we need if this is all that I
need right here just the connector to
connect the two broken pieces
tell me this is it okay well it doesn't
go up to the top but because they've all
right now we're chillin easy fix
now the Internet do problems down one
problem to go I don't know it is such a
handyman I know but it doesn't really go
up all the way so nobody never went up
all the way after both the first time
and everyone all the way out that's
impressive but it doesn't probably work
so yeah thank you know how to do it
Thanks the window time to fix the
Internet this magical red stick
yep the Sahara Desert reducing your on
okay what's it on up 18 or 19 no no I
just turned on alright guys so I got the
internet working the Wi-Fi is good it
just took us a bunch of time but I
figured it out so now I can start
editing my blog and then I can drop my
video after that so we're making
progress today literally there's no
hummus in the fridge and that's all I
want right now that's what I love to
snack on when I'm really healthy and
there's no hummus in the fridge so I'm
legit about to run to the grocery store
at 11 p.m.
grab some hummus and a salad I didn't
muck that and that's going to be the
food I eat for the day Silvia and my mom
are watching a movie my mom's probably
mama you wait
Oh
come back ah Oh movie is this grace Oh
race going to the grocery store a solo
dolo by myself at what time is it I
don't even know I think it's like 1:00
a.m. we don't have any like lettuce
spinach or kale to make a salad so I'm
gonna have to just go buy some or just
buy one of those pre-made salads from
the store and also I'm gonna cop some
hummus because I'm craving hummus right
now we have like those really healthy
crackers in my house but we don't have
any hummus to eat it with and I don't
want to eat the crackers with cheese
because I do love that but not trying to
have the cheese right now so I gotta get
this hummus it is a lonely night at the
grocery store no one is in the parking
lot I guess this is what the grocery
store is like at like 2:00 a.m. solo
dolo blah blah singing I don't know
which salad I'm gonna get I don't like
the olives I don't like tomatoes too
much but the chicken Caesar salad is
there chicken one or is it just all
Caesar salads
I think this is the only chicken Caesar
but it has a lot of cheese
this is the only one I have to got this
and they have the dressing of course do
they have a light option to have the
mighty Caesar you know what I'll just
grab two regulars TSU boy is in his
socks and sandals again gang gang Under
Armour swag on plea hummus should be
over here if I remember correctly lots
of cheese right there but where's the
hummus ooh got it
the hummus the hummus the hummus I read
this stuff but apparently like lately it
had like a recall where they had to take
back all the hummus because it was
poisonous or something I don't know so
lately I've been reading this spicy
hummus I'm gonna grab one of these okay
so I'm gonna put the salad away I'm
gonna have the salad tomorrow I'm not
gonna eat it today I'm just gonna snack
on the hummus and these crackers it look
like bird food but they're pretty good
they're hard and they hurt your teeth
sometimes but they're pretty good
they're healthy so I'm gonna muck the
spicy hummus and these crackers save
this out for the morning when I wake up
work out all that stuff but I'm gonna
end today's vlog out there I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up we get 7k on
this channel now so let's see if you can
smash 7,000 likes and if you guys made
it this far in today's vlog I want you
guys to comment x marks the spot because
i got two x's on my calendar already and
you know it's just up from there so
motivational wolfy we got you and that
is it for today's vlog on more Wolfie
again I hope you guys enjoyed and I will
see you guys soon and remember to stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always Lego
