guys I'm telling you we're the biggest
height beasts on YouTube like right save
the day actually this guy just has bars
good morning hey yo attention we're
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy another
day we got to finish this car shopping
today because I am NOT in Ottawa for
that long but I just pulled out to my
parents smash the like button and I will
make a decision today
let's hit thirty five thousand likes on
this vlog wolf am you already know what
it is go down and hit that like button
with your elbow your boy is swagged out
today this is my fit of the day we got
my new walking off weight Nike collab
got my pink pants its it Oh I'm Asian I
Ranger or goddamn that might just change
my minute one second anyways my mom my
dad are just getting ready to call
inside I think my mom's coming today and
it's always nice to have her because she
doesn't really know anything about cars
so like she just gives me like the
typical mom answer I'm like if she likes
the look of it or not or if she likes
the comfort of it or not which I need
because my dad knows about cars but you
need both sides of the spectrum anyways
it is snowing outside today do you think
I'm gonna make a decision do you think
I'm gonna make a decision today yes you
think no that's not all right guys here
there's one option she already has an
option picked up and ahead pull Lee holy
what's going on right now I am up to
something I'm up to something guys I
don't know I think I might have made a
spur-of-the-moment decision but it's not
so spur the moment I've been thinking
about it forever so I don't know
ultimately it comes up to me having to
make a decision and not listening to
other people for like two seconds so
this is my semi decision maybe I'll get
another car in LA or something I don't
know yeah alright so I decided on the
car do you think it's a nice one
it's nice okay what do you think yeah
I'm a FaceTime Ryan and tell him I'm
getting a Lambo tell them I'm in the
dealership right now this guy says I'm
getting a new car right now I changed it
up I think I think I'm getting a Lambo
what yeah I am Huracan 2017 it's cheaper
do you mean it's just a lamp over it's
not that expensive it's not here right
now they're shipping it from Montreal
yeah yeah
I'm surely here oh I'm getting I'm
getting a different car don't worry
about it we're gonna give a nice exhaust
a wrap of the car
mom's reaction
it's a loud car I don't know why it's so
loud the sad day guys I just emptied
everything that had been in my car and
goddamn did it hurt to do that because
you know I was attached to this thing it
was like my second girlfriend guys like
it's hard to give up something that you
like so much but when you know it's for
the better I mean then you just know
it's for the better and scintillate
anyways you know Silvia is out doing
Christmas shopping right now I just got
home I dropped my parents off because I
got to finish editing the video I was up
til 6 a.m. last night editing um but I
wanted to ask you guys a question
because I was thinking about doing
something and you guys are probably
gonna be down for it but I need you guys
to hit the like button right now if you
are down for this idea if we hit 40,000
likes on this vlog then I will do it if
not I might do it still but I don't know
I need some motivation so basically the
idea I was thinking was there's a lot of
people home for the holidays people like
videos that's why a lot of youtubers are
doing vlogmas uploading daily I pretty
much upload where I try and upload daily
some days I miss days but you know I
make up for it the other days so what I
was thinking was last year you guys
really really liked my Christmas vlog
where I unbox presents and like I filmed
the entire thing and there's not that
many presents we have this year but
there is still a decent amount of
presents that me and Silvia got for
people nothing crazy
if you guys gave me really good feedback
last year of just like you enjoyed
watching the video of me like opening
presents of my family getting emotional
you know turning into soft wolfy
everyone being happy everyone's spending
family time together because that video
last year got so many likes and like
only positive feedback so would you guys
want me to daily vlog on Christmas and
I'm talking like regular vlog do
whatever I'm doing on Christmas Day and
then add another video so that's like a
double upload of just the Christmas
present opening so that's gonna be like
its soul like its own video and then
there's gonna be a vlog on top of that
so basically all you guys got to do is
hit the like button and there's more
content for you guys to watch and
obviously I'll have no issue filming it
because I like to make memories a so I
can watch it back in like years to come
down the road and be I know opening the
presents is gonna be long and I don't
want to have like too many cuts in that
video I want it to be like as natural as
possible but I also know I'm not gonna
be inside sitting and opening presents
all day so there's gonna be more footage
to vlog that day and I don't feel like
taking the day off so let me know about
hitting
like 140 thousand likes if we get that
then I will make two uploads that day
and then the next day I'll be vlogging
as well which is Boxing Day obviously
there's gonna be shopping during Boxing
Day and then the day after that your boy
has some business to do I think Ryan's
coming down from Toronto and me and a
few of the boys are going down to
Montreal for the day not a hundred
percent decided but I'm pretty damn sure
we're doing that so literally like the
Christmas logs are super lit the only
downside is all the snow here but I mean
I'm over it I've lived with it my whole
life but I'm damn lonely I'm home Sylvia
like all I got to remind me of you is
all your friggin sponsors in like I mean
nothing like really the dogs you didn't
even leave the dogs for me there's no
dogs anywhere no dogs in the cage no
ducks under the tree she took the dogs
to my mom's house guys like I don't even
have dogs holy hell
you know what I need to do your boy
needs oh my god it's a little deep
listening look at this it is literally
blizzarding I need to go in the hot tub
I need to go in the hot tub so my plan
is drink my coffee edit my video going
too damn hot tub guys look who just got
back out there I finished my video not
talk what the hell did I just say
literally don't even know what I just
said but Sylvia is back and what do we
have planned for today we are gonna make
spaghetti dinner okay because I suck at
cooking
I will literally burn the hole I'll cook
it okay I feel okiya chef guys like I
just don't have the time to cook but
when I have the time to cook right now
it's like Christmas spirit I have the
time to cook I can cook basically guys
my parents wanted to spend some quality
time with me we've kind of spent a
little time like over the past couple
days with a car shop but today more
specifically I just finished my videos
so I have free time which is good we are
going to go I just have to go pick up
some quick video supplies I'm filming a
khomeini Channel video tomorrow so I'm
gonna go to the mall I'm gonna go to the
mall quickly with them to pick up these
supplies we're also gonna pick up all
the stuff you need to make pisghetti aka
piss pasta
spaghetti with meatballs because I'm
trying to be a healthy tip because I
really do need to be diet wolfy these
days I'm gonna pick up lean ground
turkey we're gonna use that as a meat
instead of ground beef and then the
spaghetti sauce and some Parmesan cheese
it's gonna be fucking lit and we about
to watch a movie over here but first
things first before I even go anywhere
you guys already know rice just dropped
a new track
I'm the reaction God club game for life
I got to react to it I gotta react to my
boy Rice's track haven't heard it but
I'm excited to see what the fuck this
guy's bringing his story hasn't dropped
a track in a minute so let's get into it
supreme alert to get the laptop out this
is the reaction zone
oh god this is like the perfect lighting
in this room wait hold on need apply
wolf your apps calm go cop the merge
right now Christmas is still not here
guys not too late quick shipping anyways
rice comes track it is called naughty or
nice I don't know why I always clapped
when I can talk because you can barely
hear me
it's called rice gum naughty or nice
official music video this guy dropped
like a sneak peak yesterday he dropped
the official music video a day after he
usually does that so without further ado
let's get into it's only a two-minute
song got a drone shot hi
hold the phone grace gum rice gum rice
gum rice go my boy my boy Brian why are
you wearing my hoodie bro guys that's
the hoodie day I sold rice gum because
as you guys know I had a really
heartbreaking moment with it I got a
hoodie I've been in love with this
hoodie for like months
I ordered the size that I thought would
fit it fit like a medium I'm not a
medium so I was like hey who can I give
it to right save the day actually so
shoutout to rice for a cop in the hoodie
but it obviously looks nice when I'm
with super high beast and it's
Christmasy - so Louis Vuitton Christmas
season and apparently VEVO made this
video that's what I was I was told so
I'm expecting some high production
they got reindeers on the constrast yeah
yeah this guy's on his Hill Yanni floor
right now okay this is like way more
relaxing with this tracks he's the black
Santa this is relaxing
of course race it's got a flexible the
money guys I'm telling you we're the
biggest height beasts on YouTube like I
don't care who you are you're not as big
of a height beast as us he should have
borrowed this go yard bag though because
it definitely matches his hood Santa
come up to the hills why is our black
Santa I just don't get it but I mean
it's kind of height beast 200k likes
I'll go get Rosie
guys races coming soon check the
statistics link in the description
download it on Spotify Apple music it's
actually popping right now dumb popping
so if you haven't heard it for some
reason go fucking let's do right now and
panicky Lakes and I'll go race but
that's not my business
stay tuned for that
no way that's it
arresting Santa Claus no tell me and
they film this in one day so it's pretty
good I'm just stressed that the song is
not one more verse that could be one
more verse race just dropping quick
songs on us free blacks Hannah don't
race actually I'm answering you like
comment subscribe alright guys well that
was quick Nadia nice out of 10 because
let's say I didn't know race at all I
would give it like I'll give it like an
8 out of 10 but because I know I'll give
them like a 9 out of 10 but obviously
it's poppin' like I don't think race has
dropped a none poppin song since he
started on YouTube this guy just has
bars I don't know about you guys but I'm
about to play this song instead of all
these regular Christmas songs are you
naughty or nice a fan only cares about
counting them bills that's all I care
about counting them bills anyways my
favorite part of the video obviously was
my don't matter they don't matter it's
all about spending time with your loved
ones your family
nothing else matters except for
Louboutin supreme hoodies those I live
know but other than those nothing
matters other than goyard bags and other
than that you're not being matters
except for Louie Vuitton bags but other
than that the dogs kind of matter almost
as much as a Louis Vuitton bag it's just
like nothing else matters other than
honestly a whoopsie full case link in
the description why by gucci when you
could buy Pucci
it's actually let it's like mine with
logos guys this is like the hypest bull
case ever keep this design link in
description if you don't rock one of
those what are you doing cop the Wu Chi
anyways other than the Warchief own case
we have more important things to do
guys it's not about materialistic things
other than the Wu Chi phone case and the
Goyard bag in the Louie Vuitton bag we
hope this you know
no I didn't even see these this is kind
of lit yeah grab one Gabrielle got me
it's my phone that's your phone now
Ryan's calling but I'm not answering
cause he ain't got that glop field grab
their pitchfork that's for the new DIY
guys did you guys see me with a giant
Fork that was like literally I didn't
plan to get that but it's here Jesus
Christ Ryan oh now it's Bongo what the
holy calling me oh yeah yeah I picked
that up that's not why we're here we're
here for something else and I'll pick up
two of those the Sunbeam ones the Gradle
alert let me see it I want to see Jesus
that one's good can you get two of these
why is my price you can return it as
long as you keep it in good quality I've
returned so many things fun fact I
actually returned to SodaStream over
there I want two of the sunbeams for
aesthetic guys comment down below a
video you think I'm some in addition it
doesn't matter the price I'm returning
it can we just get two sunbeams and call
it a day hey Shelby
I know exactly that I want to watch me
embarrass my mom no mom your old dad
you're oh wait wait where's my dad
your dad your old your Oh some Michaels
ping next arts and crafts store we
picked up the supplies the griddles I'm
sure you guys already know what we're
doing but actually I'm gonna put a twist
on us and you probably don't know but
now we need some bottles
everything's top secret future won't be
here guys I have an important
announcement that I needed to get across
to your attention as soon as possible
christmas is coming up I thought about
how I can give my wolf femme as many
presents as possible and obviously I
know you guys like follows I know you
guys like DM so what I will be doing as
long as you go and like and comment the
Christmas tree emoji on my recent three
pics on Instagram at Wolfie this is my
Instagram page all you got to do is like
my stuff and comment the Christmas tree
emoji I will be following a bunch of you
guys like a bunch of you guys and I will
be DMing a shitload of you guys okay so
I'm gonna hand it back to path Wolfie go
do it right now all right I told you
guys we eat ground turkey lean green
lean ground turkey ground check you
right here on the chicken minced this is
minced this is not ground my DCM Dean
okay oh so we're gonna pick up probably
like I'm getting three lows Anne and
everyone like all these up-and-coming
rappers are good and all but like I
personally I feel younger
okay show them the sauce cheese noodles
shaky cheese Fraggle we know pregnant
girl with the noodles guys we have to be
very specific we go whole-wheat only
because I'm on a diet
yeah and Jake Falls eight career looking
like one minute rice oh okay oh this
thing just grinding my gears more than
anything cuz silly wanted to build a
gingerbread house of me and I was down
but they're selling pre-built what took
in like just decorate that's so old
that's so our generation is these days
guys pre-built they're like now I only
want to like put the aesthetics on it
ugly sweater cookie challenge someone
tried hiding it shut us all the Jews but
like I don't I'm not Jewish so therefore
it's old guys welcome to Self Serve
Olympics over dismount
he's got some final garlic bread Wow he
let his teammate down on that one whose
garlic bread is watch this young Chan
it's him
peep this 360 this is for the okay open
the next bag that's a ten
next up that's right here by the way
she's been training for years
topped it on your knee first of all look
at this look at this see how I got two
bags would you like to donate and no
bags no no guys you should be donating
give back to those less fortunate are
you gonna hit back on the screen there's
no back it's unfortunate Shh the last
time we had to come to his chapters I
got to be really quiet because my
parents are in the store basically in
the next couple of days I'm gonna be
pranking them I don't know this is gonna
be either really good or really bad how
they react can't show you what it is but
just know in the next two to three vlogs
bang early whoops I have a block guys
look at how dinner's coming along I'm
not doing anything usually I am the chef
but I had to look up some stuff we're
actually cooking the meat in the pot
which is weird usually you guys know how
I do it on my channel if you're edgy
wolf am i use the wok pots whatever
there's no lid on it so
thank you forever to cook it's like 9
p.m. why are we having dinner at 9 p.m.
boiling water and you need to put salt
and oil in here we have a salad what's
in this out of this tomatoes in there
yeah that's all what dressing are we
having that's also farm boy ok so where
me and Silvia aren't participating in
the South then what is it Parmesan
Caesar well that one's ok why are you
eating sushi when you know I'm cooking
food because this is the appetizer
you're not gonna eat I'm craving
spaghetti right now guys and actually I
actually found this at the store as well
I swear I've seen these online and
that's why I bought them and when did
they sell these at regular grocery
stores mom dad
hey go ahead one chip challenge come on
they're actually not the one chip
challenge chip so it's like similar no
haunted ghost pepper chips Sylvia you're
eating wasabi on your on your sushi snot
I mean if they sell them in tips bags
this big it's probably had a bit yeah
okay here we go
where's the milk wait let me see you
know we don't have milk in our house
we're healthy you only have almond milk
is it spicy I swear it can't be that
spicy if they sell it like that is it
that sleazy it's that bad it's not that
hot
okay it's that hot been walking I won't
fail this is for you guys
it is really hot chocolate for to make
you go like that yeah
and I don't have any liquid to drink oh
my god no whoa found not it I'm not a
pussy oh oh hit the back away throat
I've done the one chip challenge with
Dave cue the clip that was a hardship I
could only take a bite of that one this
one honestly screw up it is hard though
I don't think I could get any harder in
my mouth though
god damn anyways that was a warm-up to
the spaghetti Loki it's all good I'm
sure
I just need water I didn't have any
water spaghetti garlic bread salad I'm
not even the salad
what's the movie right right only
available on Netflix
not even a brand deal I'll let you guys
know how the movie goes but I'm gonna
enjoy this time to eat I need to just
sit down for a bit
catch you in a bit okay Loki this
movie's actually freaking amazing we're
halfway done it but I had to stop at
Chhabra it's good I need to pick up some
some new dental floss before the store
closes and look at my hair
I got such nappy hair it's like a pro
hair and hopefully I'm gonna pick up
like some castor oil and like some
locking gel here because I'm trying to
twist my hair you know I can only pick
up some of this no this one's only open
till 12 o'clock but there's another one
open 24/7 so I'm gonna go reach the
other shoppers Drug Mart quickly because
when I have something in my head like
literally I can't drop it until I get it
so we're gonna go there my parents are
still taking care of wolfy jr. at my
house and finishing watching that movie
the snakes cuz they're watching it
without us and the reason I have to go
to the other location is because this
nappy hair is not gonna solve itself and
I can't find the African African section
in this one so struggles real feel way
more cultured now oh thank God they got
the castor oil another coconut of castor
oil activator this is what I'm trying to
look like guys if you didn't know this
is what you need to curl your hair
oh yeah plus a nappy friggin head like
me cuz guys like oh I don't show you the
dark side of what it looks like to have
this kind of hair you guys just see it
curled it's nice god damn your boy
hasn't nappy hair so this is what me and
Sylvia are doing probably gonna take a
while but Yolo I'm gonna end the vlog
off there because this is what I'm gonna
be doing for the rest of the night but
just expect either at the start of
tomorrow's vlog or a snapchat for me by
the way if you don't follow me on
snapchat just add me the wolf emoji boom
this emoji or wolfy wraps because we
could potentially pick up like really
bad tonight this could look bad I might
have to shave my head because once you
mess them up there's no going back guys
there's no going back
but yes master like button if you
haven't already listed 35,000 likes on
this vlog happy holidays and Merry
Christmas to everyone who celebrates
Christmas I hope you get everything you
want for Christmas I mean there's still
like a little bit of time until
Christmas from when this vlog drops so
if so whatever you want for Christmas
make sure to comment it down below and I
will see what your boy Santa Wolfie can
do for you and I will see you guys soon
all more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more showers my main channel and OH
they Savage leggo
