heyyour whoops get your boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie Cleo why are
you sneaking outside every time I'm
outside it's like 12 o'clock I didn't
just wake up I just finished a workout
but I wanted to talk to you guys about
something for two seconds if you guys
didn't know I used to be big into
working out and staying in shape but the
key word there is used to basically like
the past couple months I've been lazy as
fuck like I have not really worked out
at all which is funny because I used to
work out every single day if not twice a
day and I used to eat super healthy but
the thing about me is that I have a
personality where when I'm doing
something I have to put like 250 percent
in it so three summers ago I used to
work out like crazy two summers ago I
used to work out like crazy even last
summer I used to work out like crazy but
recently YouTube has started taking up a
lot of my time like my channels been
growing out like a really fast rate and
so I've been putting way more of my time
into YouTube because that's super
important to me but at the same time
I've been forgetting to work out like if
I have the option to either edit a video
and drop a video ten times out of ten
I'm gonna choose editing and dropping
the video but like I said that's just
who I am like I've always been the type
of person that when I do something I'm
only focused on that one thing and I
came and see anything around me but I'm
actually tired of it so today I'm making
a fucking change like lately I've been
realizing I'm a lot more tired than I
usually am I'm out of breath super quick
like when I'm playing any sport and
straight up I just don't have the energy
that I used to have so I'm telling you
guys because I feel like it's gonna help
me motivate myself to keep on schedule
keep on track work out eat healthy all
that stuff today I'm gonna go to the
store and buy a scale and a calendar a
scale so I can weigh myself I know
that's not like the best thing to do
always look at your weight because then
you get unmotivated but usually when I
work out unless I see before and after
pictures of like what I used to look
like I don't see a change when I look in
the mirror maybe I'm just fucked in the
head but the numbers on the scale
actually speak more to me than seeing
myself in the mirror because then I know
that I'm actually cutting weight and the
calendar will just help me keep on
schedule so today we're not fucking
doing this anymore we're gonna get
jacked together it's the summertime you
want to get your summer body we got this
and it's all about balance so what I
would usually do right now is just cut
out all fast food all junk food drink
like six jugs of water a day workout for
like two hours every single day of the
week but when I do that I burn out
really quick so I'm not gonna do that
this time I'm gonna start small so I'm
gonna cut down the amount of fast food I
eat to maybe one time a week maybe once
every two weeks I'm not gonna make you
guys watch every single workout that I
do I'm not gonna fill my whole workouts
or anything I just hope over time you
guys see like a change in me hopefully
I'll be a little more energetic because
lately I've just been feeling tired as
fuck all the time so this needs to
change
now anyways with that being said usually
I would have like fast food for
breakfast but today I'm gonna make
smoothies we have mad frozen fruit in my
freezer so usually I go with mangoes
raspberries strawberries pineapples
sometimes I like to toss a banana in
there I don't like bananas on their own
I've never liked bananas on their own
but one or two and a smoothie does not
hurt get that potassium Finn shoutout to
my niggah Blendtec blender this blender
always does mean I say blend might shut
up nice and small so I fuck with this
blender so we got the strawberries
raspberries pineapples mangoes and last
but not least blueberries I forgot to
mention the blueberries but blueberries
are blessed so from now on every single
morning I'm gonna make one of these
smoothies maybe have some eggs with it
drink a lot of water but from what I've
learned from past experience the best
way to get good at anything is just by
making it into a routine because once it
becomes a routine it's almost automatic
like every morning I used to literally
make this smoothie drink this smoothie
workout drink a lot of water and I would
repeat the same thing every single day
to the point where I didn't even think
about it when I was doing it like all of
a sudden it would blink to 1 p.m. in the
afternoon and I'd be like oh shit I'm
done my workout I ate healthy I'm good
to go I can start my day so we got a
drink this smoothie this looks bless it
that's amazing that's delicious Cleo
that's fucking delicious alright your
boy is fresh out of the shower I got my
candle going over here put some Cologne
on put some deodorant on you boys
smelling nice I'm ready to film right
now basically I just dropped Sofia off
at work because for some reason her card
her bus card or something she added
money on to it but when you add money
onto your bus card it doesn't go there
right away so I guess I just didn't onto
her card so the bus driver actually
kicked Silvia off the bus yo if I was
booking there bro oh fuck you the fuck
am you know I thought you don't know who
the fuck I am it's all good subscribe to
my channel if you figure out who the
fuck I am
anyway she got kicked off the bus so I
had to drive her downtown I came back
here a shower quick ate some eggs
healthy I got you guys I got you guys
and now I'm just setting everything up
I'm about to film reacting to cringey
music please part 2 because you guys
really seem to fuck with the first one
it has like 45,000 likes or something
like that
every time I underestimate the wolf
Pam's fucking power like less than a
year ago I used to ask for like 2k likes
and I thought that was a lot of likes
and now some videos I drew
we'll get like 50k likes in a day and
it's funny because every time I'm like
yo 30k is a lot 30 kids a lot they're
not gonna hit it in the first day and
then you guys hit it in like the first
three hours and it's like what the fuck
like what the fuck so I saved two
different musically cringe compilations
on my computer I'm gonna react to them
and hopefully I don't cringe I'm gonna
try my best not to but you know kids
these days they're fucking they're wild
as you guys saw my snapchat Q&A like I
know I told you guys to ask me weird
questions but some of those questions
were fuck it away I think I raised you
guys to be a little bit too savage but
it's not a bad thing it's all good we're
the most average fucking family on
youtubes on the table today anyways
let's get reacting alright so I just
wrapped up the cringy musically reaction
and literally the cringe was so real I
was running around my room yo I'm
sweating fully I'm literally dripping in
sweat right now and like I need some
fucking fresh air or something luckily I
got my new Brita water my ice-cold Brita
water this would never let me down baby
you're good I love you you're the best
goddamn delicious alright it's three
o'clock I'm supposed to be filming a
video with Sean and jad right about now
I'm sure you guys know by now I fuck
with this game okay I fuck with the game
over watch I happened to be problem with
the world's best players you know I
don't like to brag or anything but you
know Whoopie I used to be a gamer once a
gamer always a game I'm fuckin beast at
this game okay so I think Sean our dad
is filming a video for their channel I'm
not sure whose video it's gonna be but
they want me to play online with them
they said to be on for like 3 o'clock so
now I'm just chilling filmed one video
gonna film another video with the
friends cuz I gotta help the squad out
and then hopefully by that time Sylvia
will be done work so we can kick it I
haven't just kicked it with Sylvia in a
while I've been editing and stuff so
it's gonna be nice to kick it with bang
relationshipgoals wool via Sam fuck it's
a good steak Sophie that's our chef name
guys me and Sylvia still could come up
with like a ship name you know like
zombies zoella and Alfie how couples
have like ship names we need one okay
we couldn't find one in Sylvia's
comments in her video so comment a shit
name for me and Sylvia down below you
guys see the time it's 301 and these
niggas aren't already but I'm watching
jad subscriber counts skyrocket right
now jad has a bunch of videos popping
right now so
subscribe this guy's got 15,000
subscribers yesterday it just keeps
rising and went again boom boom
anyways I tweeted out that I'm gonna be
opening snapchat so let's open some
snapchats while we meet a here we go
wolf am love let's get I love YouTube we
got a cat on the head okay what out my
nigga what's poppin still got some
videos snaps let's open them up
game game game low key like has nice
eyes
BAM a wolf and gang game oh my god what
the fuck you guys send some next-level
synapse that's all you gotta say we got
two Japanese got you here we go 200k
nigga 200k we we did it jabs wait holy
shit a 200k
shot to my boy jad aka Chad with the J
aka Tom on jag demands at 200k just hit
100k to squat see that T that back there
what is that that's up yeah the squad's
going up by the way I just checked out
what day it is it's a Tuesday so that's
fitting squad's going up on a Tuesday if
I didn't get playing a game that game
please yeah yes look at this fucking
play bro look at this plane Leroy watch
this room 126 in 3 my god
that's guys so my sister just made the
blessed meal of life look at this salad
I got my salad coz you Blake officially
on his diet and then I got nice pasta
here but on my shoes Sylvia left tea
bags in them it's supposed to be a life
hack to make them smell good honestly
these have been in there for like a week
and I think they've done a decent job so
I'm gonna wear them they'll probably
smell like shit
there's still an extra one they're
probably the smell like shit as soon as
I'm done running links to the tea bags
did their job temporarily but hey Wow
Wow so via overkill but yeah I'm gonna
head off and go grab the calendar now
and the scale so the first store I'm
gonna attempt to buy stuff from is
Staples Hey
okay so I found some calendars this one
only starts August but it's July so I
don't know if they're telling me a sign
like don't start your diet for like a
month because the calendar doesn't add
up but there are smaller ones that start
at July so I'm gonna stand still I don't
know what I'm gonna buy yet
I might have to buy a 2017 calendar even
though it's not 2017 officially yet yeah
where I could get this one I don't know
what day no this one size of July it's
kind of girly I found the last dry-erase
custom calendar also here so but then I
have to buy markers and potentially
erasers as well so or I could just make
my own on this big white thing but I
don't know yet I don't know I might do
this one it's cheaper too so this might
be the one even though this one's
smaller I like it because you can just
customize everything and I grab the
markers and then the extra cleaning kit
as well because it's all about the
things you surround yourself with if my
room is clean
and I'm organized and I get my stuff
done look how fast somebody is in
trouble I hope you're safe holy shit I
guess playing okay so I'm in the sports
section in Walmart hopefully they have a
scale around here somewhere
yoga mats everything
ah over here UFC tennis rackets no
scales yet they do have workout push-up
things literally been looking around for
the past ten minutes I'm in the pillows
section I don't know how I ended up here
I called my mom she said they would be
in the home section so I did a circle
around that whole area because I was a
goof I thought I was in the weight
section for some reason I'm at a loss I
might call her and tell her to come here
and help me but I'm gonna do one more
lap and see what happens all right I'm
in the dog toy section I don't know how
I ended up here there's dog beds around
me everywhere cat food fish food
I'm fuckin lost I'm lost yeah I need you
to come to Walmart quick and help me I'm
trying to get out of here ASAP just me
it's literally just me
okay bye the moms for the rescue so look
what I found over here apparently this
thing just goes on its own it's
literally a robot and vacuums everything
for you so you don't have to do it if
this thing exists why do these vacuums
still exist that's all I want to know if
we have technology like that we can go
to Mars you know the shit we can do that
people aren't telling me I'm cheese well
I made my mom come because I didn't want
to ask the Walmart employee where to get
skills school came all the way from home
she found it in two seconds where moms
for here they are in the toilet seat out
why did I not think of this what a what
not mean Steve right it says to triple-a
batteries and they're not included that
snake I was about to walk out with this
and I thought I'd be good but now I'm
snaked alright time to unbox this scale
take it out here this is not work all
right
unboxing with Wolfie yet again take it
out of the box this is a clean just
slick one look how thin this is very
couple and we have a scale this is a
blessed day
it can even switch from kilograms to
pounds which is pretty cool I'm gonna do
pounds because that's how I'm used to
doing myself stand on it oh my god so
I'm at an all-time high weight right now
I need to cut that down two guys start
eating healthy so what month is is July
right now so we're just gonna write July
at the top customized nice July well it
comes after 17 you wouldn't know you
haven't reached that age yet true the
most important thing on the calendar
what I bought this for today is my diet
so every day that I eat clean and I work
out I'm gonna put a nice big red X on
the calendar so it's the fifth you know
what we got that eggs I get to put the X
there and then hopefully the rest of the
days for the month are gonna be X's I'm
gonna try and do it every single day and
eat way better than I've been
because I've been eating fast food like
so I need to put it up somewhere in my
room that I will not forget I think
that's a good spot right on the wall
right in front of my computer boom
that's not ok fuck it
that is not even but it'll do that will
have to do because it's sticky and
that's not going out now so how much do
you weigh so yeah so tap it tap it step
on a little harder
and then that there you go how much do
you weigh I'm guessing 110 108 Sylvio
weighs 180 pounds I guess how much I
weigh guys everyone comment down below
how much you think I weight right now
and I'm going to show you how much I
weigh it's pathetic I'll give you a hint
I'm 6 foot 5 ok I'm 6 foot 5 so just
take that into account because
definitely if you're taller than you
probably way more but leave your comment
down below I'm gonna show you how much I
weigh right now
244 pounds I weight more than W Silvia
I'm not even talking with a letter W I
mean W two and a half my weight two and
a half of you know it's no more muscle
but they will be soon I just put this up
and look what Silvia added by Silvia
flowers take Silvia on a date and in how
many days is that six days by Silvia a
puppy you're not getting a puppy just
stop just give up on it puppy just give
up on it anyways I'm gonna end the vlog
off here I'm gonna spend the rest of the
night with Silvia if you guys enjoyed
make sure to give it a big thumbs up we
don't wait 6 K anymore I want 7,000
likes on this video I know you guys can
do it wolf fans insane and also if you
guys made it this far in the vlog I want
you guys to comment comment you can do
it Wolfie because I need all the
motivation I can get right now because
I'm starting a new journey in my life I
used to be so DS that now I'm so not
being the fact but I'm gonna lose the
weight we got this guy's
comment down below and I will see you
guys soon on more Wolfie but we stay a
little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always stay savage
