hey yo what give us your boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie I hope you
guys are having a blast date today
because you know I'm a pretty blessed
morning so far yes
you're not going outside this morning
I'm going to Walmart to pick up some
video supplies I think I'm shooting a
video with David I don't know if we're
filming a video for his channel too but
were filming one for my channel today
last night DJ just hit a hundred
thousand subscribers so that means all
of our bow is above a hundred
motherfucking K subscribers really let's
go Cleo you're not lit you're not let
you are not lit you're cute though but
basically now that DJ is creeping up on
me I feel the need to grind harder now
that we're all moving like a squat whose
girl is this whose girl is this welcome
back to my sister he's back he didn't
get murdered back your Candace fuck I
know anyways basically we're all moving
like a fucking squad so hopefully we can
all hit him oh by 2017 that would be
amazing
that would be dope as fuck I forgot to
take you guys in Walmart with me because
I forgot my camera it slipped out of my
pocket I was panicking for my life but
don't worry I'm back I just grabbed
everything I needed that Walmart and now
we're probably gonna go fill in the
video just after we eat some food when
you have to pretend that you're looking
for food so that you can just take the
chopsticks and cut Walmart you didn't
have chopsticks at least we didn't find
the chopsticks so we had to go keep some
bread of it shut up to these kids riding
on the front of the peg on a bike that
is the throwback gold a what's good
these guys had no clue the fuck I was
you keep driving
you shot alright guys as you can see I
just filmed a banger video for the main
channel there's grapes over here M&Ms
water bottle chopsticks
those quarters were just in my nose you
got a sweaty Wolfie here kind of sweaty
day with hairy messy bed
I just everything sounds a little wrong
right now but we just felt a good video
basically I was contemplating on whether
or not I should throw these quarters out
but now I was like nah I could use a car
wash so I'm gonna go even though they
were in my nose I'm just gonna wash them
off quick throw them in the car wash
machine and get my car washed for the
vlog in the vlog for the vlog attempt
over block for the hurdle it's clear
minds for the vlog joke for the block
for the block fool get you thrown the
wall Oh how's it feel it is fucking
ridiculously hot outside it's 32 degrees
Celsius I don't know what that is in
Fahrenheit I'll pop it on the screen
right now but yo it is boiling outside
right now ah holy fuck
the outside of my car is literally so
hard out hey I'm going to David's right
now we're gonna go chill he has to film
a bit of his video so I'm just gonna
chill and edit there for a bit while he
finishes up and then we're gonna go to
the boys house and celebrate cuz DJ just
hit 100k subscribers like I said elbow
is all above 100 grand now and Jay just
ended the guzzle yesterday so it's a big
fucking day for elbow so I'm excited
because warheads are fucking sour and if
this is your fucking walking over I'm
Fred
how about here why are you hiding over
there why are you in that corner by
yourself I come over here right it's
looking at the corner did you find
something market what are you doing over
here
well it's on the phone so good phone is
still good so me and Dave just wash my
car and look at how hot the fucking
temperature is oh you just saw that
literally it was just so hot that I
couldn't use my phone the temperature
thing came up saying it was too hot holy
crap you know it takes money to make
money
got to fill my baby up gotta fill up a
thirty thirty bucks on the dot
oh I fucked myself oh you get it no if
you do one you can't yeah you can come
on give me this fill it up boy what
it ain't full yet oh you'll see I'm
ready
oh shit well if I have a gas leakage in
my car it's your fault
so we're stopping at the gas station
because honestly you guys saw I use my
black ice
but David uses this new car scent and
the two of those sons mixed together
makes the ultimate sense so I'm a cop
like 20 of those right now and a red box
of tired new car scent peachy peach you
know judging by the quantity black ice
is the most popular black ice is love
popular it's all I got but new car
scents bless so like I said I'm coughing
a bunch now a Red Bull I left my keys in
a lip hopefully no one steals it get a
big red book cuz I'm really thirsty
we are good all I gotta say is what are
those how do you use it up with that
much to the point where it is literally
like
that that's unusable what fuck having a
likkle squad edit session and Sylvia is
texting me Sylvia is freaking out
because it's her first time on like one
of those double-decker buses and like
she is mad anxiety all of a sudden right
her Buster Buster at like decided to use
a double-decker bus and not to mention
the windows don't freakin open right it
always smells like complete ass how you
seeing that
how do you see my text but what you said
yeah I've gone into my car no I didn't
how did I sit are you being serious
you've actually said that pouted for
what like he is your shit on my car
I just didn't seeing your text no you
have it what's going on big house you
just gotta call right now did you how
about if you get my text it's good
sneaks dude even looking my tests I
thought David had my things but it's
just on Twitter but that's literally
exactly what she sent me no Sylvia why
are you sending me the same things
you're tweeting you're a sneak like okay
this one friend those I descended Wow
girls are you sneaking I thought I was
special
oh geez the problem now I know the
secret behind girls texting
laqad romantic Sylvia is scheduled drink
on his laptop
he's fuckin air dragger this milk you
know that sucks
thank God I got one of these just in
case my keyboards to fuck up about to
FaceTime Sylvia make sure she's still
alive on this double-decker bus moral
support
oh my god it went straight to voicemail
I'm calling now FaceTime is not working
are you alive
did you get off the bus you're on the
bus though are you crying
you're good you're alive relax and I
know you're turning you're fine you're
good you get you get you get I know you
find
facetiming zoo in Galilee well watching
jazz live subscriber count' go up faster
then I don't know what goes up quick
a rocket what goes up with David's dick
yeah guy literally has gotten 700,000
subscribers in the last half a second
when you're quitting elbow we're
accepting applications today bro this
guy got 200k subs in the last 30 days so
if this keeps up job you'll be a male
before me it was nice knowing you
yeah yeah so I'm on the way to
McDonald's to do a special delivery for
Silvia I don't know if I told you guys
this before in another vlog but she's
obsessed with vanilla cones from
McDonald's so right now I'm at the boy's
house she's at home and I'm gonna go
deliver her a vanilla cone because I'm
the best boyfriend ever
literally I'm gonna deliver it and then
leave like I I'm changed the moment of
truth we're gonna see if the ice cream
machines working because you guys know
how McDonald's is it never works in the
Alegre for you hi there can I get a
vanilla cone and a 58 just and just ever
notice the vanilla gone just a vanilla
cone okay I don't need one pretty things
together Thanks
your snake the ice cream machine is in
full attack but David the snake still
all right guys we have 30 seconds we're
on our way we're short on time we're
just gonna fly down this road go go go
gotta get Sylvia to ice cream gotta get
Sylvia hair ice cream she texted me the
clock emoji so she's she's expecting it
soon hello
uber eat thank you go five stars as your
delivery thanks all right that's it all
right
now time to get cool now mom I'm leaving
goodbye ha ha ha yeah so DJ said to
surprise him with a drink for tonight
typical drink with vodka would be like
Pepsi or something but you know what I
think I might get him some tonic water
just just because pineapple water water
Oh
so feel this I know Dustin Moses team
dislike expenses out I think I'm gonna
get him Pepsi but I'm also gonna get him
tonic water just as a troll that's how
much of a troll I am let's do it yo DJ
are you down for vodka okay bless you no
one touching my salad I'm on a diet I
don't want anyone to eat this I'm
leaving it right here
why'd you tell me to blog that I see
what did you like his Chase for vodka
oh geez you didn't ask me yo what do you
normally drink with vodka
I'm cheese yo DJ what do you usually
drink with your vodka my guys chase I
got you is the only thing they had at
the start your silly time back but right
I bought that just for that little
trouble don't kill me we we actually got
tomato juice no no we got you finishing
off the night watching some wolf fam
videos gotta show love back to you guys
cuz you guys show me mad fucking love so
you guys know the deal I typed in wolfy
raps and saw the videos that have been
uploaded this week that are not my
videos and you guys have uploaded a lot
of different videos so I've been
watching them yo what's going on guys
it's me Daniel or D galaxy and I dyed my
hair we got your boy who dyed his hair
for the wolf fam this nigga dyed his
hair for your boy wolfy oh man buddy put
my snapchat up I called him over you got
it you got owned up to it and of course
I did it because I'm a snake it's not a
snake shout-out to you for actually
pulling through and dyeing your hair
because usually people comment on my
videos they think I'm not gonna comment
back but yo I always call people's Bluff
so you actually follow through shout out
to you these guys are drawing your boy
wolfy oh no what am I gonna come out as
I'm already calling it my nose is gonna
be huge
oh my god shoes look at this comment
what you who thinks is better no that
was pretty good this girl's doing an
impression of me boy wolfy hey that's
pretty good that's pretty good
Atos coochie at your boy wolfy that's
basically what you sounded like it was
pretty blessed we got more a number one
on his list that's called that's
he raps that's call or some people might
know them as more wealthy more wolfies
you know these guys are they know they
know I dropped another channel let's go
yes David parity like I shut up Davis
what's getting wolfy wraps I recently
just hit 700,000 yeah it's good a new
panel called more wolfy 2nd favorite
youtuber on this list here we go Aaron
Washington king wolfy and this guy
spares me to do challenges and mini
stuff like that I watch this guy also
let's check out his second channel which
is expires me to do challenges and then
stuff like there about watch this guy
anyways it is 1 a.m. your boy is tired
as fuck and he'd to go to sleep I don't
get enough sleep straight out but I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog if you did
make sure to give it a big thumbs up now
I don't want 6 K anymore I want 7 I was
gonna put up 6 I want 7 K thumbs up now
we've reached that level on more Wolfie
where we can ask for 7 K thumbs up and I
know we're gonna get it I know we're
gonna get it so hit that like button
right now if you haven't and also if you
guys made it this far in today's vlog I
want you guys to comment what that
lighting do because this lighting that
is on me right now is fucking blessed to
make me look like a great God in this
bitch so everyone comment down below
what that lighting do and I will reply
to as many of you as I fucking can but
that is it for today's vlog on more
Wolfie remember to stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always like oh oh
