hey what's gonna see boy a little fee
welcome back to more Wolfie we're
starting the day off fun packed filled
adventure we're cleaning my washroom
just emptied of the shower the shower
looks really clean it used to be really
dirty here this was like pure black and
you know if we're cleaning that mom's
gotta come help out because mom's just
love cleaning but look at this answer
with this I have not seen the inside of
this drawer in literally two years
minimum but I just cleaned it out
throughout like everything so I can see
inside this one this shitshow is next
why is there a glue stick in here why is
there a glue stick here
nobody knows oh no this is from my this
is from when I watched my eyebrow I
think so this cannot you know Zack you
got to own up to this stuff
why is there girl lipgloss in here that
was for a chapstick challenge eat
chopsticks challenge eat who needs this
don't know what that is eat this is for
this oh no this is to put on my nail so
I stopped I think this can stay no if
you don't absolutely need anything we're
cutting in today guys so what I do on a
Sunday afternoon clean disk drive
everyone nuts yeah cuz I can't focus
like when my room is messy when my
bathroom is messy literally it makes my
mind feel like a mess and I can't edit
until it's all clean so I'm cleaning and
then I'm gonna editing jurors enough for
putting stuff across this stuff I don't
need them anymore whose is this
Jackson's I don't know looks say a
doesn't thing nobody has used this tooth
this toothpick in years if you use that
after it's been an hour thing don't use
that it has hair on it - yes yeah the
white stuff this dress relief is to fill
this thing up it blows like some nice
smoke in my room but this one's empty so
this can go so Sylvia is reading the
comments on her latest video with me
it's her morning routine apparently a
lot of people in the comments are like
weirded out by the fact of when Sylvia
brushes her teeth I don't know I've
always brushed my teeth after I ate
breakfast but a lot of people are like
why don't you brush your teeth as soon
as you wake up and that makes no I don't
know it makes no sense to me because
like why would you brush your teeth and
then eat and get your mouth gross again
and then leave the house without
your teeth again makes more sense to me
to brush your teeth as soon as you're
about to leave the house so that you
have fresh breath for the day but I
don't know a lot of people are different
so comment down below do you brush your
teeth like as soon as you wake up or
after you eat because I do it after I
eat but apparently a lot of people don't
do that we might be weird cats
Cleo typical Cleo you're waiting to go
inside Lionel you're waiting you're
outside - you're waiting go outside
let me add it a bit move outside back in
my day I was the gum spitting champion
which means I think spit gum like
nobody's business
did that garbage can over there see how
far I am look at that pretty big
distance over here I'm about to make
that shot peep this shot ready guys
simple
let's see cuz I didn't see anything
first shot deflection there it is off
the wall no what do perfect irony gum
spitting shots gum spin trick shots of
elvira second trial and now what I loved
up and logged that one up the final gun
fire three arrows
so there's watching her TV show and she
just asked how to put on the noise
canceling but my ps4 headphones if it's
a ps4 it was it not my Bose headphones
you thought those are Bose headphones
you're running my ps4 headphones don't
cheese me you're a noob cuz those are
not bose at all oh oh my god guys this
soup my dad makes it's so blessed it has
like shrimp in it some other seafood
peppers hot peppers coconut milk yeah
boy is about tough please just leaving
the man cave for today until we have
been editing for the past 4 to 5 hours
we're both dropping our Q&A is today
couples relationship goals Q&A so it's
nice to eat catch up on the day see the
Sun before it goes down you know typical
human things alright because me and you
guys we share such a deep fuckin
connection we got to tell each other all
our deep secrets we got to show each
other and look into our lives and we
also the most important thing is we got
to show each other what's inside of our
fridge because you know a fridge says a
lot about a person if your fridge is
messy and you're probably a messy person
if your fridge is clean you're probably
a clean person but I don't know what the
fuck my fridge says about me because
look at this little fridge okay we got a
mini fridge the top level we have a
teeth whitening kit I always keep my
fridge on cold cuz it's just like my
heart it's ice cold next level we got
one empty bottle of coffee mate I don't
know why it's still in there but
apparently we don't throw things out in
my house so I'll just keep it there for
a little longer we got two bagels that
are like about to expire go moldy that
might be mold okay no that's not mold
that's a sticker
these are still good to go okay these
are still good to go on the side of my
fridge we have alcohol this is
definitely not my alcohol I don't know
who put it in there I'm too young to
drink man I've never drank drank in my
life so that's mine over here we got a
bottle of sriracha that's like leaving
some mess on the fucking wall of the
fridge this is mine this is definitely
my life oh c'mon sriracha we also got
both 2% milk which is not mine that
Sylvia's and then more coffee made this
one actually has stuff in it so that's a
plus but then when you move down to the
final level what do you see you see this
okay this is my jug for water I bought
it at Dollar Emma basically it is ass
and I need to get rid of it so how you
put this thing on it has hooks on this
side and one on the other side basically
you're supposed to just put it down like
this and then twist it so it twist it so
it locks in place and then you're
supposed to pour your liquid but look at
this when I pour my liquid too quick it
starts dripping over the side okay it's
actually fairly well right now but
usually it fails usually it just spills
everywhere so I don't want this shit
anymore I'm gonna go get a Brita water
filter because you know I need to be
drinking better clean water and this
thing is just asked so it can eat matter
of fact here's what I think about this
one stay in there fuck you I hate you
you ready finally remember those two
hats that I said I could never find your
white leather one in your other one yeah
exactly yeah they were up on my shelf so
I don't I'll take them back I have been
waiting for Sylvia for the past three
hours this girl literally took three
hours matter of fact three and a half
hours three and a half hours actually
let me check my watch four and a half
hours why do girls take years to get
ready
funny kid it's been seven hours eight
hours if you're gonna keep taking so
long I might as well read this whole
magazine 30 now it's been 25 hours so
I'm just gonna see how much of this
magazine I can get through before Sylvia
actually is ready here we go
okay so I've read through it 27 times
this is the 28th time as ridiculous I
can recite the lyrics of this magazine
that's how long you're taking inside
their marriage their explosive breakup
do you want me to recite the next lines
I've memorized it all right now like I
said inside their marriage the explosive
breakup you think I would lie to you
guys come on come on
did you just say let's go then yeah
where are you
I literally have a full gray beard by
now I have a gray beer that's how long
you've taken that Sylvia I'm literally
bald right now I'm fully bald that's a
long chuckle Sylvia I'm fully a skeleton
I'm a skeleton now I'm about to die
Sylvia I'm dead guys I never let Sylvia
drive my car but today I'm gonna let her
drive my car and just see her reaction
don't crash you're going up don't crash
you're joking go ahead go to Walmart all
right - all right you're too amped
this is Sylvia's second time driving in
her life no it's not letting her drive
my car oh my god I have my G my phone he
just never lets me drive he thinks I'm a
problem no because I've had bad
experiences with you driving Sylvia's a
bad driver it's not not the best driver
guys so far we made it out of the
neighborhood and we are safe
everything's still good
oh my god we made it she did it
we're not dead that is a success yeah
you forgot to close your window minor
mistake there you go good job these are
the Brita jugs that I'm looking for this
one's a big big big one I don't know if
I need that much but there is a lot of
them and then there's the filters that
they sell individually I don't want a
whole machine type thing or one of these
because that just takes up too much
space in my room but I do need one for
my fridge there's a blue one white one
black one green one wait why it's nice
but the green one has mad space or I
could just buy a Brita water bottle that
filters it automatically but no that's
not big enough for the fridge gold that
would look nice in your room oh that
might be perfect for what you need gold
cage pendant but your snake I just want
something for what for makeup brushes
don't fall out I'm gonna see if they
have any man purses because you know I
never thought I would come to this but
you know I'm tired of fucking having my
pockets full at all times I'm gonna see
if they have something to like put my
phone now that I bring my camera
everywhere I want to see if they have
something Hey and I might get candles
too because I do need some candles smell
the peach mango is that too strong
vanilla smell the peach mango
that's that's pretty someone that's
amazing garden rain that's not bad
either I like these because they're not
too strong like some stores they make
the candle that makes you strong so guys
they have this little machine at Walmart
and I just happen to have a loonie so
I'm gonna try and win something today
you put the coin in I don't really know
how to play all right time oh my god I'm
running out of time there's like 30
seconds go for the big stuff honey I
didn't even realize I was running out of
time
LF this game fails don't play those
games because you'll never win such a
grown up ordering food all on our own
taught her well taught her well
did you not get the receipt tell them
that let's go tell them every time she
would speak the machine always runs out
of paper and she never gets to a seat
just let the candle in the room for the
first time we got soothing spa going and
now we're gonna set up the Brita because
our IP the old thing that I threw out
that's how confident I was I knew I was
buying me one today I knew it and the
black one matches my room better anyways
all black everything legit black black
black black black black black alright
guys best unboxing on YouTube we're
unboxing the Brita filter this can be
used for infants
so Soviet can use this when she sucks on
the teats coffee juice ice cubes and
refillable water pets - you did not
clearly four when we got our puppy relax
alright guys that's the unboxing for
joining me on the channel do these
things for that builder so he just fill
it with water it's like an instrument
those are things you had anything as an
entry school you know those things that
the teacher gave you come on Jimmy you
got this wash your hands with soap and
water then remove
from bang so you fucked up we already
fucked up I gotta wash my hands sicko
now we're gonna have a beautiful nasty
Walmart hands you your father's wall
water it says note it is normal for new
filter to be wet one first open kind of
like all the girls I've been with ever
because they're always away what girls
how would it be wet like how would this
do it I don't get it bag yeah that's
kind of weird so guys I essentially
flooded my washroom over here because
this thing won't go under the sink
properly when I lift it out it's filled
everywhere on the counter take two we're
gonna have to fill it up with a sink
because for the first three pictures of
water you got to get rid of it because
it's poisonous or something so yeah it's
poisonous that's what it says it's
poisonous um I just fill it with shower
water like we're not drinking it anyway
so whatever we're filling in the shower
water why don't we first official drink
out of my new Brita filter I'll tell you
guys how it is taste test
we're good so clean it's delicious I'm
so glad I bought that it's so much
better than this shit oh it's under that
but do you guys know what I'm talking
about
you already know guys I'm ending the
night off with some overwatch Sylvia's
got her Instagram video is being edited
and stuff like this
I just dropped two videos so your boy is
feeling productive as fuck I dropped the
first Q&A with Sylvia but I got so many
questions that me and her are probably
ever you know party if you get a lot of
likes we're gonna do a part two but
check this out you know your bling King
at catching food in his mouth up busy
two in a row no that was a blob you guys
can see that - Turo
fucking shit best thing it's under your
foot oh yeah like I said today was a
productive as name I got lots done
vlogged dropped two videos edited two
videos I'm gonna periscope quick before
bed and then call it a day I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up you guys
know the deal let's hit 6k thumbs up on
this vlog and if you made it this far in
the vlog I want you guys to leave a
comment down below saying pick up the
phone Wolfie pick up the fucking phone
Wolfie
just because I said so and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage
