hey yo what's goodness your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy fucking my
friends are choosing me all the boys
were supposed to get food this morning
Dave texted me like half an hour ago
saying you know who's down to go get
food and edit all day I'm like yo Dave's
like I'm now just come over to my house
and we'll go get food bla bla then the
rest of the boys start they're down but
now Dave is at their house playing Fifa
when I'm waiting to go get food
I'm cheesed so I'm about to go just
drive my own car and not wait on this
man cuz if he's gonna choose FIFO over
will feel like fuck you Dave your elbow
look at this the wind is crazy right now
it blew over this little thing this
swingy chair in the nighttime
but yeah Zak's rolling we're going to
get food and yeah Dave I hate you a lot
of you guys always want to know my
fashion I always wear Under Armor
flip-flops and socks socks and sandals
is the combo you don't wear that you're
not the greatest of all time guys I got
the periscope going the Wolfe fam is
about to tweet at David to come outside
because this guy's keeping me waiting
I'm fucking cheese did you guys tweet at
him they're going crazy right now
everyone's messaging David David
you got like five minutes ago five
minutes just David tell the vlog that
you came outside I made it outside
Twitter notifications thank you guys
thanks guys you guys are the best
we got David yeah let's roll hey this
food is on a new level really good look
at that make my food look like a movie
make my drink look like a movie
Oh what are those Jesus you don't give
David the camera isn't that Dave where
is he first I did
oh we are watching the Italy verse Gemma
knee game and overwatch is going on in
that TV that's what's best about having
two TVs I don't watch much soccer but I
think I don't know for Germany just
because I played the war in FIFA so a
role for any of those guys got a yellow
they miss the next games stop we miss
the polymer game and they can't play
aggressive oh my God look at this replay
not a goal that such a dirty pass he
tackled him down I wouldn't let that
slide I mean it's not that bad we have
26 minutes into the game of soccer times
like 50 minutes of human time and
there's not one goal yet I think I'm
gonna watch the stands in the game quick
stop at Walmart to get some Red Bulls
because you know the squad is dying
we're all exhausted it's only like 4:00
p.m. and we're all so tired but I'm not
like a predicament because usually I go
to Costco and get like a pack of red
rains make a ripoff random Red Bull for
way cheaper but cost goes too far
yeah yeah Dave's obsessed with DVDs look
at this man he's literally shopping that
guy's shopping for DVDs on the sale
shelf guaranteed he picked something out
oh he's going in he's going in Walmart
is so trippy it's like every time you go
in and you're not looking for any help
there's like a billion employees but
every time you go in and you're looking
for help there could be 6,000 employees
and they're all busy or they're hiding
somewhere because right now like we're
waiting on guys to unlock like the
gaming shelves so that we can get like
gaming headsets or Shawn and jawed can
get a gaming headset to the like where
the employees at I don't I don't know
you tell me
like where are they nobody knows check
out this table maybe you know every time
I just want to sit on a chair and
sometimes I just don't wanna put my
laptop on my lap I just want it I just
wanted on a table because you know why
not get this table made that's
definitely a necessary purchase because
why not you know look at it it can raise
it can lower you can flip it up flip it
down perfect for homes condos apartments
dorms
I wonder what Sylvia would do if I
bought this it just brought it home this
is like yo here Bailey you need this she
would probably just be so unimpressed by
combat for her or check out the furry
mitt this is the girls posing like she's
doing boxing Hey
I'm vlogging do you wanna be on the vlog
baby on a show what's your name Phoenix
do me next
that's a blessed name do you want to
shout anyone out okay bless all my
favorite foods yeah the Phoenix guy we
met a fan in Walmart
his name's a kid named Phoenix shout out
to Phoenix yo uh I was just in Walmart
and I was vlogging and you guys didn't
see it but my camera just broke while I
was in Walmart this thing would not open
and I got shook like I was literally
about to drive to the camera store this
is my camera I use everyday so I
literally I just felt like my kid just
died literally I was stressing so we ran
out of Walmart but now it works somehow
so we're good but if that happens again
and you guys don't see videos for me for
like time I might just quit YouTube
Carly's gonna be making a GoFundMe
account so that he can get a second
camera so yes go donate some money so
that Charlie can get a second camera so
if this one breaks he can keep making
video and donate extra money so Shawn
can go into yeah I need one though I
still don't know oh yeah I'm waiting for
my mark to to come in the mail did I get
the cap I told you guys I come back to
the game when it matters we got a laggy
stream 89th minute
basically the kid is over this is one
wolf he comes to watch the game oh my
god it could not go any slower than it's
going right now I might as well be
watching a slideshow with
get into that right now the streaming
sites are going too slow so I've moved
on to the phone and watching the game on
the phone
come on over time is done it's still one
one you know what that means
penalty shootout what do you got who do
you got
I'll take care of us I'll take Germany
ten bucks I got Italy Germany look
contents is shit is guys they're
literally deciding who gets to shoot the
ball right now who gets to shoot and
when you get the opportunity to shoot
you don't fuck off you can't fuck up
this thing I shoot the fuckin pop don't
fuck up where's the fucking back
Germany on three phone you're a Buffon
Giuliana nice Eve who's he all right
lawyer
listen amid service I'm nervous
I'll even watch soccer there's no so
Germany just saved that if Germany makes
this game's over
let's go get food can I talk to you now
that you're more famous than me actually
Queen famous go yank 5k subscribe to
late to low family never suck I've seen
you at your worst you know you're
getting fat when those are dirty
don't let them how much blood I do like
well I stole that care of you all right
I'll take those you don't think I'm
gonna take why are you eating the ball
Mandy
do you know my mom's junk food chili
that you guys like sushi better than
Thai or do you like burritos better than
both are you just like junk food from
bulk burn let me know in the comments
I'm a Thai Express man myself we are
going in the store of 15 minutes before
it closes I don't know if that's rude or
not I don't think it's our rude it's
like 15 minutes two minutes okay I
understand 15 minutes getting this man
off his iPhone on the screen oz look at
all these sauces I rate this sauce I
rate sriracha of course because sriracha
days in the building I rate the peanuts
you got to put lions with this stuff is
this is what it oh my god it's leaking
oh my god
you I'm gonna yack on when he acted
stuck get stuck oh my god so that
Charlie all only goes to tax rest when
I'm like he doesn't know how to order
it's kind of lying and then this one
sriracha Dave shout out to him he the
girl this gave us three free spring
rolls because I'm pretty sure they're
just closing right now and it was either
us throwing them out what do you mean
cuz there's three of us I didn't like
yeah if we all didn't get when I
would've just said no she gave us three
three spring rolls because they're gonna
throw them out but they gave us the
house instead here we go in that plum
sauce so if you guys want free fast food
all you do is just go before it's
closing and they have to or they don't
have to but sometimes they'll give you
the leftovers
and sometimes it's a full meal like
packs of Wolfie but most of the time
they're mad because they're trying to
close up and clean up so don't go that
way
yeah but how does that free spring roll
oh shut up so I'm trying to export my
vlog right now and then I have QuickTime
open and it will not close look at this
I can't click there luckily you have a
friend that knows how to fix it Yahoo no
no no no no no
that was a great help
Eszter oh god guys my computer is fucked
right now I just want to close quick
time you can hear that fan listen okay
come on
Dave's is silent you can't really hear
the difference but crazy coming come on
leave it the big boy the big wolf
there we go yes hey these guys beat us
at FIFA so now they have to play China
and we get to be the legend we have all
90s fucking this guy has me Fang and Ren
hang look at this look at this guy sweet
fucking home alright guys I'm home now
and I'm just chilling on this couch
soaking in the fact that me and David
just lost on people when we were the
best possible team and they were like
one of the worst possible to you and
they killed us like bad nothing like we
gave up at like four or maybe even three
maybe two
we gave up after the first globe but
still literally I'm so depressed now so
I don't even know what to say
I'm jeez anyways I'm gonna end the vlog
off there I hope you guys enjoyed if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
we're going for 6,000 thumbs up because
because that pillows brown that's why I
want to hit 6000 thumbs up because the
pillows fucking Brown also if you guys
made it this far in the video to let me
know that you did comment this is the
throwback T malleable filming spot
that's a really long sentence to say but
this is the throwback T malleable
filming spot so that's what I want you
guys to comment anyways again I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see you
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always let go
