hey what's poppin it's your boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie I got Silvia
in the car we are going out to breakfast
today with the fam it's Canada Day if
you guys don't know what candidate is
basically July 1st in Canada that's like
it's like the 4th of July for you guys
essentially especially because we live
in the capital Ottawa like downtown
every year has like hundreds of
thousands of people I don't know going
there this year but just like I've been
there and it's pretty blessed literally
everyone goes there at nighttime or like
during the daytime too and it's just
crowded and then at nighttime everyone
watches the fireworks which is kind of
late and then you're supposed to kiss
when the fireworks go off either looks
like Oh got Dustin over here coming up
to breakfast so my dad's driving is
running this guy said he wants to race
me when I get my new car so I'm going to
attempt to race him today I'm gonna give
him the race finger
but you got to go outside the window on
a - Pat's Chris up there
that drives too fast
oh please say this read the last time
you get mad Sam ever was still grabbing
ass Shh that was a flashback your videos
has cracked just like it looks like a
new mall now - does they just cut like
no stone inside us no one and then
although all the signs of it so we're
going to Korres this morning for
breakfast
basically it's like a breakfast spot in
Ottawa probably around the world but I
don't know it's just like a typical
breakfast spot they have nice fruit so
they give you with every meal I just
raised my dad here and beat him
my mom was shook she didn't want to race
but lets luck cuz I'm freaking starving
so but to muck the whole store or
herself is here to cook for us
I don't know how I feel about this eggs
on a is that a creep
I just like creeps is so here we go
that's what I'm talking about right now
forget you started with the juice
smoothie a copy right away Brian never
understood flies there's been this flank
flying in the same area in the window
for the past 10 minutes Road made them
so I was deciding between this Joe
construction look three eggs three
sausages three strips of bacon and
roasted potatoes basically this but it
also comes with post is between that one
or the burrito crepe which is pretty
nice it looks delicious
so the girl just brought us this nice
maple syrup with this pure maples
awesome 75 cents each if you choose to
use a technical yeah we won't be needing
anyone that's a car when you are
candidated
out to the max like bro you have 20
flags go Flay on your front bumper
probably why he's gonna take you today
he knows why I know what bro you played
yourself look at the Canada tinker oh
I'm trying to zoom in Brie's escaping
he's running away
she has all the boats our own Ottawa
today we've done the nice rideau canal
so if someone owns a boat and you're
watching this blog feel free to text me
up let me write on your boat this is all
one house one house like that's a sick
price for this sighs yeah guys the
people of this park are playing
Quidditch you've seen it all you know
you're in a bawling neighborhood when
people are so bored that they amount to
playing Quidditch in their spare time so
this is the house that we're looking at
right now my mom wants to buy it it has
like a kitchen on the top floor multiple
parking garages is less this house is
insane I'll be down to to live here for
sure it has cameras surveillance yeah
fake this has turf don't kill me I like
this perk I was like a basketball court
volleyball or no those are badminton
nets big swing that's why this you're
insane
you want to buy this lot this lot in
this line and then just build a full
like Kingdom yeah yeah it's a nice
location if I had a billion dollars I
would literally just make this whole
neighborhood mine yeah and this house is
literally right across the neighborhood
from this little ship park a couple
swings and then a DS Park over here I
don't know how I feel about this
Quidditch team though I really don't
know how I feel about okay Sylvia stop
and play got some nice wood chips this
is a nice Park and there's more over
there what oh yeah you can see the roof
from here wow that's cool
guys if you want to learn sign language
we got it up at the top of the hill the
top of the thing top of the top of the
structure play structure you know this
one what's this what is this anything
over there bullshit I need to try that
out we definitely got to try that out
look at this relationship goals I'm
pushing us higher we're going high I
used to go so high on these swings at
Victoria Park yeah definitely that that
was definitely me I was like higher high
pushing look at I I'm surprised I didn't
break a bone on it
they literally only had it up there for
life is hoping good hey mom we'll take
it we'll take it
Harry Harry Potter Dumbledore whoa go
back no no do it and I'll spin you
I like rip my arm oh they do not spin
you okay I'm actually teamwork go no I'm
good at work all right
that nice back at splash and - mother
son father car wash special
I got this one but I'm gonna wait for
them to get that one so I'm waiting for
that guy to be done so we can have our
bonding moment of washing our cars
together this is father-and-son bonding
look at this
you're wasting water throw yeah you're
wasting your time we only have a certain
limit Charles
we're just chillin waiting for our men
to clean their cars
as usual all right Charles here in a
spray
she's fully wasting the time clean your
car
father and son washing their cars what a
precious moment
so I think the plan right now is that
we're going to go outside hey Cleo and
eat the rest of Sylvia's 100k cake more
wolfy just hid under k2 so we're
celebrating for that this cake still is
relevant right now but we're probably
gonna eat this cake
chill out the backyard for a bit with
the cats and then we're going to watch
either Independence Day or finding Dory
kind of down for finding Dory I heard
good things
Cleo Cleo come here y'all said cats
didn't listen Cleo come here yeah my
cats are trained nice my old cats go pee
and poo on the toilet so if you want to
find out about that just go to my mom's
blog that she's been writing it said
ready to cast big big font can't stop so
what are you doing ever since we started
watching fouseytube slogs this girl has
been looking for puppies that was not
true yeah it is she wants the exact
puppies she wants a dollar essentially
if you guys watch this vlog and well not
as much monkey I want a more ki I'm
pretty sure a dollar is a Yorkie muffinz
cute but I'm working so yeah she's just
looking for dogs and my mom's over there
looking for dogs and houses and I'm just
chillin
trying to find the next vine
compilation' told me my dad are trying
to do so as you guys can see girls just
look for dogs in houses 24/7 things
you're never getting and when I mom
looks for houses show them the dogs
you're looking at show them one cute dog
that you're looking at you guys decide
should I get a dog and if I get a dog
what should I name it I think I'm gonna
name it Wolfie if I got a dog it's the
dogs Wolfie jr. the dogs Wolfie jr.
straight up a puppy that would be the
dog right there look at that with the
wood we buy the habit it included we
would buy the Hat with it too because
gotta have a hat with a dog I guess I've
always been a cat guy but you know the
cats have been teasing me lately all
they do is shed hair my shit and like
never listen to me dogs actually listen
that's a step in
in direction but like this video of I
should buy a puppy if you guys yeah no
no don't say 500 thumbs up we're getting
a puppy
five hundred thousand seven five hundred
thousand we'll get a pony
I'll consider a puppy if I wrote it down
oh you're gonna get one at 500 likes
when I hit a million subscribers when I
hit a million subscribers I might buy a
puppy yeah hey that's much like I get
like a million subscribers in a day get
the fucking Wolfie WJ junior what's that
all right Wolfie jr. jr. just Wolfie jr.
we're getting a doodle I didn't want one
but that doodle matches my car so we're
getting it that's how it's gonna go
pick up a pointer is it a puppy pointer
why have I never heard of it Mandy how's
that new pointer Missy not cute either
that dog's hideous not like Harvey
Jenner I'm not down for that dog so we
just finished finding dory it was pretty
lit now we're just chillin cats are
sleeping and I'm craving Booster Juice
shoutout to Ryan for putting me on
Booster Juice the mango hurricane you
just wanted to shout the wolf mo for
going our brothers channel and
subscribing already like 30k ever you
did that so you guys are crazy
he's grateful shut up to avoid a wolf
Emma actually listened to you boy wolfy
yep just as scheduled it was supposed to
rain today and it is pouring right now
as you guys can see what is the smoke
you guys you got smoke what the fuck is
that
oh no I guess that's from the final
works they just went off people are
setting off fireworks right now and it's
pouring great day great Canada Day over
here me and Sophie are gonna go to DJ's
for a bit hang out right so via the
doors open make it to the car it's
locked I got you okay okay go it's open
its open it's over yeah
Silvia hates rain get pray Oh No hey
you're so annoying Charles I'm soaked
right now oh my god
Oh oh shit Carmilla motherfucker
let's fucking punch the light where is
that light so dangerous literally I was
out there for three seconds and I'm so
thank you so much for that look at what
that light just did to my finger it's
peelings how did you do that come on
scoffs tree yeah the next all I gotta
say guys look at that karma right there
I literally punched the light as soon as
I got in the car and I'm instantly
bleeding from that so don't scare your
girlfriend okay so I'm back from DJ's
house right now basically I didn't film
anything while we were there because we
were just talking it was me
DJ Sean and then all of our girlfriends
we were all chillin we didn't go
downtown to watch the fireworks this
year but we did put on like the firework
Channel and just watch fireworks for a
bit with no sound so I didn't really do
anything festive today but I still got a
lot done but I think I'm gonna call it
early it's 11 o'clock usually I go to
bed at like minimum 3 a.m. but tonight
I'm extremely tired because last night I
pranked my dad and I got literally like
2 hours of sleep on a couch with no
blanket like I used those pillows as my
blanket if you guys know that struggle
then thumbs up the video because fuck
that is the struggle when you're too
lazy to go get a blanket so you use the
pillows and try and cover as much of
your body as possible but you only get
like one half of your leg it sucks but
you know I I had to wake up early and I
couldn't get a comfortable sleep because
when I sleep I'm a deep sleeper and I
don't wake up so I had to do it for the
prank for you guys I did it for the wolf
femme to make sure that I got my dad's
reaction on tape but yeah it's literally
fucking like 11 not even 11:00 it's 10
54 and your boy is exhausted so I'm
gonna end the vlog here if you guys
enjoyed the vlog make sure to give it a
big thumbs up let's smash 6000 on this
vlog because we've been doing it on
almost every single blog that I've
dropped so far and if you made it this
far in the vlog comment down below I'm a
true wolf em because I want to see how
many of you actually watch the full vlog
but that's it for today on more Wolfie I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog remember
to stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always go
