hey yo what's good as your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy we're
starting the day off strong we are
counting sylvia's live subscriber count
this girl is about to hit 100k this
morning so we're not leaving the house
until she hits out of cake we got that
new fucking designer on oh my god this
is filthy 11 only not 1008 close enough
close enough three subscribers away
we got the you got the fitting song for
this moment Sylvia's here hopefully she
doesn't lose a subscriber but no see we
have to keep replaying this song until
it hits so yeah we got it we gotta put
that back hopefully this happens to have
your dance ready oh shit attempt number
five we're gonna keep going we're gonna
keep going whoa I just fucking clicked
off the video
I clicked off the video no no play now
my Internet's like yeah this is not a
nun to me oh it's a wolf that's why the
wolf is coming
the wolf is giving you good luck here
guys it's happening it's not happening
doesn't happen alright sorry you got to
99999 that's it thing to do a hundred
cakes isn't usually gonna come out there
what another digit another digit will
come out yeah gonna be coming dude let's
see this Oh
100 feet look at that in shape Congrats
so we just hit 100k next stop oh my god
we won okay hey you got another one
Wow not a common now this good yeah
after weaving fabric I have something
for you what I told Sylvia take care of
food to breakfast if she hits on okay
when she hits on a kick I hit 780 Kate
last night but yeah okay you care for
money
seven eight okay okay let's go
Lionel why I hid under kale I use that
Congrats
thanks man there you go Gomi Gomi Leo
Leo yeah we hit it yeah no thanks yeah
he's kind of like other disco yeah we're
here look in there Larrin fridge
yeah freezer okay this is where you're
asking me if I like ice cream cake oh my
god babe this is so sweet of you thank
you so much oh yeah you can eat it off
you think I can't get an entire cake I
know you can't even tie a cake have some
now but we're gonna eat breakfast first
okay we'll eat it when we come back Leo
come to breakfast let's go look at her
oh my god good yeah right here what what
spot of choice Duns it's been famous
since 1927 apparently so this is the
breakfast spot they have some dope
breakfast with the special Oh kids eat
for $3 you should eat here I know Ryan
would love this
what do you have to say I'm really
hungry morning you like this place that
we're in yeah they do have good
breakfast food
I'm gonna get a full meal I think
chicken smoked ribs goddamn I had a
burger before our member it was blessed
I think I'm probably gonna get a burger
I'm not in the mood for breakfast food
so the burger I'm getting is Dom on
cowboy burger the cowboy burger Mon no
lettuce tomato barbecue sauce bacon and
an onion ring Oh Oh Mon that sounds oh
it is getting a typical burger crispy
chicken crispy chicken burger lettuce
tomato and onion they're supposed to
come here for breakfast I need full food
right now I'm starving holy shit these
burgers actually came in surprisingly
quick got the fries a nice burger with a
knife in it let me stab Sylvia real
quick you got one two two chicken burger
look at that onion where's my onion
rings should be an old - onion rings in
there it's all about the fries so when I
was younger I used to muck all my fries
with vinegar and Cajun sauce like I
would literally drown my fries in
vinegar but now use ketchup the reason I
ketchup is because when me and Sophia
started dating she put ketchup on my
chicken nuggets I was too shy to say
anything about it so then I just forced
myself to like ketchup things you do for
bait you stop texting on our date you're
blogging
I've heard you stop texting on our date
okay three seconds into eating fries are
delicious Sylvia's back on her phone
we're breaking up so Sylvia is walking
into Tim Hortons she's getting us both
large ice caps I'm not moving out of the
car I told her like I just eat so much
food your boy is bloated I'm not moving
for like the next hour I think I'm gonna
go home take a little nap even though I
don't nap that's that's how bloated I am
right now me and Sylvia are supposed to
film both our question and answers today
are snapchat Q&A but that might have to
be pushed back just a little bit so we
can get like a little nap out it's not
the nicest day but it's still really
nice but Sylvia is super-sensitive so
she's complaining that oh it's too hot
outside but it's too cold in the stores
so they need to figure this shit out
blah blah this but yeah Sylvia's getting
us the ice caps because I ran out of
coffee mate so I can't make coffee
because I don't drink black coffee so I
need some caffeine in order to wake me
up hmm she got the ice cap she made it
in and made it out we're taking a nap
yes guys look I got home and Lionel's
panicking because he can't open the
screen door but Cleo can so he's just
like nigga let me mom Lionel stuck here
he climbed up from where she's like
thank God I'm in where do you climb up
how did he climb up climbed up the pole
Lionel's a ninja climbing up this whoa
Cleo Hey she ate a wasp she ate it
oh my god did she actually finish it it
stung her probably
I think Lionel peed himself what is this
this patch of the arraigning right there
in that one spot it sinks into the
middle why would you here cuz he was
shook you watching some KC nice tie on
my phone I have to map like I just took
like a 10 minute little nap but in order
to function for the rest of the day i
half the naps
Cleo hey Cleo Cleo tea silks cards from
the wasps I didn't I just watch inside
patrick joe' vlogs and just will go from
the fucking craziest nap of my life it
wasn't even a nap me and Sylvia fully
just passed out in this bed so I'm kind
of exhausted I wanted to get more
questions for my snapchat Q&A but like
look I'm I look dead I literally look
dead like shit what a fucking coma but I
have to wake up because I have to film
this video today because Sylvia's busy
tomorrow so we can't film it tomorrow so
just gotta slap myself
we've got wolfy shine this light in my
face hold up let me get it okay we got a
light one light turn nice light on we
will turn this light on to two lights
okay it's bright it's a little more
braids it's a nice day outside what time
is it 4:30
okay we got a grind you got a grind okay
guys so I just got so many fucking
questions from snapchat my phone froze
so I'm sending people over to Sylvia
snapchat to do the more regular
questions obviously I'm a savage so much
it's gonna be weird as fuck but hers is
gonna be actual actual factual
relationship goals serious questions in
the building and stop asking if we're
gonna have kids getting mad sense right
now married you guys wants to legit by
the time this is out you guys will have
already like sent in your questions but
like a lot of you guys just said when
are you gonna have kids how many kids
you get do you guys have sex in the ways
that is just like Noah yeah you do that
you came I have like eight-year-olds
asking me if I have some ask you
but like eating your vagina I'm raising
mini savages it just like me like 20 if
I'm eating your ass my cute little girls
that are just like me yeah go check
yourself do you love each other you're
getting merch now because there's no way
you're getting those questions actually
no I said serious ones so what happened
being the fans are finding me walking
over work for a nasty-looking
fans are running after my mom and she's
running away from them why did you show
off em love you stopped running Wow
it's not showing love I'm cheese filming
area just finished filming mine and
Sylvia's Q&A I think they went pretty
well mine was way more savage than
silliest so he is way more cute than
mine we actually answered the questions
online you just said some stupid shit
well you guys know I gotta troll your
boy wolf he's the king troll but we got
it done we took a little bit longer than
expected but we still got it done now we
have to go eat dinner because I haven't
really eaten much today other than the
food we had this morning for breakfast
look at all the time it doesn't look too
dark but it is pretty dark the Sun is
starting to come down today you got
watermelon chicken a little bit of fries
some solid here barbecue sauce peace
nothing too crazy just a little bit of
food to hold me over men the best part
ice cream cake fun fact about Sylvia is
that she doesn't like food she just eats
fruits and vegetables in candy I don't
know how but Sylvia gets full by eating
like mini chocolate bars and stuff like
that like I consider junk food not
filling I would never say this chocolate
bar filled me up I would say this cake
filled me up for this pasta but like she
legit gets full off candy this
watermelon would fill me up this
watermelon can easily fill Sylvia up
which is kind of weird you know what
Sylvia you need to hit milestones more
often come down to these milestones so
my mom is working on a blog I don't know
if you guys know what a blog is it's not
a blog it's where you just write things
down instead of actually satyam but
picture she says it's bangers hey Sylvia
you can cut the cake let me do the
honors
give the sharp knife yep and maybe a hot
no no not that me alright so yeah you're
ready to cut your custom 100,000
subscriber cake okay no let me cut it
I'm gonna cut it no yeah you're just
like dangerous right now
okay just free okay no no no no still
yeah what are you doing right now
give me not that big of a slice for now
Chris how big is a slice would you like
mine is gonna cut a bunch of slices yeah
my cutting skills are not the best but
you know he wouldn't get through the
cake absolutely disgusting why are you
leaving the watery residue ah
this cake is way too big you need to cut
it cut it cut it right oh my god Wow
though Cleo just saw a cat outside him
because she's an indoor cat when she
sees a cat that she does not know she
goes insane right Cleo you want to go
out you want to go out I know literally
like she's like purring like crazy and
she's being really like fidgety in my
hand she's like look at her trying look
out the window I take her over here
she'll try and look at the window yep
not just look up there are you looking
up there over here I know okay here you
go
I can't take you out Lee I can't do it
but good to know you're protecting me
from any cats that come peep this
editing station that Sylvia made for me
look at all these pillows going all the
way up there just so that my back can be
comfy while I'm editing like this and
then I have this little table that you
put on your lap that the laptop can rest
on nicely so I can just edit like this
it's blood set up so basically I just
searched up wolfy wraps in YouTube and
I'm watching your videos again and
basically he has two channels he you're
on more wolfy let's get it not exactly
sure I been subscribed for a year all
right show it - unicorn gamer subscribin
he's become one of my top
we got more dough shadow DeWolf your app
so we'll see what Hey
yangyang give me shoutouts out here who
are your favorite youtubers youtubers
are DJ
feet and some other ones squiggles or
fear apps that's good more awful let's
go yeah and other wise and other ones
but more we'll see you youtube.com slash
Wolfie ENT youtube.com slash more Wolfie
let's get it but that cake is making
your boy feel Merc so I think I'm gonna
end the vlog off here I'm gonna try and
edit just a bit of one of my videos
that's coming out but I'm gonna call it
for the vlog today I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog if you did make sure
to give it a big thumbs up we're gonna
hit six hey on this one because I want
6k likes that's why we're gonna hit it
wolf am 2 1 million that's the next step
in the fucking wolf fam family Direction
ass looking I don't know what I'm saying
anymore but I'm gonna go guys again I
hope you guys enjoyed and I will see you
soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always
