hey yo what's goodness your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy I'm chillin
in my room right now and I'm just
contemplating life because apparently
YouTube deleted inactive subscribers so
my main channel lost like 4,000
subscribers overnight and I was doing
really good but it's all good YouTube I
didn't want them anyways so it's fine
cuz when I looked at PewDiePie
subscriber count this guy lost like
600,000 so I didn't feel as bad so
that's just like my whole subscriber
counting he's not your favorites it's
all good right now I'm just facetiming
my brother hey son hi son yeah just
chillin my bro my mom the cats are in
here but they ran away because I wasn't
giving them any attention from recording
and playing at the same time alright
guys I'm back with some slow aerial
footage I'm filming and playing at the
same time but I'm in third and fourth
place right now I'm gonna try and get to
first on camera if I can like this man
get the fuck off me bro I'm vlogging
facetiming ryan and playing here at the
same time Jesus holy shit if you can see
guys I have the the slow Dario ad on
your slither I owe ad on on this
computer so I can zoom out I know it's
kind of cheap but you know what you got
to play the rules of the game either you
adapt with adaption thingy shout out to
Ryan or you you get murked so it goes oh
my god
hold up what just happened bro
everyone's dying on me got him hold up
I'm trying to film the best of my
abilities but I'm holding the camera
with my left hand and I would be doing
way better if I wasn't filming fucking
hell I have to set the camera oh my god
you know I'm a running take some of
those cut Wolfie plays Ricky wait I want
Marco balls head you want to chase me
Wolfman wait oh my god
Chrome not in the same world as you I'm
not in the same realm as you oh my god
hold up right I'm about to get first
give me all your fucking power bro give
me all of it I want all this power you
know I'll take some of these ones too
yeah run into me bro run into me you're
a G or run into me
yeah backup number 2 I'm second place
guys oh no guys when someone dies like
that you don't want to be too aggressive
but you do want to grab some of their
orbs so these guys as you can see green
and pink at the top left corner are
beefing I need to cut I did it oh my god
and quick tip for me I never stop
boosting I never stop boosting your boy
is always boosting peep this oh no guys
beef beef you're seeing this this is
live beef you want my head I will get
his head I just want to get this kill oh
he played himself this guy played
himself he played himself look at how
many orbs look at how many herbs oh my
god oh there's a shit show about to
happen right now I'm cutting through the
center fucking I'm lagging I'm lagging
I'm lagging I'm about to die
I'm gonna die I'm circling orange all
right Pete
r.i.p orange r.i.p orange if yeah he's
gonna died in a small guy in the circle
oh I got him that's cool all right guys
37,000 I'm not not that I'll let you
know my final score in a sec so I got
40,000 essentially but it's because I
was facetiming Ryan and you know I just
didn't feel like playing anymore
and you know this games is too fucking
easy for me so I just felt like dying
but yeah this game oh my god so I'm just
leaving my room for like the first time
today it is what time is it it's like 5
o'clock 609 609 p.m. but this is like
the second or first time I'm leaving the
room today literally when I edit my
videos I stay in my room until it's
finished I don't like taking too many
breaks I'm weird like that yes you can
see my cats are lonely they just stand
on ledges here on the ground they've
been meowing they've been meowing all
day Lionel hey I know you're hungry I'll
feed you guys click come on keep this
yep clear you want you want food
cRIO more food it's freezing it is
freezing down here the air conditionings
on feel like a troll
I'm literally leaving my room for the
first time at six watch all night
6:09 p.m. what what does life come to
lose you're in the river losing in the
doorbell let's see stop this you've been
stopped ha what did some kids just leave
a crunchy bar on my doorstep
yo what how do they know I fucking read
these bars yo fuck you you guys just saw
that okay there's a note on this
chocolate bar it says says for wolfy
raps we've been subscribed since those
are rapping days a shout-out to Jap in
Sahib I don't know how to pronounce your
names but shout-out to you guys I don't
know how you guys know I love crunchy
bars but shell it to you guys I'm gonna
go muck this hopefully you didn't put
drugs in this so I pass out or something
and then you like steal my cats or some
shit like that but thank you CooCoo
line up did you want to meet those guys
do you want to meet those guys you don't
know what's happening hey you're shook
you're like who what the fuck Cleo
you're sure you didn't protect me you
didn't even come to the door to protect
me what are you doing oh yeah I was
gonna feed you let's go gotta feed the
cat still I forgot about that final okay
off the table you know you can't stand
okay where you going
Cleo
you can't stand on the table I'll feed
you but you have to go down your spot
off the table hey come here
these cats are teasing me here you go
I think I just gave them way too much
food my mom's gonna be cheesed when she
sees this vlog she's gonna be like why
did you feed them so much
you know what mom I fed them so much cuz
you're not here that's why I do what I
want someone's at the door
did you ring the doorbell and give me
this did you deliver me this and this
note was it you for whoopie wraps we
been subscribed since those rapping days
they left it on the doorstep for me
that's nice five minutes ago should I
you did should I eat battered I'm ready
yeah I'll eat it what who gave them the
kiddo
Kimble I did they can't have that much
I told you let's see if my younger
brother graduated from university he's
got a letter right there what's in it
dad you're getting pranked next you are
not ready
you know they got literally 80k likes in
a day right you graduated hey congrats
nice Congrats I can't wait till I
graduate that should be in like ten
years
I'm 16 Wow like 14 you're my younger
brother I know but you you're a genius
oh you skipped like six grades let's see
it
I still have like 12 dates ago arts
magna cum laude did you see that was
that smart as yeah major
main Khiladi that's the top that's your
high school diploma
that's a university diploma I like guys
peep this fucking burrito or no no I'll
do that again guys peep this swamp now
now this wrong one more time guys peep
this fajita chicken cheese sour cream
you know the deal but too MUC came out
of my feeding grounds for the day and
I'm starving
so wait so we to come home some fuck
this for now
grandma is me alone
Wow look at that picture diploma boy so
Sylvia just got home and he's taking a
shower but I just checked her subscriber
count and this girl is literally about
to hit 100,000 subscribers she's about
to hit 100k and like honestly I did not
hit that too long ago so this is kind of
huge because I was like one of the first
people that initially pushed Sylvia to
do YouTube and it's just crazy how does
a hundred thousand people subscribe to
her now so obviously I gotta get her
something to celebrate and she loves ice
cream cake so I'm gonna go to Dairy
Queen and get a custom ice cream cake
for her it's gonna be a typical ice
cream cake and I'm gonna get congrats on
one hundred thousand on the cake because
she deserves it so he's been grinding
her ass off lately so I'm proud I'm
proud of my girl proud of my girl man
Dairy Queen literally closes in like
half an hour so hopefully I have time to
go there get the cake made and get them
to put icing on and everything in half
an hour
and then when I get home I'll have to
sneak in the house so that Sylvia
doesn't see me bringing in the ice cream
cake she'll probably hit 100k in the
morning so I wanted to wake up and then
I can surprise her with the cake yeah I
got she's somebody's cream cake cuz I
know you love it I got you all the best
boyfriend ever the best savage ever on
the beach the fucking best literally it
has been absolutely beautiful all day
and then as soon as I leave the house
for the first time today it starts
raining and the rains not even like a
nice rain and yes I know like I said
nice rain but I actually kind of fuck
with rain but this is just like a little
spritz like just enough to annoy you I
don't know about y'all but there is
nothing better than a nice fucking ice
cream cake from DQ Dairy Queen so that
was extremely quick you guys can see the
cake says congratulations on 100,000
subscribers let's go the whole team
right now we are on fire everyone's
gonna be at 100k in no time even Ryan
United's ways but fuck YouTube is always
like a conversation started the girl in
there was curious about like
what what Sylvia's channel was and then
I told her my channel she's probably
gonna subscribe to us both you know and
I wrote to one Mills real like you know
like it's insane so shout out to the
girl in Dairy Queen for probably
checking out and hopefully subscribing
to both of our channels but we got that
done in literally like ten minutes so
Sylvia is definitely still in the shower
we have plenty of time to get home now
I'm pulling nothing robotrucks
I'm pulling another rover charge now I
didn't wanna fuck she gave me outside
okay so let's see if I can sneak this
cake inside of the house without Sylvia
finding me just you guys hmm is it just
you guys can you open this for me
there's no space there just see it
tomorrow so I got a video coming out in
half an hour on my main channel and then
another video coming out on my vlog
channel in an hour and a half you guys
know how I promote my videos on snapchat
I'm just abusive the main thing I do on
snapchat is for all my videos so this is
behind the scenes of a master snapper I
got my two lights up at the top for
optimal lighting I got the small over
there but this is how you make a snap
hey yo what's good at your boy goofy I
got I usually don't get into one take I
usually take a bunch of cuts because I
speak too quick so take two hey yo
what's gonna cheer wolfy I'm dropping a
new video in 20 minutes so everyone get
refreshing your pages smash that like
button and leave a comment the comment
of the day it chooses me how short the
snapchats are like only 10 seconds
because I can't get what I need to get
across in those 10 seconds so I got to
do the next one
snapchat fam the comment of the day is
Thank You wolfy you'll see when you see
the video I guess but let's see if we
get 50,000 likes in the first 20 minutes
there we go so 10 minutes to my video
uploads and I just checked my live
subscriber count' I am less than 700
subscribers away from 700,000 holy shit
man like what the fuck even with YouTube
murky me a few thousand subscribers
today the wolf M is growing a hat I've
said it like a thousand times like we're
going at the stupid rate right now wolf
m-21 Mel is seeming real like this is is
insane so holy fuck let's go
let's call so vlog fam I'm a fucking
mushroom right now and I'm about to go
mission over to DJ's house but wolf is
about to hit 700 K so it's lit and yeah
I'm gonna use some data up on the on the
journey I'm taking the periscope fam
with me so if you guys haven't followed
me on periscope its wolfy raps I
periscope from time to time if you guys
want to see me live this is live
you'll Pete this I got periscope going
it's lit as fuck right now right here uh
we got a live count over here a live
count over here I literally just drove
to Giada DJ's house I just drove
literally periscope told me to drive so
I drove what ng and now uh you have a
live one
yeah exactly not wolf fams won't hit
700k guys when I was there please don't
unfold please subscribe unsubscribe
please don't do it we're so close
periscope ception 1008 1008 everyone so
the whole news on the wait oh you guys
you guys bTW you guys are snakes Oh No
you're trolls we didn't know any trolls
okay you know what
Tom periscoping and everyone keeps
unsubscribing at the last second stop
this stop this stop no I create you to
ransom oh you're not quick bro this one
is legit passes look at this don't do it
don't do it don't do it I don't know
like those I gotta get this noise hey
that's good oh we're good
Oh 700k
yeah whoopee - 1 mil looking at one Mon
alright guys I am absolutely exhausted
these moms are just playing Fifa on both
screens so I'm gonna watch them for a
bit and then head to bed but I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up thank
you for 7-under K holy shit if you
haven't followed me already follow my
periscope Wolfie wraps here it is I'm
gonna start live streaming more so be
sure to follow me on there also let's
see if we can hit 6k likes on this vlog
and that's it for today's vlog I will
see you guys probably tomorrow on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage in my main channel and as always
