hey yo what's courtesy boy wolfy welcome
back to more wolfy today we're doing
another IKEA trip I'm going with DJ and
Jack apparently they're buying desks for
their house or something like computer
desks so everyone should have their area
set up in their house pretty but yeah
these days just picking up a whip and
then I'm gonna drive there too so we
have two cars because you know like
usually stuff at IKEA you underestimate
how big it is but some of its so big
like I don't feel like getting stuck at
IKEA with my small car when we have like
four huge desks we need to bring home so
yeah we'll make it work if we got two
guys we should we should be good anyway
something creepy this morning I was
looking at my Wi-Fi because my internet
was going slow and somebody stalking me
because somebody made wolf AM Wi-Fi
network and it's like they must be close
to my house because I could have went on
it because it was like open to use with
no password or something so whoever made
that so we arrived at IKEA and there's
just a vehicle right here charging with
an electric pump that's how you know
you're balling on everybody
well you're shopping pump like what well
you're like peasants throw we're paying
for gas to legit I might feel like a
peasant right now but you know I'm not
gonna do too many puns today in IKEA
because I know I've done them overdone
them for you guys but like I'm still
vlog door give them a couple now you get
it no you get the Banger puns if I see
something that haven't got enough so
that's where you got the pencils yeah
measuring tape and then a booklet to
write stuff down so what what you're
grabbing in the store but we already
know we're grabbing so this is gonna be
a quick little trip
yo Jah did you see my new whip a Honda
I of that pun to the departure when I
step into the room I'm about to regulate
our butter regularly to their room fun
challenge if Charlie could do whatever
this he wins like you dad I'm falling
for you yeah and I'll do one right here
leave that to me leave these puns to me
Oh on fire is that the reasonable one
that's the reasonable one you just want
a regular one I think it's this one this
is the one be careful yeah just write
down the code and then put the area in
and then you can all find it downstairs
go watch this one
yo Java you subscribe to superwoman on
youtube yeah or should I say Lilly Singh
what's that season where all the leaves
fall from the trees and is it what's it
called autumn is it called autumn or
fall and don't I don't remember yo my
jokes a too damn consistency consistent
no don't don't want to be say any jokes
I'm not trying to burst out into
laughter burst
ah it's the laughter toss me the
football but to hell marry on these guys
what the hell marry on these guys we're
driving these are going I guess I'm just
gonna have to follow the leader follow
the leader
so I ended up buying something I bought
Silvia a shade for her lamp downstairs
in her room because she needed water for
a minute watch this what if you are
Simon yeah are you subscribed to calyx
guys got jokes that's a good one that's
a guy take that but yeah I got Silvia
lampshade and now we're just in the big
storage room where you have to find your
own things it's huge they literally have
numbers on the ceiling if you guys have
never been here they have numbers on the
ceiling like certain aisles certain
different things are in so we're looking
for the desks right now I think I know
where they are because I bought one
recently so I'm gonna lead the way on so
charlie is your desktop computer like ah
here we go on the desk or is it under
what do you have something on the ground
okay well then you should
in the desk aisle aisle number 30 to see
if we can find this desk
huh why watch my last vlog I use that in
my last vlog oh did you get Merc CEO bro
Gert on my level on the go on the go
puns you watch basketball you're a
Jeremy Lin Mon your snake your haste Mun
yeah it's Mun you're not my you're not
my pal buddy yeah in the bud so jatt is
showing me this new camera that he's
been using it's called the a7r Mark -
this camera is insane like he just shot
a video of me it's not lit in this room
at all but it looks like it's like the
lightest room in the world
ooh movie scene over watch on this
screen Chell on the screen these colons
between Bongo and DJ Mighty Ducks the
guys here here finish him no Mortal
Kombat oh oh jeez number one number one
ended the game low-key em
came out to support the boy Bongo at his
local soccer game yeah we were playing
nice we're signing up for a team we are
we are making a team probably for next
no no in a few months I'm guessing so
jobs gonna be on the team
bonkie easy me Sean Sean is gonna be on
the team we're gonna convince David but
David likes floor hockey so he doesn't
wanna play soccer like David come on
though like look at this football all
the way comment down below if you guys
like football or hockey better
I'm gonna guess most of you probably
like soccer just cuz I see football
comment how the game has started here we
go
we're going for blue we're going for
blue now wait not wait okay quick quick
Oh miss bong easy up here look at him
oh yeah MVP right here right here look
at him go one likkle boot goalies got it
turn out to Ali G in net look at him
Julie where's he going where is he going
but no he's going nice clear good play
bongo number one Supporter oh my god
let's get it opportunity come on yeah
ooh got the ball ooh
cut back let's go give it nice so far
bongos team is winning
two-zip so pretty blessed game so far
Oh little Drive almost got it
cut him out so I'm back at the crib
basically bongos team won 3-2 Bongo got
the final goal for his team so you know
Bongo is just the real MVP out here but
big news guys i just got verified on
youtube so that's the first thing that
will fee is verified on hopefully yes
seriously 80s and dad's verified now hey
and Dave's verified so the squad is
moving actually we're we're doing big
things right now twitter twitter twitter
doesn't matter bro I thought if you're
my friend they should all be here for
you if you want to be verified tweet out
Wolfie alright tweet if you see this
video tweet at Twitter say verify Wolfie
raps and tag me because I want to get
verified like they need to verify me so
just tweet back dad's move it on TV
let's get it but I got added so I bought
a full bag of clearance chips and I
haven't mucked one day without Oliver
food for the squad you don't get to eat
yourself apparently that's so late my
building me and Sylvia are gonna build
this the lampshade that I got here it's
pretty big and it should be hanging out
there what oh yeah we do have to get it
yeah I told you guys you would see this
eventually because we never got a
lampshade for her room as you can see
it's just bright as hell we need we're
so vias room tour is gonna be out soon
alright guys so me and Sylvia ended up
setting up the light it looks pretty
dope but it's really late right now so I
think I'm gonna call it I'm gonna go to
bed I'm exhausted it's but I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up let's
see if we can hit 6000 thumbs up and
comment down below if you want me to
bring Sophia while she's sleeping
because she's down here she's here
she says don't even think about it but
you know well fams to live these days so
I might happen so yeah sleepy sleepy
over here but yeah I'll see you guys to
a non Mar Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more servers in my main channel and
as always
