hey yo what's good at your boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie degree what
are you I just got done editing two
videos so I'm feeling nice about myself
gonna upload them later today but I'm
gonna find something something to do
today
Sofia's at work I don't know what the
guys are up to I think they're all
editing - I think we're all like all
albums dropping today so it might go
disrupt them and just make them so they
can't edit and just distract them or
something and play some literary Oh cuz
I'm a god my mom told me today she
wanted to go to the store and get some
like soil or something what the hell
why is my whole living room rearranged
this used to be over here this couch
used to be here
holy let's say you know my mom wants to
move she's like just making late color
renovations in the house she had the
backyard yeah I see her yo what are you
doing what are you trying to go soon
okay I need like 20 more minutes okay
saying me starting to vlog got my mom
interested in blogging she likes the
type I like the videotape myself ah look
at my baby are there look at my baby out
there just sitting right itself so nice
what texting you weren't what I don't
know a wind load you got pranked you got
prints I wasn't actually texting you
that was a picture it was a gift I sent
you a gift
yeah that'll never that's what the prank
is that is the that it's not actually a
message that I'm sending you and it
looks like I'm sending you a message
yes exactly
yeah okay you got ya prank if you're
seeing this firsthand guys I do not need
to FaceTime my mom today
the living legend is here she knows
where her cat food is mom you sprint
through these aisles like Usain Bolt
she's like yeah I know this one this one
Oh
going so fast you dropped it you should
get them some gourmet shreds
this isn't lamb this is braised beef
can you get them a cap at
you say you love your cats where you
never treat them to anything we should
get them another cat bed we should give
them a dog bed they need a bigger one
back at it again with the house shopping
if I enter the car with my mom you
already know we're gonna look for houses
so we're in this nice little area in in
Ottawa and she's gonna show me this one
house is something Milani a lot
apparently she wants to build a house on
it as I said yeah the new thing is to
just buy land and build your own build
your own house on a head that's it guys
I don't know if your mom's are like this
and just love looking at houses and
watching house TV shows and renovation
TV shows but this person right here
loves houses it's annoying
she loves houses and my dad loves cars
that's all he watches fucking races
where they just Gore on the track six
hundred thousand times whoo that's a
nice house
that's a dope house this exact one
that's not big enough
there's no way it's bigger we are around
the area so going for another post
office trip hopefully I have at least
one little letter in the post office
probably not gonna have one cuz I just
went recently but you know I'm still
gonna stop by you know it's not a
complete fail these days I got one
letter shout-out to uh it doesn't say a
name but y'all shut up to you you almost
spelt Auto RA you got you Doha but I
love you for sending me something so
I'll open that as soon as I get home and
then somebody sent Shawn a letter so I'm
gonna go deliver him that letter on my
way home so guys you know you're in a
neighborhood like a white person
neighborhood when everybody waves at
everyone like me and my mom are in some
random-ass neighborhood and one of the
neighbors just drove by in his Porsche
and gave us the biggest wave like he
knew us for like five years so coming to
this neighborhood that we right now
these are signs that you're in the
whitest neighborhood in the world where
everyone mows the lawn in the same day I
don't know if you guys can hear me but
the wind is crazy right now but we're
looking for soil where this is soil
we're not looking for soil we're looking
for mulch the stuff you put in your
garden around your plants I found it red
cedar mulch Brown comment down below if
you guys see the malls before me on some
Dora the explora shit do you guys see
the mulch I don't see the mulch oh my
god is it their second attempt of
fighting mulch we're now at like a
superstore a gardening place so if this
place doesn't have mulch then we've
officially given up on trying to get
mulch but I'm pretty sure there's a big
pile like right over there if you guys
can see in the distance that big big
brown pile we're looking for like that
dark brown or black mulch if we can find
it not red because red is just
really ridiculous Loki my mom is all
over the place driving today she parked
in the weirdest spot and she thought I
was parking but mom there was carts
literally in front of you so that's not
parking oh there she is let's see if she
finds it these are the hugest gardening
what plant is supposed to go on this
yoke that's like a full tree like look
at the size of me compared to this thing
it's huge
we found the most samples that's the red
one I was talking about here's the one
that's gonna be helping us today with
our 15 packs of dark mulch here they're
the darkest of the dark 1/3 thank God we
didn't take my car because I'd be pissed
he definitely gave us an extra 150
percent we get we got 16 it was supposed
to be 15 this guy miscounted you even
told him I told him I wasn't gonna say
to dig again I'm gone for 16 that's how
you save money just have a guy who
doesn't know how to count
we said we techne save 8 bucks filthy
already yeah I'm gonna bring Sean his
fan mail in a second but I just want to
see what's in mine it feels like
something there's money in it but it
also feels like there's like fur balls
in it
so if someone guys send me cat puke I'm
gonna be cheese says to wool then they
scratch it out and then they said
Charles and then they said Wolfie so I'm
assuming goes to me all right
what are these for simply cotton balls
that's what it was cotton balls don't
kill me but there's a letter in here to
- King Wolfman from Taylor and then it's
upside down okay dear King Wolfie I love
your videos you inspire me to be me so
thank you no problem Taylor Plus tell
team Apple they are amazing I send Yukon
balls to wipe off the makeup on your
nose oh geez that's the shot of the nose
okay I'll take it if it doesn't work I
am sorry you have a huge nose love your
videos one of your subs
signed by fuck you Taylor I love you but
I hate you at the same time and then you
sent me money United States honey
quarters 1 2 3 4 you sent me two dollars
in quarters from the states
next time I go to visit the states I
will buy a jr. chicken or no make
chicken that's what they're called in
the States so thank you very much Taylor
you know what only people that send me
stuff can send shots at my nose if you
send me some fan mail you can make fun
of my nose all you want but if you shit
don't make fun of my shit okay okay good
so I just got home from dropping Sean
his his letter off from the peel box and
while I was at his house he showed me
behind the scenes of his new video he's
doing a prank and it's a banner - so you
know the squad is just dropping bangers
these days so I'm sure you guys will see
that prank eventually by the time this
vlog is up the prank will be out but
also Sean reminded me that it's rib fest
today so I think I'm gonna go to rib
fest if you guys don't know what rib
fest is it's this big rib festival where
people come from all over the world to
compete on cooking the best ribs
I'm pretty sure they travel from city to
city state to state whatever but we got
it in Ottawa this week or at least this
weekend and so I'm just gonna go muck
some ribs because I haven't eaten today
and I'm star
serving and ribs seem pretty good right
now so we just parked downtown luckily
it's Sunday so parking is free Sylvia is
wearing her dress guys comment down
below if this looks like a pajama or a
dress right now we are heading to rib
fest it's like two blocks away I'm gonna
get some ribs and you guys will see I
bless they're starting here the ribs go
all the way down to way over there I
don't know what I'm gonna get after
seeing all the trophies for this one
location you wonder why it has a short
line because one over there has a really
long way it's really tough they're all
gonna be delicious but it's like where
are we gonna go so we decided on getting
Silver Bullet I think I came here the
last year but it honestly had the
shortest line and just keep those ribs
in the distance
the yelling shit mad people have way mad
people that way boys about to eat with
its yeah it's your boy so Sylvia got us
a big lemonade but check this out whose
is this you got that's you pulled pork
you can ribs
no but you can eat the ribs and then I
just got a full rack of ribs under that
let me see full rack of ribs wearing
wait I'm gonna eat one and then turn off
the vlog because I don't want to
I'll be back so irate the ribs this year
the ones we had I'd say they get like a
8 out of 10 Sylvia didn't like the ribs
there the first time she everything I'm
just not a person Hey
yeah Soviet didn't like the ribs which
is surprising I guess I have never met
someone who has not liked ribs but it's
all good some people like different food
Sylvia likes condensed milk and shit
like that so what
oh that's DJ so right now I'm gonna be
doing a Q&A in the future but you guys
are sending me an insane amount of snaps
to the point where I had to turn off you
guys being able to send me snaps so I
could open them I'm gonna try and get as
many of your snaps in the snapchat Q&A
as possible but just like know there's
thousands coming in right now so I'm
gonna try my hardest to make sure you
guys get in and if you don't get in this
one there will be more in the future
don't worry so let's see what we got
king savage sent me one so I'll open
that you know Jam bro whoa is it that
question hell no how'd you get so savage
came you and show you start dating back
you age yes we can all right guys so I
was scared to upload my video all day
because I thought YouTube subscription
boxes were broken
I literally texted Sean and David like a
billion times to just see if videos were
going in their subscription boxes but I
ended up uploading it I upload it late
like at 10:30 but it's doing really well
so I guess I'm gonna have to do the
prank of my dad next
now I'm looking forward to that now I'm
fucking looking forward to that what the
fuck am I saying but yeah that's it for
today's vlog if you guys enjoyed the
blog be sure to give it a big thumbs up
let's see if we can get six thousand
likes on more wolf because we got
fucking insanely loyal wolf em over here
and drop a comment down below if you
guys are fucking with these vlogs and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where do we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay savage
