hey you look at your boy wolfy welcome
back to more wolfy look at this mess in
my parents room it is still here I did
not clean it up yet because I didn't
have time yesterday but one of the
things I will get done today is I gotta
clean up this mess because you know I
pranked my mom so I owe it to her right
now I'm going downstairs to let Cleo out
the backyard
because in the morning I called her down
to the basement and when I call her down
to the basement she just assumes that
she gets to go outside so I owe it to
her she should be down right here she's
lying here
Cleo Cleo Cleo
watch this sit down here and wait Cleo
Cleo come here like I told you she just
assumes she gets to go out the back she
could be asleep in the top room in the
house and she will wake up just of us I
know I know I know I know let's go I'll
take you out for ten minutes ten minutes
watch she's gonna run there and she's
gonna go eat the grass because she
always does that what you want it you
want to come cuddle with me come on can
we clean she's following me look at this
oh you wanted to go outside with me I'm
in a hammock and she is with me hey all
right she doesn't want to sit these cats
are too damn confusing too damn
confusing guys if you can't tell I
literally just woke up and when I wake
up for the first two hours of the
morning my eyes don't open they're super
agent so I need some damn sunglasses
that's one of the things I wanted to buy
yesterday at the mall but I couldn't
find because if you guys can't tell I
have a big head which means I have a big
face which means normal size sunglasses
that you find out like the average store
don't fit the size of my head because
they're too small so every time I go
shopping for sunglasses I can't find
anything but I had this one pair and
they just disappeared like a week ago
and I haven't been able to find them so
I need sunglasses because it's
summertime and you just need a pair of
sunglasses and I also need flip-flops
because I have the one that goes in
between these two toes but I just want
like a flip-flop one of those typical
adidas ones it's just like a strap over
the foot instead of going through these
two toes it just goes over all the toes
so I have to get that today because I
found a nice pair yesterday and I didn't
buy them so my goal today by the end of
the day clear what are you doing alright
as long as you're safe over there is to
get sunglasses and those flip-flops
that's what I want to do and I want to
edit of course because I edit every day
but those are the two things I want or I
need to buy
today you can't see through that window
but Silvia is in that window shout out
to her because she made you boy
breakfast in bed today I just woke up
and there was a coffee and two bagels so
like relationshipgoals is fuckin Oh like
I'm just a lucky guy so guys I'm back at
the mall for the second day in a row I
was looking at a pair of flip-flops the
other day it was yesterday I think and
I'm gonna call them today that's the
first thing and then I'm gonna go to
like the little kiosk where they sell
like rip off-brand sunglasses just to
check if they have something that fits
my face and if not I'll have to take the
El and go to Costco or I'll have to just
go to sunglass hut in the mall I know
they're gonna be a little more expensive
but nothing fits my face so I just got
to deal with it the squad typical adidas
ones that's not that's not that's awful
these are kind of swag these are like
the default default ones you would get I
actually kind of rate these if I was a
ball player
I'll get them alright these were I kind
of rate the Crocs
no hey what crocks I would never wear
them in public but they're they're not
even comfy bro
these Merc them okay it's between these
and the black adidas so I ended up
getting the Under Armour ones I didn't
even take them into account before but
when you're like huge like me only
certain things fit you so you got to
make do with whatever whatever is in
your size basically so I came in here
wanting great manzetti badly but the
only ones that took my face at hopefully
so I've been wanting a pair of like
circular ray bands like this but they
just don't make them wide enough of my
face those either buy ones online but
when you buy them online it's a custom
it's like a final sale and I can't buy
anything else oh please I can return an
everything so I'm probably gonna copy oh
please it's looking like an Oakley day
these are the oak leaves I'm looking at
getting it fit my face finally sunglass
this in my face
David to re-bond Mon
swag swag these are the glasses in here
peep these eight nice little brown ones
they look way better than a black and
they've got like a nice pattern like a
leopard print prouder and if you can see
it it's kind of its kind of wavy these
fit better than the most glasses do on
me so I'm Ann Oakley man now officially
David's a Ravens man yo welcome us to
the club where Ravens and Oakley men so
me and David haven't even started
editing for the day but you know we're
already we're already over it so we're
taking a break we're about to play some
chow I only said we're gonna play one
game but we might do two if I lose we're
probably gonna do two if not three
because I'm not going out with a loss
why are you wearing your sunglasses
indoors
it's Saturday we can't be editing we
have to enjoy yeah this is our enjoying
let's play let's play Cho with our
sunglasses on just pretend like we're
outside there is actually great showing
the Sun yeah guys look at the Sun and
then that I don't know what that area is
called outside I think something like
that hi guys so there's fucking six
minutes left David's up by two he just
scored another goal but you know I'm
this team right here hurricanes coming
back give me that fucking hug
oh it's time between the camera yeah
it's even show that yeah that pass that
was a pass pass look at that he meant to
pass oh I wasn't a try
that was my shot and I think there was
like ten girls don't mind me Mickey
Mouse wears a similar outfit to me you
do kind of look like Mickey Mouse thank
you
I wore those for MC Hammer two
Halloweens ago did you wear something
bad like you want to bring it you want
to be the first to tell wrong forever I
wore those too two Halloweens ago from
MC Hammer goodwill you liked them
anyways
everyone makes sure to leave in the
comments down below happy 26th
anniversary clown Mandy and master
Charlie's dad comment that down below
and also everyone comment down below
shout out to Dustin for winning the face
of Bluesfest you're gonna be the face of
Bluesfest these fences like some model
or festival yeah so recently there's a
subway that opened 24 hours by my house
and apparently I don't know what it is
about tonight but first of all look at
this you can see Sylvia she would not
come out of the car so I had to get her
stuff because she was wearing slippers
but one of the employees Sylvia open the
door I don't have a hands no no that's
the alarm that's the alarm anyway so
yeah the guy who as soon as you get it
toasted you can tell if it's gonna fall
apart or not and right away I knew my
fucking Saab was gonna fall apart but
the guy somehow put it together I get
home it's gonna turn into silence not
looking like it is not not a chance it
is fucking all over the place I'll show
you guys when I get home but this guy
like even the guy behind me saw he
flopped hard I saw the moment of truth
look at this sub here we go
oh nice sup buddy nice nice sub I'm just
this is such a great sub this is such a
great service
so that sub ended up being like
literally like a fuckin salad to eat it
was the hardest thing to eat in the
world it literally took me like 20
minutes to eat so honestly subway I'm
kinda but it's all good I'll still come
back to in the future but guys I think
I'm gonna end the vlog off there but I
hope you guys enjoyed it if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up let's
see if we can smash 6,000 thumbs up wolf
and let's get it and I will see you guys
soon or and more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always
