good morning a yo at this werewolf II
welcome back to more wolfy right now we
were in the car we are on route to go to
see some that is insane banks is a kid
mod mod we're going to the tattoo place
I think the TGIF roads are gonna do
tic-tac-toe or do some crazy tattoos and
it's leg they both have tattoos they
both like pain they're weird
I don't know why they like pain makes is
kind of weird but uh somebody like
button before we start the blog listen
thirty five thousand likes on this vlog
because we convinced desi to stay he was
gonna leave today when I was like nah
nah nah you're staying anyways we
haven't eaten it's been four o'clock
guys I hope you're having a great day
let's get the day liddie again Erica
your you know I'll boy I miss you
I'm coming home soon okay guys so Romeo
has this thing in his tattoo place party
roulette basically you spin it and then
whatever you get you have to get on your
skin so this is what daddy's gonna get
let me get on his face 50,000 likes and
he'll let me tattoo it next time we come
alright alright alright next time is
this is the one I'm gonna get on the tip
of my eight balls and you guys know
balls are the most sensitive part on a
male's body Wolfie raps I mean they must
have checked the statistics
but try music alerts you make noises
with your penis yeah and then this one
is what rice is gonna get on his
forehead
what do you mean but by the why is that
funny is it cuz I'm Asian or sad it is
cuz he's able are you guys all I'm gonna
say is it'll meals to go the stage of
anomie Kim sees and as if dad she
brought us to this location because he
wanted to train for Jake close by it
like right across the street there's a
friggin jiu-jitsu place welcome back to
nerd trivia desi I have a few questions
can you answer them I'm ready kale
first of all these three people on there
vegeta raditz and rabbits Annapolis okay
third person down the very left bored
third person down all of them okay fine
last question of the trivia all right
who's this I don't know what this one
which one this note on this no no this
guy that one yeah oh no Meah I'll give
you a hand he starts with a be from okay
I'm sorry bro no you can win the game Oh
Joe it's funny man because if I go to
the top left I can actually win your
little dick dick on my leg you're gonna
make a dick on my legs
my god all right guys so these guys just
to the most crazy ever seen you're gonna
have to figure out what they did on
their channel everything is gonna be
blurred out in the video but just know
we came here at daytime it is now
nighttime multiple tattoos - you're
totally from gothic hair and I'm going
through spam pop my leg feels like a
bottle of Budweiser right now I want to
try one more because I want to get
actually one Italia sure yeah dude a
wheelwrights he's like yo rice is a
 he's like I can do this no problem
I want top I'm trying to get tides right
now I just need to see the pain like
we'll see what it feels like and just is
there too
we'll see you ready bro no all right
never had a cat see before okay okay oh
that's nice
that's like felt amazing can you do it
on my arm quick cuz I might I know you
no no that's printed a little bit it
when I got my tattoo and you call me a
blitzing Europe listen all right all I
have to say watch my face
just watch my face you want to call me a
 yeah the check there we go no no
not the bone not the point on the mat
the bone the bone
yo so what are we having for dinner
tonight it's like it's shirt pain and I
hate sharpie it's not as bad as you
think oh it's not as bad but I mean if
you were to keep going over the same
line now and I don't want to do it daddy
you're out that year late at night
goecart session with the boys so he's
coming oh yo I'm stressed because this
debry his actual car because he thought
he could go karting and this guy brought
his x6m shot on my old car daddy's
sleeping in the car what desi desi
literally sleeps every time you go
anywhere come on black panther what's
good come here black black yo let's go
yo are you a set of title in this place
desi melon yellow melon Ellen oh I
bought you this car cuz I know you're
coming
guys I got desi his own custom car it's
time to go all right guys so we have
like an hour and a half to kill which is
actually a ridiculously long wait time
and usually I hate waiting on I'm
impatient but they got on our case and
you guys know age of 8 and I've aged one
more time
three of my favorite games we got priced
locker
we got grabbed and winning aka the claw
game and another grounded win the
electric room and we even got a few more
things so we're gonna do an arcade video
because another one Oh time to buy all
right guys so we're starting light we're
starting on the easy claw game let's
swipe it hop here we go here we go
yeah yeah we're starting light guys
let's get it easy work easy can work
easy can work from this game of the day
first prize of the day first win of the
day let me just start chucking these are
tryin right now
on your head tuck yo first game
oh you let's just keep winning balls in
play ball second win one more guys it's
gonna tell you how good I am today
let's see if I'm having an on their top
day there's multiple balls in this area
we're just going to go dead center fly
top double ball double oh don't drop
long arms all right go go go I'm
starting to get breast with Jo go what
is this ball
stop hold under aunty oh yeah
you know there's a hack win every time
with some of the home-wind Brooke yeah
we gotta use the backward no you don't
four seconds three two one
that's a buzz right there 22 I'll take
it
okay go go go go go press it press it
press it floor it's coming it's coming
it's coming
Gabe's nice Oh Brian's old Gabe's vase
Brian's face wash nice all right face oh
that's a Miss oh yeah it's not the balls
bro you're old you're oh yeah yo got me
where ya what are you reaching for it
well games next one more place deep
space games this game got some oh yo
give one keep 2223 you'll get that down
get that down guys literally I found
this game show out to my dog David
parody this guy is the master of this
game he has won every single one of
these things like look at all these one
spongebob Patrick and Sandy like he's
literally on top so I'm good at this
game and see if how many cards I can win
this game is one of the most addicting
to watch David knows like an arcade
series again place about all you gotta
do is drop some beans and push these off
the edge here we go
here we go let's push these bad boys off
oh yeah hey yo so we're just gonna spam
it push it off
let's get sandy oh we're gonna get
scared mat-su Squidward I'm coming for
your head top you have to shoot it in
between these things go go go go
Oh Squidward you're almost mine bro you
know I'm literally spending beans here
we go in between we have to be strategic
with this next move we have to get them
so it pushes to that side so you can
knock spinner it off go yo yo yo yo yo
yo go that should be good one mark This
Is It this is it let go boom
oh he's almost off please one push one
more turn one more tune it must be a
magnet I swear this this game is hot
guys you know we need to swipe the card
multiple times and get a lot of plays
cuz this next turn is gonna be a mega
turn guys smash the like button 42 watch
this
60 at a time we're going all out you
know what here we go baby
get ready I'm dropping he'll honor 87 on
your head go come on come on come to dad
come to Daddy we got him we got him we
got him keep pushing I knew Gary I need
a I need Gary I need you I'll be very
let's go good I just get one guy's night
Jo I'm gonna swipe it I'm still asleep
it broke one two three so much friggin
today we gotta spend a little more money
I'm gonna pee bro
quit nits work that's a real friend it
takes time cheers you guys
oh my god
oh my god let's go to the county look at
all my tickets won and they gave us a
coin oh you hit you hit the machine so
many times okay I'm gonna go see if I
can claim my prize
he got all of them you have to collect
all of them to get the super card bonus
then he collected all of them
like I collected all these incentive
is that 5,000 tickets yeah because it
says
I get some prizes
Oh
so I have like five thousand five
hundred points and they have 1x4 like
five thousand it might be broken who
knows but then I get my briquette 105
thousand points let's get this going on
concentration guys 45 oh that's that's
like 43 yes so you got 45 bro I need at
least another game there's that 43
twenty-foot 40
now we got to keep on I feel like it's
about patience as soon as you start
pressing it goes a brother's a
time-limit all that now the time limit
screws you up like yeah
- and it's not 344 and H let's see it
times five
Oh same thing one more one work is where
I had like 10 seconds up so much time
left
don't even look at the time okay I'll do
three in each and see what I must time
don't hear the sound right I see those
48 48 48 48 0 push of the Flores bro I
know Jake this games for you but it's
not about strength
it's about skill and strength where's
the target no which one do I need to hit
it to the birthday you go ahead and go
like tap there it goes slowly injustice
about oh Jessie look bro I was this
bright dad she did this for like an hour
the other day like I swear non-stop for
an hour
he stole your card me I've been do I
need to see the strength
Jerome says don't don't go to a row
you've got like tap it like that lose
your card bro you need your club holy Sh
buy your own anyways I gives back no I
missed like - I'm literally nice where
is the boys I'm gonna catch you guys on
the other side cuz I have no one to film
for me and yeah no one's filming from me
I'm oh yeah but yo just to enjoy this
five-second montage of crazy
actually you know this is me now your
big boy here we go
okay guys so here we go let's get ready
first three third place not bad Fraser
beat me by a little bit and Jay actually
came first Charlotte caught me off a
billion times you drive a Lambo you came
last race number two let's get it jeez
me and me and Jay one and two again you
know can we just get faster cars because
like people are cutting us off the track
one and two again okay guys final race
of the day we just finished racing if I
read the scoreboard correctly guys it
doesn't matter about the first two
rounds I think I got the record of the
day and first place in this race let's
go check that that was a crazy race
daddy's back average twenty one time I'm
eight you know first I got a Jay 19 6
mommies we're all done the recent can
gummy bear still hasn't got off the
track you know Gabe what happened bet
she came last every race and he drives a
Lambo right behind him like this
swerving row who was it of you that
daddy like in from tomorrow and
then almost body lead
take until the last two laps Charlotte
was the first ball no she was in swear
to God
I saw Charlotte out there I was like no
wait I swear to God up until the last
two laps then I got it and my good deed
of the day guys you know like sometimes
you leave money in machines so that
people find it watch this when someone
goes to buy a card I'm gonna leave my
card with fifty dollars already in it
there you go
shut it who finds that it's a one just
one to the three-year like over there
somewhere
this is TT I also won a game in bought
Jo in mini board I won the game
okay we won d literally like the best
arcade game in there roll the clip
yeah we actually won yeah hate the
ceiling days
this cost me two books in the ER okay
whoa geez that was a friggin
exciting day so much today we went to
the tattoo place I got the wrath of the
tattoo on me and my chest is now marked
the up like my chest is bloody
literally Romeo actually went off on
that races next stop everybody everybody
got some done to them today including
getting spanked and go-karting by your
boy I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog I'm
gonna end it off there because I'll do
my laundry do some big boy stuff clean
his room it's a frigging mess because
everyone just keeps coming here and
playing for tonight even look at this
there's now one two monitors two ps4
because people keep coming into play but
yo it's a vibe smash 35,000 likes on
this vlog if you enjoyed it obviously my
past couple of logs have been killing it
so like gang go down and hit that like
button do not forget to subscribe to
join the wolf em and join the most
savage out here are no
longer soft Wolfie we're only savage
Wolfie so there's gonna be some puppets
in the next few weeks that you don't
want to miss make sure to hit that Bell
to turn the post notifications on so you
don't miss that
I gotta go shave my mustache I love you
guys please stay a little more snappers
my me channel and as always stay Savage
