what does fve stand for what is on the
channel welcome back to more won't be
holy look at all of this stuff what
the hell
we go for like a month and this is all
the stuff that builds up on the table
guys this isn't even p.o box stuff
because I closed the PIO box to pol box
opening soon but yo Silvia you need to
chill stop getting sent stuff anyways as
you guys can tell by the background we
are back in beautiful Ottawa we're back
home because it's Christmas season it's
holiday season happy holidays to
everyone watching this vlog hope you
guys are having a amazing day
smash the like button because the Ottawa
blogs are always super late you guys
always show so much love on these vlogs
so before we even begin boom boom
boo-boom boo-boom boo-boom boo-boom hit
that like button I said thirty five
thousand likes on this vlog anyways last
night was a bit of a movie it was hard
to say goodbye to the cloud host but we
did queue the clip another day another
dollar guys we are out of this house
right now because we gotta head home for
Christmas
I definitely have a bit of a problem
with packing you can see the micro like
I was saying before my microphone broke
guys literally I have a problem with
packing and that is that I pack
everything that I have anywhere I go so
even though I know I'm coming back I
just like to know all my selection of
clothing is with me wherever I go so I
should be going back with like one
suitcase back but I've got one suitcase
two suitcases and my duffel bag and my
backpack on top of my back fully packed
this is ridiculous anyways me and Ryan I
headed over to Sylvia's Airbnb right now
because you have to drop some stuff off
there I'm gonna be keeping some stuff
there when I go back to Ottawa and we're
doing a night flight tonight life hack
night flights are the best flights to do
especially for like vloggers like me
because you don't miss any days when
you're vlogging but you still can fly
across the country of the world and
sleep at the same time so I'm gonna be
Kayode I'm taking a sleeping pill on
that frigging plane and I'm trying to
pass out but we also gotta bring Prince
home Prince I love you buddy this is
gonna be hard
one more time buddy I was just talking
about you at my house what are you doing
hey are you ready to travel are you
ready to travel who seems hyper guys I
don't know if this is gonna be a good
shower buddy we have some medication
that the vet prescribed to us for Prince
to take him on the airplane didn't
really work last time
but we found a trick you also
recommended a bat didn't work cut a
gravol into four pieces and give him
like one-fourth of it right
Jesus Christ cut it into four pieces and
he should be sleepy so that really
worked the last time also because we're
flying late the flight already got
delayed from 10:30 to 11:30 so I'm
thinking he's gonna be tired Sylvia's
been playing with him all day
so yes he's hyper because he saw me but
I think in like an hour so when we get
into the airport this guy's gonna be
schlump so Sylvia stuff is here my
stuff's packed right stuff packed we
have this was behaving at the airport
Prince this guy is so distracted by his
bone nothing is the meat stick needs
take a look in there good boy Prince be
there the airport this is a mark thing
Wow
compared to the Ottawa skin zone this
place has like dog watering bulls hose
so I'm going to clean up your poop or
fire hydrants so they can go pee princes
age and this one is physically outside -
this is crazy
this is a huge upgrade from Ottawa
because in Ottawa we only have like a
small station and it's kind of Dookie
and I should be watching my feet Prince
go
pretty good boy we did this massive
airplane there's another dog Prince is a
rat because he hates other dogs come on
Prince smell the pee make your dad proud
okay don't make your dad proud man our
plate is the latest but you know what is
making moves like Lebanon have any worse
literally there's no see even behind us
we can barely even recline the seat but
she's got a seat
Ryan's not even with us because we
booked at a different time than him
we had such dope seats on yesterday's
plate but I literally when I have
something in my mind I was like yo I
need to come home today so Sylvia's
pissed I couldn't wait one day and
that's what happens guys sometimes you
play yourself but we're on the flight
you guys know what time it is
Keio time
so to quickly explain things actually
guys you need to see this before I
couldn't the explain things this is what
we call snow guys this is oh my god I'm
cleaning my shoes in the snow because
this is what we have in Ottawa snow snow
snow snow snow we don't have that in LA
anyways to quickly explain what happened
last night basically we had a night
flight I love taking my place because I
pass out like I said I don't feel anti
productive I feel very productive
because I'm sleeping when I should be
sleeping I drank one of those dream
waters to pass out our flight was
supposed to be at 10:30 literally right
before about to head out to the airport
I get a message saying yo your flights
been delayed by an hour so I'm like ok
our flights been delayed by an hour no
big deal we're still gonna make the
second flight because it's two flights
back to Ottawa from LA 1 to Toronto
then Toronto to Ottawa so I was chilling
but then when we actually got to LAX and
we were trying to fly out of LAX people
were taking their sweet time and it got
delayed even further so it got delayed a
total of two hours so when we actually
touched down in Toronto to go to Ottawa
our flight had already left and me and
so we were panicking because I had so
much stuff in my luggage like there's
only so much stuff you can bring in your
carry-on I had to full packed luggage
bags Christmas gifts don't worry about
it
to bring to Ottawa and I could not lose
that stuff like that stuff is
irreplaceable so I was kind of panicking
because I was like where the hell is my
luggage gonna go but as soon as me and
Sylvia got through one of the gates the
girl called our name she's like yo did
you guys come from LAX you got a new
flight the newer flight they put us on
was like in half an hour which was good
but it wasn't a guaranteed spot I was
like you're on standby so if there's
extra room on the plane we're gonna get
you on it so I walked up to the girl as
a yo can we get on the plane and then
she's like go sit down I was like okay
then we had to pull the guilt trip we I
told Sylvia's like go walk up with
Prince and tell her we have a dog
because we have a dog and there was
nowhere for Prince to pee in the airport
so she did that we got on the plane and
we are back finally it was like a long
journey I'm sorry if I bored you guys
with that story but don't worry that
this vlog is gonna be super entertaining
because a I get to see my baby Wolfie
jr. again my son we get to reunite him
with Prince and we are going to go
Christmas shopping and car shopping
literally you guys are probably
wondering
Wolfie why do you need a new car well
there's been some complications with my
car you guys know the car I mean it's in
the can check the statistics video poop
it's a pimp cards
no car but there's been some
complications so we are going to need
something new and DJ and Bongo are
actually coming back from Toronto today
they're driving and bongos my main man
when it comes to cars so he might come I
don't know it's gonna be a busy day but
enjoy the vlog let's get it to it
into the house
just play finally now that the brothers
are reunited I could get on with my date
so first things first obviously I had to
pick up my order of a large french
vanilla with a shot of espresso in it
it's a life hack guys french vanilla
czar amazing but they don't have enough
caffeine to wake me up and you guys know
I'm the caffeine God like I'm addicted
to that so have that next up right here
shawarma palace my Bret's gonna smell
like ox for the day so I apologize to
any wolf and that I may meet at the mall
cuz that's where I'm going but I need to
do it obviously I'm in Ottawa swarmers
are known here so let's get it oh my god
guys this is crack literally I'm so apes
to eat this and what I'm even more HD is
the tomatoes that I didn't ask for they
got put on here
every time guys what did I tell you
without failure it is what it is I'm
gonna learn to like tomatoes one day or
another but never give me what I want
first store is Nordstrom we're shopping
for my mom and my dad I know my mom my
dad both watch my vlogs like that huge
more Wolfie fan I'm the biggest one
there the second and third but the
problem is because they watch them I
can't show you guys exactly what I'm
getting but just know I'm in like a
general section of the store shopping
for my mom first Sylvia has the list of
what she's looking for
Sylvia's gonna do all the shopping I'm
just here to follow because girls know
what girls like
yeah thank guys know what guys like my
dad do you have everything what do you
get someone who has everything
Tess just know all your gifts even if
they're from Charlie I knew exactly what
my mom money I think my mom would like
these giant boots not she'll kill
herself so he picked out the first gift
for our mom we got the right size I
think it's the right size Sylvia asked
about it so it should be the right size
second gift
Sylvia literally has this employee
leading her around the store I'm just
following like the boyfriend I'm letting
the girls do the girl work and yo this
is my mood at all times guys Pete this
 mannequin that's me
I'm not supposed to be Christmas
shopping for myself but I found this and
this is a dirty material it's like worn
down camel I'm kind of ASA this right
here yo you could buy me this Christmas
present early early psych that's too
small I have a present in my hand that's
all I'm gonna show you guys I'm not
gonna show you any more than that we are
trying to get the hell out of here
commission-based place is that like
everyone's a vulture everyone's trying
to cash us out and I'm just trying to
cash me outside how about that day
anyways we have another purchase add it
to the list
I'm up to something all these bags we
are sweating sweaty two more stores to
go do in this mall and then there's like
two more stores back in we're kind of
where my parents live something for my
sister and something for my mom
so get ready Christmas shopping is a
workout a workout I'm fully sweating
everyone I'm wearing a jacket
and we have like a hundred bags look at
these pretty decorations in the Rideau
center so Christmas Eve even celebrated
TV almost done shopping we just left the
mall there's so much stuff my trunk
right now it's absolutely packed to the
brim I don't even know like I love
giving guys get back to those you love
obviously little life lessons with
Wolfie last Christmas it was so
emotional because like I never really
had like the money to buy anybody
anything for like my whole life so it
was very emotional I cried last
Christmas not gonna cry this Christmas
okay less emotion
hopefully
right but I'm just getting everybody
close to me and my family something that
I think they would like and obviously
they can appreciate it because it's from
me and I'm not like a gift giver so now
I'm a gift giver because I'm a nice guy
wolfy Santa wolf santa wolf we have two
spots left to go and then that should be
it which is actually a record for me
buying everything for Christmas in one
day but at least like we're early you
know what I mean like it's a it's a xx
xx today or 21st no it's the 21st couple
days till Christmas usually I would do
it on like the 23rd improvements anyways
let's go to these last two stores do we
get hold up what is this what is this
what is I the target defeat shot on my
mom forgiven the worst directions ever
in this store
literally mom don't watch this part of
the blog you literally she's like yo
there's some pullover thing in the back
left corner of the store on top of
something oh my god it's gonna take
forever
she's got me in Sylvia hunting right now
I don't know why she'd just get the name
of the friggin product I wasn't saying
back left corner under the bridge
these look comfy though I think we found
the right thing that my mom wanted to go
we're good to go
what
all right looks like we're alone bear
onesie shopping oh this is actually mad
cute god damn those baby socks take up a
lot of room they actually look way
smaller in person but when you throw
them in the bag they're huge like look
at this this is wolfies first driving
lesson on the way home guys he's
officially more experienced in Ryan's
ways I think he's gonna get his g2
before Ryan SWE's does rumor has it and
I think he might get his car next week
right Wolfie
okay don't pay attention pay that just
obliga Mayer focus on the road Wolfie
straight ahead Wolfie trade ahead all
right this is very bad Wolfie I put your
harness on you to buckle you into this
evil guys he missed me so much that like
literally I just went to pee in the
house and he stalked me everywhere and
they're smelly that's how you know I got
my Blind Luck Prince Your mutt I don't
want you actually Sylvia Prince is a
mama's boy he's darling I get that
easily this is a mama's boy new boarding
okay what drives safe seriously look who
it is
you want to talk all that online I see
you talking just go bro don't worry
about that this guy isn't talking about
these talk bears these guys are talking
bitch as a talking fish the second is
time coming yeah he's coming I just need
heat to come back who am i firing at big
shack big shacks old
big shocker ooh that's not big Shack so
you know I'm back in town boys you know
that means yeah these are gonna go up
let's get it let's go holy you already
know we have to pull up got my main
negotiator with me Bongo because can't
get a car without this but yo I'm I
don't even know what to tell you guys
just know this the four rings it's like
some Olympics
let's see what they got I'm up to
something oh my god this is a beautiful
car this color but to look at this car
is dumb this car is dumb I do like it
more than an SUV I really like this one
guys I don't know what to tell you went
in there came up with a paper I didn't
sign anything obviously well I'm just
like I'm shopping around I already was
the first place I had to come just cuz
I've been craving a certain car might be
the car you saw might not be the car you
saw I'm excited though boys you know
where I saw you here whoa
you know where I saw you here this is an
important moment in my career
no no Brian stop concerned those rumors
yeah Brian is over crying bro you guys
are next up listen up what is fve stand
for it by Mongo doesn't know
somebody say finebros what is on the
channel what videos get the most views
on their channel is it youtubers react
kids react battles react or like what is
it
seniors react or teens react okay what
was the original series
okay kids react and your kids shut up
you're a kid your kid your kid no no you
guys are kid you guys are kids okay cuz
I need you I need you
that is you so these are technically
kids
okay anyways I was on the channel I was
on the channel as I said I was on the
channel so I want you guys to react to
me on the channel so then I can title
this kids react to it no me reacting on
the kids reacting to what roll the clip
no okay yo I don't only gives you to
skim through it because I'm the
thumbnail right there yes you are friend
Center dead in the middle of that
thumbnail and bro it to be honest you
make this piece looking at views out
here and I'm seeing a bunch of 200s and
I see a nice one point wake it up no
well I made it for them they cut the
clip and put that in there yeah it look
like you are doing as so you come on you
already comment on the video but you see
your cousin will see anyways go on go on
you didn't even comic right in karma
Greg why not okoma Greg no I'll do for
you no no yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay
okay so just just watch two seconds of
it watch two seconds of the video
yeah
well that's me yeah yeah but they look
way different without makeup on you look
at their dad that's actually nothing
I'm Wayne no no listen watch this that's
it that's all I need you guys for I
don't need you guys I don't need you
guys I have the title and thumbnail what
tell me my outfit wasn't the wittiest in
that go to me talking about I'm trying
to play through the bother is all that's
a nice chunky one so they asked me that
question I was like what anyways how to
play a PG for that the other guys he
snapped me of the gamer - broke we just
stopped seeing an SI fan this guy
without what a oh yeah he snapped
anyways that is no easy mini life no
because there are many many many mini
lads I
zero anyways guys I hope you enjoyed
that next scene
another day another blog literally the
whole purpose of today is to find a car
kind of my dream car kind of not really
my dream car like I just need a new car
there's a reason I need it and I've been
holding off on that reason but just know
that there is a reason so I'm gonna go
pick up my dad right now Wonderwall go
yesterday but this is like I don't know
like I'm in a pretty big rush to do this
cuz I'm always in a rush so my dad knows
a lot about cars Bongo can't come today
so me and my dad are gonna go on like a
father-and-son date slash go look at
cars together which is like my dad's a
said that I don't know hope you guys are
having a good day obviously it's still
freezing in Ottawa still snow everywhere
I mean just a regular camo by Wolfie
where you going whoopee what are you
doing Wolfie you can't come with me I
gotta go what are you did Whoopie no no
no no you're not coming with me
this guy literally stalks me I know
you're daddy's boy yeah yeah
you're not coming wolf you can't come
he's mean he's like it's a boy's trip
okay so you gotta get him this trippin
you missed me guys you could tell my son
miss me give me kiss good boy how are
your breath stinks why well you guys
already know what time it is my kicks
guys listen you mustn I saw the writing
on the side I wore those ingredients
yeah they existed but they didn't exist
with off-white collab and the different
colored laces didn't exist you just saw
the white laces so you'll peep the kicks
I'm rocking today guys the Blazers
everybody just took their original black
laces out doc although they come with
all the laces they come in they come
with all these give me what no I don't
have it every human we can get you some
of those value feel that you don't leave
those smashed delinquent if you want
another son mother-father guessing
outfit cost video that was a bang and I
have so much more clothes since we
started that video so you owe Pete this
these can be maybe in the video how much
you think these are I don't know that's
like how much do you think anything over
by kogo
your shoes are worth more than five how
much do you think they are actually I
have no idea okay guess that to one go
1,500 all right let's go shopping
God the Timmy's I'm gonna need this
because this is gonna be a long day we
out here but honestly I think these are
little girly cars I don't know we'll see
looking at cars this so pro one car what
you want me to get one Mercedes bro this
guy doesn't have an open mind he's
pushing me on one car even though
another car is available I just don't
want you to get the battleship he says
one car that I like is like way too big
but he needs to understand I'm six foot
five and I'm not getting an SUV this
time guys I want a car so we're going
outside to go sit in the car now and
I'll update you I'm not gonna show you
the car what are we about to try I'm
just checking cars for space right now
guys this is not the car I'm getting but
we'll see the space in it the black and
red guts alert holy it's cold swear you
don't try cars at me and I hate huh I
mean I'm gonna have to get used to
Mercedes stuff being on the side of the
car they were the windshield should be
how's the space next up Volvo actually
no it's right beside Volvo we have two
Range Rover alert do I pick the right of
the range of the big one a show a race
god dammit like I'm so indecisive about
this guys I don't even know what the
 I want anymore
okay we're back at the house now don't
know what the hell just happened we've
been out since morning
it is now night it's so dark outside but
uh I don't know we saw a bunch of
different car options I literally am so
indecisive when it comes to this I've
always been indecisive that's why I like
I literally might what indecisive about
big purchases usually I'm very quick to
decide but big purchases no that's all
that's all that's all
ah and I want to ask you guys cuz
obviously your opinion matters but like
at the same time this is for me and I I
don't know if I asked you guys you just
do Beowulf you get a Lambo and that's
like so overrated like every youtuber
has a Lambo I don't want
Lambo I want something unique that's
obviously a nice driving car there like
not many people have because I like I
like to be unique that's not a Lambo
that's not a Ferrari I don't know I
don't know comment down below and maybe
I'll look at some of the comments in
this glove because I'm very like I don't
know if you know about cars I would
appreciate your comments if you don't
know about cars then your oh.what be
practical minded youtuber yeah be a prat
no that's what I'm trying to be I'm
trying to be practical minded but I know
the wolf has gonna be a gear savage get
a Bugatti yeah that some people don't
you know that is be reasonable think
like what's gonna what's gonna work for
me I don't know I got a P until I make a
decision I'll eat this Pizza Pizza guys
this is the best pizza I don't care what
anyone says the dipping sauce this
garlic dipping sauce is like literally
ridiculously good and it's sad that
Americans don't have it it really is
because Americans need to try this
wolfram I just made a discovery after
eating my salad it made me think
healthier for a second my discovery I
don't know how many of you are old
enough to get cars by cars rent cars
drive cars is that car salesmen or
 snakes listen to this literally
I went to a few dealerships today to
look for a car like that wasn't what a
day consisted of and I thought that all
cars car companies are supposed to work
together and like make a sale no matter
what regardless of if you're located on
one side of the city or the other side
of the city but you have to beware
because people are sneaks out here hiss
hiss no line for my song check the
statistics link in description Apple
music it's almost number one guys it's
number six let's get to number one
download it right now anyways the charts
be charts leeches the only shirts so as
I was saying guys I went to talk to this
guy who I thought was my friend you know
like I've talked to him before last time
I was gonna go get a car and all this
thought he was my friend and he told me
the car that like I really like there's
only two of them and the only two of
them are available at his dealership
obviously because he wants to make the
sales but I was like I literally asked
him straight up to his face I was like
hey is it possible to get out any other
dealership in the city just so I know so
I don't have to go to the other
dealerships like you can just like I
don't know like maybe sell it here or
something and then like I could go pick
it up with that dealership like can we
do that he's like no that's not possible
and then - I'm like Kate I'm a big music
guy
my
knows I listen to music in the car all
the time like I cannot drive without
music Silvia hates me for it but I blast
music I'm gonna go deaf by the time I'm
18 which should be soon so I'm still 17
but I love my music in the car so if I'm
gonna have a good car I want a good
sound system to go with it that's just
what I want and this dude actually have
the audacity to tell me that the reason
that it doesn't have the best sound
system even though it's a really
expensive car is that it weighs too much
and for a sports car like that you don't
want the extra sound because like you
want to hear the car that's what he was
telling me and I was just like yeah like
that makes sense like it cuz it does
make sense like yeah I want to hear the
engine and yeah it probably shouldn't
weigh that much if I'm driving like a
sports car but then literally me and my
dad are sitting here going through all
the options on paper here yeah yeah
you're old I know you're old me and my
dad are going through all the options my
dad here and we're literally looking
through all the options and I'm like yo
I go on this one website I'm not gonna
say the dealership website and I check
the cars and I'm like whoa these are
available but like these are the cars he
told me about so that I'm like hold the
hope God maybe there's two different
sites for the two different dealerships
even though they're the same company so
then I go on his dealership company and
I see that those are the two cars that
he explained then I go on the other
website and I'm like whoa there's like
five options I have to choose from the
ones that he didn't tell me about so
there's five I'm gonna have to go
tomorrow morning and go check these ones
add another dealership that he did tell
me about and one of them has the speaker
system that I want in it so it's like
bro you snaked me and for that I can't
forgive you I'm not gonna name names you
know who you are you're oh you're not
getting the sale anyways that kind of
ruined my whole night so now start be
negative okay follow this to negative
positivity okay yeah you're old what is
it what does that mean why can't there
be more negativity just because there's
negative people in the world is it you
have hate
yeah what do you are you raise them up
why don't you raise them up why do we
need to focus on only negative wideout
positive
everything white know white white no why
anything why not negative leads to euros
here we go guys it is time to wrap my
last presents I have a few over here I
have some in this bag already I got all
the supplies I need to wrap literally
the last like two hours I spent I don't
know guys swear I have OCD and some
diseases because yo when I get my mind
on something like I cannot stop my mind
until I'm done that thing like literally
I got a new pair of shoes and today and
like all that was on my head was yo I
need to organize my shoes so literally I
just organized all my shoes like some of
my shoes are here and I think I even
like moved my pants and everything my
closet is getting so abnormally pack
like both sides me and Silvia need to
like chill out how many clothes and
shoes we have because like this is
ridiculous but this is pack this is pack
shoes are here bare shoes here guys like
they're all packed and then I still have
more shoes like I never even like choose
like a year ago and then I just got
obsessed with it there's more shoes in
the front room as well but that's just
this is madness I need to chill on
buying shoes I really do last year I was
like yo they're just something you put
on your feet but this year guys I'm
realizing that accessory power like I'm
using my hair more as accessory now like
I don't really wear as many hats anymore
I'm realizing that your feet complements
your legs and complements whatever you
wear I got me some nice fresh joggers on
but I just got like a few new pairs of
pants into which I've aged up because
next time I go to LA I can bring those
literally it's impossible for me to
sighs find pants that fit because of my
size my height it's ridiculous but I got
literally like the nicest pants ever
sewn I know two websites where I could
buy stuff great what are you doing
birds are wolf movie coming for the vlog
c'mere c'mere can we go boy guys ever
since I got home with he's been so hyper
you don't do what that prints you don't
do that you don't do what your brother
does wolfies the most lovable dog ever
Whoopie table will be sit come on wolf
sit
alright he's panicking Whoopie sit good
boy he still listens
yeah so he wants me to finish putting
ornaments on the tree right now guys
check out the tree check out the tree
Christmas is in a couple days we got the
tree ready and yeah look at these
presents guys
oh yeah I'll get you in a sec look at
these presents literally like usually
there's never presents to last second
but this year you got some how to wrap
them literally nice I mean this is like
probably nothing compared to some of you
guys watching this I never got those
families I have thousands of presents
but I think me and Sylvie you got a bit
of our presents for everyone
we split on a couple presents because
you know we were doing presents together
this year all the presents I hope I
didn't get anything that's all
I didn't want anything guys I like
giving I don't like getting so we got
the presents done everything's coming
together and I think I might have made a
decision on the card tonight but I'll
figure that out in the morning anyways
guys I'm gonna have the vlog off there
because your boy has to edit a video for
the rest of the night if you enjoyed
this vlog if you enjoy the fact that
your boy is back in Ottawa if you join
me chillin with a bowl and the game my
doggies 35,000 likes on this vlog
comment down below it's lit awesome if
you made it this far in the vlogs
go to my Instagram boom here it is right
now on the screen Wolfie you guys do not
forget to like my most recent pics and
comment the fire emojis because from
this day on I'm gonna start shouting
people out they like my stuff and that
comment my stuff so that you guys can
get those follows you feel me close yeah
again I hope you guys enjoyed and I will
see you guys soon or more Wolfie where
we stay a little more my
