what I dropped them I was bringing them
out to my room where's Cleo in your room
why is she in my room the door shut I
don't know oh my god hey yo what's good
it's your boy Wolfie welcome back to
more Wolfie today I'm going to show you
guys behind the scenes on this sticky
note prank that I'm pulling on my mom as
you guys can see there's a lot of sticky
notes in this room right now we have
been hard at work for the past I'd say
around 2 hours
we woke up early this morning and tried
to do just this corner and then my mom
basically came home early so me and
Dustin had to quickly clean everything
up and then we had to start from scratch
again when she left to work so right now
we're coming along well my brother came
home we thought it was my mom and Sylvia
keeps pressing the things hard on the
wall so it's like bumping every time she
does I think it's my mom so like my
heart's kind of racing but uh we're
making progress we are making progress
as you can see there's a big dick first
thing my brother makes when he comes
home not bad it's going good
literally look how many things I bought
I bought way too much i overestimated we
only opened like five packs and I legit
have like 30 packs so you know what
these are shitty quality ones but we're
gonna make do with what we got you know
if there is a little extra we can always
do part two this is where we started
this corner and look at how shitty
they've been done Dustin did these I
said yeah and the best but look at this
this whole zone I did in its flawless
but I have been getting lazy no this
corner I got lazy and look at the other
ass even here there asked my new a new
as the ones they're feeling this is
looking good this is looking we're
getting on my knees around today well
you look pretty comfortable six foot
three done alright I'm gonna go see if I
can find Lionel to make sure this guy is
not gonna knock anything over
Cleo where's your bro don't come in the
room Lionel I guarantee he's just in his
cabin smirking look at him
yeah he's there Lionel hey yo buddy you
want to mess up my prank want to mess up
my prank again you are a snake now why
don't you knock over my sticky notes a
buddy guarantee he comes up just to see
what's going on legit been going on for
I'd say around two and a half hours my
brother came in made his dick and left
that's his contribution Silvia actually
is doing nice work on this wall and
Dustin is trying to do this well but
nothing sticking to this one for some
reason like some of the packs are just
like not really good packs but right now
my pack is blessed as you can tell these
ones look nice and flat but these ones
knock not so much you played yourself
mine this time I got a big marker so
we're gonna do one word per per sheet of
paper oh man all this marker is amazing
you you suck at this oh my god I played
myself drying this why do you make the
first two so work in small together was
I'm panicking I know we do I know we do
now time taking your back dude you talk
long you need a bank credit flows all
come on my mom is supposed to be home in
like 20 minutes I'm freaking out
shits attached to my foot holy fuck yo
is that you gotta tell her you need her
for something or something I don't think
kinds of tape what the dope just so I
can repeat it my mom gets out of
gratulations you plug this up BLAP now
I'm gonna loop it export oh my god bro
they're falling asking me right now
follow my mommy's get home right now Oh
that one went down she's here it's cool
yo Zack
I'll check coach literally this will be
done exporting in 58 seconds I could
have done it an easier way but this is a
good way is the way I know how to do as
an editor oh the window is like glowing
right now no no it's perfect it's good
it's good
oh well it looks like a lego room
setting a video up I think my mom's home
where is it black you are you here can
you check out my window Oh No gradually
oh my god
congratulations play you phone now you
wanna you want to get some of the action
to your brother didn't mess it up enough
the first time a Clio behind the scenes
I'm gonna have to clean this up now my
mom's Loki cleaning it up cuz she's a
mom I can do it okay you're actually
going pretty quick ah this is the tactic
like this I don't see any stars look it
whereas matches you can't see these you
have those before I was even on your
wall pointed yes
how am i name it this scratch how am I
gonna make that scratch that's okay
that's that's like a cat scratch mom
look I did Seal Island you're just
fucking up the walls you're leaving it's
me of you me and you yeah or you know me
you get clean it get cleaning guys the
problem about pranks is that you have to
clean afterwards so now they're all
gonna go behind the bed you thought
you're gonna get point that you actually
you guys think this stuff just happens
no this is a process this took four
hours and you you never leave the house
for more than twenty minutes literally
you're like you're literally like oh
yeah I got Drive tests and you knew you
were coming back so we didn't do it
earlier I knew you were gonna come back
and we had to just we had to get Zack to
text you and use find my friends just to
see your location
look Lionel's here to ruin shit after
the prank hi Lyon you're a snake see
it's a mixed up with the sticky dose
what did dad say Wow caption it's granny
whose man is this guys look at how much
sticky notes there is are you kidding me
and we still haven't cleaned up those
ones yet
but there is so many fucking sticky
notes it literally looks like a
completely new room and we still it we
can't get the ones behind the bed
because those are way too hard to reach
but if you see down there there is
definitely a shitload still behind the
bed I guess they're just gonna stay
there forever because I can't reach them
sorry dad look at this pie right that's
only fucking sticky no serious
so yeah legit my mom left she left me
and Dustin to do all the cleaning but we
cannot get the ones behind the bed and
there's also some under the bed so I
just can't reach right now I actually
have to head out to film another video
with Sean and like albo so I can't clean
everything right now I feel bad but so
now that you played yourself signs I
think I'm going to throw those out
probably get these quickly before I
leave all the way up to the front door
you should keep the pleasure sir yeah
may keep those considering I might need
those with my dad you might play
themselves soon BAM I just switch
clothes cuz I showered but yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed the behind the scenes
of the revenge sticky note prank that I
pulled on my mom if you guys enjoyed it
make sure to give the video a big thumbs
up let's see if we can hit 6000 because
because just because a wolf and that's
why also leave some prank ideas down
below because I'm probably gonna need
something to pull on my dad within the
next couple weeks and lastly I just want
to give a quick shout out to Dustin the
man the myth the legend the guy who's in
every viral video I make I want you guys
to follow a snapchat here it is all
black Nikes because I want to show
Dustin some love you know this guy
always hopes you know with my videos
never ask for anything in return and
it's just there whenever I need them so
yo everyone go follow your boy Dustin on
snapchat I'll also leave it in the
description but that's it for today's
video on more Wolfie remember to stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always
