hey yo what's good as your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy today we got
a busy day it's two o'clock in the
afternoon all morning I worked on a big
big big big prank with your boy Dustin
and we finally got it done it didn't
look good in the beginning but we just
kept going we pushed through it we got
it done so you guys will probably see
that in a few days I know you guys are
gonna fucking love it but right now I
have ten minutes to get to a spot we're
going axe throwing for a video for
Sean's channel Sean booked us in at some
axe throwing place so I'll bring you
guys along for the ride it's probably
gonna be fun I've obviously never thrown
an axe but you know I'm pretty big so
I'm down to just chuck some axes over my
head because who the fuck would not be
down for that so right now I'm looking
for the spot I think I'm lost I don't
really know where the fuck I'm going it
should be somewhere around here but like
I'm so damn hungry that I can't even
concentrate right now and literally like
one of my favorite breakfast spots is
five minutes not even like two minutes
down the road so my head is banging I
literally didn't have any time to eat
because oh is that it the home of the
axe throwing since 2006 I think I found
it
I think I found it look at these these
doors really my first throw was absolute
ass they've hit dead center in the
target over there jad hit the top of the
target and I hit almost the fence maybe
a little higher than the fence no this
is this might be the first thing I'm bad
guys we're not used to Charlie sucking
at things you know what I'm saying this
is a shocker oh now I have to die ah
feels good wanna pick two pickle
beginner's luck you got one you got one
David you got this one David yo what was
that let's go let's go Oh God oh my
danger come flying behind each yo man
okay yeah that says he hasn't been here
but your name is on the Widder here he
carved it but he says he hasn't been
here so something doesn't add up
Tiana hasn't missed the throw yet he's
been here 50
oh I just sit around and I hit four
bull's-eyes in a row and then in the
next round I hit three bull's-eyes I'm
on my team so just give me a little bit
of time to warm up you know your blue
wolf now Shawn is going against the
owner of this place
holy shit whoa oh no no no no so
everyone signs their name on these
things or over here I think I'm gonna
sign Wolfie right down here ki and G
whoa whoa feet gonna crown here
hey King Wolfie go after an ice axe
throwing session look at this we come
into a house full of sh warmers thank
you for the shawarma plates whoever
bought them no wrong is it you and you
have a ball today
I appreciate it yeah you got to make
sure the old man's fat this is a big boy
I'm saying yeah you guys are taking
taking from Bongo feed the team legit
2016 feed the fan just feed the family
yet just fuckin shwarma beef everywhere
no real beef and chicken yay thumbs up
if you want to buy that piece a hat
mum's are older legit you got a bike
yeah I'm gonna cool out here edit for a
bit and then in a few hours are gonna go
to the mall and bawl out
- ego-t Sally oh boy
okay
I absolutely have nothing to write here
but Vijay said there was a Zara sale I
don't fit in any sour clothes but you
know we're here because what better
thing to do kind of like a double date
babe hey so leaving Zara at cops two
pairs of shorts and I got Silvia present
because you know why not you got you got
to treat the girl once in a while
so now Oh Justin Bieber's up there I
might cop some underwear just because
he's wearing underwear in that picture I
need actually white things white
underwear because I have white shorts I
don't have white underwear for so I'm
probably gonna cop those going to base
my boy might be working at the bait if
he's working at the bait
then blessed where you going
fuck outta here I got Calvin Klein
underwear because the store is right
across from Zara spontaneous purchase
silvia is in there trying shit on even
though i don't understand because we
didn't go in there for her but this girl
found a way to try our on this what it
is all I know is that my mall has a
charging station so if you ever need to
charge your phone well on the go you can
charge your phone
you're making progress on these lights
the hole is still murked over there as
you guys can see a couple of logs ago I
showed you guys the world they haven't
really done much to it it's still a big
hole when hotline bling is in the store
you used to come
when a store has good music you know I'm
gonna be here for a minute couple goals
right here you'll keep my new hat
literally Sylvia pointed it out got a
likkle gray hat it's nice I think it
matches the Offutt bless your boy is
slowly getting swag little does he know
I picked it out because I want to wear
it you know ever now we're going to
urban outfitters see if you can cop I
don't know just some other clothing some
summer clothes hopefully that's the goal
guys I just don't understand I don't
understand how people have wings on
their shoes look Sylvia says I look like
a wheel do I look like an explorer more
like Dora alright
Sylvia wanted to drive the car home so
let her drive its push the start by the
way there's no pump myself up Jesus
Christ just so close to him okay let's
see if you know how to start it seat
belts everyone
yeah mine's been on you just press it
once you don't need to hold it ready
no the lights are definitely not on yeah
yeah I'm fuckin I'm scared already come
on these are we date at that we can go
out that way
all right Wow good job you've driven
before don't pay attention to the log
pay attention the road to Leah's first
time driving that's not the hoe it seems
like it even how to do the signals good
job you guys already know what it is it
is 10:30 at night but I got my new
fucking hat great out great out let's go
took a shower I feel freshest fuck I'm
just sitting in this white bed in this
white room editing my video I've been
dropping vlogs like crazy lately it is
dope and it's keeping me really busy so
I'm excited to keep dropping these
videos and I'm getting pretty good at
these fucking video games so imma drop
some gaming videos for y'all soon but uh
you know check this check this
flexibility out I honestly feel like
just fucking watching movie tonight so
I'm probably yeah I love watching movies
yay
yeah you say something for the vlog and
this coders jumps on the opportunity
anyway I'm gonna probably watch a movie
with Silvia tonight she's lucky
is there any good movies out yeah I'm
sure check on the site you have five
seconds to check on this eight four
three two one zero
actually we'll see
erm life criminal agent has a name Dorie
no bad quality this is a good rating and
equality what's term life about each
quality Mother's Day the nice guys yeah
you know what that movie idea I had
sounded cool ten minutes ago I don't
like doing that anymore you come to
movie you got a movie we got a movie
blast let's get it let's make a
thumbnail right now that's on dick is
good I know Julia show them what I
bought you today all right I bought
Sylvia something you guys know I'm
feeling generous there you go check out
that romper what do you mean it's a
check out bad racket check out that Jean
pleather with my pajama yeah no it's not
it's not the swag yes with the jammers
but still nice check it out
greater than a 10 in the comments below
I give it like a are you late maybe
seven five six five four cube one the
model alright there you go that's the
thumbnail thank you for the thumbnail I
I'll give you half the money we get for
that there you go there goes it has your
money good deal
you know guys is it weird that Sylvia
has an addiction to picking pimples this
groped you how you're so ashamed
literally I have like three pimples on
my back at all times like I barely hit
any back pimples and she will find them
some I don't even think I have some
sometimes it she'll just find something
to pick and then like she makes me grow
back pimples before I started dating
Sylvia I never got any back acne or
anything and then I see you tired just
calm down
sure sure ah as soon as I started dating
you I just randomly got back at me you
just didn't know it wasn't there it
wasn't there Soviet was it there
she literally created pimples on my back
so I'm just playing some slithered I oh
I'm at 9.6 K I got there and like like
no time at all DJ just did a video on it
so I got hooked on it again right now
it's like mad snakes in the middle and
I'm about to do some risky fucking moves
cuz you know your boy Wolfie plays this
game risky mom I'm a diet but you know I
might as well take the big mines out cuz
you don't know how to fuck with Wolfie
the vlog for the vlog for the vlog for
the motherfucking mug this guy's trying
to cut me off you fuck you fuck you and
your fucking snake tendencies you snake
bitch
Oh Sylvia Sylvia you cannot put the
camera close don't put the camera closer
you block the screen and I fucking kid
see we could go all day bro yeah this
guy Oh cut him off cut him off teamwork
teamwork oh my god oh yeah I got them
all I got them all I got them all
I got them all Calabar oh shit you shake
you see that his trap do you want to
grab so these are my orbs you Smith
hey don't grab my arms do not grab my
fucking orbs don't ever touch my or whoa
oh my god holy shit
20,000 first place first place get me
leaderboard I didn't even have to kill
you oh whatever
25k 25k deejays bro put me on your
channel slow Daryl God didn't even
outside foot in Nick babe it was one one
game the first game 24k first place
leader boys let's get it you're gonna
everything I know I literally I'm good
everything you're really fucking loud
when the flavor dating himself I know
thumbs up if you guys liked me when I
screamed play video games cuz that's how
I play every single video game anyways I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
but me and Silvia are about to watch a
movie and then go to bed it's pretty
late right now and you know Wolfie needs
his beauty sleep because my nose is
getting a little bigger I'm trying to
shrink it I heard if you sleep like
extra at nighttime your nose shrinks
every every night so I'm trying to get
maximum sleep right now but yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always
