hey you always get us your boy Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie today I'm
chillin what David is in the back
Silvia is in the front we're gonna get
some food and then we're gonna probably
film for the rest of the day and edit I
just filmed one of my videos David's
gonna film one today I don't know what
Silvia is doing Sylvia's editing so it's
a grind day today so hopefully I can
make the vlog interesting because I'm
probably gonna be sitting on my computer
editing all day but we'll see but it's
not about the seatbelts it's about the
5-hour energy drinks you wonder how I
stay so hyper all the time you know I
got to keep my camel my extra m9 very
later pink lemonade because I'm a
fucking beast
okay
you know
oh shit
this neighbor here has two babies
they're probably knocking over
we got am/fm radio I go to the am what
do we got we want to change stations
what do we want to blast what the fuck
pip is shit mark right now but this has
changed so many lives not just more
excellent Haley I am fucking radio Marty
yeah it's lit its fuckin lit you guys
know me parking in the farthest corner
away from where I actually need to go
Maria
want a pizza pizza grabbing some pizza
and then we're gonna grind because this
needed something quick and easy to eat
this is like day 350 of me eating fast
food in a row not good for me but Yolo
then we're gonna go to Walmart to find
Charlie an air freshener that is new
scent oh yeah he wants to keep it now
that I've vlog me and David are just
looking for weird shit to do for the
vlog to make my life seem more
interesting so we're going to go to
Walmart and get a new car scent air
freshener for the whip
what orange tint looking ass I guess
using me ice caps for the squad these
new to Moines flavors
what is that chocolate will be donut hi
this ice cap from Tim Hortons is fucking
amazing
this oh my god I'm busting nuts over
this right now cuz I don't have time to
drink my coffee in the morning so I got
something and honestly guys shout out to
David Alberta shut Alberta for having a
weird license plate but also shout out
to David because you guys always chirp
him for not like not staying true to
diet Dave but he's died a fright now
well we're getting a salad for you no I
got a pizza no I got a pizza oh my gosh
yeah no guys actually Dave is actually
getting a salad and me and still we got
a pizza fat wolfy fat Silvia and Diet
Dave is real right now so I can't trip
him anymore
you guys know what it is got to have my
creamy garlic sriracha but not only that
there's sriracha garlic I'm telling you
it's a new fucking way about shit is
amazing
a nice cap like right now yo shoulder
wolf err diet gives a lot oh yeah
dieting is a live eel you did get a
salad but is that a white yes it is
light Caesar - oh and only one time you
get to everyone no I get to I do get to
a regular season I do I'm a fatass guys
everyone comment down below diet Dave is
still alive cuz we gotta show love to
this guy I wanna let you guys know
before I turn the camera on he finished
eating - jr. chicken so fuck you so come
on you can't light it what bad guys this
is what it looks like to be in the day
and the life of a youtuber me and David
are about to film a video for his
channel I'm not gonna tell you guys what
it is I guess you're just gonna have to
go to his channel to see what it is it
should be out I don't know when but it
will be out eventually it'll be up by
the time they see that ball will it
let's just say that yeah it'll be out by
the time you guys see this I'm gonna
force me to work and get the video bless
okay so I'll leave his channel in the
description youtube.com slash David
parody the OG if you don't know it then
now you know it so ah focus that camera
on me
I'm ready guys look at me look at me in
that cam I'm a sweet come on guys want
to talk about the grind look at this
editing just transferring some stuff
look at that editing it's the Edit grind
I'm trying to bang out two videos today
so your boy is grinding everyone's
grinding till they just hit 80,000
subscribe
ever so you know squads blowing up right
now we gotta grind hard so it's 837
right now I just finished editing my new
car video so I'm releasing that in one
hour I'm really excited for it to drop
because I think it's a dope video I've
watched it over like three times now and
I've giggled myself so I'm sure you guys
are really gonna fuck with it I kind of
took like a PewDiePie approach like how
he did his new car video which was troll
as fuck like obviously your boy Wolfie
is gonna be troll as fuck but now I
guess it's a race against the clock
I have probably like two hours maybe a
little more than two hours to get my
vlog out for the day if I want to be a
daily vlogger which I'm not a daily
vlogger but I'm trying to drop daily
right now so it's just good for me to
push myself to see if I can just keep
dropping these vlogs so I'm gonna try
and have that out tonight too and if I
get that out tonight too and you guys
already know it's a double upload from
yeah boy wolf so I'm gonna speed through
that while Sylvia is editing and then
I'm going to go pick up mr. viral video
Dustin because Dustin's gonna help me
with a little surprise that you guys are
gonna see on my main channel in a few
days
these red rains are literally saving my
life like I have a billion in my fridge
and if I don't have these I'd have no
energy and I wouldn't feel like editing
but I drink them and drink I'm a drunk
i'ma drink coffee always make sure to
get my caffeine I know it's not the most
healthy option but makes me stay alert
ready to grind why is this late keep
going out me like this lights using me
guys this is the struggle wiggle it
hopefully it doesn't come alright it's
good enough for the next two to three
minutes and it's probably gonna go out
again my lights always do this shit yo
Cleo Lionel I have a question are you
guys hungry yes or no if I open this
what's gonna happen ready
you're gonna look inside yeah you want
food I know you do I'll feed them some
kibble
so guys there's been this fly going
around my room for the crowd for the
past hour and legit it will not fucking
go away but it keeps going back to this
light I don't understand why flies are
so attracted relate maybe you can leave
a comment and tell me why below but it's
gonna get murked yeah turn off the light
so it has to go there
listen to it I don't understand I just
fucking bro flies cheese me you come
here wherever oh oh about yo I hear
listen to it you see it but it was just
there nope is it fucking so quick it is
so fucking real it sneaking it is a
snake you what right oh yeah I see you
okay go go slow you guys see it look
right there it's time it will be oh oh I
knocked it out bro I knocked it out
where did it go where I don't see where
did it go I'm irked it bro you can hear
it
if it it's gonna get up and start flying
and I'm so shook of bugs like what do
they do that oh it's working
bro how do flies take that image I'm a
billion this times the size of you in
like if a human were to take that hit
like this okay here you get it that's on
you I'll tell you where it goes I'm not
going to bed until this fly gets fucked
up reset getting a full view of the room
so I can tell where it goes I'm scouting
where is this fucking fly bro imagine we
should trap it in the fridge let it
freeze fuck you fly but where are you
chilling now I just don't understand
where you just went for that you going
now that we've committed to killing him
yeah you knows where he knows we're
looking that's the thing I might just
sit down like my regular physician in
Baden he's like yeah they set dates
imagine he's got he's looking at you
like hey ty
all right peace wide sorry I had to kill
you but we're gonna call it a loss I
think you're dead he just didn't want to
die in our presence he's just like the
hop bucket I don't want him to see if he
fucking climbed down there I think it's
time for a break grab the 99 or now
eighty-eight cents chocolate milk
eighty-eight cents chocolate milk is on
a nice sale I always think of Ryan now
he's like save your money
shout out to Ryan for being the cheapest
human being on the planet
Ryan would look at this and a good like
nah 44 cents I'll wait till it's like
half half-price quarter prices it could
ask so it turns out that fly is
literally invincible fucking that an
hour after I thought we knocked it out
and it was done this fly comes back and
starts flying in the same path by the
same light he's the quickest fly in the
Li literally it's like Usain Bolt of
flies so me and Dustin gave up but
that's instating over tonight because
Dustin's gonna help me with something
tomorrow early in the morning so I gave
him my room to sleep in so he has to
deal with the fly for the rest of the
night and I'm just chilling downstairs
there's no flies here because it's too
cold but I'm gonna end the vlog here
guys I hope you guys enjoyed sorry I
didn't do too much today but I was
grinding for you guys dropping bear vids
so if you guys did enjoy it make sure to
give it a big thumbs up let's see if we
can hit six motherfucking K because wolf
M has been hitting that every single
video so far more Wolfie so I know we
can do it and I will see you guys very
soon with another video on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
in my main channel and as always yeah
