what's good at you boy wolfy welcome
back to more wolfy I'm feeling a little
sick today
I've been sneezing all morning I don't
know if it's sick or just allergies I
think I might be allergic to my own cats
every time I pet them for like more than
five minutes I always fucking start
sneezing so I'm gonna get out of the
house I need to get out of the house
it's like 11:30 Ryan's last day in town
we don't know or do it today I need to
go fix my hair my hair grows super quick
so like every literally every week I
have to go get a haircut and we might go
to the mall but I'm not sure but we'll
see where the day takes us so you guys
already know I pulled up at the car wash
I'm about to wash this shit out of my
car when I bought my car it already had
like a layer of dust on it and I never
really cleaned it off but yesterday I
got my car tinted as you guys know like
the the windows are tinted and the guy
said don't roll them down for like a
full day it hasn't been a full day and I
think I'm just gonna pressure wash the
windows
so the tint might just scrape off and I
wasted my life but you know I'm balanced
I don't give a fuck this bird shit on
the window it has gotta whatever bird
shat on my car like go fuck yourself get
a shot on someone else's car I'll get a
full bloom died are you yeah bro
full-blown that poof they fucked my car
off bro they got laxatives in their
fucking food bro I swear to God
I gotta put my money in this machine the
nice Canadian money right five dollar
bill put it put it in and it says if you
do not get exact change
hit the center of the machine did I get
it oh that's good but can I get an extra
buck up nope
still 5 bucks the carwash costs $4 you
can pay extra money to have a longer
carwash or if you're broke like me you
can make those four minutes fucking
laughs so what I do is as soon as I put
the money in the machine I sprint guster
with the wash soap the prytt know the
pre-soak might come first I never knew
the order but free soap wash soap rinse
those are mainly the ones I'm concerned
with the other ones you don't actually
need to do well with five bucks I'm not
gonna
because I won't have time did that bird
shit off the mirror troubles you do that
boy
that is how you speed clean your car
that's all I gotta say no more bird shit
absolutely no more bird shit fuck you
bird so there's this place by my house
it is called chips and dairy where's the
sign the sign should be somewhere
basically they sell Chinese food but
they also sell like burgers poutine like
fries typical stuff like that ice cream
but everybody comes here usually for the
Chinese food ryan told me he was gonna
get the Chinese food but this man got a
poutine and David to snake Mons climate
slow breaking it all right ain't thirty
it's all I say yo who's man who's vested
yeah I broke it I broke it I broke it
the bed it's like the bed I'll show you
the footage if you put your body weight
on that bro it's snapping do it for the
vlog you're mad you're mad you're mad oh
gotta die
Oh No the enticing shaking checkout runs
really though fewer Rolex hold up bro
zooming don't oh yeah right
let me see me ye boys I need a title for
the vlog world's most expensive watch yo
Dave look what you have caused bro
look who's following me big dick David
Wineland
y'all has risen us 500 followers they
probably changed their name although in
rocket come here just tell them that
you're better and everything will be
good because they were worried they
prayed for you rocket are you good now
rocket are you good now are you good now
you could know rocket come here
yeah as you guys can see rocket is
better rocket is better 8cv 8cv yeah TT
lor evv zv lee that's the Wi-Fi password
general says ow Imperial chicken rice
little bite whoa whoa whoa you got extra
chicken balls you don't need my egg roll
ass Brian Jesus me with animals
desi yo is rocky getting old rockets to
write less than two is literally less
than one and Ryan's like he's getting
great hair looks young we're all day
he's a stud some one night never said
that as you David's a madman
we're at this place in there's hot
sauces and one
literally apparently so hot that two
guys went to the hospital eating it what
the fuck is going on bro
this product contains the hottest known
ingredients on the planet Earth stong is
used you have to sign you have to sign a
waiver like this I'll sign it
I don't know what to say this is
literally the world's hottest hot sauce
madman Brian get one of these apparently
you can ride these around the mall
how much do these cost for the day ten
minutes get $5 and I can write it or
like just kids
I'm too area
David so generous getting us popcorn
nice guy Dave
the two light skins are hungry the man
feels s fine yeah so I just copped a
bunch of balloons those little water
balloons that fill up there's like a
hundred per thingy I just bought them
because you tubers need water balloons I
don't know what I'm gonna use them for
yet but you know it's always nice having
supplies on hand tell me why this chair
that I'm sitting in right now is $1,200
damn literally it's at your average
chair more than my house what is going
on
what do you cats doing Lionel
why are you flirting with your sister
Cleo yeah what's he doing with you play
this brother and sister goals I know so
I just thought of a blessed prank idea
to pull my mom so of course for this
prank I'm gonna need some supplies so
I'm gonna go to the store now and grab
some supplies and obviously you guys
know if it's gonna be a banger Dustin's
gonna be in it so I'm gonna go pick him
up quickly
Ryan's leaving yeah I miss you I'm gonna
miss you bro I'll be back this looks
like Monica I won't miss you yeah I know
I wanted to come back in a month that
mom said to come back in a month
yeah blessed she was new - I'm mr.
Google safe ride bro I'll try so it is
12:00 at night
basically I skipped a lot of the day I
was editing a video and I had to drop a
video I hope you guys see or appreciate
the work that I'm putting into this
channel I want to drop as much content
as I possibly can for you guys and I
figured banking this channel was like
the easiest way to do that before bed
you know your boy has to get a custom
haircut at the crib because yeah your
boy's hair line has been slacking like
always but you got a barber in the crib
so the mute can cut and he said he'll
cut it so I'm gonna get the wave cut and
I'll get some waves on my fucking head
you shave a bit on the sides the boys
gonna look fresh after this next time
you see me I'm gonna look fresh as fuck
okay why go to the barber when you can
have your barber come to you get these
fresh line ups if you guys need this
hairline as a ruler for your math test
send me a snap and I'll send you my
hairline and I know you guys are all
gonna power
because these 90-degree angles are fire
we're gonna have fucking angle yo you
guys want to turn me from a hairline
still you want to fucking shoot me tell
me I saw straight you telling me that's
not straight hold up
you need a fucking level for your wall
fam yo go hang up a painting on that
shit fucking hang up a painting on that
shit fucking like do something on that
shit I it's straight fuck fuck you it
should straighter than my sexuality fam
what the fuck custom Barbara in my house
feel like DJ Khaled get there we're
getting you're there
get the leaves I'm focusing it try not
to drown I'm drowning in the late try
not to get sucked in by the whirlpool oh
my God look at that I didn't even have
to brush in you see the waves that's all
I gotta say I'm surfing on it you put
your believe in here ah oh you cut your
oh yeah ah sure she's your age ah blood
see that blood alright guys I think I'm
gonna end the vlog now because it's
pretty late it's like 1:00 a.m. in the
morning right now and I'm trying to go
to bed but I appreciate you guys if you
made it this far in the vlog I love
every single one of you guys shout out
to my barber /mute cuz cuz and if you
guys enjoyed the vlog make sure to give
it a big thumbs up we've been hitting 5k
so this one I want to push for 6k hit
the like button right now I know you
guys are going to do it because wolf em
were the best we're killing shit lately
it's unreal I can't thank you guys
enough for supporting me and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie with a new
video sometime in the next future and
tomorrow I don't know maybe the next day
and remember to stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel lat
