hey let's get at your boy wolfy welcome
back to more wolfy
you just gave me my thumbnail okay thank
you for the 700,000 views curl put your
vagina in the camera I'm just editing a
video right now it's a last video that I
think I have stocked up from like the
Florida footage which is pretty old
footage I think we did it like a month
ago but basically I completely forgot
about this video so I'm gonna drop it
tonight and I think I'm gonna drop it
with another vlog so a double upload
okay
again yeah I've been going crazy on
YouTube lately today I'm picking up my
whip boss again not because I'm buying
it again but because I put tint on it
like I said and I put Ramazan they
uploaded tonight - thanks doesn't matter
check it out tint rims I put it on the
car so my car's gonna look wavy so
expect a main channel car tour my new
car type video on Wolvie rap soon
hopefully I'll get that out within the
next few days other than that me and Zoe
are probably gonna do something today
it's a nice day the beach I love the
beach I don't know about the beach tan
we might go to the beach we couldn't go
to the beach I swear there's no sand on
my legs no sand cannot enter my car sand
and kick caps cannot enter my ears the
one with the kick-ass and kick axe and
Sylvia can I enter my car guys I just
threw a gum wrapper all the way to this
garbage and look where it landed not in
the garbage but on this little ledge
okay focus okay
look at that so I can do that again
watch this hey your are literally
reaching yeah basically my arms like
here seven foot long ass arms whose rape
whistle is this - Ryan have a rape
whistle that he left in my house looks
really disgusting focus focus
alright this camera doesn't feel like
focusing so it is what it is but don't
play yourself sine is finally coming
down your plate
because I'm finally getting over my mom
playing me watch I'm gonna prank my mom
yeah let her ask me if she wants to be
in a video but really I'm not filming so
you guys are gonna see live reaction how
excited she gets mom mom
you're going back to work you're going
back to work can you film a video with
me quick that's the only time I can film
are you down the film or not a Q&A okay
we're not actually filming as a prank
yeah it is a good prank it is a good
prank I just was showing the viewers
that I could I could convince you to
skip work to film now you just said 30
see that you got pranked I just called
the car place and I was supposed to have
my rims and everything ready for one
o'clock but it's 2 o'clock so I called
them and they're gonna have it ready for
4 o'clock now mainly because they had to
order in their rims and it took a little
bit of time so I don't know what I'm
gonna do all day I expected out my car
by now so I could just roam free and do
whatever I want for the day
yes everyone needs to relax come get the
fucking bug right now are you yes what
do you need a really crap everybody's
flipping out love that you it's a second
one that's been in my closet Mandy I'm
gonna freak out I'm gonna freak out yeah
that's definitely a bug
why no kill the bug kill the bug kill
the bug line as you guys can see my
house is a mess that's your dream
backyard
yeah that's with a garden over on this
side that's a huge backyard yes
yeah the cats would it ever be a fence
around the edge what happens you would
disgustingly throw behind that
Katherine's you wouldn't even see it
you'd go behind the trees and put a
fence uh-huh and then you'd put a cat
fence you wouldn't see it and then you'd
plant flowers yes lost though
get lost they would have whatever said
yet and what if they'd fallen in the
pool me and Silvia having a lunch date
and wildwing they have the most
delicious wings in Ottawa in my opinion
it's not a cheap day but you know what
feel like you're like balling out today
let's see what we got
where's the wings the wings are on the
back now look at this there's literally
a hundred and one flavours of wings they
go from no heat to super hot one time I
got where are they freakin Ring of Fire
bring a fire extra hot I was crying
before finishing the wings they were so
on you can get regular food or you can
get wings what you could get a burger if
you want
so guys we just realized that Sylvia's
wing turquoise is that Turkey no let
steel that's a teal yeah it's like I'm
wearing teal mint so we're matching and
we're both wearing the same sunglasses
not at all - right at the top of the bar
there's so many different license plates
all across but they're missing King
Wolfe I got the hot ones so they got the
honey garlic
we both got sour cream because you know
you need to dip your wings it's a cream
I never knew if you're actually supposed
to eat the carrots the celery but I
really good sometimes I eat them when
the wings are getting really hot where's
Mike
and the best way
the good thing about going to food with
someone so small is that you get to eat
the rest of their food that's the
positive of having a small girlfriend
Silvia literally had one wing and
surprise which I knew she was going to
have and I got to eat the rest of her
wings so I saved money by not ordering
two pounds of wings only ordering one
pound and then mucking on her wings
shoutout to all the small girls out
there guys Justin Bieber enthusing which
is no vicious blood vengeance
we're voice of a negro
so here's my old rims you know these I
hate that they had to be off but just
wait till I surprise you guys with the
new rims they turned out so well in a
tint oh my god I just love my car like
10 times as much as I did guys comment a
name down below that I should name my
whip actually you can't really name it
until you see it so I guess you'll just
have to wait to my main channel video
but if you have some ideas that would be
fitting for me comment them down below
and take them into consideration yeah
just put them yeah that's actually for
it we'll stack them all out there
they're not all right you can get them
all then show up to the house and Ryan's
editing a vlog already on his grind yo
Congrats on 10k by the time this is out
you'll be a techie it's name is going up
subscribers I'm golfing right now oh my
defy boss is here
you're the man has my tie any jacket I
know that tight budget oh yeah that's
the graduation ties don't use this time
you give him one see you wanna steal
your friends close yo Ryan knows that
Ryan knows that okay so I'm just at the
boys house right now and I'm finished
editing a video and click I check my
social blade if you guys don't know what
social 8 is basically it's this website
that shows you how many subscribers are
gaining a day how many views are getting
a month all this stuff like all the
stats you could possibly want on like
your YouTube account is shown on this
website so look at this I have been a B+
for the longest fucking time okay and a
minus is so hard to get like if you are
an a-minus on this site it's like I
don't even know how to explain it you're
just like a fucking bless youtuber and I
know yeah you're the biggest one and I
understand that this a minus is probably
gonna last for like another ten days cuz
like my views are not gonna stay like
this high as they are right now and a -
what is going on like just take in in
the last 30 days I've gotten over a
hundred and fifty five thousand new
members of the wolf fam you guys are
showing me too much love lately you know
I'm not gonna complain but yeah it
definitely keeps
but seriously like I'm not really doing
anything different I've been doing the
same shit so shout out to all the new
people that I've joined I love all you
guys so if you guys don't know I'm
basically part of a crew we're called
team elbow there's five of us me DJ
David Shawn jad that five-o you David
okay that's all five of us but basically
the way it works is that we came up with
certain nicknames for our fan bases or
our supporters so I came up with the
wolf am DJ came up with the designers
David came up with the / audience but
jad and Sean nigga you guys don't have
nicknames we came up with the wolf fam
and I really fucked with that nickname
so if you guys have any nicknames for
Chad with the Jays fan base and it's
your boys fan base that's how you spell
them right on the screen I put them
there somewhere comment them down below
because I'm tired of them not having
names
so comment those down below and
hopefully just hopefully they actually
take one of our names because wolf AM is
the best fucking family in the world
what is on this board look a bongo drew
throwback Thursday I am jad DJ Dave say
word I mean first well this was the
piece that I introduced to the moma back
in 2012 at the time jay-z was competing
to get a spot but I actually eat him out
in 2012 and he came through in 2013 but
I'm very proud of my work it's very
symbolic you know that's at the end of
the day like these guys beat the Dussel
you know like the guzzles come in this
way and these guys are moving on with
you know so with us is coming back for
them but hashtag stop the guzzle of 2016
tonight mean so we are going to see
Central Intelligence Kevin Hart Barak
seems like it's getting pretty good
reviews the rock said it got good review
so we are going to see that and I fuck
with Kevin Hart so I'm ready we have
arrived at the cinema
Sylvia says we are in Narnia I like to
park in Narnia because you know now that
I got my new whip I don't want anyone to
key it I don't want anyone to run into
it like I'm Way back there
the theaters here I'm getting a leg
workout just going to the theater
Central Intelligence here we come find
your starting position hey Sylvia
strange lady game she can't wait see
you're done it's a flop
all right so just coming out of Central
Intelligence right now it was pretty
funny whatever Kevin Hart is in I'll go
to see eventually so I fuck with his
comedy The Rock was actually way funnier
than I thought he was gonna be so I
recommend it to any of you guys if
you're watching this vlog right now go
and see it especially on a cheap movie
night we saw it on the cheap Tuesday so
go and see it I recommend that you heard
it here from Wolfie first gotta follow
up the movie with some ice cream nuggets
and re watching the vlog that I didn't
even have time to look at before I
posted because I was in a rush so
usually when I post the video as soon as
I post the video for like the next hour
I spent on snapchat Instagram Twitter
everything promoting it reading comments
all stuff like that but I was in a rush
because I had to go see Central
Intelligence at like 10 o'clock with
Sylvia so I didn't really have time I
kind of sent out some snapshots for the
main video but for the vlog I didn't
really do much so I'm gonna make up for
it by showing you guys in the vlog so
shut it to Ryan for saying he never gets
on the snapchat story sorry about that
bro but I hope this made up for it I
fucking was in the biggest rush so I got
you I got you shut up - Jessica a trans
seer Carlos rocks
Ammar Tabitha wants to be in the story
so don't worry I got you I always try
and show as much love as I possibly can
to you guys but sometimes I'm in a rush
I can't shut out everyone like it's
impossible for me to shout out every
single one of you but I do try it so
it's the thought that counts right but
anyways it's like 1:00 a.m. and I have a
long day tomorrow so I think I'm gonna
call her for the vlog today I'm gonna
end off the day just by commenting back
to some of you guys and actually putting
some of you guys in the snapchat story
but that's it for today's vlog I hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did make sure
to hit that
but let's see if we can smash 5,000
likes I know we can because we're will
fan like were the fucking best and I
will see you guys soon with another
video on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and remember yeah
