hey yo what's fucking good boy will be
welcome back to more wolfy today it is
Father's Day so hopefully my dad does a
face reveal like I have not seen this
guy in my whole 10 and a half years of
living like I've never seen this guy's
face so hopefully dad you show me your
face today man I'm starting the day off
right by watching Chad's rap about me
because you know I love myself and you
know the rap is catchy as fuck so I've
been replaying it for like the past
three to four days also on the left
screen I'm watching Sean's live
subscribe a live subscriber count' Sean
is less than 500 subscribers away from
100 fucking thousand jad just hit it
Sean's about to hit it next up is DJ man
Silvia the whole team right now we are
growing out like a fucking stupid rate
so shout out to all the people that are
supporting us like we love every single
one of you guys but yeah tonight my bro
my light-skinned bro is coming over Ryan
swings if you guys are really like loyal
whoa fam which everyone on this channel
should be I know you more wolfy fans you
guys are like the most loyal so Ryan
sways is coming over today and we're
gonna watch the NBA game later it's game
fucking Golden State vs Cleveland it's a
big game and we don't even watch
basketball but like when sports come to
a game 7 you have to watch it but also
tonight is the MMVAs the MuchMusic Video
Awards if you guys don't know that is
some award show that happens in Canada
in Toronto and DJ is actually gonna be
walking the red carpet there so
youtubers we making it out here so it's
a big day for the squad guys come come
take a look into my a my closet this is
where all the viral video started and by
all the viral videos I mean just the
recent video that I dropped the prank of
my mom would you guys fuck with it so so
right now I'm headed over to the PIO box
because we've had this p.o box issue for
like the past
honestly five to six weeks and it's
really getting frustrating basically me
Shaun and jad we all share one Peele box
and then David has his own Peele box but
the key to RPO box that they gave us
it's never worked so every time we go to
the store and we need to go check our
mail we can't unless someone's working
and then they'll just open it up for us
but it's just annoying that we can't do
it on our own
and so for like the past six weeks every
time I go in they're like yeah yeah
we're working on it we're working nigga
it's just one key fix one key so I can
check my mail so we're gonna go there
for like a 7th time today and hopefully
they have my key hopefully someone's
working it is Sunday
so I don't know what to expect but we'll
see if we get our mail today hopefully
we get our mail today life of a youtuber
laptop camera some random thing tripod
bigger tripod
other camera headphones cheese we are
here grinding we're here hopefully
everything works today really praying
the disc II it's finally gonna be here
because I'm tired of fucking waiting
supporting this one I'm on 3G right now
okay data on EJ right here Jesus guys we
always watch each other's videos I got a
support jobs got a shitload of stuff in
his hand we actually got some stuff
Sean's got some stuff
shout out to all the fans that have sent
stuff shout out to the employee there he
was actually really nice and
understanding hopefully he's going to
work on getting us a key even though
we've been told that a billion times
hopefully this is the time you know I'm
feeling good so I know he's going to do
it for us
someone America's web fell we were gone
broke someone's have to play well I'd
have to kill them okay so we got a bunch
of fan mail stuff that we're gonna open
right now um some of it doesn't really
have who it's going to just some of it
says t-mobile and stuff like that so I
guess we'll see you when we open it
which one you're not open first let's go
at this one baby young saved a big month
for big ones last big ones definitely
lost okay it's from somebody named
Louise Louise Louise oh that's a lot of
rating let's travel J hey alright this
is another year guys I guess you may be
I love your videos so very much
hey they always make me laugh and get me
happy you're a great inspiration I hope
you continue to make humorous videos
you're a great guy could really make
anyone laugh well thank you he's also
been subscribed for only about a week
but he's still got to watch every single
on my videos thank you bro I only been
subscribed for a week and already
sending family they're all funny Church
Adobe she should go do these I don't
know if you're watching this but if you
are bro mother says I really appreciate
that
I'm pop Shawn will open the next one pop
this this one's for Team elbow hey team
elbow David and dgeren here but it's
okay well
possum oh oh yeah okay we got some some
art looks like alright art alright a
MasterCard receipt with the fucking
credit card number on it okay justjust
t-mobile is honestly my favorite YouTube
group you guys are my inspiration it's
your boy Sean is my favorite hey I saw
one of Sean's videos and thought this
guy was really funny then about three
weeks after something just some Sean I
saw my first team album oh and then not
even one minute I was subbed to every
one of you okay
don't you guys get this just know that
you got fam down in Texas keep it up
guys
and David actually wants to go to Texas
so you made me do see don't you go to
Dallas you want to go to Dallas I think
it's hunter I'm sorry
I'm sorry if it's not Hunter but what's
the picture right now man alright let's
see this picture man that's doughnut a
he threw riot on here too let's go you
know I like you now because you put my
name first you know I think we might
have to put this up on the wall behind
where we fit this is going on the wall
first thing on the outside the first
thing will be first thing on the alcohol
okay so I got one from Joseph ready
character Joseph where you from Ohio
here we go blue it's on the og paper oh
yeah this is like the lime school table
out o to this paper broker to the best
Wolfie rap hey the best from Joe to
Wolfie and you even put the date that's
how I know you're in school look at this
dear Wolfie you are the best you do
wherever I wish I could meet you one day
I live in Mount Vernon Ohio
you are so chill and cool how do you do
it ha ha ha
person from your biggest fan Joseph
Riddick hey shut us to Joseph shout out
to Joseph I fuck with you bro
you know that's dope this guy had the
day on the line paper you know that use
this you know I'm surprised you didn't
put 2015 because I remember in school I
always used to fuck up yes and put that
yeah the previous year I used to do that
too for sure this is who hey we got
another hey wolfy oh that's dope and
every word every level is a winner
first one day cool King King King
amazing the best youtuber weird in a
good way oh and dear King Wolfie aka
Charlie Hart absolutely love your videos
i watch every single one to make me feel
happy and have a good day the first
video years I watched was the one where
you announced suggesting Bieber I'd
watch a video and it made me laugh for
the first time in a while because a few
months before my dad had died because of
a stroke
I was so devastating that I tried to
kill myself to be with him up in heaven
that video that I watched I felt better
because in it you said that if you tell
yourself that that day will be good it
would come true now every day I wake up
and tell myself that in the morning
Wow Wow I said oh I'm sorry for your
loss but fucking I'm glad I can make you
happy so thank you for watching my
videos that's why we do it yeah you are
the best shout out to your musically
account baby Graham okay the biggest one
here we go whoo there's lots of you
really got what do we got oh
she know this is gonna technical promo
still oh oh my silver play button why
yes
let's go thank you dear team album my
name is Francisco Lopez I'm 14 years old
I've been depressed for a long time and
you guys are the first people to make
you smile and feel happy again you guys
are the reason I started YouTube but I
might stop making videos so if you can
react to one of my videos that would be
great and can you guys please give my
channel shadow really a girl grow the
channel t motto for life my channel is
on the back alright
a free nation you got it buddy right
here B nation go subscribe to this
trucking channel yeah sorry they even
feeling down oh man I'm happy that we
can help you up yeah HP nation it's your
boy hey I didn't get an individual paper
yeah you're right swing ryan garland and
deer right about time we made a youtube
channel haha you already know i
subscribe to like all your videos can't
wait to see what what we use what what
videos ha the right impulsivity
no really what what account you
subscribe to is an account but there's
no there's no videos yet i'm dead Sylvia
oh wow Sylvia dear Sylvia you are
amazing at doing makeup I might be a guy
but I'm still subscribed yes you're
really beautiful a competition don't
snake my girl my nose what oh dear
Lionel's you guys are an amazing group I
have subscribed ever since 200 subs I
sent you guys some guitar picks I hope
you like them oh my god Robbie's gonna
love me oh holy boat and that's a Galway
Vanessa
she'll say no exes for Yaya DJ can get
that one BGM Vanessa Dear John you are
tall as fuck but I really like your
videos after everybody oh I always hit
the like button right after team elbow I
got all natural Patrol I'm cheesed wolf
am for life is edgy a
he's got a little trail oh my god whoa
holy Blair huh when you're hot line
don't play I'm dead baby's gonna close
oh holy shit holy shit my bike Oh No
SoDo what wolf am wolfing oh my god
pedido that's fucking blessed I know you
were writing these in class well your
teacher is trying to teach you a lesson
that's the thing like I know you weren't
paying attention and you were writing
this stuff so fucking shout-out to you
so I just gave Zach his guitar picks for
the band
everyone's chilling in the living room
right now that look look my sister's
there my dad's there Oh can't see his
head
Dustin my mom Charles get out tell the
viewers what you're telling me no guys
here she's mad because I didn't tell her
she had a black piece of something in a
tooth during one of my videos how did
you find that I don't understand my mom
thinks I literally analyze everything
about her before I drown the video King
at your models thanks YouTube for making
me look like an idiot that's your
biggest prank right there that's the
only prank and get what that's your
prank what is making me look like an ass
that's high my mom is another Channel
guys look at this food we're eating
roast for Father's Day dinner over there
another face reveal you can see the
backwards head okay put it down
what do you have to say to the camera uh
nothing it's Father's Day I'm not
working he is not working but shout-out
to him because he looks like wizard
Kelley right down the blob
guys my dad is finally doing a face
reveal let's see what is under it boom
oh you fucking playing yourself shopping
with my mom is cheesing me
we came here for carrots and we ended up
with face wash oh that's for me but
we're gonna get what else baby food oh
yeah we should get this for DJ and Shawn
this looks like it's what does it say
for like ages two to three yes
DJ and Shawn really fuck with this all
right so we're done at the grocery store
we got everything we needed wasn't much
came up with garbage bags too as well I
don't think we went in needing those but
gonna go back home muck some food for
Father's Day dinner and then Ryan gets
in town at like 10 o'clock so looking
forward to that and the game is tonight
like I said so I'm excited as fuck for
that game
I want Golden State to win because I'm
just a bandwagon ER you guys know me so
we just got back from the store and we
were talking about like this one scene
in Hot Tub Time Machine where the guy
traveled back to the past but with
everything he do from the future so
basically we were just talking about
like what you would do if your current
person went back 20 years ago but you
knew all the songs everything that was
out today you knew of it and no one else
knew of it what would you do mom
okay copy our answer what I would say we
said Facebook these people that I knew
are gonna be killed
that's a selfless 11 Charles that's the
first about the Holocaust Charles
hobo's I said 15 years 15 okay
not 11 the shootings all that stuff
would you create any any social media
apps like you wouldn't make Facebook
make this you wouldn't take popular ass
songs and give them the artists saying
like no wow
so money doesn't matter to you no you're
wack money's the only thing that
motivates me comment down below what you
guys would do cuz honestly the first
thing I came to my mind is Facebook and
all that and then songs like I would
legit make every Justin Bieber song
before he even dropped them before he's
even know he's born but when he's like 5
years old I would already have baby what
do you mean all those songs out so
comment down below what you guys would
do what is this restaurant Just Dial
meal Wow
perfectly cooked some crazy salad that I
don't even know what's in it but prob
probably I'm gonna eat it
I'm not even exaggerating when I say
this but that steak that I just mocked
for dinner is fucking blast now all I
want to do is sit down watch the game
but you guys know when I watch
basketball I gotta watch it with a bunch
of people that don't watch basketball so
I'm heading to the boys house with mr.
viral video himself this man mr. viral
video 8989
yay draymond Green oh I bet 600 grand on
this game so we need to win I'm going
for the Mighty Ducks close let's go
Crosby hey nice shot Crosby yes yes yes
Kobe Larry Bird just got stuff so Parker
give it to curry just give it to curry
hold it like a baby
not three-pointer from curry yeah they
called it oh I didn't get in come on out
please please curry please hurry hurry
hurry just take a shot don't follow
master ball play greatest take oh but
what are you okay 100 18 seconds no oh
oh my god oh my god you're actually her
fell oh no James is down no you go to
120 percent into that gun
fuck miss meadow event durable rose race
is broken yeah ladies restroom
no Roy looks out of no no no no he's not
faking right yeah I know for sure no I
didn't game's over Cleveland one house
fucking coast of the game oh my god oh
my god
literally crying he deserves it 60 honey
right two hundred subscribers what the
fuck yo shout-out to Ryan he's here now
yeah he's creeping on you bro what
Ryan's about to show us his first vlog
behind the scenes did it I can finish it
up
he's vlogging me vlogging him home are
you seeing it is like WT didn't one
alright guys we're back at the base we
got this
Ryan's relooking at his vlog footage if
you guys didn't know my brother has his
own YouTube channel so what I need you
guys to do right now I will leave the
link here and in the description go
there and spam this guy with likes and
subscribe to him because it's basically
like
his vlogs are gonna be like mine and I
know you guys fuck with my blogs well if
you're here you fucking my blogs so go
to his channel
Ryan's ways you guys know who he is he's
in a bunch of my videos and go support
this man but yeah it's like two o'clock
in the morning now so I think I'm gonna
head to bed right now I have a long day
tomorrow so thank you guys for watching
if you made it this far in the vlog and
I will see you guys probably tomorrow
with all these daily things that I've
been doing with a new video on more
Wolfie remember to stay a little bit
more savage in my main channel and as
always
