hey your what's good at your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy today it is
absolutely fucking beautiful outside
it's supposed to be 32 degrees Celsius I
don't know what that is in Fahrenheit
because here in Canada we do everything
by cell see it's fucking weird but today
the game plan is I'm gonna be editing
two videos hopefully I'm double
uploading again today I've been doing
that a lot lately I've been working my
ass off cuz you guys are really fucking
with the videos lately but on the other
hand Sylvia is going to the beach today
and I told her I would drive her he's
gonna go spend the day with her friend
there so when I'm inside editing
grinding and just wanting to be outside
Sylvia is gonna be tanning relaxing at
the beach good thing the beach in Ottawa
there at least the beach she's going to
is not really a beach yes if the cameras
outside you know my mom's outside she
loves to be in the spotlight but yeah
anyways like I was saying the beach in
Ottawa or at least this Beach rumor has
it that if you go in the water and come
home you have an extra leg it's called
Muniz Bay I don't rate this beach but
you know Sylvia really wants to go get a
tan so I'm a taker so ridiculous Cleo
every time I walk down stairs you run to
this door
watch this she's gonna be out me do you
want to go outside yes or no one meow if
you do oh that wasn't me I'm alright you
can go outside
every time a light-skinned seasoned
mirror squad goals what's good what no I
love you I don't want to go outside with
you right now okay you guys know that I
gotta take my cat's on a walk every now
and then
right now bored of editing so I'm gonna
go take Cleo on a quick walk and
Sylvia's also not ready my mom also
bought my cats of customized harnesses
from some European website because she's
crazy and she's also filming married is
she purring she's right let me see
leo Neil nice pink one for Cleo and then
Lionel has the skull one cuz
Lionel's more of a badass Cleo you ready
alright let's go watch how fast she runs
out god it is absolutely boiling outside
all this cat does when she goes outside
is eats grass like why do you want to
come outside so bad I just I don't
understand cats man I don't understand
cats go Cleo let's go this way
Cleo come on listen to me this way oh
come on you're actually listening let's
go this way
come here a squad goals where are you
running to the next patch of grass work
so apparently the neighbors you saw this
fire what the fuck look in the distance
you guys can see a huge fire and right
now the fire trucks I can hear them
right behind Mia Cleo you don't give a
fuck' you just eat the grass this cat
lasted three minutes good job they
begged to go out and then they don't
even last like more than two minutes
he's so odd he has to lay down look at
this lineup yes I know stretch bro
stretch I'll scratch your belly you
Lionel quick question why'd you fuck up
my prank with my mom why'd you fuck it
up the snake had to go pee ruin my whole
prank
smh Lionel smh we're arriving at the
beach Oz Sylvia is going to the beach
here's the parking lot perspective
perspective there you glasses I feel
like an old rich lady in his head
pulling up to the beach right now
we're screwed everyone's shining at the
best parking spots like right at the
very bottom look at this guy lying down
on the line come on the big hill what do
you mean Hey look at that guy biking
with no hands look at this view of the
beach that I'm not going to so many
people down there so many people just
enjoying their day and I'll have fun bye
get out of my car guys is my mom mater
no okay basically you're seeing a bunch
of houses right on the beach side okay
my mom wants to buy this whole venue
coming up right here look at this there
used to be a school here and she wants
to buy it this whole land mom you're
wild so right now I'm looking over this
video that I'm editing it's like the
first full t-mobile video that I've done
on my channel in like a minute it's
honestly it's fucking hilarious when we
used to film videos with David David
always used to never tell us what we
were gonna film until the second we
filmed it so I decided to hop on that
and I didn't tell the boys that we were
gonna have to get paintballed next
episode and I just dropped it on them as
soon as we start
filming and they were also cheats to
think leg waxing wasn't enough we're
gonna get paintballed in the ass and
it's gonna fucking suck the things you
do for you too man ooh honey garlic
sausages you already know about to mark
these that Oh take that and yeah take
another half
I bought sausages and I told my sister
that she could have some if she made
them so she made them and now I'm gonna
muck them it is legit boiling outside
but I feel like I need to go outside
because I've been stuck in my room all
day so the key to eating sausages is you
have ketchup on one side barbecue sauce
on the other side then you take a dip of
the one sausage go like that put it in
some barbecue I don't know why I put
them on opposite sides but mmm look at
Cleo's eyes speed racing cat you know
it's hot outside when the cat literally
sits when she sits it's hot she would
usually run away by now for sure okay so
I just finished doing a lot of different
things first of all I got my computer
fixed it was going really slow because I
had too much stuff in one space and I
needed to transfer it to another space
so my buddy came over and helped me with
that
he and Sylvia just finished showering
and we're actually going out tonight
tonight we are celebrating my I guess my
500k it was my 500k celebration or
something no we're celebrating my
birthday I guess it's a little a couple
days out for my birthday but we're
celebrating it so all of our boo except
for DJ is going out because he's in
Toronto for the MMVAs
so me and Sylvia are gonna head over to
the boys house pretty soon to just start
hanging out with everyone and then later
on we're gonna go out to the club I
haven't been there and forever you know
guys I'm nine and a half years old like
sometimes I have to sneak into the club
because I'm too young to go there but
when I do go there you know Wolfie turns
up but yeah I just dropped a main
Channel video
oh it's not even there I also am
dropping another vlog in three minutes
I've been really fucking with these
vlogs so I'm just gonna keep dropping
them but do expect a lot more stuff
coming out I'm just experimenting right
now on the second channel also just a
quick shout out to everyone for helping
me reach 600,000 subscribers from
500,000 to 600,000 just happened so
quick that like it hasn't really hit
yet but straight up next thing is Wolfie
- 1 mil it's a big goal but I know we'll
reach it wolf em is crazy right now so
we're just growing out like a crazy rate
look at Sylvia's outfit for the night
what do you do see snapchat Sylvia's
taking snapchats it is gonna be nice
going out tonight knowing that I have my
own car to get back home whenever the
hell I want to go back home I'm my own
man now what alright guys so I didn't
end up vlogging in the club but the club
was fucking blessed we got multiple
bottles everyone was having a good time
like literally is just like a bunch of
friends just chillin in a club together
like we made our own dance circle and
fucking like had the time of our lives
so shout out to everyone that came out
it was blessed
but now the more important part then the
club we're gonna go get pizza because
after you dance a lot you need to put
back on those pounds so we're going to
go to pizza pizza and then a bagel store
and probably just get a lot of food so
I'm excited so we're walking down the
street and now the girl Sylvia and her
friend Elena are about to get bagels but
there's a piece of pizza right across
the street so I think we're just gonna
grab pizza there we were going to grab
it closer to my house but this is just
really convenient so while they're in
Kellerman's grabbing their bagels we're
gonna get pizza across the street it's
actually pretty busy right now
sriracha Dave back there I don't know
what he's doing but but yeah we're gonna
we're gonna get food Hey look at this
pizza oh my god yep yep squash balls so
there was a guy in pizza pizza and
usually when you get a pizza
you get like garlic dipping sauce
alright at least that's what everyone
gets here this man got milk to drink a
and caramel dipping sauce like I don't
know what you do with that but this kind
of is straight-up cheese
who's the weirdest looking guy - like
what are you dipping in pizza pizza
what are you different caramel like I
don't understand it oh all right guys
it's fucking 3 a.m. I got home way later
that I expected to get home because
apparently the bagel spot takes like
three hours to make a fucking bagel like
I was waiting for people to get their
bagels and my pizza got fully caught
they cooked my pizza my Pisa had time to
get cold before one day
was made I don't understand that so
right now I have an absolute migraine my
head is banging right now but I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog if you guys did
make sure to give it a huge thumbs up
and I will see you guys very soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and
remember stay savage go oh
