what's good at your boy Wolfie welcome
back to more Wolfie today is an exciting
day because today's the day I get to
pick up my car so what I'm doing right
now is watching my live subscriber
countdown I'm about to hit 600k
literally like it feels like yesterday I
was at 500k but holy like I've been
getting subscribers at a stupid rate
right now so yeah like I'm about to hit
600 K and the deal is as soon as I hit
600 K right now I'm at 5 9 9 9 3 1
silvia the lazy bum that she is right
here has to get out of bed so Silvia
it's a 33 right now you got about two
more minutes at the rate that I'm going
out right now with all these
crazy wolf fan members you know I just
lost a subscriber you got an extra five
minutes yeah Silvia loves to sleep
you guys will figure that out as you
watch my vlogs this girl loves to sleep
and I wake up early so I usually bug her
for like the first two hours in the
morning because I'm just bored I stop
get up as you guys can see if you're
just going to do like a little tour in
my room your make it to about here and
then you look down and you sees
ratchet-ass slippers I mean know what
these are like Dollarama slippers and
these even worse slippers Sylvia will
not throw these out so I'm gonna be
generous today and buy her a new pair of
slippers because I'm over these slippers
being in my room all the time like
they're hideous and I legit will not
stand for them anymore right Sylvia
Sylvia get up 600k let's get it we just
arrived at the mall we have a few things
that we're going to try and get first
things first I gotta get Sylvia slippers
because they're beat as hell also I'm
getting my car today so I'm gonna get
like an aux cord iPhone charger just
some things to make my car my own meet
me feel nice and have a smelly good car
so it's gonna be I'm dressed already
lost these two girls down there I went
up the elevator by myself and got lost
we're off to a bad start so you don't go
shopping with two girls
come on why do we end up at a candle
store
what's your bike we're not we're not
shopping for candles that's what happens
you literally go with girls and they try
to buy the worst stuff this is so not
nice boy don't get kill them they're so
happy get me out of here Oh Chuck what
did you just do I know I just had to
smell it I think
you both cannot use it Hey oh yeah let's
get this one I don't know about you guys
but when I'm in the mall I love to
people watch when you go to like your
big mall in your city whatever it is
you're always going to see some
weird-ass people so it's just
interesting to like look around and see
the different types of people there is
maybe I'm weird but I do that all the
time
No
yeah you'll get suffered so V has
already tried to go to like three stores
that weren't in the plan and we
literally have like an hour to get all
this done so it's not gonna happen
today tomorrow when I have my car none
of this waiting game will be an issue
ever again in my life so once I get my
car it's game why are you shopping for
clothes I'm giving it four toes Soviet
shopping for clothes that we're not here
for her grows a Shopaholic man can't
handle this
anywhere you take her anywhere you take
her this girl buys like six things guys
look at this Shoppers Drug Mart they
absolutely like pimped out the Shoppers
Drug Mart in Ottawa in Rito Center it
literally looks like a makeup store from
the front it used to just look like a
regular drug store but now it's
like extra where are you going guys
remember the sinkhole I was talking
about a few days ago look at that right
over there this whole street is blocked
off and that is the sinkhole holy crap
300 cement trucks something like that
guys you know that sinkhole really came
from remember the cannibal challenge on
Dad's Channel I jump in and that's what
happened because I'm biggest out right
now so we just went down all the
elevators sylvia forgot to tell me about
that the basements closed after to the
sinkhole so now i have to go all the way
back up the elevators look at this guy
whose man is this whose mannequin is
this the only way to the fourth floor is
the elevator oh yay you found the
slippers at the end of the hall
the end of the golden tunnel what are
these dear foam saying these look comfy
but these feel like a rock well no they
have like these ones that go over the
back and these ones are not bad 2000
these I like these ones you can get the
ones that cause leopard slippers
Costco slippers what do you think about
these leopard ones these are hideous put
those down onesie at Costco look like
this except and have like fur here and
there like not round like this it goes
straight across do they cover the back
no my mom has those and do all ones that
cover the back her friends like her what
heart she has those ones saying I just
ran into some fans
holy Gang Gang Gang anyone out
yeah oh oh it started birthday boy
all of these niggaz manual shutter hey
what's your name is it raw it's my
middle name thank you thank you hug so I
just took some photos and fans shout out
to the Ottawa crew Gang Gang it's only a
matter of years until wolf em takes over
all of Ottawa so just wait on it video
if you guys see me don't hesitate to
come up and take a photo because
like these guys so guys you know what
shut up to the vlogs looks good hey
shout out to the vlog shout out to the
vlog whose boys are these you see a
camera none of them are getting
shoutouts are these the ones these are
the ones you look pretty comfy and
they're not like 160 bucks so they're a
plus we'll get him so we got the
slippers it was a raging success but if
you look up we're at the dealership next
time you guys see me I will have my car
my first official do you have the keys
I heard them I thought you took them
next time you guys see me I will have my
car yeah mom take your keys I don't
never want to touch those again guys my
baby is right here I'm touching my car
for the first time oh my god I'm not
gonna show you guys the car until
everything's done I need to get like the
typical tree thing to hang off the
mirror in the front so my car smells
good
I'm still waiting on my rims and I still
need to get tint on my car so I'll show
you guys in a few days on my main
channel with my new car you guys need a
car
this is who you come to at Bank Street
Mazda come see my boy mo of course if
you're buying a car you need to find the
right cent for your car so right now I'm
gonna grab a cent for my car and then
I'm gonna buy an aux cord and a iphone
cord just to have in my car at all times
I was thinking about playing like a mini
fridge to always keep like cold water in
there but that's just a little extra
black ice is the one it's a classic on
it I think I might buy some black ice
and then one of these actually automatic
ones just for when the black ice is done
so we have the typical black ice one and
then we have Apple Cinnamon by Glade the
thing is Glade specializes in scent but
this is like the default one to go to
the black tree this one I know it smells
blessed rock-paper-scissors if you win I
get Hawaiian breeze rock paper scissors
I'll get her I'll get her on trees
I'll get them both I also need floor
mats for the winter so I'm gonna
probably grab maybe black ones I don't
know this one matches my weight better
but I feel like that's too much Brown
I will grab some black ones after a long
day of being out all day
much-needed burger fries Pepsi
who doesn't ever tasted so good it's
like it's like 5:30 and I have not eaten
a thing until now first fry the knee
so look at this burger that is a big
burger you get onion rings are frozen
price-price
people
new pair old pair Y never come in my
room again only new slippers allowed
whatever I got a new pair thank you hmm
that's so nice
all right guys I first whip in the new
ride other than after the car dealership
got David on vlog I'm shows is David's
first time in the way how do you like it
bro it's pretty Celine yeah
I don't know if it cuts Dana's clean for
long but say like a week before there's
a McDonald's bag and down here somewhere
bro Jim look I got gum anyone needs gum
iPhone charger you need iPhone charger
aux cord more gummy on foot what do you
want yeah okay you're talking Ridgewood
you thinking about getting a mini fridge
in the back some old waters hold water
at all times well you're not a
uber driver you're you to imagine
someone comes in the car cold water but
the first saw has anyone uh
around with your car no did anyone eat
in this car yet room
what have I told Sylvia not to eat the
first day I get the car literally an
hour after I get the car this girl has a
KitKat in the in the seat I was so mad
tickety
Oh before I bought her I was like yo no
eating she's like okay bro one hour
she's eating oh you're my girlfriend but
like yeah just kill ya guys there's no
better way to end the day than to have
an editing session in my room what he
this man is this me and David are gonna
edit our videos because we're in my
office this is where you're most
productive and then I'm probably in a
drop of vlog tonight and then I feel
like I should celebrate
turn up better my WIPs actually here
yeah we made Turner and I got it with -
no not yet
guinea pig and King right here Oh get on
fitted King right here you guys hurt
what's that oh I gave him the idea to
buy a car David gave me the idea
shoutout to Damon but I
talking about it first so how do you
feel today 100% guys Silvia is better so
no need to worry she was here like
crying yesterday but she's all good now
and she's editing her video don't ever
drink is it the one with me it's one of
you is it gonna be a one it's gonna be a
banger and you'll be out in the next
couple days in the next couple of days
okay
wolf em if you guys are watching this
vlog right now you're gonna show my
girlfriend although I'm in the video so
of course you gotta show it some love
but that video I will link to you I
don't know if I'll link it today I don't
know if I'll link it tomorrow whatever
it comes out I will fill you guys in so
when you guys are done with my videos
you can go to my girlfriend's videos you
know like check them out like subscribe
stuff like that what are we doing there
oh thank you couple of bundles so what
are you saying Bongo hey ladies and
gentlemen I'm stealing this one from
Sean but I'm gonna start my own one soon
it'll be something clever all I got is
well hi I love olives just as
much as I love filet-o-fish if you guys
go back to you put it this way I
will have a filet-o-fish with as many
olive as you can fit on the burger and
I'll do it for free
he said he would pop olives in his mouth
like skittles bro so bless my feet left
all right cool game over
you have to finish a whole bowl of
Olives though well with joy let's man
cut his hand playing Fifa he's taking a
picture Instagram before he gets a
band-aid this guy's taking a pic for
Instagram what is wrong this generation
Dave you good bro well that's actually
angry blood yeah burger baby said little
thing you need to go to the hospital
well luckily you have a new car
okay go wash it where where are you
looking
Bongo misses this free cake he owes me
not miss Rama all my misses he says he's
gonna hit this freak a watch this one
you're on my team so bro I want you to
hit this free-kick
watch this watch this watch this Ronaldo
if you miss it you owe me a wrong
watch this alright you owe me a shawarma
you think it's a prey where are you
aiming oh I forgot one crucial step to
the entire thing Dave's gonna show us
what a real free-kick should look like
you know you got this girl
yeah yeah sure nothin I was asking so
Sean and David are about to try at the
swarm of palace we got our plates but
they're about to try closing yoga it's
yogurt try yogurt
okay Lebanese yogurt let's see this
mago state are you not bad like alright
boy that's all you bro look at these
plates look at all that chicken Wow look
at that stay quiet hey it's like 1:00 in
the morning late night once tonight
ten minutes later I'm the only one who
finish that plate
I eat way too much not finished not
finished not finished wrong go sleeping
so I finally came out of my food coma
just now I'm downstairs chillin I'm
about to go to bed but I think I'm gonna
end the vlog off here smash the thumbs
up button if you guys enjoyed the video
and even better leave a comment down
below saying yeah we with the vlogs
Wolfie and I might just keep dropping
them because I'm enjoying these two
anyways that's it for tonight I'm gonna
ko because that shwarma merked me but I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
than my main channel and as always know
