hey yo what's gonna chew boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy and today is
a pretty packed day I'm just chilling in
my room right now I'm about to start
editing a video it's gonna be a banger
you guys will see it on my main channel
it's a prank that I pulled on my mom I
told you guys I would try to prank my
mom like forever ago so finally I made
it happen to find out what happens you
guys just are gonna have to go to my
main channel I don't really know how to
explain it but it fucking backfired in
my face so I'm sure you guys will enjoy
that right now I'm about to film the
intro and the outro for the video right
now on my little webcam and my
microphone here and then after that I
plan on going to shawntel's because
Sean's been asking me to film this like
FIFA video with him forever so me and
him are gonna film something for his
channel basically you just play FIFA but
you eat a really hot pepper while you're
doing it so like it throws you off
honestly I'm so over eating hot food
after my fucking spicy noodle challenge
but you know I gotta help out the squad
so Silvia is downstairs right now she's
feeling sick so probably after Sean's
video I'm just gonna go pick her up some
medicine or something hopefully to make
her stomach feel a little better and
then if her stomach feels better by the
end of the day me and her are gonna film
like a video for her channel because we
haven't dropped one on her channel in a
a minute and then the final thing that i
100% need to do today is get my car
insurance so that i can have my car and
drive it like probably by tomorrow so
it's a pretty packed day today guys look
what someone sent me on twitter how
fucking funny is this my brother made
the akinator website look at this it
says I think of Wolfie raps brother
light-skinned dreadlocks long tall
muscular kind of skinny I don't know
what long means or tall like he's not
that tall but yo nigga we've made it
let's go get the squad on akinator you
know I was excited when I made it on
akinator too bad it's not his actual
name but you know Wolfie raps brother
will do for now yo sickie time to get up
you've been asleep for like an hour
what okay will you rest it how do you
feel not good come outside and sit
outside in the back in the Sun okay I
don't think
we can have any time soon I'll let her
sleep what are you doing
Charles what are you doing
vlogging I'm not doing anything now
going back to work hey Lionel Cleo where
you at where oh wow
camouflage Cleo come here come here
Cleo fucking cats man they don't listen
to you Cleo I'm gonna get rid of you for
a dog all right bless your lion I'll
show the camera your eyes final look
show them your eyes bro whose man is
this such a nice day out today so I just
started my edit and I'm already
unmotivated as fuck so you know I'm just
looking to kill some time right now
maybe grab a snack an apple you know
what that why is it have a hole in it
I'm not down for that Apple I'm down for
a MUC this Apple gotta make sure when
you're eating an apple you got to wash
it get off the pesticides before you eat
thinking about doing an Apple taste test
maybe I'll get like a million views on
it we'll see mmm delicious make sure
like comment subscribe so I'm editing
the vlog right now but as soon as I said
it with the speakers on my mom always
comes in the room I want to see what bad
things you're putting about me on cuz if
the video involves her she'll be in here
watching me edit half of it I need your
input what are you doing now
snapchatting me no I don't do snapchat
this girl is this so I pretty much just
finished editing the main Channel video
right now I was just about to head to
Shawn's house to film the video but this
man guess what he texts me the video
that we're gonna film on his channel is
us playing Fifa like basically seeing
was the better FIFA player with a hot
pepper in our mouth this man just had
the nerve to text me to say that he was
playing a FIFA game so he can't come get
me right now Sean how are you gonna
practice knowing I don't even own FIFA
bro
like you're that scared to get whooped
by Wolfie all right bless not I'm
probably gonna lose Shaun for this vlog
what are your thoughts on you practicing
FIFA before I came oh you're Sonique
this guy's practicing FIFA before I come
and I hate hot peppers
oh he's a pepper Shawn wants to make a
seat dad says they're not that hot
yes not bad oh they're not bad eh you
know I've watched your other videos bro
I've seen your reaction so what do you
mean they're not hot baking it it guys
Shawn beat me
he beat me in the 90th minute fucking
absolutely dying right now my mouth is
on fire bro he did literally a rim of
pica amulet I'm never doing this again
so I just threw up in the toilet I I
decided to eat an egg because after
these couple peppers I was legit like my
ears are ringing I can't hear I'm
worried for my life so Shawn is gonna
take the pepper the actual pepper reason
man he doesn't even need to cuz he beat
me but you know what everyone if you're
watching this video go check it out I'll
leave it in the description so you guys
can see the full video cuz Shawn Shawn
deserves a shout-out after that after
Shawn's got his video it's fully time
he's really dying
alright back at home here's the setup
for the next video I'm shooting with
Silvia we're doing reenacting couples
cute photos but Silvia is really hungry
and she hasn't won a film I'm so hungry
I took way too long but I told her we're
not getting food until she films because
that's how YouTube goes we don't eat we
don't sleep all we do is shit for you
guys hey guys hi guys you put your hands
behind your back and I just like you
literally show me the photo for she
shows me the photo for half a second and
expects me to tow it to do I'm breaking
my legs essentially you have to be 90
okay just go just go ahead and support
you guys why I would yeah I gotta get my
legs so easy I just uploaded your prank
you already saw it it's been up for like
twin me holy shit there's no surprise
with you hey dad has his mask on did you
like it yes good dad would you think
there was a fail yes it's all good
what do you mean then don't do that if
you just let me prank you the first time
there would be no isolation I didn't
even try to stop you I was trying to
save my dog cuz you saved your daughter
that was the reason I clean the cup top
what do you mean because I was afraid
she would literally anything not even
see at me I thought she would come out
in the dark and fall on the stairs and I
thought oh my god I guess I gotta clean
these up and then I clean them up mom
that's a mom instinct but I don't think
that's why you did it that is why
there's no way that was why you did I'm
good hearted no you're not evil you're
trying to get me where do you make me
upset you're trying to make me up sin of
you guys and do things for save me I
said I will clean it up trying to make
me mad well read the comments awesome
pranks to escalate
they won't escalate too much you have to
okay they're not gonna escalate too much
what you know I'm talking escalate play
bad yoga you ever prank me about my cats
or tell me that any of you is hurt or
anything like that
you're in like your disowned especially
the cats alright so we just watched my
two videos on the big screen
they're shit and we're talking I know
you hate that I've already talked I got
but I'm getting the car tomorrow and now
we have a predicament because that we
have doesn't have a three person parking
garage so we just need to get a new
house because I'm getting a car so yeah
everyone subscribe to my mom's vlog
savage Mandy okay she has a blog not a
vlog if you guys like reading text
you guys want to know more about me
where I was where I was born and all
that stuff
subscribe to my mom's blog not vlogs
I'll give you a shout out when it drops
will the wolf am go turn up on the moms
vlog for her blog wolf am you better go
turn up on my mom's blog when it drops
stay tuned
flying asleep fam Lionel he is
your cutie Thanks
no I don't know yeah $20 to whoever can
guess where I am right now you guys
three seconds two seconds down sir
thank you your money see like the golden
bridges over there no right there in
Sylvia ending off the day it's 12:30 at
night we're just gonna cop some ice
cream and then go home relax today's
been a blessed day I uploaded two videos
today I'm gonna upload this vlog maybe
tomorrow the next day I'm picking up my
car tomorrow so yes but this is where
I'm going to end today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure to
smash that like button
let's hit 4k the more wolfy channel has
been doing fucking extremely well way
better than I thought I was gonna do so
thank you for staying with me I love you
guys don't ever leave me anytime soon
please or another youtuber fuck them you
guys stay with me and that's it for
today I will see you guys soon with a
new video and remember stay a little
more savage than my pain Channel
leggo
