oh my god couponing and yo what's good
super wolfy welcome back to more Whoopi
today we are back to the reaction videos
guys we are gonna be reacting to a bunch
of diss tracks Christmas songs etc etc
so before we even begin the video you
already know how to go down and smash
that like button
let's hit thirty five thousand lakes
with your elbow everyone go down and hit
the like button right now hurry up hurry
up buh-buh-buh-buh-buh also do not
forget to go like my most recent three
Instagram pics boom boom and boom
comment under them the fire emojis and I
will be commenting back following a DM
make something you guys to do at Wolfie
anyways today I got Ryan with me Swayze
baby what up guys it's your boy baby
baby mr. GQ model ok mystic mason that
aka mr. guys today we are reacting to
logan paul's santa claus dis track
because blow gangs for life no games why
do you hate logan I love so weird but
thing is I love lemon I'm a low gangster
I'm a jig ball so you guys have been
flooding my comments because like I
still a lot of reactions I'm like I
laugh I've kind of slowed it down but
you guys are like that's cuz I'm an auto
look at your channel buddy yeah let's go
check out the new yet a video of my just
filmed it's so amazing we are reacting
to logan paul's diss track and then a
few of jake paul songs because there has
been so much damage better
Logan why whoa cuz I'm a bandwagon ER
and I pick who had I'm more of a jig
Polaris alright well then what's his
most recent blog you don't watch reading
reading Erica's ex-boyfriend that is
time ago Noah's that's like three days
so anyways we're gonna start off with
the big one this has 21 million views in
like a couple weeks blog and Paul's
saying a diss track I might have an
issue with this because don't
conditioner ok yeah that's my dog bro
he's been riding with me since I was
born
he keeps delivering to me next year he
won't cuz I'll be 18 I'll be an adult
but all 17 years of my life is that it
came through so the fact you're gonna
dis some Logan you're fuckin over this
yeah hey just said brother so many
there's a bunch of dislikes cuz kids are
definitely hurt you can't do
but my beam so let's just get right into
it skip this McDonald's app actually
let's put this play on that lovely bones
I love because the sponsor II sponsor me
by the way because we have a lot of diss
tracks I'm gonna try not to pause it a
billion times dwarf mom boy Africa by
the way if you need Burt's Wolfie raps
calm don't buy the Maverick merch by the
wolf irrational just like lits guy got a
horse oh my god he's only gonna be
working that is how I guarantee only
maverick merchants 60 percent of lines
are above average okay cuz I'm nice
facts Oh like there's lines you don't
cross them one of those lines is don't
talk about crushing missus class that
loves fire line only I give mrs. Claus
the edge what's crushing only I give
business Clause the inches was he
talking about though I don't even get it
you if you guys don't know what he's
talking about what do you mean he just
leave it like that he hit her twice like
physically fun well you can't be doing
that I don't you he crushed her he
crushed it what's that mean having
something I don't know just let it let
your mind go guys but all I'm saying is
we should not be talking about crushing
static that's what you drop your heart
it's really deep okay okay
because he knew how are you gonna take
that line and the already defended if
suppose a good line I mean got us that's
predictable is the plane has to do
anything at the video
what is the horse have to do anything
with the video you could've got rapiers
I know how much you make what was it
like what the like horse have to do
anything you just say what could we get
we T in the background who won 18 Louie
who that Bryan tell me how I thought it
was Logan on the right here at 118 get
its back hi guys mm wraps this guy's on
fire that's all I gotta say bro why are
we fat shaming you should drink more
milk nonfat what is this guy saying why
why why what is that I'm missing all
these lines
what does fat mean like what am I like
white what's little what is heavy why
why should why did they sanity to be
skinny like you know it's because
society tells us that one may look
better like when they're skinny all I'm
saying is wolfy wraps merch fits every
size yeah we don't discriminate wolfy
rocks calm I would never do that
you know what I mean guys like I'm
looking for if you hate mr. Fuji's more
attaching oh thank 9
Koufax queue up what do you play with
little kids why only one reindeer lid
give a bat
it is a catchy song yes thank you that's
the line imagine he actually is like
yeah yeah let me get Logan falls back
like I socked a liver friends the role
he said I just want a mouth with that
dirty south I just got that all right so
that is the first I can see how people
like it though as a kid as a kid I can
tell the kid as a kid I said I said 17
you're almost a cheater I'm not but I
personally would rather bump check the
statistics link in description Apple
music and spotify you know where to
download it and like i don't cuz they
just gonna buy it at will for you at
home they already know wolf you ask
ourselves on how to smash I mean there's
maverick merch or you can flip it up and
go wolf emerge so it is what it is but
you don't need to know you don't need to
pick sides
you could go maverick and Wolfie but I
go mad maverick turn it up it's a wolf
logo these taking shots what I'm saying
turn that six upside down that's a nine
now Wow
anyways second track of the day we're
gonna go out Jake balls for a little
game super I am very low gangster but
you should buy my merch Lincoln bar next
one we're gonna react to is it's every
Christmas Day bro what not like Jake is
built this long enough but it's the
YouTube game guys this is restring jerry
purpdrank
that's right Nick Crompton chantin II
didn't even get their own names one of
my personal faves Erika bro he's never
said anything bad about Erika mess like
Erika costal hiss hiss never anything
bad
hey mom these brothers know I like the
branson Anthony I love you guys but bro
you guys need to see this yeah a
separate day with Anthony that's why
I'm sorry I am so sorry
Oh God anyways oh yeah yeah that's nice
it's like imagine ours is like wait wait
Utrecht ways that it would it would
obviously be wolfy a scrabble is kind of
long so I can leave you understand -
yeah but why didn't it crompton just get
Nick you Nick Nick Crompton - this one
here we go
boom I love this song
you come some rich folks I love I have a
mercifully it's a genius idea either the
word explode this genius idea wolfy a
stock car company same beat as if every
day bro classics in Japanese five mil
what I'm impressed can we speak about
that line 5 mil on Christmas presents
never done before no we did what are you
buying grow is that limb who's that
Lambo for no you're not slick you it
500k where's the other ones only silly
504 presents Jared keep flexing bro I
love that's book best beyond apply crazy
that's beyond the fly love it if I make
less than 75 I didn't jump off a bridge
you probably donated he donated he might
get sell cuz that's a lot of money for a
hero i rated a lake anthony's arse
complete
that's a collectible of the elves guys
like minnows we need lots of girls in
the video get all the girls
I read the outfit yeah jeez a good line
should add ice with it again
don't ever we're looking like 1 minute
righto that's you're saying your careers
short-lived or you're actually trying to
like do a double jab come on boy right
Jesus front of key likes it I mean I can
go get race right now check the
statistics anyways our fourth row row
watch your best friends - I hit it twice
ok let's go back to one minute Christmas
day bro Jake Bohm I'm a British Santana
save why does he have to be why does he
have a British Santa ro you know it's
baby crawl this blows get punished no
but I'll tell you this gift stage
dropping my Christmas obviously pop ha
ha ha ha actually I don't know if
someone goes through this effort for him
but practicing see how worthy
Oh upset where I just took in a line
that he said he said he changes that is
my country because it was getting so
much then he knew even if you memed it
the second time you lose after nick in
the song it's noisy I don't know it
might be Tressa Brooks where's my girl
Tessa where's my boy
Martinez twins where's Emilio and Yvonne
bro we want to hit it anyways Japanese
as goner this new team time member plus
I can see it Sippi which is crazy that's
crazy I like that The Grinch those edits
are fire he wasn't on the last one
oh well you wouldn't admit a panda I
made some ice kind of it oh I don't
think she had her opps like first oh
she's taking bro this is Tesla Park
she's the ten surprised she even comes
in with the test afloat oh ha that's
your ass bro bro bring back my girls
let's look I'm flat like a jockey when
voice alone
it's that church this week the low when
you are too lazy to write your this flow
in lines
hashtag bring back Tesla in the comments
guys well we leave it's Christmas the
drummer Tom stress will be outside
combat memory but I can't hear anything
else with the original team literally
like it's so hard I'm cancelling this
song at three minutes and 33 seconds we
got to just do one or two more songs
guys like honestly half of the lines are
buy my merch yeah I like that wait would
do it with the jeans as a fluffy yeah it
was a nice outfit but bro I don't I'm
all about quality content as you can see
like these reaction videos their quality
content but like the thing is guys like
oh you put a little more like I know he
uploads daily so I'll cut Jake slack cuz
like he's uploading three times a day
that's I already know how he does it
what look at this three fields but like
god damn bros he's flooding out songs
bro i'm like you could tell that he
wrote wrote them in like ten second
thing I can realize I'm ten seconds and
then Jerry purpdrank opt on the song
because he's like you know I need some
Khloe balls do this or I'm on that
they're just not oh no Jake Jake knows
ass anyways guys that strongly I liked
Logan's better but Logan only dropped
one and Jake drops five so we're going
on - Jake seconds on Ryan Jay Paul deck
the halls' featuring Anthony Oh truly
drill you
this one
walking in with that crazy getting in
the zone yeah cause the greatest of all
time yes take part is the greatest of
all time nobody is doing it like this
the folks who actually love yeah he has
nice
that's a big lineup posit guys help us
but that's that's a better flex would
fire if you don't know what Rodeo is
basically like want to grow Drive what's
your daily drive Wow but I park my
sleigh on the road be Rodeo Drive is
like like that's right in Beverly Hills
where you buy all the expensive flows
actually I bought this fire you guys to
know by the way this is off wait if you
didn't know by the way this is before
the rest of these - anyways off white
shirt oh but there's still a lot of
designer which means like he's rich so
but we don't do that families
now he wrote this in 20 seconds yeah
where's the rich black here's a genius
I'm literally just like eating cuz I'm
jealous to be honest guys the moms
killing me in it that's how I looks like
check the statistics link live shit it's
so hard to the hole if you flex like
that with my money there would be a
problem guys this is like me right and
Ryan there's a really like they were
check the statistics I always saying my
Ryan wasn't saying that so it chooses me
when Anthony's like yeah
Gucci I'm fighting for it he post one
day a week through maximum what there's
a team ten cut I'll let him slide on
that I just like I don't know like I
can't do it Cahill we're gonna do one
last song and we're just gonna skim
through it just to see if it's any
different than the rest I mean there's
so many this guy is like a whole I think
is a genius no Jake is a genius Jake
Paul all I want for Christmas we're
gonna go to 14 seconds go
part about it
pod hold up let me go to 14 seconds what
oh my god oh you choose me
No
I can't tell you guys what I just said
for you oh oh my god no no take pause I
can't do this on on that note close the
laptop - jeepers the greatest of all
time I can't I literally him and his
brother are geniuses plug the merge as
much as possible Walter Raths calm if
you have for some reason not bought
their merch already or you wanna buy
more merch I mean there's still my merch
out here guys and the same website you
could buy there yeah you can buy on my
on their website fan Joe's got there or
just go to whoopee our comm link in the
description please caught my merch I
know you guys don't want it's Savage
it's late okay so if you're real savage
no college we're gonna end the video off
there guys if you enjoyed this if you
want me to do more reactions in the
future with your boy Swasey and in
general hit the like button 35,000 likes
with your damn elbow
hurry up hit it right now also subscribe
to our boy Swayze baby yeah you know
I'll give a case I love you can make it
and you miss me aka I miss you I love
you link in the description youtube.com
slash Ryan so he's yeah yeah that was we
have these young fellow
I love you why why defender he's your
guy yeah why not leaders ooh tell the
fans Savage
this is too late please let go
