hey yo what's poppin it's your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy today is a
big day it is my birthday
I'm turning nine and a half so it's a
big day for me I'm gonna be able to eat
lollipops on my own and ride roller
coasters by myself so right now I'm in
David's house he has the same camera as
me we don't really have anything planned
for today I told Sylvia not to like plan
anything crazy because I really wanted
to just edit on my birthday but I was
like no I need to give myself a break
and birthday sex yeah yeah today we are
going to mandarin me and a bunch of my
friends my brother my sister we're gonna
go get Chinese food and then I don't
really have anything else planned for
the rest of the day but I'll bring you
guys along because you guys need to be
here on my birthday too and you guys
better be turning up tonight
just cuz it's my birthday rocket you're
injured what happened oh rocket
I've never seen you run for me I won't
hurt you Rockets injured yo he's hurt
bro motivational words from Dave out of
the womb off no my actual
motivation what is that
take a DT for DFT for what my name is
I'm not gonna try it
Oh God by the way the reason dad's not
coming with us to get food is because
every single member of albo when it's
their birthday jad makes them a birthday
rap so today's my birthday rap so dad's
gonna be sitting and editing while we're
munching Chinese food yeah we just found
out about this like an hour ago so it's
all good everybody I'm gonna link dad's
video here it should be up the same time
this videos up so go check that out when
you're done this video no the wolf rams
in it that's all I'm telling you the
whole Femmes in it the wolf Femmes in it
so if you're part of the wolf at you
guys have to see it then because we're
in it and I expect bars cuz I just
dropped a diss track yeah exactly this
knowledge pressure if you gotta come in
and um so it's like it's like 80% done
so ok bless so guys expect that I'll
leave a link in the description as well
second time going to Mandarin in like a
weeks man this is my little literally my
second time here in Ottawa yeah
grad my birthday I don't go here
everyday but so we're waiting for the
towels to come so we clean our hands
before we eat in water everyone's here
to go well I see the towels now you're a
snake this guy told it was my birthday I
didn't see it yeah you did
now they're gonna come and see me and EJ
my god say Michael I'm gonna come sing
good I hate this look at all this food
like there's just food here food their
food their dessert their white food
there I got my chicken balls torpedo not
overfill these places yeah we need to we
need to save room for like 5 or 6 plates
so via got white food garlic credit
onion rings so I'm absolutely bloated
after like a second plate for some
reason like I didn't eat that much but
then you see DJ over here with all his
dessert this is just like third round
dessert got a foot believe it
David's got dessert my brother still has
food so he has had a dessert you had
like a nibble of a celery stick and
you're done hopefully they forget to
sing me a birthday song because I'm
trying to cut there
forget hey can we grab the fill I was
just about to ask you if you want to
thank happy birthday right now sure I'll
be back in - sure sure sure
oh yeah number two but never say so look
oh I'm down for a high yes I'm ready I'm
ready
what I don't know but I've been talking
old I got my king have you ever looked
how'd you feel about that bro there's I
was kind of oh no not that bro someone
take that clip and upload it on hashtag
cringe compilation check out this new
fridge magnet thank God look at me good
might have some things over let's see if
this fits on oh right on my mini fridge
first sticker on my mini fridge I got my
birthday sticker so I'm gonna grab an
energy drink and then I think the plan
right now is I'm gonna go to the boys
house for a bit Sylvia got me NHL 16 for
my birthday so I'm gonna grab a
controller go over there and game with
David and DJ for a bit until my dad gets
off work and then I'm gonna go back to
the car dealership and like science and
papers I'm pretty sure I don't know if
I'm getting the car officially today but
if not today I should have it in a few
days so I'm pretty excited my brother's
gonna drop me off there with my parents
and like then we won't have a car to get
home it would be convenient if they gave
me the car so I could get home after cuz
I won't have a car my brother will have
it I didn't want much for my birthday so
like I told everyone really not to get
me anything because I don't need
everything I have everything I could
possibly need like all my setup and all
that but Sylvia got me basically a
shitload of chocolate you could tell
that like my family I think's alight
because look my brother got me I came my
room this morning it said happy birthday
big bro
this guy said love you of super proud of
you inspire me to work a harder every
day enjoy a half-eaten bag of chips on
me Smeg off me to half-eaten bags of
chips thank you I appreciate that
honestly like I'm nine and a half now so
like birthday presents don't mean as
much to me anymore so like I don't want
anything crazy so the game is me versus
DJ and David because I beat them in a
game of black and white I'm gonna be
Vancouver Canucks they're gonna be
Pittsburgh
you know Pittsburgh just want to Stanley
Cup yeah so if you guys don't win then
you're like what he will win that's my
phone this guy just took 70 photos on my
phone oh here we go
which one's better just like that one
Sean came on my team halfway through the
match and we're winning now look at this
yeah your goalie is like in Narnia final
score is 3 2 we went waiting in the car
dealership free popcorn so he is
obviously in a market that's ok this is
essentially the whip I'd be buying
except without the leather seats the
definitely extra money but this mad
comfy super ride and the trunk space is
huge back there I'm the sunroof I don't
know about the sunroof yet I'm gonna ask
how much that costs to upgrade but it's
a clean whip so Sylvia just got a new
car is it comfy lots of space oh yeah
the car looks way too big for you that's
way too big for you
this is how you get cheese on YouTube
have you seal in there mean this car
feels too small oh yeah look at your
knees Nathan I can't I don't think you
could ever own a sports car you're just
way too big
don't break anything trills damn
somebody reading Murphy work the wall
Wow okay why are they like opening the
view okay so I made an executive
decision basically I didn't know if I
wanted like a sunroof or not so I was
gonna get it in I think it might have
been a color like this it was gonna be
like a dark grey or something like that
but if I wanted it with a sunroof which
I decided last second I wanted it with a
sunroof this is the color I'm getting it
in over there the 2014 one this is
basically the color Sylvia says it's
like an old man color but honestly I I
 with this like that
if I get tinted windows which this one
doesn't really have no and if I get
better rims it's gonna look nice what
are your thoughts on the way boss no
that's a night that's the one I'm pretty
2050 cuz it's 2016 I'm excited I think I
get the car I should have the car in
like two days
so I'm stoked
you got me cake I got you key I see past
this Syria gelateria desert why'd you
get aside oh the chocolate torte oh my
god okay I'm having a bite no one more I
don't care to eat it with everyone I
just want our girls let me have a bite
I'm just gonna cut it's not very festive
I don't give a crap I can see that a
thick chocolate torte is it thick it's
like cake
oh my god was there like six types of
chocolate in there I don't know maybe
Wow
oh my god yeah you know as much as I
want to take a day off and just not edit
not think about YouTube not do anything
just sick hang out with Sylvia
and do whatever even on days like today
where it's my birthday all I can think
about is YouTube so I'm gonna head over
to the boys house
and probably edit a vlog on my birthday
and then we're probably just going to
take it easy maybe drink a bit and play
so NHL and some of the new games Sylvia
got me because my family's busy today
like we all have different schedules
we're not gonna have like a sit-down
dinner yet for my birthday we're
probably gonna have it on the weekend
that'll be when everyone's free and we
can all sit down neat and actually kind
of celebrate my birthday but right now
it's just like a typical Wednesday is
behind the scenes of a david parody blog
if you guys want to get seven and loves
and subscribers Oh Newark Yankees hat a
black shirt and then make fun of the
thing that's basically all you have to
do yeah behind the scenes some chilling
at the boys house and they've just got
me some pizza cuz my birthday and he
owed me some money so we're gonna muck
some pizza right now I'm uploading a
vlog to more Wolfie so you guys will see
that well that rods gonna be a before
this block commute brother
showed up but I appreciate it he's just
chillin he's mute dad's just talking
exactly he's talking you knows how to
talk as I'm talking exposed let me see
these pizzas are we doing our pizza
challenge
thanks for the title right I will Pizza
challenge oh thank you
marking pizza for the 20th day in a row
I need to stop this addiction so we're
spending the night watching fan videos
right now all of our boys watching fan
videos for sure I love you guys so if
you guys are these kids watch like in
this video shout out to you guys for
doing the bean boozled challenge okay
okay
yeah you see that kid is just like is
hey young filmmakers next up is Jukes
squad meet shut up
so that's you rope I dig that echo hog
yes who are your favorite youtubers you
make awesome videos too man
I look yeah shout out to Mickey man for
going on a rant about us like we're
doing a tutorial for your shout out to
you for watching our video no making it
if you're watching this right now I'm
gonna subscribe to your channel yeah
Yugi you just earned yourself some
subscribers so we're watching a video
and the tags go honestly I love you for
trying but Brody look at these tags
David wrote it yeah boy each designs
with zip chatter the jig alright and me
alright so yes
where's the kitty nerdy kitty it's about
right
least you got my name right all right
guys I think I'm gonna end the vlog off
now shout out to you guys we got a man
of the volume out shows to you guys let
me let me go first don't be rude to you
guys if you made it this firing a blog
make sure to give the video a big thumbs
up let's see if we can hit 3000 and if
you guys have videos that you want to
film and drop on YouTube then all you
have to do is put me in the tags and I
will react to them because
honestly we've been walking watching
I'll see you guys next time
ugh we've been watching your videos for
like the past hour
but honestly they're hilarious so just
honest you just put me in the tanks and
I will probably watch them when I'm
bored all my birthday I'm
watching your videos but that's it for
today I will see you guys probably
tomorrow or the next day with a new
video and remember stay a little bit
more savage than wolf your apps I know
