hey you with Papa tissue boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy I'm chillin
in my room it is one o'clock but there's
a lot plan for today so the first thing
on my list is fix this hairline
hopefully that can be done your ably
sometime in the near future
second thing is go to dollar Ella for
her pick up some video supplies third
thing me and DJ are gonna go house
shopping just really just looking at
these houses my mom's talking about
buying houses and I just want to give my
input on these houses so I'm going to
like this big neighborhood where there
is houses on the water we're gonna go
check those out hopefully they're
blessed even though they don't really
none of this matters to me I just want
to go check them out final time I have
one every morning morning routine go
check out my channel for that no soon
come hmm
who are you gotta have my coffee in the
morning straight from my called Arnold
yeah okay oh I'll have the whip in like
10 minutes and then we're gonna go okay
but all right chef Silvia teach us first
we got a spring yeah I'm done
okay I'm back ah all right you can go so
for this we're gonna need eggs cheese
where's the cheese cheese and bagels
guys quick thing Sylvia doesn't know how
to make kraft dinner without looking at
the instructions so this is an
accomplishment the fact that she can
make a sandwich without instructions
Kaneesha vodka good job you're so
annoying how are we gonna be couples
goals if all you do is swear me on cam
why are you so rude to me now suppose my
how are we gonna be couples goals people
look up to us they look up to us they'd
be annoyed by you to look up to I see
thank you okay then you need a spatula
get me a spatula
one spatula coming up what that's not a
spatula yeah it is
that's a whisk oh yeah true that's not a
spatula that's a frigging spoon thing
guys I'm going to show you a simple
magic trick you can do with one of these
spoons that's all you need okay ready
does it look like it's floating yeah
look at that it looks like it's floating
doesn't it yeah but it was just at my
arms so entirely dying out of your
friends try it out with some parents it
should work what's the last step last
step
cuz the cheese are soaking melt but the
cheese on the egg so it can melt okay
pesto fill lower temperature to a low
temperature
got it you want to show your channel of
YouTube that sounds like alright it's
youtube.com slash Silvia Gani go here's
the link go subscribe my mom's watching
some music please let me see these music
Li's I got my breakfast here with some
sriracha I'm gonna be dissing it in oh
those are yours why why FaceTime to get
cat food problems okay what do you want
here
do you want Mandy from the cup yep my
mom makes me FaceTime her when I'm
getting some food
cans cans yeah PFF um two nine chicken
Jesus I'm getting a cart we get so much
food she needs a basket seafood chicken
pumpkin chicken drumstick natural
chicken breast and natural chicken with
cheese was my life come to look at all
this food cats they eat too much I'll be
back good you don't eat that good
exactly mm-hmm
humans don't eat this good why the cats
get this oh wow this one's cute how much
are they
you can buy the pets from here there's
Humane Society okay adoption for them
okay I think are 251 okay I might buy it
right now
they're so cute Oh oh my god we are at
the barber now so this is my last resort
please fades hooking up this is before
level one it might be a point but you'll
know before let's see after if you want
to get hooked up go to shawnette fades
but if he my hairline up don't go
to shot at base you got one chance okay
so I just got my hair cut
peep this is the first tree hairline
I've ever had it hey where's your the
turn around turn around I see
Oh yo so we're both looking fresh now
now I don't know what I want to do that
is I feel fresh yeah I feel fresh haha
they don't know how fresh I look
pigs on the line up in a while exactly
they like this light-skinned in
this nice lineup okay we need some waxed
dental floss for my mom hey Rox dental
floss that was quick holy crap yo
let me know if any of you guys in the
comments need my my hairline as a ruler
like if you want to pass school or
something cuz it's straight as oh
this is the view of a tall person like
the crow she's the barber
peep this is how I see all the time
detail he could DJ loves his honey so he
smelt it out I think I found it
bloodhound that's not there oh this is
just way polluted
why don't right here oh hey like this
have you ever eaten Jesus I swear I've
never had it in my life honestly maybe
twice and I'm scared to eat it and if I
ever had it was like hot lunches like
some like some white kid gave you a
biter to give me a bite bread cheese
reciprocal way now okay slice cheese
melt it down and put it into a jar for
649 on did you with the Ritz
crackers Oh oh the cheese ones yes so in
Metro I don't know why like I've logged
there before but for some reason today
people were sketched out about the
camera being out like I was vlogging
myself and DJ I understand you don't
want cameras out but like but why are
you so why you so scared of a camera I
get it when it's like you're in a
clothing store and they're like don't
take pictures of cuz like sometimes
people take pictures of things some
China when I'm vlogging myself like I
have the camera on myself like why you
need to be shook you don't need to be
shook just lighten up but shout out to
the lady there who who is kind of
understanding I love you so right now we
are in this neighborhood that my mom
wants to potentially move in the houses
over here they just get bigger and
bigger as you go through the
neighborhood so we're just gonna check
out a few houses some of them are really
nice like like this one happens to be
huge alright but yeah they get bigger
alright so you guys are getting at my
live reaction to seeing some of these
houses some of the Oh bro what is the US
Embassy singer
dog things for what just just what
here's where we know we're getting to a
big house of gates here gates
yeah gated community how many cars you
have oh six
Wow
there's people sitting on the friend
there's us need you guys's can't roll
the window dry drive truck like some
diplomat look at this one cook on the
left side that's my modern house
that's my that modern house but
Willie's bro this is just dreams goals
after Google its cottage living back
here so we had to come to the ultimate
store AKA home depot and we also grabbed
the girl because face time wasn't doing
enough so she had to come with us to
find this hook you're gonna get a hook
and potentially something oh there's a
lot of lights I think we are in the
right section when we're dipping sauce
and that's it it's gonna be like creamy
garlic so this is the hook that you
needed I just gave you and these are all
different types of covers you can put
like these this is gonna be hard to
install it was explaining it to me it's
kind of hard literally you just make a
hole but like if you make the hole too
big and then this thing will come out
like this thing you need to make a hole
and this opens up and doesn't let it
fall these barbecues this one out we
were wondering why I was so cheap half
off look at it from this angle this dent
do
that was me my bad yeah you got that mad
actually we need a barbecue at my house
two summers ago I used to barbecue
everything and now we don't barbecue
anything because you don't have a
barbecue so we had treating me because
she knows I'm broke
got no money I just bought my $25 car
don't want money for pizza right now
look at this extra sauce fish you just
gave I know I'm down for an extra it's a
piece of sauce guys pizza pizza just
dropped this new dipping sauce sriracha
creamy garlic its sriracha mixed with
the classic creamy garlic that they are
famous for like that so good let's
see hmm umm it is light installation
time so what we're gonna try and do is
so he has like a light here but she
wants a light in the ceiling above it
this is the light it's a long cord so
it's gonna hang down from the ceiling
like this and then we're gonna get a
cover for it after so basically at the
store we bought this hook this hook
that's going to hang from the ceiling so
that the light can hang mask thank you
first step is put the drill bit in the
drill loosen it up I'm tightening it out
hold on loosen it up you have to undo
this drill this drill is still up
from when I did the corn on the drill
challenge and it's literally clogged
with corn so okay progress here we go
listen nope my house try it should
fit it fits
now you gotta tighten it up and start
drilling next step is measuring to see
where it is even on the ceiling fifty
five and a half divided by two fifty
four and a half go 23 May 27 point five
twenty seven point two right that's it
what why the did I say that I got
it are you sure you wanna put under
pressure yeah I brought everything
changes alright so when am I gonna get
to drill
hmm just the straight angle good job so
now we're going to put this thing
through it so that when it goes up in
the ceiling it unclamped and then is
pretty sturdy nice it is in look at that
no gap between the ceiling I made sure
that hang it up and put the cord behind
your ear nothing alright guys so the
light is set up finally it looks kind of
blessed but we still need the cover yeah
we do we still do get cover over it yeah
so we're gonna find that in the next few
days with me and Destin are gonna go
upstairs play overwatch today has been a
long day I've literally been to like 60
different stores so I think I'm gonna
end the vlog off there but I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did make sure to
give it a huge thumbs up let's see if we
can get three thousand likes I know we
can we've been getting it so hit that
thumbs up button and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie and remember to stay
a little bit more savage than my main
channel Lego
