housing so Lars but you act like a bitch
is that Raphael or wolfies knows I can't
tell in this pic hey yo what's get your
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy and
welcome back to behind the scenes of my
roasts yourself challenge if you haven't
seen my actual main video on my main
channel I'll leave it the first link in
the description but yeah today we're
doing the roasts yourself challenge what
I need to do today is record the lyrics
get my mom to try and say the lyrics as
best that she can that I wrote for her
and then later on in the day we're gonna
film the music video hopefully that
doesn't take all night because tomorrow
I want to have all day to edit it and
then get it out by tomorrow night so
yeah let's see how this goes okay so I
just broke to my mom that she's wrapping
this verse so let's see how she does
have my mic set up here I'm gonna use my
blue Yeti I have another mic just like
that I use her like wrapping one I
actually wrap but uh we're gonna use
this just cuz it's convenient um yeah
this is basically the studio the editing
studio and everything is the same
recording studio so let's see what she's
got this is probably going to take the
next two to three hours we'll see so
quickly I'm gonna transfer all of my
lyrics that I just wrote for my mom
pretty simple lyrics so that she could
wrap them I'm going to transfer them all
onto my computer so she has a big screen
to read them off of instead of just my
phone so that's the first step yeah I
got the lyrics I'm gonna make them in
like a huge font in Microsoft Word so
that she cannot fuck up the lyrics are
you ready the cats cannot be in the room
way around can be come in or Amarra come
on lion
can you rap on beat I know you can't
write literally I'll tell you I will
tell you the line and when have I rapped
you never have to know why am i rapping
hope the words get bigger yeah I'll make
them bigger five six five six seven
eight I can't tell what's weaker Wolfie
or his stomach all you do is just
overreact about everything so kids love
okay you need more
you want me oh yes you do listen listen
to yourself I listen turn it up after no
no you have to talk loud Todd Lee I
can't tell what's weaker wolfy or his
stomach how loud I was talking nobody
you gotta go closer to the mic you
didn't tell me that hey you got any way
no I have this you choose me I can't
tell what's weaker wolfy or his stomach
all you do is just overreact about
everything so kids love it
that way that would make the cut I hate
that okay then you're gonna come in with
the next line having hit the gym in like
six months
is wolfy raps gettin chubby and he can't
get views on his own so his last resort
is his mummy Wow
and he can't get views on his own so his
last resort is his mummy did you fell
off at the end what you have to be
confident the whole time I was you know
you have to rap only background there's
no such thing
ah can be you haven't hit the gym in
like six months is multi raps getting
chubby and he can't get this on last
year's right there's no pause what prank
was supposed to evoke balloons yeah why
are you watching my behind-the-scenes
history are who you think I'm waiting I
don't was good okay Wolfie wraps Wolfie
wraps I call him Wolfie craps I'm here
to roast him put fire up
ask your turn grab those let's see if
you get these I can't do these I already
told you I don't even know what I was
saying my god I all his throws up
cheater
he is getting fat alright so we just
wrapped up on the vocals the eyelids and
everything my mom did surprisingly well
like we finished in like less than two
hours she actually had some rhythm so
she got heard lines like some of the
lines she got the first try so I was
impressed so I just need to edit the rap
now and then I'm done basically that
part the music videos next we're not
gonna go too hard on it but I'm probably
gonna shoot that tomorrow so I'm gonna
skip ahead to when we are shooting the
music video the next time you guys see
me will be when we're shooting a music
video which is probably tomorrow I'm
about to drop a video so I'm gonna
promote it and yeah be right back your
apps
I call him Wolfie crafts okay yeah two
rows to posit good job man you have to
look at the camera looking at the cat
okay we're just gonna do it off beat
that outfit Mandy I can't even see you
he's gonna do it like me we're hearing
all the way Whoopie rats will be wrapped
I'd call them Wolfie craps whoop your
ass whoop your ass I call them Wolfie
craps why do you think of this lame-o
date
Mandy okay I'm here to rope him on fire
the we'll be back from what to get it
I'm hearing all these rhymes for the
first time Amy having a new birthday is
that day lord knows I can't tell wait
till I hear that line if a pug in a
meatball killer had sex or something if
a pug and a meatball had sex wolfy lives
meatball had sex wolfy lives little
Mandy are you the Pug er than meatball
which one is Chris you have three more
lions
he is the cute funny more lines and that
means then use Christmas is the meat bow
please step down
listen Amanda Savage yes mom because
when we go to town Jude is a pony who
lives with his mama because while they
ain't got no talent
Dennett Mandy rap it's a rap on my mom's
Bruce I'm coming in I would have been
way worse Mandy I'm telling you man I
suck at that stuff you're so good oh no
I'm talking about no I don't you're way
better than I was for quickly how do you
feel about your outfit I love it it's
awesome mattress I designed it designer
over here I'm too tall tall it yeah so
what do you do gotta make it tall all
right whatever
this is right this is an ode I put
together so many videos like this
because I'm too tall for my shit tripod
so you have to have MacGyver together
MacGyver it okay God do we go do you
birthed a giant personal tales of course
I don't know a movie it's your whoopee
guard that's such a cake
in turn dude it's your boy wolfy dog
that's a chick easier name
you thought it was done the first roll
so you fucking kidding me here in his
video sheesh that was a flashback your
videos as Christ
Pinocchio just called me and he wants
his nose that low for his looking like
you leave it barber must have not have
seen this ok that is a wrap on the music
video
other than that it's just gonna be
editing which should be pretty hectic
because there's a bunch of rap lines
that I used that I'm gonna have to find
a specific photo but I plan for that
so my take took a couple drives my mom's
take I literally had to coach her
through every single line but we got it
done stay tuned for that video I hope
you guys came from that video to this
video just to see you like the stupid
shenanigans that we fuckin went through
to get this shit done and I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up especially if
you guys enjoyed the behind the scenes
on some of the stuff I do because
there's a lot of funny shit that goes on
behind the camera yes Silvia oh nice you
say camera set you later
shut up - Silvia for filming some behind
the scenes Oh subscribe to her Channel
right here
Silvia Gani shut up - Dustin for being
the DJ of the video and for helping out
chatter - my mom upstairs mom shout out
to you and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie and remember to stay a
little bit more savage on my main
channel leo
