hey yo what's poppin it's your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy I'm at my
dad's house and we got DJ editing David
just hit 700k Congrats
fuck you we got jag that just came back
today is a big day I am going car
shopping I finally had enough money I
saved up $1,000 to buy a car so it's a
big day yeah bro since I started my
youtube channel solo so you made like
three grand off youtube right Tina
yeah me and they were both getting cars
today matching cars I basically just
edited yesterday's vlog so that should
be up tonight and I'm gonna try
uploading not daily but like a lot on
this more wolfy Channel because you guys
seem to be fuckin with the vlogs guys
welcome to Sean's room if you've seen on
his channel he did a prank on jad
basically he put a lot of boxes in jazz
room so jad couldn't get in his room but
me and job don't roll that way
so weak that's weak Shaun you ever prank
my boy jad again bro this TV is going on
the fucking window this bed I'm pissing
on it fuck your table I don't even know
what else really I don't know what else
are good too I mean it doesn't really
have much else yeah yeah but we're gonna
kick this Layton she just got it you
know the computer you just got a
brand-new 2003 yeah we'll put other shit
in the box same box and we'll fucking
throw it off the balcony so he thinks
it's his computer oh I'm actually down
for that we love you Shawn
what are you doing David yeah that's a
long way down I honestly don't think
that the wood is strong after support
yeah look here yes Hawaii
oh no my boyfriend's calling me hold up
this hey boyfriend what's good yo what's
poppin I'll give this lady real bitch
I'm mad I'm at the house I'm chilling
yeah you're on more wolfy what's up more
Wolfie just to let you guys know I was
the first subscriber to horrible you
were did you bring the camera yet I'm
good I'm getting you right now no way
you're actually buying you're doing the
1k video know what you're doing the
video for one kid hey that's right okay
now you get a shout-out on more wolfy yo
guys
Ryan is buying a camera right now to
make his first video in like a few days
yo what the fuck why do you look like I
see a J this is David's first time
playing overwatch is he gonna get a kill
two screens jazz on the screen he's
beasting it out with David's like not
doing too well yes did oh nice healed it
get a kill come on
it's not Oh
let's see what you got jad yo e freeze
yourself okay oh you got a kill let's go
sniping Oh double kill so yeah I'm just
waiting on my dad at X table when we're
gonna go car shopping car shopping can I
get a large ice cap please with one
expresso shot in it I'm gonna get
something and for the next order can I
get a Caesar salad with the chicken
please do you have grilled chicken let
me just double-check yeah
that Davis here yeah I can make it with
the cricket perfect I'll take that do
you guys have extra kale and kale you
guys don't have Kaylee don't carry Gil
okay it's all good I didn't have kill
for David
daddy watching Ryan snapshots again real
serese is going in no he sent us a bit
of the threat this is a job for you to
put him on blast yeah you know that's
fouseytube sound effect yeah it's kind
of gay faggot so we're pulling up to
McDonald's to because some of the boys
you know they don't want to spend like
seven bucks on an ice cap they just want
to get there iced coffee dollar iced
coffees just jet IRA gusted yeah you're
not you're not getting any food for
trauma DJ oh really
David's not getting food now I'm like
actually you know we're we're a complan
to you can't get anything on McDonald's
yeah diet so I brought never and unless
it's like water today at six Big Mac so
who's that this can I make a separate
order as well yeah yeah something on a
separate bill yeah got that was 315 go
ahead to the necklace yeah medium rare
medium private well does that do right
yeah medium fry yep curly was that rose
I didn't hey okay thank you
I'm lying it for rocket yeah yeah thank
you boys I did it and you just good just
got a solid deal bro dude big delivery
yeah okay we're going in 20 minutes it
is a beautiful ass day outside the sun
is shining very bright fucking in the
sky and you know what I'm just in a good
mood today so just dropping by the house
David's gonna upload a video and then
we're gonna go as soon as my dad gets
home because I don't know anything about
cars soon so we played ourselves you
can't go to Honda because they closed
early I like 5 o'clock 6 o'clock so now
we're going to Kia here and to be Hino
Mazda is right over there too you know
you're getting
fit which you hate for not getting a
shirt I'm not getting out of those cars
my budget is $25 I'm gonna see if I can
get anything about
yeah only 25 no 25 what are we doing now
driving the car driving the car we went
in Mazda and turns out I know every
single employee there for some reason I
don't know why but I saw a car that I
liked and we're getting some loyalty
program we got a car salesman blah blah
blah anyways so the car is going to come
out the front we're going to test drive
it around here and hopefully I like this
car and then we're gonna see the colors
and everything are you excited I'm so
excited for you Charles so you don't
drive my car ever again are you excited
I'm excited
look at this whip it's a test drive team
you talk to the car you go start my own
call god no friend
screeching songs right here volume
automatic on/off headlights
take a right on the road we didn't die
that's good good job Charles how did you
feel about that good punches you want
our thought how do you feel you just
signed for your first car sir
Faiza sighs first car I'm so proud okay
guys so I might have just bought my
first car I'm pretty sure I bought my
first car so you guys will see it soon
I'm gonna drop the video on my main
channel cuz that's fuckin big but I
didn't just go in there by it I looked
online and honestly I'm a Mazda Mon so
holy your boy wolfy might have a whip
hey let's go so I'm heading over right
now to go tell the boys that I think I
just bought a car I honestly want to see
their reaction so me and the boys we
have this word called Guinea pigging
basically it's like when you do
something first or you like the first to
try something else because you know how
like when scientists are testing shit
out like they make a guinea pig do it
before they test it on humans
basically me and Dave have been buying
the same shit like we just bought the
same vlogging camera we bought the same
MacBook basically like all this shit so
me and him have been talking about like
you know who's gonna buy the car first
and I told him I told him that I'm gonna
fuck him by at first and it's not really
an accomplishment but I told him that I
would guinea pig this fucking cart so
I'm a break in the news and honestly I
just want to see what he says about this
with videos when you have a group of
friends like you just find a competition
about everything so we actually read a
competition about buying a car first
doughboys oh I bought a car
no I forgot about MySpace just looks
yeah I swear to God I swear to God would
you like 2016 Mazda 3GS ah fuck you I
told the vlog I'm Guinea he'd get me
thinking before you I told you cause the
car first big role especially and I
drove it bro the new ones look fucking
filthy and I test drove it no I don't
even know 2016 2016
ok so we're watching the Golden State
Cavs game and Dave just reminded me that
he had 700 cable and I didn't take a
shot for it yet so are you gonna drink
with me yeah this is cheers to one milk
okay so the game is almost over
fucking Golden State and the Cavs are
really close actually I'm just
downstairs in the boys house but quickly
about the car we did a break test where
I went fast as fuck and then he told me
to take my hands off the steering wheel
and just see how good the brakes were so
I took my hands off the steering wheel
going fast as hell and slammed on the
brakes
pretty much that sold me on the car like
I already knew I was probably gonna get
this car before going into the
dealership but I actually wanted to test
drive it and everything to see if like
it fit me right and all this stuff but
yeah I just wanted to fill you guys in
that your boy Wolfie is probably gonna
have a current soon so I'm super excited
about that oh my god let's go you guys
fucking kill me with some of the
snapchats you sent me this person you
sent me a snap of a baby he's like you
guys send some funny stuffs so add me on
snapchat if you haven't already I do I
try and open as many as I possibly can
shut it to Toronto right here shout out
to all my active supporters on snapchat
because I do try and open all your
snapchats alright so it is like fucking
12:30 at night I'm tired as fuck tonight
for some reason but I'm gonna end the
vlog off now me and Sophia are about to
go get some food rather gonna get like a
shawarma or pizza or something and yeah
I will see you guys soon on more will be
with another video because I've I seem
to be dropping a lot on this channel
lately so I love you guys thank you for
coming and subscribing to this second
channel I really fucking appreciate it
and as always remember to stay a little
bit more savage than my fucking main
annal leggo
