hey yo what's good is your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy I'm chillin
in the car in Iowa Silvia so they show
them your makeup no she just did a video
where a challenge video where she
painted a man later in on her face or
something no it's the hot look at my
pimple face with my laters right now I'm
gonna go pick up my mom from the gym and
then I'm probably gonna go pick up
supplies to prank her so she doesn't
even know that I'm gonna prank her in
the next few days like she legit thinks
she's fine a little did she know she's
about to get murked in the next few days
right after this camera that I'm using -
it's a fucking g7x mark - so hopefully
the sound quality on this camera is
better than my last camera I'm vlogging
and driving so he's calling me out
you're gonna get us killed you're gonna
get it just snapchatting you're no
better than me just arrived at the gym
human 2.0 if you guys want to get DS de
nada that's the place to go I mean I I
don't go there often but if you want to
ever run it to you boy wolfy that's
where you want to go hey my sisters
their sisters coming out roll down the
window his mom coming work never worked
at nothing she's not coming
I never mind I've just picked up my
sister now my sobbing our being knows a
Mean Girls reference
what are you I'm trying to get food okay
I'm trying to go home because I don't
mean like so all right I have money
okay you wanna I'll take you home for
the vlog for the vlog for the vlog laugh
laugh hahaha
so we're in the dollar store right now
I'm picking up balloons because the
prank I'm gonna be pulling on my mama
involves a lot of balloons probably like
a thousand to be exact so got a cop them
I don't know where they are balloons
balloons glow sticks ladies fucking no
nope balloons balloons 10 balloons I
will need probably a hundred of these $1
$100 fuck I need cheaper balloons 15
balloons 10 balloons well mega pack how
many are in there and I'm gonna need one
of those pumps too because legit I'm not
blowing them all up by my fucking mouth
so I'm gonna grab these pumps at this
store I think I'm gonna grab these
balloons that Sylvia has the thing about
these balloons is that they don't say
how many there is they just say in grams
there's 100 compared to 10 so I'm
literally sitting in my room like
chillin waiting for my video to upload
right now by the time this vlogs out you
guys will see the video I reacted to
cringey musically as honestly they
weren't as bad as I thought they were
gonna be but they were still pretty
fucking bad so that video will be up in
an hour I'm deciding if I want food or
not I'm pretty hungry right now Sylvia
just ditched me to go chill with her
family they're in town for the day and
her graduation she's graduating from
University tomorrow so I gotta wake up
early to go to that but yeah she ditched
me to go hang with them so I'm like solo
dolo
wolfy in my room no elbow no nothing and
I don't know about you guys I don't like
getting food on my own like I like going
with friends to get food like it just
feels weird when I when I walk into the
store and just grab food for myself like
unless I'm going somewhere but I have
nowhere to go right now so let's see if
any other boys want food
yo DJ you trying to go grab food or no
fuck you so okay yo Sean you want to go
grab a pizza
fuck the fuck Jam you're David we should
go grab subs man I'm fucking hungry okay
bro fucking relax
jad my man trying to get food okay food
alone okay so Omar actually messaged me
just now perfect timing
so me and Omar are gonna go grab some
food literally there's always something
for me to do but for some reason as soon
as sylvia cuts I literally have no one
to fucking show it so Omar only lives
like a 10 minute drive away I'm gonna go
with boss to see Omar I honestly don't
know how but like I have one to two
meals a day like I'm six five and I
weighed an all-time I have like 250
pounds right now
I've never weighed this I'm fat as fuck
but right now I'm eating the least I've
ever eaten so like I guess if you just
want to lose weight eat more for some
reason that that's how shit works out
but I'm also not working out that much
right now so I probably fucks me up a
bit okay so Omar's house is around think
I fucking missed it jeez Walmart's
living in a house for the summer and I
don't haven't been there yet but we have
to turn around and I can't communicate
with Omar because this fucking guy never
pays his phone bill so we were trying to
have like Facebook conversation like
Facebook FaceTime this guy couldn't hear
what he was saying so I was literally
like miming out he was living out his
address to me so I could find out where
he lives
it is home where yeah there's no spot
buddy there's no spot where we're Park
there don't choose me this guy as soon
as he sees the camera flips where do I
put rotors fucking blow up in your room
just block a sidewalk it's a quick ting
you know okay hey
Oh actually I just ran up to I'm sorry
no you stay here this pot cut this is
take one Hey oh here this in I want more
Ottoman welcome to my crib
give me the linear the living room okay
hey no this is nice space but we have
aluminum quarters here we have joy
Bautista in the back here as you can see
by the lavish would only IKEA spine is
fake this is called a mirage II got from
Ikea it's what's called Magica is it
actually no we have the kitchen area
when you got food catered by your finest
shwarma palace hey is our plate two
plates when you got through please yeah
bro geez moving on I just did my laundry
I swear to God I just did my laundry and
I go I graduated today oh I don't cry no
I had to get all my shit together
we have my room here got a couple for
the fam I'm not that invisible poster
the jerseys meh you back to Omar's room
in his old house fuck you it looks the
exact same
Gary the washroom oh wow as defined by
the bathroom zone on the on the door
why are you got a second oh no and then
this is just a storage room yeah bless
so I forgot to plug it but I just worked
this Chinese food yeah sorry about that
should have shared it with you guys but
yo I'm just watching and reading
comments on my new video the cringe
musically one and you guys are actually
leaving some positive last comments so
there might be a part 2 coming soon
shoutout to Omar you bet my boy
right yeah when's your next vid Omar
quit YouTube Cobar quit YouTube 2016 yo
yo yo yo I got a 50k so I want to think
you can poor choices yeah you need more
than two videos I'm not your grandma
okay so the guys left and I'm gonna do
some fan mail unboxing because I was
gonna wait to open this but you know
I've been waiting and waiting and
waiting and nobody said anything so I'm
just gonna open it
shout to Michel for actually sending me
something not shut up to the rest of the
whole family
and sent me something fucking send me
something oh my god
hold up yo elbow crewnecks I'm actually
crying Thank You Misha this is a fucking
amazing this is a medium so this is for
I'm guessing big dick Dave another
medium I'm hoping these last two larges
for me and Jeb Oh an exhale holy shit
this might be for me as if you don't my
size and one more which is an XL so for
this is for John hi wolfy an album I'm
watching your videos for a while now and
your stuff is amazing so that's it for
the fan mail unboxing I'm still waiting
on other stuff with it send me stuff my
P o box is in the description I'm
probably now that I got these sweaters
actually I think I might run over to the
to the boys and give them their sweaters
because why not
so I'm heading over to the boys house
and I'm gonna tell them I made album
merch without them so I want to see
their reaction when I tell them that and
I'm walking in with the album fucking
sweater on we've talked about making
merch before but we haven't actually
made anything yet so I wonder how they
will react to this yo jad I brought
housewarming gifts check the bag
peep peep the shirt I made it I'm dead
no okay I didn't make it that's from my
peel walks for everyone this is from the
I don't think any be taught to me appeal
I got this light set up perfectly for
the walk good time and I will be to come
back once I let me get my good side
then you camera yeah mark - bro it's so
much I take this thing Hollyoaks ro I've
been watching your videos for a while
now and your stuff is amazing so
basically this is born to live it and I
am selling t-shirts sweatshirts and
hoodies for now Chad and EJ apparently
you talk Chad
okay it's okay to stress out they knew
to give us XLS and then the rest of the
boys no extra extra sorry red
everyone got out extra extra small DJ
and Excel actually fits me nice with
with the King sign on it it fits
this is strictly custom elbow this is
not album edition we're gonna make stuff
like this yeah we're gonna make our own
style of stuff like based around like
what we want but I think I think it's
gonna be like a wolfy addition of deej
edition exams gonna do the whole thing
exactly like the Olive Branch so this is
my thing the other King the King King
Wolfie true it's not King jad why does
dad have it you don't know me so of
course if I reach the base it means
we're gaming so to TV setup we're
playing overwatch me and jad don't play
around
how are you playing we're playing us
yeah we playing us you're gonna go the
big pack of it I'm being as the fat guy
yeah okay so I think I should goes reaps
so that when you pull them in I can take
him down as well teamwork not to worry
about teamwork
DJ's back what do you think of my merch
your merch that's pretty cool it's not a
cool down yeah I appreciate that this is
our exclusive gear bro I mess with this
doesn't this like this is only for us
this is only for us just rice okay but I
think we are coming stuffed yeah all
right thanks Michelle Yeoh they actually
got your size right - extra extra small
yeah your ex toddler size they want to
give more room
they wanted a stretch it out of this so
the head table yeah loose is just not
right but there
extra extra extra extra extra baby small
where a few games in jad is made and I
am the dwarf guy and these guys are
putting together in East and we're
gaming they're working ok that's cuz we
get the most views everything is good
over there eh boys ok guys so we've been
playing overwatch for like the past two
to three hours now jad and Shaun are
playing um but I'm gonna go home soon
and I think I'm gonna end the vlog off
here but two quick things are actually
three great things next week's my
birthday so shout out to myself I'm
turning 17 so get ready for that too big
birthday
these two guys might hit 100k
subscribers by that point and DJ is one
year on YouTube is in that week so next
week is a big week for all of us we're
probably gonna host like some big party
so we'll invite every single one of each
of our subscribers to that party so stay
tuned for that you have to be subscribed
to all of us maybe not some subject but
yeah I'm gonna head home soon to finish
or no I'm gonna start off cranking my
mom or getting everything ready to prank
my mom and I'll probably catch you guys
tomorrow that I stay on more Wolfie
where we stay a little more savage than
Wolfie raps channel which is pretty
Savage just kidding it's fucking savages
fuck and remember stay a little more
savage Lego
