hey yo what's poppin it's your boy wolfy
and welcome to the second video on more
wolfy I'm chilling with my mute brother
and I'm chilling with D parody tonight
we are doing some bedding because you
know basically there's a basketball game
on tonight the Cavs vs. Golden State
Steph Curry
you know light-skinned I got to support
my light-skinned brothers David wants to
bet $100 on the game 100 bucks on the
game you said it the guy got six hundred
billion dollars no the fuck I am
basically we want to spice things up
because both of us don't watch
basketball but NBA Finals are today I
like to do a bet because it just makes
things fun or so we are using $100 $100
that you have to do it I'm gonna go a
bet all XI now I want Golden State to
win no are you movin see ya we won't do
this with that doesn't our in event
expander you bag even go to state cuz I
got stuff all day cats but the odds are
different okay I win you get two hundred
I get too much if you win you get two
hundred if I win are you getting a
hundred because Steph Curry's better
than their own team so yeah yeah so this
flash goes the splash Rose we'll see how
the game goes you have any words to say
zach is your video coming soon coming
soon the mute brother guys before any
game you know you need your snacks
because sports is not sports without
food so we called Shawn because we're
supposed to watch a game of Shawn it's
your boys house it's your boy DJ Chad
and Vanessa's house the albo house we're
going there the best guys inaudible are
right here so no how can be an alcohol
when the best guys an elbow right here
but anyways we're going there to go
catch the game after even if you err
they're the best guys so long house
- the fuck but yeah we we called Sean
and Sean didn't answer his phone so
david says he has some suspicions about
this guy we were gonna help him prank
jad so this guy slides around and
fucking pranks us I'm unsubscribing the
one on YouTube
shut up the Scotiabank take out this
glop even though I'm not gonna need to
go up because I'm gonna win the game so
we'll see how this go op oh I got this
blocks
countess clock so you have your hundred
yes I'm ready to go let's get these
snacks it doesn't matter cuz I'm gonna
take your buddies you're not taking my
money bro so in every store there's
always a coke the brand you can get but
if you're broke like wolfy you don't get
the brand get the cola the 99-cent stuff
so that's the stuff I'm gonna get what
are you doing
yeah just has chips the mute has got his
chips coming out of the store I got my
reasons chocolate Vulcan the other hand
okay we got skittles Zach got chips
hopefully we don't get pranked because
Sean is ignoring our texts so what did
you do oh this guy put all the moving
boxes and dad's room stop this
behind-the-scenes on vlog on Shan Shan
ago this guy first person I can have a
skill job how do you feel
squad's loyal because I come in the
living room more wolfy live sub countin
on the street
someone's watching my live sub count
like you dead okay so the game is just
starting Dave you have your money money
for dicks the eighty ninety a hundred 20
40 60 80 100 six five five forty seven
okay that's like to you all right let's
go
the game is starting let's get this
money we are per way through the game
and Vaughn go over here this world up
with it
jeez for the boys shout out to Bongo he
always brings going out to us through
your elbow feeding the family the scores
like 6725 Pacers we're expecting the
Raptors to come back in the 17th round
but it is what it is yo jad who are you
going for the Blazers are the heat you
know over sets today hey guys so it's
halftime
me and David have Bailey washed and
using any of the game but David's losing
right now they're coming back but we
usually watch the game fourth quarter
because honestly guys that's the only
thing that about is dice like we're not
basketball fans so let's get my 500k
shot going over here I'm a king so it
needs to be a minimum yeah two shots of
vodka okay teacher - shut it - charlotta
Joe Turner Jodi same vodka Tamara see
them you oh hey Micah two shots of vodka
okay thank you see you guys come on I'm
blacking out yeah
are you think yo-yo yeah
these guys got in their freezer they
have chicken chicken breasts before we
see what's in the fridge
I'm guessing there's watermelon yeah you
can guess why AJ I'm just gonna guess
whatever dad for dad what do you think
there's hummus in their home ice in
water mom and what about for Shaun uh
what Wonder Bread whoa okay so um Dani
oh hell no but a sriracha close enough
yo he must a although arm or not yes -
you gonna let see the hummus hummus
there is hummus no oh there is any sauce
- Dave musta ate all of them see what
state although this is all your clothes
on Shaun is a white Wonder Bread they
don't keep that in the fridge yeah
it was even covered oh it's it's it's
right there
nice oh it's right over I get we got one
for free that's pretty good
yo why are you guys playing hockey not
halftime of basketballs what you sure
lost I'll take a hundred the score is
1:1 first goal wins if DJ wins I have to
give him all the money I've made from
YouTube so cry so yo get your game I
says to see the score is Kylee 59 63 I'm
still winning I'm still winning but it's
fucking close yo if you take the lead
again you take five shots okay oh no you
take five charge hockey day or watching
the game and this one player is sacked
another player my game you look at this
what are you saying alright so it is the
fourth quarter now we got a close game
I'm a one more suit and they see the
score this is a close game don't know
the score yep yes get ranked on TV 78-68
seven seconds left I'm winning 104 80
you got your money where you going bro
where you going where you going ho this
chill bro is just a hundred bucks how is
it there's no need to run away man
David David I'll give you the money back
I'll buy you McDonald's
hell no keep running fuck you alright
will family I'm back at my house here
are my lovely room basically I'm like a
hundred bucks richer because I beat
David in the bet but right now I think
I'm just gonna play some ps4 check some
YouTube videos out on my computer but
that's it like this is just a laid back
vlog from your boy wolfy nothing crazy
yet get ready though there's gonna be
some crazy behind the scenes and stuff
tomorrow the plan is film two videos one
for my channel one for David show but
I'm gonna end the vlog off there I hope
you guys enjoyed it if you guys want me
and David to do more bets because this
guy loves to bed me for some reason hit
the thumbs up button we're thinking of
like doing like a one-on-one probably
it's gonna be like a hundred bucks but
we don't know for sure yet I think he
just wants to win back his hundred bucks
that he just lost so David definitely
needs to redeem himself but yeah I'm
gonna end the vlog off there again if
you liked it thumbs up leave a comment
if you're a savage and I will see you
next time on more Wolfie where there's a
little more savage and I still on my
outro yet but I'll see my wolf fam soon
and remember that oh oh
