hey yo what's fuckin poppin it's your
boy wolfy and welcome to the first video
on more wolfy where you guys are gonna
get to learn more about you believe
wolfy because I feel like dropping more
videos for you guys first of all shout
out to all the people that came from my
main channel to this second channel
don't worry I'm still gonna be dropping
absolute bangers on my main channel but
you know I felt like I could drop more
videos so I thought this was the best
route to go on keep dropping challenges
bangers and all that on my main channel
but on this channel you know I'm still
gonna do that but on this channel you're
also gonna get behind the scenes from me
more vlogs gaming videos skits
unboxing videos sex tape videos with my
girlfriend videos where I fight my mom
ten minute videos of me petting fucking
cats you are gonna see it all on more
Wolfie where the savage doesn't end like
I don't really have a model for this
channel yet but you know where I'm
working on it also I want to give a
shout out to all you guys for helping me
reach 500,000 subscribers I know you
heard me say it's a billion times
already but thank you so much for that
Wolfie - 1 mil is the next goal for me
so yeah just everyone get excited for
more content from your boy Wolfie I even
do some roast videos little fuck knows
you know I'm feeling pretty savage
lately so like get fucker but other than
that leave some comments down below
unlike what type of content you guys
want from me on this channel also if you
guys are excited for this channel make
sure to give the video a huge thumbs up
because I'm a light core and I love my
thumbs up other than that make sure to
follow me on all my social medias here
they are they're all Wolfie raps add me
on ps4 for my gaming videos I'm gonna
need people to play with so add me on my
ps4 daddy Wolfie add me daddy Wolfie cuz
I'm the fucking dad and lately I've been
talking to a bunch of my supporters on
like all my social medias so as long as
you're active don't worry I'm gonna talk
to you but that's it for this week's
video on more Wolfie my first video on
more Wolfie - Wolfie a dumb fucking man
and I will see you guys soon with a new
video and remember day more savage dope
what fuck you know what figure out a new
line on this channel and remember stay a
little bit more savage then my other
channel which is well if your ass go
subscribe to that one are you probably
subscribe please
