you joking good morning ay yo what's
good we're wolfy welcome back to more
wolf eat I don't know why but for some
reason I literally I'm so tired right
now but on a good note I do not feel
sick and I thought I was gonna be sick
as hell when I woke up but yo we are in
LA for a few more days before the
Christmas holidays it's already the
Christmas holidays but before I go back
to my home city Ottawa so we got to make
the most of it so before we even begin
the vlog you guys already know that go
down and smash that like button let's
hit thirty five thousand likes on the
vlog we are about to go pick up can I
like a change my love let me know what
you did Oh Brian asked me this morning
he said yo can you give me one of your
hoodies because I have nothing I'll
change like or do you're gonna just feel
more of a sense all right like I was
saying guys in the Ottawa spirit we're
actually gonna pick up a fellow Ottawa
tone Ian you guys know Zion haven't seen
Zion in a minute some last night for a
bit but she actually has a day free
because this a boy band he has a busy
schedule I'm a youtuber I got a busy
schedule so it's hard for us to link up
but when we got free time we linked up
so I'm gonna go pick him up and we're
gonna decide what the hell we're doing
today
ready like what I was looking summery
yeah why she lives in the house kiss but
she lives in the house guys we kissed
before it's no you didn't bet wrong
somewhere what is it clip doesn't exist
so rare you see this summer we've kissed
watch she's not gonna see if she's I can
see Joe is he like filming a music video
right now what's poppin off right now
what is he doing
who sleeps and clothes like this God's
eye on let's go get the fucking day
started that's pretty much we're in
there pretty much creepy you know we do
taking over boomed a lot of games yeah
you guys already know what it is we
pulled up to the beans house to all the
beans
Edwin's gonna hit me with a manual and
then I'm gonna introduce you to a new
member
shout out to my dude Remo is actually
first but I'm a big fan of pretty much
bro do you think I'm gonna be the
six-member a hundred percent okay I
can't sing but I can they rather I got
you do diss tracks
I'm kind of popping anyways today we're
gonna go shopping I think Zions gonna
come it's gonna be whatever we're gonna
go shopping the uh No Deal we're gonna
get food I'm gonna get Edwin that bag I
promised him bro I actually been looking
for that big I'll get them a bag today
guys I'll get you a Gucci bag today cuz
you're the next member and then
Brandon's the third member know you
actually have to house douchey shoes on
right now you're rich well I'm gonna
come bro come bro we're changing it up
actually we're gonna get some chicken
can California roll some more chicken
just all Ryan's all my
what what guys were at the fashion
allottee right now it's crazy we had to
come here I just dropped sion off but
Sylvia's doing a video basically where
she like tests like real makeup versus
fake makeup and I know they sell fake
makeup here so she's gonna pick up some
stuff we might get a shirt I mean we are
in the fashion district guys fashion
Ally
yeah what shirt are you trying to get
today trying to get the least expensive
shirt we have all right so that's we're
gonna want to go out to here or maybe
over here you know this place is
actually I can't believe like this place
is in LA like this is a completely
different realm of LA well I'm probably
gonna get like a street taco or
something out here because I got it I
got a play by the rules of the book guys
you will not believe this the shady as
hell how are you gonna sell fidgets
spinners and makeup at the same store
last time I checked Mac or Kylie Jenner
online did not have vigeous finish the
same store team store they just finish
at the same store this is really out
here about to scam me for some fake easy
I know what users are like you I
wouldn't even buy those $10 easy you
can't go wrong I'm gonna buy them and
then prank someone in that was because
what the are all of these what is this
place
today I have Yeezys that aren't even
released for the next 10 years right
here I'm stressed the red max Evans yeah
I was gonna say they got wolfy merchan
here - yo that's lit psych I would never
put my virgin here it only sells on
Barney's so this alley actually Loki
turned around from something really bad
to something really good I picked up a
pair of these new blood-red Yeezys like
they're friggin sweet they're unreleased
you can't get them anywhere they're
definitely fake but I'm gonna try and
convince Frazier cuz he's the only one
home right now that they're real and
also I got a Louis Vuitton supreme shirt
it doesn't even say supreme it says
superb but I want to see phrases initial
reaction I'm like yo I picked up this to
the fashion district like you can't get
this anywhere blow of law I'm gonna talk
it up for a bit just to see his reaction
and then I'm gonna gift him my presents
that I got and see if he ever wears them
put yo if he ever wears them make sure
to make fun of them in his vlog for
weighing the blood red Easy's that don't
exist just when I thought it couldn't
get any worse what do you see on the top
she'll be a secured stuff yes so a she
is getting abortion samples from at
Sephora guys look at me right now I
can't be I'm half-black I need to get it
so me is giving them the right one
where's the goal to find this like why
you buying so yeah I think you got it
kids I should do this when I go with
airplanes and you won't pass these
things I always spray myself it's really
yeah what time no no mistake
well that one's good we should buy it it
kind of stinks
Sephora lifehacks so guys you're gonna
go to the Cheesecake Factory but yo this
place actually has the list computer and
pasta so I'm getting spaghetti and
meatballs from here partially because
I'm hungry right now I'm partially
because I didn't want to wait an hour
and a half to eat cheesecake factory
Fraser pulled up instead I got an iPhone
X he's giving me the middle finger he's
like yo we gotta get back cuz I gotta
film was rice I'm like you're not gay
Missy gave hold on anyways yo look at
how precious people come on sugar mamas
paying for me
you ready
yeah yeah yeah Brian's always last
Wow big snow your biggest life hack I
can teach anybody that's old enough to
have a car basically if you can't find
your car in a parking lot if you press
the unlock button and it doesn't work
which it's not working right now if you
want a triple or quadruple the distance
you put the button or the key in your
mouth each other I swear to god we're
still too far but that yeah that
quadruples the distance bro I swear
look it up and swear on your life house
it was put into mutual location or
something bounces off systems although
your mouth yeah you're about your mouth
amplifies that's the way the mouth is an
amplifier all right
hold on guys it's not working for me I
think I'm gonna give it to Frasier
no I'm pretty sure I mean I'll put five
down my throat for us how far should I
kiss I mean the back is gonna touch my
frogs like dirty actually no days
restriction Oh
it's right there but that's cuz and when
I touch it when that I'm not in my mouth
oh my god blade packs they're the three
best friends that anybody could have yo
yo yo but Frazier doesn't know about the
fake stuff I bought but he's in the car
I'm gonna show it to you guys I'm gonna
prank Frazier watch this
he's gonna think it's real what I got a
new Gucci shoes
yeah no you joking Oh God
when would you mean early release me I
think there's like blood blood ready Z's
oh well you went to the fashion just
aggress yo wait wait can I go holy shit
okay bro this is adios
canal and this is this is coming out in
like two months but I got the hook-up so
uh yeah I actually got a shirt too today
tell me how they have Louie Vuitton
supreme tees I would have come you
didn't say that bro you were just like
oh no house is this way
so purring me bro obvious thinking
outside this is Lipa like I don't want
to say it
look at these things his heart gee Phil
Fugazi hard read it read it read it
froze yo who caught this I caught it
ten bucks you are them ten bucks I love
it
Easy's Elevens no match Lafitte and yo
you can have this super fever I can have
it save the road no accidents it I
actually want to show you what I caught
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah actually guys
yeah
don't kill me guys that actually worked
for like two seconds shout out to the
people in the Santee alley that told me
that definitely fake I might bring a
home back to Ottawa and like surprise
like my mama's a link with fake designer
cuz she won't know to tell the
difference but on a bad note my room is
a disaster the merch is every wolf your
ass calm if you want some free merch I
have a freaking tidy my room oh man this
is ridiculous he's getting out of hand I
do not recall what happened in
yesterday's vlog guys but today is like
my second last day in LA until the
Christmas break cuz we're going back on
the 20th right now well for you guys I
will be probably already in the air the
time that this logs up but they always
go up a day late so it's the 19th today
which means I have like a day and a half
to get Christmas presents here there's a
lot more selection here which is good
and it takes way less time for things to
ship here so I'm actually gonna go
shopping for my mom today my sister
today so via today and I still do not
know what to get my dad it's really hard
to get someone who has like almost
everything they want but you know people
to fit today we got a nice flannel on
got Alexander Wang T on the Louie bag
just curled my hair because I picked it
our last day or so
hideous I use Ryan's curl activator
we're actually gaining length or on the
top of my hair guys if you can see I'll
shift back to when I tried to twist the
first time peepees boom
this would I look like guys ah that was
Dookie so now my hair is it's getting
better guys and you'll keep these new
kicks I got yesterday
old school Gucci cakes these are the
biggest wave of all time the only reason
I went to the Gucci start wasn't for me
cool rides here I know we knew misty it
wasn't for me as you guys recall
yesterday I was with pretty much Matt
Brandon for the first time he's a gene
God's eye on something and I said and
one of my older vlogs I was like yo I'm
gonna get Edwin something because those
are the two guys I kicked through it the
most I love them all marketing in pretty
much I wish it was sana kazi
guys I bought something I owed Edwin
something I don't know who's gonna be
next comment down below
please uh call me down below who you
want me to buy something next pretty
much I'm like their their sugar daddy
guys like I'm not even trying to crush
any of them hey I just like them I got
Edwin actually maybe I'll show you guys
that I got mine peep this
actually I can't show you whatever I
would never mind cuz I don't want him to
watch the vlog and figure it out I know
you guys are gonna sneak and send
screenshots I want it to be a surprise
but I have one day to give it to him
it's just gonna be a hectic day Roger
are you ready we're going on a man date
today me right it's way it's me Ryan
it's sweet o me right I like right am i
right now
who are you I'm sleaze disease like more
than Edwin so we show me Zion out of
party yes I am you're getting roasted
bro I love you but this is everyone tags
I on Twitter tell them this is him at a
party
yeah okay now now sign out a funeral
this is always Edwin you know Edwin
Edwin is that you change goddamn I
didn't get no chicken salad I just kind
of salad so I'm okay
but $40 salad I'm stressed before why is
this just a pedestrian crosswalk why can
animals not walk like why why why
production what is all I was in
chick-fil-a and I got what like this no
pigeon you can't fucking walk here cut
the Pidgey cut the picture you can't
walk here anyways they're at chick-fil-a
because we're I wanted to quit the bill
it's a baby Instagram pic honey that's
not that's the new call you can't answer
from really that's the new sound for a
call on iOS really yeah they got an
iPhone X yesterday doesn't even other
phone calls how you know it has no
friends calling up guys I'm getting very
nervous we just went to Beverly Center I
didn't vlog because I was actually
trying to be mad productive and find
what I needed to find I asked the girl
because for some reason when I called
this morning I could not like nothing
was going through the calls weren't
going through to any of the stores so I
needed to go in person so I drove here
quick asked her where I can get what I
need to get she said like literally the
exact thing that I want is unavailable
at any location period until they
restock it can't preorder it
pre-ordering I don't have time for
because christmas is coming up and then
she's like you can get this one the
closest you can get this one is in Vegas
and I was like hey Vegas is not
happening he loves Vegas because his
girlfriend loves that and then the third
one was was not the one I want but it's
still obviously fine very nice there is
two left and the only two left are at
rodeo rodeo is a ten minute drive from
us we went there yesterday
hopefully they have one in stock by the
time I get there but I cannot find the
car this is a problem I think we're on
the complete wrong floor I got to do
that trick again
all the mouse
hey shut up ty dolla sign in 50 years
gang gang off wait stepping their game
up no no no this is kind of greasy
specious
hey just compare the game let's play a
game
I'm down for this tea shop I like I did
get something I got something it wasn't
the exact thing got to put that in my
back pocket it wasn't exactly what I
wanted but I don't know I I don't know
Christmas shopping is always stressful
for me shut out this wall this is where
I took my Instagram pic you guys should
go like it boom we are actually right
beside the loose change pop up you guys
remember this back alley we're not
supposed to be parking here but we don't
really care so we're parking here
because we're running in to round 2 real
quick let's see if the loose change sign
is still up the loose change sign is
still up from the pop-up time ago but
freeze we really wanted to come here
because you said what that was here I
need a bus for me but haven't go is
something cool day and now go to the
point where I'm driving I don't have it
ok guys I do not promote obviously
buying things but like there's something
called shopping therapy it actually is
therapeutic like the trust because it's
about work I don't feel good right now
you know yeah he's having some YouTube
problems with it like his video won't go
up some shit's happening till he's
depressed and he's like I need to buy
something to be happier I'm like don't
do it but oh come watch you waste your
money because I like living through
people so we're just gonna run in the
store see what they got and then I'm
getting my mom a present and that mom
you watch on my blog so I got to be
low-key about that
yo what you get to prima D bro do you
feel better though I feel better I
actually do I feel like believe to feel
like so guys you guys heard it it's
shopping therapy it worked don't do it
don't do it my mom doesn't send me to
Urban Outfitters she sends me to urban
pet for my own dogs what the fuck
I've been looking in this pet store for
the past 30 minutes to find a cat
harness I like a dog harness for my mom
and it doesn't exist I'm like I've asked
every single employee checked online now
my mom's making me feel like a fool I'm
old all I can find is frigging pet food
this is like oh my goodness gracious
guys we are almost at 2 million
followers on Instagram if you don't
follow me for some strange reason this
is it but it's also here right on the
screen follow me right now
and when you follow me obviously P some
of these pics there fire I mean we got
the squad pics right here me and the
homie right here me and wolfy jr. who I
get to see like literally tomorrow night
here
celebration pics model pics it's all
here Klaus Martinez twins but when you
follow me guys I need you guys to go to
the most recent pic which happens to be
this one and DoubleTap it guys and not
only just DoubleTap it comment under the
pic right now by your emojis K spam with
the fire Modi's because when you do that
not only do I always go through and read
all my comments but I hurt all my
comments and I reply to the comments and
not only do I do that but sometimes I
like to follow my wolf fan back only the
ones that are super active though so if
you go and just spam my page with likes
comments and all that I'll DM you I'll
follow you guys back that's all you have
to do cuz you're always wondering wolfy
you like you barely follow anyone how do
I get a follow the only reason I follow
so few people is because those people
have proven to me over and over and over
again that they're loyal wolf em and
they actually like I know all their damn
names so if you keep coming back and
being super active on my pics more
specifically this most recent pic right
now guys go spam the hell out of it i'ma
follow in DM you ok so go do that right
now pause the video ok pause look how my
videos pause okay now go like that
picture now unpause and I'll come back
and like it okay great what the hell I
come upstairs in the cloud house and
fucking Christmas cookies fully baked
fully decorated I just had a bite out of
this one I think I might have another
bite I don't know if someone did this on
purpose and there's like a hidden camera
on me but yo Christmas cookies holiday
cookies are the best ever guys I'm
obsessed with them I'm just a little
shook up because it's too perfect like
hey why is everything so clean and
that'd be why is this random pile of
cookies you I don't know who made them a
shout-out to whoever made them cuz
they're delicious if it was Elizabeth
the cleaner she's a real MVP my god oh
so good holy guys this house is so
lonely right now all you can see is
myself right now in the mirror where is
everyone
and everyone believe I don't even know
what to vlog right now because like
obviously when this house is full of
people that's like always fun to vlog
and stuff but there's only like me and
Ryan crisis in his room right now doing
some business stuff so he can't even
blog right now Fraser is doing some
business stuff so he can't even blog
right now so it's basically me and Ryan
and like
massive house all to ourselves banks I
haven't seen all day everyone left twins
just left been gone my plane ride home
is tomorrow because I need I'm going
insane every like once in a while in LA
you just gotta get home when people
don't like my videos no like oh my god
guys this light red is tripping the
camera right now god damn what the rest
of my mate is looking like right now
guys I'm literally sitting in the
theater with Ryan we're about to film
reaction videos because tomorrow night I
will be flying on the airplane which
means I won't be able to film it I vote
for you guys so this is what we ought to
do there's this chocolate when you're
like pretty much uploading daily you got
a friggin pre film so I just feel my
video Ryan's filming his video right now
I'm gonna end the vlog off there if you
guys enjoyed it you already know what it
is make sure to go down and smash that
like button cop the Wolfie Rob's merch
at Wolfie guys calm very quickly right
now guys cuz it's only a few days left
until Christmas and you've got to get
yourself or a family member or a friend
or a girlfriend or boyfriend or whatever
your pet so I'm lit Christmas gifts and
I know everyone loves the Wolfie I swear
it's not only is it its softest merch in
the league but it's also the swaggiest
merged it's the most savage merch so you
already know link in the description of
that guys you are also killing it this
is just like plug session you're also
killing on the checklist statistics
video it's not over like 12 million
views right now I never thought that
would happen but shut up to the Wolfman
for riding with me there please continue
to keep downloading it on Apple music in
the description Spotify in the
description last but not least comment
down below if you made it to this fern
the vlog it means you are the most loyal
wolf M on the planet comment down below
late night gang and I'll be commenting
back and hurting everybody's I will be
doing so many people who comment on the
video later gang and I will see you guys
soon on moles where we stay a little bit
more socks in my main channel and I'll
always stay stylish today go please
