this is why this actually blessed
welcome back to more Wolfie I'm super
excited because this morning I'm doing
what I told you guys in yesterday's vlog
I had a super big surprise and that
surprise is your boy is going to be on
youtubers react to boys gonna be
reacting to stuff you guys know I'm the
reaction God so it's super early in the
morning right now literally just got my
starbucks Frappuccino right here because
I need to wake the hell up my room is a
mess guys my room got a little bit messy
last night I need to clean it but yo
I'll tell you what I get home after I
react to these Kings I'm kind of
stressed that my reaction
partner-in-crime Ryan sways did get
invited but you know I asked him a
question I was like yo you know ride
sways and they didn't answer you so it
was a tough day to take in we move past
it hopefully soon Rises come on show me
for now I gotta do it solo dolo anyways
I hope everyone watching this vlog is
having an amazing day because I'm having
a fantastic day
even though I could really open my eyes
right now smash the like button before
we even begin this vlog you guys already
know you've been killing in the past
couple vlogs let's hit thirty five
thousand likes on yet another vlog with
your know right now wolf am hurry up I
see you guys watching the vlog at home
you have a nanny yet okay we get honey
okay BAM let's get the day started fit
of the day you guys already know what it
is we're not supposed to use name-brand
stuff so this what are using I'm
recycling an outfit that I already work
in the past but it is what is you gotta
do Chi garden sometimes I was gonna come
on the show and I was gonna be like yo I
can wear my Gucci shirt it's gonna be
sick put on for the culture then I read
the number what it's like your no-name
brand tees and I was like oh okay I'm
kind of oh where's the dang over where
is the over where where is it
oh okay guys I think I just arrived here
it is bright outside we got some nice
confusing the mountains right here and
then right across the street is like
some next power plant so your boy Wolfie
is aged at this view going up
call it Eliza this early in the morning
I discovered readiness obviously I want
to do it but like goddamn can't even
open my eyes guys so if you see me on
the reaction channel like can you see me
react to some next up just know I was
half a week
all right guys check out where I am
right now as you can see this is the
backdrop this is the classic youtubers
react set up so if you guys want to know
this is what we're looking at it was
super fun obviously I don't even need to
plug that channel I'll leave a link in
the description but you guys know
youtubers react
everybody knows youtubers react so I'm
super excited I'm actually on it I'm
done now just finished it took not even
that long to be honest and now I'm up
early so I can have like a productive
day but you know stay tuned for that
it's gonna be insane now I'm gonna go
get coffee and food and wake up silly
because she's sick
yo yo yo yo some of your favorite
youtubers guys amazingphil Caspar Lee
right here where's your boy wolfy though
it's just so guys this is the youtubers
react wall I know I showed you guys that
but you know peeps some of these names
on here obviously you got like Andrea
Russett fouseytube was up here somewhere
but I had to make my mark right here
Wolfie I put a crown tay zonday jimmy
teatro i mean comment down below who
your favorite youtuber is on this list
and if you don't say me then I'm gonna
be mad about it but look at all these
youtubers guys let's get it ah god damn
I'm so hungry guys literally I just
finished that youtubers react
now I'm waiting for my dang uber shout
out to Benny and Rafi though like
honestly
super fuckin dope guys like I just had a
meeting with them but not even a meeting
we just sat down and talked for like an
hour
and we just talked about YouTube life
these guys are nice as hell they gave me
some advice obviously I could tell that
they are extremely hard workers I mean
it's obvious like look what they've done
but now I literally have to wait for
this uber we gotta get breakfast start
the damn day
hello fam I hope you guys are having an
amazing day it was supposed to be here
like two minutes ago I still don't see
it so I'm gonna check on the app right
now well I do that look at these dang
mountains
one thing though guys I don't know
what's happening to me right now
I think I've started to get sick I'm
sneezing Silvia sick so it makes sense
as to why I'm sick but literally during
one of the episodes I had a sneeze
attack I had to tell them to stop I was
reacting and I was like y'all stop
filming for a second cuz your boys
having a sneeze attack but I don't even
say like that I was like yo stop filming
and then just needs the billion times
goddamn cut
I hope they cut that out guys I came to
Sylvia's check it out how she was doing
is she sick saw this little freaking in
sponsor for a bit but I actually fell
into the sit curse myself I don't know
what is wrong with me it's so dark in
here I just passed out twice I swapped
on writing twice as a guild we're gonna
go to food and then he's like okay I'm
waiting then I passed out then he's like
yo let's go get food I passed out again
now I'm going to the uber you do that I
was an idiot I didn't drive this morning
so now I don't have a car so now I gotta
go get the car figure out we're gonna do
ooh
I was really craving a burger but yo 800
degrees was lowkey calling my name
the boys of me are about to get some
pizza some designer pizza my first meal
of the day it's like 4 o'clock god damn
today is a slow moving day you'll have
you eating this before looks so good
alright this viy pizza can it's orgasmic
pizza alert like come on she's got the
green peppers I got the caramelized
onions we got the Parmesan Reggiano you
got the green peppers and you gotta
barely cut it so there we go
so guys remember I took an Instagram pic
on the hill for like my hundredth
Instagram picture boom I'll pop it up on
the screen right here this is the view
at nighttime but we actually are
arriving back near the house and it's
kind of near the house at golden hour
which is when the Sun is fucking amazing
so we're literally going running around
for a view I'm about to show you guys
one of the craziest views of Hollywood
you've ever seen let's get it told you
guys I would not discipline with you I
would not disappoint with views the
depth you can see everything it's a
beautiful thing
NORs Walt so if you guys want smoke you
can't have smoke I don't know if the
camera did that view justice guys but
just know that I was incredible in the
old speaking of views what is that over
there
goddamn that's a sexy house who's on the
fourth floor yo is that to you up I
swear they see me anyways we out there
we just had to get that quick view and
god damn it was worth it yo check out
the sky guys if you look at it through
the window you see green but look at the
friggin color gradient wave I'm a aged
Christmas at the cloud house guys peep
the red lights here we also got the red
lights on the stairs we also got the
Christmas tree that Fraser set up this
is poppin with real candy canes
multicolored lights and the star on top
we're having a cloud house Christmas yo
so you pull up the target and what Ryan
take ye those are Ryan you know you know
that you know it's experience that's
Ryan's favorite that was like an inside
joke but everyone comment down below in
the comments Ryan loves take he yeah do
you notice anything familiar oh do you
notice anything familiar is this not me
okay guys Gabe thinks I look like a
gummy where
where the fuck you going I hate him you
come to Target and he starts running
around what are you going bro what are
you going Keio you're running too far
bro just let me know when you find it
what is it littles oh yeah guys we want
to do another cool little bridge so make
sure to smash that like button cuz we
took them all they stalked that's all
what are you looking for nothing
I want Starbucks and some candy Oh yo I
actually found something of good use
guys this is like flies up to 550 feet
it's a four-foot paper airplane actually
not paper it's made out of foam so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna cop it and fly
it off the top of the cloud house and
see how far I can go if it lands in your
backyard I apologize I'll clean it up no
follow the glamour I only listen to 88
David
David you had twin Frank number one God
hello my name is Prince and I'm in the
clout house yay dad hey guys so a packet
when we just ordered post mates but to
kill time I'm gonna make this one thick
make this giant paper airplane actually
pull the airplane we have one way here
we have a bunch of stickers here I don't
really know how to put too many of those
ideas reminds me of like one of those
giant prizes that you get in the kinder
egg I'm just curious to see if he's one
second to be honest and I think I should
make like a regular paper airplane first
then I can find some paper in this up
best paper towel pulled up because I
want to compare
regular paper versus like a crazy
freakin paper airplane you know so we'll
build it right now I think this is an
airplane for prankster idol there's
three steps the middle you're gonna take
one wing this is a world record and
you're gonna put the left wing end like
this it should fit perfectly like so
yeah easy enough make sure it's nice and
tight in there because you don't want it
to come out if I just cry it's not to go
back to target then we're gonna put the
right wing on it says are on it I didn't
even see that but I'm just going with
the flow we want this to be super tight
because if this comes apart in the air
it's gonna suck
no it's kind of wrong right now what is
holding it next to you later
so guys it's been 10 minutes as we made
it here is the final product so guys
we've worked on this for three hours and
here it is DIY giant
and then literally all you do is put on
the boxes which you put on right here
wow this is like too easy to be honest
and that is like oh my god biggest paper
airplane that was the quickest thing
ever so yo let's actually go over there
and they test fly it a couple times
bring it on your airplane no not Prince
gyro the stickers and some paper
airplanes you know like the harder you
throw them actually the the less far
they go but you really just want to
guide the movement so that it just flies
more practice actually bless I think
it's ready to go Prince is still over
there that's fun with that camera
another one well the window this is
crazy
like how's the lighting though it looks
cool you can see it it like blows it
because it's so light ok guys here we go
this is getting lifted off windy it's
some sorry guys if you live in the hills
I apologize if this goes into your
backyard
welcome find it sure it's extra strap
and sometimes you just got to let your
loved ones fly away listen bro it is
gone you don't rittle to hear it what
did you see a ghost house it dodged the
house and then flew way rule that is it
didn't lie when it said 150 video let's
get a replay on that hmm look at it
dodge the house guys
Rowena's gone that was crazy
oh my god listen I swear I heard someone
like no I swear the paper airplane is
gone guys that is gone the wind just
took it that's always amazing literally
like that was a funny to do ever I wish
I could just chuck rocks off the hill
all day and we had multiple of them I
want to see guys that wasn't that
dangerous cuz that thing weighs like
half a pound even if it hit someone in
the head like it's really like they're
gonna be fine but that is the best eight
dollars and 11 cents I've ever spent it
was on sale now I just have stickers for
absolutely no reason that was fucking
crazy now I got stickers so I'll just
leave these mister present for the
clubhouse guys actually you know what I
got an idea
stickers on the Christmas tree ah yes
we've always needed this this is my
contribution to the Christmas tree right
on let's start there we go
now this tower has an eye and this hawa
beautiful reflex text big alright you
are you're nice okay everyone just keep
doing what you're doing don't worry
about me your heart drops alive holy so
yeah oh you're - OH - nice from vlogging
and car - there's a little crack though
this is Kay getting extra hungry zero
okay
reflex tests alert right screaming
upstairs
come come up here I get an egg you're
not serious no you're not literally
David's getting kicked out of the house
tomorrow making a ketchup sandwich
dude you can't say literally because my
mom did that when she was struggling in
college and it was bad you're not
serious hold it over easy and pretend
there's a lot longer than that no right
no then you open it like that where's
the hot dog get that in there like that
it's not it looks like Jam go easy
I am vomiting your mommy why when we
were blessed was our situation don't
judge I was bless you word
no you know if Gabe if the most
adventures in the room we'll try it bro
you and your brother you Adil need to
chill because I saw a rice comes video
you guys eat live crickets so your taste
buds here your you are the same person
but your twin so you would do it so
that's all being ketchup sandwich I'm
all so I don't know why right now
there's a box challenge going around
it's viral it's called there's like a
billion names for it like there's the
invisible box challenge I did it way
back in the day cubed yeah literally
like that was like 10 or like 11 months
ago when it used to be popping and it
was probably for like a week but now for
some reason its back and there's a song
that you're supposed to do it - I think
it's called like step up the Lego
so we have two contestants on today's
show we got the man himself Gabe was
gonna go first and then Dave's gonna go
no you can't use that box though okay
yeah this is just practice I gotta give
you like a good a good angle
that's just practice ooh step up the
Lego que yo yo you got one more practice
what thank you how do you get no you
don't need the box by the way guys if
you want to see what a few of fails look
like this is what a few fails look like
let's see what we got bro you can't use
a box though you ready all right I got
you on the music cue the music
yep up the leg oh oh that's actually
pretty good what the hell yeah yeah yeah
yeah let's go bro you show them how high
you can jump for your camping shots bro
adventurous girls wanna know you gotta
keep that foot still you got to keep
that foot still bro take these slippers
off yeah there is glass on the floor
so watch your step let's go give me one
that was better that was your best one
oh he's warming up he's got the box he's
stepping on it
oh holy step up the leg oh ah
Dylan just showed up with my rich wolf
your apps calm go cover yourself summer
can you do it yeah can you do it I'm
sure you've seen this challenge going
everywhere J but yo keep me doing it
from eight months ago I was the legend I
started this just do it again that's not
acceptable
and I know that oh that one was better
Oh bananas so so so so guys there you go
right here dancing forgave like that
it's 2017 we get all these and get all
to do French guys are in the target area
guys that's on who you want girl died
alien it doesn't matter dog I don't care
it's 20 almost 20 18 people all right
get it together that's on dog come here
Prince daddy cut right cut right anyways
guys it's a sad day because we are
losing two of our men today gave me men
men teenager boy he was going back to
Montreal which is two hours away from
Ottawa Gabe's leaving he's going to
Montreal Chiapas leaving he's the one to
much y'all that's two hours away from
Ottawa so we do have freezers rinse
prints what are you trying to run
anyways so the next few days you're not
gonna see them in the vlogs because
they're gonna be home but in the next
few days I am also going home I'm super
excited to go home I miss my dog Wolfie
jr. this dog is too scared of life I
just want to see what I want to see my
parents I miss home I miss my car which
even though everything's gonna be fine I
will miss you but not gonna be fine in a
few days and like a like two weeks like
after Christmas but the vlog is gonna be
super that when I go back to Ottawa
we're going hard for Christmas like
shopping yeah okay how about Hanukkah
huh what about it what about blossom
what about it Ryan so racist off cam
anyways guys I think I'm gonna end the
vlog off there we're I don't know what
the hell's going on anymore but I will
see you guys in tomorrow's vlog it's
gonna be super lit let's hit thirty five
thousand likes on this video caught the
wolf emerge if you haven't already
because it's an amazing Christmas gift
this quality is phenomenal carpet for
Black Friday for whatever date it
doesn't matter the date but I'm doing
scheming out a nice discounts for
Christmas sales
hope your apps knock on carpet comment
down below
happy holidays so that we can spread the
love I love you guys so much don't like
him and I will see you guys soon on my
main channel my lips are always so
chapped bye
