we will Fraser's room appraiser your old
good morning at yo what's good werewolf
you welcome back to more wolfy good
morning guys
yeah good morning guys as you guys can
see I'm Marley wearing caps but to me
not wearing pants I need you guys to go
down and hit that leg but 35,000 likes
with your chin bull fam hurry up and go
down and hit that like button right now
5 seconds 4 3 2 yeah if the like button
ko let me explain what's going on guys I
didn't get oh you can see my but I
didn't get too much editing done last
night so I'm gonna do a little more
editing today which means I can't go on
the first trip of the morning and it
always sucks to miss the trips did
someone just throw something at me I'm
stressed it always sucks to miss some of
the trips but the boys are going to go
pick up chicken burgers right now Ryan's
doing this chicken burger challenge on
his channel so I'm going to hand if it's
not out you played yourself so I'm gonna
give the camera to these two lucky guy's
Gabe yeah as I've been seeing Gabe hold
up and T wha you guys need to vlog for
me okay do you know how to work this
camera i Cameron know I don't want to
speak English you just pressed it do it
it's this button let's see yeah we're
you speaking okay so I'm giving the
camera to gave it to you up while I edit
they're gonna vlog from you guys give
them support like comments when you
don't want to vlog you still want to get
two things done
give the vlog to your camera and they
could plug themselves
holy give the vlog to your friends so
that they can plug themselves as much as
they want even though I'm gonna cut it
out in the editing process but in French
no no a little bit French subtitle this
all small people say I cannot edit but
look at this I can do this I see your
back show them your face bro make that a
gift so many big that gift agony and I
don't like it you have so much or so
little coordination to move your body
like that good luck
wolf and Wolf fam wolf em what is up its
your boy Swayze baby I don't want to
vlog too much because my vlogs that are
way better are on youtube.com slash more
bullshit but I'm not plugging all I want
to say is he gave the camera to gave to
say let a vlog for me bug for me you
can't be doing that you need step your
game up and vlog Charles so now you're
gonna get pranked so we're gonna head so
the spiciest chicken place in LA
get them the spiciest burger chicken
burger in the world and prank is full
video on youtube.com slash Ryan sweats
go ahead there for beautiful vlogs and
gay bro
we're in traverse thinking and broke
we're seeking for what sneaking in say
staking friend Jake Wow step back pot
use you're such a snack pop what or
look at where this guy go
Oh guys
start back there
we're done well how long do you think
this line is well how long this line is
I say I say an hour an hour
the only reason we might wait in this
line is because we want that Frank these
people just wanna eat that burger Poland
guys so we've been here for like three
hours and we barely made 1/5 of the line
so I'm just about to go deep you know
see my baby Chantal Chantal I love you
peace I have no idea what to up and gave
glob for me but they said they didn't
vlog too much because they said when
they went to go get these chicken
burgers with Ryan and stuff it took them
forever because there's like a huge line
of some shot so now it is literally dark
outside
it's absolutely getting mad dark outside
and I need a plan for the day I don't
know what I'm doing it
I hate when these days come like this
but I guess me and Ryan are doing this
chicken challenge now you can challenge
this chicken is like world renowned so
I'm kind of aged about it so that's
gonna be on Ryan's channel make sure to
check that out I will let you know as
soon as I eat it this what do you have
to say all I'm saying is full video on
this channel is that prank T bro let's
try the burger he pranked three did you
guys have the burgers really snot on my
hand right now can hard that is right
thing you bite no no take a bite tell
you like squid or a piece of chicken
megabyte push the twins are saying hi to
their fans
Chloe gay officially recruits Judi Elsa
goes up to me he's like hey are you
famous and I was like no and he's like
okay no no no no no you guys go out
there go there and be like yeah yeah
yeah favorite wolfies vlogger oh by the
way guys please don't do this this is
like you should not be coming to the
house and yelling it disrespects the
neighbors the neighbors are not happy
about it but let's see the fan base of
these
oh they're whistling Carrington
you got fans on their feet they want to
see they said Carrington that's the
thing
this wave just smile and wave Wow just
got food I'm feeling absolutely bloated
now we're on the way to Glendale
Galleria literally we had to travel all
the way across LA because Sylvia holding
the camera needs and there's only one
store like that we know of themselves
like kids make up in LA 755 so we had
its in the Glendale Galleria so
hopefully they have what she needs and
then we might check out some other
stores because I mean we drove all the
way here from or something so it might
as well get more than one we just pulled
up to the mall parking lot is absolutely
packed guys there's so many people here
you know it's not right there there's
one spot but I was like oh why is it so
packed that I realized it was a Friday
and the thing about Fridays guys
obviously if you're young like a couple
of years younger than me cuz I'm 17 but
like kids go to the mall on Friday and
Saturday because like they can't go out
they can't turn out well like some of
them can't turn out so the mall is the
place to be but when you're youtuber you
lose track of the days of the week
because like when you're in everyday
vlogger just like hey I gotta get out
every single day
and you don't think about the days sylia
is having a hard time keeping up with me
but we just got to get in and get
it's right besides UMI's and
much designer and something I have like
low-key zoomies it's can lit with
clothes like it has some low-key bangers
in there so we got to go in there as
well it's gonna be he Sylvia is doing
some shopping for the make up we got mad
I browsed and eyelashes and lip gloss
and hair dye on each of the DIY hair
makeup guys piy yeah I god I'm the DIY
God so I might have to call this I'm H
Gucci store Lily store video keep this
in Louie spatula
the craziest I receive $10,000 Louie
exclusive drop I'm trying to reduce
myself I know I said I wouldn't Bible yo
I had to cop some shirts because I
literally I do yeah basically he's
buying new clothes because he doesn't do
his own laundry and so all over in a few
days
which means all my laundry is dirty and
I'm literally panicking I'll do your
laundry baby don't have to buy new
clothes this is how he gets me to do I
swear his plan was probably not even to
buy all those things from the beginning
it's probably just to try and get me to
join his laundry because I refused to do
it
I see they've made some progress on the
CBF in my local area these are my ends
guys so good work guys keep it up I like
to see the progress
anyways yo we are going into CVS I'm
gonna go buy some hair dye because I
have not bought purple dye here for a
minute but the thing is my hair is
starting to turn bronze and I need to
make it back blonde so we're doing a
hair dyeing session tonight let's go get
this where the cuz the hair - let me
find it
Oh
Charles found a conditioner made for him
makes chick's I am mixed not a chick but
no recording I'll catch you guys outside
I don't know why everyone's trying to
stop my my vlog grind guys just a daily
vlogger
it's not like I'm threatening her
everyone at knifepoint but these are the
struggles we go through as daily
vloggers but I do it for you guys guys I
come home to this
Fraser literally snowed my room full
video on his channel but like what I go
shopping but still over 10 minutes and
then go to this I can't even balance
right now guys it's slippery and it's
physically cold oh hey bro bonus all of
it was rise to it alright grace clean
this all up
this better be cleaner than it was
before guys what happens if you live in
a cloud house you get pranked you never
know what you're coming into
I literally just wanted to come home and
sleep on my bed yo sways yo Gabe we
don't have a bed anymore thanks to
Fraser what do we do should we get him
back guys
I'm thinking 35 thousand likes on this
vlog and we will Fraser this room up
comment down below what you want us to
do I don't care what it is G fuel all
over isn't o days up your face how about
phase very fuckin motherfucker how will
phase behind your head top or oh he
likes to play the game what is this
guy's a big gamer he's a big nerd he
likes to play a fucking fortnight I'll
delete your foreign hate or like
honestly I'm hungry you put snow in my
room bro this Fraser you're old yeah
we're close game we're friends but
you're old you're off goddamn wolf M oh
my god you have no idea what just
happened one and a half hours cleaning
and you can still feel literally like
you can still feel fake snow on my feet
it's all my bed you guys want to see
under the bed it's everywhere under the
bed still like I don't even know I've
been working pass off to clean this I'm
kind of stressed cuz freaking said that
this guy would clean it up and then
initially one walked into the room we
were like yo it's actually pretty clean
but I was like this is too good to be
true because you got it done way too
quick and I don't know what the hell
this snow is made out of so shut up shut
up to you up shut out Ryan sways a bit
he barely helped but they just help me
completely sweep up this room we're
gonna have to mop it tomorrow this just
shows you guys that you cannot be
getting pranked out here like getting
pranked as an L because you get pranked
the person who pranks you always half
cleans so that just means the game is
now on I didn't really want to play too
many people in the house I wasn't
feeling it but now nobody is safe in the
cloud house I don't care who you are
you mess with King savage you're getting
destroyed Fraser you're first on the
list I'm definitely gonna make the
biggest mess you've ever seen on any of
my videos in your room or maybe not in
your room maybe somewhere else but it's
gonna be a pain in the ass for you to
clean up and I'm barely gonna clean it
because that's what I had to deal with
today I heard rice as a part of it I
heard some Australian girls were part of
it everybody is gonna get their part
that's all I'm gonna say today though
I'm gonna end off today's vlog I will
see you guys tomorrow arms dressed
moving on to the next day in the vlog
guys we are headed off to Six Flags I am
kinda aged but I'm kind of not aged I
was my blue is more Universal because I
wanted to see Harry Potter man I'm
afraid of roller coasters
I didn't want to ride the biggest roller
coaster but yo just know guys like if I
don't ride the roller coaster it's all
good cuz that's what YouTube is for so I
can always just put myself actually you
know what I'm a man
frig is falling on them the roeckl
system so you're okay well the thing is
have you seen final destination 3 ok
that's when I stopped like a roller
coasters anyways
got the full lighter one too let's get
it guys peep this we just pulled up to
Six Flags where are the plane we're
going to see six guides
no no Six Flags yeah she was dressed
after I let him down at Five Guys and he
didn't actually go to see five guys and
we came to a burger place he was pissed
but yo tell me where the flag it was mad
hot in LA
there's no zoom camera today because I
don't feel like legend around him is
letting a word I don't feel like holding
a giant fuckin camera everywhere I go
but the g7x will do for today and I
might have to buy some merch out here as
well cut that part out of the vlog
anyways guys it's cold here I think it's
because we're in the valley are we in
the valley
I don't know I'm aged at the black mamba
when you underestimate the whether
you're buying six flags merch alert oh
shit they got the new wolfy sure - what
those this is crazy guys they have my
merch here here here here and here I'm H
live here ops calm copy merch right now
we already lost Gabe we already lost
Ryan
we already lost co-op we've been in here
for 30
oh it is yeah you guys need to stop
running away from us the second we got
in the park broke second we got in the
party need I said you guys ran away from
us the second we got in the park no you
that's gonna be whoa all right guys the
first ride me and Sylvia are going on
we got ditched his classic revolution
uuh for this ride
I'm so excited for this ride guys and
three seconds you gonna see me on the
ride three two on oh my god oh my god
geez geez geez that writers the next
ride we're going on is Viper guys I
literally hate roller coasters but you
know you got to do it for you guys let's
see how it is your wipers on mocking no
on the Honda
Wow flavor was much six out of ten
why does six flags one of the Canada's
so bad like you guys don't have real
snow we got these girls shout out to
these girls in the blog we already see
gotta know like you guys are in the
blind now check out this fake snow
yo this feels like out but low-key
Frasier I hate you
this is what you did to my room right
you're old I convinced Charles to get a
sweater like mine so we can Matt and
network well go yes BAE look at us are
so cute
just put on your sweater we're gonna
manage partially because it's good well
partially because we're matching keep
the hoodie whether the crew night it's
actually kind of to easy this kind of
reminds me of like mostly cuz it's like
the only nice one can you block my head
I know it's like a nice roots crew neck
so I'm gonna throw it on real quick and
then we'll go on the next ride yeah
these rides have been so crazy so far
we've been in ten ride so far
I've only blog two of them because I'm
trying to actually enjoy reality here
you know it's actually crazy these rides
aren't saying I think we're gonna go on
this ride right there that the tall
thing to drop one you mean that's your
worst fear I don't even think it's a
drop so and I don't even think it's a
ride like it looks like just we've never
been to an amusement park together and
he still told me a hundred times over
that you would never do one of those
things really close
we need a pick me - pick please guys I
may have just found a secret area and
Six Flags secret area discovered Pete
this right beside the cold stone right
beside cold stone right beside this
roller coaster where these people are
going nuts there's this little secret
passage here and if you go down the
secret passage you can see that there's
a bridge I swear there might be a secret
ride in there I don't know what is down
there and it doesn't say don't go down
there so I'm kind of tempted but you
know there's so much water and shit
secret switches I think these might be
just to shut the roller coaster off arm
shook so much power in my hands not can
you guys you know I cannot come on
Easter fuck but I'm playing soccer
actually no hell no even though there's
good prizes you know 16 years and when I
touch that's full this game's over yo
we're gonna do the world's biggest bar
game
this thing's for credits bigness
ballgame is I'm one for Donkey Kong
because he's my favorite even though
he's too far he's too far we gotta go 26
seconds left we get only the friend
Dorothy got a little more
let me make sure you can regard this but
shake my head in the staff and like
we're just gonna keep wasting all our
tokens on this the second time to choke
we need to pick him up from his barça's
obviously this they want you to keep
wasting money
this is old this game is also for tokens
to play I don't know why it's the same
as you
the purple guy
sorry I thought
why y'all so heavy why does it over I'm
gonna get that Pikachu the back I gotta
get the one in the front because the
further back it is the longer toxic area
it's all Jean Jean
you pick the one in the back here try a
Pikachu
Lincoln oh yeah leave that Swift
one more time
one more time
world
Tobin's left I'm gonna try again
Superman bear the last tokens you paid
okay God on your head
I've minded or mods
Wow winter wonderland
these lights are really nice oh it's
beautiful
no no no no no no they actually have
what's pretty much and just like that
guys we enjoyed a nice day at Six Flags
it's now pitch black outside because
winter kills the light literally it gets
dark at like five o'clock
Cleo it was lit I'm sorry I didn't vlog
a billion things but I was too busy
riding roller coasters that I'm deathly
afraid of and like doing cool stuff at
amusement parks and like giving
high-fives to really tall people
you guys know how it is but it's so
you're gonna wait in the car because her
stomach is not feeling too good till we
left a little bit earlier well Gabe Ryan
and few up are gonna continue riding a
few rides I think they're almost done so
they're gonna meet us in the car and
then I'm really craving some getting
smoothies to be honest so I think we're
gonna stop like a smoothie spot as well
and it's gonna be fucking late after
half an hour we've found the car
god damn this parking lot is massive got
back from the park and this is what's
going on in the room right now we are
having a wolfy wraps of merch store we
got merged everywhere
I hear gum slash multi fans I got cold /
whoa yeah already because you love them
so yeah everyone gets the guys going to
save game Pixies in Excel oh yeah next
how tall are you I'm fine how much do
you eat you're not next oh you're a
large at most T walks wearing triple XL
everything that you told me you would
take anything for your chili now you
don't need to wear fake designer you
look Bryan's of Miam right here and tag
me wolf your ass alright
anyways guys this is what we're doing
guys out hey yo Gabe can they see your
phone case actually they can see my
phone case guys what do you know about
that would she go buying designer and
you can buy that wolfy woochi
you know let's see the flag design right
there oh my goodness gracious guys wolfy
wraps with the what it is
wearing blankets
all right guys so now we're just
chilling okay wolf am god damn I'm
stressing out right now I think I lost
one of my main tripods which was like
such a game changer because it's the
tripod that I hold my big DSLR camera on
and I cannot find it anywhere
toilet paper no I don't know where it is
I don't know where it is literally it's
not the point where I'm like checking
inside mirrors and I don't know what all
I do know is that I'm letting the vlog
off there because I have an extremely
early morning tomorrow I've been doing a
lot of YouTube out here a lot of logging
a lot of meeting new people on and off
cam surprise is coming soon I need to do
more business you know what I mean guys
I need to do more business so tomorrow
I'm going on a show a YouTube show that
a lot of you guys if not all of you guys
are very familiar with
other than YouTube rewind this is like a
super big accomplishment for me super
excited about it because like kind of
legitimizes myself as like a youtuber if
I can find my I don't you know where
half my stuff is guys but yeah I'm super
excited about tomorrow morning
look I'm not put on these shoes the
closet is a mess right now okay but that
means that I have to wake up super damn
early just to make it because that is
the only time that I could squeeze it in
tomorrow but it's all good I'll be up
super early and I'll be super productive
you got to do stuff you got to do stuff
that makes you productive so I'm kind of
forcing myself but if you enjoyed the
vlog make sure to smash that like one
let's hit 35 thousand likes with gear
know right now we'll family quit shirts
all the wolf am that I met at Six Flags
today you guys are best if you guys see
me in public do not hesitate to come up
say what up to you boy wolfy because I
always love meeting you guys are taking
pictures it's awesome meeting my
supporters in person and comment down
below Six Flags if you made it to the
very end or just six and I will be
commenting back to some of you guys to
do anyways that is it for today's vlog I
will see you guys soon on Laurel who we
stay a little bit more 7 in my main
channel and as always a savage
