they have no idea what's going on with
the beef so you really reach for this
bar it won't be welcome back to more
walk feet there you go guys I hope
you're excited about more Wolfie I think
I'm gonna keep the name more Wolfie or I
might stay tuned in the future change it
to just Wolfie I don't know yet but I
had to listen to the comments guys I was
set on something but the wolf fan was
selling something else so like obviously
I'm gonna listen to you guys before
myself because you guys brought me where
I am today
I'm literally nothing without you guys
so before we begin this vlog because I
said more wolf you go down smash that
like button with your elbow today let's
hit thirty five thousand likes on this
vlog you already know what it did I'd be
lying if I said it was the morning it's
like three o'clock I just started
vlogging I woke up late had a headache
how to take care of some important
business this morning literally we are
on Vine Street
shut up vine vine twos coming out Bank
of America how to drop the homie rice
off at the bank for a second just
dropped Ryan off to go get his haircut
literally I'm doing nothing for myself
today guys you gotta live sometimes you
got to help your friends up but no we
had to go take out some guac you feel me
no money cuz y'all know life's all about
money dawg screw happiness money is the
only thing that makes me I know how to
see we had to take care of some business
races in the bank right now I'm bored as
hell sitting in the car yelling to a
camera by my absolute self but I love
vlogging guys I do love it do not know
what's in store for today I really
should sit down and edit a video for my
main channel because I've been lacking
and there's some heat coming on that
channel still thinking about yesterday
when I watch Coco might go see a movie
tonight I don't know like I haven't
really been going to movies haven't been
taking advantage of those cheap
Tuesday's you feel me but check out how
beautiful la is at all times guys
literally it is wintertime in Canada
negative degrees Celsius in Canada going
Christmas tree shopping is brutal
because you're in the snow but I mean
everyone there's used to it and out here
all I'm seeing is palm trees like
there's no Christmas trees so where do
you even get them I don't know how it's
gonna work but I Loki did see a few cars
this morning with Christmas trees on top
Merry Christmas
it is the Christmas season guys comment
down below on this vlog what you want
for Christmas and daddy Wolfie will hook
your boy up I really know Santa me and
him alike we go way back we have a
really close relationship so I mean if
you guys need anything and you can't get
it on your own I will help you you know
that's what I'm here for
not just to not change my channel name
for more Wolfie but also get Christmas
presents for the Wilson
you guys are the best and if you don't
know what to get for Christmas there is
always all of the wolfy raps merch you
know you could get some of that I heard
it's like the coolest stuff to get for
Christmas and it's like discounted so
wolfy wraps comm link in the description
check out all the stuff on the screen
it's super lit and it's selling like
wildfire like always
my fans are the best I've been love you
guys to death surprise your mom your
brother your sister grandpa grandma
uncle aunt literally physically an aunt
surprises surprises stranger like this
guy in the white shirt surprise him
surprise a car you know surprise a
building the merge comes and building
sizes believe it or not Wolfie Roscommon
link in description have a good day I
love you guys you guys already know what
time it is we stopped at Starbucks how
to get my caramel macchiato that's my
name Bryce's new name is officially what
is it this is the typical Starbucks and
employee Phil breathe put some respect
on his name what the helium challenge
well what are you wearing to you are
that looks nice I just that's better
than designer they let me see that
I want to rigid I went to review there
was this super nice store shiny yeah
yeah Wolff store and they smell good a
few guards in our wolf savage and to be
there at 6 a.m. to get every stop ease
okay yo helium challenge let's sing
songs with helium guys as you know I
posted a pic for my 100th Instagram
picture if you haven't liked it like it
and like my recent one after it ok
they're both gonna be right here at
Whoopi right there if you like and
comment on the picture I will be
commenting back to you like it like it I
do yeah like you're ignoring us love you
back to you don't look at my followers
go out okay I'll shout out three people
three random people that like my two
most recent pics and comment three fire
emojis on it you're good anyways helium
challenge no wait just bring one down
you know they go to the very bottom oh
my god see what's so funny why you bad
business someone else having a better
shine than you go go go wait turn off
the camera I have to you know take this
outside what's going
give me one give me a line from it
go to school don't do drugs okay you
have many many many many mature that was
better than right we get some
instrumental on a mission about to check
the statistics instrumental freestyle
yeah guys here I'm gonna shake the
camera and we're gonna be right back
we're back guys we got an intramental on
deck oh yeah this is a freestyle got hot
hot hot
yeah same as that hot yeah I'm on that
block you gotta drop that top can I get
that top you can't beat me I'm no 3d you
can't see me now John Cena I'm gonna win
that fight he was a leader I can trap
him a high-pitched voice just like boys
in motion I bring the noise Oh Ryan
sways got a hairline whack he's half
white half that black but that's a big
line so I repeat that track like hey DJ
can you bring the beat back Jesus Christ
check the statistics check the
statistics see things check the
statistics cuz you oughta miss this
yeah you should be I'll give you a nice
it's everyday bro I don't know it's
everyday bro you have my god oh this
one's DJ Reince waves on the track ready
yo yo yo
close it away it's chill Louie you're on
that back let's go hit it hit it hit
every day for all that's normal that's
not normal
yo let me hit it let me rewrite the hit
we got a hit
okay Mikami team 10 trainee with a pen
check out my D you guys got some inches
I'll give us steel Christmas like the
Grinch alright guys so basically I've
been living in LA for a minute now going
back to Ottawa soon for obviously the
Christmas season but I have not really
explored multiple areas like I've just
been around West Hollywood in the Hills
and haven't really been downtown too
much I went the other day for the movies
but that was it haven't been to
Chinatown and stuff so tonight we're
just gonna explore the beautiful city of
La including Chinatown because I think
that's the first location so let's get
it you guys are stressing across the
city but it's for this which looks way
better in pictures by the way you know
yeah this is all you have not worth what
we're on the word I honestly think this
is kind of more lit than oh yeah this is
more lit oh yeah this is sick for
literally more lit than Yosemite every I
need an ice pick guys and you see me
with a pic right here like that and you
guys couldn't say I didn't tell you so
this is I wanted to kill two birds with
one stone Korean barbeque house I know
this is how we sculpt the Korean
barbecue cops oh that was crazy dude
wait go a little bit that way perfection
okay kind of like the biggest buzzkill
up all day today the security guard is
not really doing much but like
technically you're not supposed to be
filming because it is private property
where's the manager he's like like the
big boss somewhere I'm like yeah like
tell me where the manager so I got ask
him but he said we can only take pics
with our phones so I was like now we're
gonna take away the professional care
and we took it with a professional
camera there when that's up on the
ground make sure to double tap it and
comment down below
fire mo geez just like that and I'll DM
you and follow you back
like the canoes oh thank you go gang
Chinatown okay Brandi I see Brian took
pork and chicken let's see how it is I
swear we've got marinated slice no you
said routine you said 14 yeah 14 1 and
then 5 Gabe why you always do this
you're the guy that ordered something
that we don't know what it is I eat up
yeah you tell yourself that game I knew
you were that guy you ordered something
we don't know what it is I mean this is
your hallway that's the thing ours or
you got married
yeah that's what our there yeah that's
what that is because this is chicken and
this is the B throw euro has someone who
likes food right away Korean barbecue
obviously tell me how this is everyone
did you get hey you guys the security
and the small is really out here they
literally just walked me down the
escalator because they didn't want me to
vlog but I don't care I'm a savage I've
log in anyways basically we just got
some vulva teeth that because we're
Asian Oz but why you racist though why
literally did you tell me you're like yo
where's this like type of I was like
he has no proof no video proof it's fake
to office racist literally he just
assumes all is erased are the same any
thinks they all have the same stuff like
it's obviously not true
so come on expose anyways guys each bulb
aqui with some Baba's boba bubble tea
I'm H do you say I look like a gloomy
bear you're a gummy bear you alright do
you want to hear a joke game
yeah okay what is Bobo lead out of
Bulbasaur so he's asking about was there
a question
I'm not telling bull verse or okay guys
so I just got back to the house and I
was thinking because like honestly I'm
gonna be completely honest with you guys
today I didn't know what the hell I was
gonna vlog usually I wake up and I have
like some kind of topic of what I'm
gonna do but when you can daily vlog you
got to think of something heat every
single day and it just occurred to me
that Ryan did this video but I haven't
done it yet and I feel like I should do
it and that video is reacting to people
reacting to check the statistics I'm
really hoping that everybody is like
I've seen some of these reactions some
of them I haven't seen so I'm gonna try
and choose the ones that I haven't seen
I'm not gonna react to my own friends
reacting because I mean I've seen those
videos obviously but I just hope that
all these reactions are good because I
feel like the wolf famous savage enough
to like rip these people apart if they
roast me and I know my song was late so
if you have anything bad to say then
you're old
so the first one I'm gonna react to is
Dwayne and jazz I'm guessing this is
like a black couple channel you know
this ones and let's just get right into
their reaction I'm gonna skip all this
talking at the start cuz we're gonna do
a bunch of these so we just gotta get
right into it 45 seconds on the clock
let's get it
the giggles mhm because people don't
like notice the small things of
asperities okay I'm a fan of myself guys
you can't tell I hope they know who I'm
talking about you know those you can
tell by the guy's face he's like mmm
that's like the look of like this guy's
going off from the girls just dancing I
want to see it he says the big Shaq big
thing and you get you so you want master
can you go tell your minion dead I don't
feel him like back there this is like
the moment of truth the liquor laughs
I'm here to teach you a lesson
men I'm gonna disrespect Whoopi get
dismissed camera posit for a second two
minutes of four seconds I think correct
me if I'm wrong but I'm pretty sure that
like this is confirmation that they do
like the song they haven't said a lot
but everything they've said is positive
it's not like they've ripped on me and
they've they've been giving a lot of
like head nods it's bobbing along so I
think they like the song but yo i'ma
skip Ryan's verse cuz I think he reacted
a hitch I'm going to go to like the
third verse no Logan and Jay Paul where
I start going off and see what they say
so boom verse here we go
switching it up body buddy fact I was
little I was looking bad
Kevin beef hey hey Alyssa and president
baek's hey
this is usually where like people start
for the song and then like they know the
song enough to repeat the course a some
critiques I'll take the critiques okay
yo let's go to the very end and see
their final opinions on the song please
please good things please good things we
got to W ok so that's doing a jazz show
to them for obviously showing love next
one we're going to go - lets go - my man
question and see what this guy's got to
say here we go
let's see what he's got to say no matter
these reaction channels have like nice
fuses
I love reacting to this guy's already
repeated lyrics I made that's why you
got out to subtitles nothing negative so
far I mean a lot of these reactions
people I just like this it's not in a
head
he is no reactive big Shaku people don't
get the Z as line but I know all my
reaction channels obviously get it so
that was like double banger
but wolf he's got these bars inside me Z
it's no react or rapper pause you a big
bitch
that's where it hits you this guy got up
on each that's the best shot of the
whole video
okay guys I'm just gonna exit that video
I'm thinking he's feeling the song I
have yet to see where someone has like
not felt the song to be honest I mean
there was one irrelevant youtuber that
roasted me a bit but I mean he's kind of
irrelevant so and he was like really
reaching for the rose like I remember
like he was like dissing davidich thank
you like you really reached for this bro
it's all good cuz your video didn't even
crack a million views in my videos I
haven't 11 million views so let's see
what we got next let's get two of the
biggest goons that I see on the page
sellable reaction heyo
these are the people that I really need
to impress cuz if I can like get my
black side happy that I'm I may just cuz
like they listen to this type of music
they are gonna probably gonna be more
critical with what they say about my I
really hope I impress them but we'll see
they already know the Z as video
this is not looking good guys I might
get roasted okay look the guy on the
left looks like big Shaq I'm stressed I
like these looks it's like that's a
pretty good line I swear they came into
the rap expecting you can tell but
you're not I'm getting them back the
head nodding down this like verification
just say it's good just it's good he
knows that I see shadows yeah this is
the as reference be a little bit about
their positive reactions I'm age ask
need let's see if they like to bake
he is no reactive see they know the
reactions obviously a firehose I'll take
it
Manson he'll put his boy man's like Eric
Acosta is his I'm here to teach you a
lesson
madam no disrespect well if you get
dismissed that's the cleanest shot of
the video for sure
little Drake dance alright let's skip to
my third verse
funny but nothing bad here tell them
Dave they don't know the inside joke but
I'll let it slide why you be hating on
my fame we change to the better you
stayed the same I could go on forever
I'll refrain that's awesome
I hate these guys don't want to gas me
up too much but I'll take it
we'll go to seven minutes in 49 seconds
when it's done eight minutes okay I'm
stressed so they said it was right but I
will take that I as your wolf it was
really good cuz you can tell these are
the type of guys that like don't boost
anyone and they have no idea what's
going on with the beef so I mean thank
you for for that sellable reaction let's
do one more reaction but so far like
everything's been pretty good okay guys
for the final reaction we're reacting to
react it up to like there's only so many
reaction shed leaves you can have but
he's got a nice fade so I think he's
gonna fuck with the song and his title
I think I'll fuck with it here we go
please tell me he knows something about
no no why are you pausing this wide
aspect ratio wrong ah yeah yeah yeah
disrespect you downloaded the wrong
dimensions is you that stuff I look like
a pixel now anyways let's go please give
me something bro I was using his own
line again so he's gonna pause there a
line
but heroes these guys though I hope he
gets it 30 minutes thinking mind your
song I do I do for the hustle cuz it's
like every line you say wait a minute
yeah no it's good though I forgive this
guy no views but he puts out this rap
song and enjoy just blows up but he gets
no abused with the comedy tracks so
right that's just right now I can't say
no views because he gets more views than
me that's also tracks myself counts but
still I can get like 2 compared to the
sub count he is no abuse but he puts off
the brass song got hello you around ok
the bobbing head give me some of that
reacted up pause I'll take it but I
think it's real bro I'm not hey this is
my opinion does he know this one reactor
he got it
he's going back to get more time look
you got the bar this time use these no
that was for all the reaction channels
ok
okay I don't know yoga never loses the
reaction channels backing otherwise like
hey let's go the mouth drop no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no he's no no
that's about it with reacted out if you
ever make a reaction video ten minutes
is great but like don't stretch it it's
like leave the song a little more you
know what I mean like maybe four bars at
a time but yo thank you so much I
appreciate it react it up
I think that's gonna do it for today's
vlog Cho to everyone who's watch the
video if you want me to react to more of
the reactions to my diss track reacting
people react to my diss track smash the
like button 35,000 likes and we'll do it
comment down below what do you want them
to comment to you up my favorite G fuel
flavor your favorite defueling do have
one know what G fuel flavor is on like
this what G fuel flavor is on T arms
desc I'll put it up right now go comment
that down below first 5 people that do
it I will comment back to and that's how
I know you made it to the very end the
vlog wolf 4 5 verse news code wolf phase
up 10% off wolf raps calm any merch by
yourself everything for Christmas now
see you guys soon on mobile who are we
stay a little more savage my channel and
as always stay safe
