we're getting the nicest shots
impossible aka I'm using the drone
mm-hmm
how do you wolf em back on another vlog
you guys know what it is we are at
Yosemite officially we got here but it
was a rough morning this morning I was
so tired we got up at like 4:00 a.m. cue
the clip good morning
you ready yeah it's a good time you
ready we got the bags packed
let's go load them in the car shout out
to all the rats in the morning 5:20 a.m.
alright let's get packing good morning
good morning nice runners in the morning
everyone so nice in the morning okay
throw my stuff in there god damn this is
gonna be my bed for the next couple
hours guys that's good 70 Yuri come this
is the only way to beat LA traffic guys
it sucks yeah you do but yo everybody I
need everyone watching this vlog to
smash the like button let's hit thirty
five thousand likes on this vlog because
I'm doing something different I'm not an
adventurous guy king look at this view
come on man you got a waterfall in the
distance mountains this is not deep shut
out David literally I was like yo I need
to get out of the cloud house for like a
day or two I need to enjoy life I need
to fucking go look at views I need to
get a fire Instagram pic because I'm
bumping my Instagram up these days I'm
dropping heat wolfie on Instagram by the
way peep the latest pic go DoubleTap
that right now okay bless anyways guys
huge trees huge mountains ryan sways
gay who's aged 8 finally bro were here
how do you feel well I'm living a dream
let them know bro take out the drone a
dream actually you know what I'll let
you guys know how I feel by taking out
the drone shot that's gay
okay so that was a bit of drone footage
but like this and one of these trucks
just came up four vans and he said you
know droning in the park because if they
find you it's a $500 fee and they take
the drone this that he's like the
Rangers I'm like no we're not talking
about the New York Rangers right now
we're not talking about hockey teams so
usually I would be respectful but if I'm
on Yosemite for two days we're doing
drone shots and they're gonna be insane
shots for the boys I'm getting you guys
nice visuals cuz I know you guys want to
enjoy this with me so we're getting the
nicest shots impossible aka I'm using
the drone I'm not putting it away I
don't listen to people
I'm savage right speaking savage biggest
savage it's written bro it's written
right there Wolfie rocks calm copy your
merch 15% off for life if your wolf fam
this is mad cute no no no no no no no no
no come on bro can we not just enjoy
views like why do we have to do maybe
want some good beer memories are just
with our head like why do you need to
whip out a camera like why does
everything like why is that really
taking 45 percent of that and revenue so
why does everything have to be about a
camera they can we not like guys can we
not just enjoy the view all right like
like this pisses me off bro yeah you let
me know how that photo was guys at El
Capitan I just took literally 600 photos
of Gabe jumping it's guys so a city now
Ryan's gonna jump don't hurt yourself a
buddy
yeah the basketball hops like fire no no
this views too mainstream for me I'm out
moving on to the second location this
might be where I get the Instagram pics
so I had to wear the whole Nike dri-fit
outfit got the travel backpack on almost
as traveling friendly as this guy up
here apparently it's like a 10 to 15
minute walk up to this waterfall but
it's gonna be sweetness keep it nice and
usually right yeah what are the odds you
climb those rocks to the waterfall no no
out of five three two one three zero
all right get climbing buddy that all
this he's like wilderness danger is my
middle name face oh my god don't fall in
Oh
feeling session Wow
okay cool you're cool oh my god this is
not serious this is not serious I hate
him I hate him
yeah we're at you know 70 buddy like
and good job goddamn this guy knows how
to hit them folks they don't call me
nature wolfy for nothing
danger haha look at this waterfall guys
this is sick my ig pic is about to be
wavy yo if you're watching this vlog and
you see my Instagram pic in front of
this waterfall make sure to fucking like
the picture and comment down below
this water emoji the three droplets cuz
this is he oh my god this crazy so I
just took a few pics on this rock
honestly I feel like if I want to get
one nice in front of this I need to go
on that rock up there somewhere
so me and Gabe are gonna climb up it's
kind of dangerous if you go the
dangerous route I'm gonna take the easy
route I'm not trying to kill myself
today I'm just trying to get a little
gay do you feel like that girl plant why
I said do you still like that girl like
the girl of plants plant the girl who
his name is plants well give plants a
chance bro give her a chance row gives a
chance business name alright you just
take one just take it so Gabe is
attempting to do something called a
hyperlapse right now we stopped with the
side of the road we just finished with
the waterfall view peep this can view
look at this Gabe right here hers going
down the road and then
hey this mountains in saying I wish I
could get on top of that but yo
basically what a hyperlapse is a bunch
of pictures that you stack together so
it's like it stop motion stop motion
kind of like stop motion guys if you
don't know what stop motion is that is
what stop motion is kind of what a
hyperlapse is that takes forever to do
he's gonna like run and just take
pictures like so you do that game i'ma
stay stay in the car I'll be warm over
here good luck with that
fresh apple cheese here we brought it
with me ride for homeless I pick one off
the street really rough from guys taste
like wilderness let's continue this trip
guys it's always good once you've really
done the Apple let me just finish it
don't swallow the apple seeds because
rumor has it you're gonna grow an apple
in your belly you want to give back to
the environment here squirrels are gonna
eat it so the next location we went to
these are Henry's Falls honestly they're
named after King Henry the third Great
Falls they like to fall narrow lateral
in the winter in the summer same type of
stuff anyways I don't want to give you
guys too much of a detailed description
of this mountain I mean you guys can
figure it out when you come here
yourself but just look at that and that
water is the 99th most fresh water in
the world fun facts
do you want you want to go any closer
Gabe's dressing out he's like you don't
know if you don't go I'm not that
adventurous
the thing is though that's that's a path
like I would go like if my bank account
set up the right way but like if I strip
and fall like I don't have insurance so
I mean it's safe
I do have insurance none it's safe so we
just don't go let's just go literally
double waterfall just from coming a
little bit closer there's another
waterfall Ryan you wouldn't know that
because you don't want to come but it's
okay on this boy's trip me and Gabe will
do it the whole front of my foot just
went in the water I'm stressed now is
when I start getting annoyed this is yo
what are the odds that I claim I climbed
that thing and I said there's no odds
just do it do it for the vlog just don't
do it for the vlog bad bet I'll charge
alright P Gabe let's go oh okay first
step done next step climb on that log
you got to go around
Gabe is an absolute mod Mon guys if for
some strange reason you haven't realized
that by now Gabe you're a bad one where
are you oh you think you can do it too
far
where are you what these armors on the
tree no no no okay oh that's not safe
that's not safe ro that's a long fall
down all right there goes our Apple
there goes the Apple it's not safe but
I'll come down screw the odds guys you
gotta know when to back out bail okay
let's go back you're crazy all right
let's get it guys when your nature you
got to do as nature is I gotta take a
dump
okay I have to take a number two I'm
gonna be honest like there's no toilet
toilet anywhere near me but there is
like trees and we got water so I can
wipe after so yo I mean if bears can do
it then like I could do it too right I
gotta go wait this is bad
water water oh oh okay we gotta go back
let's go back okay guys so this is a
room tour we are working with right now
I got my own little room and I made Gabe
and Ryan go in their room they're
sharing a bed cuz you know what this is
uh I paid for it so you're old don't
know what this is up here but just like
extra pillows I'm kind of aged we got a
safe to keep myself safe because
literally you can see nature right out
here right out here right in a gay bar
right like next door we got a window
some stuff table Wi-Fi fan fridge table
TV literally that's about it it's
nothing crazy but I gotta upload my
YouTube video here so let's see how good
the Wi-Fi is so the internet was
absolutely garbage but yo peep this guys
I'm downloading at 6 minutes left thanks
to my good old friend the iPhone X I
love you if it wasn't for my phone and I
couldn't hotspot there would be no video
up today because the internet connection
literally said like 12 hours and it just
kept going up and up and up just to
download the file so like uploading the
file would have been ten times worse so
I think I got a solution shoutout to the
phone and then hopefully we can go
outside and get some nice shots for a
golden hour because games aged and the
Suns gonna go down and it's gonna be
sweet I mean we've took it enough we've
taken enough Instagram pics as it is but
Gabe's age i Ryan's over the day already
so guys it came down to me literally
going to the lobby the internet was even
slower here but I just had to forward
the video to Silvia Silvia had to upload
it so it's gonna be up but it was like
mad stressful but I think everything is
good now
holy crap that was getting a nice
time-lapse for you guys shut up Gabe
we're sitting at the half dome atop a
dome if you guys think I'm not eating a
filet mignon right now for dinner like
come on like if we're here your boy is
born gonna get a filet mignon and due to
the drought in California our
restaurants serve water on request don't
know what that means but we're even good
to make good this on you right all right
oh my god we're eating like kings
tonight whereas I feel I mean young like
kidding I know I flopped I just got a
burger guys but still nice I my advice
of what don't kill me they have Wolfman
merch in here I'm a try merchants in
stores let's go
combat guys link at description wolf
yaps calm second day ago saying that you
guys there's frost on the roof of the
car I think we're gonna leave a little
bit early because I have some stuff to
do in LA but Yosemite was crazy alright
so I just got back to the house look at
these wonderful ladies yo shut up - all
you guys what's your Instagram so nice
in case you were to ends because someone
took my hu alien crazy okay they're real
MVPs guys they're actually really nice
girls I gotta take a shit though so I'm
gonna say bye to them right now
let's get one more picture okay okay
guys so today has been a little bit of a
rough day I'm not gonna lie
yesterday was sick Yosemite honestly
breathtaking views if you guys have not
gone I suggest going just because it's
fucking dope I mean you've seen in my
vlog but yo the day is turning around so
basically you guys know I took an L when
I got that Louie Vuitton supreme hoodie
took a big out but I'm a I think I just
found a buyer and you
guys know your boy rice came through on
the hookup this dude obviously I gave it
to him little bit discounted but shut
race because I was about to like sell it
to Mitch but it was a little too big for
Mitch you guys know Mitchell and I was
like who the hell is just as big of a
height beast if not bigger height beast
than me who would really want this piece
who doesn't have this piece and it would
fit them literally flawlessly so I
wanted to races are always like your
rice you down for this hoodie he's like
which one I'm like yo this one he tried
it on and you know once you try it on
you cannot not get it so I found a buyer
for that because I really wasn't trying
to ship it back and I just got in some
news some Ottawa news back home about a
special something which you guys are
definitely gonna see in the near future
I cannot say what it is I don't want to
ruin the surprise but just put it this
way hey that's all I'm saying
okay that's all I'm saying it's sick I'm
excited about that because that is
something I've been working on behind
the scenes for in like six months okay
literally over six months to be honest
so I'm super amped about that but yo
your boy is hungry haven't really eaten
real food actually I did have real food
last night oh seven he was pretty lit
but other than that I have not had good
sit-down food in a minute so let's go
get some food you guys thought it was
playing with this Louis Vuitton sweater
100% legit you guys already know what it
is it didn't fit me but I found someone
who it fits better and he's gonna buy a
straight catcher I mean I don't know I'm
still deciding guys I'm still deciding
it's pretty nice I already have a red
jacket you know how are you wearing
three know what get bad I would post it
every day see you here first race now
has a hoodie I don't have to ship it
back
guys this is a sign from God grace has a
Louie bag sitting on a supreme chair so
that means Louis similar goals bring it
back
guys we're gonna get wings but having
the know like completely flop went into
the wing place am I gonna name any names
with their leg yo you have to be over a
certain age to get wings here at this
time it's like seven o'clock I think I
know the bar rules and I was just like
I'm 17 and they're like hey you can't
eat here and I was like guys lost all
these customers because we wanted wings
so they took it out an hour so we took
it W no no no not that it's not this why
am ia say now what ye say now look at
the car - alright that's the car bro
that's the car that's good heavy sign
and the black and yellow laces pay
homage I'm Jo Rico from Hannah Montana
cheddar Rico from Hannah Montana
yo Rico no he doesn't wants to play like
that eh alright
Moises what's his real name Moises
something snake so guys we're ending the
night off Ryan is trying to convince me
have you checked to see Coco guys Coco
is an animated film by Pixar it is one
of the best is not a brand deal it's not
a brand deal okay I've ever seen I've
ever seen every watch news blog watch
Coco how many movies have you watched in
my life like a lot millions K so your
judgment our movies goes by this
have you seen get out yes no yeah no man
you're old but because that was a great
movie my friend directed it I seen like
like him well crap key and Peele the guy
from TV David Jordan Peele you dumbass
anyways so guys he wants me to see this
movie Coco
I am literally a fan of good movies even
though it's not my genre and I don't
like animated movies I enjoyed
Zootopia I hated topia is one of the
best movies I've ever seen Opia is go
ice age is one of the
it's movies Evan yeah okay worst movies
I've ever seen yeah and people like the
movie I hate it honestly I hated Ice Age
so this is a gamble great movie that's a
great that's not okay so you owe me ten
bucks if I walk out and say it's a
review honestly I will honestly tell you
guys I'll be the movie critique I'll
tell you guys one week when we're done
the movie obviously but some titles know
so if you speaking Spanish how do I have
no idea they speak like all English
they're all it's all English sometimes
it's automatically old I'm not trying to
read a book okay anyways guys are
watching Coco I will actually let you
know know how the movie go goes alright
so we just finished somebody we just
finished on the one I came from and I
wanted I know anyways I will give it to
Ryan you don't owe me ten bucks thank
you there's a good movie solid it was a
good movie but at the end of the day
this feel-good gone girls better just
remember me if I ever die for my picture
can subscribe to me like my pics do not
forget me
that's hints about the movie you guys
I'm not gonna spoil it cuz I'm not one
of those guys she dies in the end
she doesn't videos it was a good movie
now we're going home I just got home and
it is officially time for bed my sleepy
schedule is still messed up from
Yosemite because literally a day off we
woke up at like 4:00 a.m. and then
yesterday or this morning we woke up at
like 6:00 a.m. so I am exhausted
I'm gonna end the vlog off there if you
enjoyed the Yosemite vlog and you want
more cool adventurous fogs like that
where I go somewhere for longer than a
day because Yosemite was like quick
quick quick but there's like some
beautiful places in the world and I want
to explore the world smashed like what
if we hit 35,000 your boy is gonna
become travel Wolfie I'm gonna fly
across the world and over from here to
here from China to France to Beijing
those are definitely not the right on
the map but yeah your boys gonna travel
take my friends with me it's gonna be
sweet comment
below where I should go next preferably
someplace that isn't just all of our
mountains preferably maybe like a city
or something cuz I'm like a really a
city guy and I will make it happen and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
because you guys like that name a lot
where we stay a little more sours in my
main channel and as always stay Savage
