if this is what I think it is I've been
looking for this for months
I honestly don't think it's my size
though Wow good morning 8 yo what's good
boy Wolfie welcome back to a vlog that
sounded kind of cringe sound kind of
weird different so I don't allow you
guys repeat the intro with me but yo I
hope you guys are having an amazing day
smash the like button if you're having
an amazing day if you're not having an
amazing day smash the like button to
have an amazing day let's hit thirty
five thousand likes on this vlog with
your nose today
hurry up wolf and smash the like button
anyways we have a busy day literally I
told you guys in yesterday's vlog that
Ryan is coming up Ryan is literally
flying into San almost respect put some
respect on my name this guy man stress
me anyways Ryan's flying into Sanford
that's a black cat we got unlucky guys
we're dying
Ryan's flying into San Francisco San
Francisco is like five hours away from
LA so we are gonna leave tomorrow
morning at 5 a.m. which means we have to
do a load of stuff so I'm trying to film
a video at our pool today which means we
have to go to Home Depot to get supplies
Gabe behind the camera needs to pick up
some camera supplies because he's eights
assumption that and then what else I
have to go meet up with Silvia because
we're gonna go see if she wants to come
we have to shop for clothing because I
don't have any hiking clothing moment
it's cold it is close so Sylvia's gonna
have to call some clothing ugly God just
messaged me this guy's back in LA and he
says people always flop on him here but
you know I'm not a flopper so hopefully
I get to see my dude ugly today because
I miss him I miss him guys maybe we'll
do some shopping I don't know today is
gonna be an eventful day so stay tuned
for the blog skated literally all I
wanted to do was film a simple video
where I build something a structure on a
pool tell me why Minh Home Depot's
lumber section never seen this much wood
in my life this is what Gabe does guys
literally I told him you were gonna make
the simplest video ever and it's gonna
be a quick we're gonna bang it out let's
do it right before we go to San
Francisco
this guy's like no we need wood and like
he literally he called his dad who knows
wood this guy's measured
that you ready can you show them the
picture you showed me this is how
complex is bro we're not making like a
structure like this a YouTube video
his dad drew this out you're not what
the fuck is this what is this concrete
blocks no no no we really do these
things guys like to word euro we just
went from meeting six of these pieces of
wood to twelve to now fourteen pieces of
wood so I don't know if his calculations
are wrong I'm just stressed mad like
this is why sometimes you just don't
want to mention the videos you're
filming to people that are like too
scientific and math related because they
literally are like no if we want to make
it work exactly how it's gonna work like
mathematically with the equation
following the quadratic formula we need
to do fourteen point three five pieces
of what it's like not just like let me
do it across the pool bro yeah what do
you got in your hand bro those those are
pool noodles concrete no no no blank
concrete blocks
Gabe's worried about the next wood
screws to buy I'm worried about which
Red Bull flavor I want like are we doing
a construction job ready for this video
I don't think I'm gonna make the money
back off the beer then you ever spend
ago I've already bought hundreds of
dollars of one supply that I can't
mention but I mean just looking at this
like come on bro like oh here we go old
fashioned hand saw skipped ahead saw
literally I don't know how we're fitting
these in the car they're already
starting to turn on the front lights up
there so it's like struggle these are
already gonna hit my head guys measuring
in the parking lot and get a saw them in
the parking lot
so guys our workstation is in the
parking that's the way to do it you can
still see the elevator sign of Home
Depot oh yeah
secure it make sure you get the
measurement mark there you go boom and
then take this off you did a good boy
income opposite yeah my viewers are not
friends
yo yo yo don't cut your hand jeez that's
what youtubers do on this very case all
right now you put it in final what if
truth moment of truth let's go we're
good it's fine let's go we're chewing I
don't see any problem man there's
nothing that you will ride I'm gonna get
into it actually I'm up to something
so guys mid filming session we looked up
in the hills and there's this like
random light we think it's a camera
we're shining the laser pointer on it
and Gabe is actually a savage so this
guy's climbing climbing throws guys
reaching are you actually going all the
way to the light he's gonna be late he's
gonna die
yeah don't fall bro we're gonna send
Paris on him come on Paris where you
going
Gabe I can't see you
follow the follow the laser printer oh
yeah we got you bro they're coming for
you Oh
ding-ding-ding-ding going yo don't
forgive
I'm not a little jell mom mom dad I'm
sorry what is it just a light why is
there a light there 1000 nobody was not
not so long ago someone is spying on the
house alright that's creepy
yo bring the light down what there's
literally no reason to be there except
if you're spying walking into the
clubhouse yes your best title ever a
strange light on the hill behind our
house whoa broken in helicopters called
you're gonna jump in the pool with the
light you jump in yeah let's go bro no
balls
everyone smash to like one because
Gabe's a Canadian all right do you I go
why are you scared bro he's insane what
backflipping
if I'm gonna be hiking yosemite i haff
they will pick up some joggers I have to
go pick up perhaps some shorts and then
new shoes because I don't feel like I
can hiking again and my human races are
my easiest to be honest and I know
Yosemite is a crazy mountain so we're
gonna go to shoe palace quickly to pick
up some shoes like decent ones that I
can beat up and shorts maybe some food I
hate being that guy that does not bring
socks and he's trying on new shoes today
I'm a greasy guy but we have like 20
minutes until this place closes so we
got to go bye sucks at you fellas and
where did that means after by socks
what say I'm buying socks to guys go
fund me for socks please please please
link in the description goat and
actually that's too emotional you know
these are the shoes I'm looking at guys
New Balance black shoes I know the
music's loud no Cochran I'm gonna talk
really quick because I don't want them
to get dirty
so I'm trying out one other pair that
we're gonna see you know guys check out
what I found on the parking lot go to
all you see in this road this guy left
his mixtape here oh yeah oh it's a CD no
harm was done alright to see the eye
still works I might leave it the same
place it is I'm not trying to disrespect
you jail do try to keep it a curse still
have CD I think I think CD players were
like 1800 you know but it all series
this bro good luck
keep up the hustle that is honestly a
grind I respect any grind I think we're
in the wrong parking lot though it's
gonna be a grind to get this car this is
grind season boys this is grind season
Gang Gang Gang never stop never stop
grinding race yo Gabe bad news San Fran
news go yeah San Fran bro
I don't know if it's good news about San
Francisco I got my shoes bro but I don't
know we'll talk about it later no no
because of that there's an important
King's room we'll talk about it we'll
talk about it when you've done this
video Joe Joe we don't have a plan but
alex is here you have the coin-flipping
absolute bro you can decide hey I don't
even know what what is on your tails
heads we go to San Francisco
tails we don't roadies click it your kid
heads we go to San Francisco today to on
the vlog guys welcome back look who
showed up today lazy because I know Ryan
sees the vlog they litigate the blogs
are lit again yeah yeah you're we have
Ryan's waves which means the vlogs are
officially back I told you guys the
dynamic duo
the duo who hit ten million views on a
rap song because we don't take else we
never take else guys that was the
easiest battle I've ever done in my life
literally you guys can all take a look
at the statistics or you can check the
statistics Spotify and Apple music link
in the description let's get it to
number one download it right now guys
anyways like I was saying you know how
do you feel about our W oh we got
that's because honestly use holy Sh you
know what I mean
no even if big Shaq doesn't respond
that's still a W because we got 10 mil
off of nothing he heard it a hundred
percent big shock I mean you do you bro
there's a really good image online yeah
yeah I'm saying I understand it like I'm
down it was more at you're irrelevant
unknown friend bro that's who we were
taking shots at but we had to come at
your head top because you know how it is
bro you know how the view game worked
and it was a success 10 mil more wolfy
most viewed it on the channel every day
no wolfy vlogs I can't even speak
anymore guys anyways I'm filming a main
Channel video right now we have a bunch
of stuff planned for today we always
have a bunch of stuff planned but I got
a bang this out before you vlog but I
will update you guys as soon as we're
done this main channel banger what's in
that book ok so I just had a bunch of
merge pull off embrace is the latest
version but if this is what I think it
is yo when you have the keys yeah I'm
actually nervous if this is what it is
but I don't think it is because I read
the sender if it might it might be more
merch oh my god oh my god Tom you're
Ryan Ryan Ryan you guys want to know why
they call me the biggest height based on
YouTube let me show you I've been
looking for this if you guys have been
watching my vlogs for months I I'm
praying that it actually fits me because
I had to get it from a New York you know
they hooked it up they gave it to me for
free yeah they did oh my god why would I
didn't get to the truth yes yes what I'm
not gonna show them how they said you
don't have to show Janice how funky but
why is this super what a prank bro and
if it is eBay is gonna like eBay hooks
it up right eeep or PayPal PayPal
hook it up
donto the serial numbers decide throw
like does this not seem small like tiny
bro same I'd honestly don't think it's
my size though fake bro this looks too
small I might have to return this Loki
why is it so small
it's 4 L for kids I'm actually stressing
out because this is this is tiny if I
don't wear it can I return it no I
didn't pay for something I might have to
sell it guys this might be the biggest
buzzkill of 2017 video people how nice
this is is this fake easy bus the bus
there let me smell it
no it smells like peach that's real it
smells real oh my god guys you know how
I said I literally don't take else
I literally just I think I took the
biggest L of my whole career just now
I'm so sad like I've never been this sad
and disappointed in my life that hoodie
I've wanted forever when it was super
hype went now it's like died down it
doesn't have the same hype that it used
to but I literally like finally found a
store that I thought would be good and I
guess I might not have done my research
I don't know what but like for L that is
the size that I got just like they sell
their stuff super small and like for L
to me was below XXXL on the site which
means it should be for large or
something because the Louis Vuitton
supreme stuff fits like tiny so I was
like yo this is gonna be the one
everything's gonna be good and it got
here I've been waiting
I stayed an extra day here just so I
could get the package then I unbox the
package and it failed it's not my size
so I don't know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna resell it I'm gonna later on in
the day because I'm busy right now but
like I'm gonna I'm gonna call customer
service which is just a pain because now
I have to sit down and like waste more
time on this thing it's not even worth
it guys Ryan's ways here so the vlogs
are late guys go to school smash the
thumbs up on with our elbows today it's
not about materialistic things guys I'm
pissed
depressed soul at this time tender
greens so good to me it's the only thing
that ever closed it loves me every time
I watch you know about that upgrade 4x4
we're going to Yosemite we need that
4-wheel Drive
so there's taking an Instagram photos
here's a camera in his hands the words
are you ready at hike no no you ready to
hike sometimes you're not coming your
head you think this is ready for hiking
hell no
sorry I had to do that to you right all
right P package all right P lose not
supreme I love you okay guys so it is
dark outside now hold on I'm moving to a
room with a little more light so while
Ryan is sleeping we have a few more
things to do before we go to Yosemite
because I think we're leaving at 4:00
a.m. tomorrow morning not flopping we're
going we're doing it for like a day and
a half two days maximum that's all I can
do it for I'm not an outdoorsy guy
anyways few things you need to pick up
first thing on the list is we need dry
fit I need a shirt that I can go hiking
in that's gonna keep me warm that I can
sweat in that's gonna have a lot of
breathability in it so that is the first
thing I need second thing I need is a
cord for the back of this camera because
my microphone I dropped my camera the
other day it busted the cord and
although you guys can't tell that the
whole right side of the microphone
doesn't work because in editing I
swapped over the left audio to the right
audio so it sounds completely normal to
you guys but it adds extra editing time
which means we need to get a camera cord
third we need to pick up some food so
that we have some food at Yosemite
otherwise we won't be eating those are
the three things we need stores are
starting to close so we gotta make moves
let's get it so guys we got here just as
they were closing this is the most shady
other ever they were supposed to close
at 7 and said that online but it's 6:30
we literally just got here the security
guards like no it's closing but I'm like
I'm just buying a cord so hopefully they
let me buy it
oh is this Jay Paul's elevator what are
you wearing go copy link description
goddam comfortable accessible I got
something no no no it's working
real you hold my phone I don't work you
mean that's not the anyone know your old
one is working yeah yeah I hate my life
this is wack
I guess the solution guys was literally
just you got to walk into a camera store
and then just like in any game when
you're repairing your armor and it just
repairs your camera automatically all
right Thank You Sammy's camera check
second thing is the drive fit
I told you guys we're stopping at the
Grove which is like a couple minutes
away from the cameras that are
conveniently they have a Nike store Nike
outlet I'm a copper shirt there but peep
the grow beautiful
it's like 10 days okay so now you know
oh the lights Christmas tree higher than
the
let it snow shut up Pierce let's get it
when you're too hot to actually
absolutely
that was fuckin snow machine insane
degrees rule look at him
tommy's this is Taurus central call me
running Wolfie getting ready for
Yosemite I don't know if it's gonna be
good though you look like a daddy Brooke
yes I think this is the top I'm gonna go
with Lily I mean this site you can tell
I haven't been working out lately I'm
shopping for workout clothes to try and
get myself motivated partially to hike
I'm partially like just for the CEO
sanity pic guys you need to comment down
below on a scale of 1 to 10 how much
does Wolfie look like like with AB like
a dad
yeah oh that's a 10 out of 10 this is
swaying that's a cop when you don't wait
on a change um guys you just slip the
pants on in the story life hacks with
Wolfie I'm wearing shorts so they're
little bit tight but yo keep the
matching pants matching top it's a cop
bro you believe that as though you
remind me of summer screw summer Rae I
love you some everybody Oh Wolfie rape
you know how hard it is for me to find
socks that actually say size 12 to 15
like that doesn't exist let's shout out
to these people
cuz now actually a box that won't cut my
circulation off anyways guys I think
we're safe to say that we just checked
the second thing off the list the last
thing that we got to get is like food
and basic living supplies one last thing
shorts because I need motivation to work
out this guy needs to buy in order to
have motivation device he's literally
outside work these days
calculate paralyzed who's from that
everybody goes a game dry nice to meet
you though take care why do I qualify so
if you spent 250 you can get a $50
you've heard yet but not for this person
that's what generally one way to be
clickbait Ibiza you get a $50 gift card
but not for now for another time I'll
take it quick shopping trip at Ralph's
let's get this food
you cannot live without water so that's
the biggest necessity we need on this
trip DIY giant wine class so now guys
we're looking for snacks Gabe just
informed me that we're not gonna be at
the actual Airbnb until like 6 o'clock
tomorrow when we leave it for because
we're gonna go straight to Yosemite
which means all we can eat is snacks
snacks are not something that I really
put anymore like I used to eat a lot of
times as a kid but like I can go a full
day without eating but now I'm just
looking at like some of these crispy
popcorn is just kind of old shopping for
food is complete we got pizzas you know
the typical camping stuff so that is the
third check mark off the list we could
go home now this dude is about to take a
bath in coffee no no no no he's not
serious oh my
that's disgusting
that's disgusting these are the things
that happen in the cloud house all right
well fam ya already know what time it is
it's that time at the end of the vlog
this is a two day vlog it's a long one
but I hope you guys say to the very end
because a lot of stuff went down and I
hope you are excited for dumb views
literally gays ringing the drone it's
gonna be a lot of not eating because we
don't have time to eat when we're hiking
but a lot of sweet life experiences with
the boys right right that's taking his
pants off okay if you enjoyed the vlog
you already know what it is make sure to
go down and smash that like button
35,000 likes on this blog comment down
below Wolfie hold this Elle I will give
you guys one vlog to call it that tell
me as many times to hold this out
because honestly with the louis vuitton
supreme hoodie i took a fucking massive
L I'm not ashamed to say it wasn't the
best thing ever but it's a learning
experience guys teaches me not to be an
impossible buyer even though it's been
months that have been trying to get this
thing and I wanted to take a cool
Instagram laptop case I just wanted to
but it's a flop so comment that down
below keep downloading check the
statistics link in description apple
music and spotify let's get it to number
one we're climbing the charts baby and I
will see you guys soon
on Wolfie blogs more wolf we don't even
know my name we need more where we stay
a little bit more savage on my main
channel Anna's always stay savage Lego
