okay wolf em this is been on my mind
like for the past like week this is
super personal we have to talk
good morning and yo what's gonna - we're
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy another
sunny day in LA guys before we begin the
vlog you already know what it is go down
and smash that like button let's hit
35,000 likes you guys have been killing
the like button the views on the past
like literally a few weeks of logs so
thank you so much for that wolf Emma I
love you guys to death I'm gonna keep
riding with you guys till I can't ride
anymore which is never cuz I'm gonna
keep riding I don't even know what I'm
riding but yo this morning we started
the day off by going to get Chipotle
rollin princess anelle a dog now guys
coming at chick-fil-a with the squad
holy busy la streets princes aged wolfy
jr. you're stressed come on Prince
Paulie
I mean Prince actually decided to tag
along
this dog is getting used to LA he's
becoming an LA dog he's a little bit
nervous around people around busy cars
and streets like that but yo he's
improving so shout out to Prince Wolfie
jr. you're next buddy I've missed you
you need to come here too in speaking of
the devil
Vince is taking over this is a club dog
guys this dogs the real code dog you
heard it here first Paris London
year-old ring also obviously you guys
know I cannot live without my coffee so
I had to get and usually I get hot
drinks but I'm switching now because
it's gonna plot today I can feel the
fires I have to get Charlie they spelled
my name right caramel macchiato
ice it's like the closest thing that I
can get to like kind of an ice cap but
nothing really touches an ice cap if you
guys are from Canada you know what I'm
talking about ice caps are crack
addicting as hell we can't get those so
I had to settle so big I went to because
she carved actually Loki I copied her
anyways we're munching Chipotle and then
we're thinking about going to Universal
today because I've never been there and
I know there's a lot of cool vlog stuff
to do there so I mean why not to kill
two birds with one stone actually why
not check the statistics link in the
description iTunes Spotify download it
now good morning London in Paris good
morning come here
yes come on look how much you've grown
oh they want out here Hey
good girl okay good boy good boy Paris
this I have to deal with these two dogs
for a bit because ELISA just has too
much on her plate so I babysit you guys
right okay yep you're smelling the
Chipotle I can see you're smelling the
Chipotle you want to leave you can't
leave ha ha ha jessamy over London you
gave up your brothers will to give up
with you that's why you guys aren't
listening
well this random truck just pulled up to
the clubhouse and is now robbing these
Louie Vuitton and Gucci statues guys I
have no idea what's going on but that's
just me
banks has a Gucci bag I'm stress raiser
what are you rocking oh no we be becau
wear it oh yeah when we go to this off
weight champion collapsing we all buy
this yeah guys just know I bought the
bag first yeah yeah no but the only
reason of weight loss because I go to
cheaper in London by the pound you got
that in London when your day the pounds
made it about $100 cheaper
all right guys yeah it doesn't but this
is what happens guys when you're friends
with a bunch of youtubers and all like
designer stuff on all hi beast we all
get the same because this is like a nice
bag but I'll come back and buy time
movies like yeah I got that I'm like
like but I didn't seem like I buy
something banks is like I've had that
I'm like everything everything anyways
guys were headed to the Grove right now
we had to stop at the gas station banks
had to get some water because this guy's
hand he's on some medication because he
broke his finger and he's on some next
pain meds so it's making him feel like
woozy and so he's grabbing water and
then we're gonna head to the Grove banks
knows this crazy like off light champion
collab I love off light Fraser loves all
fight we all live off wait so we're
gonna see what they have hopefully it's
not too late to get some stuff I hate
spending money but like with the new
stuff like I just I just have two guys
I love you guys so much but I gotta do
it quick is valet parking job ever turns
out we're actually going to the Beverly
Center so we're at the Grove for like
two seconds and we're going to David
parodies favorite store in existence
Dave you know the one I'm talking about
everyone tag Dave safe no we're going to
your favorite store Dave and you know
I'm not gonna say the name of it because
you know what it is David there's a lot
of off weight as soon as you enter it
the sales pressure is ridiculous so that
was the quickest growth trip ever have
you have to you but you don't have ten
bucks oh yes you're brave open that and
see what see what I have is there like a
twenty only okay you know you have you
have ten there you go
that's a twelve dollar mistake her there
for two minutes a parking offer a
champion collabs full of photos we got
kicks to think I'm gonna cop this guy's
and I might get the hoodie too because
the hoodies this didn't even come and he
got the nicest piece a car crush yeah
let me see your pants probably existing
great guys today is the biggest L we've
ever taken in history we went from one
thing literally one thing we didn't have
it and honestly honestly not shout out
to the salespeople because you kept
telling me I looked good and something
that I did didn't fit okay that is not
how you sell people and I'm gonna rant
about that all day that is not you sell
people on anything and I hate you guys
but whatever you know I got some bad
news bro can you see my Instagram pic oh
with the my tears like 300k and like
yeah like they're gonna join clogging
yeah okay yes all right
he saw I'm gonna go pack my bags really
fast all right bro hi tell your brother
you can leave too okay take care come
back oh my god Visio mozzie summers new
dog we've got the smallest little penis
excuse me and you okay here you go I
don't want to hurt them oh you won't
hold on guys that's a small dog that's a
so fluffy hold it in your hand he's a
little six seven nurses baby dog guys oh
yeah
oh wait you're talking about this food
yo-yo David David yeah yeah did you hear
about my pick no hit three it doesn't
like so like our clients to enjoy like
hey you know I mean wait what do you
mean
Martinez food spell game yeah yeah 300k
likes like I said so I mean wait wait so
what are you so closet we gotta go back
we have to pack yeah
ooh all right nice to meet you won't be
I hated those twins anyways I'm just
joking guys I love them
yo but Q of are we actually going when
are we going to five guys when are we
gonna five guys oh we're going to five
guys yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah really
what do you eat yeah yeah it's called
five guys though yeah yeah okay bye
girls
your oh my sexual is has nothing anyways
guys it's ashli but on a serious note
Ryan is coming here in two days Ryan
sways is back in LA guys I told you he
would come back literally he paid for
his own ticket I didn't pay for it at
all not like I put my credit card and
everything like that he a hundred
percent definitely paid but he's back
it's gonna be crazy
I think Bongo and jad also might come in
the next couple of days we're going to
San Francisco we're going to Yosemite
where's your anyways so honestly the
next week of logs is gonna be insane so
get ready wolf fan let's go get some
food alright guys welcome back to the
first
episode of cloak gang karaoke we got
everyone in the car
we got Gabe and then we got these noobs
we got David I asked you guys to take me
to five guys you just brought me a group
of five guys well I'm trying to think a
strike we found five guys try to think
of a joke no game
you know you parked in an animal
hospital parking spot I'm chilling Wow
animals could be dying bro do you have a
pet you wouldn't know that you never got
to pet right there I know you are Edie
I'm learning to the animals yeah I'm
gonna yeah but when someone comes in
with their cat yeah and they have no
parking and he goes into arrest bro bro
then that's his shoe and that it would
cost you $600 yes 600 and a life come on
bro like I love cats I've had three come
on hey you guys heartless yeah food I
know you like designer clothes have you
seen the new five guys off white collab
nowhere bro 180 right now oh my god the
walls are easy yo Justin Bieber purpose
merch is east of these walls oh my god
really gave come on bro okay guys we
have bad news
honestly you shouldn't have parked here
because bro we didn't get a ticket but
three cats got died because of you you
know everyone calm down
okay wolf em we have to talk literally I
stopped blogging because this is been on
my mind like for the past like week I
know I brought it up before two things I
have to mention because I talked to you
guys
literally about everything going on in
my life the first thing is obviously
we're not going to Universal today
because plans changed but that's like
light work the second thing that I want
to talk to you guys about because
literally you guys know everything about
me is from the day I made this channel I
called it more wolfy the reason I called
it more wolfy is because it's more wolfy
like there is literally gonna there was
gonna be more content that you get from
my May
channel and obviously if you're like a
fan and you've been a fan of me for a
while you know the difference between
the content I post here and the Conor I
post on my main channel there's a lot of
vlogs reactions and stuff over here and
then there's like the main channel style
of videos fast paced everything that I
really enjoy making still on my main
channel but it's really got to a point
where like we're at like 3.3 million
subscribers on this channel and I feel
like it's more than just more wolf feet
so I've been thinking about changing the
title over and over and over again and I
thought about a billion different names
that I could choose from and the one
that obviously is sticking the mostess
wolfy vlogs basically because it is my
vlogs it's like my daily life even
though I missed some days here and there
it's still like pretty much like a good
glimpse of like actually how I am in
real life and not the hyper like I'm
very hyper but like not main channel
hyper all the time so I don't know I
need you guys help
on this one because this has been
bugging me so literally comment down
below on this video
I'm promise you guys I'm going to be
reading every single one of the comments
do you like the name more wolfy like the
intro hey-oh is new to our wolfy welcome
back to more Whoopie
good morning eh yo what's good at your
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
good morning eh yo what's good at you
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
that intro or do you want it to be
changed to a yo what's good at your boy
wolfy welcome back to wolfy vlogs I know
it's like different and it's kind of
crazy cuz you haven't heard it but I
feel like this is more than just more
wolfy now like this is like we haven't
complete different like audience in my
main channel this is super personal you
guys really give me I hope I've really
with you guys thank you for coming and
smashing like button smash like button
on this one by the merch link in the
description wolfy ask Tom to copy
merge-join part of the wolf am cuz you
know we're super savage but yo comment
down below tell me what you guys think
because it's been bugging me for
literally weeks I don't know what to do
anymore
if you happen to see in the next couple
of weeks wolfy vlogs in your
subscription box just know it wasn't I
wasn't hacked or anything no one took
over my channel whatever I changed it
willingly
so don't unsubscribe ok tell all your
friends to keep subscribing so you can
just keep getting the 10 mil but let me
know in the comments hit the like button
if you really want me to do it avoid the
dislike button at all cost because we
hate that button we only like the like
button and even when I change the
channel name if I change it do not worry
the content I post is gonna be the exact
same there's literally gonna be no
switch I just feel like this has
progressed to more of like a bigger part
of my life now so I feel like it
deserves a
better name you know what I mean it's
more wolfies like will feel like you
don't put effort second channel Beauvoir
know I love my boss I love you guys
so Trash the light buy a new car just
tell me wolf ecological do it okay I
don't find su McGee so now I'm filming
him all right ahead of time yo rug rat
say what's good
one week on your head talk what do you
want I don't buy it what's up what's the
weather today and the night Moki
bro game
yo yo can we just take in for two
seconds how high beats rug is well what
do you got babe up top you got paid with
the chain saw but you bout Gucci belt
what's the chamber Oh what's the chain
oh this is made by Ben baller what are
the pants some like me to live in your
old case I'm not gonna like this on your
DIY rug do anything us now you are oh oh
well this is rug stream setup rug stream
setup page you guys can tell we're out
like this little bit of like it gets
again it's not really a party it's like
there's some important people in our
lives
important people that were like
celebrating the birth oh that's so
cringe yeah oh my god we don't use
lighters bro no we don't we don't use
lighters we don't do any of that this
guy said the view is gonna be a lot
better right he just as mrs. Kloster to
kherington suggesting a mr. mrs. Claus
would you say I said she's mrs. Claus
you're mister you're mister on this yeah
do your Mean Girls dance you're not a
girl she's not a girl all right here cue
the song Jingle Bell Rock three two one
Oh anyways guys that looked better if I
had check out the view on top that was
cringe that was good I think
that's not legal not legal all right
guys
literally this night was so unplanned
but I was like y'all bring my vlog
camera because we're going to a nice
house what you can't jump to the other
but why does the ground look like we're
sinking hmm you can legit jump to the
other roof okay don't do that though
that's like literally advice no not for
the flood so I still like wasn't in
cable jump from this roof to this but me
and me and rug are vlogging bro so like
you need to yeah and I jump put you on
the spot but we come to what that's like
technically bro you could jump from up
here to the lower level on it though no
I'm like if you're not like three two
one go no actually is not ready
craziest tricks on the go wait wait let
me get the shirt let me give the shirt
and Freddie okay that's good
oh my god oh my god oh my god Kelly
borrows bottles bottles
I need bottles this is your
he's nice he's nice he's nice he's basic
space
I just asked I just asked her I'm gonna
go alright guys I don't know what just
happened but if you need me to sum it up
basically we were celebrating should be
in Sam's birthday you guys don't know
them but you will get to know them very
soon it was literally lit we went to
their house turned up some of the phase
guys were there rug was there I love rug
to death so that was always fun runs
outfit though did you show it of love
yeah yeah blogs audio fit we're watching
my video because I'm conceited as we're
looking at pictures of Blake Blake Blake
ooh Blake Griffin me Wolfie raps calm
low carbon roads not transition though
anyways guys today has been literally
like a vlog all over the place but I
hope you guys enjoyed if you did you
already know to go down and smash I like
135 thousand likes on this vlog and yo
do not forget to comment down below if
you want Wolfie vlogs okay we're making
some changes to the channel
but it's nothing bad no change in the
content whatsoever
comment down below whatever the fuck you
want I don't have anything to read your
comment today but if you make it to the
very end of the vlog and you comment
down below I will be looking at a bunch
of the comments coming back to you guys
so make sure to do that and I will see
you guys soon on mobile where we stay a
little more Savin my main channel I was
always what am I saying and I'll see you
soon on Wolfie vlogs where we stay a
little more sours in my main channel I
need to change my nature by
