look who showed up to the house we got
safety alerts sent to like everybody's
phones oh my god good morning ay yo
what's gonna tip werewolf pee welcome
back to more wolfy it is fucking nice
outside today guys it's so goddamn
beautiful we have to leave the house do
something special today because like
look at this there was just fires and
stuff in California I hope everyone's
safe because the fires obviously
speaking of fires my songs fire Spotify
and Apple music link in the description
let's get it to number one on the charts
it's climbing the charts guys download
it anyways before we begin the vlog
smash to like when let's hit thirty five
thousand likes on this blog with your
nose because there's special stuff
coming to today's vlog last night I
actually decided to vlog a bit after I
was done my vlog from before and we
actually went hunting for the fire like
we yeah we are supposed to be running
away and be scared but no we don't do
that obviously if my songs fire and
there's fire then fire you mixed fire
with fire and it makes like some ultra
Armageddon fire so here's some footage
of us hunting for the fire last night
and a little bit of another surprise
some unexpected guests came to the house
roll the clip okay guys so it's like 9
o'clock at night right now basically we
are getting ready to go to the fires in
the next hour or two you don't know for
some strange reason in California
there's been forest fires happening
every single place or not every place
started in bel-air
the winds are crazy we got safety alerts
sent to like everybody's phones within
the general area saying like watch out
you might get hit by the fire at night
so just keep caution and start packing
this that so Gabe is getting his camera
set up because we're going into the fire
he's got the nice lens which he's aged
about he's actually looking at some new
bags because that's all this does look
at you baby camera
secure the bag alert anyways literally
like I do not obviously recommend doing
this for any of you guys watching this
video but I'm here to do it so that you
don't have to because I want to show you
guys some dope footage of the fire and
if there's like animals that we can in
perhaps a rescue
we can do that too and obviously
Instagram pics that's how we got to do
it too
so that's what we're doing tonight let's
get it look who showed up to the house
is that the Martinez twins he's broke
into the house
no no yoga come here come here for two
seconds I have something important I
gotta talk to you guys about come to my
room for like two seconds because after
my Instagram pic there's a lot of
comments from let's get it okay guys so
I had to sit the twins down this is
gonna be a serious talk because after I
posted the Instagram pic which by the
way boom here's the pic go like it on
Instagram Wolfie should like it right
yeah 300,000 likes and you see gulp shit
but anyways there was like a lot of
questions you guys were like yo are the
Martinez twins joining claw game what's
happening with claw game and there's
been like recent pictures of like who's
in coke gang so you guys just wanted me
to clear up like what's going on because
I've been in this house for like months
so I think the final answer that you
guys are wondering is finally bro are
you crazy
why are you filming what the twins what
do you mean sad just called me and I
said not to disclose any serious
information said I think the green light
is Friday what they are we okay all
right well I can't tell you guys yet but
I will tell you guys soon look forward
to it smash the like button let's get it
guys we're pulling into Wendy's real
quick before we go to the fire this is
the last supper before we actually
potentially die play your smash the like
button so we don't die and you'll peep
this there's actually articles saying
police warning people not to fly drone
users and interfere with the LA wildfire
operations guys Gabe doesn't understand
that a stretch wait wait do you
understand that article ba-bong let up
he doesn't understand it so RCP
different guys going chase your dreams
wolf girl go call the verge when I die
bury me inside a chicken nugget
look at all these chicken final meal of
my life chicken nugget look at all these
chickens Wow literally I sent out one
friggin tweet one tweet and this is only
YouTube is a kind of blog listen to me
like come on let me get this one shot I
don't want to have competition you guys
go to the fire yeah yeah that's old cut
don't I'm going to fire this is a
message to all the haters no bark at him
bro I don't know I'm trying to go to
fire your own
they are literally warning us don't let
fire safety go up in smoke
I say you want small so huh I don't know
how tonight's gonna go we are still on
the hunt for the fire we just pulled up
for the first location on the map it
said there was still a fire here as you
guys can see look around there's no fire
where is the fire we don't know and we
didn't even see it coming off the
highway so like this is just weird that
like we're hunting for the fire when
everyone is trying to get away from the
fire but literally I just want to see
what it looks like it's so interesting
guys I love nature you gotta get in
touch with nature so hopefully we can
find it before the hot I mean we're
gonna find something even if I have to
light a match on the ground and fucking
spark it up we're doing that but we have
a team meeting right now we got a car
here we got fire bacon but I swear it
said it on Twitter I swear there was
like a Twitter video someone probably
just did it for retweets or some shit
they posted like a fire pic so I was
like yellow I think there's a fire here
but we literally got click baited so
we're gonna have a team meeting one car
to cut and I'll be back when we figure
something out we had a genius idea what
can fly higher and see more than the
human eye the drone we're bringing it
out we're gonna bring the drone as high
as possible
literally I gotta get into Hawaii as
high as humanly possible under boss so
that we can just put on the drone
horizontal no no we tried that that
failed miserably Canadian hundred dollar
bills taped on American hundred all
those taped off
111 meters where the build you up drives
no it doesn't all right fire the drone
up all right well switch to the drone
footage and down comes the drone what is
it it's a restricted zone that control
it with the lid on the two boxcar so the
drone I think might be off completely
it's a no-fly zone literally it says
you're entering NF zz4 are you American
people they knew we were coming
like I knew I shouldn't just sent out
that tweet it was just too popping if
you guys want to know what to eat I'm
talking about follow me on Twitter at
will for your apps buy my merch wolfy
laughs calm but as you can see the
drones not moving not gonna come off the
down tu op so this guys wearing Gucci
like bro what do you do I'm blind for
fire there's only one thing to do with
it so the plan is updated we were like
yo we're just gonna drive in and see
where the roads start getting blocked
off because the roads are getting
blocked off that means we're approaching
the fire so I think drew is heading in
the direction there we just saw a cop go
the other way
but you can smell the fire now like five
minutes ago you could not smell it
it's fucking harsh and we just went to a
dead end very fresh
no it's like I know this is bad for you
but like I'm age that campfire smell but
you guys don't don't attempt this and
like you shouldn't be smelling this is
their police show no this guy right here
is driving the m4 I love your car buddy
he gave us directions literally we are
we were about to lose hope and the guy
said there was a mandatory evacuation
closed please go in and out the guy so
there was a mandatory evacuation from
wherever the friggin hell we are
I don't know where we are this doesn't
look like LA probably 40 minutes outside
LA but we have directions now please
don't make me Photoshop a fire onto the
mountain please yo guys look at this
we found a fire truck it means we might
be in the right direction let's go so we
pulled up with this dead-end there's a
house right here now we have to walk
down this dark frigging path let's get
it
dead end I'm stressed thank God guys
honestly we finally found some fire
literally we were looking for like two
hours for fire beep the fire over there
guys check it out oh my god you see how
decision
the fire is so strong that the car beep
oh yeah yeah yeah link in description
ok we didn't actually find fired day one
fail but because I promise you guys fire
here you go there you go guys this is
what a cloud house krabby patty looks
like shut up Gabe for actually making
food guys
neighbors a chef he's a family man he's
a photographer videographer this guy can
do it all guys if you're looking for a
husband Gabe right there he go follow on
Instagram boom
anyways Gabe cooked a DIY burger I'm
aged this is what the plates look like
in the cloud house a little bit of a
messy situation in the morning but I'm
gonna dress this burger and then I can
go get a coffee like I haven't been
drinking coffee here because there's no
coffee maker I've been wondering why
I've been so sluggish and slow it's
because there's no coffee no caffeine in
my system it's a problem so we gotta get
that figured out you know game your
burger was good but bro at the end of
the day 10 degrees is where it's at so
I've been watching a lot of Naruto and I
have some chakra I think oh my god
alright this laser pointer I've ever
seen in my life yo hit this building to
start okay hold on just point that way
where don't know where yeah that's you
burning paper test that's so damn great
bro nothing you take it off is it hot
this is the don't try this at home test
don't try this at home yeah okay I don't
want to be sued yeah yeah I'm using I'm
using my left hand it's my one tell you
it 495 in hand I don't you it probably
took ten seconds it's the hand you jack
off yeah well you know don't even fake
it where you just feel the heat you'll
feel the heat trust me it's not even hot
it's just like cuz here on YouTube we
fake a lot of things yeah facts but this
is not fake just let me know when you
feel something or maybe it was my mind
playing with me nothing I need a car
dude is inelia herbs an alien still
nothing
okay yo put it back on media by let's
see gay once again actually put it like
close where you put it for me I'm a
bitch now cuz it hurt me you don't feel
any Heat I'm just getting it again I'll
do it again
maybe it's the top your head that's what
I was it's not though because I felt
like eat nah your brain is telling you
that okay breasts I won't even look at
it don't even think about it think about
yo CVD bro I'm chillin but I promise you
I felt some heat it's not in my brain I
wasn't even filming it I don't feel
anything this time don't put it closer
to me like that's not closer to me right
I think I had it pretty far maybe where
you had it close broke this is like a
better laser this would hurt in seconds
no oh so today is gonna be the first day
that I try Thai ice cream aka ice cream
rolls aka the most satisfying ice cream
to make and like look at that you've
ever seen I've seen so many like people
make it on like Facebook compilations
just like that like how most satisfying
videos but I've never tasted it so it's
gonna be experimenting obviously in LA
they have everything that you can
possibly get anywhere any type of food
so me Gabe and t WAP are gonna go
everyone's first time yeah well I we're
losing our Thai ice cream virginity we
got to get out of the house today's been
like a slow paced day for some reason so
we're gonna go get some outside shots
let's get it
guys we just got to the place it's
called Rollie pollie
literally we're in the middle of
Chinatown we got a cool place
boba place please like we could not be
in in a more Asian place so I mean I
assume they know what to do there's mad
people watching them let's get it these
are the different flavors when your boy
is getting vanilla Oreo because I'm like
chocolate I like chocolate
fruits and stuff guys so now this is
where the satisfying compilation begins
these are what they make them on oh my
god these are what they may come on but
your let's switch to cinematics
like come on guys you're gonna tell me
this is not crack I just draw the my
fellow and I got the ice cream there's
ice cream on the mic oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god we need do you know
that's the biggest fail every guy's
sorry we got the chocolate on the top
the March oh that fell on the ground
still vanilla underneath the spoon
hammer work that's what's getting a nice
cinematography guys H worthy time time
to dig in I didn't know how to start
this bra
let's crack oh my god oh so good
yo guys if you watch your lungs you know
I always breathe so no no your crow game
is that strong ladies and gentlemen
all-in-all Rolie Polie Olie Rolie Polie
ice cream very good like eight out of
ten now we're gonna go find a party
store because I have this Instagram
photo idea you guys know I always throw
my Instagram photos and it's gonna be
bomb the Instagram pic is gonna be up in
the next day or two so if it's up make
sure to go like it but we have to go get
inflatable balloons for the idea and
there's like a party store one mile away
so that's the next stop I don't never
use it
what can you speak English I said I'll
never use that if you need the bills for
Valley Valley how much is it just 500
bands you do it for that editing's got
you like that okay buddy I lose money
anything my okay oh my god guys
literally we came to he was performing
live via beep this this is crazy this is
crazy guys
let's go Justin Justin I love you asleep
coming over my direction yeah I love
Justin guys broke a bed in two seconds
actually is it Yogesh is not worried
called where it's gonna be
I'm kidding to be the right place jo
we're gonna have Google this and be
right back
hello are you guys okay can you get me
an apple balloons this is budget oz your
to our bro what are you doing you're
doing it wrong bro we got the supplies
for the pig Piper that was the most
shady fuckin store I've ever been in in
my whole life the smallest store I've
ever been in my whole life
these were out here watching some like
Spanish TV show in the state and eating
like sausage in the same room I'm paying
for my supplies I feel violated business
tips 101 if it's not working start over
another place anyways know you sold I'm
very surprised they had what we needed
I think Justin Bieber's concert just
ended oh no it's still bangin well can
we can we go friends seat please I'll
pay I'll pay on next week brought take
you to the next concert anyways we're
out let's get it
my balloon Oh yo yo hey family now is
the time to find the outfit got a
wardrobe here closet over here pink you
know what we're gonna wear for this
Instagram pic Instagram is not a game
guys if you're trying to get your cloud
up on Instagram you need the perfect fit
perfect situations might be jumping in
this pic who knows - I was gonna help
you pick the fit I'll let you guys know
what we get are you not only an editor
but a private designer - Gucci it'sit's
the bunk bed well I did take a pic but
it's not all it's not live yet guys you
got to stock up the photos yo who's out
there oh you're cool I'm gonna kill him
you're a cool buddy come in and help me
pick my outfit oh come on he's just so
good these American gushers they cool
gushes brings a kid I found them in
Target and they're like all right let's
pick my outfit I hope it's kind of all
over the place I'm literally screwing
around so hard like I'm wearing camo
and I'm also wearing flannel I don't
think this is like I think it's a
fashion faux pas but Yolo we do what we
want and the Hat is like riding on it I
think I'm gonna need to switch the Hat
the hats too much he's got me going to
some gated community I'm stressed shout
out to all my modern house lovers
this house has meat aged okay guys so
this is where I just took the craziest
Instagram pic of my whole life off of
this ledge but you look at the view of
LA like this is absolute insanity
insanity okay we're out of here
yes you match the balloons guys I need a
raise man what the I don't pay these
guys up for this what you can sway Rob
Lee I don't know depends so we just got
back from the picture-taking honestly
you know those pictures that can either
turn out like really good or really
right now I'm gonna go back down to
Gabe's room and we're gonna figure it
out because we tried a bunch of
different things but it was kind of
cringe because I feel like we were like
on someone's property Loki
I was like giving us a little bit of
attitude but we got it done and that's
all that matters you know what I mean
guys you try hard you try you succeed
that's what you win and we're winners
wolf a more winners so smash that like
button if you're a winner and if you're
a loser smash that like button let's hit
35,000 legs on this block anyways
basically the pick that I think I'm
gonna use is like we had to like overlay
some balloons or like underlay
underlay oh you know what I'm saying
anymore overlay me over the balloons so
it's gonna be like a Photoshop job but I
think it's gonna look clean because
they're not actually there so if you
watch this vlog and you see the picture
you're gonna know exactly what I'm
talking about you're the special gang
special wolf am that actually watches
the vlogs all the time guys don't miss
it so I love you guys so damn much but
yeah it's pretty late I think I'm gonna
hit the hay because I have been so damn
tired for the last couple of days
haven't got a lot of sleep but I need my
sleep so we can hit a live like some
more you feel me
smash alike Bernard he said that comment
down below the game because I got a
picture the game on my wall and that is
how I know you guys made it to the very
very end of the vlog and I'll be
commenting back to a lot of you guys did
comment down below the game and I'll see
you guys soon all more Wolfie where we
stay a little more savage my main
channel yeah ah oh
Stacia leggo
