any covetous come here what the hell so
they do best hey what's your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy before we
begin the blog guys I need you guys to
go down to smash the like button you
already know like gang what's poppin
let's see if we can hit 35,000 likes
before the vlog even begins for
absolutely no reason I just feel like I
want likes today and my past couple
videos have been killing it well family
already knows so let's go smash that
like button also thank you so much for
continuing to cop the merch I mean the
power hoodie is literally being sold the
hell out there's only a few more so if
you haven't got one yet go cop one we'll
figure out Stockholm league in the
description shut all the wool fam that
have been buying it and posting paste
with it using the hashtag wolfy merch I
love you guys to death you guys are the
best k now on a really bad note I don't
know what I'm doing daily vlogging when
you're daily vlogging and like I don't
know if I'd call myself a daily vlogger
cuz there's some days that I take off
but when you're almost a daily vlogger
you got to have cameras you got to have
batteries you got to have everything
fully charged ready to go at all times I
had a busy day today and plans got
changed up so I had to get Gabe to edit
my vlog meeting I had to take out the SD
cards which are those little like memory
cards for a camera and give to him but I
didn't put them back into my camera and
I just dropped one and literally the
most unlucky should ever happen just now
look at this I see you not I drop the
card right around this area somehow it
bounced all the way under here all the
way into this crack guys I don't know if
you can see that but the SD card is
right there guys are you kidding me and
I could not get it out the way the wall
is built and the way the floor is put
down it's near impossible to get this
show right now
I just tried picking at it with my
sunglasses and it wasn't working now I
had to resort to these safety pins
hopefully these work but yo if I don't
get this there is so much footage on
that camera that I need like I literally
can't take an L it's not an empty memory
card there's mad footage on that memory
card so that's uh if this is a very good
alright guys surgery is coming up right
now let's see if we can get this we got
to get a big pin a nice long one
if we can get this thing out oh I'm
stressed I need this back record come
here come here baby
oh I poked it more in okay so I can drag
it a bit we might need to get two safety
pins simultaneously working guys to get
this out I'm getting two of the big
safety pins come to Daddy
I'm the Papa oh we got liftoff we got
liftoff I wonder it we gotta hold it and
be very very careful this is like
literally the dr. game operation oh the
left side is not up enough oh god no no
no I just pushed it further back in my
hands are starting to sweat oh please oh
my god guys you can't grip it my hands
are literally soaked and sweaty already
I gotta get in closer
no guys I have to put the blinds down
because this friggin reflection and the
glare is screwing me up oh no this is
literally the worst way to start off the
morning guys I'm actually stressed and
grab it hold it tight and pull come on
come on come on okay my memory cred is
alive prolly scratched up on the bottom
let's see if it still works all right
guys the moment of truth let's see if
this bad boy still works stick it in
there turn the camera on okay we're back
in business guys some people have big
big fears some people are afraid of
spiders some people are afraid of snakes
some people are afraid of heights some
people are afraid of all three and
that's me I'm afraid of all three but
some people especially people that
upload YouTube videos are afraid of
either their camera crashing mid shoot
or their memory card is getting wiped
for no reason are like an error
happening on a computer so that is one
of my worst fears but we conquered it
together we're starting the day off with
one from a bad day to a good day let's
get it guys my baby is dying over here I
don't know what the hell happened in
here I think an egg cracked in the back
foot my junk is old but I picked up some
antifreeze stuff and then some
windshield washer I'm treating my car
today I'm gonna go get in a car wash
after this because my baby is dirty
literally and when it rains in LA it
picks up dust and mud way better so you
know peep this like everywhere is muddy
I hate the look of it usually when it
doesn't rain it's it's good but I mean I
got to go fucking I gotta clean my baby
I love you daddy's not gonna do that
he shut up to Daniel for custom making
my engine this thing is actually sexy to
look at holy health guys car heads this
is where you put your windshield washer
fluid I don't know where to put the
other thing the anti freeze I don't know
where to put we're gonna have to wait
for two you have to come out and see if
he knows but he doesn't have a license
and Ryan does it so well it might be
this it might be this it might be that
but then it might be this thing that
says do not open when hot I'm assuming
it is that Candyman Wolfie
Jesus this is not good because it's not
letting me fill up the windshield washer
fluid but it says it's like full that's
so weird
no no no did I buy a broken car I might
have bought a broken car look at this
I'm having bad luck today guys like this
thing is like filled to the brim it's
gnarly going down and I can't put more
in and I barely put anything in alright
guys so I just cleaned my baby up put
the stuff in it basically I just want to
go get a car wash now and I looked up
Car Wash near me on Google and this one
has a two point tool rating obviously I
like if you're coming from my fan base
do not go and dislike this and give them
a Yelp reading because they already have
something bad enough if we go straight
through the images this is a nice image
and then the third one says this carwash
owes me $1,000 for damage to my car I
don't know why they would promote their
own carwash like that but I mean you
just lost another customer yo and just
like that my baby is vacuumed our baby
is washed my baby black speaking of
black panther I think I'm gonna go
Oh who's in that ya know make sure you
go make sure you I hit Russian bro
anywhere anywhere yo guys so we're going
to Matt Espinoza's house right now
Alissa just took me off road this is
like a do not enter zone and I just
washed my car and we're going for
wheeling or 4x4 tonight now you look
ahead right now this is not a road and
there's no like where I can turn around
so I might have to do it reverse ting
this is mud yeah oh my god
now is the dirt east ditch I've ever
seen I can't this is gonna ruin my car
actually well and we're close to the
hills men what is she doing waiting I'm
waiting yo this ditch this is mud money
I'll date you guys in a bit like her
this is mud yeah no there's like there's
people walking their dog saying turn
around
what possessed her to go this way I'm
cut let me turn on the navigation for
some reason our fellow this is bang like
this isn't a road look at the map okay
I'm going I'm going back I'm actually
panicking bro I just washed my car the
bottom
wait wait wait
NBA all-star game mats yeah those don't
prints look Annette and Banks's ordered
like $300 with the pizza someone's gonna
be eating all this but I'm on a diet so
I'm just gonna mellow
oh it's taped it's good enough for me
I'm not needing it I'm gonna die like
everyone is eating because like they
know on this one boys no days off
okay guys so as you can see Black
Panther was pretty lit we just finished
watching Black Panther honestly I'm
gonna give it like a 8.5 9 out of 10
just because I know okay you guys saw
the footage Ryan is sleeping during the
movie so nice judge as you will comment
down below three main characters other
than Black Panther in the movie without
googling it without looking it please
games in the movie if you can I can say
the girls that have the hair like me
yeah the white guy and then is the only
character I felt any sympathy with no
character building I should be a critic
I'm going to use okay anyways guys it
was a pretty good movie you gotta go see
it I'm not getting paid for this so see
it if you want don't see if you want
doesn't matter to me let me know what
you think of it but yo we just got back
from the movies
and I was getting a bunch of tweets I
was gonna have a good night I was gonna
end the vlog off I was gonna do two
vlogs like a two day vlog cuz I was like
you know what Sunday I deserve some
sleep I'm gonna take the day off I'm
gonna chill with my friends and then I
got some tweets saying Erika Costello
has made a video on you hey guys I
haven't watched a video I'm about to
watch it on camera because you guys love
this drama I'm gonna get a reaction I
want to get views off this I'm you guys
know this but yo I'm gonna predict
before I watch the video that she's
gonna mention something about me saying
that she could catch these hands and how
she's a woman and I should never be
saying any shot that but you guys know
in my video that I already explained my
thoughts on that I mean come on guys
like you have a brain you're not a sheep
like Erica so we are about to react to
this video and let's get it
Casa del Aires okay guys so I got my
laptop in front over here here I got
dead Jeep man man and crime the guy
who's actually involved in this drama
here because I'm pretty sure Erica's not
gonna be doing this talking alone just
knowing how team ten works they always
need at least six hold their hands when
they talk so it's called deer
to vlog what was the collagen bro this
guy talked about overcompensating
bro I have an average size so there's no
need for any over conversation other
than that I'm extremely average my
dishes are pretty fire though love
Vodnik comes in bro honestly I'm
appreciative you joining into the
conversation rope and I'm appreciative
you showing up to the park as well it
was it was great having you there Nick I
saw you in the background and hence I
don't know how we didn't catch you on
tape I don't know how but it thank you
Nick
anyways you know we're gonna skip ahead
in the vlog because I think it's like a
blog so we're gonna see when she
actually talks tell girl if she wanna
play what the hell so they do best
they love selling child pornography
though anyways I mean this is typical
Jerrica making out on a lamborghini
aventador he doesn't have that by the
way daddy has that yes Jake I know you
have money but you drive a her car look
anyways yo I'm gonna skip ahead if it's
anything like my vlogs I know the
clickbait is at the very end so let's go
to like eight minutes and see oh six
minutes oh five minutes it's a whole
video about this hold up here we go one
completely opposite direction of water
biggie right now let's talk about
something what say you say opposite yeah
this is gonna kill me if we go out that
but yes she did say opposite
cinematix on low
these very challenging video fight I
wonder the cringes thing I've ever seen
I think she's about to challenge me do a
favor
either way don't slow down cringing why
is she wearing gloves for what's a video
she's Jake just have them in his in his
houses I guess throw in the UFC
so the us egos and let's get a husband
wife was room with team 10 bro at least
I admit out in my video I was like y'all
I think I was a fan of Jake you know
yeah like it was it like I got this tank
from Jack Paul thing I know who he is
Erica Jake knows who I am we've talked
don't act like you don't know here's
wife you should know your friends know
so you know who I am
anyways actually me I don't have no idea
who that is
okay so what are you threatening me
wait a second let me look up what touch
these hands knees so what's an urban
dictionary or phrase needing to fight or
initiating it to basically meaning we
all fight how does Erica always manage
to get the word assault into every
situation Erica if you don't like street
slang catch these hands can mean fight
catch these hands can be like ko she
needs to shut her mouth
catch these hands can mean a number of
things but you always manage to find the
way I mean T 10 in general always finds
a way to get assault assault which is
the most serious of words into the
equation but when did I say your Alma
physically assault
Erica cuz I was like yo and the next
line in the video was like yo i'ma get
my snake to fight her snake I mean she
cut that out because a very snake
by the time to watch the rest of it
Thank You Alisha watching what she's
clowning you know she's crying in your
lap yeah all right no one wants you one
right we want Jake
we don't want chicken we wanted G we
taught you one cheeky before video when
you're clowning someone's laugh I mean
yeah I think honestly if you pay very
close attention to the video you can see
that it's not blurry but apparently if
you're a snake
the video is blurry so if you pay very
close attention you will see the real
message a music video isn't sure there
is worthy good jumping off of me ever
how hard did I work do you know very
hard look what I was going to make me
the music video I make up song and music
video a full 24 hours including the time
I spent working in the extra food
I made mine in 19 let me show you how
hard I worked on this music video
literally cross it plate just roll good
of you to say call me a stinky single
Monday behind the scenes what did you do
so on no-one's leave in a second
Oh bride baby up until this moment she's
like cuz I know Erica like I know you're
still working on music think you're
gonna make it bigger music honestly like
I I really hope you don't think that
this there's not much not much music
coming out of you right yeah I know you
were serious about it so go ahead and
call yourself on camera now be like it
was a joke it was a joke
up until yesterday it wasn't a joke but
I mean whatever your boy Jake Paul tells
you is good music is great music because
he has great taste to come oh my god no
no no jeez
this is so cringe okay oh I'm skipping
ahead in the video I'm skipping ahead in
the video to where I see my boy Jay Paul
because like honestly that's the only
reason I wanted to watch the video
that's the only way ie he's got that
cheekbone bridge on a girl to play
pretty much I called on you to do how is
Jacob laid upon tonight live in a condo
this guy's like he called the road in
both of you and I call them oh now
there's no response yet hmm
Jake Paul a gentleman we both called you
Oh Jake I said hit me up we'll go in the
park and I'll snuff you the face
impossible watch these kids that
intelligence or Talent
no no intelligence let's have a moment
you me Jake yo comment down below and
hit the like button if you guys think
Jake Paul steak talking about himself
right now right now he just called me
unintelligent and I take offense to that
because I actually was in school you
guys you know I actually finished my
degree and stuff like that I worked hard
in school got good grades you know I
feel like I've had a decently successful
YouTube career I'm like Erica jake has
had a successful career but we'll see a
little kids yeah he's still popping the
school anyways Jake okay let's just
let's be silent first thing and listen
to a Jake guys design because Jake is my
dad
and guys you always should listen to
your dad like for skill and they are
making videos to pay their
rent and they don't and mcpaul showed up
to the part that box he does it through
with a Nikolas come dear these guys
answers on this way he's not I can tell
you what now I hate this kid but the
further but he's cooling off kids but
he's the one it's cuz he needs to feel
power over you it's like a power trip
it's like these kids and y'all he like
he exaggerated the word kids these kids
like Jake I'm older than you
yeah more except my plane either way
you're getting dummy bro like we can
accept my fight and we can last one
round or two rounds of edgy because I'm
strong two-digit but your lasting one
round one round except the fight and yo
I'm trying not to like I know I'm
pausing the video bunch probably gonna
end the reaction soon because like like
Jake knows that deep down like he's just
defending Erica I get it bro I would
defend my wife that's not actually my
wife you know like I would do something
similar that if someone came out my wife
but I mean you got to do what you got to
do for your branding I appreciate I
respect it but like Jay come on bro like
man-to-man you I mean kids a kid like
you know you know what you're saying is
retarded brother with a audience
watching them and that can negative
effect and create negative energy in the
world as they attempt all right and they
are out there using a platform
negatively to bring other people down
get it's funny and it's my comedy but
like when you really bring it down like
these kids are literally just like
scratching to hang on to their careers
by making YouTube videos to pay their
rent or attention with their videos to
that deeper like that like definitely I
look at like what I see what these kids
is like legitimately the controls in a
room like your friends go up to your
house to go like this that's what I see
you know are you scratching - hold on
last month's rent was pretty hard what
the houses like that we all do you know
like it's hard to pay off the homeowners
I'm scratching to hold on to my career
mark you guys if I literally steep going
on the down these rings are gonna have
to get these are rented by the way can't
actually afford them this house is old
like no Erica GPZ rent the problem on
the Internet in general I think it's
bringing up a bigger point of like the
wrong people having big platforms I
can't say I'm not a part of thank you
okay never gonna talk about fighting
with food locations and go finish your s
it that was it
no big just said that I'm making the
internet look bad I'm not even gonna
bring Logan into this cuz Logan's not in
this fight Logan's a great guy way more
of a little gangster than a Jake parlor
that's for sure
I almost have nothing to say tell me and
the fact that you just being the biggest
hypocrite I mean you are you're a scum
of the earth in my opinion I think
you're a piece of shit you're on it you
shouldn't even be alive in my in my
opinion you're just a date guys I think
that no you guarantee you were almost a
hundred percent I know for a fact you
were definitely a mistake but on a
serious note literally guys I really
have nothing left to say about this I
mean time and time again you guys have
seen Jake prove that he's using his
platform and doing some dumb shit and
influencing kids in a negative way cuz
Jake loves that word apparently today
also just took lastly this is the last
thing I'm gonna say about this like
assault is like I mean you guys know I
would never hit a girl said it countless
times I mean I feel like that's so dumb
to even think even though I said Erica
can catch these hands that like you have
to be a Jake Potter to believe that but
aside from that Jay Paul falsely accused
my boy banks upstairs who I love to
death of assault Erica accused someone
of assault Megan accuse someone of
assault I feel like it's safe to say
that like there's like a boy girl cried
wolf types here happening because I mean
you guys know that there would be no
assault other than the assault I'm gonna
do to Jake if he accepts his fight if
you accept my fight I would 75 subsidy
McMahon I would cry wolf
Jake you really gotta give Erica bigger
payroll bro she is struggling to stay in
your background like holy hell
she has to move out of that house Erica
we'll see how long it lasts
I'm not even gonna go to Nick Crompton's
part in the video because like this he
still thinks in it give me good news the
city no no we know it's your kids Isaac
let's set one second
shut up again dick don't come into this
argument anymore otherwise I'm
challenging you to a boxing match you'll
last half of the ground behalf of around
maximum and I'm not doing any training
for the fight in fact I might go on a
vacation before the fight because that's
how relaxed I'll be NIC Compton I feel
like me and you are more in the same
weight class too so I think it'll be
because you know like I'm a taking out -
you know I feel like it's gonna be an
even fight so if you want to talk about
shutting up put your hands up England is
now your city and come fight you boy you
think it looks at video up there I don't
want to talk about this drama anymore
like literally subscribe call me shorts
gamer you probably already have
subscribed to them link in the
description
Erica you should rename your followers
sheep because you are a sheep you're not
a goat and I know the goats real so I am
the greatest of all time you need to set
the fuck down no assault gang Jake
you're old and I love you guys so much
hit the like button if you want if you
don't want to hit the like button it's
all good
