I like that obviously it's a cute it's a
cute music leaf but why you do me like
that don't cut before bass drops hey you
what speech boy Wolfie welcome back to
more Wolfie and guys today we got
something special for you today I am not
doing a vlog okay taking a day off
vlogging but I am bringing it back to my
roots so before I even begin I need you
guys to go down and smash that like
button let's hit thirty five thousand
likes if you want me to do more of these
series of reacting to your music Lee's
guys way back in the day I used to do a
bunch of series I did reacting to
cringey music Lee's I did recreating
cringy music Lee's and I kind of stopped
doing those only because YouTube was
like against me at the time and they
were kind of merging my videos and like
copy writing and she but I don't even
care anymore this is something I've been
wanting to do forever and I know a lot
of you guys have musically and if you
want me to react to your music please if
I continue the series comment down below
your musically user name and I will
react to them or react to whoever you
guys want me to react to or musically if
you comment down below because I'm doing
it for the wolf em okay I'm gonna try
and refrain from like chirping in this
video but you guys know how it is like
I'm not a music user that's what I was
told that people are called like
usernames or some I don't know if it's
true but I was like you know what's
everyone's musically at name and people
like at wilfy that's not what it is
as I alright word were like I'm too old
for this um 17 I don't know what I don't
know in younger generations about these
days so without further ado let's make
you do what do let's react to these
music please okay so the first person we
got is Liz she has a bunch of hearts
don't know what the hearts mean she has
290 fans guys getting a million fans a
hundred and eighty following pretty nice
ratio over here I don't really know
where to start but I'm just gonna go to
probably one of these dancing ones oh
I'm seeing some wine reds eight alright
let's do it this one
okay one of these Excel me when I got a
deal making the kid know the kick though
Holy Smoke Pam can we can we rely on
that kick though pimp the kick that's
pretty nice she has a very good fighting
skills good that no honestly song choice
is good
imma give it like a seven out of ten
only because the quality I don't know if
she's using an Android but the quality
is a little blurry you kind of have to
wipe off your camera but yo when you
know someone's a good music learn music
alert user when they are taking the
lyrics into account and doing the
actions okay let's go to another one
let's see if she's got it on beats
filmed on a potato one more of this no I
like that one honestly other than the
fact that look like it was filmed on a
potato I don't have really an issue with
that this one we got the light-up shoes
original sound jeez yeah okay
geez geez geez
oh okay oh that one's my favorite one
now it's like a 9 out of 10 I put that
yeah yeah all those moves classic moves
so let's shut it to you who do we got
next Angelica we got Angelica oh your
snake Angelica you are a snake you have
no fucking music please you snake you
did this on purpose
you're old you're old you're literally
not one musically couldn't even have one
like if you knew I was gonna do this
video you didn't gonna post one are you
deleted them all before the vid just and
then it says look at my answer don't
look nobody look at this girl's
Instagram your snake you're old
okay we got a good one and I know it's a
good one because it starts with an
underscore underscore b j d this doesn't
even exist what da heck
double underscore okay no we got it
Brooklyn is alive
look at that ratio only following she's
an eighth grade she's 13 shout out to
her she's a dancer bowler and um user
let's go down the page I flip this Shawn
Mendes shirt so we're probably gonna go
over there this isn't time all you gotta
do is jeez I can't I like that obviously
it's a cute it's a cute musically but
this ain't no time like I don't know if
you're trying to show a watch or if you
were trying to screw skirt like drive
that definitely wasn't Pleasant time
let's go to another one
white Iverson I already liked it when I
started balling I was yeah she was young
like the ring I never won hey are you I
like that one better that was it's the
music choice like honestly like I can't
hate on it musically if I put the song
in this playing during it so that one is
good Brooklyn and I feel like every
musically person like user sorry guys I
know I'm offending you guys I'm just a
youtuber and a blogger and Instagram guy
wolf your apps icon follow my Instagram
it's late like my recent pic boom boom I
follow back at DM okay I can like my pic
anyways
I feel like there's the same hand
movements for like every musically like
I don't really know how to do it but if
you're holding your phone it's like
okay that's that's why I don't musically
that's why I'm a vlogger guys next up yo
fave Miche holy hell
alright guys I can see the crowd that
musically is bringing you guys are just
likkle of little gals but we're gonna go
at this one this one's swaggy brah it's
Mya wake up in the morning yeah okay
holy hell
he's like I feel like I only know like
that musically people are so
stereotypically musically people no hate
but like it's just I know what songs you
guys are gonna use for every musically
let's see if I can find like a
challenger mr. says private but it's
public so this is a good one
Oh slow mode no no and the smile she
just hit me with that smile damn that
was fresh
honestly shut up too short right Junior
you already know what it is let's see if
I can find a guy musically cuz like I've
been seeing a bunch of girl music please
and I know a lot of girls use it but
obviously my dad Jacob Sartorius is like
one of the goats of musically so before
I go look at that I got it
take some water cuz I'm thirsty guys I'm
thirsty after mentioning my dad's name
okay I love him so much
power of Jacob Sartorius oh we got a
good guy Kyle underscore underscore
football this could not get any more
rockets Kyle underscore football 81 does
he exist he's not popping up all we got
is Kylie Renee Clark of course she's
popping she's popping out musically all
right Kyle you played yourself I can't
find your page next person and if you
guys aren't enjoying this video
obviously make sure to go down and hit
that like button and do not forget to
comment down below your musically name
your muse your name your music your
music your I'm a mute okay next
okay guys sorry about the change of
outfit I literally just heard a knock on
the door and I had to go down and it was
this new Gucci hoody that I ordered it
finally came in the go
SiC that is King Wolfie obviously I
gotta get anything that has a wolf on it
so I'm apt about that let's get back
into this friggin video let's find a guy
um let's see let's go let's go let's go
who we got I found a girl where are my
guys at by the way guys like come on I
know there's some guide users out there
I know there's a lot of thirst trappers
out there so what's like what's good
like where are you guys at anyways we
found someone Michelle let's see what's
poppin oh she's from Canada if you
wanted to DZ's red bottoms these is
blood shoes these okay oh this girl's
hands and she's from Canada so I got a
reader
geez geez geez a touch
holy Michelle's going off follow me I
will follow back fallow back I don't
know if she did that on purpose but it's
not spelled right Michelle you got it
you gotta fix the type point username Oh
y'all one more my mouth tastes really
good
because it stays in your mouth okay why
did I pick it sensibly up my name must
taste really good because it stays in
your mouth facts that's that's how I
feel about a lot of people honestly if
my name has been staying in people's
mouths and they just keep talking but if
they talk about you it's cuz they can
like you so that's all good keep talking
about me even if you throw shade because
Clos
give me clover girl this okay next up
alright I found a guy Jay underscore d23
- hi Jaden do not let me down bro
I'm already seeing you got two K hearts
I know you're gonna kill it we got a
thirst trap storm Z from the UK he
doesn't drink he definitely doesn't
drink there's no book ideas where you
just run like this okay yo this guy
might be my favorite low-key just cuz
I've been loved storms II love the UK
grime um is he from the UK does it say I
don't even know but he he's one of those
guys that has every single one of his
good friends in his Bible that's
hilarious I did that another one how to
sing like Rihanna good to sing
I'm stressed Oh stress that's just that
was uh that was definitely I'm not gonna
hate but that was not my sense of humor
hey where's the bass drop I hate that
why are you cutting right before the
bass job Jaden Jaden why you doing me
like that bro why you do me like that
don't cut before the bass drop this
might be the most complex username I've
ever seen in my life
twelve Lauren B dot twelve holy Sh I was
a tongue twister nothing is even popping
up I don't even I don't understand you
guys not know your musically names I saw
is it it must be me I must be doing
something wrong cuz I can't even find
half these people all right let's see
what you got Emily let's see what you
got okay kind of swaggy kind of swaggy
let's give another shot hey I feel
special I'm special
look at my neck love facts obviously you
gotta be on your cocky shadow musically
I love the cocky
there's a lot of lyrics about things
that people don't even know like what
they are like drinking alcohol and stuff
like that but I'll let it slide because
it's musically it's like you just want
to be like a boss so like that's cool I
feel special too let's see what we got
here
okay duck here I feel like we got to
music Lee's are they the same thing
Oh what the hell this is kind of lit the
more hand movements you have like I'll
give it to you like the more fire I
think it is those are just a few of the
music these guys now honestly I just
want to get like a feel for what these
music these are supposed to look like so
like I can give like better reviews on
the next one I want to see who the best
nusers are and there's only one way to
see who the best muses are and that way
is we have to go to the popular page
let's see who's popping right now on the
popular page on music please
for these are the twins alai G's outfits
on point
these girls are all right Lisa and Lina
goddamn I know these girls have cloak
because I've seen them on Instagram so
shout out to them I and twins man I
swear got twins have an advantage on the
rest of us because you can do shit like
that just make like a likkle dance
routine you're poppin shut up my boys
are mighty nice twins I love you guys
death
next up what's popping out okay hang on
yo these guys went off baby area went
okay geez
shot yo the shots like you they gave you
feeling some type of way and make up
when you're reacting just like in my
music video I was just like yo we need
gunshots we need gunshots because it
makes you feel so fucking hard so
obviously that one is lit what else is
I'm using fear right now song chat like
is there like oh okay so like when
there's one popping song it's a good way
to promote a song I should have my
fucking check the statistics on here and
do a video on it we got this one this
guy's number one
I swear to God if he doesn't do some
next just about it's like that's kind of
lit I came and hey that's kind of late
but I don't know how he's at the top of
popular page we're gonna go to a few
more popular page ones let's get it my
missus that tongue lick dog we got some
lives and of course one in target Jeff
mom I'm stressed no wait no I'll make it
musically for prints and we'll be Junior
we're doing this okay so we're gonna do
a few more of these reactions to music
these guys it's now dark as hell
I literally low-key just filmed a whole
nother video in between the last take of
this video and this take but don't worry
about it's cuz it's grind season okay
December is where we drop in to eat we
are scrolling through this stuff from
going back to the popular page I'm gonna
scroll past a couple of these cuz I
already did these okay okay okay alright
let's do this guy's guard outfit change
oh shit okay I made a music video
Oh tutting yo yo yo yo okay yo how do I
pause this this guy just did the most
fair musically honestly I gotta give him
round on foster that because Scott had
transitions outfit changes people
swapping shout-out to him okay okay okay
okay okay okay
well that's a nice camera quality that's
not even a home blows no what is that
hold up hold up hold up full of magic
looking I'll just assume that was snow
but that was dope too like I don't know
I'm not a musically guy guys like I'm
trying to be a musically guy but I just
don't think I will ever be a musically
guy unless this video hits 50,000 likes
in which case I'll make it musically and
I'll make the most cringing music please
for you guys every single day if you
want to see them like based off what I
see like I need to like talk to a camera
more than like 10 seconds you know like
I want to talk I want to connect with
you guys I don't just want to lip-sync
you know snow is supposed to blow I know
snow blue
oh that dog just went up tell me how
music can make everything look epic it's
like this dog literally just hopped on
the coast shoulder but you add like some
crazy like entrap remix of like bow dak
yellow and this is what it's like okay
like the dog is jumped on your shoulder
at the end of the day guys are literally
I'm dying didn't understand over it then
they said but that was kind of cool
alright literally one more musically if
we do a part two I'm gonna react to a
shitload of you guys musically so make
sure again I'm gonna keep telling you to
comment them down below if you don't
want to react to them because and make
sure you spell your friggin name right
so I can actually find you cuz a lot of
you guys miss about them I'm giving you
guys shoutouts yeah I should watch
shoutouts what are you doing anyways
let's go to leaderboard the queen is
number one so she must be pretty heat at
music piece got a lot of followers let's
see what we got
okay so this app is literally just for
thirst-trapping-- Ola hi
this girl loves to just go in slow-mo
okay we got this sitting down shot with
the heart Hey the hot sex in kmk then
all right I think that's we're gonna end
off guys to be honest I can only handle
so many music leaves in one day and I
think I hit my limit guys I can only
handle so many people thirst-trapping--
in one day and I think I hit that limit
x 3 x 2 i might limit that is gonna do
it for today's video guys I can't do it
I literally can't do it live singing I
swear that's like 600 apps just for lips
singing to the camera but musically I
guess is the most important one
obviously I don't know about it at all
but musically wolfy is coming out soon
so stay tuned for recreating cringy
music because that shit's fun as hell to
do and uh I don't know you guys deserve
some cringe because it hasn't been a lot
of credit I mean there's some cringe in
this video anyways smash like but let's
hit thirty five thousand likes on this
video if you enjoyed it comment down
below your music
username username you musically use your
name your name I don't know for
absolutely no reason go spam my last
couple Instagram pics boom boom boom
boom boom they're all right there
Instagram whoopee right there follow you
on twitter at Wolfie raps and be super
active because I'll follow you and DM
you back and I'll see you guys soon or
more Wolfie where we stay actually with
them this Gucci sweaters nicely you guys
know it's even nicer Wolfie raps calm
though Wolfie raps apparel of selling
like a nun church link in the
description to that anyways I'll see you
guys soon on more Wolfie where we stay a
little bit more savage on my main
channel and as always stay safe let go
