we got the multicolored lights do you
have like any idea opposite good morning
a yo what's get it away well if you
welcome back to more wolfy I hope you
guys are having a fuckin amazing day
it is a friggin beautiful day outside
today in LA I gotta go get the car
because I started off the morning where
oh my god it's dark under here guys
Prince is that dog training right now so
I just thought by cilia's Airbnb that we
got like specifically for prints where
all his stuff is to go train prints in
the morning but like it was kind of
cringe II because the dog trainer the
whole time like I must have heard this
girl and I know she probably knows what
she's doing but I must have heard us
take it boy like 300 times and honestly
after 300 first time hearing her say
that I was like hey I love this and I
know my dog has to get trained but like
we've been doing the same exercise for
3,000 times so I can't do it anymore so
I'm headed back to the house to go start
my day if you guys for some strange
reason have not already smash the like
button go down and smash that like
button let's hit thirty five thousand
likes on this vlog go smash I like bun
five seconds with your nose boom five
four three two booms smash the like
button just clean my Easy's - so you
sneakerheads if you don't remember what
happened here's what happened
yesterday's vlog there's where the hike
starts this is the aftermath of the hike
oh my god it was a rough day okay we
went hiking I see Easy's up but they are
in good condition now I'm by myself and
I've been letting Gabe drive the car but
your boys been in LA long enough that
I've friggin memorized the streets so I
should feel comfortable I just don't
like driving in new places just cuz I
don't know how people react I'm an
aggressive driver kind of like where I'm
from but here everything is completely
different so I just been learning the
rules of the road and this kind of
stresses me out because it's not push to
start but start it up here we go just
ate breakfast had tender greens so I'm
feeling kind of nice this morning all
that is left for me to have is a
smoothie I'm trying to eat healthier of
out here and get some working out done
obviously I'm trying to get really great
back into really good shape because
everybody out here is in really good
shape partially because the weather is
always nice and then partially because
there's just so much like option for
food so I'm trying to do hikes I'm
trying to do just physical activity and
then obviously hit the gym as well
because you know we get these weights
boy got the supreme shirt on let's get
back to the house coca-cola
sorry ain't no I'm on a diet yeah every
time they do this like every single time
it's like we're not trying to eat
unhealthy good when you're surrounded by
people that just eat unhealthy King it's
like we went on a hike yesterday but we
went on a hike no yeah yeah doctor no
you're gonna need a doctor all right
nice scooter but I'm extra H today
because the flavor of the smoothie that
I picked up was PB and hm8 okay yo you
have it okay okay what is it a popper
yeah you're really feel like you just
throw it really hard at the ground and
it explodes you just drop it
I don't know I'm about to find out I
guess all right experimenting I'm just
gonna like them all no no I keep tossing
one and then see if it works and then
toss them all right here oh hey pop
oh it's Adelaide pop let's see if this
pops throw multiple oh I mean okay three
two one here oh oh
sheikh al we gotta get the today on the
schedule we're gonna pick up some pool
noodles because i'm trying to do this
challenge out of pool I don't even know
if the clubhouse school is gonna work
because look at the pool this is what
the pool looks like it's like nice and
long but I want a nice circular pool
it's very specific of what I'm trying to
do and you guys will probably find out
in the next week or week and a half
because I saw this one video on YouTube
they did some cool for the pool valves
pool noodles involves drills involves
ropes involve stuff like that so that's
what we're gonna be doing so the first
stop of today after getting my PB and H
is target first place we stopped at as
target guys let's see how many pool
noodles they have I saw
from the other Island it's not looking
too hot but here we are if this is
what's at every target we're gonna have
to go to like minimum 35 targets so next
target
all right guys when it comes to drills
the only options we have is this Black &
Decker stuff I'm not gonna get the
gloves but I should probably get these
safety goggles but you know Wolfie
doesn't really give it to both that so
I'm not gonna get that anyways now this
one this one this one I'm probably gonna
pick out this one only because it
includes these drills pieces sets which
we're gonna need to like drill through
these cool noodles so this is all we're
gonna get from Target we're probably
gonna have to go to like two or three
more to get a more pool noodles and then
B we have to get rope and I can try to
rope here so here that's cut we need to
fill this in Cara this is not even close
to enough about whatever quick trip and
dollar tree nothing the only reason that
I am going to these stores is because I
have no patience guys and I really like
once I think of a video idea if I don't
get the supplies her right away
I don't have as much motivation to film
it like ASAP and I'm just like yeah I'll
just film it next week on filming next
week but I'm kind of stressed because I
need to go home and upload my vlog for
the date today right now and it's a
Sunday so everything closes early but
what I'm thinking of doing is just
telling myself in my mind that I'm gonna
film the video next week and then or
during the pool noodles and stuff off
Amazon cuz they're actually decently
cheap they're more expensive than I
thought though like even when you buy
them in bulk they still run for a lot of
money so probably gonna just go home and
buy them off Amazon hopefully there's
enough space in the cloud house because
that's how many completely was I'm
buying I'm gonna fill the whole cloud
house with pool noodles the only thing
left to do now is look at different
Airbnb is to see which one we can figure
out gotta find it in la Los Angeles
somewhere around here not trying to
spend too much but the thing is when you
go to these pools it can't be like a
public pool like this cuz this is not
gonna work I'm gonna need the pool solo
dolo like literally by myself maybe a
few people to help me otherwise it'll
take forever with me the entire day
nobody can come in mess it up because we
need to be concentrated and focused on
this this is not no easy video but I
like to do hard challenging videos and
the idea is so cool and the thumbnail is
gonna look like Bom so I got to do it
but I gotta find the right pool and I'm
not trying to spend an arm and a leg in
every pool in LA is something you share
with other people it's just me out
Bucklin a target
target they're a lot on don't get
stressed y'all letting go I've never
driven a wait wait you know I'm taking
the boys the target guys just thought of
the coolest good idea I've done a bunch
of these on my channel in the past do
not microwave whatever basically it's
Christmas season I just remembered
there's some cool fucking trick that you
can do with any Christmas lights
honestly don't try it at home because
you might shatter them but do not
microwave Christmas lights so we gotta
go to Target real quick I gotta give
Sylvia her charger because she forgot it
and she's a responsible everyone comment
down silly or irresponsible in the
comments down below
but you'll peep this this is gonna be
crazy okay so we're back at Target this
is the second time I've been here today
but I know exactly what I need I know
exactly where days is like three things
second floor we're going up as steady
first things first guys we got the
multicolored lights as they say in a
French okay just the colored lights got
the colored by its BAM Minsk Lauren okay
we're not nobody that watches a nice
French Brown stop trying to convert the
viewers bro we're not friends second
thing this is a game recommended this
last second some flat dough that's how
they say it in Spanish English is
play-doh so we're gonna grab green maybe
orange overalls cuz I'm some French
novelist oh no all wrong which is
actually common misconception orange is
orange
guys we have to do this for this is only
for science and we have to use the ones
the tea-table uses magnums free we gonna
do con those guys you gotta try them out
here we go bare skin okay there we go
the last thing we're carving at the
store is like the classic thing that
everyone knows you should not microwave
you should microwave this cuz this one's
actually cool try this on home guys
Irish Spring soap more specifically I'm
kind of stressed that I have to buy like
a 20 pack but that just means that like
everyone's gonna have soap for like a
whole year in the clubhouse so too
has anymore and you'll do you have like
any ideal opposite of you guys I've seen
anything a few obscene youtuber he knows
but Gabe you're about to have your mind
blown here okay so we're back at the
house now first things first is the
Irish Spring soap this is gonna blow
your mind if you haven't seen it I'm
sure a lot of you guys have seen it cuz
I even done it back in the day but I
just want to warm you up to the
Christmas light that's gonna be the
grand finale but don't skip ahead okay I
see you going by that bar don't skip
ahead you need to see everything boom so
typical so by the way this is not like a
hack or anything I'm gonna put it in
there no time limit let's save three
minutes pay very close attention to the
soap because if you don't pay attention
you could miss what is about to happen
to it and it could happen at any moment
I don't really know like the time but
any second now let's go oh it started
can you see it it's changed from green
it is now white and the soap is starting
to expand it's turning into like fuckin
Santa's beard right here guys and this
thing gets massive the longer you leave
it in the bigger gets science experiment
why I don't know but it can happens and
the whole kitchen smells like soap now
so this is what happens look at this
look at this and it's like so hot okay
now the whole that's the first thing
happens and you can make it literally if
you leave it in for like a minute the
whole can microwave the cup is covered
let's take that out cuz I'm not trying
to have the microwave smelling like so
this is like some fluff you can push it
in this is where the soap is regular
still it's hard with all this stuff you
can squeeze so that's pretty thick now I
have 25 so far that don't next thing is
chip banks now you don't wanna have the
chips in here because I don't know what
happens with them I'll put them right
here because I want to see them today
off all the chips are gonna come out
this is one of the ones that definitely
scares me so you don't want to leave it
in for too long make sure if you try
this which I don't suggest you try at
home okay don't try it at home you have
your hand on the stop button or on this
so that any moment you can open it um
this is aluminum T what was right let's
close this one happens in like 25
seconds so you know you know what
actually obviously
what makes popcorn right here okay pay
close attention to this row three two
one start so bad that is don't breed
that in but you know this was once a
full-size Frito Lays bag we'll leave it
or not guys like best that was genuinely
a good experience to off the bed so now
we got the two of the way that we know
is gonna happen to them we're gonna bang
all the things that we don't know
aka a condom always use protection guys
if you are having sexual relations
sexual intercourse the sort of condom
looks like not gonna teach you how to
put it on because I got age restricted
last time I taught everyone in the house
I'm sorry amount economy cars are not
see you cannot trust condoms okay this
is not a magic there's too much free
shit inside then it gets that one this
experiment you have a kid so you add too
much heat and like honestly with meat
there's too much heat you're gonna have
babies condoms are not safe
actually kind of a low-key safe come
next what and Plan B condos Plan B and a
shot your arm and tie the tubes just
don't have sex sex is bad the best
prediction is abstinent
you can actually eat weird okay guys as
you can see the egg is fully exploded
somehow next up is Moki Cooter's
goldfish literally I just got this for
the where the sole reason is that
they're multicolored just like the
multicolored lights are gonna try they
don't look anywhere like they do in the
package so goldfish I'm gonna call ya'll
for that you can sponsor me to change
that
look at these 90 percenter yellow got
you green and a few red to purple
because they're biased here we go I
don't think anything's gonna happen
so we'll give these 30 seconds if
nothing happens then there Oh what did
you say
that's the truth he needs to make a
video where he gets the best microwave
and puts a smaller microwave inside of
it how to let your house on fire two
easy steps
that's a nickname how to basically do
that I do not like to leave the
microwave my impossible - and I'll try
that out and if my house burns down I
will need two hundred thousand likes to
build a version I make it a little fun
me and now the whole house smells like
roasted goldfish next is both Plato's at
once
I honestly think these are just gonna
melt to the bowl a plate and that's
gonna make the plate unusable because
I'm pretty sure this is toxic
actually no non-toxic let's get all that
orange out actually let's not get the
whole thing let's just get two of those
throw the plate um smells an addicting I
actually deserve this is bringing me
back to my childhood memories of
play-doh I used to eat glue as a kid
Loki guys do not eat food and do not eat
erasers there we go
green versus orange which one will win
if it starts bubbling up or taking over
oh yeah look at that play-doh nice and
warm in there yo there's something
happening it was wrong
so what you want to do is have your face
really close to the microwave don't put
your face yo yo what's what's going on
in there okay five more seconds in that
I'm going to take this joke five four
three two one
plato is fake what is going on bro tell
me how that did nothing it just feels
like warm play-doh like when you put
it's like when you put play-doh in your
hand for a long time and it gets really
warm yeah do not touch that nothing
happens to Plato sadly except the bottom
is kind of more hard and it's burning
so that's anyways last thing
final thing I have never done this so
there's gonna be a shocker to everyone
smash the like button for me in this one
this is Christmas lights
I picked the other Chris you guys saw me
pick all the Christmas lights we got a
whole bunch of colors I'm sure to do
this cuz it has it out lit in it but
just do not try this I'm a trained
professional I got a song in show you
like do we throw it in with that you
know I'll be right back I want to
YouTube it make sure it's safe I moved
the microwave into the middle of the
island because if stuff starts to
explode I don't want to break the glass
I would rather have it do damage in the
table so that's our safety precautions
we have a fire hydrant around the corner
in the house it's a work
and we have two little red things so
those things you put on fire I the big
one not here detectors and we are those
things yeah what are those red things
called do you love spring up it is what
those big red things is spraying why can
I not think of the word right now blue
no bro you spray on fire with one of
those things you spray on fire with the
red things
fire extinguisher yeah well I say fire
hydrants anyways I'm sure tonight let's
get it okay no make sure to get a
close-up on this this girl we might have
to stop this at any second replay
the lights turn on
I think we've read them out it's a
one-time thing I got you guys yeah yeah
yeah yeah and add epic techno music for
there and just like that the order has
been placed for the pool noodles guys we
did an order off of Dollar Tree was
actually cheaper than Amazon just spent
like three hundred and fifty dollars on
pool noodles so I hope that is enough
you guys know I always over by for these
videos but we popped them they're in the
bag I think there should be in within
the next week if not week and a half so
expect the video a week after that week
and a half so probably two weeks it's
probably gonna be one of the hardest
like I said earlier in the vlog craziest
videos ever but I gotta do it and one
other thing I had to mention I've been
getting bear comments about this react
to litmus by Jake Paul react to his
whole EP so if you guys want to see me
do that I will do that if we hit thirty
five thousand likes on this vlog if not
I might still do it might be content so
we'll see but seriously guys if you
haven't / - like button go down hit that
like button
let's hit 35,000 comment down below let
miss shut up Jake Paul and I will be
commenting back to a bunch of you who do
that because it shows me you made it to
the very end of the vlog my eggs are
gonna pick up the day that you guys
should go spam is this one boom go smash
the like button on that pig let's get it
to 300,000 likes and I will see you guys
soon oh okay where we stay a little more
sad on my main channel and as always
face I would Lego
