know that there is something in the
works as of right now next coming soon
good morning angel extension werewolf
welcome back to more Wolfie guys we're
starting the day off I'm dressing flies
today you know I've been feeling myself
this morning me a gamer in the car smash
the like button if you guys are excited
for today's vlog because today I don't
know how many of you guys guessed it in
yesterday's vlog but we are going to the
phase house if you do not know the phase
house is like an hour away from the
cloud house I have not been there since
like honestly two trips ago when I went
to LA so I'm super excited to go there
maybe we'll play some games maybe we'll
troll there and also special guest milk
is at the phase house and I feel of milk
you guys know they're hilarious
pranksters on YouTube shut up Jesse shut
up Kyle these guys like two of the most
real guys I've met so they're there I
don't know what the plan is for today
but I just know it's gonna be a crazy
vlog cut my drone in the back Gabe's
gonna be doing some camera work probably
today so probably gonna be some fucking
nice quality but without further ado
let's get the day started
I'm gonna tell you guys actually before
we get the day started I've been trying
to take a piss for like the past like
half an hour subway in Starbucks didn't
have it so let's see if I can last until
Newport without taking a piss but I'll
update you guys guys there's only one
song to listen to on the way I new for
that shut up pretty much the greatest
boy band of all time
link in the description go click on it
and actually guys they actually just
dropped a new song featuring French
Montana so what I want you guys to do
surprise me I need you guys this fucking
support beat but support pretty much so
pretty much that's funny I didn't mean
to do that go to the link in the
description click on the first link it's
gonna be the song no more and just like
their video tell them Wolfie sent you
show them to the wolf families out here
because first time meeting faze berry
guys look at this kingdom this guy has a
better house than me bro this guy's a
better house than the cloud house the
phase house and everything put together
literally we come in here this guy's
post it up on a chair berry baby yeah
why do King in the corner that's gross
yeah this color is so toxic I don't even
like cats anymore you guys know I'm team
dog oh oh watch out he's gonna try and
escape the cutest cat I've ever seen sit
sit good boy this view is dumb
this view is dumb but the drone will
show you the view better guys peep this
cinematic shot let's get it
and there you go that's enough of the
drone footage guys crazy I'm telling you
it can crazy out here so beautiful
there's snow in Canada that's all I'm
saying
all I'm saying guys shut up Gabe for the
nice cinematic shots you'll do the
craziest trick you can for my vlog no
way shoutout notes not only do they do
pranks they skateboard to reverse heal
tre flip not mad over cow you know 9:05
what do you have to say to the wolf am
ah they say for the worst cow buds
Rona's sends and uh Saturday's are for
the boys you guys heard him 9:05 shooter
in the cut I love him to death
give me hug for the vlog guys I love
finding love 905 almost as much as I
love 904 man my head nigga wrap this
about him then I'm Joe anybody wants
heat on YouTube you guys know who you
are talk but will if you get consumed up
in the head Roman 5 pay for a face
tattoo will you get it full Sam
no no no thank you can get whatever you
want like if I pay for it today tomorrow
so I was like on a piece yeah I was
gonna get a word right here oh how much
would that cost I was like 80 let's go
get it
actually guys we're gonna delay the face
Pat until later on in the vlog right now
because Roman has to go shoot basically
we were supposed to come here like a
couple days ago and then we flopped and
then today we didn't know there was a
bunch of stuff going down so big boss is
here I don't know if you can see this
back there and he's about to shoot
something with Roman and adapt they're
doing some bank robbery prank assumption
so they're gonna be like gone for half
the day so like literally like half the
house is gone for half the day so we
have to figure out some shit to do
during the day
apparently there's this place called
South Coast or some so I think we're
gonna go hit that up with milk and then
if Roman actually gets this on his face
he's the biggest mod Brown I've ever met
in my life from going to get a face
tattoo go into the beach like what you
know tell me how 9:05 shooter and nelq
just brought me to the beach I'm wearing
jeans I'm wearing shoes don't have a
bathing suit on me yeah we're not
dressed for the beach
not yet but you're just the cameraman
these look like they've been at the
beach for life but uh it's gonna be a
full century that's what the forecast is
calling right now it's only a temporary
quarter send by 5:00 p.m. it's gonna be
a full send let's go see if we can get
some troll shots at the beach this is so
this is what we're doing boys and girls
Holi so we're out here looking for vlog
ideas and I told the note guys I was
like yo
what if oh my god those birds are huge I
was like you know what if you guys just
throw fries near people because I
remember Ryan hates pigeons like he
hates bitches this is his worst
nightmare guys literally worst nightmare
he hates them oh my god oh my god this
time sorry so what we're thinking about
doing is throwing fries like near people
so that pigeons and seagulls go right by
them especially if they're sleeping oh
they're probably gonna shoot my head in
like two seconds but you know then the
person will wake up with this beside
them he's locked in from Narnia
oh this guy's huge alright guys so I
think they found the first target 905
shooter we got Kyle Jessi I honestly
think they're gonna do this guy sleeping
over here but I'm not sure they might do
these people oh they're going in for the
kill guys they're going in for the kill
Oh oh my god oh my god oh my god
here come the birds the whole bird
Kingdom just go Jojo
Gabriel needs some money I'm gonna give
him 20 bucks to put the bagel in his
mouth and go up to one of these big
seagulls over here and then let them eat
it out of his mouth so he'll know I'll
give you the money first row Gabrielle
yeah yo yo yo yo yo come on come on come
on come to Daddy yeah yeah give him a
little oh this is the big boy I'm
talking about bro okay so they're here
yo yo yo oh my god oh my god no they're
too scared bro go down low down low
hello oh no one
Oh oh my god oh my god my boss 20 bucks
go whoa get it save I've never cringed
so much on the beach guys but this is
ridiculous
we're still looking for more people to
quit and the problem is I'm not supposed
to be in my human races on the beach
it's really stressing me the fuck out
didn't think we're gonna be here but you
know Jessi and Kyle are savages and they
are not stopping they won't stop walking
until they get the perfect shot which is
good but right now for the situation I'm
in in pants didn't expect to go to the
beach it's bad but I cannot wait to see
what they come up with because the first
shot was bang so if we can get like even
close to this first shot for the second
shot it's a banger it's a banger then
the beach could not get any more
beautiful like holy second target
acquired they're going in oh fuck
they're going in they're going in I
think it's a couple that is spooning
this is cringe guys these guys are
savage
these guys are looking at the view that
doesn't exist
so I don't know if I've logged this last
time I came to go visit the face house
but there's this place right beside the
phase house kind of close to it it's
called pavilions I think it's just like
a grocery store but in the grocery store
they have this like stir-fry bowl and
last time I came here with Ryan it was
like on the fourth of July we got it and
I just remember it was so good maybe it
was because it was like a good batch of
some but I was craving it to the point
where I brought Gabe back to it and I'm
gonna try it again
I'll show you guys it in a sec I don't
know if I blogged it so I pick up
flowers for bait I don't know we'll see
this is what I was talking about guys
DIY walk I got some sushi too cuz the
guys told me to the sample just so good
wolf AM bad news bad news bad news bad
news
remember I said Roman was gonna get a
face that earlier I kind of lied but I
kind of didn't because like I know Roman
is the crazy person that like will get
it obviously he already has faced that
and he has a bunch of other tats but the
thing is we ran out of time and he's
upstairs I swear this guy's like writing
music right now so I'm not trying to bug
him obviously just to get a frigging
fucking cat on his face so right now
we're headed back to LA it's really dark
in the car it literally got dark within
like an hour we just finished eating and
we're gonna stop at this mall called
self Coast mall or something it's liked
in Newport it's like one of the better
malls that has crazy Yelp reviews so
we're gonna go check it out real quick
before we come back to LA and then I
think it's a full Senate LA the milk
boys are coming there I'm gonna bring
you guys along for the ride because I
share everything I share every part of
my life and like if it's a full sin that
it's a full send reverse cow now I know
fives coming in hot but I really
apologize guys smash the like button if
you want to see Roman got a face that
maybe I can convince him to get wolf BAM
or some condom really I think I can do
that because Romans kentuc so hit the
like button if we get it like 30,000
likes I think that should be enough
motivation to get this guy to get it out
into space so I'll show him the vlog for
sure go down hit that like button if you
haven't already and on that now go
copter
you'll feel a spiritual fiasco link in
description short a small trip of my
life guys honestly South Coast Plaza or
whatever it's called a cool mall there
was a lot of people there Christmas tree
was dope everything was dope but
honestly everything that they had there
is like typical mall stuff there was no
like exclusive anything special so we
are now headed back out to LA we got
like a long car ride ahead of us traffic
sucks but it's getting I don't know how
is convinced into this day 2 of the vlog
we are now hiking this is idea me auntie
you up or not hikers you looking forward
to this we haven't even made it to the
trail but just the hill leading up to
the Heike Sylvia's off to just the trail
leading up until the hiking zone is
freaking old so personally we're gonna
see how long I last guys
I'm out of breath now I'm not out of
breath but this is gonna be fucking rad
this is where the hike starts we've seen
10 gives with 9 packs this girls up here
exhausted holy it's gonna be a long day
guys but this is for the better
I gotta transform back into the old
wolfy too lazy to hold on the tripod
look what this thing says it says please
stay on the path
do not go off the trail and then it
shows steps and I feel like people have
died off this bad but look at the view
though the view is pretty nice all these
locks all these locks and you still
can't find the key to my heart like this
hikes not hard enough I hate them
burpees just mad people are covering
their name in these cactus are cacti I
think that's the plural all I gotta say
is k-pop fans are etched that's funny
I'm not positive yet but I think we
might have hit the peak of the mountain
and I think it might be downward from
here I will give you guys some advice if
you're trying to go on hikes aid don't
go on hikes be if you do go on hikes
it's the first like 20 minutes is the
hardest part just like running but after
what the fuck what is not so we go oh my
god Kato who ever owns this house needs
to chill on top of the mountain but be
if you go on hikes the first part is the
hardest but motivational wolfy you'll
get through it I'm pushing with you guys
is this the highest there is higher
technically but okay we're going down
best thing to get after a hiker what and
you know for all my sneaker heads this
is a terrible angle but he'll you're
gonna cringe in two seconds looking at
my feet this is the aftermath of the
hike oh my god q opps aged these oh my
god I think t WAP has this one they said
guys don't let to you awfully his his
fake exposed so the twins came with me
to the store shout out to them for
driving
we bought some stuff I told you guys I
was going to the store to buy the Louie
Vuitton Katrina yes you don't get $5,000
okay so open the bag go ahead here just
move this snake bag out of the way it's
kind of this game stress this game right
dad I didn't get it I didn't get it I
didn't get it what don't yell at me I
can get it those are cheap though
they're like a hundred bucks each
it's like cheap bro but here's your 20
supreme stickers twenty supreme stickers
because I'm decking my laptop anyways I
just went to the store got back but DTO
she'll hold those up few up so they
could smell we're cops one got the first
one a nice bear fetch a thick supreme in
just long sleeve t I'm an anti-social
social club hoodie which is can we and I
exposed how opera having a fake you up
how much are all these $25 each 100 well
anyways bro tell me how at the store
they have like all the stickers and that
goes together five bucks each I'm like
kid give me like that one now now and
now and now and she's like they're 500
bucks for all these things is like what
the fuck she's like yeah these ones are
60 each I'm like hey and put them back
cuz I'm not spending imagine if I spent
500 on stickers
that video is fake because alright wolf
family finally did it we I'm so proud of
you guys because honestly on my music
video I never expected it to like do
these numbers and like no Shay that at
chunks or anyone but like my music video
is like way better than yours bro 6.5
million views in like one week insane
and it's not only just the views but
like look at the like ratio on this
video guys if you look at that there's
like over 400,000 likes four hundred
thirty thousand about to be obviously
some dislikes but everybody is gonna
have some haters I feel like there's
been a few videos just hating on me just
to hate on me and I understand it's it's
cool and all but like none of you guys
have 6.5 million views on a music video
so at the end of the day we're killing
it and now I really have to get started
race just got back I think last night
and so that means I gotta get started
working on like a second track or
something because I said hundred K legs
I'll go get rice you can check the
statistics I'm not a liar wolf he's not
a liar I may prolong the truth but this
is gonna be poppin so just know expect a
music video or a song or something in
the near future because there was so
much support on this video that I have
to do something else now I think finally
the Apple music and Spotify link should
be both working the Apple music one was
working from time but like Spotify one
for some reason was I kind of so now if
you guys have Spotify link in the
description Apple music link in the
description pop it up in the screen
right here do what you got to do
download it let's get it to number one
it is climbing the charts surprisingly
well fans fuckin strong but yeah I just
wanted to remind you guys I'm so fuckin
grateful for you guys because I never
thought this would happen I literally I
said y'all forgets 500k in a day I'll be
happy cuz like I don't know what the
wolf M's gonna do react to any music
that I drop because I haven't really
dropped like music in like years and you
guys did 2.5 million views in a day and
it's been growing since because YouTube
loves music so I'm gonna keep dropping
music on your head top know that there
is something in the works as of right
now next dis track coming soon and now
I'm gonna go fill my laptop up with
supreme stickers wait you guys didn't
think I was serious I'm actually decking
it out let's do it
and voila guys I have officially
finished my macbook i now have the most
hypebeast macbook in the world I don't
know why I wasted money on this this is
retarded but I literally wanted to
friggin pimp out my macbook for time and
I didn't want to put a case on it
because cases take forever to come off
so I'm just like putting I'm giving you
guys like a bit of context this is not
random I've been wanting to get stickers
on it and I didn't know what I don't
want to get like the regular sticker
that you could buy and I didn't want to
just put one supreme sticker on it
because you guys know the biggest high
base on YouTube and I wanted to deck it
out with something that no one's done
before so you guys know my wallet is the
supreme Louie Vuitton collab couldn't
spend a billion dollars on those so all
I had to do was pimp it out myself with
supreme I actually think it looks dope
this Apple print just took me awhile to
carve out super complex to do that but I
got it done still a little sloppy but as
time goes on it'll fade but I mean this
is pretty dope you're like what the heck
supreme hate beast alert anyways guys
just finished that ordered some food
probably just gonna watch a movie and
hit the hay because tomorrow is going to
be another banger alert because
something's happening that you guys are
not expecting okay you're definitely not
expecting what's poppin in tomorrow's
vlog but that is the hint that's all I'm
giving you guys to look forward to so
you come back smash the like button if
you liked this vlog if you the cinematix
because there was a lot of different
cinematics in this one we had the drone
so he went off
let's hit 35 thousand likes on this vlog
comment down below I'm ready for
tomorrow just so I know you made it this
far in today's vlog the very end you're
late gang and gang
whoa fam my loyal loyal wolf em and I'll
be sure you guys love in the comments if
you do that
and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
salaries in my main channel and as
always stay savage Lego
