feels freaking good to be back I am
going to react to another this track on
Jake Paul
good morning 8 yo Whitsett we're wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy guys I can't
do it anymore I cannot do it anymore
this is ridiculous this is fake snow
okay it's a white Christmas tree it's
supposed to be green but they made it
white to like replicate snow okay look
at what we're dealing with though this
is outside this is my hot tub this is
snow this is oh I love Ottawa I love
everyone in Ottawa but I have to escape
the cold so tomorrow I'm taking a flight
I'm going back to LA I also miss every
friggin one of my friends here so cases
please love me when I get back there
smash the like button though because you
know it's been a few days after the diss
track but I've been bumping it and just
show show your love on this video by
smashing like button let's hit thirty
five thousand likes on this video for no
reason other than if you want more music
from me you'll hit that like button
right now I'm filming a main Channel
video right now with Dustin because I
got a stock up on content before I leave
but I have to go get an Instagram pic
today that is like my main thing I'm not
really active on Instagram I need to be
more active you guys need to inspire me
by liking my pics and common things
would be like wolfy be more active at
wolfy on Instagram so let's go let's
leave the house guys out back of the
boy's house is the way vyas setting for
the pink that I just needed for
Instagram you guys aren't gonna believe
it I just took the wavy as pic ever of
life guys so what I need you guys to do
right now I need a lot of my wolf AM to
go crazy on it spam it with likes here's
the pic right here my Instagram right
underneath the pic wolfy you already
know what it is link in the description
go down click it spam lakes on the pic I
want to hit minimum 200,000 likes on the
pictures you know I'm the 200,000 like
God and comment if you're coming from
YouTube I will be DMing a lot of people
who comment on the pic this emoji okay
the statistics emoji the graph because
everyone needs to check the statistics
on your boy wolfy I'm extremely happy on
how well the rap has done literally I
think it's gonna hit like 2.4 million
views in a day which is like honestly
insane for me so shout out to all the
people that supported it shout out to
all the people that did reactions to it
shout out to everyone even if you hate
it on it I know you like it low-key deep
down inside your heart so shout out to
you guys too but yeah go like the pic
it's fire now you gotta figure out what
to do I'm
Wow Susan thanks monumental moment guys
Wolfie is right here
Ryan's I hear prince is sleeping on Ryan
Oh
oh my god
Prince no he's like oh Sh that's right
pretty you thought that was me you're
cutie good boy come to Daddy guys not so
monumental woman he thought Ryan was me
you racist but Wolfie will always love
Ryan those good boy yes both dogs good
boys i'ma miss you Wolfie we're bringing
Prince Ali for the first week Wolfie
can't come for the first week because
this guy's still not trained and he's
gonna bark at everyone in the airport
you're the first test you're the test
dummy you're the test dummy are you
gonna make me proud I'm gonna make sure
to vlog tomorrow in the airport because
you want to see our Prince's house that
the prankster like months and months ago
and I bought this stuff but I forgot I
bought it so basically if you don't know
what it is it's like just stuff they
called dirty face so it looks like
regular soap but when you wash your face
it's supposed to become like dirty like
the package so I'm gonna go see if I can
trick some of the people in the house
into using this on their hands or on
their face I don't know I'm gonna do it
but let's try it out
okay guys so you saw that it was
supposed to make your hands dirty or
anything dirty it doesn't work so that's
myth busted those dollar store prank
things that you can buy the store they
don't work but you get at least some
facility as real side what are you doing
day two of the vlog guys we are about to
head to the airport to go to LA but yo
you guys thought I was joking with these
geese in my backyard look at this this
is not a joke like why is there hundreds
of geese that's kind of old anyways
these guys showed up Ryan dad well
Vaughn was about to show up because
Vaughn was gonna help we have so much
luggage because this is like one of the
trips where we're like taking a lot of
our stuff to LA so Silvia I was like
three luggage bags I got one Prince is
ready looking good this is your first
plane ride so guys today could either go
extremely good or extremely bad never
brought our dog on a plane we don't want
to be those parents that can have the
baby that screaming the whole ride so
Prince don't let us down like we put him
on some pill this medication that the
vet gave us and it makes him more hyper
and he's been more hungry than ever so
he might down the plane might bark on
the plane I'll update you guys cuz like
you guys probably want to see what's
good but kind of nervous to bring this
guy on the plane
I just don't like planes as it is but
usually biting my head off and he's
Posey I'm sure it's the pill it's the
pillows and your food and he's hungry
hey brain freeze good boy yeah yeah I
got one Beluga 2.0 these are my first
very easy as my G hello dollars like you
guys look how much you spend on those
loser
easy game retail retail your wolf em I
need to ask for your help very quickly
for like two seconds I know I always ask
for likes I'm gonna like God kay let's
get past that I need you guys to go down
and smash that like button because if we
hit thirty five thousand likes on this
vlog the boys said that they would come
up like in a few days and I need my boys
there because last time I came with Ryan
I loved rounded death but all t-mobile
being in LA with you boy would be super
dope we get like a dope Airbnb through
some crazy pool shit it would be dope so
please wolf Pam go down and smash that
like button 35,000 likes and they will
come with me they just don't know yet we
owe 30,000 likes it told me not never to
coming again thousand likes and they're
coming he just dropped a fire distract
40,000 Oh
45,000 thanks guys 35,000 likes they
will come next week maybe some nation
will come too
anyways Prince is going in the box yo we
made it into the airport everything's
good check it out hopefully all the
flying goes good today because it is a
little snowy snow but those are the
planes here I haven't eaten all morning
so I'm probably just gonna grab some
food real quick I'm tired though I'm
freakin tired I went to bed late hey I
miss you shoutout Prince for actually
behaving good boy second plate look at
Prince literally like he was pretty good
the first fight he was like crying a bit
but yo
yeah yeah he didn't pee so I kind of
peed himself before yeah
and now he's got his like lavish castle
here and we brought his beef jerky
because we know that's what he likes so
you give him the beef jerky Prince
please no barking welcome on board now
you can get all you guys Maurice
casually waiting for uber and it's so
bad feels frickin good to be back oh my
god I got my room right here guys and
honestly way cleaner than I expected it
to be usually sometimes you walk in here
and you don't know what to expect is
like people have been in your room make
it a mess and stuff but yo the bed is
made perfectly the game is looking at me
dead in the eyes I got the mirror right
here punching holes in the wall still
that's there but I knew that was gonna
be here
I don't know what's in the garage but
honestly I'm gonna set up my clothes
here so that we take up less space all
my hangers are still here we got some
here I'm guys fully back in LA this time
I'm just like I'm literally here solo
dolo
Ryan sways my partner and crime is not
here you might be coming in the next few
days but as of right now he is not here
Silvia's here we also have because our
assistant is coming up and Prince is
here this time we got a separate Airbnb
for them so right now I'm sleeping here
and then I'm gonna transition from here
to that area B as well obviously because
I gotta go check out my Sylvia and
Prince loved Prince to death this is his
first time in LA so we have big things
planned for him we're gonna get up like
there's a bunch of I don't know if you
guys know this but in Ottawa where I'm
from there's like slim to none dog
trainers that actually know what they're
doing to be honest it's a small town but
in LA every dog is so like well-trained
it's ridiculous so what we want to do
with Prince before we bring Wolfie jr.
here is fully trained Prince and then
bring Wolfie here because Prince
actually lasted on the airplane you did
such a good job so proud of him
Wolfie jr. I don't think would do the
same because he's just so hyper and like
when he sees people he barks and we
can't beat having that and on the plane
he like it just wouldn't fly right now
so whoop he's still gonna take lessons
at home Prince is gonna take them here
and then we are gonna try and make them
both come here well they're both gonna
have to come irregardless because la is
where it's how you build me anyways did
the life hack just got some wings
postmates so you can do post meets again
here in auto especially where I living
at postdates is not available it's not
available but god damn does it feel good
to be back here guys holy shit let's go
Prince what do we talk about stop trying
to act cute on my bed buddy stop trying
to Accu on my bed
literally
moving on to day three in this vlog I
know it's three days but like I have not
been doing too much interesting stuff in
each log and I don't just want to
release a blog to release a vlog so I'm
packing them all into one I've spent the
last two days like editing and basically
Sylvia just brought prints over here
prints is this is his first time in the
clubhouse I just gave him like a tour of
upstairs
this dog is timid okay you guys know I
brought him here so we got him on some
Cesar Millan training sessions because
that's what he needs
literally Prince can we talk about you
for a second bro can you stop being so
aggressive to people
this dog literally went Ewok just walked
in the room she ran from here rigid to
the edge of the bed barking and biting
and growling like why don't you do that
to me buddy why do you not do that to me
and why are you so shy one-on-one but
then when it comes to meeting people
you're just so rude like literally I
didn't teach you like this buddy and
then you want your belly scratched and
shit like bro this dog stresses me out
anyways so I just did some damage
control I put in the restroom his
favorite toy his favorite treats and
then some water in the corner so that he
doesn't die I have to go out and do a
few things and Sylvia and me are both
trying to work on like leaving him home
alone four more times because he's too
attached to people so in the Airbnb she
said the walls are really Finch so she
didn't want to leave him there yet
because it would probably piss off the
neighbors but here this is a house it
actually has a really good sound
reduction system whatever so I'm gonna
leave Prince here in the bathroom
probably get himself and stuff but I
gotta do it okay buddy I love you so
much come with me he knows I love you
Prince I love you play your tape to a
good boy Cameron I'll be back to you bye
I'm stressed okay we gotta hurry tender
greens wax healthy diet whooping this is
the reaction of prince meeting Paris in
London let's get it that way yeah that
way London wait till they see what I see
it's a dog
Lynden is oxidized she's scaring me well
he had that go kids are scarred for life
we're gonna put him down now that we're
out of the room with those crazy dogs
Harrison London I love you but I mean
okey-dokey wolf fans please excuse the
bit of a mess behind me guys I did not
clean my bed this room is like a pigsty
but yo two things I am super aged one of
the reasons I'm super age is because on
a limb literally I did not know when I
was going to come back to LA but in
Ottawa like a week and a half to like
two weeks ago I was just like glasses
shopping because you guys know I'm a new
Wolfie now okay where's my glasses oh
here we go here we go let's get this
glare back in here
I am I knew Wolfie as you guys can see
all these are dirty as hell hold on I am
a new Wolfie got my hair long we're
going for a new look all together guys I
dyed my hair I'm getting glasses okay so
I'm trying to switch my swag up so I was
like y'all I'm a cop like a bunch of
different glasses these are just like
one of the many guys I got there's one
super hipster style glasses that I
really wanted but I didn't know if I was
gonna be in Ottawa at the time so I
shipped them here and then literally an
hour ago to walk walks in my room he's
like yo Wolfie yeah there's like a
package for you and I'm thinking kid
like obviously it's a fucking prank like
I don't know what this court to follow
me but yo I see who is on the box and
this could be a prank still but from
what I know bone look it's like good
luck you know what I mean like French
damage yeah yeah they send me some
glasses which is not like a sponsorship
or anything I just was in the store and
I ordered some glasses and they actually
shipped them to me if they're what I
remember they should be
like some simple framed simplistic gold
glasses with clear lens okay these are
exactly what I ordered
now I have like another pair of added to
my collection Pete these gold frame I'm
just gonna put them on clear I told them
not to give me any prescription because
even though I think my eyes are kind of
prescription based I don't want
prescription oh these are fucking rad oh
my god is a dope I rate these guys jeez
whoa BAM well how you gonna let me do
this anyways so I just got these glasses
you guys saw this first impression dope
second reason I'm eight is because as
you guys may know now I have a little
more credibility in the diss track game
III I wrote a diss track it begged and
did like 2.5 million one day it's at
like as of as of me recording this video
at like four mil so show that to
everyone who listened and downloaded
check the statistics if you have not
linked in description go download it on
Spotify and Apple music it's like
climbing the charts guys we are actually
on the charts so let's see if we can get
it to number one just for troll purposes
because I've never dropped like a track
like that so I know sing
I dropped a diss track it popped there's
obviously some haters on the diss track
I mean those people are just mad that
they can't write this tracks like that
so that's none of my business but you
know your boy wolfies always positive
about these situations I'm chilling like
I did 2.5 million a date on more Wolfie
I'm laughing like that's pretty good so
because I have more credibility I am
going to react to another diss track the
Martinez twins my kin boys who you may
or may not be seen in the next couple of
lunch but that's none of my business
again they just dropped a diss track on
Jake Paul okay it's called that's my
lambo official music video so I always
react to these because you guys seem to
love my reaction videos smashing like
what if you want me to continue the
reaction videos and I got to react to it
because you know I have a connection
with these boys Amelia's hook the homie
you know I got to see what's popping in
the in the YouTube drama world so I'm
gonna react to it and let's without
further ado here we go Jake you bought a
mansion you flying private jets you take
amazing vacations and you got a Lambo
and you still own as money no no no no
no okay that is some exposing literally
they started off not even singing now
refugees yo Jake you bought this this
this this this and you
Louis money so where is our money that I
I'm guessing that's why that's the title
because Jake Paul is rich we all know
that obvious but what we don't know is
what he owes the Martinez twins and that
money can change my mom's like oh this
just got emotional real quick I don't
know if you guys have seen the Martinez
videos the Martinez twins videos where
they talked about Jake Paul but to
reference from that saying they never
got there anything oh they went off with
this film equality Gucci kicks
all that savagery with the gesture it's
actually in the combination know is that
Jake's level that's what hi Pam Hey okay
so Mikkel Spanish in this give it back
okay yeah back well is be part know this
is like a song that they could
definitely bump in the club this is like
arts and Esposito if the subtitles
weren't there and I didn't know what
they were saying I would still be like
oh my god
jakey jakey would you messed up where's
my freaking Lambros
this course is he can make you pepper
right like it's like little big salty
baby shot goddamn I don't think that is
actually Jake's Lambo but I think they
got something that's pretty damn similar
and the story line on this okay so you
got some story line in there honestly I
wish it was like a little bit longer but
I mean it could still be longer because
wilfy raps could feature on the third
verse if you feel me smash the like
button and I'll I'll see if the Martina
students want to collab on a diss track
now that I'm in a diss track game but no
honestly guys I feel like it could have
been longer but the course was he
visuals were he kind of exposing Jake
Paul I mean I don't even know what to
say at this point anymore like nobody
knows what is 100% facts and what is
100% bull other than like the actual
people in team ten but yo that was kind
of heat I'm about to be blasting that
after I've last checked the statistics
which you can find Apple musics why to
finally get a description go click
download that and while you're at it
wolf your apps merch sell it like did he
caught that too
wolf you guys thought comm link in
description anyways guys I'm gonna keep
admiring myself these glasses cuz god
damn use a friggin Harry Potter looking
ah anyways wolf as you can see there is
no more ace princess
the vicinity Sylvia just came to pick
them up these next few weeks of vlogs
are gonna be super lit because we have a
car and we have a personal chauffeur in
the next couple of weeks I'm excited
about because honestly la is amazing I
love that late but when you don't have a
car for yourself it's kind of annoying
like cool ring everywhere so I'm gonna
end the vlog off there but comment down
below who you want me to collab with
where you want me to go I'm thinking
about doing a bunch of stuff obviously I
want to go see my boy Austin I love the
ACE family I want to go see his new
house I think I want to go visit rug
again in San Diego because I love rug to
death and that'll be dope my Tina's
twins hit me up you already know what it
is but yeah if there's any other
youtubers that you guys want to see you
boy Wolfie make some cool content with
leave it down in the comments obviously
hit the like button let's hit 35
thousand likes on this vlog and I will
see you guys soon on more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage in my
main channel and as always stay savage
Lego
