this video it's a hundred thousand likes
then I'll go get rice you can check the
statistics on that well I don't even
care anymore
good morning hey yo let's get your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy guys
today I'm gonna be starting off this
vlog with literally the exact same
outfit I wore and let yesterday's long
I'm starting it in the same outfit
because I just ended yesterday's vlog
off if you haven't seen it linked in the
description go check it out
it's my reaction and all the boys
reaction to the diss track also smacks
the like button let's hit 40 thousand
likes on this blog for absolutely no
reason
partially because I did a diss track and
if you hit more likes it'll motivate me
to do another diss track anyways the
common formula I've been seeing with
YouTube diss tracks nowadays a lot of
the people did it rice come always does
its side men have done it when they
drive their diss tracks they get people
to react to it and then they get their
take to just react to you know sit down
one-on-one with their diss track explain
why some of the bars are written away
they are because a lot of people might
not understand a lot of the lyrics that
we're saying in the song so I'm here to
like kind of break it down like how
genius does except I'm not genius I'm
loafie I'm savage and I was gonna go
through the song with you and explain
what everything means what me and Ryan
were trying to say you know all that so
without further ado I'm just gonna start
the dish a cup if you guys haven't heard
enough link in the description of that
go check it out leave a like on that go
comment on that let's start the vlog off
with some reaction a by the creator
himself
so before the track even begins I'm like
yo Ryan how are these man's gonna put
big Shaq his name in the title I mean we
get clicked me I'm the clickbait god I
click wait all the time but we were
literally promised that big shock was
gonna come on the track like he had a
video saying big shock was gonna be on
the track he actually FaceTime big shock
you've met up with him in person
so he had us thinking that big shock was
gonna be on the track and I was a Shh
they're big shocks gonna be on the track
like I'm decently big but like rice is
really banging he's known for this track
so like we're gonna have to get rice but
then when we figured out the big shot
wasn't on the discharge I was like hey
if these don't you wanna put big shot at
this try then we like we don't need rice
in the discharged why don't we just use
his name in the title just like they did
same formula that's a shot on its own
except not have him and have it for like
to sneak peek because in their song
they're like nose long like garden hose
so I'm just like hey if we just get rice
saying his keyword irrelevant then we
technically can feature in the diss
track anyways that's the song hasn't
even begun yet but that's okay quickly
explaining that line basically roll safe
is another like comedian slash rapper
who kind of did like the same get up as
Michael Thapa did with his big Shaq
character and he was on fire in the
booth people are saying you robbed his
character from role safe and then the
first part of the line just means if you
actually think about it kid men's is hot
right now but in a month or so is he
really gonna be like that hot no because
means die off anyway that was a double
entendre on your head top like low key
because a lot of you guys know from my
why I don't rap it anymore video way
back in the day one of the reasons I
stopped rapping is because like these
videos that we're doing really well for
me like these comedy based videos we're
doing really well and they were popping
so I was like hey I'm gonna swallow that
formula I'm gonna do what's working
because I started off as a rapper like a
rapper I guess you could say and the
rapping was not cutting it for me and
it's not that I'm not like
a hard worker obviously I'm a hard
worker but I wanted to get to where I
wanted to be faster so I switched it up
did the comedy videos and they got me
more views same for big shock except the
opposite way around he's a comedian I
don't know a lot of you guys know that
but apparently he's a comedian and big
shock is one of his many characters so
shout out to him but those weren't
getting the love okay they weren't
getting the views that he deserved so he
switched to big shack fire on the booth
and became a rapper so it was the exact
opposite for him but fun fact he
actually is a comedian you guys knows
yes best reaction channel on YouTube
honestly better than me I love zsb Lucy
eyes you already know what it is these
guys are the goats paws bitch use the
word manda because you know these guys
are from the UK they're using some UK
slang I know some UK slang and a lot of
people know Erica cos Delta cos tellers
okay team 10 gal as snake this is
because keemstar calls her snake so I
was just like yo big Shack didn't even
hop on the track to help out his
so-called boy ass knee so he snake them
so I was just like yo double hit I'm
gonna hit fire an Erica bit and fire a
big shot at one line
I love the course with the Lord as my
witness take this out you to miss the
reason I called a check of statistics is
because it's his line again my Club
higher than yours proof that you check
the statistics with the Lord as my
witness take this out
you hold the L now right coming in for
this this was late I love the shots an
inside joke do you guys know that this
is personal shopping because he calls
himself intimacy but these really can't
stop pausing just cuz there's so many
reasons for why we chose the Lions me
and Ryan were literally sitting in the
car
thinking of the diss tracks lines on the
way to the studio and we were like Kenya
what can we fire at Sean like there's
not much wrong that Sean does but I do
know like his favorite youtuber is mini
mentor I do know that for a fact and I
was just like yo Brian's like yo he's a
mini mini mini mentor or like a mini
mini mentor and I was like yo if we put
it in this on you a many many many many
Minter it's gonna hit super hard so it's
like Bustillo cuz oh it's like it's a
hard shot to take in cuz it's like
telling someone look at your idol you'll
never be your idol like you're way
smaller than them so that was that
by the way
y'all just some giant dude before you
guys going down and comment and hate be
like oh my god stop fat shaming we're
not fat shaming hey we're boys we love
Bongo to death be they came on us and
our weights they used to bench three
plates not you weigh three plates so
it's like okay if you can dish it out
you better be able to fight handle
dishing it in money because that's the
way we're coming back to your head Tom
can't handle the heat get out of the
kitchen don't fire shots if you cannot
handle them so I was just like you know
big he actually finishes his DIY giant
foods you guys think we throw them in
his room and honestly one on a video and
this wanna keep race
being on my coffee this was a setup for
Dave coming the trap I'm not ki that's
David's like claim to fame line he says
it all the time you guys know David
parody I'm not T I was like how can I
line it up so that he can be in the
video cuz he was in their video for like
a split second I'll show you guys the
clip right now he's going like this he's
doing his big big Dave post I was like
hey if they're gonna have Dave in the
video we got to have Dave in the video -
lets get him sing his main line here we
go okay so that is like pretty much the
whole song the course is repeats for one
more time but all in all with this video
I'm super impressed you shut it to max
max I leave like his link in the
description he's the guy that filmed and
edited this show - Steph Steph was in
the vlogs in the previous vlogs he makes
it master like everything we brought him
the beat that we found on YouTube it
took us like an hour to find which shut
up - whoever laid this beat I'll leave
you in the description as well because
this beat is heat literally when me and
Ryan found this real like it's gone
after hearing the beat it probably took
us like six and a half hours to like
write the rap like one night because we
wrote the rap the night that we got this
track because we didn't know we were
gonna get distracted literally hit us
from nowhere but I was like - it will
figure out still got a bit of rapping or
I'm gonna come back with some heat so he
came back with that took a while to mix
and master just cuz we wanted like some
gunshots you know make it sound harder
but that in the track layering voices
and whatnot that took a while but I was
there pretty much the whole time stuff
was there doing that just cuz I'm super
picky when it comes to this I was like
nah we gotta change that change that put
that there whatever but shout out to
stuff cuz he killed it the locations
literally we shot this video in like
five or six hours my favorite location
was probably the one on the street with
the slow most like I'm gonna play a few
clips these are heat clips guys if you
like check these out also we had a
warehouse a wee one in the two rooms
throughout my car in one room and then
the other room me and Ryan we're just
going out together then we even had a
drone shot at the start on top of the
building we got on top of some building
so that was though I hope it changes so
it was legit the edits the scribbles on
suggested leadership guys but yeah that
is
what a lot of the lines mean in the song
some subtle shots that you guys didn't
even hear about we strategically made
this we're like Kate initially when we
heard the dish I we were like shit like
elbow distance Ashley this test we're
like Kate who we gonna fire at and I was
like hey honestly it would make most
sense if I came at big shot cuz he
didn't come on the track so he deserves
to get hit a bit with the heat and be
yeah big shock has a song with sixty
million views but Mans is kind of dying
out hot no no heat but I was like you
know I could come at him leaves on a
little bit of it down it's gonna hit him
that much harder maybe he'll make a
response to it who knows I don't know
but I was like I'm gonna focus more on
big Shaq because I want to go with the
big boys and then Ryan and me will write
some lines with Ryan I want you to
deliver some hard lines on the album
voice Ashley really yeah doesn't really
matter
we're focused on what we were focused on
also Chad's actually name is Jack but
you guys call him Chad that pisses him
off so friggin much that's like one of
the shots that everybody that meets him
thinks his name is Chad but it's
actually jad so I was just like you know
even though it didn't seem as hard that
line specifically I know Doug under his
skin but no I think everything the final
product everything came together so well
I can love the way it looks Ryan love
the way it looks when you first side now
for something special because I promise
you guys something special and last
video I want to go over what could have
been this is the fourth verse now you
guys are probably wondering what the
fourth verse is one of the fat front fat
guys smash like but before I tell you
this but you guys know my boy Omar the
boys boy Omar
Omari Miggs as they call him now he's
not a singer he raps on the side he
makes music in general basically when
this is like exclusive information some
behind the scenes apparently before the
boys came with the rap they were
struggling kay guys yeah I'm gonna
expose these guys these guys had equal
opportunity to get the same person who
shot it and the same person who edited
our sound they had the opportunity they
have more time we weren't coming out
their neck people weren't expecting
something from them so they had all the
time in the world okay guys they had all
the time in the world
but now they're hating that we got
professionally shot professionally
mastered but it's like bro you guys had
the same opportunity anyways that's
beside the point
anyways Omar Omar emits they were
panicking at the beginning they didn't
know who could write I know John can
write his own virus Sean could not write
like that's out of the question
Barlow can
- bit so I was like who the hell like
was ready there apparently they reached
out to Omar at the start and they're
like yo Omar can you can you help us out
bla bla so I'm just gonna go through my
phone and get this song
Omar literally wrote almost a full song
on me sorry if there's like heavy bass
there guys but um it's cuz the guys are
upstairs turning up cuz we're going over
bronze birthday tonight by Omar row like
a full song so I'm gonna play the fourth
fret this is taking to the forests verse
because I thought everything was gonna
be over after this maybe they'll fire
back on y'know if I fire back we'll
think about it maybe 100,000 likes and
I'll go get rice you can check the
statistics who knows to be honest but
all I know is that Omar wrote them
something and I've heard a bit of it I
haven't heard all of it but I do know
there is like two lines in there that
are actually heat and they should have
used it they said they didn't use it
because they wanted to hold back but
it's like I don't you think that's the
reason you played yourself so listen to
these lyrics guys this guy said you left
your girlfriend your dogs and your house
holy coming on my head tub he's coming
you left your girlfriend back at the
base now you're sleeping beside Ryan
sways that's a fish oh my god Omar's
going off
even makes artists and is Natasha don't
you know where that rice always tastes
better with some sriracha okay that line
is heat
yeah you're moving up you're popping but
don't forget who touch up don't forget
that rice always tastes better with
sriracha holy shit that's a heel and up
in the cloud house they know that's a
phase it's a phase of my life not City
saying and phase banks cuz phase banks
live there so he's like it's like holy
my actually went off
oh my god your hairline is never
straight
how you been Gucci down Gucci down 24/7
and still have no fashion tip taste that
is a line that I've been here with a lot
of people like ya akhi as money blah
blah but like he's still dressed like a
mud but honestly I think my ofits kind
of sweaty tonight personally the glasses
yeah Nino changed up the hair it's a new
wolfy guy's new wolfy time but that line
Omar fuck that was he that was he
I'm not de ok so that is the fourth
verse for you guys
honestly rice completes better with
sriracha heat line the one looks like
how you'd be Gucci down 24/7 but still
have no fashion taste ban your line and
the flow was lit on that one too I would
have loved to see personally own wear in
that video and know I hate to the boys I
love them all to death at the end of the
day but I really do think they should
have used some lines from America's like
that would have helped them out I think
that some of the lines could have been
readjusted a bit better and even my
lines that I didn't song like they were
rushed they did I did them in one day I
think they were fire but I think they
could have been fired IRA I don't know
if that's a word
anyways guys I'm not gonna do stripes
guys why can't we not just all love each
other it's 2017 okay I don't want to do
any more districts anymore unless this
video it's a hundred thousand likes then
I'll go get rice you can check the
statistics on that one I don't even care
anymore
comment down below what ever you want
comment your thoughts on my district
they're discharged it doesn't matter cuz
if it gets out a thousand likes the
world is gonna explode hydrogen bomb
shit all my hydrogen bomb shit but
that's an explanation of the song
there's the fourth verse that has never
been leaked to the internet literally I
told all mine I keep it on the low I
wanted to show you guys
there he is shut - Omar leave his link
in the description so to everybody this
has been super fun don't wait do not
sleep on your boy wolfy because they
don't come you wolf your apps for no
reason
anyways expect a normal blog tomorrow
okay I'm trying to have some fun
tomorrow you guys know the vlogs will it
every single day though cop the merch if
you have not already
wolfy raps commlink here here here here
here here here boy here here here here
here here here here and here
35% off we are extending the Black
Friday sale for like a few more days
because you guys went so damn hard so
you deserve the sale go copper yourself
some merch before it gets sold outs
here's the wolf and let's go in like
right right now so you gotta go right
now okay go get your mom and dad tell
you gotta go get it right now right now
and I will see you guys soon or more
will see where we stay a little bit more
sounds on my main channel and as always
stay savage land ho
