how you feel going into this welcome
back to more Wolfie we are starting the
day in the gymnasium Chad with a J aka
Chad as you guys will know him
just film the video I'm not I'm still
hurt he's definitely hurt after the diss
track but well I'm not hurt about is you
guys killing the sales on my Black
Friday merch 35 percent off on the site
until Monday I caught something guys
it's ashli a good deal actually go right
is it is go right now link in the
description or Wolfie raps calm cop
yourself the merchants I should be fresh
I wear my cyber sweater all he wears it
all the time on you guys really put the
hoodie so go carpet right now smash the
like button before we start off the vlog
because it is Black Friday and the more
likes we get the more money I'll spend
today I don't really need anything but
everyone finds to buy on Black Friday
like TVs and shit maybe I'll buy a TV I
don't even know look at all these man's
literally bear man's in the video Silvia
cam dad came Sean came the whole SWAT is
out and about guys let's get into the
vlog the music video came in today by
the way guys so I think this vlog is
gonna be dropping after the music video
drops but I'm gonna get everyone's like
first initial reaction to the music
video like Ryan's the boys my parents
I'm gonna get their reactions to so
today's vlog is gonna be super late I'm
super excited let's get it well you're
crazy
so here's the music video first initial
reaction is from the man who's in the
music video Ryan no looking at dude Dave
you're in it too this video is gonna be
after the vlog so here we go Dave in the
video Ryan
feel free to go watch this in full
effect now I want to watch it too
low-key was my first video but I know I
could
see this
aha
guys you haven't even started the Black
Friday shopping we're going to Best Buy
first because that is like the typical
spot that people buy TVs and we don't
need TVs
I'm already over the shopping the
traffic parking took me ten minutes
and so I'm honestly thinking this might
be the only store actually go to
everything else will be online shopping
but I will make sure to update you guys
on what we get throughout the day what
did I tell you we're going in cop the TV
hero first thing in here TV hero first
purchase of the day if you like David
handsome I had to call these are 1 9999
kind of old I don't know what the
sailors but guys it's the best joke I'm
never gonna save sylvia i wanna hear a
joke landline house phones what the fuck
are these these are old these are old no
one uses these stop calling everyone
uses 717 2017 cellphones on this you
know tell the joke to Dave yo Dave you
want to hear a joke
yeah house phones
alright guys look at this wood that's
right on the road right there
there was this the truck that didn't tie
the wall these guys are getting it they
got out of the car oh my god savages
guys there was a truck that didn't tie
the wood into the back of it's like
trunk what is it called bed
I guess the back of a truck and they
didn't tie it in so fuckin flew out and
luckily there was no car behind it
otherwise it would have been a quick one
to final destination to scene where just
pops out and smokes the window the car
behind it every time they see you like a
car truck or something have stuff in the
back like that I always imagined it
coming out luckily no one was hurt but
that was the most entertaining thing of
today to be honest and now it's raining
and Black Friday's so we're back from
shopping I'm about to do some online
shopping but David wanted to bet me cuz
I got my iPhone X and I just sold my
iPhone 7 plus today I sold it for like
800 bucks but now I have a bunch of cash
on me and I have 50s David out of 50s
like yo let's bet each other to spice up
a vlog I'm like ok so I have my Canadian
50 guys this is real money bring your 50
oh and we're gonna do one game literally
best of one rock-paper-scissors put it
down on the table you know what man's
got pizza today I'm stressed KO one game
Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan tell me what to do
look at me this Ryan's amazed me if I
mess up then Ryan asked me $50 $50 are
on the table they look at this one it's
wanna look at me this one it's one okay
so on - boom rock paper scissors answer
this no rock paper scissors shoot none
of that no right let go scissors he's
like ghosts I swear to God so I was like
I'm going scissors thank you for the
money never bet me again let's get it
the next reaction I'm gonna get guys is
from my mom my dad you have people that
birthed me this music video is not the
final straw like it's not the final
version I'm gonna play the final version
in this video so you guys are gonna see
all the effects but like the timing and
everything the clips are pretty much I
think they might be the exact same so
your reaction you guys gonna be the same
as my parents reaction I'm tired
because I've been running around all day
trying to get reactions for this video
before it goes up and stuff like our
house looks really clean yeah the house
is clean you guys heard the song would
you think of the song can I ask one
question yeah yeah I just want to know
um what kind of dish is he supposed to
be a friendly district No
okay this is not friendly in any way I
don't give a shit about this
I lost my chil ten years ago like this
is shots and I don't care cuz that's
what a diss track first kayo so mom
don't worry about it I'm gonna put the
lyrics up the lyrics are gonna be on the
screen for you guys to see right now
you're just gonna have to follow along
with the song cuz this is before the
subtitles are at it yeah we'll help Mom
yeah but a lot of it a lot of the dishes
are like YouTube specific like yeah
we're like you have to really know the
background what whose role safe role
safe can Michael down for Rob his whole
character off of and he was on fire in
the booth so dare your head top bro
that's the line I explained but I'm
gonna explain the rest in another time
ready are we supposed to talk you can
talk you can pause it as much as you
want like if you if you have a hard time
keeping up I'm gonna sit in between you
guys hear what I'm saying is it too fast
I'm saying how you gonna follow up with
that banger you're not but you should
try you're never gonna hit 60 million
views again we all know Michael that but
we all know you're never gonna hit 60 60
million views a lot it is it's a good
spiral props Friday's one of many of my
videos
exactly that guy blew up but the thing
is it's the majority boy down when you
look at this stuff right no one seen in
the news I know I went I went back and I
looked at his stuff and when you look at
his stuff first of all that rap that
he's done man it's the same rap that
he's done for that character because
that's the only wrap and both shots are
like my favorite bands are hot man so
hot if you think about it in a month or
so that's not hot that's something that
mean I'm just stating facts I love the
character but I'm stating facts after
listen the first time I said that first
time I saw that video man saw hot I
thought I loved the site got to do it
because I thought it was real and then
and then when I realized it was fake it
was Michael Thapa community yeah that's
it so that's that's cool that's but I
mean 60 million would be hard for anyone
of course I wouldn't say you'd never hit
it no I've never hit it no you have
never hit yes that doesn't mean you
won't hit here we go my comedy videos
got no views you big bitch only that's
not a being your life you can't say
something nice don't see nothing it's a
district
that's such a gen I thought of that I
was like yeah I need to dumb down my
lyrics big I was like you a
ten-year-olds need to get this line
everyone knows that
big big shot pause your big video is wow
what do you think in a music video
the kids he doesn't care about the fans
we're just waiting foul used to be nice
you should be nice no no I like you like
that that's my favorite word you know
that's a hard line ok many mentors like
Sean's
one of Sean's favorite youtubers it
might be his favorite youtuber so me and
Ryan thought we're like you're not even
close to him you're a Minnie Minnie
Minnie Minnie Minter it's like you're
not even close to him but good job you
can try not being friends are just like
not friends not thinking about me first
they said I use eventually plates nilav
plates
sad they said
Charles
watch this cameo that's my favorite part
they didn't even know he was gonna be in
the jag I said I'll say it again he
wasn't in there yes he was yeah it was
actually my favorite part which one
looks like you're trying to get your bag
off your head but you can't
I'll give it like some people are
getting there I'll give it eight how
well first of all make an actual rap
like not a diss track round okay and
then she's old and then she just wants
to hear me rap yeah yeah that has
nothing to do with the diss track that
was a good dish I became what do you
think was a great district what does
that think it was mean okay that's a
diss track I believe
I mean that's discharge did you see that
um roast got roasted really bad it was
it okay let's go back to the district
makes bit harder districts in that
district was so therefore it's soft the
other diss tracks I don't know who
you're talking about right like this one
am i clapping chunks I don't know that
person so whatever but I know the other
guys like behind it knows them you think
you'll be like for you you he's saying
that you came at them pretty hard
personal shots I guess I gotta know
where to hit them I guess I guess
alright
they think it was too slaughterhouse but
honestly guys I think it was kind of
weak hit the like button if you want to
part two I'm coming up I'm coming again
next victim was yo guys come check out
my channel reaction to this only because
you know I want to watch it for the
first time with the boys I know they
came with bongos you're acting your oh
yeah oh yeah okay okay okay there's no
title dis version and that's here too I
guess it's the guy that makes it
mastered everything we recorded at his
house shout out Steph I've good love
this guy you haven't seen that it lets
you know all right here we go
no it's just here we go turn this up to
the maximum volume yeah it's nothing
given you know back his low pitch
okay so where's no friends okay so right
now the cops that I'm looking out for
the day guys I think I'm gonna buy some
stuff on grilled honestly there's not
really a sale because it's like you
stuff but there's this stone island
crewneck that I've been looking at I've
been looking at the Nike Air Max 90 G's
awful a collab those are fresh then
wanting those didn't get them off code
yet a plain black Gucci tee and then
some fear of God I've been looking at on
this website
now clothing is nice okay it's always a
plus but I think the real MVP cop of the
day I did not buy much this Black Friday
but honestly there's like sales that go
on throughout the week so I'm chillin if
you like this I'm gonna put behind my
computer in my editing room even though
like I'm barely ever home I just want to
add some vibes to the house so I think
I'm gonna add that there I might set up
these either in the
room which is like this room where the
dogs are and everything all the time or
I might just or I might add this to my
office as well but the best purchase of
today is this one extension of my laptop
that looks like my laptop it's as slim
as my laptop and you guys know okay all
these new MacBooks all they have is two
ports right here and then they have a
headphone jack then they have these two
ports on the side check this out now I
have an SD card reader some USBs and the
two ports so I can do all of my editing
necessities and still look swaggy so I'm
really excited about that purchase it's
like such a small thing but it's so damn
convenient because I've been having to
add these dongles on the side and I lose
them I had these things my laptop and
everywhere you go for the SD cards for
the USB initially this is only one for
one USB to life hack guys I took this
part right old laptop which Sylvia the
guys hooked up with one of these for
free which costs minimum 70 bucks from
the Apple Store she's using that I
caught this today writing complex I use
this for my old laptop cuz I didn't know
you could do it so now I'm gonna stop
running past my laptop cuz any of you
guys that have the new lack books you
probably have ran past that at one point
and the court is so short you trip over
it bus stop the charger and potentially
make your laptop fall over so that I can
sux honestly so just very convenient
things happen today also check out the
Christmas tree
set up in November because we sell it
very early on top here on the bottom
great yo prints right out to you slop
though Wolfie show them Shan Shan wolf
show Prince come to your spot you know
it's part it is because the windows not
open right now make him walk up the
stairs the kid is going to throne show
swag that's that candidate pooch I was
telling you guys about you know what
that could a boy oh he's gonna die ago
Power Man is moving on the vlog little
birthday boy looks nice what's that
thing the guy how much did you outfit
unknown vlog shout out to you I met you
your real Jeep yo how much is your
haircut
all man's are moving like this did you
do you up nice chello Jada Barber do you
even line me up guys my first hair line
in ages I'm ace what number is that the
times have you been in a blog getting
shot as yours
and I told you just buy it nice earrings
and you won't have to rebuy it you
what's your reaction going into this you
ready ah I don't care I'm gonna skip to
his reaction after it post video
reaction give me two words to sum up how
you feel oh thank you
who's next who's next
dad's next give me two words for like
two like two words how you feel going
into this not ready okay I'll give you
what he feels after cameras really close
to my face mmm two words of your
afterthought so that's dads that's his
reaction next up I have Loki goosebumps
I didn't know that I forgot that those
are my boys it's a trap DJ's next
unfortunately I didn't get DJ's starting
reaction to the video yo yo DJ give me
two words for your final final nests of
the reaction of the diss track who were
like two words Oh
ceylon incredible nexpaq stop guys
everyone's reacted to the disk drive
it's pretty heat you guys already know
link will be in the description will
free offs calm murchison selling out
like a mod ping keep buying it because i
think we're pushing back the sale
because i because you guys have been
buying so much damn much I think we are
pushing back a Black Friday sale all
week 35% off wolf your app stock
comments right here here here here here
here
go cop it I love my wolf am okay guys so
everyone has just finished completely
reacting to the video almost I think
I've got everyone's reaction and if for
some reason you didn't see it everyone's
uploading your action videos so those
will all be online probably the same
time this video is up but I'm gonna end
the vlog off there this was just the
first take at the dis track from the
people who we dissed so if you guys
enjoyed this and if you want more diss
tracks in the future go hit that like
button let's hit minimum forty thousand
likes on this blog so if you have not
hit it go smash the like button right
now a I'll give you five seconds five
four three two BAM thank you so much
wolf em for all the support just because
I know there's gonna be support it's
probably gonna be some hate on this
video but it's all good you already know
your boy wolf is the king savage anyways
comment down below who you want me to
dis track next and I will get it done in
the future for y'all because I don't
know this is just super fun to do and I
will see you guys soon on more wolf
where we stay a little bit more savage
my main channel and as always stay
savage leggo
