if this video it's 40 thousand likes I
promise you guys a lift high-quality
music video will be dropping soon good
morning a yo what's gonna chew boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy
today is the big guys smash the like
button because we are filming the music
video right now literally just picked up
Ryan he's getting in the car right now
are you excited oh yeah oh yeah motion
mad tired guys it's early in the morning
but the reason we have to do is because
it's gonna be like an all-day shoot and
we have plans tonight so we can't do it
tonight so we got to get it done now but
it gets dark at like 5:00 so we can
still get the night shots done but guys
literally I'm gonna be playing the song
the whole way to go pick up Steph
because he's gonna come to make sure
everything goes for meeting the guy max
who's shooting the video in like about
30 minutes so kind of running behind
schedule but I'm looking forward to this
music video because like I've never made
a music video that I haven't edited
myself so having someone who actually
does it so that I don't even like Noli
edit so like it's surprise to me when
it's done
it's gonna be dope as hell so let's get
into the blog first location of the
whole music video is this broken-down
warehouse guys I'm aged literally it has
like so much opportunity for some cool
shots like we have this big open room
and then in this room we might get a
shot on that little vehicle thing over
there that would be kind of windy this
is gonna be crazy guys I promise I mean
by the time you see this know the video
might not be out but just know that when
it comes together and it's a final
product it's gonna be insane I'm really
excited for it cast me team elbow these
guys snaked me they're open oh my god
there's a danger where's the high
voltage sign first scene is done guys we
just finished the first location the
shots are fired
like literally fucking fire like I don't
even know how to explain it I didn't
even see them but I could just tell by
his reaction shooting them I was like
yeah this is sick now we are actually
going to like a rooftop I have my drone
on me so hopefully we're gonna get some
drone shots in there he knows how to man
the drone don't know if the drone is
allowed downtown but I'm gonna use it
anyways then we got Ryan and Steph's
here just for moral support and he's
telling like coaching us through this
because I think
you seen a 1/2 bit so like literally we
have the perfect squat all we need is
one more person and that person is a
very secret person but there are a
deadly weapon if we have them it's a
wrap rooftop locations it's the best
you're gonna get an autumn on guys we're
not in LA but we're about to shoot on a
rooftop we are downtown Ottawa this is
like the way vyas normal place ever
three brothers is so good and oh that
walls actually kind of wavy - it is it's
wall with all the graffiti that's pretty
cool Ryan's getting ready to do some
shots I'm getting ready to do some shots
we're just figuring out what is like
gonna be a nice backdrop or like
background we might even go up here
dancer this I don't know just finished
my little performance on the roof on the
roof I was on a roof on a roof okay now
it's Orion's time he decided he's gonna
take off his jacket cuz like the way we
have play on words in the song he isn't
supposed to be hot right no he is
supposed to be hot so he's like that's
all I'm saying he is literally wearing a
shirt it is freezing you can see his
breath but he's trying to say that he's
not hot or is hot oh you know what I'm
saying anymore we haven't eaten
we need Red Bull like immediately but yo
check out the beautiful City of Ottawa
this is my city guys you guys say I'll
rap the city enough shut up
I always rap Ottawa six one three till I
die you got Parliament building over
there it's the only reason people come
here to be honest but you know I live
here this is my city even when it is
freezing but I do have a strong love for
LA as well so if there's that this is my
outfit I'm wearing right now guys might
have just shot in this holy hell let's
go right so for the next shot in this
music video guys it's something
involving a car we literally had to
drive to the opposite end of the whole
city to get this shot just to find like
some whatever neighborhood really
excited it's a very dangerous shot but
my phone is not working so we're having
some troubles with the with the song but
I'll update you guys just in a bit I
know are you believing that the part
where you ditched a pollen ator yeah I
might leave it in an Logan guys this
video is like it's gonna be a banger
trust me I wish the vlog was like better
right now honestly I'm not too happy
with it but I'm just too bitter I gotta
put the camera down
people are coming I'll go on college
you're oh you're over your own guys
weekend guys we have been looking for
this basketball game for about five
minutes so far we still have time it
starts in like 20 minutes so we're still
early but we
want to get like a good seat cuz
apparently this game's gonna be poppin
like it's literally gonna be so full so
we're trying to find a seat a seat
mister parking spot I think I might make
up my own parking space though like
right back here what do you guys think
smash like what if I should do that and
by the way guys get ready because at
some point randomly in this vlog at
Kevin world yo I'm gonna show you guys a
snippet of the rap song okay that's what
you're gonna get until the music video
drops but in order for that to drop this
needs some minimum hit 40,000 like
yesterday's video needs hit 40,000 likes
it meet the likes need to happen guys so
if this video it's 40,000 likes
I promise you guys a little music video
will be dropping soon anyways just fine
this game yo if someone doesn't get this
pin spider invention outta here on the
world the world's looking at yeah yeah I
have a shirt like do not block door here
you're busy gaming no busy game this
games busy to shoot at the halftime show
guys but I don't care if I shoot I'm
giving it to Ryan a player on YouTube he
got ever give it a try make the shot
sighs sighs I'm Peter Henry these
tickets once the moon thing
so
you know magically jumps before the game
and then they never did enjoy the fact
these are wet wet the whole game I'm
going to be yelling brick and wet was
the only towards I know a basketball
vocabulary so I'm gonna try and fit in
this is close game
although he doesn't look like it guys I
promise you number seven is the
greasiest player on the court Brian even
said it himself he's like this guy's way
better than me I don't know
Oh
I promise you guys he's wet I'm just
gonna leave the camera on and get all
the shots
seven seven seven
so he's that Auto stabilizer
um
seventy two to three dollars to three of
my time
I'm gonna give a shout-out sold last
year vision Naga Oakland dreams Yakima
okay that's enough shoutouts it's enough
shadow julie's we went to Japan and
brought back please a KitKat well a
million different types of kick that
ruins this this one is a creme brulee
tiramisu looking at you we talked to
torture bro I mean a minute most it
turns into this thing take it yeah I
just like eat the full thing on so just
grew out of it that's a cake that
where's that bro I don't know what is
those in Canada under 21 yeah
take this in well why did would wait
where does it say you have to torch it
on the packaging I mean I feel like you
could just eat it you and then the other
what flavor is that I almost passed out
we're gonna leave it does feel different
right yeah what the heck hold up
DIY
no no no a little bit more
follow me
guys do that go to Japan you're old by
the way you guys the Black Friday sale
is officially now on because I had to do
a discount for the wolf fam
so go caught the wolf and merge we're
selling everything in black editions
it's black they'll check out some of the
stuff right now 35 percent off okay so
if you're like Ryan sleaze and you'd
like to save your money I wish I had
that hoodie on me right now so you can
see how the open up but it would look
retarded lead up with my friggin pants
go pop yourself some stuff the sale is
only on until Monday morning okay
so hurry up if you haven't bought any of
them wolfy wraps merch this is the stuff
you need to buy it I'm going to show you
how dope it looks in tomorrow's vlog on
you boy so go to movie raps calm you
already know what to do in commerce but
you guys have been doing it already you
know what to do link in the description
is getting no no no no Ken the pooch not
Canada goose Canada pooj guys keep these
unopened dog carriers we're looking at
them because Prince is gonna be flying
with us so you're gonna have to get him
a nice case you guys are probably
wondering why my dogs are so spoiled
that's cuz they're wolfies you know what
is this dog are these dogs ready verse
very verse decent odds are they Jason de
free stuff guys free stuff shut up to
the girl pampered pet obviously you
deserve a shout out you know you're
gonna get a shut up for giving me the
free stuff for my dogs she knows I got
those two dogs principle for junior she
gave me this whole bag of goodies so now
we got like a whole bunch of new dog
treats I think like toothpaste and stuff
for them hopefully they like it they're
really picky about everything they get
so I mean it is what it is we gotta test
it out but no I owe you guys something
so i'ma head over to the boys house and
I'm gonna show you a sneak preview of
the diss track very sneak preview let's
get it alright guys so DJ just went
outside to walk Enzo Giada and Bongo
just left to the store to go grab a sub
bongos in like this giant sub challenge
but I'm gonna whip up the diss track I
got my partner in crime here so easy
baby this is all you guys get to hear of
the diss track so far I'm gonna skip
ahead like this much and probably go to
right here okay ready
no no no don't play my 3 minutes and 35
seconds in no yeah that's enough that's
enough that's enough
how does he know like I don't maybe the
title maybe like that shows use in the
song those are the title the beat if you
want to play that again here's the
footage that's all you guys get to see
of the diss track I'm excited is
dropping soon the music video I'm
dropping it with the music video so
that's why I don't want to go into too
much detail anyways not the boys house
bongos about to film a video eating like
a 7-foot sub I'm gonna be in that video
so I it's over there so I'm not gonna
spoil it I'm gonna eat a bit of that
tell you guys how it goes I'm just so
excited with this video guys supposed to
have a rough draft back to me tonight
cuz I'm not editing this one and I've
never not edited like a music video that
I've shot so it's different but
hopefully it's banger this one goes
behind behind the scenes and our eating
videos we don't actually finish it guys
all day literally hide it I'm gonna show
you this look at this you're hiding it's
either askew so right now we're gonna
pause the vlog
let's relax well drop the music video
yesterday it broke the internet so you
guys know I've reacted to all Jake songs
because you guys love my reactions for
some reason I feel like I'm entertaining
or something like that so he dropped the
song and the song is actually with one
of my favorite respective water
I buy boots you therefore I have to
react brought the boys here got channel
the g1 up wolf am Omar yeah josh gedgie
oh oh yeah it's your messy what's wrong
I just don't want to be over I may be
individual I want to be my own person oh
boy behind why why do I want to be
someone a follower excuse our eyes we're
gonna be linking up here because
actually we put the video on the big
screen cuz you know what Jay King gucci
deserve I'm gonna be the big screen
that's like three point something
million a day almost for milk probably
is like five minute I need job last
night literally yesterday oh he dropped
this on Izzy mix yeah you dropped it on
iTunes and then drop the music video
Ian's booty man how much you think he
meant I think I don't think a lot of
people know that Gucci bag I'll pay for
that yeah I would say yeah minimum on
again that's right yeah maybe even more
and some clothes I would say there's
some nice clothes some nice Jay Paul is
popping yeah he's popping alright so
here we go the weight has everyone seen
the original it's wrapped in two
every night sis that was pretty good oh
yeah that's written by me here we go oh
no no there's a dawn I'm agenting is it
coochie baby I'm okay I'm apposite
that's the way we gucci fit well you
know Jake you're obviously amazing
you're he like your your contents great
Jake Pollard for life
well why your friends flex it bro like
they don't have the money you have so it
stresses me out when they're doing it
cuz I know it's not that Gucci is years
ago give it back sure I'm all around
wavy that is your a sure to do so boys
Lambos se Co Co song - the Pucci did you
really friends to his house he didn't
say the full number but if you guys get
the picture
listen to this closely
did the girls in the music video come
from Jaipur but I feel like I've seen
them in Gucci Jay Paul's done videos
before yeah MB but that's just a quick
spin who'd she go off yeah yeah for sure
but I'm just saying like he wouldn't
have done this otherwise if Gucci Mane
wasn't in the video cuz there's no gucci
mane probably said if i'm honest you
need honey center yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah maybe Gucci go out for his verse
but like do you think he actually tried
out that was he freestyle yeah he's just
having that quick Jay Paul brand new
yeah yeah it has like hey your Lambos in
yeah anyways guys pretty late smash the
like button if you want to see more
reactions or us just roasting people
there will be links to everyone's
channel down below so subscribers I'm
spam their wolf am one of the most Yolo
moves I've ever done in my life
I don't know if a lot of you guys know
this about me but back in the day before
I did YouTube before I was like this
rapper who did some config anchor raps I
was a gamer okay I gamed super hard
I used to rush home from school and play
video games until I went to sleep and
then I would rinse and repeat the same
the next day and one of my all-time
favorite games I have multiple one of
them was this legend of zelda ocarina of
time like zelda is like one of the
Bombers games ever don't play it anymore
because i don't really have time to play
it I liked some football games like I
used to play a lot of football games but
like I would just customize the team so
that I was the best but like literally
my favorite game of all time probably
has to be halo 3 not halo 2 904 not Halo
Reach not Halo 5 all those games are
kind of Dookie halo 3 is the most blob
game ever it is for the Xbox 360
but now the Xbox one is out I have that
but I don't think you can play halo 3 on
it you probably can when I'm too lazy to
check and I'm just familiar with like
the Xbox 360 controller so literally
there is a place where you can like buy
used games and used consoles and stuff
like that it's called micro played in
the States you guys have a place called
Game Stop and they rip you off when you
sell your used games in it's pretty much
exactly like that store so I'm gonna go
there see if they have an Xbox 360
minimum two controllers and then the
game Halo 3 and I'm gonna try and comp
it if they have it because I'm craving
it and I need to relive my childhood
because I gotta have some fun in life
this this track stuff is like taking all
the fun out of us actually bad fun too
but I want to play video games so we're
gonna go to the store DJ play that game
a lot with me he's in a roll let's go
get it this is the store responsible for
robbing my money bad news
yeah yeah check if you can play on the
Xbox one they don't have the 360
apparently they're really hard to get
they have the game though I'm aged I
might buy the controllers in the game
here they don't have the system off say
no more okay yeah not Kendall Kendall
come in the vlog with me coming alright
guys so we're chilling we're about to go
to a show tonight
ramrod and performing I'm excited she
won't you won't see him because I'm not
vlogging it but should I get no no I'm
not blogging it guys I'm taking the day
off of vlogging no not calm slashaway
okay okay okay they heard it smash -
like what if you guys are excited for
the diss track to come out literally two
days smash like button if you don't know
who Mari meds is smash - like one for
any reason let's hit 35,000 likes guys
Kenzo smash the like button if you like
puppies because puppies are cute and Ken
Zoe's here
comment down below Ken's o ke n zo zo
for all you Americans and I will see you
guys soon on mobile we stay a little
more savage in my main channel and as
always be this way
stay savage leggo
