good morning and yo let's get your boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy I woke
up late today I don't feel good I think
I'm getting sick
but I just got a call from Bongo and
Shawn and they literally said they were
being mad sketchy on the phone they were
like yo Charlie we want you to come over
I was like hey I can't come over now
because I got a edit video but then
they're like no we need you to come over
to talk to you about something YouTube
related and any time we have something
that YouTube related like when we think
we found out something new about the
website that could benefit the rest of
us like I'm like kid dope obviously I
want to hear it but I'm like oh I can't
come I really got to get this video out
for the wolf family I love you guys so
much
yo we'll come over for like half an hour
and I'm like kbecque if you guys want to
come over come over so they're on their
way right now I have no idea what's
about to happen but smash the like
button let's hit thirty five thousand
likes on today's vlog because it is
another beautiful Auto blah blah hit the
like button today with your neck right
here see if you can hit the like button
with your neck you got five seconds to
do a wolf and boom bow bow anyways
they're gonna be here in like two
seconds let's get it you know Shawn and
the bongo pulled up to my house they
said we need to talk this Chuck yeah is
it a diss track on me Oh videos
unavailable song like that mmm
disappointing Chuck yeah here we go why
is the video not public and unlisted
it's private not unlisted alight what is
going wrong
I just woke up guys hit 35 thousand eyes
with our nose action
North last weeks of today is our elbow
your left elbow because yesterday was
right elbow
it's guys can ride main channel bit up
this is where I get my earlier
I hope you know pump both up if you say
anything let's go
you guys
when you pay your medical stick it all
breaks
oh my god
guys you just saw live with me
my homeboys dis yeah no no no boobies
again don't make sadly though big sacks
at one line though why don't you get me
shot - more wine - it's too expensive or
what okay so you guys say to here first
you guys are old team I will distract
100 percent coming soon I promise
like smash the lay but guys I'm dissing
them I'm dissing can chunks 100k 200k
you ever see that made your old big
shock because he stepped in the video
you know sorry do you see you need to
come over like we need to show you
something I'm like a guy at a main
channel video they're like no no you
need to show you feel like we can come
over and then this is what they whip up
chunks did it once is we just thought we
filmed it and we send it just did you
write your own stuff yeah mom whose
chunks is boy drugs his wife but your
honor I'm sorry about I didn't really
want to do that I gotta kill you all
we didn't buy the boys just left ah
literally I just got forced into doing
the craziest diss track of my life
because not because Ashley came at me
asked me I could handle with my pinky
finger like he's not a big issue his
verse was mediocre at best at best okay
I could have slaughtered him solo dolo
cuz you know they don't call me wolf he
raps for a reason but yet boys got some
bars but the fact that this guy got my
own boys to write this track with
ad-libs kind of professionally shot the
quality was kind of Dookie but it was
kind of professionally shot that got me
stirred up okay now I'm mad so I gotta
come
and to top things off guys look at the
weather outside ask you not it is fully
snowing everything is covered in snow
the side of my house is covered in snow
the barbecue is covered in snow today is
like one of the first snowfalls of the
year and like a lot of people in like oh
it's so beautiful go about know it's
freezing guys it literally is freezing I
don't like the snow because I've dealt
with it my whole damn life for someone
who comes from California or like
somewhere that's always warm I get it
okay the snow is kind of cool for like
the first maybe ten minutes you're here
then your feet start to get cold then
your toes start to get frostbite then
snow goes in your boot and you just want
to kill the world like it's not popping
and this vacuum needs to choke like why
do we have robots in 2017 that's
ridiculous anyways guys I'm gonna
continue editing for a bit I will be
back it shouldn't really matter for you
guys cuz vlog time like you're just
gonna see the next clip but just know
there's gonna be a few hours would be
grinding right now so let's get it so
guys today's vlog like honestly has not
really been like a regular vlog at all
just because when I woke up this morning
not like the last thing I was expecting
was this diss track to be dropped on me
and a lot of people are like tweeting at
me obviously they let yo Wolfie are you
like how you feel in bro or like there's
a lot of hate obviously towards me but
I've dealt with the worst you guys know
they have one point in my youtube career
I was getting fired up by like h3h3 my
dubs were saying some stuff and
PewDiePie all simultaneous we're out my
next so like I'm pretty sure I can
handle this situation it's like 3:00 in
the morning right now I'm probably not
gonna get too much sleep tonight because
after anything all day this is just
gonna be an update video guys to like be
where I was like no no I have to get the
mindset because like usually I just
talked about like dropping these diss
tracks and like I've been working on
someone that I was like yeah they're not
they're not really good enough but no
this one the reason I am gonna be coming
back I'm not gonna say whose head top is
because my own friends took gravitas
they took shots at me okay wasn't
expecting it they thought that I was
still going to be in LA
during the time that they dropped this
and they also thought or maybe this is
their plan who knows this could be a
conspiracy theory that big shock was
actually gonna be on the track when I
reacted to the track earlier big shock
was talking at the start of the video
which is cool or Michael DAPA
whatever you want to call him because
that's his actual name by the way guys
and he was not really on the track he
just said nose long like garden hose
okay it was it was like a banger way
that they used it but you guys need to
know that I came from rapping background
okay I have roots in the background of
rap and I also have Brian sways here
please baby we cooking up in the studio
right now like we are in the studio like
I have a mic here I have this video up
here I'm just trying to read every line
my computer's down here Ryan's is here
like for the past probably three to four
hours we've been working on some stuff
I'm not going to show you guys the beat
I'm not going to show you guys any of
the lyrics I want everything to be a
surprise to be honest but right now what
I am gonna show you guys is just because
I always talk about being positive and
staying happy and being savage blah blah
I'm going to show you guys this is like
a reading mean comments but I'm not
reading comments on my video this is
like a sneeze fans I'm not gonna call by
his youtube name his name's ask me bro
your name's asked name like officially
like that's your meme bro you're walking
me okay
so I'm gonna read some of your comments
and I've posted a video but now you made
me mad so I'm gonna read some of the
comments of the people that obviously
some people don't even know who I am and
they're talking I'm gonna use it to
motivate me to write the hardest lines
that I've ever ruined my life
so without further ado let's let's go
read some of these comments alright guys
so if we scroll down we see the top
comment obviously is by ask me this
should be asked me I don't know why it
says that name
he says Wolfie why why did you sneak
your guys you don't know this is the
course that he that he had then we have
my comment was big Shaq too expensive to
get on track has a bunch of likes and a
lot of hate comments 284 hate comments
to be specific so let's let's click on
that button and read some of these woo
there we go
147 likes more wolfy all talk no action
that is actually something
because I've been saying I'm gonna drop
a bunch of diss tracks and never have
but this time I promise
obeyed on it with your spongebob dick
it's good riddance you're old and
everybody talked about me is gonna get
some okay that's all you need to know
says don't get rice going on your track
to level this that's none of my business
more expensive than your garden hose
knows all you can afford is speak I used
to JJ fish okay that's good it's a
brackets Oh brackets right don't kill me
what no that's not talkable money but
all I know is that Ashley could even
afford to get his boy to get on this
track so that's enough that's enough
said whoopee why spit those bars well if
you will see what you have and this guy
said will not wheel so that comment is
now over just gonna keep going through
these comments I think these are replies
to me oh my god Team Alpha relevance is
this the real ask me eight where's David
where's Dustin what is DS you have
answers for those right guys so much but
you got Dustin don't even think about
roasting you keys bro I got em on your
head top looks like ask me how's the
pumpy check the statistic I this is my
favorite comment guys I don't even know
what people him so my name wrong is
wrong so there's that chunks on the
come-up reputation wall used to back
wolfie ryan bounced back it wouldn't
help them because they just got bodied
listen jasmine
talk more talk more jasmine and i'm
gonna get a lot of you heard you were
sleeping with a shady fish will he's in
serious trouble now I like these
comments guys so what are the Wayne's
shit won't be come here okay I love
these comments this low-key fire this
honestly the song was fire I gotta give
it that mod thing get this on training
you on Canadian trending cuz that's all
of these you can get on my business I
don't know why Wolfie would leave elbow
for tragically album
is the best yes he is laughs - like
that's the comment guys
why is everyone coming at me why do you
want to body be with Zia thinking
relevant is be luke rap so he would have
had a dead man he came I laugh - I
called you a goon bro like I called you
a good for like half a second be lose
off to you for three minutes straight
like you is literally dying but again
that's none of my business we're just
gonna read a few more comments guys cuz
like honestly this is making me heated
and these are gonna like motivate me to
make better bars for sure now this is
fire a wolf you got buried chunks just
broke YouTube's tunic a is not breaking
YouTube by any means that's definitely
for sure straight fire here big chunks
you my brother wolfy there ain't no
coming back from this one homeboy wolfy
and Ryan you've done so ok you're wack
bro anyways so those are some of the
comments guys and now I'm gonna give you
a background on the situation very
quickly cuz I don't even know the
situation to be honest I just know that
this guy asked he dropped something on
me for all you people that are like
confused on what's been going on like
the past couple videos he dropped
something on me out of nowhere because I
reacted to one in this video ok it
wasn't even a negative reaction I've
always reacted to videos and it was like
you know like typical wolfy reaction
video but I was so low
cuz Ryan left LA I know he was busy
doing something so I had to fill in my
own that night
anyways I reacted to him he made a funny
video I reacted to that video because
you know gotta get these views you feel
me it was funny ok I thought everything
was done but he's like you know 15,000
likes and I'm gonna drop a discharge on
Wolfie and I'm gonna get a big shock in
it and I was like hey I love the song
man's not hot oh loved I loved the song
until I played it a thousand times until
this guy only has that one song then I
don't love it anymore
so I love the song loved and I was just
like hey like words big Shaq dissing me
would be dope so i'ma show this guy and
get him more likes so I stole all the
wolf em because you guys are savages I
was like go like his video so he can
make the diss track I thought it was
gonna be a ski a big Shaq never in my
life that I think it was gonna be album
cuz they've been talking about it we
should like we should like make songs
for a minute like for like probably like
two three months and I was like yeah
yeah like
eventually eventually but then I was in
LA so literally this morning you guys
saw the footage they put they pulled up
to my house bondo and charm and it was
like so random cuz I had no clue they
wanted to talk about they pull up this
video before it even drops and they're
like yeah this is what it is like and I
reacted to it you guys saw the reaction
it was fun the whole thing is I was mad
confused as I was like what the like I
didn't know Sean could rap I knew John
perhaps that was confusing to me
I knew Bono could kinda rap so when Sean
came in I was very stressed cuz I think
he was the first person that came in and
then thank God DJ didn't come in because
I know DJ can rap he might come in after
what I'm about to do to him for no
reason
Dustin was not in it Silvia was not in
it that would have been really bad but
yeah that's so good
yeah but she can't rap so I'm like yeah
yeah yeah I'm supposed to give you guys
ideas anyway reacted to it and now we
are in the fire in the booth coming up
with some heat so that's like the whole
background situation on the story guys
if you're asking whether or not this is
fake a real beef I'm gonna get that
question right now and say this is 100%
real like no no holds barred will be
down okay I loved our bow I still have a
little part in my heart problem okay so
yeah I love them love them to death they
have a place in my heart but at the end
of the day become a little feet I leave
me no choice I'm just gonna have to come
back to you but that's where we're at
eyes up now 3:30 in the morning I'm
probably gonna go to bed soon because I
need sleep if you guys are excited for
this this track or whatever it is music
video no no I'm not gonna say too much
go down and smash that like button also
make sure to comment down below who you
want me to come out do I'm gonna come
out DJ and destiny even though they
weren't in the song David was in the
song by the way I don't know if you saw
him do his big DJ post even though
they've got a small dick so I think he
deserves a little 1/2 line who knows you
guys let me know and I will get it done
if you want me to get it done because as
that guys said with the top comment
Wolfie is all talk no action so I'm
about to show you guys that I act
about that later anyways I'm gonna end
the vlog off there dark guy out dead cuz
Ryan keep playing this thing we gotta
get back to work
I love you guys so much do not think
your boy Wolfie is holding that out for
long I'm holding it right now who will
take me out but just know I'm handing it
off like a baton okay this is a
400-meter sprint toss it's it's a
marathon I don't you know what I was
saying cuz it's a marathon not a sprint
but I just said it's not a race anyways
I'm handing the baton off it's gonna be
heat get ready the next couple vlogs are
gonna be insane anyways I'm gonna end up
there if you enjoyed I'm just rambling
on now guys I'm tired
I love you guys so much I'll see you
guys soon on mobile to where we stay a
little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage leggo
