come look at my hair good morning and yo
what's gonna super wolfy welcome back to
everyday goofy dog today we got Prince
with me yeah yeah yeah hyper Prince
hyper grace
sit down stand up come here lay down
okay you're boring right now me and
Prince just woke up from cuddling all
night this guy did not want to get out
of bed when he had to go on his walk
this morning he almost bit Tara so it
was pretty bad but today we're gonna see
a different wolfy I'm going to go get my
hair done right now I actually was
successful in getting an appointment in
the morning so so I'm off to that right
now smash the like button right now
let's hit 35,000 likes will your nose
hurry up will fam boom boom we'll hit
that like button right now because I am
nervous okay haven't changed my hair up
I've been keeping it simple for the
longest time just been growing it short
cutting it growing it short cutting it
I've been growing it out a bit fading
the sides and now I'm gonna get twist
don't know what they're gonna look like
on me don't really care cuz I'm down to
experiment guys life is all about
experimentation job ties you got to do
what you're not comfortable doing step
party a comfort zone right Prince that's
what we're doing sometimes you just
gotta shake like a dog and not eat your
food in the morning cuz that's all he
does every freaking morning I'm nervous
guys I'm not gonna lie don't know what
it's gonna look like might keep this hat
on for like the next but you guys
already know the classic wolfy vlogs are
back if I'm in Ottawa means I'm driving
50 percent of the time which means I'm
listening to music and rapping 50
percent of the time so get used to it
this is solo carpool karaoke when I was
a youngin mama beat me with a belt every
day she gets what i'ma do with myself my
soda
I wanna get rich and get out somebody
else's trying to stack a couple notes
hey the daily Prince drop off good boy
that's you are you running yeah I run to
the door under the door good boy that's
your brother whoa whoa whoa the other
brothers missed each other
oh you guys just pulled up to the mall
as I get closer and closer I'm actually
not nervous about this I'm thinking
about turning back and going home but no
I got to do a little fam I already told
you guys I'm gonna do it so it's at the
end of this friggin mall right here just
parked hey gang squad just saw some kids
there there yeah we're going inside
let's get it alright guys so the process
is done I'm not gonna raise the camera
above here because I want to keep it a
surprise to that's done and the sides
are still not faded so once I get the
side of my hair faded as well I think
it's gonna look sick but we're actually
doing this
alright guys the reason the camera is so
close is because I got my hair done dead
for the leap okay I might regret doing
it a bit but like I'm sticking strong
with my guns I'm not gonna change it up
it looks different for sure so you're
gonna have to get used to it leaving the
hump it's what you think sure me as much
as you walk because I already know I'm
gonna get chirp for this but I'm trying
something new I think I'm gonna go to
the store and dye the tips blonde so I
look like a soccer player that that's
the plan I want to see the boys reaction
already FaceTime Dryden so via and
they're like Ryan kind of likes it but
kind of doesn't like it Silvio's like
whatever Wow okay here it is guys the
reveal screw it I don't care boom this
is what I look like guys it's it's
different for sure I want to get the
sides faded as well cuz I think that'll
make it look nicer especially when the
hair dye is in too so I don't know tell
me what you guys think is it nice is it
not nice even if it's not nice tell me
it's nice to boost my confidence because
my confidence is actually low for the
first time in my life right now I feel
weird feel different but change it up
screw it guys Yolo I'm keeping this for
a minute
I also picked up from the store some
beeswax so I can keep twisting it and
some shower caps cuz the girl said do
not shower or do not wash it because if
you wash it it's gonna come out and then
you're gonna have to redo it and I just
paid that money for nothing so I mean
let's look at this I'm just looking at
myself again the camera viewfinder this
is hilarious what the fuck am i doing
who knows Yolo
ah I'm up to something what the hell why
are you following me
guys I just went to the jeweler and then
when look who went to the thrift store
smaller jackets like lately oh I'm gonna
die to the tips I know guys look at this
they actually literally are here where
are you going for Charles our grandson
that's all I come out of the jeweler
here they come out of the first store
come on - two minutes don't worry about
it
younger me is younger me is not hatred
2015 Wolfie is reached oh my god what am
i doing what am i doing time to get the
boys reaction of my hair who is it
yes DJ right now yeah yeah Billy Shawn
no dadier yo job bro
guys I'm still getting used to this hair
I don't know I don't know how I feel
well yeah but depending on how jad
reacts is how confident I'm gonna be
about this hair yo John come look at my
hair touch them they're like dry how
long did that take like literally like
40 minutes guys
time to dye them so guys for today's
hair dyeing we're gonna use the triple B
triple B in Garnier olia it's one of my
favorite products ever and guys can you
please spare me okay I know the hair is
different it's a lot to take in
we get it okay I do know that I look
like the girl from Orange is the new
black I know I look like this girl right
here okay some would say I also look
like one of the Simpsons I kind of have
like Lisa Simpson hair if you will
anyways I've dyed my hair before now
when when dyeing your hair you always
want to read the instructions because I
actually don't know how to do this if
this is the main channel video these
would be ripped up but I'm pretty sure
have to mix a few things there's two
options option one option two or option
let's not read so there's one thing
called three one thing called two and I
think this is the bleaching itself I
screwed up because you're supposed to
dot like if I wanted everything to go
smoothly I was not supposed to mess with
my hair after it's already been twisted
I was supposed to get my hair dyed and
then twist it after but I don't really
follow the rules so this is could
probably end horribly wrong comes with
gloves so let's pop these open and pop
these on but I think these I like made
for little little people oh these are
actually kind of big I'm gonna get the
large bag oh yeah great gloves good
quality so I'm gonna mix everything
together the bleaching powder with the
this one you guys know that one and we
also have this one it's very important
that if you're making a makeup video you
have to put a hand behind the product so
that it focuses and it's actually
working guys so imma mix them all
together and then see what's going on my
hair is like it's like super hard is it
drei I can't shower anymore mrs. OH
let's go yo dude do you before you come
around the corner did you know I changed
my hair up ya know I'm dying right now
are you gonna die looks like there's a
bunch of bushes I alright we're both
gonna die hair blonde 2015 Dave's back
let's get it okay so we mixed oh my god
this camera angle is de okay alright so
we mixed all the colors now we're going
to shake it up a bit and it's gonna
start exploding so we're gonna take off
this cap unscrew it it's already late I
think starting to explode and give it
another shake we should be wearing
gloves just cuz it's gonna die your skin
if you don't well I don't really care
I'm gonna put it right in my hands I
don't really wear gloves when I dyed my
hair I've done this enough times to know
what's going in and then this should
just be what the conditioner after color
care but that's all because I can't wet
my hair it's one of these and now all I
have to do is essentially take this
mixture of everything that I mixed I
know all the hair people are cringing at
home because I'm not doing this properly
but what the why is powder coming out
guys this is the consistency you want
the mixture to look like nice little oh
yeah on that cream tip so now I'm just
gonna add a little bit to each tip of my
hair and time-lapse this part and I'll
be back in a bit guys wish me luck by
the way you don't have to watch we'll be
back
hair is all dyed now we just have to
wait definitely we regret doing this
whole thing started from the start is
what it is we're too deep in to give up
now guys so we gotta wait then like 40
minutes the hair is just starting to
turn a little bit blunt on the tips but
it's still not good enough guys so I'm
probably just gonna leave it in I know
it ruins your hair and I know it's super
bad for your hair but I don't really
care
that's I'm a doctor look at that the
thing is I don't care dread head is kind
of dead head anyway so I'm nice chunks
I'm coming at your fucking head top bro
and you Michael dapper because the man's
is not
anymore I mean he used to be hot but the
man's literally not hot so what's good
anyways I forgot my laptop at my house
so I think me and they were gonna go
back to my house for a bit and BJ is in
town this guy's about to Ebor up pull up
swerve and he's gonna be here so then
all of our Bulls here except for Shaun
but Shaun here oh so you know I hope my
hair is good good boy Prince Prince my
my face will be getting bit right now
this is DJ's Ken's oh yeah Canadian
Ken's on it yes yes check them out check
them out there you got a word for this
channel show them your face so I'll
teach you so yeah if you want to see
Kenzo meet Prince and Wolfie Wolfie
would be good cuz he's good with dogs
kind of Prince would try and bite his
head off so we're gonna see I'm actually
getting Sylvia later from the airport
and getting Prince and Wolfie
yes hey hey I know oh yeah
yes yo for all your dog trainers at home
never baby your dog like to baby
otherwise they'll be into it like Prince
and they're only moving on to day 2 of
the vlog guys I ended yesterday's vlog
and as you guys can see my hair is back
to normal it's a little bit died on the
top but last night literally I just
decided I have to take out the bleach
out of my freaking hair it was too much
obviously was ruining my hair so today
I'm gonna go back to the store go get
more hair dye that's how I'm gonna get a
different package cuz that stuff did not
bleach my hair I wanted it and I'm gonna
die just the tips to be like a blonde
dish or like a lightish Brown like a
golden brown so that's the first thing I
want to do and then maybe I'll get it
twisted either the next day or maybe
like a couple days after that my hair
clearly isn't long enough we saw what it
looked like it wasn't too hot so we're
gonna start with the dyeing process and
then keep the growing process until we
can actually get twists that are nice
and then if that doesn't work I'm
pulling a full Fetty WAP and getting
some short dreads implanted or like
weaved into my head just to see how it's
like cuz I just want like short ones
coming off the side like twists but kind
of dreads not long I don't know it's
super specific as you guys can see I
picked up a few watermelons I don't know
if I'm gonna do this today or tomorrow
but I have some crazy watermelon
experiment that I want to try it
probably in a blow you guys mind DIY God
is back ryan gets back into Ottawa today
which is good so I can fill in main
channel video with him just so much
stuff is moving fast pace here it's good
to get back into the swing of things the
schedule and have my own freakin car I
am it's like I miss my baby Kirk but my
mom kind of played me last night she
went to ball trying to pick up some
supplies for me and didn't have some so
now I actually have to go out and buy my
own supplies but I mean that's like what
would a Wolfie vlog be without me buying
supplies get out my hair and go and do
it stupid ship in Miami I'm up to
something I'm up to something
DIY God is also up to something else
geez guys today is gonna be a good day
literally a good day I you want to know
okay goodnight because it gets fucking
dark here at like 3 it's literally 3:30
p.m. and it is dark as hell but my stuff
that I just bought from the store cost
me 1194 but when the girl tapped into
the machine she only put 194 so I
basically
like two bucks to get what I just needed
to get so I made save you money right
sways it's a good day guys hope you guys
are having a good day too so I'm gonna
get your case
guys this is literally Davey's like one
of the best card players in the world
he's in phase so hit him okay
that's actually oh you got the triple I
feel like he's playing better cuz the
cameras on cuz he is honestly just
playing stop Dukey get some kills
get some quick scopes don't faze these
kid does watch the blogs fun fact this
is a pretty walk
he's a biggest wolf em watch watch watch
watch okay so alright guys just finished
filming now we're gonna die is here
again no no no no are you actually
blogging yeah what David said actually
we did just finish filming the main
channel video it's a banger stay tuned
for that but I went and I got different
hair dyes today this is this D plus plus
I think this is the bleached blonde you
can go the other one didn't work but if
you look on the side of the package it
says it turns this into this and this
into this so we might have to do two
times of these but it works the same as
the other one so basically you mix two
powders together with the bleaching
cream blah blah put in the top of your
hair my hair is uncurled so let's just
flood my hair it's fully in my head now
guys hopefully I didn't die too much of
my hair blonde but like realistically if
you mess up it's not recommended but you
can like dye your hair back to black or
brown whatever so now it's just like a
45-minute wait game so let's wait it up
holy strong as hell ten minutes my hair
is already turning blonde I need to take
it out very soon
Calvin's hanging out the police really
care guys just like Betty walk the
reason I got my hair and I really like
using this condition and guys look at my
hair it's like blonde but honestly it's
like it could be blonder I'm kind of
stressed so I think I'm gonna reapply it
because on the instructions on the box
it says if you want to go from this
color in this color
you die at once and I think it already
did that it's a caramel but it's uneven
and obviously shadow flu Ebola curled my
hair because my hair has been curlier
ever since you did that but I'm a
curling again but I'm gonna dye it again
mom I go to the boys house at night
because we're having like a little
powwow party no I was John's birthday
the other day Cho I showed up he wasn't
there it's his birthday party tonight so
we're going to the boys house everyone's
gonna be partying and I'm gonna be
shopping online and dye my hair leaving
the boys house in this car is covered in
ice guys like freezing rain the whole
roads are iced I do not you can't see
much but like everything is freezing
rain this is really bad the car is
covered in these guys this is ice what
the hell this is Canada alright guys so
we just got home from the boys house it
was a crazy night guys as you can tell
look at me I'm smiling right now I'm so
happy because everything went so well
you're probably wondering why my face is
moving
it's not actually me guys I prank you
okay I couldn't even see what was
happening right now but look at me look
at me look at me look at me that's just
a hint at the main channel video that's
coming up but I'm gonna end the vlog off
there guys
I'm actually super stoked about my hair
right now even though it's not in the
twist which I really really wanted soon
guys it's happening very soon and for
now the blonde came out like literally
perfect - exactly what I wanted so if
you enjoyed the vlog make sure to go
down and smash the like button let's hit
35,000 likes other vlogs they've been
killing it lately you guys have been so
supportive
wolfram do not forget to cop the merge
obviously Wolfie raps calm comment down
below happy birthday dad even though his
birthday's already passed this guy loves
birthday wishes let's give him a big
wolf fam love all the support we can and
I will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
in my main channel and as always stay
savage
