okay what if I told you we're going to
the dummkopfs you like it
useless pansy good morning Amy oh it's
good to wear Wolfie welcome back to more
Wolfie guys
today we've got another exciting vlog
for you do before we even begin the vlog
I need you guys to go down and smash the
like button let's hit thirty five
thousand likes in five seconds with your
knee okay ready take your phone get your
phone where it's at five four three two
so I still like one one okay
blast guys a lot happened in this blog
first of all let me say I hope you guys
are having an amazing day time it's day
hope you caught the new wolf your ass
merch well if you have stock on link in
description if you haven't already it
can late and a lot of you guys have been
asking me about where you can get this
jacket with the Canadian flag on the
side because I'm Canadian guys I gotta
represent with the logo on the front
with the wolfy raps calm on the sleeve
this is literally like explosive but yo
smash the like button if I should drop
it because a lot of you guys want to
know where to get it anyways in today's
vlog basically we started the day off
fine last night as you wanted to do like
a basketball video so we did so we did a
basketball video challenge that you
brought me out here to play some
basketball challenge guys literally I'm
supposed to be going to the NBA rookie
game no not rookie game what are they
what's a clock Rising Stars game so I
literally just got everything ready but
this guy's forcing me to do this
basketball challenge so I was like yo
I'm gonna do a basketball challenge I'm
gonna obviously wear my merch wolfy
laughs calm where you can buy the
hottest okay most average merch in the
absolute fucking planet your daddy
called me out here he's another you know
yeah let's get it here we go let's start
this game
it's still bad things it's a lot of bad
things that they wish I know it is you
know I mean I just kind of put two more
tries bro oh yeah not bad we were having
a good time playing basketball
everything was all fun and then
literally dad she decided y'all I want
to dunk on the net and even though dad
she's not tall
dad she almost died dunking time don't
break the net eh it's like ruff
and in the spirit of basketball after
playing basketball guys you already know
what it is its NBA all-star weekend so
Ryan loves basketball he's the best
basketball player on YouTube I had to
take my boy to the Rising Stars game but
things they go according to plan we are
off to the NBA all-star not all-star
rising star game cuz you got to give a
chance to the people that are gonna be
big in the future that's exactly the
only reason I'm going it's an investment
hopefully one of them's wolf and
hopefully he just calls me on the court
I don't know what's gonna go down but yo
I had ticket and desi didn't have a
ticket so dead jeering this one the
biggest he said yo let's fight three
tickets together so he really will have
to take it to me Ryan daddy's in the
fund of the all-star game why I much
rather see
I can't have sex in your childhood
biggest fail of lifetime guys we
literally bought tickets showed up to
the Staples Center to come to like the
Rising Stars game we're going to the
dunk off tomorrow I think but we're
gonna go check in on this game and
literally we bought three tickets
through an app I'm not gonna name any
name until I have everything figured out
we bought three tickets to an out and
then when we went out to the gate to
scan them after we over for an hour the
tickets had already been claimed and I
read on the tickets like there's no like
I don't know if there's refunds of shit
so basically we're literally at the
venue I got two more ticket because I
had a plug that got me more tickets but
there's three of us so now we can either
go home I can suck it up we don't know
what we're gonna do I'm out to you guys
in a bit but mad this is so why I might
go shoot a fucking basketball on this
board and call it a day uh like
literally me and Ryan wanted to go the
most edgy was like kind of like a last
minute team but he actually manned up
and he's like yo you guys just go and
he's gonna kick it like outside me and
Ryan actually made it in age I know I've
always wondered like had a game how they
get the camera angles and look at this
guy he's steady on one person the whole
time row one person the whole time oh my
god and they just switching back and
forth to team camera angles Bosh daddies
college guys I do not know what I'm
doing at this game I literally like saw
the names and I was like oh that's
Ronnie's the kill
but yo I was like I thought the Rising
Stars were like up-and-coming people to
come to the NBA they're legit people in
the NBA I'm stressed here we go
days though great king huai enemy are on
the court this B with the ball
or maybe oh I get it
I don't know this is the score or a
European shoe size no does he is a rich
this big God we're always good ticket
and they owe me what's the time left of
the game three minutes left in the game
Brian save your money is stressed
edgiest I can't believe I'm gonna tell
him where we are has done to the end of
the game oh here we go
oh the games over in desi still not here
guys spent $4 season say he's literally
playing the games over alright guys so
we're just leaving right now we just saw
big guys security or like who is it
would maybe weather comes like 10 feet
of us and then Ryan tries is gonna snap
and he gets his flashlight back in just
right so you can see it's night my
family this holy shop so we're coming
back hey guys so we're getting Starbucks
right now literally this is insane we
found edgy how was the game the two
minutes you're please rich now we're
getting off we got to get a picture guys
bro what is that what is that that's not
oh my god my god oh my god that is after
all of that NB a hassle it was bad guys
like literally I've never seen someone
paid $400 for three minutes of gameplay
I can't believe Daddy he's insane we got
home and we want to go out literally the
second we go home banks walks down the
stairs and banks is like I mean I'll
show you guys what happened holy so we
just got back to the house and literally
I was about I mean we ordered food
because you guys know my postmates trick
we ordered food as soon as we ordered
the uber know that the food came as soon
as the uber came as soon as the goober
dropped us off and we were just about to
get the food the bank's walks downstairs
a yo guys want to come out to dinner
it's on me I'm like nigga ok if it's on
you it's on you literally me and Ed you
were just setting off the double
monitors to play duel fortnight and he
said it right as we were doing that so
now we're going out to dinner I want it
to look nice I wanted to put on my rings
but because I was punching some shit the
other day my fingers are still too
swollen to put on my ring so all I'm
saying guys is how fresh do I look right
now I got my friggin white shoes right
here got my ripped jeans that I wear I
have multiple pairs by the way guys I
don't keep wearing the same pair and
then obviously the top lady a flag got a
rep that the Wolfie raps calm on the
pokken side nobody's out here looking as
fresh as me with this shit that's all
I'm saying guys I'm so fucking sexy
holy hell you got to love yourself
daddy's about to pay Diane some pepper
is cash I don't even score more than
that you know starting September see you
miss the pose
here come the Caesars
so we took this to dinner basically if
we flopped on going out we flopped on
the party if you follow my snapchat you
would have known that if you don't
follow my snapchat so right here on the
screen or wolfy wraps or the wolf emoji
you already know today's add your boy
but today is a new day and today I am
going to be surprising Ryan again if you
guys have not followed my past like week
and a half of vlogs you played yourself
for as well but yo since two years ago
Ryan has been talking to me about how he
wants to go to the next NBA all-star
dunk off like he doesn't care what the
all-star game because if you guys know
anything about like sports and the
all-star game it's literally just for
fun no one really takes the game serious
because they don't want to get injured
for the season and stuff like that so
it's like a joke scheme but the dunk off
and the three-point competition and the
skills competition is when everyone goes
off right now the Olympics is going on
things are competitive everything's
heated me and Ryan have tried every
single way to get a ticket for this
event and everything has flopped so far
literally yesterday because of the
mishap with our tickets we actually got
hooked up with two tickets so I got a
ticket and I'm gonna surprise Ryan
that's what today's vlog is about trash'
light bun guys cuz it's gonna be amazing
with one of his like dream events to go
to like literally like this is like him
paying for me to go to Justin Bieber it
like front-row ticket literally we got
the best seats we could possibly have
gotten with the timeframe we had so Ryan
is out for breakfast right now I gotta
look fresh for this event because
everyone is trying so hard I got NBA
all-star weekend literally everyone
looks like a basketball player so I
think I'm gonna go get my hair cut right
now I'm also gonna have to redo my twist
cuz I'm a beat maan right now Prince
you're gonna do them Sylvia's gonna have
to redo my twist because I didn't make
an appointment I did tell her this yet
Prince he's gonna have to be old and I'm
gonna have to cut his hair because even
though he's not coming out everything
that matters you got to give back to
those who love God's plan challenges
that's why he loves me guys anyways
let's go get my hair cut first of all I
gotta finish my coffee all right I'm - I
bullied okay actually before I go to get
my hair cut I have to stop by the cloud
house because I gotta go pick up some
clothes for tonight I don't think I'm
gonna be able to be at the house from
now until the rest of the night so I got
to pick out a few outfits just in case I
want to switch on what I'm wearing bun
fat right here on this three yesterday
right around this corner when we were
driving really we saw like a brigade of
cars and I thought it was like the
president or some shit there was like a
Rolls Royce a Rolls Royce
a Lambo a police car another police car
it was literally insane but then in the
first rolls-royce we saw Chris Brown and
then in the second car it was Kendrick
and then there was Travis Scott like
literally I don't know where these guys
are going I wish I was invited to the
party no this one's but yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo
my room shit show last night guys look
at how clean my room is now shout out to
the maids oh my god everything is so
organized I'm in love right now this is
amazing they even like do they fold my
clothes no no no no they fold my clothes
holy shit real MVPs my bathroom my
restroom yeah pretty pretty good um one
of the things I list was to freakin
clean my room today and now I don't need
to clean my room today so we're chillin
right
okay now this every girl's worst
nightmare going through the clothes and
figuring out what you're about to wear I
sort of bring this little Gucci shirt
because why not I don't think I've worn
that oh gotta bring the Cologne so I
could smell nice I might bring the
ginger I can't do I want so jean jackets
always vibe I'm gonna figure this out
guys when you forgot to bring your bag
so you have to use a garbage bag to pack
your clothes relatable and the moment of
truth guys do my rings fit as you guys
know my fist was pretty swollen but I
mean this is let's see if this can
actually work because this would
complete my outfit middle finger ring
Wolfie logo on it Oh guys trying my best
here it's not working okay looks like
we're not swagging out with the Rings
today we're just gonna have to put this
one over here which is a little big and
then go with the three combo dress guys
I didn't know I had to come here at the
fresh cuts out on my boy are we all star
ready weekend ready
my friend dude I'm about to get my twist
redone Sylvia's gonna do it and then me
and Ryan are about to go let's get it
shit shit shit shit shit okay guys
change of plans I can't get my hair
twisted literally it's 249 right now
Ryan just informed me that the dunk off
and the dunk competition is at 5 o'clock
and downtown is really packed like it's
an hour away
so essentially like I literally just
don't have time to get my hair twisted
right now which is unfortunate I wanted
to get it done but at least I got one of
the two things done so I'm on the way
back to the house right now
to pick up some food and then I gotta go
to Sylvia so this is quick shit shit
Maya Ryan so where do you think we're
going bro yeah um you told me the dress
up and you said we're going to dinner a
fancy dinner dinner with desi I told you
to hurry up yeah cuz we're missing the
all-star game so yeah this quick okay
what if I told you we're going to the
dumb cop throw 100 section 118 euro ten
no yeah we'll do it
we're doing it that he's not here it's
just us bro look where we are bro we're
down or closer I thought you're gonna
roll so like a certain kid it isn't a
prank Lewis the tickets we're actually
picking them up from the hotel right now
okay guys we got to go into the hotel
you got to take I feel it shot we'll see
guys I just think
we got them ran just in the buck in the
bathroom I'm going to give
second time bro this'll be the deadliest
if we came downtown just for a prank see
well I know you I've known you for years
you would do this much let's just see
what it is oh you played yourself let's
see what is it Pete these these are grow
eleven real tickets visit where's that
you played yourself at oh my god tickets
but you know they're not 700 they were
like resale value like regrab a ticket
us ticket holy thank you thank you we
have to go right now guys literally the
event is like right there we gotta get
running
braum speechless alright guys gotta
cheat your friends sometimes yeah he's
been talking about it for months I was
like hey you know what nigga I'll
fucking get you the tickets out of
lettuce head in for a little bit bro
sorry daddy I couldn't bring you but
Ryan's my day one so I had to bring him
and now we are going to the event
hopefully I'll get some good shots for
you guys I mean it's gonna be dope we're
gonna be mad clothes I got camera zoom
so let's get it drink scotch plan
challenge give back we're just gonna
chill for a bit I'm gonna snap follow me
outside wolf your apps and then I'm
gonna update you guys in a bit but like
nothing's really popping right now
hello paratus everyone is that our rug
there is
we
and so maybe over here
so your YouTube channel our YouTube
channel Oh bro let's give you the icy
streams on ps4 so don't drive to him he
makes lip videos I approve this guy
alright guys so that pretty much wraps
up the NBA all-star slam dunk skills
competition three-point competition and
then like the break dancers and the
cheerleaders and stuff it was don't like
it useless pansy um I made you snapchat
of the whole thing now we are literally
heading out of downtown actually a good
thing I thought we were gonna be out of
like 11 o'clock so we couldn't do
anything tonight if you want to see what
the rest of the night has to offer
obviously add me on snapchat wolf your
apps or just the wolf emoji we are gonna
be turning the fuck up tonight so it's
gonna be insane it's gonna be insane I
can't vlog yet guys we gotta keep that
off you it's not even over like I'm sad
but I can go to bed well the night is
just starting smash the like button if
you made it this far in the vlog that's
at 35,000 lakes on this blog comment
down below something I don't even know
figure something clever and I'll
laughing I like your comment comment
down below live life live life live I
don't know and I will see you guys soon
on where we stay a little more Sam's on
my main channel and as always love you
guys so much a savage
