oh my god 3 2 1 boom Oh what is this
good morning ay yo what's good boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy guys as I'm
sure you already know where the I'm
going surprise surprise surprise good
morning to you guys it's like 4:00 in
the morning date up all night then go to
sleep last night but smash the like
button if you guys are excited because
look at this whose age that that air
canada we going home baby like i said in
like a vlog ago basically next week is
american thanksgiving or like a week and
a half but i was just like you're gonna
go home anyways because everyone's going
home for Thanksgiving I'm gonna go home
a week earlier just to like get grounded
I feel like I haven't been like grinding
as hard as I usually have I want to get
back to that because everything's still
getting sorted out in the house the
house is gonna be like done soon other
than that
I miss Sylvia I miss my dawgs I miss my
family everyone so I just gotta go
Ryan's here we booked the flight let's
get it cheese guys we're really doing
this it's low-key kind of dead in the
airport though because it's so damn
early we might have came a bit too early
but like Ryan said like five minutes ago
better early than late cuz you never
know how long it takes you to get
through security there's probably gonna
be a security line I hate the airport to
be honest gate 69 okay some of the stuff
makes sense that they sell to go onto a
plane but I mean like a sewing kit what
day are you mine alright guys so after
two painfully long flights your boy is
in Ottawa it's in cold
I'm waiting on Sylvia to pick me up he
was supposed to be here but she's not
here but I'll let it slide because I
haven't seen her in so long super
excited I told her to bring the dogs
haven't seen them in longer than I
haven't seen her in so I don't even know
if they're a memory at this point
usually when I face timer they used to
remember my voice but now they don't
really remember my voice it's sad it's
sad it's that though she's driving my
car here because there's more space I
got a bunch of stuff to put in it and
apparently it's John's birthday too
I'm terrible at birthdays I don't know
anyone's birthday other than like
Sylvia's in my own and my brother my
sister's sometimes I don't know my own
mom and my dad's so I'm terrible with
that but I'm probably gonna go stop by
the boys house too because you know
every time I come back to Ottawa I gotta
go see everybody the first day so
Sylvia's gonna pick me up gonna see the
boys my parents don't know that I'm back
I told Sylvia not to tell my parents so
hopefully she didn't tell my parents but
so viennese a hurry up because look
I don't know if you can see it in the
camera but put it this way I can see my
own breath Ottawa's old I'm ready to go
back to LA already to be honest this is
where Silvia should be coming like down
this whole hall but I haven't seen it
yet
come on Sofia you're slacking I'm guys
I'm gonna pack myself up one sec guys
you have no idea how excited I am to be
back because a we have pizza pizza here
you don't have that in the States that's
probably one of my favorite meals ever
like I just got pizza because I have
been craving it all day I don't care
about diet wolfy today I haven't eaten
today at 7 p.m.
yeah and the dogs are going insane the
dogs are going and say guys we just
showed up to my mom and dad's house I
think my sister just left yesterday to
go to like Lithuania or some forever so
I don't think anyone's there because my
brother doesn't come here often so I
think it's just my mom my dad so they're
probably lonely but let's go surprise
them they have no idea I'm home so he's
gonna scream the doorbell they're gonna
come to the door I got the dogs here
I'm so excited there's no to do
Charles is trying to put on your dog's
jacket and he felt I'm Mandi don't help
me yo ah alright yeah yeah welcome to
the daily struggle here take that off
first printed ready for you goggles over
this part like come on daddy hurry up
and do it this the chest was like a V
like this the whole this goes goes where
his head is his head goes in the hole
but it's a play down right now
ten years later we'll tell you how
Charlie done
I just put Prince's thing on lying on
alleged to you so you let's go surprise
boys so I just pulled up to the boy's
house
I only see Dave's car at the front so I
don't even know if they're home but I'm
gonna give it a go just ring the
doorbell and see if anyone answers cover
the camera so I can see I don't think
anyone's home though I think they went
somewhere it's not like if you when you
try to surprise your friends but they're
not I played myself one more time oh
here we go I think they're home guys
just kidding guys they didn't actually
greet me like that I came to the boys
house shut the up Wolfie and action
are you done and I actually wanted to
surprise you guys cuz yesterday in
yesterday's vlog I don't know if I
mentioned it but I wanted to get an
iPhone X me and Fraser were like Kraven
getting an iPhone X randomly we looked
everywhere on Craigslist we message
probably like five or six people no one
messes back but literally on the Play
Drive before I came home to Ottawa I
messaged my girl and I was like yo can
you find me an iPhone she's like yeah
and this just like that I have an iPhone
X so I have an iPhone X 256 gigabyte
Space Gray still in the package with the
receipt hopefully it's not a fake
hopefully it's not a scam I've never
really bought something that expensive
off of Kijiji it cost me two grand
Canadian okay cuz I know I think they
come up to like 1700 and then you have
to wait three to four weeks once you get
them but I was like you know I'm gonna
spend an extra 300 cuz I need it now as
you guys know my phone screen is it's
broken so I'm going to open it up this
is gonna be like a Wolfie unboxing and
I'm amped about this because hopefully I
don't break this screen I need to go get
a case tomorrow and I need to go get a
screen protector tomorrow Wolfie are you
excited about the athlean-x sit and look
at me if you are good boy Prince sit if
you're excited
okay you know I said all right guys so I
am home now I have my dog Wolfie here
he's gonna do the unboxing of the new
iPhone X with me basically here is what
the box looks like a close-up for you
guys that haven't seen some unbox video
for some reason this is the front this
is the side it's the 256 gigabyte one
I'm gonna do the peel porn very slow for
you guys because I know a lot of you
guys at home appreciate this but then
some of you guys don't even like taking
off the plastic so here we go this is
just the initial wrapper you can hear
that sound nice luxurious out of the
iPhone X okay Wolfie watch out so we
took that off but that's not even the
best peel part cake video this is what I
like about all iPhones basically as soon
as you unbox it Apple and this is gonna
make me sound like the biggest Apple
fanboy in the planet but Apple boxes
their stuff to the perfect dimensions I
don't know if you guys have ever bought
iPhones but the box of iPhones is the
most satisfying thing to open because
when you lift this part off it literally
just glides off so peep this this is the
perfect fit oh my god to the point where
it when you put it back on okay that was
not as satisfying as I planned but look
it's it falls back into position by
itself so we're gonna take this part off
on each guys I've been wanting this
phone since it came out I know it's
smaller and I'm team big phone cuz of my
7 plus but here we go check this out we
got this part on top we're just gonna
lift it in 3 2 1 boom oh no no no no no
what is this what is this broken phone
what is this scam gonna be what is this
guy's
this ain't no iPhone exists a broken 7
plus finish background and it's
glitching I keep wanting to turn off
what is this I'm joking I'm joking guys
for the iPhone X is right here I put in
my old phone in the box but just look at
that how weird our phone is that it
doesn't even have a freaking home button
there's no home button the camera is
completely different it's on its side I
don't really know what to think of that
but just in comparison to the 7 plus
this is gonna be a super view this
the size difference so I'm pretty sure
it's the size of just a regular six it's
definitely shorter and then width wise
it's actually all this is garbage a
little bit thinner than the iPhone 7
plus definitely gonna take some getting
used to because it took me so long to
get used to the seven plus but it just
glides right out of the box it's not
stands on the box I'm already getting
fingerprints off it but no worries tall
you peel porn people that don't even
like taking that off I'm gonna take it
off right now listen to this oh my god
that is satisfying I'm about to drop it
but here we go one more low key the
reason I don't treat myself good is
partially because of Casey nice hat
I remember watching one of his vlogs
this guy was like yo if you treat your
camera fragile all the time you're not
gonna get the shot that you want to get
so I just go by that model and like
anything I buy I'm just rough with it
off the start like I'll probably be
chucking this phone not because I don't
care about it but just because if I care
about it too much I know I'm gonna drop
it and I might not get a nice picture
when I want to get a nice picture
because what if I'm trying to sit off
the edge of a mount and get a picture
but I don't want to do it you know what
I mean relatable anyways we have the
phone here you saw the dimensions comes
in the box
with the charger the cube that everyone
loses like I'm sure everyone has lost
one of these cubes at some point
definitely it comes with this dongle
which is the dongle that pisses me off
because of the headphone jack there is
still no headphone jack on the bottom of
these just like the old phone I think
the cameras a beast I think these are
wired headphones these aren't even the
ear pods so I'm stressed that it doesn't
come with those by default and then it
comes with a charger as well let's turn
this bad boy on
oh yeah it's turning on okay I thought
this one was supposed to be fast but
that's none of my business
hello probably the same startup screen
as everything else except there's no
button depressed I was just about to
press a button to friggin pass by this
and there's no button to press this is
so weird so I think you just swipe up
instead of doing that insert a valid sim
oh yeah I need to put myself right in so
I'll swipe up English we got all this
same stuff that you set up any Apple
iPhone so I'm just gonna go through all
this and then I'll be right back but the
screen guys people were saying the
screen is the same size of the seven
plus and the reason the screen is the
same size is because the
green literally goes to the top and the
bottom of the phone whereas this screen
has so much dead space here and here
because of this front camera and because
of the button but this one still has a
front camera it just was like super
convenient about it crazy so guys I was
trying to set up the rest of the phone
and the next thing that came up was the
face ID so I'm pretty sure that's the
first thing that pops up I don't even
know if this phone has the touch ID I
would assume it doesn't because it
doesn't have the button to touch it but
we're just gonna continue with this face
ID how to setup face ID first position
you're facing the camera frame then move
your head in circle oh this this is so
weird yes this is going so don't watch
me do this
okay let's see first face ID scan
complete
don't hack me guys I don't don't print
out a cardboard cutout and get my face
move your head slowly then complete the
circle oh oh oh that's getting mine
double chins and everything face ideas
how is it set up just like that what the
hell okay I'm gonna make my passcode
quick now I have a passcode passcode set
up okay now I got to restore my settings
from iTunes guys look at how quick this
face ID identification is like literally
I I set up the phone everything's ready
and as you can see on the top of the
phone there's a lock you can see that
there's a lock on the top right kid is a
lock hold up essentially as soon as I
put my face in front of this camera it
unlocks so right now I try and swipe up
it says nah you need face ID if I just
go boom boom it's unlocked you can see
the unlock it's like instant from like
any angle if I just literally bring the
phone down here and it sees the top of
my head it unlocks and I've seen a lot
of people hack this twins obviously you
can hack this which is crazy because
twins have the same face if you're
identical twins not fraternal twins so
you can hack into your twins phone and
I've also seen some people with similar
faces that it works for but I'm gonna
try it and see if my friends can get
into my phone with their face I don't
think they're gonna be able to get in
because I don't think anyone looks like
me Ryan's ways but he's definitely like
worse looking at me for sure like that's
a fact but Bongo and and Dave are gonna
be coming out and about with me today so
I'm gonna try it with them throughout
the day other than that I didn't update
my iOS so everything else should be the
same about the phone
like I don't really know let's see how
loud the volume is do they have my music
it's already logged in my Apple music to
be honest the music sounds like the same
loudness yeah can I change the setting
of like the volume because honestly that
sounds like the exact same if not
quieter than the 7 but it might be
quieter than 7 plus guys sound I think
it's the loudest I'm stressed no guys I
literally just found my first flaw on
the phone it's stressing me out like
crazy because honestly I'm the type of
guy that needs to see my battery
percentage and if you look at the phone
like it doesn't show battery percentage
it literally just shows the bar so like
you can tell like if you're kind of
running out of battery but you don't
know the exact state that your phone's
at so I was just looking through all the
options and I literally it got to the
point where I needed to go onto a
YouTube video and look up how to see my
battery percentage because it doesn't
exist in the settings you have to either
ask Siri or swipe down from the bottom
right hand corner or the top right hand
corner and you can see it there because
there's not enough space on the phone
because of this black part in the middle
with the camera and everything that you
cannot see the battery percentage so
that works and then hey Siri what
current battery percentage is my phone
at this is asshole 96% but it's just
annoying but one of the things I do like
about this phone though is when you go
into the settings of wallpaper you can
go to choose new wallpaper and there is
live wallpapers that move which are
super dope because that's how like they
initially advertised the phone so I'm
just gonna pick this one live photo
press about on screen to animate oh my
god hold on set both this could be dope
as hell let's see if this works
you're still gonna use this phone this
phone is gonna take a while to get used
to let's lock my phone I just took a
friggin picture and when you take a
picture it pops up in that bottom corner
I don't know that that was kind of weird
lock my phone unlock my phone let's see
if I hold this if it's gonna start
moving oh that is dope super unnecessary
but the fact that it moves is kind of
cool so that's one positive about the
phone but honestly that's my very short
review I'll let you guys know over the
next couple of logs how the phone is
because it's definitely gonna be a
change from this but I needed to change
I gotta fix the screen today so we're
going to the mall but it's gonna take
some getting used to for sure but after
like a week I feel like I'll have the
phone down and I'll be able to give you
guys like an in-depth review I'm not
only a tech channel or anything I'm just
a regular guy so you're gonna get like a
regular guy review you feel me but it's
time to go to the mall fix this phone
get a screen protector for the new phone
get a case for the new phone which by
the way wolf mu did you get ready
because I'm dropping these a phone cases
soon and I've been working on them
forever low key and they're so dope like
I'm so excited to drop those while we're
on that topic wolfy laughs calm go get
your merch literally the merge has been
doing so well lately so thank you to all
the wolf em I love you guys so much if
you bought the mercy of the real MVP
well for your ask.com go always blow
yeah David showed up alright the test I
thought that so you press the side
button and then this has to unlock last
yeah no no chill chill chill no it
doesn't work no exactly the words out
here chill chill bro my face use your
face actually want to see if it unlocks
not still locked that's still locked
still locked now let's heat it okay bro
let me get it's kind of the Lighting's
off give me that the Lighting's watch
how fast this is just worked it just
worked watch boom unlocked now your tail
at the cam no nothing nothing nothing
nothing but I can take your credit card
okay so David can't get in
next is Bongo Dustin's up actually for
second here we go bro doesn't still walk
this is ridiculous Sean's up broke is
right like right away it should unlock
okay this putting his nose up
it doesn't like people that's a pink
Ryan's the only one that can get in I
know still I think ball will have the
berry go here you're the same skin tone
you can't get in okay so guys what the
plan is today is before we go to the
Apple store I want to go to a store and
print out my face life-size to see if
that image can get me in my phone so
then we can see if we get hack it
because if we can hack it this phone's
hack like you need 3d man not even know
I have it i hack I can do that you can
do it 100 you do it okay chill with
plaster let's just do it and if that
doesn't work we will do plaster hit the
leg but this is a condition the phones
in guys are IP iPhone 7 here you know
what on your head tough break it a few
more times let's get it repaired the
next thing is a case I need for this bad
boy oh these are the ones that these are
guys just kind of beat though to be
honest 21 salvageable
tech21 i'ma get a case and a screen
protector
oh here there on the aged wolf fan pick
one
all right you pick program it definitely
wasn't was it up oh no we're giving the
satisfying compilation of the day oh yes
comedy to this but the screen protector
in peel porn
Oh
swipe King and then what is it lifting
watch this magic can you throw it in the
air but your mind blowing this is the
major key right here there we go look at
this can you feel that
Apple needs a chill suede bag be able to
sway back on there now that is a wolfy
phone it wasn't before now it has
character let's see the famous passcode
you can't get in you can't get anything
in it you can't get in bro you can't get
in no see oh yeah that's the passcode
you played yourself guys wireless
charging yeah you have a case on the
euro Wow doesn't work with the kids it's
a polite love all your products wireless
charging is the most useless I've ever
seen in my life no in my life I made a
few vids yeah guys can wireless charger
it doesn't think it's not last as soon
as you said that you have like like you
what if you want to use your phone on
your on your bed I'm charging it way
more than like like not charge exact on
your bed sometimes you're lazy you want
to charge it that's hope it doesn't work
so myth busted I was gonna buy it for
the vlog but I could just test it and
not sleeping it's like it does it
doesn't matter if your looks cool when
you're sleeping bro you know what I mean
hey oh by the way they have iPhone X's
here I just want to give away coming
soon get ready Wow well yeah he bought
one too
I did buy one so now Bongo got one and
then somehow he convinced this didn't
get one so that's three iPhone X's and
actually got to toe 5x iPhone challenge
David's not gonna get one because you
guys know he doesn't
money I'm gonna try and get him to buy
one but I will make me I'm good at
pressuring people but like Asians were
like you can't pressure them bro they
have just trying to get him to do all
this stuff have their there have their
eyes set on something I mean I mean
let's not get started on his car yeah
he's getting it so are you in are you in
I don't I just explained success are you
getting it we should get one obviously
I'm getting one everyone's getting one
we've got it yeah you actually green one
up so guys I ran into this guy in the
Apple Store he's like yo do you
recognize me I was like I don't
recognize him and then this shows me
this picture this is in the DMing
girlfriend's IBM's him as like was that
as Sylvia and I think I killed this guy
because he was the I mean my girl but
that was my problem so shout out to him
okay I whip up the picture guys follow
my god ooh because I I hated on him so
now I got to show love to him this is
his ige go follow him show him love
because I tear down it self-confidence I
label of course right anything volume
with the murder but it brought yo these
guys guys what are the chances my phone
filled for the screen crack so I get a
full new device yo Sean welcome to the
club Sean just picked up a text to all
we picked it up for him because he
wasn't there good is David but he's like
the richest oh it doesn't really matter
it's time to go drop it off Mike
yeah yeah I'm never buying you one again
but yo wolf em check this out I actually
got you guys a present right here in
here's to iPhone X's you know what that
means giveaway is coming up soon get
ready because if I got an iPhone X let's
believe that you guys get one too so
stay tuned for that it's coming I'm H
but you guys should be way more aged
guys so unfortunately I had to grab for
my show love tuber I'm gonna throw up
show love to my Ottawa food place that
you go eat food it's delicious literally
I've been craving one since I friggin
came back from LA since I left to LA but
some bad news there's not gonna be
enough time in the day to do this in
this vlog so I might have to do it in
another vlog but basically I want to
make a video because you guys know my
viral video how to unlock an iPhone I'm
gonna trigger I'm gonna figure out ways
to get in an iPhone X without knowing
the passcode so it's probably gonna have
some stuff to do with some facial
recognition smash like button if you
want to see a full video on that because
don't worry I will figure out a way to
get in without a pass code boy it always
does
or I'll figure out some other loophole i
freakin hit 35 thousand likes on this
video thirty five thousand I will make a
full main Channel video on that and it's
gonna be a banger because those videos
are always bangers so that's happening
something else I wanted to talk about
while I was just sitting here holding
the camera this is important because a
lot of you guys have actually been
questioning me on it because as you guys
know if you didn't know your boy happens
to be part of cloaking okay I'm not a
poser
I am a man go ask rice glass banks it
doesn't need to be any confirmation I'm
encoding so I made it now that I made
coke gang people are like Wolfie this
will see that like what's going on with
rice this what's going on with that the
hot topic right now is the Martinez
twins because the Martinez twins as you
saw in their video I don't know what
side you guys are I don't know if you
believe it or not I believe heavily I
have good proof that the Martinez twins
did in fact leave team 10 it was a
serious video I'm on that side and you
guys are like yo are they joining cloak
gang and all I have to say to that is I
don't know I am oh jeez that's all like
the eye emoji is what I have to say that
because I have put those guys since they
were in team ten and even if they're
gone from team ten it doesn't really
matter I mean that I might even put the
more low-key no I've been reading those
guys from the beginning of time and as
you guys know cloak gang is always
looking for recruits house next door
might be up for grabs to know you know
some stuffs going on or in the works of
some stuff might be talking to talk to
Emilio who knows who knows I could be
texting right now probably am but you
guys will never know because I'm not
gonna show you but just know that
there's big things coming for cloak gang
as a whole insane things coming if banks
hasn't told you enough there is insane
things coming I'm in Ottawa right now
but I'm going back to LA very very soon
yeah literally like in two weeks this is
I'm over I'm not open basically I came
back because I needed to see everyone
needed to get home and
next week is American Thanksgiving I
already said that everyone's going home
so I was just like I might as well come
a week earlier come back at the same
time when everyone's back but next month
December is gonna be on one thing a mod
thing literally it's gonna be insane
people living there Martina's twins eye
emoji it's all I'm saying to you guys
all this stuff so get excited I'm gonna
end the vlog off there because I have a
show to go tonight
all Mari mids you guys know Omar if you
don't know Omar you played yourself
that's Omar the waxing guy he has a show
he's gonna be playing piano and all this
stuff he said he's gonna be embarrassing
himself tonight but I'm here gotta
support my auto our friends love them to
death if you enjoyed this vlog make sure
to go down smash that like button
comment down below
iPhone X if you want me to do an iPhone
X give away spam the comments and I will
see you guys soon are more where we stay
a little bit more savage my main channel
and as always stay savage let go
