it's gone where you can't even Tonio
just alergies just push it away from
good morning and welcome today is a
special day guys today we're doing not
hide-and-seek in the house but banks
just told me is that yo we're gonna do
this challenge the full video is gonna
be on his channel so go check it out
this but smash the like button if you
enjoy these type of videos guys let's
see if we can hit thirty five thousand
likes basically what it is is this house
is massive I've been in this house for a
minute but I have yet to play any of
those hide and see games that adapt us
or I have yet to be doing any scavenger
hunt so essentially he's gonna hide
$10,000 $10,000 throughout the house and
there's gonna be a bunch of us trying to
find it so I'm gonna film my whole
perspective every perspective for
everyone's gonna be on his channel but
you're gonna get my perspective and
hopefully we can win today cuz I will
fee hate to lose so without further ado
let's get into the vlog baby Paras get
me views let's do something cute and
yummy views oh good boy
London good girl good girl London okay
I'm done so guys right now we're in
banks the face banks and vivre Alyssa
violet my girlfriend list violet room we
are waiting for them earn over waiting
for banks - hi - he's gonna hide the
money don't know where it's gonna be but
who's in the contest is me - Oksana cuz
he's the editor we got Roman here we got
adapt here what's good we got this here
right show your face is this the Wolfie
squad it's the wolf what are you guys
doing after this later we got right here
this guy right here studio boy we got
this guy I don't know his name cake or
something like that
Ryan Suede's is not here he's without
the face house all day he's leaving
clout game for phase phase up but I'll
let you guys know hopefully I can win
this cuz I actually you ten grand to
Pam's are shop button you want a toy
alright ready good girl 3 2 1 where is
he where's it here hey hey let's do
something cute great you guys can go
down first I'm going upstairs whoa whoa
I'm going up I'm going up everybody is
going downstairs I'm going up I'm not
playing like that
the first hint was he said he's been
thinking all day yeah the first thing is
it's paintings because you want to hang
these you want hang all the paintings
you've been thinking about redesigning
this kitchen for a minute leave me alone
the neighbor's house No
so guys I don't know what banks followed
me at the start to trip me out he kept
saying he was following me because I was
onto something but I don't know if I'm
actually honestly that's the thing I
think he might have told me just like I
started the video he said he was gonna
be trolling people I'm out here looking
in like the rain water droplet things
what are these called gutters I don't
even know but I looked under there I
looked at all the paintings this is
probably gonna take a while I mean
there's no way that it's gonna be in
this blanket or anything fireplace
yeah I'm thinking of see these statutes
I think it's gonna be under one of these
statues to be honest
not this one that's crystal honey I've
already cut my head on this statue so
you have to be super careful with your
listening okay so now you can check this
whole thing if he threw it like in here
I'm stressed because that is whack or
like down here this would suck too oh
you think I'm gonna look there
watch me to go back on the footage
nothing nothing
I don't know what I'm looking wolf am
when you play contests like this you
don't give up even if he was bathing us
we're just gonna keep living did you
find it yet they might have found it
yeah what was the clue what was the
money 5050 I looked behind all the
paintings yeah well that's the first
thing I checked I've been on the floor
fourth floor
now everyone's coming to the fourth I
looked under those already there's no I
mean isolate one guys off beat you in a
bit
they were here looking outside okay I
don't know what case-finding right now
barbecue
the fact that he said nothing is
off-limits to stress him you know but
the fact that there's a ladder here do
you think you would have climbed it how
do you already check t walk that's a lie
that's a troll because you've been
downstairs a hold the whole time or a
pool in the pool in the pool jump in the
pool bro I know for sure banks did not
think about the hot tub at all cuz like
this obviously went waste time a taping
it in the hot tub and B I've never even
seen banks go in the hot tub so I don't
think he's been thinking about that
that's why I think I need to come inside
the roof is checked off the pool is
checked off hot tubs checked off in my
head at least haven't seen banks even
sit here in my life I'm trying to think
because like lately this guys been
talking about a new house expanding and
all this stuff and then he's been
talking about to tattoo this guy all the
babies been talking they're doing a
tattoo I listen I listen
Romeo Lacoste isn't even close to us to
do that I'm gonna go ask him
but before I ask him hey charger let's
go yo babe give me a hint give me all
right I'll do you guys here who's here
right now what do you mean guys you guys
have all been like you guys well I'm
really close to him so if I saw you I
saw you guys that's why I've been not
close and I know I'm going guys but you
said but you said all days today you're
like I've been peed about all day yeah
all day you've been saying I'm trying to
get attack for no reason so where's
Romeo ok well it's all you guys I've
seen all
I know where I'm not going I'm going
down there
waste the time we waste the time I'm
gonna stick through it I'm gonna stick
to it what is even thinking those
paintings this guy wants to hang out key
things in his room I haven't left the
fourth floor so I happen oh my god the
thing about these two statues is that
you guys saw how much I struggle just
trying to get this one off
it could be under these boxes but I mean
I don't think Bank sort of lifted the
boxes anestachio
I just shat my pants I heard Bank say
but you found it Fraser
come here I'll split the money with you
I have an idea
cuz bro he's been saying it's like he's
been sitting it like I was near it and I
haven't left the forth and as soon as
you guys went down as soon as you guys
went down to start I didn't go down and
he followed me you were to follow all
you so bro when you but don't say that
cuz I'll give you half I need to lift
these statues on the ground and check
under the box
right yeah yeah guys this is dressing
you know cuz I hate to lose I'm super
competitive
he hasn't even doing us any good hint
come on race has a leak in this closet I
really don't like attics what races oh
I'm going up I'm just gonna feel up
there yeah see what is saying oh my
animal if it's up there banks go screw
yourself I don't want it that was freaky
that was freaky
I didn't see him let's see if you guys
can see it I'll put you guys up you see
anything hold on I'm gonna change the
camera so I can see nothing I'm
literally going through lengths so bad
like I'm on the table that's unfair I
looked at Alex I want to tell list I was
gonna go to my room to tell Alyssa and I
say no somewhere else there's a few you
wrap you're not smart I would hear the
dumbest kid I know
I'm stressed so that was the start of
the day you guys saw how that played out
I don't know how I didn't think of that
one but I didn't get on camera bank said
literally is like Ryan or Alex no he's
like yo you guys have all been super
close to it so I thought it was on the
fourth and I should have just thought
okay we've all been close to banks it's
on you but then as soon as adapt started
reaching and banks his pockets that's
when everyone's hard to stop real okay
why don't we below key there's ten grand
like on the ground right here I don't
know if this is fake your real money but
ill effects I don't need your 10 grand
bro I can just pick this stuff up I'm
stressed I hate to lose no guys look who
showed up to the house you nicer ball
you're nice at ball is he good I heard
good things about back are you better
than right behind this no why do you
want something to guard you thank you it
is boring if you want to see Ryan fish
game one do you watch it's like in the
light we'll do it in the light hit the
like button cuz apparently he's the best
Lawrence accent for you I did you Barney
but you still have to play rice man you
still have to play banks high key yeah
as banks fix it you sent you a nicer
ball okay you just said you're nice
again they're 1 V 1 V 1 V 1 V 1
no we're not playing he's actually nice
thanks again I would really call I know
them can't lie deep though you when you
came in the house is like Gabe was nice
fro I told him that's nice you said it
so it's fast guys so I set up the room
the room is actually coming together so
clean I don't know if you guys have seen
it but we got the painting up now
I was gonna move that mirror but there's
stuff on the ground so it's kind of a
closet I put my hangers up I don't know
stops coming together anyway daddy
Wolfie on top of the charts my kill
death isn't that good but this is
literally my third game of card
altogether not my life but I'm a gamer
heart so your boys right there first
place daddy won't be looking good I need
to get tags and all that stuff
but yeah I bought the game set up the
monitor I'm gonna be playing a lot more
at nighttime usually because I'm
vlogging during the day and I don't have
time to game but at nighttime usually
rice goes on tracer goes on so expect
something coming soon all I know is that
I'm damn good at this game
like I just I don't I'm not a sports
gamer I'm a first person shooter gamer
so I'm aged at this game hold a feedback
okay guys so literally this night has
been super random I set up my camera
system literally came with game game is
like an obviously a good-looking little
white guy like his tinder is kind of
probably so dude like you're gonna sit
there and talk to some girls and see
like what's poppin today so we talked to
this girl and like she gave me response
we're like what happened she's like in
my pajamas or something I'm in my PJs do
you care a lot okay but no he said
something come to the hills because
we're technically in the Hills she's
like I'm into my PJs and that's the only
line that loaded to her like hey it's
it's kind of old but then the next line
was do you mind so you're like maybe
it's worth it so let me really know
what's what's an uber right now this
girl to send the address right now brian
has the uber up this is your lowlife
like obviously I don't care imma take it
man but though if this girl actually
pulls up to the hills for game I'll
probably have to blur out her face but
I'm vlogging it I'm gonna figure out a
way to vlog it probably right now guys
hit the like what if you wants to do
more savage like this next girls 40-watt
if you want you out to do that alright
guys so if you are good stroke game you
know where to come to you ops got your
head you call it oh yeah yeah when she
says something then I don't know nothing
like we're not trying to do anything
crazy I'm not gonna show her a dress or
anything like that what are you calling
it yeah we're calling her I will update
you guys in a sec this is what we do
when we're born on a Saturday night when
you're taking man like only me and Ryan
has 10 girls what I'm sorry you don't
have a baby bit over hit that replay
Jesus Christ
guys I'm not joking you can see that
uber trip is happening it's completing
them nearby trip and then it's 11
minutes away we're gonna see what is
about to go down up guys update
a few inches later wolf am wolf and Wolf
em it's the next day I fell asleep I'm
not gonna lie I didn't get any footage
that I wanted to get last night but
let's just see I don't even know what
happened just give me a thumbs up the
night went well or not thumbs up or
thumbs down first tinder date ever first
I was like part of it
I bought her nugget so technically I was
proud of the date anyways woke up this
morning not a good morning guys I think
my like I don't know if it's a prank
that's why I'm like kind of being subtle
about it but you guys know like two days
ago how there was like some artwork and
all their stuff brought to the house
there seems to be a missing thing there
was a motorcycle here the motorcycle was
here this morning
I don't know if the owners came back
this morning and took it but it is we
don't know if it is we are looking at
the cameras to make sure like
everything's good I don't know like I
said again this could be a prank
it's a hunt it's like a hundred thousand
dollars so if this is not a prank and we
don't get to the bottom of this there's
gonna be some serious problems going on
I think this miss just took the piss
people are getting involved is
everyone's gonna be upset this house is
gonna stop for a date-like period
everything like nothing's gonna go right
so we have everybody on the cameras
detective wise even Gabe Gabe is aged
why is your sure dude that's from the
oil from the car okay I can't even you
know I want to get you know Frasier let
me get your reaction to this yeah okay
you know the ducati the motorcycle is
here yeah it's gone
it's gone it's gone yeah I know it's a
joke cause it's like yeah it is I need a
time like this but this is it's gone bro
I swear to God on my whole life like no
even all the cameras gate here Oh off
camera but why would they just come in
the garage was open all morning I came
down slide over
what no I saw someone walk in here with
E versus where its own like the lights
are flashing the whole time
well Mercedes pulls up she could watch
and is it just wait does it just wait oh
my god this is marked 8:30 a.m.
oh right no way
Oh bro that's my post mates guy like
keep waiting and then you'll see me come
out and grab the food so you open the
garage the garage was open but I didn't
touch anything
I just want my food close closer wow
this is why we need a chef you know how
to make that game like this yeah you
called me no no no you see brother wait
where's the bike on the road yeah
you just wait for no last word a little
bit brother sketch do you see who
brought it out that's really the yeah
but who rode away were they never
brought it out is one who stolen yeah
maybe we're here yeah why would they
bring it to the house I'm sort partner
out there go inside the house next door
oh there that's the house next door I
mean
I'll know if it's at these oh my god oh
my god
who's that he has a motorcycle moment
already I know this is this is this is
though how did the bike get there first
let's see how he gets on and see if he
doesn't know what he's doing
yeah no no this is gonna be like not
just let it play for a sec you know is
he just standing there boys start
looking at the odd doughnut is that what
he's doing no yeah I think so yep this
is Bertha the the backwards looking eyes
ah that's where it's mostly been painted
not easy right in it before where you
can't even tell me all she's got no keys
just pushing it away bro he pulls out
and then this way he rolls up if he
walks like how that guy walks then it's
just him hold on wait till he walks cuz
I swear they have that so that's someone
from next door and you came in with the
motorcycle what is that yeah he checks
it over regardless yeah yeah yeah
your goes into that house for a want
long yeah I think it's vertically wolf
that's him
here he is he has the bike what's on man
you have the bike from in there right is
it yours it's good to take it's good to
take why are we on super 4 who is that
was the jacket from yesterday
guys I don't you just saw that live
footage randomly face time that is the
jack guy whose bike it was made from
yesterday acted weird like it's like his
bike like that's so trippy so bike was
stolen but it was stolen by the owner I
guess technically I still stole them
that's weird
big moment for me guys today is the
first day I just did laundry I feel good
about it
Brian Tommy shout out to Ryan and is not
only about fun and obtaineth it's about
learning
anyways guys I feel like because I'm
like an adult even though I'm only 17
I should be able to do my own laundry no
but my mom's are doing it my whole life
and then even so shout-out to her
because if I want it I'm going to create
a bucket list soon and one of one of the
things on my bucket list is to be a
weirdo in a movie I just always want to
do that like okay so guys any
descriptions or like auditions I mean
Ryan can potentially take you know the
name for that in any movie like wow
short role like a short role all the
natural like what does it mean it's the
word a short like a tiny role in a movie
or like your small future cameo that's a
cameo I'm trying have a cameo feature in
a movie to where I'm just like yeah
that's a banger line but that's iconic
so that's what me and Ryan want to do so
that's our next venture we don't want to
be those a lists like actors like so
like we're trying to get cameo roles
only so little walk in the background
for a couple K I'm laugh because you
know we could just show up to an
audition for one day we come in a
grandiy regret there will be rich in no
time as I'm sitting here we just left
the Beverly Center I'm reminiscing on
this TMZ celebrity tour remember that
how would I tell you wrote I swear to
God I saw the the see I think it's the
same girl that does it hopefully we can
pull up next to them but all the same
girl that we truly over and I was in an
uber and I saw her so if it's a blonde
girl in a turkey let's see if it's a
blonde girl that's my girl we lost it no
it's there wasn't no anyways guys last
time I was in an uber night drove past
it it was the same girl who patrolled
and she hates us how did you troll
to the clip what the actual Justin
Bieber three o'clock it's many YouTube
that's only children all right so it's
late at night right now we'll fam I'm
playing some call of duty right now add
your boy on PSN daddy wolfy to gay
that's what I mean you don't want the
Spanky I'm about to serve you because
this is what I do for my late night Ryan
is passed out on the bed guys if you're
single make sure to slide in this guy's
dm's because he's a smash the like
button if you guys enjoyed the vlog I'm
thinking about because like next week or
like two weeks from now it's gonna be
American Thanksgiving and I don't know
if a lot of you guys know this but
Canadians have a different Thanksgiving
10 Americans ours was like before
already it's already past but I think a
lot of people are gonna be going home
for that but I was like y'all or I might
as well like go home early and like see
my boys see my family so I'm thinking
about going home laying in the next day
or two that's initially when I booked
the return flights for me and Ryan
so smash the like button if you guys
want to see me go back to Ottawa because
I always read the comments you guys want
me to hang out with our board novel to
death so I'm trying to go home I miss it
so I just need some like motivation okay
so go ahead for like one comment down
below wake the hell up Ryan sways if you
made it so very into the vlog I'll call
back to you and I'll see you guys soon
I'm more wolf people we stay a little
bit more savage my main channel and as
always stay Savage
