yeah yeah I'm gonna sell you a nice
morning hey yo what's good at your boy
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie right
now we are cruising in a car about to
film something for phase kak a Fraser's
channel he's doing some eating entire
menu
entire Domino's menu everything
everything on the menu so that's gonna
be on his channel it is not the morning
if you guys can tell the Sun is already
going down but that's because I've been
grinding all day for you guys smash the
like button before we start the vlog as
always guys let's hit 35 thousand likes
on this vlog today let's hit the like
button with our tongue it's so damn dark
oh my god
anyways I hope everybody watching this
vlog is having an amazing day or has had
an amazing day since it's night time for
me I'm feeling tired guys because you
guys the whole house has left this
morning like literally I don't know just
say you're cheating on your diet felt
good I have not put it anyways yo can we
roll down this sunroof yeah I can't see
just hit this button push it back you
gotta get that light guys okay now
that's a little bit me what you know
what rhymes with sunroof what sun chips
that you have this morning okay anyways
guys today was so depressing day because
I woke up to find out that you cheat on
your diet like some people are leaving
the house some people went to the other
house for a bit some members are just
gone they're not here so literally the
only people that are still at the house
today are me Frazier Ryan
rice T WAP and Gabe what do you mean oh
my god
it was she pang she was okay so what
does I mean that means very elegant
okay so so we're on the route tell it to
the dog down dog I miss my dogs let's go
look at Frazier and dominoes this guy
stressing me out
he's about to eat the whole menu we had
to literally physically come to the
store because be called like four times
in like
they won't accept the order they kept
putting him on hold and so we actually
had to pull up yo Bongo go on my
snapchat and just look at my name I
don't know go look no no check right now
checking out quick what is it
we got the wolf boy and snapchat wolf
just the wolf emoji guys or wolf your
apps if you don't already you played
yourself or verified I'm eight literally
waiting in the car waiting for Frazier's
pizza to warm up because he got like the
whole menu like I said I got verified on
snap so it's kind of just like last
second notice but I'm super excited
because now I think I'm verified on
every social media verified on Twitter
verified on Instagram verified on
snapchat
I don't know Sylvia your favorite thing
for Pizza Hut prayer Domino's your age
this is all good by the way guys if you
never tried those
they're so good by the way I'm verified
on snap wolf your app side your boy or
the wolf emoji boum boum boum boum oh
that's enough verified I made straight
guys the aftermath of this video Fraser
broke the mirror
why is there so much through here no no
why is my phone getting great no no no
no no no no no quick word of advice to
anybody who wants to start a YouTube
channel guys it is honestly at first it
seems pretty easy you're just like yeah
I just got to hold up a camera in front
of my face sometimes it's a little hard
in public when you when you start
obviously it's not hard for me because
I'm a professional blogger now but I
mean sometimes is gonna be battles
sometimes it's gonna be scars sometimes
you're gonna break mirrors trying to do
handstands one side right well sometimes
you're gonna try to Hanson you can't do
it breasts I grew big I threw a Big Mac
there because I didn't want it and he'd
go
all I'm saying is Garrity for Fraser's
video cuz this guy's an absolute idiot
you should not ever try to do a
handstand if you can't do it I thought
he could do it you see no idea how to do
it but he's like yeah I'll try it I'll
just put my legs up and Boo feels like
just do it yeah because I thought you'd
be hard to do that I was like fucking
are there one day I just lift my legs up
as pfizer Goins you asshole Wolfie was a
shitty song cuz I was like yo this guy's
about to do what I used to do all the
time and why am I getting stuck he's
doing a handstand shot to my mom for
doing that handstands and stuff at the
gym so I was like yeah he's gonna do it
he didn't do it
so you didn't do London come here so
guys because banks and Alyssa are gone
for the next few days because they are
in are they in Miami they're Miami to do
some stuff graziers taking care of the
dogs and this is hilarious guys just
look at these dogs come on does a tick
down yeah dude come here London card you
ate your food you ate your feet under
scream oh good boy oh yeah right so how
my dogs I seen them in so long loving
letting cut cut
London career London good girl come here
London
he's gotta think she knows how to trade
the hugs oh you're lazy right now come
in none of that
sit okay horsey sauce the cheese fruit
fruits bro Suzy oh she can sit good girl
wait poor poor poor there you go oh
let's see if you can do it Paris let's
get a nice it you want it you don't want
to eat you lose it sit sit sit Paris
post yeah where's he's too hungry
doesn't know what to eat sitting come on
come on brother sit down no no no Paris
it you need to stop eating loving you
big enough is the exact opposite that
problem I had a fly dogs they just
didn't eat why did you eat too much
your big yeah big gala cut cut cut cut
Paris Nuria treats very illness in your
mom your dad a snake cutest thing of
2017 guys actually this thing's so cute
we have two hands going on his stomach
and he was just snowing so hard go to
sleep go to sleep go to sleep go to
sleep all London's dressed ok ok ok
lay down why are you jumping on your
brother whoa
you need to tell jealousy so guys I just
had this genius idea
I gotta be quiet about it because I
don't know if anyone knows I'm doing it
I'm gonna need some help for this
definitely but I was like yo banks is
still not here Alyssa's still not here
the one thing that they care so much
about is their dogs they love Paris they
love London our Bulldogs as they call
them and you know I love them too I love
them to death they're so freaking cute
Paris is my dude and London is my girl
but I was like yo they come back
tomorrow so I feel like I should be
doing a prank in the house right now I
haven't done a prank in a while the last
prank I think I did in this house was
screwing up rice comes door which by the
way this guy still hasn't cleaned all
this to keep us off there's still some
sticky notes on there and I thought
about it I thought about and I was like
yo Ryan did a prank on me
where he sold something on Kijiji if you
guys don't know what Kijiji is it's
basically like Craigslist almost so I
know Craigslist is pop in here so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go to Banks's
room grab the dogs get some lip pics and
I'm gonna put them up for sale and see
if we get any bids definitely gonna need
some help so let me go get some of the
boys so we're going up the bankses room
but if you guys didn't believe me these
sticky notes are from like weeks ago
they might even be through from a month
ago but Baxter was one floor up so let's
get it I think I know the code because
hey hey don't leave the room don't leave
the room hey back up back up back up
they definitely do that step to pee we
have the two dogs here all right we're
gonna get some pictures now to you up
come in one of the tiny dogs I'm
stepping on your feet oh my god whew ups
on the camera lashes on yo come here
come here you ready okay so he can Sully
oh yeah let's get some nice big smile
smile not just kidding
oh yeah yeah we're gonna sell you okay
let's sell you yeah make sure that you
give me puppy-dog eyes
let's go Paris you're next you probably
a nice 25 we got the money shot
exclusive review footage we got the
money shots of the dogs I think it's
time I think you know make like a
craigslist account so let's go hit up a
craigslist account hey you guys want
food where the treats I'll give you guys
streets cuz you guys are so good you
gotta feed them some meatballs not too
many though hey your mom and dad told me
not too many meatballs but you are good
sit stay yeah good boy good girl there
we go
meatballs for them it's gonna be this
time alright guys I just made a new
email address I called it Charlie Bucket
dog at gmail.com go ahead and stay with
all you want because I'm never using it
again after today but I made it and I
think I just made a craigslist account
to says if you have any questions or you
experience any problems email help at
craigslist but the thing is like they
never asked for a password so okay wait
a link oh no a link to activate your
account is sent to your Gmail okay let's
check we got the link to login please go
here new password I'll be back guys I'm
not gonna show you my password so guys I
think this is the photo we're gonna cope
with it for London if we zoom in hold on
Jack this out look at that face who
would not want to buy that dog and then
obviously me I'm in there too maybe
that'll help sell a bit and then if we
check the photo for Paris this one I
tried a different approach I just wanted
to do a close-up on Paris no me in this
photo look how cute he is so these are
the photos we got let's get it so we're
on the site right now guys
I clicked on for a sale by owner I think
that is the most fitting a category of
what we're going with right now now we
have a bunch of options as Antiques days
all the B's I'm gonna control f and see
if we can find dog its pets this pet Oh
free stuff
no wanted ads pets promotional also you
can't give pets for free saying they
have to be sold wanted maybe we might
have to put it under toys and games cuz
technically it is a toy dog you could
play Call of Duty on Paris I mean
hopefully they don't bend they're
probably gonna ban my email forever oh
we can do oh my god you can sell babies
baby and kids stuff but that could mean
babies this is ridiculous k oh we're
putting it under household items because
it is a household item no all right it's
great
continue choose the location that fits
best central holiday let's do I don't
really know anything about la will do
centrality posting title to dank dogs
that are mad cute price $200 we'll see
if anyone bites specific location
Hollywood Hills postal code on you know
what to put for that posting body hey
I'm selling my two dank dogs to be used
for dankmemes you know they are mad cute
and have been touched by the cloud house
no more needs to be said now we got some
next I just need to find where I can
post the picture to be honest I feel
like you have to pay extra post a
picture this is old um we'll be back
when I figure out this damn site
actually we're gonna change it up a bit
guys we're gonna add the make of the dog
and that dog is definitely a French
Bulldog I know that for sure
model name is Paris because it's Ferris
length width height I don't really know
but I'm just gonna go 10 by 20 by 30
those are the dimensions condition of
Paris could be salvaged I'm just gonna
put like new because I mean he's kind of
new let's get it finally made it to the
add images section
I got London in Paris right here we're
selecting both boom let them load let's
see if they come up with good quality oh
you have that to seller and that is a
seller right there
please big dogs up for sale Frank I know
Alyssa I know you're watching this I'm
sorry I love you
you guys the best no no let's see a
little cheeky bum bum but at the end of
the day I need money okay I see p.m.
solo I'm just trying to make a quick
buck done with images Oh
to date dogs that are mad cute 200 bucks
Hollywood Hills we got it right there
one image to image if that does not say
I'm selling dank dogs do not contact me
with unsolicited services or offers wow
that's it publish important we got it
emails will be sent there anyways guys
so we just posted the ad go the link
will be in the description for the ad
but honestly with 200 bucks for two dogs
like that that have been touched by
phase banks and a list of I love
themselves they're probably already sold
out not gonna lie but if they're not
just bids go buy the dogs we'll sell
them hopefully before they get home and
killing me because they're probably
gonna kill me but it's like that was the
easiest I've ever done I think we're
going to Taco Bell assumption cow so
let's get it me and Ryan just ten
minutes ago we were talking about like
how we wanted to go on a juice cleanse
here cuz we keep going on them in Ottawa
but we haven't been on one here but now
in LA it should be easy to go on these
juice cleanses but other thing is you
know Joe I'm trying to vlog well shut up
Mitch is stressing me out because this
guy's a bad influence he's like there's
juice at Taco Bell so I'm like
technically yeah you said that I didn't
make it up for the vlog he said that so
I said okay there's juice at Taco Bell
I'll just get juice you can't seem into
their cuts I'll meet you there we're
waiting in the Taco Bell drive-thru
right now guys cuz as you guys know when
you try and get food late at night
certain things don't actually open only
the drive-thru is open 24/7 I didn't
want to come here I told the guys I said
yo I said yeah yeah come on you spreads
come on boys can we hold the strips over
there like that those tacos as I came
fine I'll just get a juice so yesterday
guys we filmed this eating the entire
Domino's menu on Kay's channel but I
think this guy got a little lazy on the
thumbnail cuz if we zoom into Ryan's
face why is this hairline old to you
while you have a giant spike on your
shoulder lazy these people are lazy I
tell you
guys we got it's beautiful no it's not
focused mitches first vlog bitches yo
how do I focus mitch is gonna be
vlogging we're gonna prank the Taco Bell
people when they ask what we want
bitches is gonna say so let's see yeah
can I just get a bunch of tacos just a
bun I'll take like 5 ok that's actually
make sure to get me a juice and then
four more three more Carlos just three
more than Yelp yeah link so there's that
and then three more soft tacos and all
the dipping sauce
but why is this guy giving us what do
you kids gotta go get her number for the
vlog while you're down do we get the
order straight firstly you're gonna pay
for okay won't do it yo let's do ads I'm
just gonna have 20 cards bro Phil you
asked for her number
whoa is she sexy she going after what is
that me bro come on like what's so bad
about somebody putting off around the
dogs
let's pray smash like button oh look at
all the Taco Bell these guys got so much
like chill but me guys I'm on my diet I
got my apple juice on heat
stick to your diets guys I'm stressed I
got home and I literally thought that I
got an offer on the dogs but it turns
out it was just automated message from
Google robot at Craigslist org so kind
of annoying I thought I had an offer
turns out I didn't have an offer so I'm
gonna keep you guys updated in the next
few logs to see if I get any offers that
would be hilarious all I know is thanks
I Melissa get back I think tomorrow
night so hopefully we can get rid of
these dogs before then otherwise they're
gonna be pretty bad but please I need
money I need money and you guys need
dogs anyways guys update on the wall
situation crazy it up still a lot fixed
so it was supposed to be someone coming
in and checking it out today but I don't
think anyone came but it's still not
fixed
but if you want to see gonna happen
actually I'll show you the aftermath of
what happened for us broken mirror how
much a mirror is so as you can see yeah
it's just not fixed but I'm gonna in the
blog off there because I have a video
that I need to be posting our main
channel is gonna be like two main
channel videos dropping this week so if
you guys are confused basically I had to
get these two videos though because I
know the wolf has been demanding bangers
and like usually I've been dropping one
a week but this week there might be
three videos gettin amped we're getting
ready for December because December is
always fun to post because so many
people are posting smash the like button
if you enjoyed the vlog that's hit
thirty five thousand likes on this vlog
do not worry wolf am i I did remember
one thing my recent vlog actually did
hit over 40,000 likes so I gotta get
writing a diss track on on asked me and
big shack with Ryan so I might do some
of that tomorrow give you guys a little
behind the scenes cuz your boy is coming
with bars I didn't want to have to bring
all the guns but your boys bringing back
out the guns so get ready for that other
than that comment down below Wolfie raps
to give me some motivation for the raps
and I'll see you guys soon I'm over
where we stay a little bit more savage
than my main channel and as always
