make the dish drop you've got the green
light from picture funky oh my god
good morning ay yo what's gonna chew boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy guys
we're leaving the house right now we
should be going to complex fun very soon
actually not that soon but first things
first I have to stop at an air B&B
because I have to look into Airbnb s for
Sylvia because she went back to Canada
I'm still in the US of A's and I'm
pretty much scouting out air B & Bs for
her to see if they have good internet so
that she can come back and have like a
good place to set up her makeup and
stuff so that's the first stop of the
day smash the like button if you excited
for another vlog I think today we should
hit like thirty five thousand likes cuz
never asked for that like this is my
first time so go down hit that like
button with your nose today go-go-go
wolf M hurry up I'll give you a few
seconds pause the video go down hit it
with your nose you're too damn close to
my face both of em let's hit the like
button but find a friggin air B&B
hopefully is a nice one you ready we got
it's not singing pretty much bro what
why cuz don't you want there too good
too good but you have you take 30% of
theirs okay good yo you keep your
morning like me pretty much like girls
stop taking cut of us I will gladly
promote pretty much and stop promoting
you if you want I don't take 50% you
won't even be able to buy those bastards
I did because then you'd only make a
hundred bucks a month so let's get us
gave the baby a paper about oh my god
the maid need to come home no no this is
it so so we just checked out one of the
apartment complexes that Soviet could
potentially be staying in and it was
nice the lighting was nice she needs to
have a lot of natural lighting cuz she
does like makeup videos so obviously the
skin needs to look amazing the one
problem though with this place is that
the internet was kind of like it was
pretty pretty bad the dude did say
though that he would upgrade the
internet for her if she were to move in
to like a really good internet but
that's all talk that's nothing
guaranteed I always think about every
situation is like the worst case so
worst case if he doesn't it's unbearable
and she can barely even upload it says
it's gonna take like 50 hours to upload
a video
50 it's Dookie so I'm gonna call her now
and see what she thinks about it because
I had to face timer and show her like a
view but it was like cringe because like
the guys made was like giving me a tour
of the house and like waiting by the
stairs so I I kind of felt cringe being
in there for too long but now me and
Ryan are gonna grab breakfast I think we
are literally like in the heart of
Hollywood
so there's many options and your boy is
starving so it might be a chipotle pink
feel Chipotle I'm down you know it's a
Chipotle ting let's get it next stop of
the day before we get food quick place
to stop guys we gotta grab curling
Korean because you know these things
aren't gonna curl themselves to me like
come on I'm working with magic on top of
my head
only someone here I'm stressed guys I've
been trying to buy this curling brush
for so long my hair is nappy like I got
way more of my black side than my white
side and so there's this one brush that
I need though I thought there was a
white guy wearing a duvet I was like
kidding we ended up getting buffalo wild
wings tell me please
it's not a wet way this is just a white
though so somebody literally paid for
our food shout-out to whoever paid for
our food but literally we've been
running into David dobrica past like
four or five days this isn't right here
at Buffalo Wild Wings so Ryan's gonna
flex on david dobrik and pay for the
bill oh my god why you paying bro
save your money he's not saving his
money so david everyone tweeted david
dobrik you're welcome he obviously never
asked us to pay for it but it doesn't
really matter he put this stuff he's a
great vlogger so we're doing that and
then we paid for his bill but it's a
secret it's a secret guys Bryan's
figuring you know I'm leaving take care
yo Ryan how do you feel about paying for
a very successful and rich youtubers
meal honestly I honestly pay for your
meals a lot so it's pretty good like I
got nothing out of the ordinary
by yourself definitely out of the
ordinary he's never bought me a meal you
relax
david dobrik no I'll let it slide I'll
make an exception only because I like
his stuff so much
that's the only reason I let aside but
they afford guys this is more of a
message to everyone else who was Bank
pay for it or rice pay for it those I'm
never paying for this
I hate no pay it forward yeah David if
you're watching this next vlog go pay
for someone's meal I'll just give you a
whole block there you go no next vlog
come pay for our meal though
stop showing up everywhere we are and
come pay for our meal so guys I think I
just found the gated community to Drake
talks about in the song Versace when he
says this is a gated community please
get the of the property and all I
gotta say is this thing just shut and
almost broke down
China shot who is this protecting me
from this car is over I get throw a
baseball I hit this car I can hop on
here jump over or hop on this mattress
to jump over this ain't no game
community Drake still a fan though it's
okay so guys today has been literally
the trickiest day of all time we have
yet to go to complex con apparently kobe
bryant's there right now oh no one cares
apparently Pharrell is there crazy so
like I want to go there because I just
don't know what's gonna happen but
listen to this so literally we go to get
wings we pull up to get wings and we get
our meal paid for us
shoutout to the Montoya twins we didn't
know that was gonna happen but you guys
are the best we really appreciate that
that happened and then as soon as we're
leaving David over there with his crew
so we paid for their meal we leave we
come back to the house and let's just
say my dude Pontiac there's some things
in the making this guy was just kinda
near the crib I was like yo it's goodies
like you know it's good I'm like dude
like what's poppin he's like I don't
know I might do something I'm like all
right we're at bed let's get it see him
for a bit that's a good explanation I'm
trying to be super vague right now
anyways guys we come into the house talk
to Ray scum for like five minutes on my
bro we trying to go to complex Connie's
like yeah I'm like hey let's get Vince
he's like all right bless I'm like Kay
go on to my Twitter and I see that
apparently someone made a diss track on
me and like usually I'm fine with it but
somebody that I actually thought was
cool did it I don't know if you guys
have ever seen the men's not hot big
Shaq song but there's one pair in that
song and I'll play it right now ask me
aka the prison from the very start of
the song
that dude apparently gross did your boy
Wolfie and I don't even like remember
reacting to the video it was kind of
late when I did it but I do not remember
roasting anyone so like I don't know
why there's any need to come at your boy
Wolfie cuz like I'm just a regular guy
like I'm just trying to have fun really
I'm not coming at anyone's head tops
average wolfies left in the past clearly
in the new wolfies here you guys don't
like her very much but deal with it for
now so right now me and Ryan my reacting
partner cuz he's back are going to react
to this video we don't know what to
expect haven't seen it I think I know
this guy might not even be asking me but
he could be so this is his channel right
here see no one to album vids in his
life okay that's enough promo you roast
me and I show your channel bro chill so
let's react to this no idea what to
expect
alright here we go guys I hope this is
actually a shock
okay I liked the song man's not hot but
bro know your face bro why you coming at
me bro you didn't even see the Vig okay
for me big shock sit okay I was a fan
bro I'm still fan
okay Michael DAP up puddin no one knows
your real name me all right well why
don't we expose
all right I wanna make a video on this
because people forget being too dramatic
or then I came in from one of my
snapchat saying chunks your video is
actually one of my favorite youtubers
let's see what about me my heart's
already going cuz I remember a couple
days back just to show you what it's
done to me
the right move
I'm gonna call big Chuck and see if he
agrees with this move big shock talk
about me one more time like that bro
now coming ahead top garden knows long
like God and hoes but we was talking
about me I'm stressed anyways make the
district yeah you've got the green lap
on Big Shot gon do that
yeah make sure make the tingle check
this big shock from Toronto he's
obviously from the UK but he's not
adjacent Toronto slang us I swear to you
though from Tirana damn just kidding
Neda didn't know they actually did
no no it's opposite way around yeah but
I think Chun has fears of Toronto Somali
and goon accent though because he's
probably from the UK you are good
anyways if you go ahead and do a and
probably even try and bring yes it's
just because I have no okay so that's
that that's the whole video that's the
reaction yo I can ask you're coming from
my head top so what do they do I move
come come bring it on
come at me no actually go to their video
or go to this video I'll leave a link in
the description go wolf em go smash his
like button yeah yeah he dropped me let
him drop could just track on your boy
Wolfie because if you drop something on
my head table that's me he's got a
frisbee I'm coming back to your head
table with 20,000 diss tracks lastolite
what nice do you want to go big shag go
to school boo boo bop yeah bring I ain't
got it us two Rorie's you to maybe yeah
bring it on honey ask me I know you're
tired but I've met a lot of small goons
in my life yeah bro you're kind of well
I thought we going to the gun a lot here
done to your with turn Amanda so now
actually guys that was funny as hell go
show a mad love funny that skit was dope
and I'm probably gonna get destroyed so
any stealing diamonds I can under some
in God and my merch is actually lit
Wolfie laughs calm go copy it's not what
the hell you where is your emerge as me
Oh only big Shaq's house it asked me in
big Shaq you guys want to talk rice you
know who asked me in big shocker right
you know man's not hot yeah yeah
they roasted me so roasted you they
roasted me bro so I might need your help
on a quick one - real quick one two line
that's it oh no cause like I usually
roast people that aren't really that
relevant and these guys have a lot of
they're popping right now I have a lot
of views right now so I don't know how I
feel about this okay but they said they
said my nose is big though so that's too
far alright you guys you guys heard it
from the man himself you want to keep
talking greasy I'm coming for ya head
top ask me a big shot don't ever talk
about your boy will feed you complex
conde - we have our security Vince with
us Vince pulled up and we are gonna get
a special escort through the whole place
just to find Frazer because we came here
late we don't feel like going through
the regular door the regular doors are
so regular
we're such big youtubers so neat he's
like there were three giant youtubers I
think yes I think there are three
massive youtubers I was like okay two
and a half okay Bryan zjz we got public
escorts
I'm about to carve the nicest hoodie of
2017 hoodie gang
I caught too many hoodies but I love
hoodies what can I say
it's been three racks on new chain I
can't buy a bitter weather ain't looking
I think you see a cop car
Oh
I was detected by the savages jump off
the stage if you woke them oh if you
read the turtle
bro he has an iPhone Texan he's about to
flip it over the stairs and he did it
over the reservoir already you can see
now the practice
he's gonna try the double hold up hold
up let me clean my camera the double
flip okay tell me when you're gonna do
this and do four plus you're good no no
no I'm not doing that I can't do that
guys complex con was super lit we just
got home I ate a bit and now we I wanted
to tone down the energy a bit so
obviously it's late at night it's
actually kind of chilly in LA tonight me
and Ryan I gotta go in the hot tub for a
bit and just like post up relax our
muscles because it was a long day of
walking that complex kind of jumping up
and down to you hug hug so let's go can
you even see outside in the dark look at
that I even turn on the pool light we
got a hole over the friggin waterfalls
going and the hot tub should be on yo is
it it's good okay the reason I asked
Ryan if it's on he gave me a thumbs up
he could barely see cuz it's super dark
but the past couple of days I've been
turning it on and turnin it's super hot
and then someone will always come by and
turn it off for no reason when they
didn't want to go in it so they've been
ruining it but tonight it's a good night
it was a good day today let's get in the
hot tub
this is the life relaxation at its
finest god damn wolf em that friggin hot
tub was mad refreshing your boy is fully
awake now actually I'm kind of tired I'm
definitely not awakened I don't know I
said awake I meant asleep that's how you
can guys could tell about a great though
I'm gonna end the vlog off there and I'm
literally gonna end it off by watching
some WorldStarHipHop compilations it's
super late but your boy can't go to
sleep for some reason so this is what I
do guys when I can't sleep you going
world's that solves every problem you
watch a lot of weird but there's awesome
some funny so if you enjoyed this vlog
make sure to go down and smash that like
button wolf Ellis at 35 thousand likes
on blog comment down below worldstar if
you made it to the very end of the vlog
because I mean you guys know on
worldstar people scream worldstar and I
will see you guys soon autumn or wolfy
where we stay a little bit more savage
in my main channel and as always stay
savage Lego
