good morning al what's hit your boy
wolfy welcome back to Marv Wolfie guys
hope you guys are having an amazing day
we are back and we are waking up to my
favorite beverage in the world you guys
already know what it is G fuel
watermelon flavor alert with my G fuel
phase phase up phase phase up phase up I
just found this at the garage and it's
gonna replace my Red Bull for the
morning because your boy has to get
hyper you feel me because I'm filming a
main Channel video today it's gonna be
super late sylvie just left me I don't
even know where this girl that went I
think she went to go film like a video
in a studio because this whole scene is
not makeup appropriate anyways smash the
like button if you guys are excited for
a new vlog let's hit 35 thousand likes
on this vlog smash it with your nose
today wolf amp go go go 5 seconds 3 2 1
can't even count every morning and I'll
show you guys the beautiful view of La
beautiful beautiful we back baby let's
get into the vlog your boy finally fell
to the post mate sting I had to get some
Thai food this morning because I was
craving it but every time I order post
mates literally this is not an ad or
anything guys I've been spending so much
on delivery cost just to get food here
because there's no food here ever and
your boy is too lazy to cook there needs
to be a chef in here which there might
be one soon but for now the time being I
don't have anyone to make me food so I
literally have to order order order and
I actually had to do like the monthly
subscription of like not getting
delivery charges because they're insane
on post mates love you post mates
definitely give me unlimited unlimited
food so I can use you more often because
I promote you so much for free but the
delivery charges need to take it easy ok
but god damn does this not look amazing
like what guys it's a day after
Halloween so I don't really know what
this is right here I mean this should
have been cleaned up for Halloween like
where's this no no no guys I might have
been a little bit of an accident on
Halloween night I don't know what it is
but let's just say this there was a
vampire in the house
you gotta give credit where credit is
due this guy just dropped a song called
take me serious holy listen this how you
get marginalized today is actually kind
of a gloomy day in LA the first gloomy
day I've been here ever I think the sky
is pretty cloudy it seems like it's
gonna rain but actually never rains in
LA then I have my two mates up here I'm
with the two Brits shut up Harry
shoutout this fucking guy Frasier he's
doing a prank I'm not gonna say what the
prank is cuz that'll be on his channel
but we're going to Party City right now
to pick up some supplies
I'm mid filming my my McDonald's video
if you guys know what I mean
link will be in the actually I don't
know if the link will be in the
description of that because that might
be coming out in the later time but put
it this way
I'm buying a hundred of something i
mcdonalds these guys are jumping I'm in
my human race guys I'm in my human races
ya know a kid okay just in case you guys
wanted to know there is a 50% off sale
right now for Halloween costumes so if
you wanted a pre plan for next year
there's mad costumes here I don't know
who Frazier is playing I think we're
pranking rice so rice I'm sorry in
advance for this prank you snooze you
lose row literally you snooze you lose
you don't wake up you get pranked that's
how it is woo Mario and Luigi I'm aged
Ryan Chris Brown has more better songs
than mario by the way let me love you is
great but Chris Brown's better guys
you're not even gonna believe this right
now they actually have a costume here
that look exactly like Ryan sways like I
swear to God maybe it's cuz I mention
him all the time but look at this like
tell me how accurate this is to you yo
I'm gonna kill Frazier for pranking me I
have fully thought right scum was
getting pranked in this when I was gone
the Silvius screwed my whole room up man
Kobe in this snake euro field
link will be in the description to his
full video of my reaction I'm just
stressed though so now I know who is the
next person to get Frank and yo where's
his room at my head I'm killing you
right now right now right now in the
back guys we're doing a bit of research
to see what race is doing he wasn't on
Twitter on race night so I think he's
talking away stuff okay if you see the
window behind him the whole spirit we're
gonna should we knock on the window and
rollin yeah does anyone know races code
we troll oh wait what yeah you have to
most me bad sliding door might not be
open though on his balcony yeah from my
balcony yeah how hard is that
okay finish your video do it do it
Fraser is gonna be the bait hopefully
rice stays on live because I want to
this guys day we're gonna show up right
at that window right there guys good at
night I think might be switching to
twitch no no no well he'll be livestream
regardless all right guys let's see what
we can do
oh the windows right open it's wide open
I think we might actually be able to get
in I was thinking about jumping from
here to here but I think he can see him
live streaming hold on I'll sneak back
an angle and see if anyone can see oh
yeah there is
hopefully the stream doesn't tell them
that I'm right here I don't think you
can see me through the window we got to
be sneaky I'm gonna go grab the knife in
a balloon like any balloon acquired I
got two balloons just in case it doesn't
hear the first time if he doesn't
respond to these two and first balloon
pops
do you like nothing
nothing nothing happening and it's gonna
pause in the window like this is
Oh
it's the assistant doing that crazy but
I think we got him
I'm back something happened successful
prank on race gum he got a little mad
but that just means we're gonna need to
do more in the future smash the like
button and we got it let's get it made
live stream youtube.com slash race alert
guys don't let Frasier lie to you
he finished this video half an hour ago
what is this mess going on in my room
why is there balloons for days rager
that's what I need to know bro usually
when you fill the video you got to clean
up your own mess so Frasier clean you
damn mess bro yo I'm about to go on rice
comes live stream on my YouTube account
apologize public apology prank here we
go guys I'm now on YouTube and we are in
race Cup streams this is where I just
popped up right there live on a stream
but I'm gonna apologize public apologies
these comments are going to wait I think
I miss you sent me a hundred and seventy
I said go this is too much you saw me
for two seconds I hate him rice rice
your guys so I'm trying to order
chick-fil-a to the house right now
chick-fil-a yeah chick-fil-a yeah but yo
guys look at how weird chick-fil-a's
menu is laid out they call stuff nuggets
grilled comma 12 count it sounds like
your body count this is stressing me out
why don't they just call it eight
nothing zero because I'm an angel slide
my DMS let's change that I'm just
kidding Oh kitty who is that girl that's
been in the past couple of you the
unreleased vlogs that you haven't seen
in the back of my video yo why the girl
that Ryan's been in with an ex any
my vlogs then I'll give you 10 bucks
anyways I'm about to order eight count
nuggets but chick-fil-a you gotta change
yourself here but more importantly Ryan
suggested because I saw this bacon on
here it's literally a dollar for bacon
so we're gonna see what bro you can get
a dressing for the bacon avocado lime
ranch I'm ordering one and I'm getting
Italian late brother you know it's a gal
just get this on it and see if they come
with it if it comes with anything less
than five bacon strips I'm on there but
we'll see wolf AM wolf am wolf em I do
want to apologize for you guys because I
know this is definitely gonna be a
shorter vlog I gotta end the vlog off
right now because tomorrow is an
extremely early morning I think Sylvia
is leaving in the morning
so it boys what to pass out but if we
get some ass 35,000 likes on this vlog
that would be amazing I know like I was
just looking for like the footage of the
rice come stream and I couldn't even
find it so just let me know if you guys
can send me that somehow so I could just
get like a doula angle of that because
we actually shook rice come up I think
I'm what role does got more woody
streaming cuz if the new cards out
literally since everybody in this house
I forgot how much of a gamer everyone
was and I just stopped playing but games
since halo 2 because that's the greatest
game of all time everyone has been
gaming tonight but I can't even blog
with anyone I don't even know what to
vlog so on that note comment down below
faze Wolfie and I'll join the gaming
community so I can start gaming with
these guys I might get like an Xbox or a
ps4 in here so I can join the club
because if everyone's gonna be gaming
your boy has to be doing that otherwise
I'm just gonna be sitting on this bed
lonely by myself for the rest of
eternity but I didn't shower so I feel
good I'm gonna end the vlog off there
again I hope you guys enjoyed I love you
so much
and I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage from each other and as always
stay savage
you
