good morning hey yo what's good boy
wolfy welcome back to another vlog
welcome back to more wolfy I hope you
guys are all having an extraordinary
amazing day
I never say extraordinary that's big
word I hope you guys are obviously
remembering to stay savage as well
because you guys are probably not gonna
hear them saying I just woke up as you
can tell I'm tired the only way to wake
your boy up is by hitting that like
button so go down to smash that like
button right now with your pinky finger
hurry up hit that like button let's hit
thirty five thousand likes on this blog
wolf BAM I'm a little depressed I'm not
gonna lie I woke up I was not feeling
the best today because today is
Halloween now if you have been an OG
wolf fam forever you know that I always
go off on costumes like a couple years
ago I was Drake from hotline bling it
was crazy I've been like a mime I've had
some of the craziest costumes ever and I
usually put a lot of work into it but
that is because that was Canada wolfy
now I'm like la wolfy and I mean no I
have not been keeping track of the days
there's been a lot of parties going on
lately I might have been going to a lot
of these parties to be honest and I have
not had time to pick up a costume wolf
al I don't have a costume for Halloween
so today's vlog is mainly gonna be
seeing if we can go get a costume I
think there might be another party
tonight so I'm gonna need a costume to
go into it cuz I don't want to be that
one guy who's just like man I'm too cool
for costume I'm not gonna wear one I
want to wear a costume I just don't know
what to do I don't know what to be it's
stressing me out so we're gonna do that
and then I think nikan and Frasier also
want to pick something up from the store
at like this mall I don't think I've
ever been there but they want to do that
so today's gonna be a very eventful vlog
let's get it happy Halloween my wolf am
i forget it let's see if you can scare
something because it's happened
Halloween dance unique on nikan okay he
didn't get scared guys that's two pills
in a row I'm stressed this is not
usually what Halloween looks like in my
town a majority of the Halloween's that
I've had in like last second it actually
starts to snow fun fact about Canada
well not all of Canada in general but
like Ottawa is that literally the
weather is so I've spent plenty of
Halloween's in the snow this one I don't
think just because they are on the off
chance it kind of looks a little hot
outside in LA I don't think imma spend
it in the snow today which means that
opens up my door to a lot of costumes
especially for girls because I know
girls put a lot of effort into their
costume and then they have to put a coat
over it to cover it up for half the
night because it's too damn cold la you
could be whatever you want so I think
I'm gonna be Ryan sways you mind
where the fuck you gonna buy it like a
GQ model magazine what put it over
yourself no I think they're selling ice
JJ fish costumes dollar and maybe you
power like just get it like a Shrek mask
and then just like Donkey oh no but you
look like Shrek so I'll be Donkey
actually kind of jokes huh jokes how did
it get there what did the crane even go
to get up the mountain did it climb it
oh my god why is the house goes through
the mountain which side was built first
laughter right oh my god
as you guys can tell him a little bit
bored waiting for Ryan to shower
everyone sharing sharing is overrated
don't shower kids and the award for most
recline uber seat goes - we're on our
way to the to the costume store right
now hopefully they have what we need
I'm gonna keep it a surprise until the
next scene in the vlog that's only
because I'm unsure about what we're a
hundred percent being at the bars not
far from over you did buddy Zach a smile
best costume of the day look at these
three they dressed up as pigeons this is
insane guys yo nice car do it
what no bro oh yeah rides afraid of
pigeons yo real costume very good job
guys yo Ryan just one clarification but
I have to say one thing to you yo and
it's on the note of this song playing
right now you ever tell me Mario is
better than Chris Brown again
okay listen Mario are you dropping some
45 I never said I'm ready five strong
albums more songs in it than mario has
ever made it I never said Mario's barely
Chris Brown I said Mario Mario has
better top five than Chris Brown to stop
okay let me comment down below what you
what you guys think you guys know Mario
Google the guys like you're ready for me
but just a friend let me love you this
is your 79 27 so this is how relevant
Mario is you put Mario into the world
but the game comes out yeah the game
comes on look up look up Chris well yeah
they're not coming up
you know that all I'm saying is no
artist is out here dropping 45 song
albums that's all I'm saying and they're
all banging so they actually is actually
really good
okay typing Chris that's my word first
one guy's looking at the outfits right
now he's considering going as take a
good one
I have these shades but I don't know if
these are gonna make it for the flavor
look because you guys know do you think
I mean they're like like does he
I'll get these because they're probably
like 10 bucks but there's no dreads in
this store which is really bad once
we're just gonna keep tracking we're
just gonna keep checking yeah your
children guard this but I gotta find my
outfit yo best costume of the day Oz no
down right now literally like he's
trying to tell us this isn't that
expensive it's all fake jewelry so I
just paid 200 bucks for all these chains
that I didn't need to pay 200 for he was
telling me 500 and I was just like I
won't be paid to out of these like it's
like okay for you this is not a nice
thing and then literally Fraser just put
a bunch of on the counter he's like 100
oh I'm stressed throw your little mic
I'm stressed I'm even see these guys I
think I might need to go back in and get
on a watch a watch Tyler sneak on is
going off right now Ryan might have
found the shirt and me I found it the
perfect hat here like I've came into
Urban Outfitters because I know they
sell champions they didn't have the Hat
that I wanted but they sell the NASA hat
and you guys know like logic always
wears it so it's kind of popping unique
on it's your merge doing in here anyways
guys it's actually coming together I had
to spend a lot on the jewelry which I'm
very upset about cuz the guy definitely
scammed us Frasier's going off i'm quavo
whose take off right no take off off set
change is so overrated
last costume spot of the day I'm now at
like a few hundred dollars for my whole
outfit I'm literally buying a $70 wig
and dyeing it black because it's the
last one in the store that's burgundy
it's not black he was trying to tell me
that clay balls you're gonna hear this
filter he has black hair he has black
hair so this is the final no I'm gonna
tell them to get it for me right now
that is it for my outfit other than that
if I buy Gucci pants for the outfit
obviously it's a win I don't want to
have to do it they're pretty nice we'll
see I'm hungry
today's a long day my head hurts Ryan's
ugly we all know who cares let's get it
he's in the zone Bluebird Drive Nick on
line three why you fighting truth
no foods in the car no eating in the car
an econ oh you know no fruits in the
carne con it's not as his word not mine
I don't know how many more times these
guys are gonna bring me to the Gucci
store yeah I don't want to come back
okay
I need the pants for my costume so we're
calling the other Gucci store they don't
have a mirror and nikan just copied my
shirt do you guys saw me get this shirt
in another vlog you guys no actually you
know what with the power of editing
replay the clip I've been searching for
this shirt for so long
the Gucci polo with the friggin snake on
it I got this the photo first but it's
okay fellow tall guys need fellow tall
swag so so here's the full outfit guys
as you guys can see I have the NASA hat
I have the black spray dye because I'm
gonna be dying this wig these are the
glasses everyone knows Cueva wears those
he has a ridiculous amount of jewelry
I'm also gonna be wearing my two watches
on top of my bracelet and my rings and
an extra bracelet and then the Gucci
pants to fit everything and then the
shoes that I'm gonna have to wear are
the fire Gucci ones because Cueva was
the ultimate high beast here is money
you know wait mr. Gucci and mr. bait
come see if this is a good quibble
fairness while you later
huevo a parade there bro you got these
yeah I bought those I brought the Gucci
pants did you buy those you got the
diamond choker everything we're can on
one down to the NASA have the dreads
what it's a real yes - you actually
hooked it up but it was kind of a
newsperson so I talked to him so he give
us a little yeah
if you guys don't know about julen you
guys can have all those jewels because I
can't wear a fake jewelry so after
Halloween grace if you want that it's
all yours but yo we got the Gucci pants
and yo this is the craziest thing of all
all those things will come on bro come
come on come on
so I'm gonna shower right now we have
ivory bo you're offset all these tech
are you take off your screen shot and
Tagus was it look like he got left off
batter boozy that's already so I want to
show you guys when we have everyone
together
that's dumb that was real
come on this so the outfit is complete
oil your boy highs the girls in I you
got the bottle girls you know your cock
grills I put it on the bottom because I
know that's what clean water got the
glasses got the Goyard bags put on every
watch I own every bracelet I own dad to
him Nadezhda wavy - time to go get the
reaction of the people living in the
house all right well I think he's going
where are you going nah it's a top grow
up we're on the water
oh that's where y'all Richter you see us
all together it's going to be what do
you mean Bank Josh right I hate him I
hate him I hate uh all right guys so
we're about to take a fire Instagram pic
up here I can't talk as the girls on my
mouth charge the game from hitting this
pics this one's gonna be late guys go
DoubleTap - happy Halloween - everybody
let's see if we get 200,000 likes on the
pic okay I love you guys
Wolfie on instagram follow me slide my
dance let's get it a little bit of bad
news wolf am cops showed up to the house
apparently this is a party house so
they're like y'all we're just gonna come
this year
there's nothing here you like button
that's Mitch shoutout to Mitch you know
him actually know his rory's
there are honest and coming from me
because I escaped recently just like
real recently go it still got my gear on
he has a prison inmate outfit and it
looks fresh as hell shut up -
Cleveland's very own as well
rain wanna shout out - yeah right shout
out to me rafters all back rosters
although anyways guys I'm gonna end the
vlog here because tonight we're going
out I'm not gonna lie we're going to a
party it's gonna be lit I don't want to
bring the vlog camera because that's
gonna be weird I'm not going as a
youtuber daily vlogger that's kind of
weird smack so like what let's get
35,000 likes on this vlog if you enjoyed
it and if you like the costume let's go
ahead 200,000 likes on my Instagram pic
cuz it's fuckin heat
comment down below happy Halloween so
everyone has a happy Halloween now see
you guys - no more wolf where we stay a
little bit more servants on my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
peace
