little pump is getting ourselves in
vitro 1.1 million
good morning and yo what's good attaboy
Wolfie welcome back to another episode
of more Wolfie if you guys are having an
amazing day and even if you're having a
bad day I need you guys to go down and
smash that like button before we even
begin the video this time we're doing
with our elbow you got five seconds
we'll fam hurry up take your elbow smash
that like button let's go go go go go go
go BAM okay no you guys smash the like
button right now I am in Sylvia and me I
was gonna say Sylvia and I an airbnb I'm
at an Airbnb that happens to belong to
Sylvia and I I think that's all right
Grammer waiting on an uber to go to the
boy's house because right now I'm trying
to send some stuff online but the
problem with the internet here is that
it's gonna take 24 hours to send what I
need and that's unacceptable
as a youtuber as a vlogger you can not
be waiting that long to send anything
like the internet needs to be on fleek
so I have to say bye to Sylvia right now
and cut this air B&B well I'll see you
later see you later
she's editing a video right now on the
bed but she has a bunch of stuff to do
too like 2:30 and then we're gonna link
up as soon as she's done her stuff until
then we are going to go back to the
cloud house for a bit let's get it I
really hope I don't get pants today for
some reason because I was too lazy to
throw it under here this morning so your
boy is not wearing any underwear as we
speak but hopefully we can find my uber
though first order of business today it
is about time your boy needs another
haircut I think I'm gonna take some off
the top and clean up the sides because
my hair is really pissing me off that
yeah bitch spinach my hair is pissing me
off lately just drop the ladder down
good oh I'm sorry did you what are you
talking to me who did you say no oh my
god what a wind no there's some space on
the roof just dropped on the ladder on
Jake's trying to figure out where to get
the helicopter a little ahead but me
we don't go to barbers I would tell you
guys that old Nissan he he's getting
this French beard line up and then
that's when I come in and get
actual haircut I look like a bum I'll be
back and I don't look a bum look like a
bum geez so this is my cut guys short
cut always looks about your boy the
nicest female games let me see your cut
I didn't get a color I just got mine
this guy got his beard lined up ABS he
kills a bright he's ridiculous guys TJ
Hooker is the man where you are looking
all crushing I just look trash all the
time no we're going shopping guys I have
a challenge it's not really a challenge
today I'm not trying to spend too much
know you guys hate when I go shopping
but this is not for me today today last
time I got Xion those earrings those
diamond earrings that you guys really
liked Edwin is the next up I told you
guys if you hit a certain amount of
likes I would get Edwin something he
wants the Gucci fanny pack the red one
that you like hold right here it's like
one of the new ones with the writing on
it backwards kind of expensive she can't
get it but I'm a good friend
look at that look cute God right I got a
haircut too yo the only person that
didn't get a haircut is this guy notice
he doesn't need one he's a beautiful guy
eh oh but notice guys a girl notice that
he never wore hats until I came Ricky
didn't wear a hat before Tina only
waiting for rice we're waiting for raise
your rice I said you can't shower and
you took a shower anyway see Z eyes
that's you bro I know you don't think
that's you there's one black guy on
YouTube that like thirst traps and he's
like oh and then he goes like I can't do
any appropriate any inappropriate stuff
so I'm not trying to get age-restricted
but rice is a big fan of him so hit rice
in the DMZ rice you know crazy what's up
phase up phase up your Ryan phase up
he's a bull a basketball is always a man
oh my god are you really doing this
right now don't throw it out bro throw
the symbol up throw the phase up please
up Nick yeah what if I got the phase
logo.png down my hand
whoa
crazy canceled the Pradas he's right
here I must rest just got to Rodale
worst uber trip of life the uber driver
hates I got here we were playing music
to live but it was your was his fault it
was this guy's fault
Brian was sitting in the front how crazy
is your eyes range the guys like you
guys are like turn it up to them so I
turned up a little the guys do you guys
like was so stressed and then the guys
like this ah thanks from doing it
anyways let's go yeah clearly got here
for 10 seconds and I already bought
something
alright guys race comes logging we're
all vlogging thanks as well but just
know that this version begins now
one go yard bank to go yard and race
behind you with a third go yard bag
we're matching cloaking I've been
searching for this shirt for so long
the Gucci polo with the friggin snake on
it the girl almost broke my heart
because she said we only have a double X
in size in stock and I was like no not
the double X I'll hit xxx cuz I know my
size so she almost broke my heart and
she said oh no wrong pile it's actually
a xxx and I know I said I wasn't gonna
splurge on myself today but this is the
shirt I've been looking for it for like
a month and a half now so I mean it's
the one with the snake around the collar
it doesn't get any more swaggy than that
I'm aged I gotta get this but now
Edwyn I gotta give you your present
which is selling used ok so guys
basically with all the designer they're
like these guys are buying constantly
I'm gonna try and prank rice come my
telling him that there's like this brand
like one of these random brands on the
side of the road that's like dope and he
needs to get it so when I say it you
guys just hype it up you're like of
course that brands like crazy what
irrelevant
oh my god yeah okay so we're gonna do it
when we get to Barney's it's gonna be
late what up it was actually brothers
bro Martin Rose is like a god rose sweat
brothers ish it's worth like hell um
what case
yo race you should cock some Martin Rose
may Russ this is actually kind of mad if
anyone would like this right now drink
loves this off where's the priced or
even but they don't even have the price
really there's no choice thanks for how
much is this 10 I don't know brother I
teach you going for right sighs what is
this
shout out to Ryan for finding this
because it says Bieber is sick and on
the front it says purpose to her you
guys know him the biggest believer in
the world this is crazy
and I dropped I'm stressed thank you
sticking through a food place he said
there's burgers there's no burgers on
the menu there's not one thing on the
menu it's called the grill the guy just
said yeah there's something you can get
it's on a secret menu thing why don't
you just give us the menu so now I'm
panicking thanks is like he forgets a
two minute time frame in the wind again
I wanted to start
he's literally yelling at us he's crazy
like we've never been here so give us
time road okay relax bags just let us
get our food burgers screenshot and find
the burger and I'll give you guys my
channel find a burger please
it doesn't exist on the menu by number
how do you say burger and french albums
well bamboos walk hablas long picture
pictures nap you know your hands
yo-yo doesn't officially deliver it this
place
thanks for having a cheeseburger use a
snowstorm Jones oh hello sir we have
your ribeye steak
no no yo why did they serve you catch up
an Aladdin's Jean you got a freeway shot
so I got this tip and I didn't really
know what it was what there's no chips
or anything to dip in it I think it
might just put on top of your food he
gave us for one time chip through five
dollars I am oh I'm never coming back
here never come back here again
okay guys I know this vlog has been a
little bit all over the place but
there's been a lot of stuff happening in
the past couple days so I've been trying
to keep it together and making sense the
last clip was literally us having dinner
last night haven't vlogged since last
night all the way until this morning we
were working on some stuff which is
coming very soon so stay tuned for that
can't talk about it but there's a lot of
Secrets okay wolf em there's a lot of
Secrets but we are going to be me and
bye we at me and me and Ryan are gonna
be reacting to Gucci gang buy low pump
you guys know I love little pump and you
guys have been requesting it out the
house I mean it's literally only a two
minute music video so I don't know what
he has in store for us I've heard the
song a billion times I know pretty much
every lyric in the damn song I am Gucci
gang okay so I don't know what to expect
but there's like 19 million views in a
few days I've been holding this off
because I wanted to react to it with you
guys even though you guys probably
already seen the music video by now but
we bout to watch this so smash the like
button let's get into this reaction baby
geez alright guys so here we go the
Bryan's looking at himself a little bit
extra today it's because you can't see
himself in the camera after what what is
the worry I'll move it back a bit cuz
it's we need to be able to see what's
happening guys welcome to the DIY
kitchen there's so much space for all
your so much space on that side oh my
mad about his face anyways we got the
music video in front of us without
further ado hopefully it's not too much
echo in this room I mean that's why I
bought this mic so it can help with the
echo reduction so let's get it this
guy's got thirty six thousand subs today
little pump little pump is getting
ourselves the Negro's 1.1 million okay
here we go
coochi game no Punk couch again we got
the range which is getting high oh my
god this guy's double Cup Gucci down
Joey I'm pausing it why does he have a
target but why is he 17 years old this
was stressing here I was 17 and all that
Gucci gang middle school 17 year old I
love low pump but like how is this
senator I don't get it character she
seems like he's little playful ready if
you got mad double chilling with the
tiger bro
everybody has designer clothing you
don't when I was little I wanted to go
to Zoey 101 High School pc8 or right or
whatever it's called pistol now I want
to go to Gucci yeah this is where I want
to go now guys I want to be in Gucci
gang high I can do this yeah you're
seven so you couldn't go there though no
not because of the age because like the
clothing you go to hmmm each and every
to the Banger H&M H&M eBay 30 bucks on a
new five shirts and he's got Gucci hair
notice I know this is underrated part of
the song but yo go to one minute in ten
seconds and look at the tiger yeah does
the ad liberal watch this knowing pounds
gross the teachers doing libro teachers
my bailout dual cocaine yoky is no happy
ROI your nose happy at 1 minute and 30
seconds sour belts are happy like yeah
what are they called if you've watched
youtube for time
comment down below what knees are called
no idea gay bacon strips
what gay bacon strips you said that Epic
Meal Time oh they call these gay bacon
strips guys fun fact the enola but yeah
this guy's tired I feel like these days
bro every rapper the only way you could
be rappers if you have dreads and
probably sounds out rivers are there
these stats little in your name
lil yeah I'm need little something and
then stats and like designer clothing
yeah and Reds like dreads help Xavier
Dredd's helped a lot
and uh but like usually one or two phase
tats like if your lilz an you can have
like the zze tree on your head against
big big big big how did the video don't
pump we're gonna need you to pie this
loser in the face right after the food
fight seed can you do it it's like no
hate to no pump cuz i got obviously love
the song and this guy's swagged out and
he's very successful all the best to low
pump cuz i put it hard but the music
video i feel like was a little rushed we
filmed in one day
this is a four hour session sister how
is the teacher mad he just threw we that
the principal's head this is through a
pound of weed of the principal's head oh
my god what is the point what I was
trying to follow the storyline I have
lost the song I was throwing he tossed
the teacher the the lead and then he
just tossed the pounder we did the
principal's head top I'm lost well let
me replay that hold up and say yo oh my
god hold up we're watching this and 4k
by the way she's like what are you doing
one critique I have wrote a song is
there needs to be more ass but other
than that good song trippy music videos
so I mean on that trip your edge I can't
even hate it alone nine out of ten nine
point five nine point five it so anyways
guys there I reacted to it I hope you're
freakin happy now I can move on with my
damn day Wolfie laughs calm by the
numerous 15% off hurry up we're almost
sold out wolf M do not forget to get the
merchants let's go just so you know
things are getting real with the
clubhouse I'm behind pillows garbage
bags toilet paper garbage can and
everything for the house I've been in
the house long enough to need the simple
things that I just like blown off and
blown off and blown off today's the day
where I'm actually finally getting them
and Ryan you haven't like we've been
sleeping in the same bed no homo I love
you bro I gotta get you an air mattress
today things need to change
we found the air mattresses and Ryan
you're getting the twin one I know
you're stressed then you probably want
like a queen or a king but save your
money on your thought we're getting the
twin so now that we got all that stuff
ready we just cleaned the room back at
the clubhouse this is the Airbnb for an
hour saying farewell to it because some
weird happened last night there was like
a guy who tried breaking in to the air
B&B when Sylvia was alone and she had to
bring out
so the legit has a sleeping bag you
tried to break into the sliding door as
a sleep is that for the morning I was on
my scooter
for in the morning look at this this is
the door the guy tried coming in any
couldn't see me the lights were off in
here but I could see his shadow and hear
him trying to get in and I was just so
petrified I literally almost shot my pal
very creepy situation guys but I told
Sylvia if I was here I was I was asleep
yeah the police actually did come if it
was me though the guy would have been
absolutely dead all right I told Sylvia
I was like yo I would slowly pull up
this thing I would slowly pull up this
thing it'd just be like this and look at
her in the face to tell you what's good
it's good you couldn't move
so this Airbnb is officially over not
like it's a nice Airbnb and everything
but I mean we're not trying to get
broken into and that's not happy to have
the cloud home so we're going there and
actually I'm going to show you guys when
we get there how clean the room is now
cuz there's a girl I'm H leaving the
hair VM video whose tech deck is this so
we are back I told you guys I would
clean the room still not exactly how I
pictured it nothing is really clean but
I promise you in tomorrow's vlog
everything is gonna be tidied up in like
perfect order I'm gonna stack the closet
because I'm tired of my stuff being like
laid out right here this is ridiculous I
want a room okay I don't feel like I own
a room gotta fix these curtains that
only these maybe six these curtains are
kind of broken over there over there get
those lights gonna through maybe cut a
moat Sylvie's alright now she's out for
like some Halloween party I decided to
take it easy tonight and just kick it in
even though literally just going to the
store to pick up candy everybody is out
I feel like I'm not even cool anymore
cuz like what's going on why is
everybody else up like this Halloween
assignment Halloween yeah and then your
boys out here just rocking better than
Halloween Mert won't be rap star called
50% off and the hat oh my god go cop
this this hoodie is selling ridiculous
amounts so it's almost sold out I highly
advise my wolf am to go buy it right now
before it gets sold out because I mean
you want to wear it you want to be part
of the wolf and we're like the most
savage people ever so gold carpet link
in the description I'm gonna end the
vlog off there it's been a long long
long vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it if
you did do not forget to go down and
smash that like button
35,000 likes is what I'm aiming for on
this vlog wolf am so if you could go
down and hit
but maybe help your boy will feel a bit
that would be greatly appreciated love
you guys so much comment down below
twizz nation and i will see you guys
soon on my wolf who will be stay a
little more social memory and as always
stay savage i'm running the hot tub
peace
