this is monster Wolfie that's why you
don't mess on your knee I know what's
gonna cheer Wolfie welcome back tomorrow
Wolfie guys I am exhausted
I literally cannot open my eyes this
morning I literally have like the most
Asian eyes ever but we out here my
throat hurts a little bit I might be
getting a little sick but today look at
the view that I woke up to guys like ACK
come on are you kidding me we got this
this looks so much better in the daytime
with the wide-angle lens - this is
ridiculous
shout out to the foam blocks over there
- that's lit I'm super excited to start
off today's vlog because I have no idea
what we're doing but I just know that
we're at rug so something's gonna pop
off so if you guys are excited for
another vlog go down and smash that like
button with your nose that's it 35,000
likes before we even begin this vlog
because we're doing big things out here
we're doing big things here yeah I'm
gonna hit that like button and if you
have not for some reason cop to the new
Wolfie wraps merch it's already selling
like crazy wolf your apps calm 15% off
for the next few days so hurry up we'll
fam go cop yourself a hack or copper
yourself a hoodie we restocked on
everything hurry up
link in the description wolf your ass
comm go go go go go you want to be like
me and have one of these go crap it
let's go see what everyone's up to which
people it's spoiled people problems oh
my god no no no no no I thought the view
upstairs is crazy look at the view from
this room tell me how you're sitting and
the view is an infinity pool off the
mountain home aged I gotta go in that
pool today
bye Bosley alright so guys right now
we're headed off to a place that you
would obviously know if you've seen any
rug video any tan or Fox video any like
there's a lot of youtubers that I've
been here place called SD rap the reason
I haven't took my car to get rapped or
get pimped out is because I live in
Canada places in the States but rug is
getting his Range Rover wrapped so right
now we're just gonna go check up on it
right I say Range Rover because
those are in the rug girl he's getting
his Lambo wrap obviously I'm not gonna
spoil the color I'm not gonna show you
anything today
but I just want to let you guys know
that wolfy is stepping in to SD rap like
with my own two feet so maybe there's
another car that I can show that's
pretty cool but you have a name for your
for your Lambo I call it the Rambo like
we're a rug rat Lambo like Rambo or like
like cause like you know Bryson tiller
bo the song goes like song I'm in
trouble
oh they begging for mercy like the Lambo
you know okay first two lines I know
they want to see me fart look where I am
though on two feet that's where I stand
though I'm a big I've seen him like
three times I have never seen him live
but I want to see him live but I'm
waiting for him to drop a little more
music anyways we're here now I'll update
you guys in a bit but most of the
footage is gonna be on rug channel let's
get it I cannot least show these guys
you know I mean like there's some nice
cars on the outside so I'm kind of aged
my dad's age to this Porsche and I made
to this Tesla with the brushed metal
paint you can see the texture come on
actually so we're at st wrap right now
drugs kind of seeing his car it's
ridiculous like I don't even know what
to say Ryan what do you think of the car
you can't say the color cuz I don't want
to spoil anything but like let's just
say I'm a matte purple yeah yes exposed
no guys I'm aged to the color like this
is like one of my favorite colors so if
you know me you know the color but there
could be like there could be like 10
photos that it is now they don't know
they don't know like they don't one two
three red you guys will never guess it
what ask me a question Wolfie trivia
okay get your friends I support you okay
that's my first video on YouTube rapping
with DJ my cover it was you said rapping
with DJ I'll give him points I'll give
them points for that
a cover was it krump if you stand up or
something like that anyways guys they
got free drinks and - mhm bro I told you
I don't watch your videos I don't watch
that said I don't know I don't know it
was surprising somebody and all the
front guys for those you guys think I
don't watch his videos guys I actually
don't
I should probably ask who this but I'm
will for your apps at the end of the day
so you know what I mean I'm not just
like I'm just grab it like me like I'm
with the rust rugs getting some crazy
car done so I feel like I deserve a
drink or something you know can Ryan
swings out oh no
okay coke has the most calories though
yeah stop putting our front row opener /
ugh home sweet home we're back and I
think everyone's gonna be editing for
the next little while but I'm not gonna
be editing because screw that come here
buzzy come on come on you can sit there
and Burke all day but should I just come
here to me good boy good boy
was he cut cut cut okay Bazzi I'll wait
at the top of the stairs when you're
comfortable you can come back up and say
hi you can't hide there
Leslie come here come to Wolfie this is
ridiculous guys usually I'm in the
opposite shoes like when people come to
my house I have to make my dogs like
them and now I'm here in Bosnia is
literally just like hating on me for no
reason so I'm just gonna go around the
corner see if he comes back which I know
you what Bosley come come come come
go around the corner and wait till you
can't see me Bosley
you see the camera
huzi come back come back come in get me
it's just your boy Wolfie where you
going where you going
it's Wolfie chill chill take it easy
take it easy take it easy
hey take it easy take it easy you stress
these tests you see I'm not in shape for
this I'm not my life okay come back I
just want to pay you I just want to play
I just wanna play come here good boy
okay guys he's stressed Easter this is
not you get dogs to like you but Yolo
give me I'm gonna get you yeah you can't
keep doing the same lap how many times
you gonna do it you're running out of
breath I can see it I'm gonna cut them
off when you try and force a dog to be
your friend oh my god think I might have
ran into his parents room so now I'm
gonna go over I'm gonna go over there
but this house is so massive that I
don't even know how the rooms I'm
entering guys like this is random
bathrooms going out to the balcony and
his house and stuff Jesus Rock never
gave me the full official tour we only
saw like the far side of the house I
don't think I've ever been in a house
this big
hey fozzy if I come to this room are you
gonna go chill with me or what you all
right now
now you want to be friends I'll sit down
here and you can come to me come here
okay I'm not gonna hurt you you sketched
out why a sketch I'm a nice guy I
promise okay I'm gonna come to you
slowly
this was my hand out I'm not threatening
you you can see me at your own pace I'm
even gonna come sideways guys dog
whisperer Wolfie I'm gonna teach you
don't put your body over them because
then they're gonna feel threatened and
go really slow but dog whisperer Wolfie
0 VAR z 1
I swear by the time I leave this house
you're gonna be my friend I don't care
well Ryan and rug are editing your boy
is too lazy to do that right now I feel
like I'm gonna go on this trampoline I
don't know if it's broken I don't know
what videos have been filmed on here I
know there's been a few backflip
challenges and stuff like that so
hopefully this doesn't fall on me when
I'm on it
oh yeah we're good oh we're chilling
we're chilling
let's go so guys I've never been able to
do like a backflip or really a front
flip on the trampoline backflip I've
done a few times but that was like back
in the day when I actually had
confidence and now I'm just shook about
like injuring myself in any way shape or
form I'm gonna try and learn now it
always evens your way down will collapse
on time you know to get it
I don't think there's not enough surface
area on the trampoline for me to be
trying to front flip right now I'm too
long of a person I'm too big I weigh too
much I'm exhausted off for like three
flips but on a good note look at this
view during the day step up front here
you can literally see people golfing
right on the golf course come on and it
goes all the way around here we got nice
houses way down there all the way up on
the mountains if you can see the tip of
that one that's dope the infinity pool
is ridiculous like Krug was definitely
golfing off of here into there which is
not not good this infinity pool is
insane this what it looks like from the
other side like that it's even got a
moat and stuff solar panel here to give
power to my laptop because they know I'm
a daily vlogger I think I might have to
swim like literally it's so lonely has
wolf come visit me these guys are too
busy editing I'm stressed I need someone
to swim with Sylvia's in LA I'm in San
Diego by the way guys right doesn't know
what it's about anything this guy's so
bad at spelling I was like yo we're
going to San Diego tomorrow this guy
went on Instagram and tried doing like a
wavy picture with a wavy caption with
the location being San Diego and then he
spelled D I a instead of an E and then
he put like a Y and then deleted it and
then they ki tried like four different
spellings before I was like yo it's di e
Gio okay Diego there's no a he's like I
thought that was a he doesn't even know
we're here
I need a drink wash I'm gonna go try and
see if he knows how to spell it
welcome to Wolfie trivia quick question
for you are you a wolf am how do you
spell mouth how do you spell okay you're
old
thank you question how do you spell San
Diego you have five seconds ago a and B
diag Oh
on that note you guys see I'm not lying
he's dead serious two DS one a no I
don't have any money year old so guys I
was just re watching footage from
yesterday's vlog and if you guys
remember as soon as we touch down in to
San Diego or as soon as we touch down
into Old Town I snuck a smoothie bottle
into Ryan's bag if you don't remember
that here's the clip
and I was just re-watch in the vlog and
it still might be in there so he hasn't
even noticed until the next day guys
this guy's a dirty human that's how you
can tell someone's not a clean person
yeah guys it's been in there all day
probably more shop it's probably like
going Dookie like bad and rotten for
thumbnail but me guys I always got to
review my vlog so right now I'm in the
current review process this is what it
looks like when I upload a vlog I look
at it and I have to rewatch the whole
thing to make sure everything's good
because there's been some mess ups
before it's of vlogs and I don't want to
make sure any nip slips are going in the
vlogs because you know sometimes I have
some like nip slips like this which I
blurt out obviously this is a nip slip
but I don't want to get age-restricted
so that's a blurting so just chill just
take it easy huh yo he wants to be on
the camera so bad so there's a lot of
foam cubes these are the infamous foam
cubes that rug has made a billion things
out of on his channel as you can see
they're losing colour that losing shape
I think this is gonna take a while
it's literally over a hundred degrees
Fahrenheit outside right now which is
over 40 degrees Celsius as we learned
last vlog which means it's really hot
you guys really hot so I was like yo we
need to make some shade so I think I'm
gonna make a DIY fort right now with
these foam cubes it's guys sitting on
furniture it's just you know hopefully
it doesn't take too long because I might
actually pass out because of the heat
but let's start building this for it
smash the like button if you want me to
jump off the roof right there and land
in these foam block and I'll do it right
you'll do it too nope you did you like
wrestling as a kid though I did so then
just do it so on Tom bomb what's another
wrestling move Tombstone Piledriver off
the roof okay if you guys don't know
what either of those moves are these are
what they are
that's what they the roof is probably
like a 15-foot drop but if there's
enough cubes I mean you're probably not
gonna get injured or or maybe I'll just
like jump from the roof into the pool or
something that well let's get it started
here we go
begin so guys right now
I've just partially built the left side
of the wall I'm not really good with
these and they're like crusting all my
fingers and stuff because they've been
used a thousand times but let's keep
going making good progress guys actually
way quicker than I expected by Marty
studying selects it is so so friggin hot
outside but you gotta do what you gotta
do old man I told you I'm gonna do it so
let's continue again
guys starting to wobble it might fall
soon so we gotta hurry up
look at this for it guys this fort is
coming along so night we're almost done
we just have like two more blocks to put
here all we wanted to do is block out
the Sun so that we could get cooler but
this is literally shaking like a mod mod
right now no more block the final block
here we go and the fort is complete
let's go we got the fort now check it
out guys we can go inside we are now
safe from the Sun no Sun can get me even
though there's still nothing on top
because like putting stuff on top is a
lot harder we are good to go real Ryan
come in here there's lots of space braum
literally sweating right now
yo come come get a my house to her bro
TV would go right here maybe we'll pimp
it out tomorrow or something but for now
a flat-screen TV right there couch right
here stove here not bad eh
okay go in there go in there see if it's
spacious watchin TV bro so what's the
MTV Cribs look okay cha cha cha the
piano is broken no home run landed in
the puddle right over there okay nice
house to her rug left this guy left I
think the house tour was too small for
his big-ass house early here anyways
guys we made something to stay away from
the Sun because it's too hot shade alert
but you know me and Ryan literally
haven't eaten much today in the morning
mama rug shoutout to her bless her soul
she got a Starbucks we'll go sit up in
the morning with Starbucks and like
sandwiches from Starbucks it was
delicious but it wasn't enough and after
we ate like that home-cooked kind of
meal that they ordered and they said
there was home cook yesterday yesterday
I needed to go feed this belly diet
Wolvie though healthy healthy guys
always stay healthy and always more
importantly go by the merch wolfy raps
calm 15% off limited time only only the
next few days hurry up and cop your
merch right now go pause the video got
proper merch right now I love you guys
hold let's get it actually before we
leave guys faze rug you didn't like you
kind of help me build a fort but you're
too busy uploading your video so because
of that go take your foam block in your
pool actually take two in your pool foam
block prank and we can make this for
later but I was really craving this I'm
about to run into it and dust it with a
spinning leg kick cut out of my way you
talk this was
happen to you and you want some no eat
bro this is monster wolfy that's why you
don't mess around you talk all right
there's so much dust but but yo yo bro
we're gonna have to remake that all
later I'm stressed okay let's go
do you like me yet Bosley no not yet
let me paint you come on just a pet I'm
not gonna hurt you yeah come on you it's
good it's not even eight it I'm gonna
throw up
come on bossy I'm not gonna do anything
what are you doing what you want
play-doh rug for hooking and demand em
up with food just like they have a lot
of stuff on the side but usually when I
come to places like these they have like
combo plates where you can like get a
bit of this chicken a bit of this like
pork or something for this one you can
only get one like one option so I just
got a general tab chicken to play it
safe because I know that's lit with some
noodles and it's on rug because he's
like treating his guests kid him and his
mom and his dad or all the nicest people
ever his dog bars is not the best okay
but boss you gotta grow me okay after an
hour and a half waiting
shout out to rug again for buying us the
food of course he's the best host ever
in general Chow noodles and Gado amazed
yo rug just snapped me out on snapchat
you got more savage fans of me Loki no
let me hold one of these let me open one
of these - yo Ryan no you're playing
Papa rug the King this is port though
pull video will be on their channel not
not this and I'm just getting some
behind the scenes okay oh yeah if you
lose the Papa you're not the best ball
Oh Ryan's about to be on fire I put a
hundred on Ryan yeah just like a quick
game yeah I hit the first you know I'm
never playing ball again never play ball
yet my last shot go ahead eat shop
roguish thumb wet no no chance it don't
it's the last shot the last shot bro
that's like nine shots you have to do
again and they're all Phil's the game I
know pressure bro chill you are wet he
hit literally every shot before you know
you don't leave this all in are you here
- yeah Oh Papa Rock might finish it then
you live on camera
you're lying our cameras smash that like
guys everyone chance to get Papa rug is
the winner of the game
I wasn't saying Lincoln description will
be to his channel go subscribe to him as
if he had that shot I've been only 5
times on their channel so go check their
channel they come to mind and watch
saying everyone here's a bothering cept
for me I'll just stick to drinking water
here guys big big news big news
I know Bosley didn't like me it's all
good even though
Fozzie didn't like me there's a special
guest that just arrived at the house
Benji you guys know Benji reminds me of
Prince and wolfy jr. so much this makes
me miss my dogs look at what I'm working
with right here Benji Sylvia I know
you're watching the vlog they're gonna
see a guy what type of dog is he teddy
bear it's a shih tzu and Bichon mix good
boy okay Benji let's experiment vengi
yeah he likes my designer bag guys this
is what a real dog is like you they just
cuddle you Rossi I know you just got to
warm up to me come on come here
like even Benji come here for a second
Benji go Benji yeah he doesn't know it
was not a sitter anything likes it Benji
Benji Benji
where you going not outside so guys that
is the cutest dog I've ever seen in my
life
thank you other than my dog's prince is
cuter than that for sure Prince is way
cuter but still Benji is a cutie Benji
come here for a second
Benji's outside benji that time you like
my doggies good boy
guys look at this dog are you kidding me
like what's going on out here okay you
can go to your dad
you can go to your dad come on you met
the wolf fam come on everyone smash like
one for Benjy and hit the like button if
I should get another dog three dogs even
though I can barely take care of my two
cute dog alert so guys I think it's
finally come to that time we're
officially leaving rugs house but
there's two things that I need to say
before we leave rugs house one thing is
that I just posted the most lit
Instagram pic of life and I'll be
following and damning a bunch you guys
that liked it boom this is the Pape we
took it on this staircase ruggers right
there I was right there it's absolutely
flames so if you have not for some
reason following me on Instagram and
snapchat boom boom there's my Instagram
there's my snapchat my Instagram is
Wolfie my snapchat is Wolfie raps add
your boy on those because we did some
crazy stuff today that is not gonna be
on this vlog because it's too
inappropriate but if you want to see it
add your boy instantly on both of those
and be because we're leaving this guy's
house no I don't know we'll see you I'll
see you in a week or so hope okay I miss
you bro thank you for all the
hospitality your voice I love you bro
ease now is the tough part
la is two hours away we just requested
it uber this is the first phone call of
the uber the face the face you know what
what is that face what is it me
light-skinned what does that make you
feel
like what do you feel are you cheese
listen no yeah I'm super stressed and
cheese knows the language we just saw
today yo call the uber oh this is the
what I like to call will the ubers drive
us to LA welcome back I'm your host
Wolfie it's a to our mission away so
before the uber makes his way here which
is like 15 minutes we're gonna see if he
actually is down to freakin driver
Stanley first phone call I'm saying this
is a--not hello is this pretty Hubert I
was just wondering I just didn't want to
waste your time I was just we were
headed to LA so I was wondering if that
has any effect on the uber ride yeah
okay
because I live down in San Diego and
this is like gonna be my last ride and
you're heading down at the airport
didn't go that way yeah okay
understandable that's why I just want to
give it a call and heads-up yeah
understandable yeah it's pretty far it's
like two hours the first one's a flop
first was a flop so that was attempt
number one Paul you let us down Paul you
let us down
cancel the uber request one handsome
yeah we gotta cancel each cancel is five
bucks on my card actually yeah every
over you cancels five minutes or five
bucks so American to grow which is like
seven Canadian that's one will ask if
they can cancel okay David is the second
uber on the phone let's see what David
says
hello hi this this is the person that is
called the uber yeah I was just
wondering we are headed to LA so I
didn't want to waste your time so I was
wondering if you would actually drive us
to LA I just didn't want to waste your
time like we want to go to LA so we were
wondering if that was too far or that's
fine it's like two hours it's it's like
two hours is that ok thank you so much
Bing Bing okay we live in a gated
community because we're pretty rich um
so we're just do one give you the gate
code okay guys so you just heard that
uber number two I think his name is
David you pulled through bro shout-out
to you you're getting a shot on the vlog
the wolf am now loves you because now we
can get back to LA let's go David you're
the real MVP
so guys I just got back to the air beat
I can I think just get back to the air
BnB I got back to the air BnB last leg
shadow to David for driving this uber
driver was like a speed demon we got
back and I never want to promote
speeding but this guy somehow the drive
said it was gonna be three hours but
when I passed out in the car we were
home in like less than two hours so this
guy was killing it he got us home really
really quickly but I was super tired
when I got back so I passed out in this
bed
Soviet has an Airbnb here this is pretty
much like kind of similar to the last
time a and B we had super nice super
simple but I'm gonna end the vlog off
there because I gotta get started with
today's vlog I was just too tired last
night guys today's vlog is gonna be
super lit so it expects something
exciting tomorrow smash the like button
if you did enjoy this blog and if you
want me to go back to San Diego more to
see rug because I love the kid to death
go smash that like button let's hit 35
thousand likes on this vlog comment down
below other youtubers who want me to
collab with because now that I'm gonna
be out here for a while your boys
starting to travel it was just like last
second like pretty much like the morning
of when me and Ryan decided oh we're
gonna train to San Diego so we're down
to do a lot of Yolo stuff like that so
comment down below and I will see you
guys soon on where Wolfie where we stay
a little bit more savage than my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
