I'm clicking it oh I got it I'm not good
morning at yo what's get your boy wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy guys it is
extremely hot in LA this morning just
woke up after passing out it's so hot in
LA that your boy actually passed out on
this couch outside these are my pillows
for the night this is my blanket which
is just like a rug I was so tired last
night that as soon as I touched down on
that frigging couch I absolutely killed
but today we are back with another
banger vlog today guys we are doing
another collab video so before I even
begin you guys already know what it is
go down and smash that like button let's
hit 35 likes on this video and today I
want you to hit the like button with
something I've never asked you to hit it
with before your ring finger this is
your ring finger this is the finger you
get when you get married you guys have
five seconds take this finger so I can
figure up ready this one go go go go go
hit that like button hit it okay bless
you hit the like button today we are
going to go see I don't know if you guys
guessed it I read some comments a lot of
you guys did guess it we're going to see
faze rug go want to see faze rug yeah
your big fan your huge rug fan okay he's
not ready I don't know if piranhas
Brandon is gonna be there but we're
gonna go see faze rugs but the problem
with faze rug is that currently he lives
in San Diego now with LA traffic and
everything I did not know how far San
Diego was away I was under the
impression that it is literally like an
hour and a half max away but when you go
midday it's like four hours to four and
a half hours away so it's like pretty
much not close at all it's like from
where Ottawa is to Toronto which is a
mission but we actually asked around and
me and Ryan found this thing called like
the surf liner or something and
basically it's a train that goes along
the edge of the water so you guys can
like sightsee the whole time I got
business class on the train and it's
only a two-hour or like two and a half
hour train ride so I can probably be
productive maybe like a challenge on the
plane I don't know what I'm gonna do yet
but we just booked the train it comes in
like an hour and a half we have to pack
because I think we might be staying
overnight I got a few things here I
don't really know what I need to bring
the phaser house but one thing I know
for sure is that from going to San Diego
a we need to freaking cruise around in
the Range Rover be we need to cruise
around in his new Lamborghini and see I
need to go to that damn haunted tunnel
so if you guys want me
to man up I know a lot of you guys asked
for it like way back when I went to
VidCon I said I was gonna go in the
tunnel I am keeping that promise I'm
gonna go in the tunnel if drugged I'm
very scared but please hit the like
button on this video because I need all
the motivation I can get anyways guys
look at this I know you can't really see
heat but it is a hundred and five
degrees Fahrenheit right now that is
ridiculous the art like for all my
Canadian viewers because that's how we
measure temperature you don't do
Fahrenheit I know a lot of you Americans
every American does that 105 very night
oh my god
yo yo guess how much it is guess I found
this outside 41 degrees Celsius 41
degrees Celsius 41 degrees Celsius round
up 40 I do not remember the lot ko who
the fuck is driving this lap sorry
come on trying to vlog here yeah I swear
they're just doing it to piss me off
but guys 41 degrees Celsius I think the
last time I dealt with something like
even close to that maybe even like
thirty five was like years ago so it's
very hot meaning I have to pack shorts
and I have to pack tank tops which I
didn't really bring many tank tops so I
might have to go shopping with rug and
when you go shopping with rug rug flexes
and spend money at it's gonna be a
stressful day guys but I hope you guys
are having an amazing day let's get the
day started saying that he really got to
these bands no no no no I'm a to this
movie name oh my god okay it is hot
thank you very much
we're on route to the train station me
and Ryan haven't eaten the heat is gonna
take so much out of us but if we don't
you had your two double big mess
like I was saying we haven't eaten yet
so hopefully we find food at the train
station getting over the hills has never
been so hard there's mad construction
ooh
we gotta get somewhere alright guys now
is when that's getting hectic because
our train is in like honestly I think
like 20 minutes we don't have much time
to talk you don't have much time to do
anything we haven't eaten all day we're
gonna try and find our way but me and
Ryan are asking mad questions right now
I think we're finding the right way to
go though everybody right now in this
train station is wearing some LA apparel
there's mad Dodgers apparel in here
but speaking of apparel guys it's so hot
here but good thing I have my new wolf
your apps merch right here it's just so
sweat resistant and everything it feels
so comfortable under any weather and
like the hot does the same thing so low
cop yourself some there's a 15% discount
on everything because the launch is lit
right now so hurry up wolf MgO cop it we
went too far
what six feet let eleven be 11 it's good
stress to me Ryan thinks we've gone too
far
please we cannot miss this train if we
miss this train we're not going to San
Diego and I think I see a sign that says
in the
this reminds me of the haunted tunnel
liner because we are gonna be seeing a
scenic view of La all along the
coastline we're gonna be surfing it but
it's not loud in here so I'll talk to
you guys let me get in the tree we made
it we made it we made it we got like so
we don't have food yet and I don't know
what I'm gonna bring the food out but
thank God we're inside because they're
conditioning and it was like a hundred
degrees outside please feed me feed me
fake food please feed me feed me
wait I'm telling you talk talk all this
you want but pull up pull up if you're
gonna talk pull the hell up
he gave us some chocolate chip cookies
and some other snack two minutes into
the trip because our business class
the snacks are long but I have to say is
Pacific goes like look at your feet
I should be looking at those you know
I'm stressed it closed down factories
Pacific oh don't take it don't take it
yo your cup gosh this very place this is
where we're in the employee lounge
there's no stairs down here there's
random seats yo yo yo
no one's here no one's here probably
saying they have the pepperoni pizza
that I wanted
and crackers and chips covers from aged
oh I'm aged or they make its movie that
will fit I hope you die with people so
I'm probably gonna go get the other to
be honest because he's a lot more oh
that would be theirs are we rockin
hummus ginger ale habitat this movie and
a literature that wolf is only half that
wolfy entrains what their hot dogs no
mom
I'm stressed as I got a
we're gonna see how long it takes
something to notice that I just snuck a
smoothie in his bed cuz I get already
anyways guys we got off executive move
we decided to get off at a place called
old town it's not where we supposed to
go to which was downtown San Diego but
rug literally like last second I text I
was like yo there's a stop at Old Town
and I know traffic's bad so is this pot
like easier for you to get us at he's
like yeah like seven minutes there ten
minutes closer so we are here at the
train station
nobody is here the train laughs totally
we really can't get back on the train
pius here our stuff is here rugs not
here the worst case we've been over why
would there be a rug here bro cement
slabs no rugs anyways that's of course I
told raagas like yo I'm too lazy to
friggin uber another 40 minutes after
we've been training for three hours so
pull up with the range and let's just at
least bump tunes the whole ride home bro
so he's like fine Wolfie I'll come
that makes me miss home you trained home
to see me okay too many emotions going
through my head I just want a bump
friggin little Uzi no rug where are you
bro Prague we've been here so long Ryan
stretching on a pole over there row
please don't ditch Esther out please
okay we just just want to come to San
Diego too sad about Channel three hours
where are you
Ryan's literally doing push-ups on the
pool right now hey up no that's not you
where you going bro that's not him rug
which means make her hair real quick
kill apparently parked over there
hey all right oh oh oh no no no no no no
no no no no come on is this the rug
Hoover the rover take this up higher we
gotta load this up tour for everybody
Bravo why do you guys have a golf cart
though can we go just through the
neighborhood I've seen you in a lot of
videos
I'm tall very very tall hi Ryan
hey Marge we little tour of the house
guys we pulled up two rugs all right
welcome to the crib this is Emily camper
run show me around here's where we never
sit but we've got myself on the wall
right there what's this what my manager
Gord made for me no way yeah I swear
it's sick my milestones and everything
raised up this is the phase room this
entrance ridiculous double staircase bro
you know many block forts have you ever
put blocks here and jumped off oh hell
no I'm not doing it on tile 50,000 likes
guys will get it done somehow we have
caught up Brian
right yeah
okay okay okay air mattress me extra
spot setup amazing you guys no no no man
grass straight yeah I like to pee on
grass I'm down yo Ryan is your bed this
is my bed no I thought that was a lie I
thought that was a mirror okay that's
too high too high I'm crazy the holy Sh
guys this is a lot bigger than my house
that I own but I mean it's cousin Ottawa
we don't know him big as the new dog no
he's not here right now
I mean into a babysitter he's too much
that he goes too much all the magic
happens although in the Ouija board I
literally just played it in there
yesterday bro let's take that 100,000
lights we'll take the Ouija board again
back to the tunnel and we'll do some
crazy this is my wardrobe all right nah
yeah we've seen enough Oh has the same
magazine copies me I got it fertilized
dude I don't think we're in for rug
anything okay let me see the backyard I
just want to see the back
cuz they're lights in the backyard yeah
guys this is Broadus his old room
he left though he knew me and Ryan were
coming so he didn't want to come come on
all right cut cut
I don't want to say anyways pull they
set up a food kebabs chicken salad for
DIY diet wolfy oh yeah I've seen this
backyard in too many vlogs know this
view this view this view this view is
ridiculous aged yo can you relax
what is this bar fireplace bar Triple E
man Faline view crazy infinity pool
overlooking the mountains hot tub when I
first moved in I used to throw golf
balls back to the how far is it golf
course for me when you're so rich that
you live right beside a golf course
I saw your video bro I'm a rug rat but I
watch your vids and then guys you have
another range just because the one range
wasn't good enough
oh the blocks this is guys this is a
sign when youtubers buy toy cars yeah
you know something's coming
I'm just saying oh yeah that's wavy and
the poem blocks maybe we'll do something
that those we're gonna be here for like
a day maybe two days maybe I don't even
know how long
smash the like button in Klout gang and
I'm moving in to like I mean we have
some room okay guys and then comment
down below where you live and we'll
bring you here but I'll see you guys in
a bit we're gonna eat peace you know
there's a bunch of big youtubers in the
room a like me and mama rug yeah you
know me subscriber she has a lot no how
many do you guys I don't know go check
her channel right now as you get your
live reactions I don't know Zana up she
hasn't one of you yeah
exactly my friends yeah no my dad edits
key odds Matt edits to the videos to my
dad stepping back into the range rule
actually the brother over what am I
saying range over we are going to
robotics to the basketball game he
ditched us to go play and I said nah no
you're not gonna get away buddy we're
gonna come to your game cuz I'm your
base fan all right so we're going there
right now Ryan's the best basketball
player on YouTube hands down you guys
know you better than you better than
Brandon huh what whose band meet you
there
you're not on the court and not on the
court bro leave it to your brother
Without Borders from the building
I should finally beat him we met him in
prison you guys know I'm gonna vlog all
the messes up if he messes up live I
know he needs to work on his jump shot
so I'm excited about the game because my
best friend is best basketball player on
YouTube guys bro he beat Chris London
and race one-on-one now you didn't hear
me I killed you are you crazy
fun fact Ryan you just said on your blog
but I didn't realize it star called the
Devin Booker Suns I knew they liked the
Suns but I don't walk around calling
myself the Kobe Bryant's okay didn't
call you out live on blog you want to
sweep the court mid game
I won't I won't freak the card I'm not
gonna see the gun a hundred thousand
likes
last week tutorial for my videos I do it
yeah I would I'll take off my shirt my
shorts to go watch rug on his chair cuz
I ain't doing that so guys there's this
one rep here who gets mad he's like I
had cheese every time anyone steps on
the court so I think I'm a troll oh this
is him right here obviously in the rep
costume
I might roll him bro he kicked me off
the court he kicked me off the court I'm
probably just gonna walk up as close as
I can to the court
no I ever talk to me again don't ever
talk to me from a long offseason Bharata
so dispersed what the hell is he doing
let's start with those right I don't
know what those I don't know he decide
some next layer bro it's not gonna work
finding Brian's plays warming up on the
court
let's get it a little big big play space
a nice rebound slaves oh it's razor here
first offensive Drive from the Devin
Booker big big play let's March it down
the field March it down the field boys
you know where to give it to let's get
me wet give them out give them out
Oh big quick let's get it guys if you
can see the score it is 10 to 1 to not
the Devin Booker so you know it's all
about it's all about coming back in the
third period honestly if I say the third
for you know fourth I'm subbing it oh my
god he's stressed so I was brought up a
quarter fourth one a slight button and
me and char they're gonna work on their
basketball knowledge because I know
there's a lot of basketball and Kevin
Hart showed up to the game guys he
literally took a break from his tour I
know he's on to her but yo 40
forty they are actually making a
comeback Brandon and stressing out
though going to the timeout box again
Brandon no no
kukuku well my Brandon got kicked out of
the game
sixteen seconds left on the clock
Brandon's team is down by three points
this is about to get real intense like
the refs have not been on their side of
the whole game but just ending the game
hopefully the refs can be on their side
look crazy game this is crazy I
literally I was like you know I'm only
gonna come for the first half and now
we're second seventy nine by three other
teams Bowl we're still down by three
five seconds to go it's the final play
starting from way back no Travis big
play basically a big you hit this they
smash you guys you gotta hit the leg
back yo respect to shot respect to shot
respected okay no respect and you get
you missed it though
500k guy teaching milli guy Manfrotto
trickshot has literally if you guys see
all these things called man photos this
is point-of-view vlogging but I'm really
good at just like waving my camera up
having it ready pretty good I was
perfectly okay what do you want me are
you the vlogging Emmy oh sure it's my
turn where do you guys want it point
point it point at you well one more one
more one more at you watch this it's
like y'all really what are we saying you
or me you hold on wait that was actually
good luck in the light peace I'm the
best walk around YouTube I don't care
what anyone says
I wanted this ice-cold coke because guys
look how refreshing it is out of a glass
bottle drug said he's gonna open it but
it's not a bottle open you go ahead
it's not to stop hell I told him to grab
the camera stop they do wait shit that
hurts yeah yeah yeah and don't bite it
cuz that's all you
there's life hacks if you put it in the
door handle and open it no no no yeah
yeah it definitely won't work I'll show
you guys life hack to do it don't put it
on a glass table you'll break the table
don't want to break this let me use
something rock solid alright guys so to
end the vlog today I thought I was
looking through like a bunch of my old
videos and I was like yo what is
something we haven't done in a minute
that we can do with the rug that would
be funny and I was like yo we haven't
done the gasser a challenge in a minute
and it popped last time you know what it
is what okay and I have a special
picture at the end that I want to like
for us - yes - okay I'm ready so he's
played it
Ryan's plate obviously a few times with
me I have a link to a website hopefully
there's not too many of the same drills
cuz I feel like I keep seeing the same
girls pop up over and over again because
they look young but they're older so
here's a list let's just go through it
so here's the first day I think I know
her age so I'm gonna pass on this one
and you guys can go and guess Ryan just
doesn't talk like us on cheese I'm
stressed no no no no okay I'll guess
right anyways Rodrigo okay so she's got
a choker so she's deathly not under like
actually I don't know like girls even
surprise me girls these days you
surprised us oh I'm gonna guess
seventeen seventeen mm-hm I think okay
now what do you guess I must be twenty
okay I think cuz I know who this girl is
I think she's 20 or 21 boom 21 on your
head
this girl could be anywhere from 1500 I
already know you know it okay okay but
like she can't be below 17 but what's
wrong with that
she can't she can't but she can't be
below 17 look at her body features yeah
right so what I'm gonna get everything
else right from now she's 19 just gonna
G that looks like a 19 year I can read
girls mostly 21
I'm gonna go throg I'm gonna say 1923 oh
that was a throw off that was I thought
they're gonna be all young okay next one
oh is that Mila Kunis er is that I swear
it's 14 that girl from vine though Lele
sprint what's her name her name is Iman
I don't know earlier though it's either
her Mila Kunis bro they both know she
has to be at least like 18 19 I'd say I
think she's like 20 I'm gonna say 20
okay I'm going 21 just to be do I was
gonna say that but 23 let me guess are
you guys Kate show this one is just
wrong this is all you buddy why are you
saying who what I thought like what is
Molly have to say what is well do shows
with your videos but okay
what plague is what smoke a will be a
mature man Bobby
I guess 14 kids just 14 he's 19 oh
that's wrong that's off here maybe you
are favorite look for cheese I know but
sometimes like they shocked me Oh 17
just right now this is Ryan's type 17
the hole okay right what makes you say
that
yeah I know her personally her name's
Jessica bullying 17 WC what do you think
girl attend your 26 you actually look
super young oh I think I know I'm not
gonna say the age go ahead and get this
one guys you know it I think I think
we've seen 13 13 okay no she's so young
15 15 I think it is 15 let's see if I
didn't say I actually think it I think
it's 15 I see I'm clicking it except
1440 you're just stressed
what did I look like here's a big 14 and
this is what this girl exactly dated her
over the in that time era this is this
is before you nightclub before you have
money yeah luckily I'm 14 no no yeah
you're trying to catch a tease this is
Maddie Ziegler I'm gonna say 19 I think
she's like 15 she might be I'm saying 49
yet usually you can haggle with the
people cuz that she's famous who is this
one that was like Kim Kardashian just
this one she's 21 20 s she does the
colder when I honestly in the 23 I'm
going to 17
card big huge I have a feeling a lot
they don't know they actually do but if
you have they don't sometimes they come
with names tuber so you can look them up
of that to me nuts Kylie Jenner you know
that looks like Kylie loafie he knows
exactly who this is I know I know where
aids are watching all her vlogs I love
you I love you if you're watching Liz
what's her name
Wolfie Cindy not only not her actual
name Cindy Kimberly how old is she she
is I think a 1991 was a 20 well he's the
biggest fan so I'm gonna go with 1980
click it 80 Bryce where check right now
literally there's only a few more guys
but I want to see if oh yeah no you're
right she is a Gretzky yeah what does
that mean
she's a great ski you don't wanna know
what what number was Wayne gets oh no
she's not a Gretzky you don't know what
number he was II know I know that what
number was way man I'm 99 Wayne
Gretzky's 99 so gross women born on
right born in 1999 the Chinook for that
because that ya know why are we talking
about anyways okay
oh she's young yeah she's like she's
literally no 13 16 13 15 maybe 16 now
this one she's older 17 21 18 you saw
this game's over this girl 14 12 14 24
you could see it in her face
yep 14 life and the last one of the
challenge other than the one that rod
wants now it looks like that
oh she's cute buddy she might be fitzy
so no like she's not who let's say that
she looks like she has a great
personality and she looks fun like from
a forum on how do you look how do you
look like what do you mean by she looks
fun Roxie age I'm guessing 17 16 okay oh
yeah she looks fun it shows what stood I
mean chilling I can't
eight years old she's a great looks like
a great prisoner that's it no but you
have one you want to add oh yeah he has
one he's gonna add for the for the
challenge and hopefully this one's just
for me and Ryan so hopefully we get this
one right
oh I think you guys will I can't
it's Molly didn't she's not just turned
19 yeah what do you know I'm gonna say
yeah she's what is she 14 16 1919 yeah
Molly's 19 I thought she was 14 huh I
thought you anyways guys that's the
challenge make sure to show all the love
to my boy rug go subscribe I want to
subscribe they would have our D
subscriber in his channel link in the
description youtube.com slash what is
your rug you just have broke yeah or the
original is a rug rat but is it not
anymore
it could be either or over our
youtube.com slash rug okay go to
youtube.com slash run and then YouTube
guidelines Instagram comm like my name
is the ends if you're one of those girls
sliding as vm's comment on all those
pics highly it could be guys girls
designs okay obviously I saw my friends
cut all the girls only go to the size if
you're good inside this view see what's
good anyways guys I'm gonna end the vlog
off there because it's late I love you
guys so much smash the like one let's
hit 35,000 likes with your nose today
because you know big noses action-packed
me too
comment down below what do you want them
to comment right cuz they be comments
Ryan's a sweetie oh really just anything
anything though and they'll go off
rug is the sexiest man in the whole
entire planet and when I was black or
you guys hearing down comment rug is the
sexiest man in the whole entire planet
so and I ship him in Molly
calm it down I've Justin Bieber just
like Ryan's Instagram don't comment that
and I will see you guys soon on mobile
where we stay a little more savage my
main channel and as always this I was
like oh please
