before savage was a thing I was the
savage barrel so don't ever come at King
Wolfie again or I'm gonna bring back
salad guys we are we're back in the lake
we are back in LA Los Angeles the city
of dreams so before we even begin this
vlog I need you guys to go down and
smash that like button because I barely
got any sleep on the airplane this guy
decided to pull up he's ordering food
for us right now
honestly I'm ordering itself and he
wants guys I was craving chicken tenders
so we're ordering food right now because
you know the light back order post mates
or in Ryan's case ubereats while you're
in the Ober so that when you get to the
house the food's they're waiting for you
hot so we're headed to the clout house
right now
I don't know who's there right now I
know Banks is home with Alyssa I think
he might get home tomorrow but we're
gonna see who's there
I think only like a few people know him
back so let's get into the vlog I love
you guys so much super excited anyone in
the house this is all I care about right
now oh my god I'm so happy right now I
love food I love food guys Ryan is
downstairs he's stressing out he called
his ubereats like 20 minutes after me
but the girl has been in the same
location for like 20 minutes so he's
calling support right now and like pick
out them says the girls like riding a
bike up the hill but like this Hills
really big so only a bikes on the fly
so while he's doing that I'm enjoying my
delicious meal sorry Ryan I swear to god
I'm officially it okay I'll take the
title I am the worst vlogger on YouTube
guys every time I have some ideas in my
head I'm trying to like film some crazy
stuff I was gonna come here and surprise
everyone which I kind of did and
everyone was excited to see me but like
I wanted to make it like dope with like
emotional music and all that but as soon
as I got here because I was jet-lagged
and I got no sleep the night before I
pretty much passed out for the whole day
me and Ryan both passed oh it was a
tiring night literally we didn't even
care about diets laser diet Ryan well
mainly I did but Ryan did cuz he ordered
like 15 items from McDonald's but me and
Ryan were kind of kicking it in this
room this morning and I was like yo I
want to kind of get to know everybody in
this house on a new level so I want to
see their original videos like what like
what did they come from were they always
cool in front of the camera or they
always dope guys so me and Ryan we're
watching a crazier video phase k you
guys know face cake yup
I'm about to prank them be like yo Kate
I have this dope video I need your hope
for a reaction and then bring him no I'm
not doing that but yeah look at this
video guys this is bro 50 now and 3
alright so guys that's crazy you know
you know of his fake a great guy I love
him to death but it was just funny we
were catching up on like everyone's old
videos today the plan is that I need to
go pick up my damn merch because the
next murse drop is about to drop well
Josh calm you guys already know the
website yo yours I'm single and I have
money
alright what what what does that mean
I swear 2017 is ridiculous like people
just some guys they just think that
girls only care about money in like Fame
it's so wack you know I mean like come
on
nice clean your door bro this please
please please where are you Frazier
yo Frazier I need you to come in for a
sec yeah I need you to react to a video
quickly for me yeah it's a banger that's
a good
oh okay guys I'm kind of Eight's Ryan's
back there vlogging you can see mr. Ryan
sways over there we just got out of the
burn I'm in a photo shoot today because
in order to drop the new line of merch
which is coming out very very soon in
like two days
Shh but don't tell anyone will fam we
got to get some model shots so we're
pulling up to the headquarters of fan
joy themselves and we're about to bang
out these photos I definitely slept in a
little too much this morning I'm
supposed to go earlier so hopefully they
don't hate me but uh we out in this and
I've been here before I swear like mad
YouTube headquarters are around like
this area
maybe we'll get okay right no no do the
face that's not it you know would you
guys buy the merch if right I know I
would buy it anyways let's go get these
shots why is every office so modern
these days like come on turn on the AC
but you know what you're so not nice
guys we just pulled up I have a photo
shoot here I don't know where the photo
shoot is so we're gonna take a seat
right now but the lighting in here is on
whoa
I made some H you can even be out here
as a transition
if you're watching this please I love
you so much I didn't see a ring so we
have a chance but for those who are
wanting to my girlfriend's he eats the
merch is turning out good guys like come
on look at this the white with the pink
no no no no camel oh no you didn't even
see this though the gold foil alert guys
Ryan's a she's petting a dog we're not
even focused on that though focused on
the merch bro Oh Noli exclusive merging
wolfy wraps calm come on guys all you
got I just got to do is just wait a few
days I promise it's gonna drop in a few
days and then when it drops you guys
better go off because I'm trying to sell
this stuff out it was sold out very
quickly last time before so let's try
and do it again a second time because
this launch is gonna be exciting it's
gonna be sane guys the gold foil is what
I'm really excited about so stay tuned
for that
Scottie's photos going here so we just
shot a bunch of photos I'm feeling
pretty confident about them guys I was
pretty wavy but I'm literally so stoked
about these designs now we're gonna go
talk about some future designs secret
meeting exclusive can't be talking about
it but I'll update you guys as soon as
we're done this is how you guys know
this is what I'm talking about work at
missus let's put a wager on it what
lunch okay lunch you hit a three I'll
buy you lunch you hit a three on your
head
he's one more try here yo you have no
lunch she told you guys Aaron's a ladies
man you literally fell in love with the
girl working at the desk there's two
girls working the desk they're so nice
there's so nice I'm takin you know this
year change of t-shirts yeah I'm
stressed back walked in with the Louie
Vuitton supreme walk that was Milan
merch oh gold foil wolfy wraps calm
she's like you change your shirt Ryan's
like anyways not jump if you're watching
this vlog Instagram calm flashbacks we
just finished the meeting this place is
too modern for me we are headed out we
have no idea where we're going but it's
a beautiful day outside probably gonna
start the day off with some food but
literally I have never walked out of a
meeting so happy and so excited in my
life guys the stuff we are talking about
in that room just know I'm not gonna
have merch I'm gonna have designer
clothing you have regular youtubers can
have your merch do whatever you want
sell it put a few designs it's whatever
my is going to be fire I'm so excited
guys stay tuned for that because we're
dropping the merch on Wednesday but
there's a lot of stuff coming Black
Friday there's now oh my god I love it
alone no no no why is a prehistoric
animal picking me up right now in the
uber why is prehistoric handful pick up
you know I got - I think my vlog should
start being a POV of ride cuz literally
that's all they brought put your tag
away that's all my blogs are guys and
I'm quitting vlogging hit the like
button and I'll quit vlogging and it's
just gonna be Ryan um eight oh my god
this is heaven in the shape of food
this is heaven in the shape of food this
is not diet not bad huh wolf and Wolf am
wolf am wolf bam we have a problem I was
having a beautiful day figured out some
good news about my merch everything was
going so positive I was so happy just
had Chipotle it couldn't have gotten
better and then I go on youtube because
I'm getting a few tweets and I happen to
see something you guys know Jake Paul
obviously there's a lot of Jake
Pollard's out there everything's great
he dropped a video recently taken a few
shots of my dude rice okay now that's
fine rice can hold his own rice is like
everyone knows rice gum rice comes
pretty much a savage like you boy Wolfie
he might have done a few things bad in
his past but I mean everyone's that a
few bad things in their past they even
Jake Paul's done a few bad things in his
past but the problem I have with this
video is this wolf film
somebody please tell me somebody please
tell me explain to me what's about to go
down on the screen jakey jakey jakey
jakey jakey sir we're gonna have a bit
of a problem my dude because the thing
is bro you can have all the beef if you
want with rice come I know ryskamp has
his own hands he can handle it for
himself he's a savage like I said guys
but Ryan let me ask you a question the
Jake Paul make me obviously alright
that's not the answer I was looking for
the answer is Jake great video we get it
you're rich okay he got beans it's
amazing I'm proud of your success I I
was a I was an average Jake parlor in
the past I still have a little Jake
parlor but in my bones but when you say
the a you made whoopee no one made King
Wolfie except for King Wolfie okay I
don't remember ever I think I may be
used
Jake Paul how many times in the title
right maybe maybe never I don't even
think I've used Jake probably at a title
when I use T you are have I ever used
big Paul in the title who's Jake well
that's what I'm trying to say bro okay
Jake we get it you got views you got
beans it's all good you're living the
dream life but when it comes down to the
DIY King savage God you didn't make me
okay you're doing good on YouTube I did
it last year okay it's not cool to be
good on YouTube right now it's cool to
just sit back and do what's fun
not so we're doing on YouTube right now
we're having fun but don't ever tell me
you made me because I'm your dad I'm
King you're a prince
I'm your dad you can call me daddy okay
you probably already do call me daddy
how was it shake parlor now I'm a little
gangster Oh gangster after that I'm a
little gangster and I have Logan's post
notifications turned on they've been on
for months I turn your post
notifications off okay because you came
on my head top and Giggs not even done
talking wait let's see what he has to
say okay please hold
times are giving all the cloak
decloaking not listening how much it is
to the owner of crank the CEO coking why
he's saying lies I feel you I shake we I
didn't want to have to make this video
okay you we get it again you're poppin
but you're not to see you of call gang
okay and CEO of team 10 oz but team 10
only happens to be teammate might be a
little team 7 in the future so what's
going on there I wanted to say this but
this video like there is some good
points in this video but I think Jake is
on one right now because this said I
think cloud gang it's low King
no it's Chloe agro it's it's literally
cloud games speller in front of you oh
he got low kick from low gang and club
game don't you have the same demographic
so you can't even go with that argument
anyways all I'm saying is this race all
you want you can handle it for himself
this banks all you want to slaughter you
distal is all you want I mean I really
don't need to say anything about that
but when you come at King Wolfie okay
I'm the biggest savage on YouTube before
savage was a thing you know before your
fans started saying savage I was the
savage bro and I'm still a savage and I
want it to be PG Wolfie because you know
YouTube's like changing and stuff but if
I hear that you are my dad one more time
Jake we're gonna have an issue okay so
don't ever come at King Wolfie again or
I'm gonna bring back savage war hero
anyways guys this rants a little bit too
long I really didn't want to have to go
beast mode
I'm still pretty chill right now I'm not
100% savage wolfy but like Jake talks
for a minute in this video and I'm
really not trying to hear right now cuz
I'm a little upset so
I'm just gonna guys when the video keeps
playing we just throw on instrumentals
for real I'm gonna just dance to it this
track question might track where I'll be
the Jake ball I'll do the chance and
Anthony your hole guilty yo oh hold on
there we go come with me again bro come
here I got our babies let's hit those
folks let's hit those chants today I'll
be dad
I'm your dad don't ever tell me you're
my dad cuz that's when we have a problem
hey Jake Slater you're out here I'll see
you boys in a bit so guys I'm coming
down the elevator right now going for
the 4th floor I'm one of the freedom
bottom floor because I'm too lazy and
some weird girl just showed up in the
frigging elevator I don't know if you
guys know who this is
but she's she's here she's at the close
but we caught her at the wrong time
she's leaving the Khronos right now to
go back to the Airbnb yet we have like
multiple houses here one come in Sylvia
I'm sitting here I might go back to that
Airbnb temporarily tonight but there's a
lot of stuff going on here
and it's late still so so he's gonna go
get home because she has an appointment
in the morning and all this stuff is e
schedule goodbye kiss Sylvia's leaving
guys so I'm gonna turn the vlog camera
off but I'll update you guys in a bit I
don't even know what's going on
literally in my life is like all over
the place these days
guys I'm 98.7 percent positive that my
camera is breaking on me because every
time I turn the camera on it literally
goes to the maximum zoom in on your face
ever so like you know what you're like
accidentally open your snapchat and it's
on like your face cam and not like the
cam you're pointing at and you're like
oh my god I'm ugly no this is oh my god
I'm ugly on steroids like I can see
every blemish in my face and I guess
literally getting this close I can see
my double chin I could see my teeth like
anything on my face I could see it as
soon as I turn on the camera so I think
I might have to turn this camera and get
something else
one that I can't even see like faces
yeah I mean what am I talking about I'm
sexy as hell
anyways Sylvia just left to the air B&B
I am feeling exhausted and this bed is
literally calling my name
it's literally like look at it it's
literally calling my name no I can't
talk to you right now I can't talk to
you right now okay well we're talking
about bed see it's calling my name so
guys I'm gonna end the vlog off there if
you enjoyed this vlog do not forget to
go down and smash that like button let's
hit thirty five thousand likes on this
vlog because Sylvia is in town the vlogs
are about to be lit everything's always
poppin with Sylvia's in LA and I got a
sneak a surprise for you guys we might
be tomorrow or the next day visiting
someone that you guys definitely know
that this collab has been long awaited
me and Ryan have just been too lazy to
travel a little bit further than outside
of LA so like that's kind of a hint on
who it is so get ready for that comment
down below who you think it is who we're
going to their house I'll give you a
hint he does some haunted stuff some
haunted stuff that's all I'm gonna say
comment them down below if you think you
know who it is I'll be replying to a
bunch of those but again I hope you
enjoyed the vlog I will see you guys
soon on mobile where we stay a little
bit more savage in my main channel and
as always stay savage guys love you so
much leggo
