we'll see why do you stand in the back
Jake if you want we can meet in the part
row whatever you want I'm down whenever
so just hit me up this is like real
drama good morning I know what's gonna
cheer boy wolfy welcome back to more
wolfy before we begin the vlog I know
you guys are already looking at my chest
and that's because there's new wolfy
raps merch out right now you guys
already know what it is the logo the
hands magic Wolfie is back in his box so
this merch is officially on the website
Wolfie raps calm link in the description
the first 50 people to copy are gonna be
getting 25% off it so hurry right now
honestly 50 people have definitely
caught it right now because I've already
promoted on my snapchat on my Instagram
that's what you guys gotta be following
me on everything to know when stuff is
dropping but all I gotta say wolf am as
new merch is dropping this absolute
watch booty is fucking late I'm rocking
it all day today but boy oh boy do we
have a lot to talk about guys guys saw
comedyshortsgamer reaction video your
boy went off I've been just trying to
like hold back on that and I'm gonna
talk about that later on in the vlog but
your boy savage wolfy never really
disappeared I just needed someone to
like light the match and spark me again
cuz I'm talking coming out now nobody
disrespects King Wolfie because we're
the most savage people ever but yo on a
positive note we are gonna go out
vlogging for the day smash the like
button before we begin the vlog let's
hit 35 thousand likes on this blog for
absolutely no reason let's hit it with
your knee with your knee as Gabe says
let's get the vlog started alright guys
so we're going to the game right now
literally like Ryan and Desi left
because I had to pay for parking and
these niggas literally never wait for me
we're at the lay right now
behind here is like the Nike game so
we're gonna go check it out and
hopefully we can get in because if we
don't get in it so this is it now my
pose from now on that's for you Jake yo
guys so we're on the event right now
this one is number Bailey it's like a
one-on-one competition in photos
but yo earlier this morning I actually
did a photoshoot for the merge so I'm
gonna roll a clip right now peep this
shit
901 Shelby Drive look alive look alive
niggas came up on this side on the other
side
oh well fuck them dog we gonna see how
hard a ride I get rested by side and I
split it that's how we do it guys
anyways it's about to start
that's it John for watching the vlog
this gonna the realest nigga and he
knows the jake paul challenge
Jake come get me okay guys
and it still hasn't started cuz
apparently it won't start until she in
turn it pulls up himself
so James hurting is literally stalling
this whole shit but its James Harden so
I mean we're gonna wait what did we wake
of the wind nice that we're gonna wait
for game I'll wait
are you gonna wait for James Harden or
not other than who dies
football Haven what this guy's living
his dream watching the joke nobody was
lovely dreaming
damn just even the building guys
are you bored
Chris London is finally on the court
with teams hardness it's late
I think he's doing like a one-on-one or
suggest a laser so enjoy the footage I
know it's my job you can barely hear but
I'll just give you a montage
I don't wanna die for them to miss me
yes I see the things that they wish you
know me
hope I got some brothers that I live me
they gonna score me was their friend
with me guys playing guys playing
I hope all right guys so we're just
leaving right now literally like it was
pretty fucking dope James I was there so
that was obviously cool I know you guys
probably couldn't hear a lot but I made
like a quick little montage for you to
enjoy now we are leaving no one take
care she actually let us in the VIP like
section because we didn't have like a
wristband so shout out to her but yeah
none of us have eaten breakfast and it's
like what 7 or 8 p.m. so I think we're
gonna go why are you yelling at my boss
no look you want chicken yes yes yes yes
after that though holy shit I have to
work out 10 times harder cuz those bass
go players I feel like shit right now
we're eating salad booth okay wolf fam G
back in the crib right now just got out
of the hot tub update I don't know if I
mentioned earlier on in the vlog but yo
last night
I was stressed out and I don't know why
but I punched this chair and I legit
thought I broke my hand and I'm like I
don't know like one of the fingers is
definitely crooked a bit this one and my
dad I called him was like your dad
should I go to the hospital he's like
yeah you should probably go to the
hospital cuz he's a doctor and I was
like that I'm not going to the hospital
I'm gonna let it heal cuz I'm fucking
stubborn so my hands dusted right now
I'm probably in icing for the rest of
the night but on this tub top top
subject of boxing I just want to give
you guys like an update on the situation
like basically what's going down because
there's a lot of drama going down and I
don't know I think a lot of people have
the story fucked up a bit which is kind
of wack but I know my wolf family chulo
fam guys been watching me since day one
you guys know I don't like to get
involved into things that like I don't
feel as my battle to like basically with
this whole topic I'm just gonna tell you
guys like really quickly because we beat
it to death on friggin nine dead G's
Channel and we talked about it and I was
like going off you want to see Wolfie
savage wolf eat with the chirps go to
daddy's video but right now I just want
to talk about basically what happened
and if you guys want to believe me you
can believe me if you don't want to
believe me I don't really need you to
believe me because this is just facts
basically with that whole Jay Paul
situation everyone's like yo Wolfie like
you you're a fan of Jake Paul like how
you gonna do some blow a lot like the
thing is I've never like hated the kid
me and Jake have never had like any bad
terms or anything like that I used to
watch some of his stuff in my videos I
always say y'all me Jake Paula I'm with
Jake Paula
I watched Logan's videos too so that was
not the issue there was nothing wrong
with that literally I do respect Jake's
hustle I think he fucking grinds his ass
off I think he deserves to be where he
is today so like that is completely
another topic and if you can't see that
that's another topic that I mean you
just can't see that that's another topic
I guess you don't have the brain
capability to see that but I was I'm
assuming my fans are smart enough to
know that that is completely irrelevant
to the topic of this boxing shit
basically the park everyone wants to
know what happened in the park wolfy
why'd you stand in the back why did you
not say anything why don't you back up
your boy because as most of the comments
are proficient say yeah I would have
done this if someone tries to talk my
boy I would have done this it's like Kay
you're missing the point basically what
happened was Jake and Deji we're talking
over the phone they were gonna meet up
that was the plan they were gonna meet
up I didn't know what they're gonna do I
don't know what they're gonna talk about
I didn't know they were gonna meet up to
box so I was like yo Ryan like do you
want to just go with Deji like drive
just to make sure he's good because like
earlier on in that day basically Jake
was like yo let's meet up in the mall or
like bump into each other or some shit
and then chance and Anthony will be
there they're gonna come with me so that
you can bring a few guys but what Jake
left out was the fact that this guy's
like yo please don't bring banks please
don't bring banks this guy was literally
begging to not bring banks because he
knows that if banks came to the park it
would have been another story but I mean
that's none of my business Jake you
can't be lying about that that's just
the truth so this guy was asking not to
bring banks we ended up not meeting up
earlier on in that day because you're
gonna go to the mall that didn't happen
because we're with banks and Jake's like
I can't go if you guys are meeting with
Bank story like eh screw it this is not
gonna happen but then later on in the
day Deji insists that he's like yo I
gotta go meet up with Jake and figure
out what's poppin because obviously you
guys know that Jake Paul and Desi
because we're going on I'm like yeah
Ryan look let's fucking go to the park
bro like let's drive them to wherever he
needs to be just to make sure you never
know what's going on like I mean Jake's
pretty much asking us to meet it like
some sketchy Park at 7 p.m. by the way
it was seven pm guys not 12 which Jake
said it was 12 Pro it was mad people at
the
park I was taking pics with like fans
this guy was like 12 years old bro no 12
year olds out at 12 in the morning broke
so I don't know why
just like little details like that that
he said in the video just stressed me
out because it's like nigga that wasn't
true but even up until now I had no
issue with Jake anyways we get to the
park and we see Jake and Jake's just
with his camera man so I'm like a bet
like you guys go like I'm really not
trying to get involved in this I'm
literally only here to make sure if
everything pops off it's like the worst
case were to pop off that I'm here at
least I can protect desi that is what I
went for
literally low-key as a daily vlogger I
was like also nigga imma vlog this
because why not like why not I mean I
can get views off this is hilarious like
so that's the two reasons I went anyways
veggie Ryan and game and T WAP go down
there to talk to Jake and like as you
guys can see in like any other videos
I'm literally like 20 feet away and
forgive me for standing 20 feet away
guys it is definitely not because I'm
opposed to eat or definitely not because
I was scared of Jake and his one camera
man like if you actually think that that
is the reason you have to be a
full-blown madman like you must be
absolutely blind like just the sheer
size difference between me and Jake like
not even like muscle or anything like
that it's just like obviously and this
is very obvious like I just feel like
it's so obvious that I don't have to say
it but apparently I have to say it I
mean obviously I feel like I could have
picked those gloves up and like dusted
Jake off by myself like very quickly I
didn't want to do that because it was
not my beef like I'm saying so I let
desi handle it how he was gonna handle
it obviously I didn't step in the whole
time and literally up until the very end
I'm like whatever bro it's not even my
drama so I'm gonna let them handle it
even though I'm in the back seeming like
a pussy but in my head I'm literally
like bored as hell on my phone waiting
for this shit to end because I'm like
man like Jake literally hasn't turned
off his camera once since we got here
and I mean if this guy just would have
turned his camera off and said yo like
let's like act this up cuz like I mean
people exaggerate stuff for vlogs
obviously so if he even said yo let's
like let's act this up I mean we can
still hate each other but let's act it
up for the drama because we know it's
gonna get views whatever but yo he
didn't even do it once it's negative
even turn his camera off once so all of
us were in shock I was just bored out of
my head and I didn't get involved until
about yesterday I still didn't get
involved because there was no point of
getting involved like not
affected me if Dad you got Punk'd off
dad you got Punk'd off great but that's
still not me getting Punk'd off what
push my buttons is one Jake did a few
things
guys this was cut out of his vlog
because I mean it was cut out of his
blood obviously he's not gonna post any
footage of him looking bad but as soon
as he started walking away it went from
him and edgy to him and everyone's like
beef because literally like he was
talking to desi the whole time great
talk to desi bro handle your shit I
don't care that's not my beef I'm not
stepping in that's the reason I didn't
step in nah cuz I'm a bitch but yo as
soon as he started stepping away instead
of like walking away that's why we have
this meme the Jay Paul challenges cuz
this guy was literally walking away and
then that's when he started saying y'all
I saw you guys are all soft wow you guys
rolled five men deep to a park it's like
bro why are you making it look like we
rolled five men deep to a park to fight
you like if that was actually what we
were gonna do bro we would have picked
up the gloves to smoke through the face
that was not we were gonna do we came to
support our boy you said you're gonna be
with chance and Anthony earlier so we
all just assumed you're gonna be with
them so we didn't know what's gonna
happen
I stood so far back to the point where I
literally I wasn't even involved in the
situation at all and I'm still getting
called out but as soon as he started
calling people soft that's when everyone
started being like hey bro like you're
pushing the buttons a little too far
like we know you Jake great you gotta
get your content bro we respect you
getting your content but like if you're
gonna call us all soft come be umbrella
like you should at least be sure that
you can like you know take us all on
because no you pulled me in the
situation and I didn't want to be pulled
in the situation and you called us soft
while you were running away with your
friggin vlog camera mark okay literally
not even when he got in the car did he
turn his camera off and be like yo guys
that was dope this is gonna be crazy
like this is gonna get the fans in blah
blah like not once he was camera Jake
like daddy said the entire time and
everyone was literally just shocked like
me and Ryan was like is this nigga
fuckin serious
I still can't even like believe what had
happened that day cuz it's like
obviously I'm gonna protect my boy if he
needs protection
but when Jake's Wilding out in front of
his camera just to get like his footage
and like it's a wrap at the end of the
day for him he's just doing this all for
the vlog it's like okay bro like this is
no serious there's no threat
everyone was just chilling so that is
all I'm gonna say about that situation
that's just what happened guys um
literally like I don't even care the
rest of the beef is like between him and
Desi then this nigga dropped a reaction
on the video and obviously we did a
reaction to that I was stressed because
yo I feel like that beef is literally
just Jake's beef and veggies we've to
handle but this guy got
all I mean oh what's left of team ten
involved literally like there's nothing
left in team ten but he got like
everybody that is still remaining in
team ten to react to it and obviously if
they're Jake Paul's boy they're gonna
friggin like suck him off the whole time
and like boost him and then this guy
watched it with them and acted like he
never even saw the video like he didn't
film it the day before so that's also
pushed my buttons cause it's like ko I
mean it was done now you're gonna say in
the video how I was standing in the
background like you knew I wasn't there
Jake like bro you knew why I was
standing in the background bro
I'm sure if I was up in your face it
would have been a different story and
I'm sure you probably won't have called
dad you saw because you didn't want bags
to come I mean realistically unless
you're a mod Mon like I hope to god that
you don't think that you could take me
to boxing match I really just hope to
god and if you think you can I mean
throw let's get it I got a boxing gloves
right here I'm ready to go I'm not
stressed they gotta hurt my hand I'll
suck it up I can handle myself
bro when it comes to my battle but the
fact that this guy just got all of his
posse and it's just like oh my God look
at wolfy standing your background and
he's making my boy like look like a
bitch as I kid then I have a problem so
now this is beyond like simple YouTube
drama okay this is like real drama I'm
legit low-key stressed about this so now
I have a problem I know all my boys have
a problem I don't ever think this is
gonna happen again I hope to god it
never doesn't happen again Jake if you
want we can meet in the park roll
whatever you want I'm down whenever so
just hit me up because you know I can
pick up the gloves I'm just letting you
know that right now I'm not stressing
about this no more I mean it's a fucking
beautiful day in LA you guys already
know the vlogs lit my hands healing the
new merch just dropped and it's selling
like a god Church no Jake Paul cuz guys
I'm the biggest Jake puff then ever oh
yeah and one more thing literally there
was one line I said in the video I was
just like Erica can catch these hands or
some shit and everyone's like oh whoa
feels like a woman-beater it's like come
on guys like you guys know I would never
hurt a woman I would never physically
touch a woman but if you don't know that
I mean I'm guessing you just the Jake
Paul or so it is what it is I'm not
gonna like go into detail about that
because I thought it was so obvious but
that's that guys I don't think I'm gonna
talk anymore about that subject I
obviously had to address it because you
got a lot you guys wanted to know what
the hell is going on I'm actually gonna
end the vlog off early because your boy
is probably gonna go back in the hot tub
for a bit then no just showed up so I'm
gonna go kick it with milk for the rest
of the night but if you guys enjoyed the
vlog make sure you go down and smash the
like button create a piece to the vlog
DC peace get boy good boy
guys who say pieces of log lecture 35
thousand likes on this video I love you
guys to death and I'll see you guys soon
on more Wolfie where we stay a little
bit more savage actually a lot more
savage these days let my main channel
and has oh where he's a savage Jake bro
I'm right here bro I'm right here walk
the walk talk the talk walk
