yo what are you getting I don't know can
you just make sure to grab all the stuff
oh good morning eh yo what's good
werewolf e welcome back to more Wolfie
yeah well in the car right now guys
we're on route to Toronto I told you
guys we were probably leaving in the
morning I just said bye to Silvia and
the dogs but Silvia is coming off to LA
in the next I think 2 or 3 days so I
won't miss her as much because I'm gonna
see her soon but friggin Prince and
Wolfie jr. just saying bye to that my
Loki cried a bit so smash so like when
to mend my tears of it guys I feel you
man I'm a puppy man now yeah you've been
at it for like two weeks Cho Cho Cho you
don't have the connection we have so
guys uh and also smash the like button
with your nose today let's hit that
thirty five thousand likes and we will
fly the dogs out enough we're gonna try
and fly the dogs out to LA that's the
goal they're just not well behaved so
like we're taking them to training
sessions and stuff so as soon as they
learn how to not Berk at anything that
walk we're gonna take them to LA with us
come on there we go
anyways this is gonna be a long ride so
get ready for carpool karaoke we had to
stop at a gas station guys before we
left the city we've been driving for
like thirty minutes so far but I don't
have batteries and for my Beats
headphones
I need batteries in order to edit in the
car thank you very much so I need to cop
some batteries triple eight to speed to
be specific so hopefully they have those
here okay so they got the D batteries
they got these 9-volt
and they got the triple A's thank God
but what are they so freaking expensive
God do what you gotta do I can't let you
guys go without a video guys I gotta get
you guys a video here
okeyday yeah yeah yeah come on take it
easy
yo DJ are you coming on the trip are you
gonna flake on me again
euro break it at home two halves to a
hole yeah yeah chain on sub-zero yo what
are you getting
I don't know can you just make sure to
grab all the stuff all mine
your Dave what size are your feet nah 9
G's man you got a big foot
what's your favorite little oozy son
real for real for real for real yeah how
are these actually called for real
though I'm dead yeah sleep over I'm not
to repeat it you're what are you load
once a o 0 VL backwards no smell it look
at the alcohol down there you're old
Oh DJ you'll quit hogging all that
history bro quit hogging it DJ I thought
I was done I'm not even done I'm gonna
hit him with one coming out of the store
yo Dave did you get all the food yeah
can I carry it bro leave it leave it to
me bro
leave it to me where's the enemy leave
it leave it to me that's all you do DJ
yeah did you get on a stop sign
that's all good bro leave it leave it to
me but leave it to me
Liza Koshi I do love you I think you're
hilarious I think your channel is
amazing but Liza Kochi I'm calling you
on time a better pun master than you you
have nothing I mean look I just killed
the puns in a gas station five billion
miles outside the city so you're on now
I Love You Jay yeah you're in the wrong
line bro racism in 2017 guys it's crazy
anyways we're not sure
so right now we're gonna enroute halfway
or no not even halfway like we're one
hour outside of Ottawa still have a long
time to go haven't got much editing gun
in the car because I've been pretty much
listening to all the bangers that long
ago drop and every time I'm in the car I
always try and edit super hard but when
there's banger playing after banger
playing after banger play even with my
headphones and the noise counselling it
screws up my ears so I have to sing and
I have to rap just cuz I love music that
much so I'm not even getting food or
here I'm I'm focused I'm gonna get this
video on time sorry about that I'm
running into girls I'm getting in
people's ways I'm vlogging here
Asian guys in the KFC line you know they
don't have rice there
you see if they have raised not gum
though my Nick price go I really broke
I'm coming back to Elliot your game do
you still think someone the globe
chatters no no the girl working here
thinks I'm on the Globetrotters this
girl this girl I'm not on the
Globetrotters I'm tall but I am NOT on
the Globetrotters I don't play
basketball make youtube videos not on
the Globetrotters guys as a good friend
I'm gonna see if Ryan wants a little
present on the way he'll grow huge news
it's hot round off we're on the enroute
yo look at you want me to cover for you
your aides I'll get you the matching hat
bro do you want it or not I'll copy
right now now you're off you know I'm
not confident guys this car is literally
on this cops ass John's ass know if he
passed him we're about to witness is
ticket we're about to witness 15 guys
that's a highway AK you didn't know but
do you think he's like do you think the
white cars they got
Romilly 120 yeah they're speeding away
bro no no this guy behind the car must
know bro you must because like this is
ridiculous why are you on the cops of
all
I'm Karoshi all that beat you guys if
you get to take it and update oh it's
not is it that's a different one
different party was old cops oh no what
the heck
guys that body in the back of his car yo
9-1-1 someone wolf call 9-1-1 look at
the hand this guy has a dead body in the
back of his car
yo 9-1-1 so guys we finally touched down
in the six I can only hold the camera
down here because I'm carrying so many
bags as soon as we touch down in the six
Bongo already said surprise we have a
barber and I haven't ever cut my hair
since I've got it cut in LA like a few
days ago like a week ago a week ago and
I've been cutting my hair every single
week so it's been growing back faster
which means I literally need a haircut
like look at the size I need to get a
skin fade immediately this guy
apparently from his Instagram know he
actually does this is like Drake's
barber Drake the six God he's cut like a
bunch of celebrities so I trust him with
my hair I have a lot of trust issues
with barbers and I don't like changing
up barbers but apparently this guy does
the job so let's go see what's poppin
reviews
oh yeah we out here Toronto what is pop
in Toronto we got views down here I'm
scared of heights so I'm gonna take the
camera away from there shut up Jada
barber for the hooking it up for the
squad yo yo you killed it bro
yeah this guy's killing you I mean
you're always kind of ugly with target
she's good bongos getting his hair cut
first and then I'm next and then this
guy's next and then this guy's name I
think the whole squads getting cuts
right oh yeah all man's getting cuts
this guy's the best barber in Toronto he
cuts for some crazy people I'll pop up
his Instagram page right here drop
follow go like his pics I don't care
what fam you already know what it is and
to the people that didn't believe that
Jada barber was here you guys played
yourself this is no Photoshop he's here
he's in the building he's gonna fix up
my crooked hairline you guys know I
never have a good hairline so I'm gonna
look nice today so I can go to LA
tomorrow
Ryan sways on his way just got pizza for
the boys if Ryan sways comes here I'm
gonna vlog him and he tries to get a
haircut
even though he got one earlier today I'm
gonna expose them and I'm not gonna let
it go down we're not gonna let that go
down but I wanna go eat so I'll be right
back with my so why are you trying to be
back why why are you trying to be black
come on bro black face you never seen it
it's black people come on bro respect
the bad culture of our black lives
matter all right guys so the haircut is
now officially complete yeah oh yeah
okay anyways now I'm getting my black
but I mean your boy is a savage I don't
scream so it's get it okay I got the
last let's go
oh I'm H this doesn't even hurt at all
can you get it off in one piece is the
question also satisfying to be honest
you're Dave this is hot back Oh Batman
looks like a hundred years of faithful
oh yeah oh yeah is it all up and one
almost almost oh you have a look
on your nose you have to watch let's
roll bro show it to Jada barber yo this
is wavy all right let's go spend money
even yeah is looking nice
always all right let me see your haircut
there's not from gender binary it's not
from Jada barber so this is - or Samuel
baby day two and the six yo Ryan you're
right
you tell us something we don't know that
wasn't a reach so guys I told you I'm
gonna try and stop doing these 2-day
vlogs where I transition from one day to
the other but recently I've been super
busy and then especially yesterday bad
bad bad bad bad like honestly the worst
luck ever happened essentially yesterday
we were like driving to go to the store
we wanted to literally like I just had a
few things I needed to buy last night
and then out of nowhere we were driving
the car and a cop pulled us over
completely uncalled-for because we
weren't doing anything wrong I think the
cop was just having like a bad day and
he was on some next power trip or
something but he pulled us over and he
gave us a ticket for like switching
lanes or some shit like we signaled but
he's like oh I didn't feel like you guys
signaled and switch lanes in a safe
manner so I'm gonna give you a ticket
for that so that's the first thing that
happened we're already kind of buzzed
killed but then really know we still
have time to go to the store and then
after that literally two minutes after
we did that this guy pulled us over
again twice in like a span of 10 to 15
minutes you can see why everybody's in
there so back to back tickets and then
literally after that we went out to go
eat that night and then Bongo got
another ticket for like we parked in the
wrong spot I guess finally we were
supposed to park on the road so it was
just like a series of unfortunate events
no book so that's why I didn't really
vlog too much last night it was just
really really bad vibe but today is
gonna be super positive I've just
finished editing my video so I can go
out and vlog for the day I'm super
excited because I'm in Toronto for like
another full day I was supposed to leave
to LA today but I think I'm pushing it
back one day so you already know we got
beautiful views over here beautiful
views down here beautiful views over
here and let's get the day started I
love you guys
I've been to Toronto a billion times
I've never been to York damn all it's my
first time going but in the spirit of
Toronto hood man I'm about to go in like
any Toronto hood man would go and walk
into the mall like this ha ha
Road man tinging road man ting we bought
to go to Gucci story splurge Aussie snow
you spend venusaur I'm gonna see if I
see I'll save your money I see guys if
you run into me today today is not a
good name for me I'm not feeling too
good so I'm just gonna put the camera in
your face and go Ryan
snaps out the location because he wants
to sleep nation to me tomorrow meet up
ok well see you guys in hell
I'm a except a small setup I'm a small
setup never been here no don't let me do
it bro don't let me go down designer
over this is a risk at risk hiding about
David's age don't I'm not even doing
shopping today David's gonna call it the
whole story set so I'm excited this is
crazy
know if your favorite stores right here
oh man I'm excited Mongo is taking the
lead again in the speed walking contest
oh by the way there's nothing that Gucci
stuff watch me pass him
well you're on it you're in the park do
I take a pic guys Bongo caught on really
quick because I started to speed walk so
they actually be me but you're in the
blog you want to show any specific
friends low-keyed is gonna meet up with
50 people I have yet to get to the
Oviedo store I have to keep the camera
down though
just cuz like it's lit here which is
good I love meeting you guys but when I
put this big camera up like it just
causes a commotion so I'm gonna keep it
down until we get to the ovo start just
got out the ovo store it's on the corner
over there but you know I got two pairs
of frickin sweatpants because I needed
them for a minute but y'all Bongo tell
the vlog what you got bro alright this
guy loves the ovo store he made us come
here for the ovo store I got two
sweaters
one two three four t-shirts my long
sleeve and a hot my mom's each to these
pants why they have Cleo and Lionel no
no what are these shoes trying to pull
putting dinosaur stickers on the front
no fashion nuts bro take it in like you
fill it in and then it so we came to
Moxie's to get food was a 20-minute wait
but I saw these people at the bottom
they're right here and they're like yo
let's get a pic I was like y'all I'm
gonna come back down the escalator and
grab a pic there's a lot of people
what's up bro little minute it's a quick
bite dude all right let's get these
cakes here
all right so we ran into two more I
don't know if they're wolf and they just
wanted to be in the vlog okay oh she's
oh nice to meet you guys you're in the
blood go take care guys you know they
don't know anything about me
they're Jake Paul is Jake Poly's you
don't know me as Travis Scott would say
it in any of his lyrics no it's Playboy
cardi they just want to talk for my
cloud if you want to be in the vlog guys
I will put you on the spot you should at
least know my girlfriend or my dog's
name the girl said dog my dog is my name
with a jr. on it I'm stressed come on
sweet nation wolf fam today's a big day
Herodians won the challenge I was gonna
tell them that yo stop spoiling that's a
perk a wolf fam today's a big comment on
without spoiling okay anyways I lost the
challenge today it was like the first
day ever I've lost the challenge I
didn't spend more than David parity at
the mall it's not about what you spend
okay you don't want to spend money on
materialistic you don't have seen you
don't want to spend money on
materialistic things it's kind of lack
that you would do something like that
what else take joy what you got today
focuses if you guys know this brand oh
my god I got that I got that comment
down below if you know that brand if you
don't know that brand I'll give you
three seconds to comment that brand down
below I'm assuming a lot of you guys
don't know it but there's definitely
some girls that know that is that is
what we call Cartier
chart shit well why are you copying rug
cuz he got those first he got - so are
you rug rat or what's gone
anyway speaking of rug I'm going to rugs
in the next couple of days so let's see
congrats on buying your mom a car though
oh yeah congrats on that yeah we saw
that video I shut it to you I tried
doing that but YouTube's been rough
these days but big news I'm going back
to LA tomorrow morning so I think I'm
going to the rug rat mansion and gonna
ride the Range Rover and rubber 40% -
Ryan's coming - guys if this video gets
100,000 likes I'll go to LA white right
there Ryan's coming I can borrow might
come they don't listen to anything they
say just peep the vlog that comes out
next after this because I'm gonna I'm I
don't know I'm really good at convincing
so no no no yeah he's gonna
you know
it brought me the wrongs what the hell
is this okay wolf em so we just got back
from the match we got back from the mall
like probably three and four hours ago
but after eating and all of that your
boy was like I killed I have two itis I
had to pass out but now I got a boy
child with a J back with me what up
whole fam David P and Ryan Suites guys
sweating already
yeah lady who is we're gonna do a
challenge that we haven't done in a
while because you guys I just looked at
my channel and you guys really put this
challenge so smash the like button
before we start it's to try not to send
along challenge usually we do try not to
rap we haven't to try not to sing along
in a while it's pretty simple I'll leave
a link in the description so you guys
can play along with me because I like to
play along with you guys don't sing okay
don't hum don't mumble if you can do
that all yeah yo since I told you guys
because I'm taking he's not so he's
taking another take might be check is
vile you can never be taken if you're
like what so thank you we can all be
friends so all of sings feel free to
keep sliding in Ryan's DMS and and don't
catch feelings and I'm watching my vlog
so nice Julia Kelly post tag at Ryan
please
Manny's the sweet lights gay guys so
don't cast don't catch feelings because
you watch the vlogs okay so I'm gonna
say wait before we start
Gucci Cartier gang and anyways so let's
just get it right into the video
because this is the try not to sing a
long challenge extremely hard best songs
2017 your
yeah okay around the house I never
listen to rumors but he's got some
tattoos on fire okay
how you guys doing at home I don't know
this long either
so this is like a sample for my role -
yeah that breathing stuff bro we get
annoyed because what is Little Mix right
well we're doing the easier child I have
seventeen like I'm seventeen so like you
know what I mean like your age group
like is is popping Little Mix I don't
know look how many girl bands is their
fifth harmony little makes little
sprinkle
oh I love how many shots all my fifth
Thurs yeah yeah do they call it
performance actually yeah yeah I
actually hate this song to be honest
when this song dropped it was old -
focused on just rapping yeah yeah I
could dance to this
the lid
so hard another finger song that was
steal I'm skipping ahead in the video
big guys because these songs are all
over they're all over here we go
that's one more chance just be in charge
it's just me a job and honestly guys I
would love not to sing my song yeah you
know this compilation although it has 15
million views like it's old so I'm just
gonna go to a try not to rap because I
know this is gonna crack I know it's in
your video was black I don't know what
you're saying
did you do dancing whatever Dave's out
of this round because I want to hear
everything you guys say you're old bro
that was a real life I know I'm going to
somewhere I know it we're gonna crack in
this compilation which is real where's
Gucci gang cuz all bands are slapped the
second Gucci gang comes out okay I'm
going to two minutes and 41 seconds clam
dog tan towels down never
it is but this part when it comes right
now guys I tell you I win every
challenge I plant anyone it just happens
anyways I'm gonna end the vlog there
because we're you guys the fact that
we're better react react let's go
whatever you say oh come on let's a have
a reacting were you okay anyways like
when we watch this videos I have to go
to bed early tonight because I'm flying
out to Ottawa LA all up Co game tomorrow
morning so expect some robbery business
if if I beat you I'm coming buy my
ticket right now it's already buddy you
come a dollar
yeah
