nobody get mad who ate the cake oh good
morning eh yo what's good Wolfie welcome
back to more Wolfie another Ottawa vlog
then lively boy Wolfie love won't be
great Wolfie like button Wolfie go down
smash that like button today I want you
guys to hit the like button with your
this one's gonna be a little bit harder
so I'll give you a little bit more time
me okay hurry up you got ten seconds
this time instead of five seconds hurry
up put on your pits go go go go go
so I should like button smash leg
buttons you need let's go hit hit hit
hit hit if you hit the dislike when you
played yourself at the leg but guys
we're starting the night off early last
night was very very well if you don't
follow me on snapchat you played
yourself add your brand snapchat right
now at Wolfie rap it's right here on the
screen guys add your boy up
I'm always replying you guys on the
snapchat and I always post some crazy
stuff that I can't post on YouTube
because PG wolfies over here now so add
your boy and snapchat I did some crazy
stuff last night I don't feel that good
this morning we are headed into like
this adult packs meeting I don't know
why I'm going there because I'm only 17
but we are in like this through this one
building I am not awake enough for this
god oh my back I'm in my comfy outfit
today I've done this shirt that I didn't
even know I owned my contract is my
human race these are like the comfy
issues I don't know you know what we're
going okay I'm letting the women
no stairs not all paths I should meet
you guys up there I'm actually aged
about this fountain guys I've never
craved water so much in my life
okay what that what the hell is this
what the hell is this I'm eat these
chairs though comfy swinging 360 liquor
wow these are nice chairs
okay around me the Timmy's Sam guys best
coffee in the whole world over here Tim
Hortons I don't care what are you
Americans all right guys so I just got
out of the meeting very long meeting it
was like over an hour long but I learned
a bunch and just know the tax system is
over the tax system is oh I don't want
to talk about it right now cuz I'm kind
of stressed for the whole day went into
there I was like yo I'm expecting the
worst I actually didn't get the worst I
actually didn't get the worst there was
like some things that were some good
news a lot of bad news but living in
Canada is stressful I don't even know
like I don't even know what to say but
all I know is Sylvia doesn't really care
she's taking Instagram photos in this
nice lighting building because frigging
nice lighting so if she learned anything
it's how to take Instagram photos that's
what she just thing about the whole time
but your boy will just get expect I got
spanked I got spanked in the meeting I
couldn't go to breakfast to the boys I
mean wacky waving inflatable
arm-flailing tube-man wacky waving
inflatable arm-flailing tube-man no time
we got a film bro you down what what do
you mean you're sleeping bro I thought
we were supposed to film now what come
on bro okay fine go to sleep that anyway
in the vid you're Ryan sways oh he's a
nice room this is the slaves office all
the magic happens with all the girls
that slaves brings over because if there
were bare girls guys bare girls you guys
think Ryan's safe he's not he's honestly
a savage if you actually catch he feels
Orion's don't because there's bear girls
on this bit guys
okay wolf am I apologize because I feel
like this happens every time I'm in
Ottawa basically i vlog a lot in the
morning or i vlog some stuff in the
morning and then there's no middle of
the day there's no middle
the vlog it is skips to the end where
it's dark and gloomy outside which it is
right now but I have some explaining to
do I was filming another one of these
day of videos I did a lottery ticket
video where I expend a lot of money on
lottery tickets to see how much money I
would win see the percentage-wise it was
like a cool experiment so you guys could
learn from your boy who doesn't really
gamble that much but I love gambling for
the vid so I had to do that all day I'm
about to go to the store and finish up
with a whole video but I'm tired I think
I'm gonna need a Red Bull I don't know
what's going on right now guys I'm
trying to convince Ryan to stay in LA
longer because this guy's still in LA
I'm probably gonna call actually you
know what I'm gonna call him right now
let's see if he can convince them
together to to stay even though he just
texted me saying I'm probably gonna
leave tonight I'm not gonna show him the
camera yo yo you're coming don't don't
leave don't leave no this there's mad
important things there's mad important
things happening in the next couple days
there there's like mad important things
happening in the next couple days there
you can't leave you can't leave you
can't leave you can't leave you can't
take 35% relax anyways you know you stay
if they if they smash 40,000 likes
you'll stay if they smash 40,000 like
co-state smash like Kol on one hundred
fifty thousand forty thousand like scene
is gonna stay in LA actually those days
this this this this why are you coming
back show me the Venn diagram of why
you're coming back I need to see the
pros and cons show me the pros and cons
it's got as me another Pro in a con ah
okay guys we lost them
man down I just got off the phone Ryan
sounds like he's coming back that's cuz
not enough for you guys smash the like
button but there's still time to save
Ryan's waves and make him stay in LA so
that we can do cool reaction videos
together and troll the whole city smash
the light one DJ just taught me a life
hack guys you can replace the base of a
pizza with anything you want challenge
look at this pesto cream
garlic so you don't even need the
dipping sauce come on who's gonna go
outside and talk to the zoo plan outside
right now I'm not going just going I
want to meet more of you guys like these
creds raw exchange I'm not going out but
I want to feel here go go go talk to him
that means like a minute like yeah he
was not leaving like he wasn't catching
hints guys this is not okay
do not be Zuke's fans you're not his
Duke fans doke up that's the killer the
kill no I'm not crazy strange crazy
distress it's just okay okay sure he's
like 16 no no no no no that's good to
see the fan no no no it's a souped man
though is he up there
no no they're starting to leave weird
shit and then I look it's a red case I'm
like this is Charlie's fan birds live in
Row 2 2 2 2 2
yeah it's a zoo for only $4.99 you can
prank your friends two guys I bought a
fan of the story here crazy fan
crazy DIY fan prank on the elbow host
gone wrong cloud house involved somehow
views guys I am literally my pants right
now like I'm leaving the boys house and
it's like pretty late say 12 o'clock and
I don't know what to do because Dustin
left like an hour ago and this teddy
soft box a fox why is that Fox is out
here he said he saw a fox getting in my
car was the most sketch thing ever like
I'm not that scared at Fox and I kinda
scared of father you know I didn't know
we had those out here I thought there
was only like some mountain lions in LA
and like out here in Canada we were safe
in certain areas okay in the city we
should be safe so why is there foxes in
garages I don't he was posted chillin
and the boys garage thank God
just got in the car I'm feeling safe now
but imagine the freakin foxes game in
I'm by myself why am i yelling
I'm going home let's get it so he just
told me that she let the dogs out right
before oh oh they're coming
they can't be owned anymore you guys
know there's boxes this box is out here
this box is out here prints this Fox is
out here bro you guys need to show what
happens when they come home guys
literally here me and jump on me I know
I love you guys but I can't give you
can't give you all the attention that
you want because we're teaching them how
to chill these dogs are too hyper all
the time and they need to just relax a
bit because if we just give them all
this attention they're gonna do it every
single time you get home you guys know
there is foxes outside okay you know
okay okay
I'll give you some attention shoujo let
me set a tripod up this is what I have
to deal with guys these dogs
okay Prince is gonna sneak up okay every
time I come home it's like this
okay okay Prince and you claw to much if
you guys been clawed by too much I would
love you I love you okay just relax
okay I'm done guys help me well please
TV so what happens when you just
completely go from loving your dogs all
the time they're still loving them by
giving them no attention they crave
attention right Prince show them show
them look at Prince you just wants to
beat on me you doesn't even care about
kiss okay he does I know
holy Sh as I lip leading Jesus Christ
slowly is there you guys just saw that
look at this it's kind of I let bleed
won't be that's enough
no that actually hurt that really hurt
bro what did you just do
look at this guy's I was just in a war
zone Oh bro come on take it easy I
didn't know what got you such a small
cog they're so dangerous we'll see it's
all dangerous so friends do come here
boys yeah and your belly good boy boy
beauties so guys from my lottery video I
had a ticket where I won five dollars
but I didn't claim it so let's go see if
Silvia wants it I'm gonna give her five
bucks Silvia quit taking your thumbnail
what are you doing do you want five
bucks
yeah five bucks Thanks actually I'm
gonna need that back I'm gonna need that
back tomorrow guys I'm gonna do a random
act of kindness where I just go around
somewhere in Ottawa with these five
dollars I mean cuz I need somebody to
actually work for it a bit and I'm gonna
drop it on the ground somewhere but it's
not gonna be littering cuz someone's
gonna pick it up definitely by the end
of the day and I want to see if somebody
will actually claim this take it for
five because I think that would be dope
as hell so I'm going out somewhere I'll
hide it in tomorrow's vlog if you guys
don't find it by the time tomorrow's
vlog comes out and you'll know where it
is but it's gonna be in a very special
mirrored beer place to my heart or if no
one finds it I'll just go pick it up the
next day I'm just giving out to her
animal family so guys for my birthday a
while ago Silvia picked me up this
inflatable costume I think it's like an
inflatable chicken costume here you go
you're gonna put it on Sylvia's gonna
put it on so there's a mama kangaroo
right now people that keep the baby
right there little prince he's so sure
for some reason anyways I could not find
a screwdriver at the guys house cuz I
don't even know like these guys they
need to buy the supplies for like any
regular house they don't have
screwdrivers or hammers that I can find
anyways we got the whole set here
screwdriver hammer what do you want
headphones knives more screwdrivers like
nails screws we also got battered can
you go grab batteries I think this thing
takes double-a batteries we're gonna
surround with this for a bit because I
think it's a chicken costume and we're
making chicken nuggets right now because
we're about to watch the last episode of
house s a prison break
narcos trying to end this friggin show
off it's been forever but we got time to
kill into the food's ready so why not
mess around in this costume for a bit
we got the batteries I don't think I'm
gonna fit in this thing so it's a good
thing that Sylvia is inside of it
because she's definitely like the
regular size that he's the legs the body
where is the with that that's the red
thing called gizzard gizzard is it a
turkey or check I don't even know what
were what we're making right here gotta
put it on but will you open the oven for
a second so they can see these lovely
chicken nuggets right now these chicken
nuggets inspired us to make this chicken
costume right here DIY chicken costume
scare prank on dogs dogs you ought to
focus Wolfie and Prince you guys kill me
you guys absolutely kill me keep doing
you look at this costume all right you
got to get in there this is the whole
costume hey where's the head aren't you
supposed to be in it all right guys this
is ridiculous let's see if this costume
actually I think you need to obtain your
feet there too okay I will be right back
guys I'm gonna tighten this cost you one
are you sure this is the right way why
are your legs the great your legs are
your arms
those are supposed to just hang down
I think it's upside down no you don't be
arms in it
what are you putting here I was doing it
for like why the hell are your legs arms
no cuz you yeah yeah take them out we're
definitely not supposed to have your
arms in there those might be no no those
are the chickens arms and like literally
you put that around your waist and
tighten it swing those discussed it was
okay y'all put those put that around
your waist the whole cause you supposed
to go around your waist but what are you
doing talking about yeah you hope that
you know that so now the chicken legs
look like your legs killing I'll go over
there turn around no no turn out turn
around let me see it from the front
okay now run towards the dogs let's the
other react dogs are gonna hate it will
heat stress won't be run chicken alert
run run run run Oh wolf is beefing
wolfies beefy what do you do
as I you're tough grow it I thought
you're tough bro were you going whoa
hold on hold on come back back up good
boy whoopee
come to me come to me get run out of run
out of it up because we all Prince's old
bitches over it so it's a thing hate
this costume it's just your mom guys
it's just your mom no no don't worry
it's just a costume outfit on fleek look
at this I'm trying to run like a chicken
make your feet those legs are like
cricket why did you do this what's on
the chicken
Oh rig the dog oh look at this cost you
he did see walking chicken fucking
chicken
why is this guy's legs rock up in this
class she was old I thought of the full
body - what the hell is this half body
suit like it it it barely even inflates
listen to it you don't like my present
this is all this is old
thank God so they got me a billion
presence because this was scaring the
dogs Wolfie wants to kill himself don't
funny it is for me
I'm waiting on these chicken nuggets
though that's the same bite of Sylvia's
birthday cake we're bringing it to the
boys house putting it in the trunk of my
car
hopefully it doesn't the moment of truth
just got to the boys did the cake break
in the car ride let's see oh oh oh my
god it slanted a bit to the right there
might be some shirt dust on it but we
are good let's get it and the numbers
fell off I'm stressed
alright let's see how long is it put it
in my fridge for like a day like I don't
know what it is bro it's just like a
cookie dough
there's also tiramisu looking at
last time we did this book I cooked for
three mega pepperoncinis putting it just
the hottest pepper in the world neck I'm
joking relax holy crap it's just like
fridge ting
you're on your own your own okay now
that I drop the cape off at the boys
house I can now drive fast
Oh drive at regular speed obviously obey
the law I have to go pick up a bunch of
supplies because your boy DIY God is
back the ayme God I'm trying to film a
DIY in Ottawa because this is like my
home base I feel super comfortable I
know I got the supplies here I know
where to get all the supplies so I'm
gonna go pick them up but right now I'm
like under a heavy time crunch because
literally like I don't even remember the
last time all the boys from like I will
have been back in one room so everyone
obviously is trying to bang out a video
dad's trying to do what Dave is trying
to do on Sean's trying to do what
Dustin's finishing our video right now
it's just a lot of stress a lot of
pressure
Silvia's at home editing it's a YouTube
day daily life or youtuber so let me get
these supplies and I'm probably gonna be
out mad late tonight but you got dude
you gotta do we meet again do you meet
again hold off hold up oh god where is
it where is it
oh I'm each so guys I'm out here buying
supplies for the video you already know
what it is we're doing a giant DIY gummy
and I ran into this everybody's up
everybody how's it going this guy goes
to Otto are you there's Khaled Khaled
yeah it's a gambrel boy films or beer
boy ethnic aid okay give me a beer bro
give me a beer chest this is actually
quite a small supply trip today but we
still haven't got the gelatin the dude
is actually in the bag grabbing me some
every time I come here I buy so much
gelatin that they actually have to go to
the back to go get more it's like a
custom amount because that thing that I
showed you like the bucket it's just not
enough for these giant DIYs they don't
make stuff for youtubers video of the
day guys jobs video only albo allows
Dustin's back there cuz he's not oh gee
elbow but you know what it is yeah I
have the cake bro let's get it well fam
I love you guys so much there's gonna be
a long day you guys already know here we
go
just wrap the first video up after every
video key to getting views is this on oh
yeah let's see this thumbnail sucking
Diddy to get a W formation you know
those ones yeah like three low and then
guys this is what we do for you to next
video is who's next Ron we're doing like
a meme challenge for his video update
you guys in a bit today is just a crazy
day yeah yeah maybe I'll get some behind
the scenes of this video but between
every video I need a two-minute air
break guys the video we just build will
be in the description as well I love you
all fam I love you guys so much
yeah all the videos that we filmed today
will be in the description guys so go
check them out it's gonna be banger
season right now it's camo season so
this is the game we're playing for
Sean's Channel make the description
basically you pick a card that's like a
meme I picked this card and now these
guys have to pick like these long
sentence cards based towards so example
when your friends want you to split
yeah evenly but you only have an
appetizer yeah what do you say not to
Bangor card so now these guys are
deciding what I have to think it's funny
they just got to know my sense of humor
I need help
yes today everyone is grinding Sylvia's
literally at home grinding I'm grinding
I got to film my DIY tonight still and a
full hour video this is like the olden
days heavy reminiscing guys I love this
but it's a beautiful day in their head
how you guys doing you guys having a
good day I know it's a bit of a
different blog because there's a lot of
stuff we got to get done and I can only
show you between because I don't want to
like film pretty much like every what
everyone else is filming cuz it's their
video don't want to show too much but
you guys are doing good you're chillin
props all right hit that leg one let's
get a hit who actually ate it other than
Margo oh who actually ate it I barely
touched there might be a 1 2 X how would
you add pills in there
don't worry North like chocolate xxxx I
know I know it looks like the chocolate
bar that I bought last time where did
you put them random spots there's
actually like
there's no way because I put my eyes
smile okay on my face it's the same -
yeah so guys we're currently in the
middle of filming a video for David's
channel where we're supposed to like
carve pumpkins in like a few years ago
up so let's see what David thinks what
he sees it all right Charley presenting
his pumpkin guys before I present my
pumpkin you guys already know I said
vote for me if you don't like Donald
Trump if you don't like Trump vote for
me guys so if you don't like him you
should vote for me because we support it
anymore um anyways my polka cube is
ready to go it's something very near and
dear to my heart something very special
you change this one is especially
beautiful
I think I'll like it and David I love
tea marbles so much so I have to make it
our custom special here you go guys
right
see you guys next week thank you I'm
going back to LA I promised you a video
with album I can't disappoint we're not
back in LA yet today we're going to be
doing one of your favorite challenges
that we do in this vlog it's called the
most likely challenge even though you
guys didn't smash 40 thousand likes yet
the video didn't hit the views yet so it
was projected it's not like 33 years 34
K you guys killed the like button it was
crazy so this is a game that gets people
to beeping which I like there's a lot of
tension in spool of tail okay so I
tweeted out some questions let's get
ready to them most likely to go to a
pretty much concert me no because I am
too broke because of CPMs on YouTube to
get lines look how we're gonna play the
game is you're just gonna point at the
person that is most likely online just
give them a quick boy ain't about CPM so
I'll still make it back
Oh
I'm not trained well in the whole zombie
thing I feel like Shawn because you
would go in try to do all kind yes
without a bunker for ready to roll I'd
have to eat billion bullets and
okay that's good Wow another 100 that's
little second question most likely to
ignore fans because he has more
opportunity and dave is relating into a
certain gas
the date is it is on worldwide phenomena
we got a question guidance one is from
Ezra himself no most likely to win in a
fight near you
if your rug got in your will
actually most likely to have kids first
Oh
answers obvious okay most likely and
pretty much together s pretty when I'm
up like yeah what most like via of us
beginner at this oh I know I know but if
you get a ride up
ready ready three two one
two more questions
blend it off with obviously crazy ones
why is the protein most likely to expose
Ryan's girlfriend
in the last would you rather question
you wanted towards yet he heard us Brian
Texas yeah yeah you guys can't see this
big i'll show you better quality your
Ryan what's this pic about buddy let's
this think about your okay actually the
last question you know posture making it
which one would you pick
okay on the last question is most likely
to get a dog or a puppy
strictly for views Oh Eagle you
I love my dogs I'm getting a kid you
actually bought one in a world where is
the pizza yeah is that does that pizza
Oh a pizza's here
diet wolf he's nowhere to be found I'm
stressed finishing the day off with a
little more shooting a little more
shooting a little more dogs no attention
for you guys because I gotta get this
done we got a super early day in the
a.m. tomorrow probably gonna go to
Toronto for a day before going back to
LA Hey look at these dogs actually going
outside Pete are you gonna pee
good boys DIY jelly whoo my let's get it
guys Destin is currently going to get
his girlfriend right now so we're taking
a bit of a break from the main Channel
video oh my god hold up okay I'm off
today has been a good day I like I don't
even remember the last time I filmed
like five or six videos in one day so
it's been mad productive hold on let me
catch this great I ahead top but I'm at
a bit of a hole right now because I
can't from the rest of the video without
Destin being here he's my DIY goo my god
help her but I'm gonna end the video off
here so I can save some of this energy
to finish off the main channel video I
hope you guys understand I really hope
you enjoyed today's vlog if he did do
not forget to smash the like button this
vlog was really for like all my old
school fans that have been with me since
like less than 100k because like I said
before team albo has been with me since
the very beginning I filmed all my
initial videos with them I've done so
many challenges with them I would not be
where I am at right now without them
obviously they know that even though we
joke around a lot we're always gonna be
friends I love those guys the death shot
to them hopefully we can make more
videos in the future but I think I'm
going somewhere tomorrow so I don't even
know if I'm gonna see a lot of them
after tomorrow for a little bit unless
they call it and visit me which guys you
should spam the comment section on all
their videos and this video because I
know they're gonna read it tell them to
come visit your boy well I'm out there
in la-la and start playing freakin games
for like two nights and come say what up
to your boy because it's lit when we're
all there so that's what I want you to
comment I love you guys again and I will
see you guys soon are more Wolfie where
we stay a little bit more savage of my
main channel and as always stay savage
did I go
