your back and Rainie Rainie autoload
guys surprise
good morning AOS ketchup we're wolfy
welcome back to more wolfy we are
continuing the vlog off from obviously
yesterday's vlog pretty much daily
vlogging out here we're sitting in the
airport right now guys I'm waiting for
my next flight because if you didn't
watch yesterday's vlog for some strange
reason I'm going home for like a bit I'm
going back to Ottawa I've been seeing
too many damn comments about people
wanted me to go to Ottawa so smash that
like button because today even though
Sylvia's birthday is tomorrow we flew
back to surprise Sylvia so let's hit
35,000 like sorry I'll go hit the lake
when you got five seconds hit it with
your nose hit it with your nose
boom-boom boom-boom-boom care bless so
here's the plan my next flight I don't
know where I am right now 6 a.m. right
now but I'm about to catch a flight to
Otto on like an hour gonna go to my
parents house Surprise them that I'm
home
surprised the albo boys because pretty
much everyone except for Ryan is back in
Ottawa I think even DJ's coming up to
visit today or tomorrow so gonna
surprise him too and surprise Silvia and
my dog so pretty much it's like a 4 in 1
so today's vlog is gonna be super lit
nobody has any idea that I'm coming home
I feel like shit but it doesn't even
matter I'm excited to be home let's get
it take care
and just like that we're back in rainy
rainy autoload guys it's cold here I can
already feel the temperature difference
there's rain in this fog none of that in
LA but there's a lot of stuff I need to
get done here so hopefully I can find my
luggage because last time I went on the
plane I lost my luggage so it's not like
button 3 pray for you I thought I was
playing welcome back Nikki man one big
check to bag checks I'm aged we got them
both let's get it okay guys so I'm
officially in the Oberer on the way to
my mom's house I just called her she's
preparing the dinner for Sylvia like
today even though it's not her birthday
she's having it like a day earlier so I
called my mom and I was like yo just
make sure that you let me know when
Sylvia gets to the house because I want
to have some stuff delivered like I'm
gonna have some stuff delivered but all
of that stuff is gonna be delivered
tomorrow but realistically I'm heading
to my mom's house right now she doesn't
know I'm back but it's a Sunday which
means I don't think she works today my
dad should be around I see their
reaction of me coming
because I tell them I'm never coming
home let's get it pulling up to my mom's
house right now I think they're in the
kitchen there's a camera so I'm gonna
hide behind this door here Charles what
are you doing here what's good oh my god
how are you I know I'm back did you know
I was coming no I checked your fine
friends what and it was in Los Angeles
yesterday I know I just flew home right
now in the morning I flew all night
we're back in this Sylvia has no idea
I'm gonna be here guys but I have
pancakes here I'm going to catch up with
my parents I know she I know she doesn't
I couldn't snap or anything don't want
to snap at all none of the boys know I'm
back because the service in the Hills
I'll be back guys guys everything's the
same when I'm back with it Cleo loves me
but I can't pet her because I'm allergic
to cats
so we got to get out of here I was just
here for a bit but now next step before
we actually go back to my house like
with the dogs and Sylvia because I just
don't want to go that early we are going
to go to the boys house Bongo just
messes because like I think they kind of
had a hunch that I was gonna come back
for a bit they didn't know for sure so
right now I'm just gonna show up at the
Apple house because I think these guys
are on some next gaming all the time I
need to get them in their place so I'll
see what's good over there all right so
we just pulled up at the elbow house I'm
gonna see what's good with them see
their reaction 2000 years late m1e 10
the later here it is what's up a bunch
of luggage I need to bring yeah how many
unseen so the guys see so John yeah
John I guess we'll see if Chad's away
guys I gotta get this reaction yes
yo John yo John yo come upstairs because
I gotta go get my oh my god Josh a DJ
mr. viral 800 cake
I saw your viral vid bro yes Charlie yo
guys thought Alba was done I was not too
happy to see this guy over let me take a
break okay again guys I'll be back in a
sec cuz like I gotta catch up with the
boys but I'll see you guys in a bit
alright guys the next surprise Sylvia
has no idea I'm here she thinks my mom's
gonna come pick up the dogs from the
house but i'ma show up here and see what
she says she hates me right now the dogs
are going off I can already hear them I
could see the dogs in there have another
month well he's gonna go crazy
I could see Sylvia's reflection I'm
riding one eternity later I think she
has her headphones in I think she could
see me she hates me she hates me she
hates me
surprise she has no makeup on guys I
can't film what's up
she's so happy that I'm back
hey guys just emotional turn the camera
off the boys are back the boys are back
guys I can tell the dogs missed me
because the dogs are literally going off
right now I love you guys
Prince Wolfie I'm back your dad's back
okay let's go get some food
guys the first meal back in Ottawa I've
been craving this ever since we got back
and guys sorry I had to cut the footage
early because like Zoey was crying I was
emotional I couldn't I couldn't record
it because it was just like tough off
cam anyways I'm getting food than going
back there but warmer palaces that is
the palace have not had ash warmer you
guys saw in LA I got a shawarma they had
rice in it it was not a shawarma so it
was old but I'm going to probably eat a
full plate right now I'm aged late
watch Norma holy garlic potatoes and
this is what of what had shawarma love
saying that this isn't real chance
that's at least one guy's prints is back
in the vlogs loafie say hi to the vlogs
as well you're back at the blogs will be
good boy yeah come on can you jump up
there it's too hot for you principal
here back I've been gone so long the
prints completely as a new man he knows
how to behave now before he was a little
monkey and now he's a grown mature man
kiss kiss kiss
okay he's still stressed out but prince
is chilling here we got a birthday cake
we got the birthday girl Dustin's in
this my mom's here you play your tongue
it's great brain freeze and then there's
also these two cats which I can't touch
because I'm allergic to cats
hey oh hey oh you look so depressed you
look so good don't worry
good boy please can you show that no
vlog a new trick you learned let's see
come on Prince that's not the chicken
guys ever since I got back a couple
hours ago
I've been cuddling with them non-stop
cuz they just want to see me right right
it's great look at that that's what I'm
talking about Prince never did that
before
soon I'm gonna be able to fly him out to
LA if he can behave on the plane but
Wolfie still has anger management and he
still freaks out well are you listening
to good boy good boy you can come down
Leah soon we'll do a meet-and-greet in
LA right boys
go get a woman go get walking don't get
it well if you don't get it well you can
zoom in now how do I do that
okay how's it like eggs eggs you know
okay guys this is what happens when your
mom is recording
yeah it's recording is there a red dot
there yeah so this is the night princess
cuddling with me he's on his back he's
actually passed out that's when you zoom
in on Prince I am focused does it focus
it by itself yeah I guess so now you can
zoom out okay cuz I'm about to talk to
what's around me okay
so princess here robot we have this
movie we're about to watch spider-man
homecoming is it bad if your finger
doesn't know that's what you it's like
it as bad as this point there what the
camera screen up here yeah
do I come over here now watch me zoom as
I turn the camera this part of the line
is gonna be ten years long cuz of me
Wolfie I won't be Prince it was smooth
this is dog goals guys everyone
screenshot this image right now and tag
me on Twitter first five people that do
it I'll follow you guys go off right now
is he passed out right now yes his eyes
are closed
yep Jesus Christ this is limp arm it's
not limited so straight eyes give a limp
arm Ray's asleep don't wake him up
Charles he's so tired cuz he's been
crying all week because you haven't been
here alright by Wilson how do I turn off
guys I've been loving these two day
blogs for some reason just because I
haven't been getting enough footage into
one day cuz a lot happened yesterday but
day - it's actually Sylvia's birthday
today and look what just happened
literally she got sent this thing by
Tarte make this big pinata their 17th
birthday so they sent her this even
though it's her birthday so they didn't
even know that but I broke it open and
look at the mess that I made there was
like a yeah that was makeup in candy in
there but mainly it was just a mess so
now we got the vacuum hook but to vacuum
this up yeah you're not a regular
youtuber if you don't take a picture of
your food before you eat it
hey guys it's the birthday girl here -
3:23 yeah I like younger men Charlie
still only a 7 6 fine that's fine we
just finished eating and now we're going
back out to the car I haven't seen
charlie and so long so we've been
spending a lot of time well last night
in today we've just been spending
together so he hasn't been blogging much
but now he told me to vlog so I'm taking
over and now it's blurry I'm not very
good at this anyways it's my birthday so
comment down below - Sylvia Shirley's
for all your until you up in the blog
alright guys that's enough facility as
she vlogs from know it's my birthday I'm
allowed to see it a bit no I'm still me
so they wait forever so you guys know
for an Ottawa I obviously have to stop
at Nora's because I always come in for
my jewelry but you guys remember I
bought that Uzi chain and the reason I
couldn't wear it is because it Rashed my
neck up you guys thought it was a hickey
for like month but it was because this
part is not real gold so I told the guy
to extend the chain pretty much like
make more of this chain so right now I'm
just gonna go see if he still remembers
Who I am because I've been in LA for so
long and then if he does I'm gonna get
this chain customized so that when I go
back to LA I can pull up like Ozzy Burt
yeah Sylvia's age guys this how you know
we're getting old we're going to a house
place on her birthday we're looking for
house supplies even though we are never
actually I'm never in this house she's
in this house dacor is aged
I'm stressed why not 95 from 17 years
old 95 years old
shopping for I'll shit my wife I just
wipe it off I always shop for this
what song is this from me and you yes no
it's I think I'm gonna make my move me
plus you and one time Justin Bieber if
you're not a fan so we got a little to H
no no guys this is what we had to fill
out this is a little go to the store for
Sylvia went for her birthday and she
pretty much bought all of these things
on the side of the house this sides nice
but this side is better apparently this
is the other side there was nothing in
here before we left the store Sylvia has
her sister over and her sister's husband
he's here they just went to the mall so
right now me and Sylvia are about to
take it easy and peep these there's a
bunch of flowers here there's a bunch of
balloons here and then what's most
important right now is that there's wine
I got wine for Sylvia there's some of
these as well and this cake is
absolutely modernist guys I don't even
know how we're gonna even touch this
it's the biggest cake I've ever seen in
my life but we have wine and we should
have champagne and you guys know the pop
champagne so we just finished off the
birthday night by watching some narcos
pretty much we are on like the last
episode but it's getting pretty late so
I think we're gonna go to bed now
we are all so well Sylvia more than me
is trying to train these dogs so
literally we have to keep them in this
hallway like that's what the dog trainer
told us so these dogs have been whining
all night printed Wolfie where the hell
is Prince I think Prince is in this
little floor right here he's sad as hell
these dogs went from getting non-stop
attention to absolutely like no
attention but we feel bad sometimes so
we take them out of cuddle them but then
they just go crazy but we have to make
them so they don't constantly bark when
people come over because Wolfie this guy
right here who's so innocent now in the
cameras on buddy you're a savage you
literally are barking at everyone you're
gonna kill them so we're teaching Wolfie
to stop doing that trainer told us to
stop he has a lesson tomorrow actually
so we're going to that lesson but I'm
gonna end the vlog off there if you guys
are excited about these Ottawa vlogs for
a bit smash the like button let's hit
35,000 because I know a lot of you guys
have been begging me for these Ottawa
vlogs comment down below welcome back to
Ottawa wolf feet just for a bit and I
will see you guys soon on Murphy where
we stay a little bit more savage of my
main channel yeah oh wait they savage
leggo
you
