this is a bit of a buzzkill I mean look
at those lines
good morning eh yo what's good at your
boy wolfy welcome back to another savage
pappad vlog on more wolf people we still
out here in LA okay whatever
so you already know what it is go smash
the like button if you are excited for
another la vlog because today there's
gonna be some crazy stuff happening
let's hit 35 thousand likes on this vlog
because we're super lit Ryan right why
should they hit the language cuz it's a
great city of Holly and sunshine so if
you're alive then you're alive if you
have two feet if you're happy if you
love your mom if you love your dad it's
nice to like button if you have two toes
smash your like button guys let's get
the day started
guys the other day I bought is a kini
from the store I'm gonna put it in my
pants and see how many people I can
prank with this this is like the awkward
prank I'm gonna see how many people
actually like notice and decide to like
point something out but I'm gonna play
it off like super low-key so so cold
let's go troll some people yo are you
ready to go yeah what how much you video
what's out of the n√ºrnberg show what he
doing it's kind of freaking are you bro
I'm feeling I'll lick oh honey I even
notice it's blending with the black
pants is me you know me for a long time
lady do what you said you need a great
sleep and stress alright guys so this is
what today let's go I'm literally
physically aged no tiara maybe Europe
you notice anything different on my
outfit
you notice anything different about my
outfit today no what do you mean do I
look fresh yeah everywhere do you mean
dude I'm confused
what's happy you guys will give to you
up a break he has no idea what's going
on League it's a French thing bro chill
don't worry about it
I'm not hiding who's next
so guys I was gonna troll more people
with this sooo Keaney and then the worst
possible thing that ever could possibly
happen in my life happened last night I
remember like vividly like kind of
falling asleep with my laptop on the bed
and then I remember moving when I was
like half asleep and then the laptop
pretty much fell off the bed and usually
when it falls off the bed it falls and
it lands like on it's on the bottom side
of it which is where all like the
hardware is but it fell off the bed and
landed like this and then I just
remember like being like a half asleep
in a daze and just closing the laptop
not really thinking much about it and
today when I went to upload my vlog like
literally just now I open my laptop and
this is what the screen is looking like
right now I turned it on and it made the
sound like that and then watch this can
you even see the screen you can barely
even see the screen but if you look
closely the screen is completely broken
you cannot see a thing on the screen all
you can see is black right now so my
whole plan game plan everything just
changed for the day I was gonna go to
UCLA cuz the nug boys are filming like a
prank there and I was gonna go help them
out because you guys remember the one
that we did at Carleton where we dropped
at a school fake dropping in a school
prank that was so fun to do so obviously
I wanted to do it again in the States
especially because I've never been to
UCLA that would be dope but now I have
to get this resolved before I do
anything because I need to keep dropping
these vlogs so I think we're just gonna
go get food and then go to the Apple
store hopefully I'm not at the Apple
store all day this is a bit of a
buzzkill
I mean look at those lines oh my god so
painful to look at Oh
Oh - I've got me a monitor we're gonna
check if the computer actually still
work you know HDMI cable so this is what
it looks like
they were monitor here the moment of
truth we're gonna hook it up to the HDMI
and pray that the computer still works
on this bender you know Leslie get your
appointment right now for Deb look I
know I got a book it now please give me
something give me something in the
monitor works we know that nothing is
showing up yet but guys like every
important document I've ever done and
anything like that is all on here and I
don't really think it's backed up so
this could be a buzzkill to my old a
your hard drive is always hard drives
always a mess on this like when you drop
through the hedge that should be good no
okay so as you guys can see this is not
good this means we need to go to the
Apple store immediately my life Apple
Care Alert oh yeah
uberx l-looking I played myself when I
booked my appointment for my MacBook for
like 4 p.m. but basically in like 3 or 4
days so now we have a bunch of time to
kill because I had to find a new
appointment because all the appointments
got filled up so now we were just going
to the mall and I had to get it exact
sound King oh geez skidding saying that
Weber couldn't have drove us any closer
yo you ever have sweet green just do a
speech show like come on guys you can't
beat this food we got bread already had
to do with chicken quinoa
a star dark yeah no no no this is the
most great I've ever seen but I swear
this is like this is the only place that
you can eat and they don't accept cash
that's how you know even except my car
they're like no we don't accept your car
so that that's basement no well you got
your food once our ball we're taking
over kale right there Bryan's got some
combination water it was 250 dollars
what the water he's fast like water
alright guys so we just arrived at the
location we're gonna do a bit of
shopping a bit of tourist thing I've
never been here yet it's Glendale
Galleria apparently it's really nice I
also have to get my my macro fix but I
don't have an appointment here so
hopefully I can squeeze in one of those
I don't know if it is is it up there or
is it over here oh yeah right there okay
I get it so we're going in the mall and
then today also what I plan on doing is
you guys know that
do you know Ryan sways you know that one
yeah I know my favorite youtuber okay so
you do you know Ryan says is my favorite
youtuber okay so Ryan sways back here
we're gonna go to random people and ask
if they know Ryan sways their sways
nation if they're wolf am there ice
nation it doesn't matter they're you
know Ryan's ways you don't write please
the man the myth
he knows where I enslaves we're starting
off good guys
I don't want it bro I don't chill can
you stop offering me one please stop I
don't see it like holy shit stop
offering me that when you see you guys
know Ryan sways on the hunt for d-bag
Ponte do they have any deep back Franti
here go to the loom Hans bunch people
it's large but this guy rock that's how
you know you've been in LA for too long
when you're buying underwear buying
underwear and dress shirt and shopping
and this bought a jacket yesterday
oh you legit what do you think about
this one that's all that's all I'm cause
it's a plain shirt this one's way guys
comment down below that shirt so oh this
is the large Marshalls edition Jake shot
so if you guys don't know banks is a
huge Patriots fan more specifically a
huge Brady fan so I'm a columnist
shoutout to the twins for finding me
this one because I did not I could've
done it on my own but I'm gonna get this
for him do you think would fit Paris or
London London KL London is gonna wear
this and we'll see his reaction
this cost me a lot of money banks $55 25
bucks somewhere in somewhere on there
but so let's all do our banks impression
right when he sees it what do you think
is into your banks of pressure I know
I'm the best at the bank's impressions
really I mean hundun oh wait I yeah your
bank's your bank's your picture Thanks
yeah I got this for London it's gonna
sit on his tippy toes you suck k oh let
me do my banks in French oh hey yo Ricky
I got you this this is crazy bro I know
people you bro
Oh money money old and crazy
banks in a nutshell yeah I think that I
think he has a match
that wasn't gonna leave here Oh daddy
can you buy me everything us again
yes sheer number lives nothing like a
beautiful day of the mall in the
Galleria doing Galleria things so I
think I finessed an appointment it's
like an hour 45 minute wait problem is
all the guys just left me because they
thought I was gonna have an appointment
in there so now I'm walking in the
Galleria by myself I don't know where
anyone is don't think they're in the
Lego store that is something I don't
think but knowing them I see an Adidas
store I have no idea if they're in there
but I know ryan loves adidas so let's
get it second best guess not Adidas
store
it's Zara we don't fit well we don't
grow they have xxx don't fit in stuff
I'm tired of coming in the store we
don't fit in anything in the store so
it's kind of pointless but I have time
to kill so who knows I might just caught
this when you see his hair Yoshi bricks
dude that's 100 emoji it is hair no no
no no so guys I'm out here shopping the
jewelry stop look at this stuff guys
some crazy earrings because one of my
good friends died on you guys no Zion
pretty much if I pulled you closely
would you mind I jokingly told him I was
like y'all know copy something than when
you're famous bro you can you can get me
back so he doesn't actually think I'm
gonna get him something but low-key I
think imma get on these earrings that
are like diamond they're friggin sick
obviously not two out of my price range
let Zions a good kid so he's gotta look
fresh you know what I mean so we're just
looking at them right now but I'll fill
you guys in all right let's take this
thing
very ho
you got it yo this is why you make sure
to get that yeah guys the new meme is
I'm gonna take every photo like this is
my new bracelet and rings this is what I
call the iron fist
Yoshi what did they just are Kelvin and
Rick shout out to the man damn they gave
me the gucci mane heard they saw they
had the new ice so I had to like
obviously match it with that get it so
apparently some say the race comes gets
track up here at the lights guys and
look at what's going on literally it
cause the whole scene I knew that freak
the police was like a banger like that
but like it's a banger like
yeah check that out you can really see
it this is insane police RGS gang game
gang all right guys so I'm finally back
home
I completely forgot I had the present
for banks but is it a good note Tom I
know you know the Ghost Pepper Branca
did on you yeah it's part two are you
ready
it's not that it's a nice present
because I saw it at the store I was like
yo I know he's a big fan and I don't
know so here you go this is for London
or Paris oh that's awesome guys I told
you he didn't it's a nice present I
think they like the present bill banks
has a success
wait you know Elissa do you like the
president not okay I'll take it back
good raging success on the costume Bank
says he never buys jerseys for the dogs
because you know he doesn't want to
curse the team but I had to do it firm
because I knew it would look nice I
thought it was gonna fit Paris but I
definitely overestimated how big Paris
was Fitz London so it is what it is
let's get it
day two vlog I forgot how dependent I am
on a laptop guys it's ridiculous I was
looking into flights because I wanted to
go home because Sylvia's birthday is
coming up in a few days and I wanted to
obviously be there for that but I do not
even have a laptop to like book flights
or anything I just got an email though
back from the place that I went to
yesterday Apple store and they said that
it should be ready it's a bit of a
mission so if I go there and it's not
ready it's gonna be a buzzkill on my day
and a big waste of time but basically I
can't edit videos I can't do anything
without this laptop so I can't even draw
up videos on my main channel or my blog
channel this is stressing me out so we
have to go back to the small to go get
it let's go do you watch any basketball
24/7 an mba players yeah we just we just
got traded from the Clippers to Los
Angeles like Lakers so it's like you
know we're again the Justice of the news
like
yeah that's a lot of work like being in
the NBA
yeah just like 24/7 training yeah yeah
every time we leave the house it's like
fans are always there like want to take
pics and stuff it's actually funny yeah
I'm just the best basketball player I
need to be so you just got a contract
drafted for like eight eight eight
hundred mil all right the old MacBook
welcome to the new and improved MacBook
oh my god
we got the touch bar guys finally I knew
I didn't want to do this but I'm at
games know what the mac games oh yeah we
got the mat games right there right
there and then we have the USB I think
these are C or some lightning or I don't
know but we have two of these on this
side two on the other side it's a bit of
a buzzkill because now I have to buy
dongles but I'm a cop the dongles right
now and then this should be ready to go
and I can finally edit so the videos are
gonna be out for you guys probably a
little bit delayed but they will be out
I love you buddy and guys the desktop is
literally the exact same as I left it
they literally did such a good job Brian
brought me into a target with three
floors just to get a razor to mourn they
do some on a diet you're a snake I
literally don't want to be here I just I
need to go home and edit right now cuz
my MacBook I'm so excited to use the new
MacBook but you got me out here taking
escalators they glow up blue they do
let's keep walking
shopping for video supplies also we have
to restock on the essentials body wash
because I use this so much guys I've
been sharing a room with this guy live
with on my whole life I have never seen
someone so basically how it was is last
week I bought I don't remember which one
I bought I bought I think I bought one
of these want Old Spice ones check none
of these ones I don't know how to check
of your vlogs and Ryan managed to eat it
up I think he ate it in the shower this
guy eats it and you really wanted to get
that deep clean right there and he ate
it up and now it's all gone so we're
stocking up on that he's getting one you
guys think we fake in our vlogs which
one did you get like one of these ones
why - 39 - 5 guys we don't this is not
fake this is two dollars for 12 raises
yeah you ever in target I just need to
get the little hairs off I'm not trying
to shave but I'm getting the women's one
cuz you guys know we don't want to get
raised
we smooth out here carts only I work
that one I've never done this then how
are you getting it up no no no no you're
not a city boy they have these in you to
work guys just as I got my phone fixed
look what Ryan did this crack the screen
everywhere oh my god oh yeah yeah yeah
you're not asleep what's good though
what's this what is this what is this
you're a snake
all right okay well you guys see first
hand all right P wolfies phone MacBook I
was in a good mood now look at me
all right guys so it is that time of the
night very cold in this room but we've
done a lot today but one thing that we
haven't done is that I promised you guys
that because we're in America you guys
know copies are very big me and Ryan
have really never eaten too many talkies
other than the ones that Jeff makes on
his channel though sloppy chicken nugget
challenge and stuff like that so I went
to the store picked up every type of
talkie there was four or five I don't
know why there's only three right now
but we're about to do a little softy
taste test for you and hopefully try
some of the hottest talkies I think
these are one of the hottest talk he's
talking nitro got slaves on the camera
right here we got talky guacamole for
all my guac heads Nitro talkie zombies
don't know what that one's about but it
should be one looks like we're just
gonna have to taste the in world's first
invisible talkies have you ever had
those have you ever had those have you
ever had the world's first invisible
talk we'll start with the invisible ones
oh all right okay so let me just get it
out of this bag here whew to me oh my
god has that one taste that's actually
pretty good mystery hi yeah let me go my
god let me try let me go so hot oh god I
got spice to it
is hot guys the world's first invisible
talkies are crazy God don't try that at
home but on a serious note
honestly like I lost the fourth bag I
don't really know what it is but you
know what we're gonna start with the
zombie one you guys love your taste test
videos so these ones as you can see
green if you're wondering why we are
dressed up like we are in the freaking
and it's so good spot in LA but it's
real outhouse it's the old house gold
yeah I was thinking this love my cousin
link right let's try these hot talkies
hopefully they were more what these are
zombies
these ones are built for zombie
apocalypse guys sorry if the ladies bit
off I'm using my phone line cuz this
room's also dark cloud house needs to
fix the temperature of the house they
also need to fix the lighting and house
because it's not suitable for our light
skin but damn I look good here we go do
you want a stop the zombie in it yeah
cuz I want to dine like way kind of
Dukey this one's try not right this one
I have one more yeah
just to have it that's all I don't know
how those those got so bad where we can
be trance oh my god but those are hot
crazy heart
next up guacamole I'm expecting I'm
expecting these ones are a little bit
less spicy hopefully they're they're a
little less green so he'll I'm not a
Glock guy I don't think walk on anything
walk that I never pay for Glock ooh
smells owns bus bro I swear it I can't
handle these talkies off bro you guys
need to chill with this salt oh my good
smell Balak material imma stay not
iguana but I like this this guy loves
black he loves queso
this is great we liked what you learned
man how is this a chip bro that's so old
when I think chips I don't think this I
know also the talkies in general just
like the crunchiness of them they're not
even like hot cheetos hot cheetos are
allowed they're good these are not good
I can't even like little it I don't know
I feel like I literally think I just
need like the regular talkies bag
all of these are good I love green and
purple looking the long ones are bad
oh my god okay last but not least is of
nitro these are like the hottest doggies
I think in existence rug he√≠s talking
taste test here we go these little ones
oh my god that color is worthless guys
banks is showing us some bear that he
just got cat litter right how does levy
what door do they have those in that's
so good what is this hurts here banks
just pulled up with his bear my dad we
can't even see your face guys on a scale
of one to ten this talkies are all right
to be honest that's the that's the taste
I see this army was a home these worst
one I've ever seen try it on down
danke guys banks is gonna try one
thumbnail very hard one it's bad zombies
old so I not know guys the taste test is
over all right what do you think of the
zombies zombies this one's your trash
horrible I don't read this on B these
are the best ones world's spiciest by
the way I spiked everyone's with the
hottest edges in the world so y'all oh I
lost it I'll see you guys tomorrow
I love you guys I'm gonna end up arse
off there if you guys enjoyed the vlog
make sure to go down and smash alike but
let's have thirty five thousand likes on
the blog comment if you made it the very
end of the vlog I'm giving away this guy
so if more Onam comment down below teddy
bear and you can have him now and I will
see you guys soon are more Wolfie but we
stay a little bit more savage on my
channel and I was always stay sad as I
go by
