yo is that 10k the song didn't even drop
yet my good morning a yo what's gonna
Superboy Wolfie welcome back to more
Wolfie guys it's tough being a vlogger
okay it's tough waking up every day
early in the a.m. because sometimes like
right now my eyes are not fully awake
okay guys these are the struggles we did
with being a daily vlogger
some people just don't get you don't
always look your best but I think that's
what makes me look my best is that this
is real life guys this is this is real
life I'm actually in the Hills right now
you guys already know what it is another
la vlog so today is gonna be crazy
so before we start off the vlog I need
you guys to go down and smash that like
button let's hit 35,000 like because we
got a special guest coming to the house
today there are two boys I have done a
collab with them in the past they are
Canadian they speak very very very
Canadian Ryan is a big fan of them he's
one of their biggest supporters ever
George George Hannah and that's your
guest okay guys we're seeing now today
nelq is flying to LA it's a Canadian
takeover tiing super excited to have
them here because if you don't know them
first of all we did this together I'm
dropping out of school I'm done I'm not
a raven anymore
we dropped out of school they've also
done a crazy prank like this can't do
this I can't do this man go got your
coke in the back I'm sorry
guys they are literally insane they do
public pranks they don't fake a thing
that they do which is amazing so we're
probably gonna get into some trouble
today
right now Ryan's gonna be stressed
because I don't know if you noticed one
thing about me before we film your video
what did you hear the razor in the
bathroom
my wolf em as Charlie's brother as you
guys all know I'm his brother blood
brother we known each other since we
came up the will in case spit it out I
have the best advice for my brother he
looks better not like we like is this a
mutual agreement or not a mutual
agreement I mean he looks better with a
mustache and some little chin here and
like you boys so now this video gets
25,000 like our girls are mustaches
you'll grow the mustache and a beard we
have to do is not to be enough beer to I
came combo okay guys please don't smash
alike if you hit I'll grow I'll grow the
beard for like one two weeks although
the two weeks and a mustache I'm gonna
look like a bum okay go baby snap I
really don't like doing you guys I hate
having hair anywhere I shave I shave my
armpits I literally shave my armpits I
do I shave everything guys I'm like I'm
like a friggin naked more I call me
Rufus from Kim Possible it's ridiculous
guys I don't like having hair on me so
this is a big change trying to grow hair
anyways hit the like button if you want
to see that I don't want to see that
we're gonna get filming Ryan's video
which is really controversial it'll be
on his channel is it a man or woman
challenge I'm not gonna say anything
else about it you wanna be backing
yourself up concentration she gets to
use those so here we go
I'm in the pills my son just hit a
hundred mils oh this is what's happening
right now
he's actually other than guys no queer
you out come see you boy I'm waiting for
you guys to come here I'm not gonna eat
until you come here because you need to
get food for the boys did you hear the
big news
what very big news today right it's me
no longer no I don't give a shit all
race comes using video ok no no no not
race come just track me what no no no no
guys okay yeah we're not talking about
this no or not stop trying to defend
yourself stop trying to defend yourself
actually big news for two seconds listen
to me closely remember how we've done a
few reactions to bad baby
aka Danielle bergoglio yeah a que a bad
day don't catch me outside aka the homie
homie big news she followed me on
Twitter the wolf femme actually
destroyed her enough that the
notifications wolf am I'm so friggin
proud of you guys you have no idea I've
been telling you guys to like go flutter
notifications just be like yo why can't
you a Wolfie be friends and today is
that day
we now have that friendship that bond
that I've been looking for for so long I
got that Danielle follow you Danielle
she just from one verification other--
Barakat account thank God that verified
wolf your apps worked so long ago cuz
now that we are verified guys we got
that Danielle bergoglio on how do you
fan you know guys go snow check old
family I just checked you didn't Jesus
let me see the moment of truth drumroll
please
let's crab should i attack screen you
guys are cracked yesterday but let's see
the moment of truth and not look
following no no no it says it would have
said she follows the only see eyes no
he's wrong yeah come on
it's a verified as verified no it's not
let's go Danielle I love you so much
wait and we need to collab though
because just hit me up you know I hit my
DMS and everyone will figure out a
collab because now that we don't fight
anymore now that that has been in the
past okay we can be friends it's good I
love you so guys the whole point of
today's vlog is to count how many times
we can get nikan to say that's
absolutely insane
guys some people say that sick some
people say yo that's pretty dope that's
that's awesome isn't even cut it no it's
absolutely insane
Travis Scott just dropped his clothing
line what it's absolutely insane
so that's insane absolutely insane count
one for the day but I'll fill you guys
in what is that Porsche Porsche that's
like two million dollars that's crazy I
forgot the name of it that's pretty
insane - yeah what is that
well that's someone wrote it's something
roadster what which car is that Porsche
yo Pete this one this one's nuts I'm
sure that cars crazy taking my boys here
this is a shame it's actually so insane
how crazy is that word boys clothes
machine on the road doesn't see sanity
for for the day boys your big day for
your ice pick up just clipping oh look
at that guys I got us on all that you
girls are black let's get it real
further for the boys you know everyone
can hop in yeah yeah
who's going shotgun yeah bro I got you a
big game for you bro big day for you bro
I'm gonna link announcer all right
Uncle Dave oh thanks bro okay guys so we
are on route to go get food like I said
it's a big day race how you feeling
about your get strapped feeling good I'm
dropping my fingernails right now guys
dropping his fingernails this track is
dropping today nikan how do you feel
about I feel good honest I'm excited for
rice um he's been working hard the last
few days and you know it's just about
time to just get it up you know okay so
but that's not the word I'm looking for
you
guys not aware that you're looking for
is this music video is gonna be
absolutely insanity out of the gym I am
then all the women that come in and out
of Rice's room like he's raising the
bills and and chills in the house in the
hills now all right how do you feel I
feel I don't care Nick my man rice is
just banged a great conversation I'll
see you guys at the sushi place good
work guys twice let me try and listen
not nunu yeah keep that on a low look
you get caught snitching it's a dummy
I live in a mansion so I'm looking at
the menu guys this shit crazy but one
thing like I'm having a little bit of
trouble around is that I literally don't
know like what race is the good rice
because they have fish and then they
have dish so it's kind of craziness so
I'm gonna figure it out and I'll let you
guys know I'm a graphic design
standpoint men you get to 3 out of 10
not really impressed I literally feel it
every single restaurant shit up a
picture they should especially if
they're like ethnic restaurants I mean
some people come here look off yeah
anything what's happening could be any
all work all ethnic we always won so I
don't know why you're bringing this
nonsense
thought that uh we're saying some racist
Chinese words earlier what I mean my my
life yeah yeah my busy phrase oh she's a
racist no
having a population look here the next
video guys versus girls guessed their
gender Braille inappropriately 17 ain't
guardin econ friggin applied through the
to Saladin a challenge this is crazy bro
beautycon acidity besting off all man
salad and soup off prompt soup
all-you-can-eat challenge give me a
thumbnail no but it's not you do that
I'm not a salad a soup guy candy that
out it is absolutely insanity so guys my
shrimp tempura roll came out and my
girls came out and tell us how you do it
the presentation here is insane came out
for the Queen sex the queen crab was
that McQueen crab can someone explain to
me why my sushi hasn't came out yet like
everyone is no Wolfie sushis out Nick's
ooh she's out to sushi thousand this is
not insane this is this is complete
Oh see I walk from this try that that's
lit road crazy that could give me a
super hot rod
that's insane this is my submission for
the doorbell just rang this the door is
it you think it is I mean they're the
only kids that would like bring a
doorbell
no boys a house tour going on right now
every time you come to the house when
there's a new guest in the house they
need a tour and now we're going to banks
his room and you know what that means
London you're all right but I really
like Paris and who I like even more
damn cameras in here get out nice to
meet you yeah
London your old parents come here come
to Papa flick not banks it's me it's
your uncle it's your uncle yeah my baby
first listening party guys deal what do
you guys think about this tracks in
we're gonna be first listening this is
insane
this is insanity 10k the your story you
think about me every night
she's definitely white you might as well
be Asian because you're obsessed with
rice okay thanks
or just lucky you got this far in life
without shooting up a school
he's still right in line banger link in
description rice doesn't need it's gonna
get a billion views congratulations
ridiculous song guys guys I quit YouTube
I'm over it and I don't care what you
took anymore what
yes um he wants me yeah yeah follow me
snake Alyssa doesn't follow me guys
she hates me ah yeah what's your video
what's your video at 600 K in five
minutes alright guys I'm off everyone
spam common on rice gums video say yo
that's crazy bro everyone spam Alyssa's
comment saying y'all follow me because I
like what's going on Alyssa so this is
chicken rice and bacon I'm bacon with
love and shit but like it's my special
edition special dish so guys I have high
expectations I just gotta cut skin feed
haven't gonna skin fade in a while but
you know peep this people haircut
ridiculous shut out short cut
they always kill it and now race is up
yo race what are you getting skin feed
I'm gonna play it in a mohawk in
celebration of the diss track that just
dropped yeah yeah yeah bring it in bring
it in bring it in yeah cut the vlog cut
one are you one of them all now guys
nikan is officially gonna ditch me he's
gonna go to the mall without me because
I took yeah I told you I was like I'm
gonna be five minutes I'm down away
five minute don't want to come my
haircut take five no it didn't Jordan
what happens on the next scene in the
vlog you're gone and I'm here alright
guys you heard the man thank god those
guys downstairs taken any time so we
have time to eat real quick and then go
take over the Grove The Grove is over
y'all have been wondering how I've been
losing so much weight the past month
just lots of bacon lots of rice and lots
of chicken gains good yeah keep putting
it on econ you got to hold the ball when
you do that in yo first of five first of
five any come with a 100 I remember when
I use backwards Oh
Oh get out of here consistency Oh best
basketball player on YouTube so now is
the time when sway starts to sweat in
about five minutes I'm playing a game it
reminded me of you and a fifty Oh
supreme for me I spell William oh I'll
take that John just gave me why did you
supreme money this will retard yo that's
a free money what's the score game over
alright so we are headed to the Grove
now you guys know the Grove hashtag the
Grove is over we're calling over right
now we are bringing Vince the security
guard because oh yeah yeah Vince is
coming so it's about to be let's go
rolling deep rolling deep rolling deep
rolling guys are having a cute little
mandate all the mandem are out at the
Grove tonight when we're at the Grove
row we like to look especially when
we're with the nelq boys Jorge Henin
Jorge for you guys we're looking for
George Henning how fast until we get
kicked out of the Grove is the question
George Kennan I need to cut wait guys I
just leaned on this thing the whole
thing is all over oh my god
not today not today
yeah those sleeves long enough for
though Nam getting ready from winter
yeah you want some you want some hoodie
with those sleeves look at how look at I
have to get my hands up it would not be
a night at the Grove if I did not get
some ice cream so I think I'm gonna get
like this Sunday there's this strawberry
Oreo dream which has like cookies and
cream ice cream I love that strawberry
drizzle I hate that topped with whipped
cream and chocolate drizzle I know I
want to die guys but at the end of the
day sometimes you got to treat yourself
for sometimes it's just hey you did you
just go to do it like I'm thinking the
same thing I'm like what you just got to
do it go to it except the strawberry
drizzle I'm not getting cuz I I don't
know if you guys know this I don't like
strawberries don't like strawberry milk
I don't like anything strawberry so I'm
gonna cancel that and it's all gonna be
Oreo and chocolate I'm aged I played
myself I got the ice cream and then tio
and rice come come around the corner
they're like no there's a better ice
cream spot around the corner so they're
going to a better ice-cream spot I'm
stuck here is making my stuff as we
speak and I'm trash talking about inside
his homework but I'm gonna pay for it
cuz I'm a good sport and just hopefully
it's good you know that we could just
you could just did
I got a paper heck out of paper ahead so
I literally stepped out of the shower
like two seconds ago and I step out a
bunch of guys screaming my room I'm like
yeah what the hell's going on obviously
the nelq boys want to play me and pong
even though we beat them back in Ottawa
they're like nah okay we need to do it
I'm like Americans stopping guns so
apparently right now he's challenging us
skull you guys are not good at fun all
right here we go around - I had to come
out of the shower for this ready hey let
me spank these kids here okay are you
ready you want to spank you then beer
pong
cuz I've never lost it's so late it's
like 1:00 a.m. I should be asleep right
now but the city never sleeps out here
right Charlie in full effect
oh you ready boys this is easy that's
the winner right here
we won Game one water pong so a bit of
bad news guys me and Ryan actually got
kicked off the table because we won too
many games in a row I think I was like
four or five games you need mouth yeah
it was crazy
banks are mad so now he's up doing some
crazy now we're gonna see if we can make
up my age thanks I beat you three times
when I stopped dancing
oh this lost
ibu I'm on a five game win streak alas
and always flops
all right well fam another very
jam-packed day it was insane how much
went down today in the vlog but it was
super exciting and you already know what
that means we're gonna follow it up with
another banger vlog tomorrow so if you
guys are liking these vlogs go down
smash that like button
let's hit thirty five thousand likes on
this vlog for absolutely no reason
actually because we're super lit and I
just want to know if you guys actually
made it to the very end of vlog we just
posted up by the fireplace for like an
hour two hours we were chilling everyone
was catching up it was good vibes so
tomorrow the vibe should be insanity
comment down below rainbow if you made
it to the very end of the vlog and I
will be commenting back to a shitload of
you guys and I will see you guys soon I
love you so much wolf bam thank you for
supporting me every single damn thing
but I'll see you guys soon on more wolf
where we stay a little bit more savage
dimension and as always stay Salvage
Lego peace
