nah okay I'll give it to you but just
don't you wish this is love all right
good morning a yo what's good it's your
boy Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie
guys I've been in LA for so damn long
but I honestly feel like I haven't done
the basics like I haven't done the
tourist attractions I haven't even been
a Universal haven't been to Six Flags I
haven't done like everything that you're
supposed to do when you go to LA I
haven't done so today we are gonna do
something pretty fun obviously before we
start the vlog off guys to go down and
smash that like button let's hit 35,000
likes with your nose hurry up hit the
like button if you haven't already why
all right guys we're starting the day
off bad I think we're locked out of the
room already the door was messed up for
like the past couple of days but just
yesterday are like the day before it got
fixed and now we are officially locked
out of the room this is still not
cleaned up I gotta clean that up is it
actually locked no no no pull it up
luckily life hack sometimes you just
gotta go to races room I think I locked
the outside to rope no no this is a bad
day so we're going outside this is the
moment of truth oh we're laughing we're
good right we're good we're good we're
good we're good we're good we're good
anyways like I was saying the room is an
absolute mess but because we have not
done the typical Hollywood stuff me
banks and I think a few other people
Swayze baby are all gonna go yeah yeah
it wasn't on the room you snake we're
gonna go on a Hollywood tour for those
of you who do not live in LA and don't
know what these Hollywood tours are
don't know what like Hollywood fix is
basically there's a bunch of tourist
attractions that you can do when you
come to LA in Hollywood to be specific
one of those gives you like a view of
like all the cool areas it'll take you
like everywhere in the city that you
need to go to see like doh views and
everything like
that on a huge bus like a double-decker
bus but there's another one which is
like the TMZ tour which pretty much goes
to like celebrity sightings like places
like locations where celebrities are
always hanging out are always spotted
and hopefully we are gonna catch some
sub cool celebrities on camera Keaney
it's gonna be really great guys this is
gonna be like a boys boys date we're
probably gonna troll on the bus because
we don't really you don't really care
too much about this but I mean why not
do it because we're still in LA we might
as well help bang out the things that we
haven't done can you please put on pants
holy guys I hope you guys are having a
basic day let's start off the day let's
get it before we go guys I think who she
wants something what do you want bro I
need to pick up every can of peanut
butter in a five-mile radius so you know
more I got to my words had to treat my
boys with the uber XL this is how he's
going with the trolls today yo you okay
you know what we're doing
what no really like I was trying to
figure out you said something about have
you ever been on those tours looks like
Hollywood tours we're going on the tour
there's no one on a tour we're going on
a tour guys I'm telling you we literally
see them drive all the time and I'm
always like Kay that's like it's kind of
weird how they're literally like wow
yeah it's very whack but we have to go
at roll them and maybe maybe we'll see
someone like I don't know maybe we'll
see rice or some shit today it could be
a big day for us Justin is obviously who
I'd want to see rather than that who do
you care about Drake doesn't live here
all right Julia Kelly guys this is gonna
be me on the Hollywood tour today this
is what I'm gonna be looking like
tourists you guys look at
if we're gonna be going on this
celebrity tour tourist attraction
everything you know we have to cop like
the typical merch like look at this
merch
this is not my merch by any means so I
can't endorse it but like you guys know
this this type of the stuff I love LA
if we're going on a celebrity tour we're
conference um I love LA shirt I'm gonna
get hearts on it I'm gonna get me one
I'm gonna get all the boys one you guys
have like just big big like shirts plain
white ones that just say I love LA on
them
he's mad he does not love Italy he hates
LA he hates so on that note guys we're
gonna have to search ourself and
hopefully we can find something I feel
people don't like bloggers right brother
they hate look it's everybody in LA
see though that guy was mad we're gonna
find a shirt eggs oh I love LA it's a
car guys when you're riding at TMZ bus
you want them to take you serious so
they have to think that you actually do
this my camera plays half the part
because my camera is actually stacked
but when you have a hat that says you
are director of photography and you have
the shirt then we're gonna kill it
together I'm excited for this guys guys
say goodbye to the Gucci shirt it's in
the bag we're not flexing anymore
welcome to casting director Wolfie let's
take some pictures I can't see I cannot
see guys this is insane right anybody
gonna make a green road it would have to
in your store
this is how it anyway
the next tour is in like 12 minutes 50
bucks
I'm in Miami all these celebrities do we
get to see what if we just like want to
get off the bus and they won't let us
I'm really excited when it gets closer
to like our we'll figure it out one way
yeah I see the bus I can figure it out
we'll get it pretty sure of this when we
go on it here you go Ryan I'm a VIP oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah VIP for banks take
this oh yeah all right guys let's start
this tour I'm very excited I've never
been in LA and Hollywood's gonna be
crazy it's already crazy kids are
jumping around I don't even know what's
going on anymore
here we go so the tour begins you know
you're good at your outfit oh I'm good
with my outfit I like your shirt all
right guys so the tour is about to begin
hopefully we see Justin let me get my
glasses on though
we're good oh we gotta get off this we
gotta get
so this is a game turning right now guys
if anything goes down we cannot be on
this thing for over two hours even half
an hour so I know you guys okay we're
gonna have to go with it you're not
allowed not talking to you kind of money
to the school actually the auditorium
after him no we're not talking about did
you hear about the markets whether
somebody's would be like to see what the
actual Justin Bieber three o'clock
it's really YouTube do we have to wait
oh my god okay so you want to see good
guys I can't believe you did I did not
expect him to do that that was crazy but
that is called patrolling TMZ TMZ bus
we're in the middle of like we gotta
find great charge henan guys if you
happen to be somewhere right here
somewhere in LA what's really on Sunset
maybe I'm gonna leave glasses here
because they honestly that broke my eyes
I bought them today they're right under
the used crosswalk and this guy sign
I promise they are 100% legit they just
like because I don't have prescription
glasses or barely a prescription at all
they completely fuck my vision up I'm
just gonna leave them there if a fan
wolf Pam if you guys are savage enough
to come get them I mean pretty much
you're here here here then this Plaza
behind it get them and send me a pic
I'll follow you immediately because
that's hilarious we got the next online
tour alert so guys we spotted some fans
and the craziest house on the hills with
like eight floors that's fine shower huh
yeah besides I hope they're spying on us
though they're all look cool right there
look at this they're probably gonna see
this but look at how dope did like these
housing is right up this like giant Hill
House on the hill with a billboard right
next to it
get your own face on the Billboard has
goals oh shoot what whit is back he made
that to jumping off the bus oh my god
you're like no it was a pretty brutal
actually I got so many haunts on the
street so you can tell that I'm missing
what are you talking to yeah so you guys
can tell them I'm missing Ottawa
yo whew obviously you get some food I
ordered drama I ordered this warmer
kofte guys I ordered some middle-eastern
food because I'm missing Ottawa guys I'm
freaking Bozek I haven't been there so
long today was the Canadian Thanksgiving
we have a different Thanksgiving that
America because we're just thankful for
different days but no seriously like all
my family and my dogs and everyone all
had dinner and everything at home and
there was Turkey and everything and Here
I am just sitting alone in the hallway
trying to order my food so basically I'm
waiting on this chicken shawarma to come
and I'll show you it because you guys
have seen in the vlogs before there's a
place called schwarmann palace near my
house they didn't pay me to say this but
just know that they make like the most
bombs warmers ever and if you don't know
what a shawarma is it's basically like a
PITA you get some chicken you get some
hummus to get some garlic you get some
Tomatoes if you want them turn ups if
you want them lettuce etc etc pickles
and I honestly don't think the one I
order
is gonna be really good but what yeah
turn out it's a pickles
looks like we're turning up with some
pickles but no I'm irate this swarm up
on a scale of one to ten I think it's
gonna be a three it could be a four
probably gonna be a one warmer are you
kidding it's like I don't like a Peter
rap it's like a Arabs food you really
don't know what it is this is why we
need to educate the Americans guys
they've never even heard of a swarm I'll
give you a bite when it comes to I'm not
gonna get from you buddy
but I'll let you guys know how it is so
the shawarma just arrived guys and this
is what I have to look into there is
something that seems like a burger don't
know what the hell this is cuz this is
definitely not in the shape of a
shawarma but we will know what is that
don't know I don't know if this is a
shawarma no please tell me that this is
the storm and that's the kepta and the
captives like this chicken stuff which
is amazing okay this looks like more
like a pita wrap just gonna have the
first taste really didn't have an option
because like I'm kind of uh I'm kind of
a picky eater on what I like to eat I
don't like too many things but it didn't
even give me like the option to see
what's in it or take stuff out of it so
gotta love that is so worst case
tomatoes are in it and then AB that way
there's no taste test
we don't hear thinking about the flavors
too long ah we put so much hummus in
that won't gonna help I feel I'm gonna
breathe garlic for the next ten months
to put it that way but I mean it wasn't
like I'm sticking to Autobot
here shooting the music video erase come
this is hilarious they got a Maybach
guys two hundred thousand for that car
yeah great content cop this video is
gonna be insane
of course you guys already know it it is
anyway it's moving on day two meeting up
with David and going to get food fit
look what the cat dragged in good okay
okay so they're missing a person Joe
Ryan is it true you can't spell LA
without your polls don't report yeah we
just need now we need to figure out what
to do on this beautiful lovely la day
guys I feel like we're running out of
stuff to do I'm just watching run into
trees and let's go get coffee and figure
it out
you guys already know how to do it for
all my basic girls oh that's all the
girls who get the PSLs you don't know
what a PSL is to played yourself you
know PSL is and I'll give you a hint
it's not Pretty Little Liars we're in
the S come from Anna I don't know
liars it's a lots a pumping down
yo do you know the PSL is quick come on
white guys a lot of my DMS get out of
here with your friggin keep that green
keep wrapping a tang weird alright guys
so Ryan and David brought me into urban
outfitters sadly Battle of me being such
a big person nothing fits me in here so
now it's just a waiting game but at
least I look swaggy and my wolf you're a
virtual for your app stock ami huh you
know what it is very very patient my
wolf em if you guys have been waiting on
the merge I know I've been saying it's
dropping and dropping and dropping but
it's gonna be out probably within the
next week if not two weeks maximum just
because we had to get some stuff figured
out behind the scenes again there was a
lot bought so we had to figure out how
much inventory we needed in everything
and it was taking way too long to ship
out to people that was pissing me off so
I had to get that under wraps but just
know everything is working out and
everything is gonna be figured out very
soon right - yup we're even talking
about my merch do you have approved you
know did it fit did it feel good though
20:18 they're gonna make everyone have a
bag like this so when you come into
events they can see exactly what's going
on and then this one reflects the Sun
back at itself yeah this one's actually
wavy take
yeah that's a good good trade right
there bro oh oh oh TD jeez I need to get
myself some no-show socks though these
are awful so guys we just found the
graphic tee section we didn't know these
existed here in Ryan it's returning a
shirt just because you bought a new one
this guy's literally save your money God
Brian the shirt cost five bucks you're
returning it this guy's returning oh my
God he's actually gonna buy sunglasses
too now those are to buy I put those
down too much too much money too much
money what'd you say I don't know what
are you talking about he said I like the
classic piece I don't know you tell me
save your money please guys this is not
an act he actually does Brian is the
king of saving your money but
surprisingly today I don't even want to
buy anything I just want to hang out
with my friend Dave's in town you know
me and him haven't bonded in a while we
need to make a troll video or something
and just get lost in life and you
collect butyl ism now I'll flip it so
guys T wa'n't found me this first piece
of gear which is though this is logics
got the coca-cola logic right here it's
fresh this is the box like you I've
tried it on I was like oh that's
actually kind of hard we don't have a
coin to flip I'm gonna flip my wallet if
it lands on the soup Pama get it if it
lands on the ream I'm not gonna get it
and I'm just gonna flip it just like
that and it landed on the ream but that
was the demo so here we go
you have to car you have to call
spongebob fish throw the kid this well
why they see spongebob
oh yeah there's too many memes of my
head Arthur face
Arthur face I'm getting it you know if
you guys have seen my snapchat you have
to see a T wall practice guys lyrics
yeah you are she's a bad thing yeah fine
as hell oh my baby if you guys do not
know what he was singing this is what he
was saying yo Ryan it's free
easy all right guys so we just got back
to the house it's a little bit late
because we had to do a bunch of stuff as
soon as we got back here we had to be
productive I know all fun and games I
couldn't vlog it but I was just out in
the hall and I heard T whap editing
something because I think he's like
helping edit with the rice come new
music video coming out tomorrow you guys
don't know well basically you know the
content caught brat because that already
dropped he dropped a snippet of it but T
WAP has the whole song so T WAP is
literally out right behind that door and
he has the whole song and nobody really
has heard the song other than rice and
officially T wall but I don't even know
if he's played the whole song through
because he's pretty much just editing it
as he goes on because I know that's how
he edits I don't know what the hell is
doing back here but Ryan's sleep on the
bed his legs are passed out and he was
doing some sort of like split acrobatic
aerobic exercise he's weird
so I don't know if he's gonna be in on
this prank cuz this sleep early but
right wake the hell up wait that love
bro I need your help we need to kidnap
you up we need to kidnap to you up he's
editing rice comes music video he has a
full track we haven't heard the full
track so guys wish me luck smash the
like button here we go hopefully I can
get you guys the track I'm gonna try and
leak it early because I'm a savage I
really care let's go see what T was
saying I'm just gonna tell him to come
in here I'm not I'm gonna try it too
hard yes t walk what do you say
I are like how far along are you in the
vid okay this guy's already got on the
screen a lie there's a full song there
yeah I'm gonna show you a preview not
the show me a little preview because
it's gonna be a little preview I don't
want to see too much because you know
the wolf am only deserves to see too
much
there's a preview thing this is hard
okay okay okay okay
I don't wanna kidnap you you can jump
out the window if you want nice just
wants us told us himself he's like um
Wolfie Twizy but nice to me just throw
us the whole track this is not okay I'll
give it to you but just dumps with the
live lugs alright okay that's the blog
would be off cameras off cake yeah I'll
see you guys in a bit weird camera ISO
frenzy I don't know how we work all
right
like I'll give you the exclusive
producer last one this song is so good
honestly I think it's one of his best
diss tracks all right this is crazy
thank you for not like recording you out
beauty fight just that light is a bag
okay bless thank you for showing us a
track and I recorded the whole thing
chill chill chill chill I know right
it's all good bill you're relaxed relax
let's go you can go edit the video it's
writing it's one line bro it's one line
right folding I know I know I won't say
anything
we won't say anything pie flu yeah just
a fuckin alright let's go and I'm gonna
get fired
alright yeah good yeah we good to see
you bro allow me to create guy anyways
guys that was crazy
I honestly don't know if that is gonna
be like actual verse or stuff cuz I know
there's like a bunch of extra bars there
ice cream has for the track that I don't
know if they're gonna make the cut or if
he'll switch them off in the music video
I know he rapped like multiple different
takes of like certain parts of the song
so those could be unreleased lyrics that
don't actually make it in I do not know
the only way I'm gonna know is tomorrow
- I might change them on me now that
dragon I leaked them to the world but it
is where these guys I gotta do what I
gotta do for the wolf fam gotta give you
guys like a sneak peek because you know
now I'm in the cloud house got a guy get
something hopefully your iscope doesn't
kill me for that though hopefully just
kills your eyes yeah I go back to my go
to back anyways guys I think I'm gonna
head to bed right now because we have a
busy few days ahead of us I might might
okay I cannot guarantee this but I might
be going back to Ottawa in the next few
days then I'm probably coming back but I
need to go home just to figure a bunch
of stuff out I've been in LA for like
almost a month now I only booked the
trip for like a week and a bit and ended
up staying this long so there is stuff
happening over here obviously that's why
I've been here for so long but I just
need to make sure a lot of things are
going well
at home because you know I've been an
auto on my whole freakin life so it just
up and leave like that so if you guys
enjoyed this vlog and if you want more
sneak previews of stuff like that smash
the like one let's hit thirty five
thousand likes on this video comment
down below orange hoodie if you made it
to the very end of the vlog because I
love this friggin orange hoodie and if
you guys love it I will show mad love to
you guys in the comment section down
below
only the people that actually made it to
the very end of the vlog because you
guys are the real MVP is if you skip
through I don't like you watch the whole
video you're alright okay you're decent
you still click on the video so you're
cool but you're not as cool as the
people that watch the whole video and I
will see you guys soon are more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
in my main channel and as always stay
Savage
give them a go let go
