good morning hey yo what's good werewolf
e welcome back to more Wolfie guys
before we even begin the vlog I need you
guys to go down and smash that like
button right now you got 5 seconds to do
it
today we're just gonna do it with your
thumb okay hit it with your thumb right
now go go go 5 4 3 2 1 okay blessed
today is not the morning time in LA even
though it is still obviously very
beautiful outside you can see my
reflection everyone has thought this is
a real zipper on my shirt but it trips
people out because the babe crazy but I
am not gonna lie last night I went to
bed feeling sick woke up feeling like
this morning like I felt so so it pretty
much took me all day to get in the zone
when I filmed a main Channel video
editor a few things now I'm just
uploading my vlog but as soon as this is
done we're going in the car because
Nikon wants to do a carpool karaoke it's
gonna be dope I like rap songs I think
he's gonna be playing rap so I hope you
guys are ready for another dope vlog
even though it's more late in the day
there's still some Sun up so let's get
it so right now we're on route to do
this carpool karaoke got me Nick's in
this Sean Sean we're gonna be rapping is
it gonna be I'll let you like rap music
that's all I know everything that we
like and you guys know we all remember
at Disney song and we all just get lit
to it like let's just me down to biz I
read that song to defeat the huns okay
they said you never seen that movie move
on so we just finished filming that
carpool karaoke video it went really
well we're back at the crib now Ryan's
working out oh yo show them your new
time oh you guys trying to check it out
guys peep the fat
alex is insane in love in love with it
bro yeah it's right
right now I need to give it tot guys
smash like one I'll get it I know I'm
your whole body I know okay I'll pop you
all what does the end do just this right
here ad who these guys now we're just
chilling I might get a workout in but I
was feeling kind of sick last night so
I'm probably not gonna get a workout in
but I'll watch them work out it's gonna
be crazy
what the hell right now guys we're on
route back to the house we just went to
go get wings and I can only eat like the
past two days I got I'm not gonna lie
this is like two days after the footage
you just saw I've been like pretty damn
sick and like I've been wearing hoodies
all the time just to like try and beat
it going in the steam room and
everything but today enough is enough
I'm trying to get out of that house
whether it's one of the store to go get
medication to help me get better or just
go shopping for something or there'll be
retail therapy whatever it is I felt I
was going crazy staying in the house for
like two days straight
so today's gonna be a fun and exciting
vlog so I feel like button and hopefully
my sickness will be gone tomorrow
because honestly guys I feel like I hope
you guys don't feel like
deepest view ever seen in our lives
me and Ryan I had distort what just like
you're on a roller coaster you know me
and Ryan are headed out to have a Mandy
because no one's doing anything right at
the house right now
I know rice is like working on a video
because obviously loop Daniel oh yeah
you did something
it's a bang - bang it no no no chapter
back up back up back up back up
he's coming for it he's coming for he's
I said back up anyways this guy this guy
was gonna have to move so we're going to
the store because banks is taking care
of his puppy Paris you guys know Paris
something happened to Paris so Paris had
to go to the vet rice is obviously
handling some business here the track
what nothing I'm not gonna say anything
it's I'm not gonna say anything guys
let's fire yeah yeah don't say anything
guys this is one over driver is trying
to cut us off you lift look but yeah
there's a lot of stuff going on right
now but it just means I have to tell
them about your items thing you're
choosing me it just means that I gotta
come out of the house for now and just
like not be still for two seconds what
you know we're doing a reaction to the
idubbbz video tonight oh I thought you
said you're in it well the content cop
that you want to do on race but then
items to the first
anyways guys what did I tell you we come
back issues trying on shoes which
enrolled on bread 11th baby odor bread
Elevens I know all my fans are each to
those shoes oh it's a cop now we secured
the bag I'm just going on like a nice
walk
beautiful day out in LA on Melrose still
feeling sick AF so we're probably enough
to find like a convenience store because
I'm gonna need some medication if I want
to live tonight but we'll see where the
night takes us guys I'm looking forward
to I think we're gonna turn up we might
not turn up the day is still young so
hopefully it's gonna be a litlle this is
what I'm talking about guys nice date
with me and Ryan in the friggin
medication section of CVS because I
can't sleep with other stuff Z's the
only reason I'm buying this brand is
because I've seen it on every single
commercial since I was born so marketing
it'll get you yeah do you know it
obviously stomach diarrhea you came in
late what's the first word in it um
something heartburn indigestion upset
stomach diarrhea pepto-bismol Oh harm
aged where is it
okay I got it I got I got I so guys I
use not only did the girl in the store
know who this logo the loose change logo
because their nine-year-old daughter
watches the vids shout out to banks but
a few other people just like walking
down the street randomly they're like a
loose change
so this brand is taking over but you
know what else taking over wolf your
apps merch bull for your apps calm okay
guys so it is finally that time of the
night we just got back I showered I
cleaned up we were thinking about going
out but your boys too sick to go out
still so I'm taking the night off but I
still dressed up fresh like I got a polo
under my under my loose change pity it's
kind of lit Ryan's falling asleep on me
right now
oh we got drunk Ryan on the camera and
we are gonna be we're gonna be reacting
to Asian Jake Paul I told you guys we
would do it the problem with this song
I've heard a bit of it I've heard bits
and pieces of it it's been really hard
to like hold off the whole song but like
I said rice is right there okay he's not
there right now because he's working on
some behind-the-scenes stuff which I
can't say anything about but just know
this is gonna be some crazy prom for the
next couple of days so why didn't you
drop it what I don't get it what you
wrote the rice this track why'd you that
items do it what if I want to drop those
lyrics I wanna have you have your own
what you had your own race this track
and you didn't drop it yeah items v2 I
love anything is so smashed like what
guys I'm gonna try and go from an
unbiased standpoint even though I love
rice Eva and me even though my dogs have
had my pack well you wrote a diss track
on rice so don't be switching sides and
shit bro pick one like alright I'm team
rice so then why are you reading this
track on him I never wrote this yeah go
no it's good
so here we go let us react to this song
ten million views I mean what the hell
oh it's a jiseok did no it's not okay
yeah so please don't age restrict me I'm
gonna try and bleep up this where it's
on this
got HP in it already
yes it's really okay got a just take
this bro holy Sh I can't handle this hi
doves is the only I say is the only
youtuber that kid like get away with
saying this I have nothing against the
only one but it's just a mod thing when
I got it restricted for selling 100
pieces of going around but that's none
of my business anyways okay Gabby
Shoukri Alexis pissing me off bro oh you
go back to the style
Ryan's roasting Rover trying to be
unbiased I know red hair with that shirt
and white pants come on bunny
come on hole I love idols but he needs
to cut that other yeah I do
the thing is this is tough for me cuz
like boy the violin I respect I tubs but
obviously I love rice I love I loves all
of the big but this is like this but
this is hard
hey my boy I like how it comes in with
the aim everyone's already come to think
of a rapper and then look at him like
he's not a rapper
whatever he is boy and a man he's boy in
a band he's not around you should leave
the band that's what you do Oh leave I
love
a little more mature here I love I love
idols but come on it's good sure some
you know you know all I gotta say it's
like yeah items is great but this is
gonna be a lot Oh
anyways this is like a nice boy like
that laughs a bangle and that's also a
bear lines okay his flow is bro I have
to stop like pausing it but like that's
not a black flow yeah that's like a only
like nice a Skrillex it's just a
different flow we are now in this not
cha cha cha cha anyways
has no chill change up the flow to the
ground-floor piece that's actually good
line hold up I do not want to heat I'm
not here to hate but where is this guy
looking when he's rapping
where is he looking though what do you
mean where is he looking what do you
mean where is he looking he's looking at
a script he's looking where he wants to
be I believe he's with how much time it
took them to drop his video he should
have memorized the lyrics bro that's all
I'm saying that's one criticism I have
no feeling at all no you're being weird
yeah okay
one question asked you bro did it feel
good though man that last line though
that was though that's just like
knockout of the knockout punch okay so
yeah I definitely like for obviously
someone who doesn't rap at all that
wasn't that had a ghostwriter yeah he
admitted that he had a ghostwriter
joking with Skrillex but no I dubs I
think he did a good job
yeah I really like the songs me on I
really think that he needs to be nervous
though
what's good to come oh yeah yeah but I
think you did a good job why don't you
tell them no I can't say anything I'm
just here I'm just a viewer guys I'm
just a viewer smash like button if you
enjoyed that smash like button if you
want a riot de-rated dis track I don't
know I'm boy in the bed you seem to have
a lot of issues in him no it just yeah
yeah he growing me towards the end when
he was rapping with that Weird Al
Yankovic whatever yeah yeah but yeah
honestly guys not bad but I still love
my boy rise to death he's my neighbor he
lives right there
yeah he's so he's coming hi guys support
the boyracer I've done this step back
like I'm just a viewer right yeah just
take in like I those great youtuber rice
great youtuber but like this is amazing
this is great content like this is
banger combo coming at each other I'm
always down to watch this stuff guys I'm
always down to react to this stuff yeah
cuz you know and I mean and when he
brought in PewDiePie I never thought
that what happened legit so that kind of
like blew me away a bit but I'm gonna
sing it one more time there's gonna be a
lot of stuff after this
so we're just gonna end on that note
guys I'll leave Ryan's link in the
description youtube.com slash Brian
sweet lazy babies no rhyme to him if
you're a girl you're over 19 years old
it's Lester strapped around the internet
guys we don't play around with it also
if you like my what's it called riser
smash the like button comment down below
whatever you want you have a dog smash
smash like but if your stomach hurts and
what you do to remedy it is drink
pepto-bismol feel free to smash the like
bowl if you like coke if you can breathe
it's Maddy like button if you liked my
sticky note prank on Silvia no one no
one knows what that is smash the like
button if you're a human being smash
like button if you drink water
feel free to smash it like one if you
can breathe air like that quick smash
the like button when you get headaches
you take Advil
smash that like one and I will see you
guys do a lot more Wolfie where we stay
a little bit more savage in my main
channel and as always hopefully I'm not
sick tomorrow so I can bang out another
awesome vlog I'll see you guys soon
I don't know mile chair anymore state's
average leggo
