but my whole opinion on it as a whole
was good morning hey yo what's good
we're wolfy welcome back to Marv wolfy
today is another beautiful early morning
in LA and we are doing something special
today today we are going to be firing
fire arms I don't really want to say a
certain word but we're gonna be
exploding some watermelons I might buy
some electronics so guys if you want to
see a lot of slow-mo explosions go down
and smash that like button super early
but we have to go to the desert super
early so we don't hit traffic on the way
home so I am excited for today's vlog
because I've never done this before
Ryan's coming he's never done this
before obviously art has probably done
this before and then a few of his
friends have done this before they're
all like the firearms owners and stuff
and they have their licenses I don't but
my dad was gonna take me back when I was
in Ottawa but because I'm not a lot
right now I guess we're just gonna have
to settle for doing it in the desert in
LA but peep outside right now obviously
beautiful day ridiculously sunny and
this car like military green Oz so we're
on route to the desert right now guys
these guys I don't know they're doing
they're like doing some shady over there
apparently the firearms are there I
don't know if this video is gonna get
demonetized or anything but hopefully it
doesn't cuz there's gonna be some cool
explosions today and obviously we're
taking all the safety precautions do do
not attempt this at home if you're not
add a something range if you don't have
someone with like a something license
what cuz if someone has a license you
can go with them as long as you follow
all the laws guys make sure to follow
the laws I would not be doing this if we
weren't following in laws but I am
nervous because I've never done this and
so I'm just gonna I'm just gonna I'm in
dangerous situation with Charlie yeah
just meet me at the airport hey I'm a
fly out here so yeah yeah you guys
shooting firearms you guys shoot
firearms imma play this hopefully it's
on please
guys now on the whole day your boys
gonna be wearing a safety goggles just
as precaution for the day we have two in
the bagel shop you know like a random
raisin could fly out and hit someone in
the face so just know guys I'm gonna be
safe for the day I'm taking all the
necessary precautions
quick little Mila before going to do
some crazy stuff guys I'm not really
craving a bagel but honestly I am kind
of craving a chocolate chip bagel so
let's see if Western bagel has got
chocolate chip and they only accept cash
or cheque and I don't have DJ's a hate
along
DJ how HD right now looking at this blog
row DJ is the desert god he loves
dessert so oh my god I need what the
heck I'm going to need to do anything I
got my breakfast let's get it guys you
know it's 2017 when Western bagel is
selling merch no no no no I mean guys
this is actually ridiculous like who
would buy a visor I cannot be wearing
any other merch so that is not wolf and
merch and that new wolf your ass merch
is dropping very very soon because we've
been sold out on the website forever but
I'm being like who would wear this so
just take it someone crazy to wear such
a thing
let's go shoot some guns alright guys so
literally it lives like four cars right
now we're just about to head to the
desert and honestly this is the first
time I'm probably gonna say this I feel
safest in arts car cuz apparently
everyone else is an absolute mod driver
so I'm just gonna stay in this one I'm
gonna stay right here in this one
so we just arrived at Walmart we are
gonna pick up some extra things to spray
out of the firearms I'm not gonna say
what they are I'm not gonna say anything
about that but it was like a 45-minute
ride and I actually felt pretty quick
because we listen to like Drake and like
all the classic bangers on the way up as
you guys can see this is a Walmart so I
feel at home in Canada because we have a
lot of those we don't have too many
targets
but we've been kicked out all the
targets in America and one thing guys I
actually played myself because we're
going to the desert and I don't even
think two thoughts about this I'm
wearing my blue nmds today these cost me
a lot of money and I'm gonna regret
doing it this is a before so I'll show
you guys a before picture and take a
good look at both feet imma make sure to
show you guys an after as soon as we
leave the desert because they're
probably gonna get trashed but we're
also gonna probably pick up some
watermelons and anything that we can
explode at this Walmart so watermelons
melons maybe some cans maybe some
shaving cream all the crazy stuff yeah
all the crazy stuff that would look good
in slow-motion we're gonna cop it and
just I got to do this for rice and
Fraser I can't do that in the store
though and guys we could not go without
this obviously so I'm gonna throw that
in the cart and let's keep it moving I
also found these huge balls it would
look really good if we explode them yeah
I'm trying to vlog I'm trying to vlog
you understand too comfortable asking
for those these are too comfortable
asking for bullets really easy there's a
tool comfortable asking for bullets holy
so guys they don't know I'm gonna get
this but I'm a little shook about the
real gun so just in case everything
falls through I got this thing it's a
big big shock mega yo-yo make sure we're
stocked up on that day
yeah I'm sure just me make sure you make
sure we got a lot of you
you know we don't need to do guns it we
can just everyone just Joey can you can
just do the guns we have to wait for
something to come I'm getting arrested
in one night oh my god
this is madness I didn't expect to get
this but I mean we got a we got a whole
cart and they might shoot the pizza too
if I'm not sure I'm shooting the pizza
we're gonna need a bigger boat
it's a lot of money just to blow it up
tonight I need a piss tell the camera
about how you're supposed to be gone and
home by 3:00 o'clock yeah it's exactly
4:00
yeah and we were supposed we were
supposed to be on the way home as of 30
minutes ago so we're not even there yet
we haven't even shot Dyan the higher I
end up at you oh yeah Vera and I
what is head 3 liar I die right you know
Hollywood fix Hollywood fix Hollywood
fix how does it feel to be caught on
your diet the lady gave me that she
couldn't finish it what about that a
table in the park guys we're literally
going there's tumbleweeds on the side of
the road what is going we're making it
into a path see that's what the big cars
go fry God all right well I'll let you
guys know when we get there he is
burning away from us where you can
barely see we got a Range Rover Evoque
this wasn't meant to be
how do you get out he was just stuck oh
now he's stuck oh my God look at his
wheel look at
oh no no no no no no no no no did we
bring a tote I have to go to driving
motorboat can you bring a tow okay
luckily actually art is good with this
let's go what is he saying
there was like regular desert path that
was flat and they're like nah nah nah
let's go through all the tumbleweeds and
we're backing into Thomas on oh yeah two
people left I got stuck again guys one
more time being stuck this guy skirted
off in the distance we're trying to
follow him and like literally we're in
the middle of the desert and they are
stuck one more it's actually oh I think
we're good we're good we're good
ash thanks art cannot drive these
facetiming and driving in the middle of
desert focus on the road can't drive
focus on the road rough this is anything
like Romans Derby is gonna be I'm out
I'm out cancel me see he's big enough
shooting his Jackrabbit I'm Dane about
my safety guys I'm quitting yeah get the
guys they left us they let that dog get
what see dog Wolfie out of Roma now it's
Derby
again like I said guys do not attempt
this if you don't have your gun license
there is someone who's a trained
professional we're out in the desert we
got nothing but literally shrubs for
miles and miles and miles almost broke
the car in the process but Ryan's
already cutting Ryan's trying to cut
we're all getting earmuffs in now so
that we don't get deaf and then we are
gonna get started exploding some of
these options guys look at all this
stuff I block come on
October so you know how it means coming
up we got exploding pumpkins and
watermelons geez oh my god that's loud
that's loud
alright guys now I'm gonna try and throw
the football
this guy's got a disgusting shot so
let's see if he can hit it the safety
was on one more time
I just shot the Glock and I shot the air
I think to hold on to it tight just got
the feeling of it is going off he's
aiming for Minnie Mouse I don't think
never put your finger in the trigger
I tried hitting the pumpkin I didn't hit
the pumpkin you didn't even aim I know I
know scope it was a no such thing he's
gonna teach me how to use a shotgun I'm
scared but no lo this isn't just any
ordinary shotgun eat it then shoot it
this guy wants cheese balls Oh
close it up let's get it I want to see
the explosion yes
in a bullet
come on these deadly so I can't shoot a
bullet but we got this big red ball I
think I can hit this let's see I got it
one ball down in your head top one more
bullet throw these guys have some crazy
guns like in sage holy
that was insane I got a snake guys you
already know we brought this out here
and he's gonna tell you we're gonna make
it spin does a John make a fidget
spinner spin that is the question that
is the question
- this guy's videos were harmed in this
video let me see let me see
oh he shot it out no hey yo one more
toss it
you're almost shoot that out with the
Glock don't shoot the clock in the air
Chuck I swear to God it was far more
like right here so I can shoot it
again I think I guess we'll see the
damage this guy hit it twice if you
shout out two in a row did he hit it out
same day that's right I hate it make it
spin faster okay alright guys so it is
dark AF what we just finished Slyke
shooting those targets over there it was
insane never done that before it was
like I don't even know exhilarating to
do but scary at the same time because
those things have so much damn power but
now the boys are just finishing packing
everything up and cleaning everything up
because we made a bit of a mess here
we're trying to tidy it up a bit and
then we are headed out there's a lot of
stuff on that table there's a lot of
stuff over there that they're cleaning
up I don't know what to say mod this
obviously after going off-roading and
stuff you got to clean the car so we're
doing that right now guys this is the
after who are so each of my shoes right
shoes yo cha cha cha cha we're done
shooting guns for the day bro we're done
super dust here
no the car watching a car in general
watch this part 20 times a day plug in
with guys before and after feet the
shoes
this is after this is the four of my
shoes guys there's a big difference I
might give him a one-two spray down here
you lightly spray over in this area
oh shit
let's get it no what are you doing room
you didn't pay the sauce it is diet is
gonna get sausages you're on a diet
you're on a diet I don't need that
that's not having no nice that's gonna
be no movies no I'm not using guys a
thumbnail we have 12 minutes to watch
this car no sushi do do a quick action
you're always coming over to the house
coming to do all this crazy honestly
like washing my car and you all be
asking me to do some sort of accent
however he's a legend guys jake foushee
are denoted a solemn online ridiculous
this i got tacos let's go use this for
art all right yeah give it to him let
him eat it then eat it then have it all
eat it eat it
hell naw let him eat he doesn't wanna he
doesn't want it I'll just throw it out
then that's better
throw it out throw it out
so we're no
you don't even know your channel name
yeah what is 8 1 cookie haven't you know
they gave me the cookie I ate one and
I'm supporting locals you don't live
here bro
DIY rainbow car eating food so you guys
know after a long day of messing around
at the car wash and everything after my
feet were freezing from getting art to
spray my feet to clean them I really
still do need to clean these shoes cuz
they're disgusting but I'll do that
another time I need a shower but before
I need a shower I think I'm coming up
with like a cold or something I have a
cough so I'm gonna hop in the steam room
one of the benefits of this house and
sweat it off for like 20 minutes see if
that helps so let's get it alright guys
so I finished my freakin steam room
session and I thought I was just gonna
be able to go downstairs shower it after
but the past hour and a half I just been
locked up I don't even think I'm gonna
do YouTube it anymore guys I think I'm
just gonna go full in the camera work
because I was just filming for Lele pons
you guys know who that is Alyssa and
banks were like spare time I didn't even
have a shirt on because I literally just
had my towel but like I walk out of the
room and lately and banks and Alyssa
like yo Wolfie can you film I was like
what the hell of course I want to see
how this like Instagram skate goes down
anyways because you know I'm a youtuber
I need to open my eyes to these other
realms of social media you know like
these quick little Instagram skits I was
like yeah I'm down to film didn't think
it was gonna take so long it actually
took a while it's all about practice
guys sometimes you need to practice in
different realms that you're not
familiar in it was weird holding like a
little phone instead of this giant
camera that I have in front of me guys
cuz I can like zoom in and do all this
weird stuff with it but it was pretty
cool and I made sure to plug obviously
so hopefully she leaves some of that
footage in she's probably not gonna
leave some of that footage in but just
like Ryan swage does it he stole it for
me every time there's dead space and
this is promo for Ryan slaves just cuz
get literally any time there is dead
space I just feel like you know at
Wolfie at Wolfie at Wolfie out will for
ya Wolfie so hopefully you see me there
if you don't see me on there I go feel
free to spam her comments without Wolfie
to let her know that
you both know bit it's like a skin a
boat like PDA and stuff like that and
I'm not one to mess with PDA so I was
just like y'all I'm on board because I
support obviously what's going on I
don't like couples that like our super
lovey w in public it weirds me out okay
you make everyone uncomfortable just
telling you couples by the way in case
you're one of those people that watching
my videos
don't do that because you're weird and
it weirds everyone out around you it
makes the whole situation awkward
alright but PDA that's what it was about
anyways guys we're just doing talking
with wolfy session right now Ryan is
chilling here yes out earlier but I mean
Z's eating McDonald's now you come with
the camera we're stop editing the
freaking thing am i meeting myself and
you open up that bat bag right there
just show them no let me gone alone you
food no not yours the wolf in nose I'm
not hungry you guys this is something I
would never do to you guys I would never
lie I did go in the steam room hence why
I just changed my whole attire I think I
actually I'm getting sick because I
could have sat in there for hours but
you world people have been tagging me in
this pic yeah yeah I can at Wolfie at
Wolfie
it's that Wolfie but guys anyways now I
don't even know we're gonna do because
it's pretty late so you want to sleep I
can't even talk to her and now there's
Taco Bell stuff on my floor but guys
this is just an update in my life you
guys wanted me to do these vlogs so this
is what's going on sometimes there's
gonna be boring times where you just
want to sit on a chair and do nothing
alright alright alright alright you guys
follow the title of this video you guys
want to know my opinion on the whole
rice gum I dub situation if you haven't
not seen it for some strange reason
because it was number one on trending
high dubs made a Content cop on rice and
I was like 31 minutes if you don't know
this is lik oh my room right here Ryan's
even her dog they lied about their
rights comes room is literally right
behind that like rice is there right now
anyways guys
exposed but rice gum is literally behind
that wall right there we're neighbors
talk all the time about everything and
I'm obviously a big supporter of race I
love race to death he's one of the main
homies and so obviously I have a
connection there so when I watched the
video I dubs just tearing apart rice gum
and has like 6 million views in like 12
hours and like 1 million likes so
obviously a lot of support on it there's
only one way that one could think in
such a certain situation as such I don't
even lift I made any sense but honestly
guys I was a little shocked about the
whole video
I thought the video was pretty well done
it was well made but my whole opinion on
it as a whole was make sure to smash the
thumbs up if you thought the same
let's hit 35,000 comment down below
anything you want by kid no but
seriously guys if we smash those likes I
will do a reaction video tomorrow with
Ryan sways to the video I'm not gonna do
unless we get those like so don't even
bother asking me to in the comments
below blah but seriously I'm actually so
sick so I'm gonna bed I love you guys so
much and I'll see you guys soon I'm
horrible for where we stay a little bit
more times when I'm a China hand as all
these days average I go
