good morning ay yo what's good at you
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
guys today is finally the day of the
pop-up shop loose changes change because
ready I'm ready
literally like we just called it Lewbert
10 minutes we're going down to the
pop-up shop we've seen snapchat stories
it is insane rice banks and Alyssa are
already there but you guys already know
what today's it's gonna be a crazy vlog
today so if you're feeling that what
cancel your over why we got an Excel
Excel coming so we'll be here two
Canadians were super nice smash the like
button if you're excited for today's
vlog when zu become minute Wednesday
we're coming we have one year I mean
four five six I think they're six or so
anyways guys we're figuring out the
driving arrangements right now but let's
get down to the public shop so we're
about to pull up to the spot right now
the line I can't see it from here but
it's not because it's going around this
corner but soon as we pull up watch how
crazy this is the line it's right over
here and the line goes all so here's
where the line begins the lines Ahmad
it's a marching
guys what it's looking like right now no
one had came in yet there's a few sales
watch what happens when someone comes in
who's about to push them out okay is
about to blow up
got Kim came through far away to leave
imagine but he's gonna sit there
together
bargain bargain security was extra just
in case you guys don't make it in this
what it looks like so we've been at this
event this pop-up for like honestly I'd
say like 30 minutes so far but it's it's
been crazy guys like literally there's
so many fans outside and the security
guard has no show no show keep the next
step keep the next clip and the bag is
signed and it's crazy out here but rug
just pulled up to the very back door so
I'm gonna let him in the secret entrance
let's see if he's here
hopefully the a billion people don't run
in
guys so rug was supposed to be out there
he's not there so i'ma FaceTime him
because he said literally is pulling up
now I don't know what's going on but
there's so many people out there and I
want to say hi to everyone but like we
have to help out yo where are you go
in the back alley where all the kids are
yeah get out and get out and run to me
bro they run to the back door where all
the kids are I'll let you in quick like
right now okay get out get out get out
get out get out let's go all right guys
see you heard that rugs about to pull up
rug is poppin bug hopefully I'm just
thinking about the rug has all like he's
gonna have all the attention on him so
hopefully I can like pull them in this
I'm gonna go get him I'm just gonna get
him back
I jump filled out guys who's on my blog
she'd have to say what up you want to
show anyone else yeah let's go shadow
shadow let's get it
pictures are going on in the back I'm
just going to go check to see how the
front door is doing so guys everybody is
logging right now I have to talk really
loud music
and then everyone's turning up right now
it's meant to get his songs
showed up
in the back and listen and see what
happens there's a lot of cameras out
there
it would suck up the pop-up got shot
down but it's like three o'clock there's
three hours left
please cups let us continue the damn pop
oh because Clinton guys I've met so many
wolf em today it's ridiculous I love you
guys so damn much thank you for coming
out supporting love the banks and
everyone we're all so thankful you guys
are the best
update apparently the reason why the
cops are outside right now is because
someone got hit by a car we don't know
for sure but that's about it the rumor
is so I'll fill in I'll update you guys
on what's going on I mean we'll see in a
few minutes they're forcing everyone Oh
guys this is
trying to make the last bill Sammon no
one felt great I love them that's
getting Sam
the cops are trying to kick everyone all
right
this all happened because inside doesn't
work
go to our
feel to be so famous that like you shut
down Fairfax
just after month again
yeah I guess guys it wasn't it wasn't
banks at all everyone thinks it was
banks but literally tee off is the
reason why a Fairfax got shut down he's
lucky the genius behind all this yeah
yeah the grace is whatever like to grow
you can't stop your father all right
guys so I just got my hair faded you
already know your boys lookin fly as
hell shoutout shortcut as always they
came that's about right now they're
cutting Bryce's hair inside but look at
this the guy brought his dog and he is a
little Maltese puppy little D come here
he was so scared because he saw his
reflection in the mirror so we had to
bring him outside cause he was barking
like crazy but hey marshmallow
marshmallow come here I don't even need
to go home anymore honestly there's no
guys I think me and so they're gonna fly
Wolfie Union prints out because come on
now I have Wolfie jr. right here
literally my little baby Wolfie Junior
good boy boy marshmallow right here guys
look at this new dog brought Wolfie
junior to LA okay okay okay okay don't
like the hair you're cute you're cute
I'll bring you inside
ready marshmallow ready can you sit can
you sit marshmallow sit he's so excited
as he's so excited okay okay okay oh
you're tied up I I don't how to untie
nuts rush off you're gonna have to we'll
just chill out here for a bit yeah buddy
I don't know how I used to be a cat guy
I'm literally obsessed with dogs now
little Maltese dogs little watch these
dogs yeah yeah your teething it's eating
your baby commercial oh yes
Sushi's part with the boys for breakfast
guy bring up this lunchtime you guys
know the one thing I don't like it we'll
see these bots is that everyone orders
too much food because they think
everyone's gonna eat it so we're gonna
see who is this a bit of agree because
if you order your eating you don't eat
it all go and I have to eat it all right
only can settle Doggett
this one's on you you $200 bull already
off to a bad start guys Ryan thought the
shrimp tempura was just remember it's
just Sookie tempura but I won this race
you have way more those solo to go by
the way really Nick on snapping cakes
snapchats later after sushi there's only
one thing to get a mad thing is ice
cream yeah if you're not on a diet like
me but I'm gonna die so I can't be in
that but obviously we got some people
come to LA it didn't really change me
guys I'm still getting healthy hidden
that steamer once a day working out hard
for Ryan and me come and Nick and mad
everyone just don't care what the diet
like me but I will stick to it no ice
cream for me so guys rice is not home
for the day he's actually out visiting
his family and I was just like you know
maybe I should put a little bit of a
prank on rice so I bought a bunch of
these sticky notes guys smash the like
button if this whole room should be
sticky noted I've done a sticky note
prank in the past it was insane
got so much good feedback so I need to
do round two well I'm an hour late so
hit that like button and we're gonna
make it happen because I think we have
pretty much all day until this kid comes
back so guys earlier today I don't know
if you saw my snapchat hold on I gotta
stop this because you don't get
copyright but earlier today this guy I
played this guy into cool god this guy
beat this guy by 20 points and now like
I want a rematch
what are you on FaceTime with my man's
time with your boyfriend anyway shoutout
you Boone we don't care about you booing
that's not this guy is gonna rematch
this guy in real life ball OH one-on-one
1v1
I'm gonna film the whole thing because
guys I don't play ball but we are
actually going to the shoe store before
we go play ball because these guys need
the cop shoes Ryan's got his Oh salmon
Kobe's salmon Kobe time and Kobe's guard
on that knee khan's got these what is
this gym space jams
what are those are on you size 18 18 and
I got the hot place
Okwe Jordan collab sponsored by Nike
let's get it you guys thought I was
joking but actually coffee shoes before
they football come on
shake up ball has started Brian's here
Nissan's on the court already he comes
going in all right
Lance aria
Ryan
your gambols up to 15 I'm gonna see if I
can get some plays here
this fella figure karate didn't know
where
Ryan please
being mastered on the car right now boy
so the guys have missing raining
but hopefully they can come back right
now
yes
over here right
how do you feel Mother's Day all my
don't be that guy
do not be the guy that beefs over
everything like he asked me if the ball
went out just like two minutes ago and
like its foot
when I was like nine like you didn't go
over this because I didn't want him to
like be like what disease and he's still
trying to be please filter but if
someone comes out to me and beefs I'm
throwing ads guys I gotta defend myself
here
oh my god
the mismatch once all right listen guys
I'm so welcome accent oh you caught in
the fence another
okay
but there's a few guys it's one guys so
crazy apiece I don't think they've lost
the game yet but one of the guys on that
team is feeling too nice and he's doing
no work all right guys so we have a
little bit of bad news rice is gonna be
home a little earlier than expected and
we just got back from the ball court and
we were there for like forever because
they're running like games of five or
something and then like every game there
was like a 20 minute break in between
each one I was watching them and there
was like two guys there were absolute
Mod but on a good note guys I cleaned
the room um nice you're not you're not
anyone you're not in it hit me up any
youtuber wanted to say then why didn't
you perform in the game what'd you catch
okay Ryan's nice has everyone comment
down below Orion's nice but look at the
corner we got the shoes up we got to
fill in this space cuz it's empty still
but we fully clean the room up it looks
fresh the laptops on the bed I think me
and Ryan are gonna take it easy tonight
because the last couple nights we've
just been turning the heck up and
everybody needs some rest time so we're
probably - take it easy tonight wake up
super early tomorrow morning if you guys
enjoyed this vlog you already know what
it is go down and smash that like button
let's hit thirty five thousand likes
thirty five thousand likes it will do
the rice gum room I promise we will get
something done tomorrow even if he's
home I'll figure out a way to do it
comment down below Ryan's nice football
even though he's not nice about smash
the thumbs buttons with your right here
let's go I usually say that at the start
yeah yeah you're not real with them and
I will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
of my main channel and as always stay
savage Lego
