but she said you so to that honestly I
have to say Q hey my god good morning a
yo what's that you boy wolfy welcome
back to more wolfy and welcome back to
another beautiful la vlog guys today I
am super excited because a special guest
these special guests that I announced in
yesterday's vlog and I've been hinting
about in the past couple of vlogs is
arriving in about 10 minutes they're
gonna pull up over here I don't know if
you guys have probably guessed who it is
by now but it's someone who's very close
to me I flew them out here because I
needed them out here they're like
literally like my partner in crime we do
everything together so you guys probably
already know who it is
alright you're right it's Santa Claus
Santa Claus is coming here no I'm just
kidding but smash the like button if you
guys are excited for another vlog
let's hit 35 thousand likes on this vlog
right now wolf M if you haven't hit the
like button hurry up I can't barely open
my eyes cuz it's so early in the morning
but today let's hit it with kiss the
kiss the thumbs up button hurry up
kiss it kiss it kiss it let's get it you
guys got three seconds to second one
second I hope you hit it I'm stressed I
thought that was the person but it's
just mail anyways guys I am going to go
downstairs and get ready for when they
arrive because this is dope actually
guys there's gonna be a quick change of
plans I was gonna surprise him here the
special guests coming but I'm actually
gonna surprise him at the store it's
like a double whammy I'm surprising him
with two things at once because he's
coming to visit me in LA there's a store
called RIF LA and it has like all this
exclusive stuff I've been buying all
this stuff for myself but I want to buy
something for my friends because we got
an event to go to tonight for the pop-up
shop so obviously everyone has to be
looking on point everyone has to be
looking fly my uber just arrived right
now and I know he's gonna have his
luggage and when we even go to the store
but I'm hoping carry the luggage and
we're all gonna be looking friends
tonight guys we pulled up with the
location and I don't see this guy
anywhere in sight so I think he's trying
to prank me right now but I'm about to
call him and see what's good because
this is unacceptable
yo yo where are you where's the
Starbucks
over there okay three Jesus thank you
well this friggin guy just told me
there's three Starbucks which one are
you at okay guys look for ahead can you
see who the special guest is they are
way way down there we got a speed walk
go say what up oh I see him I see him
wearing some H&M but he always wears
guys he never changed I've never changed
bro
surprising brother from across the world
I flew him out here I'm about to
surprise him
sweeties nation is running sweet in the
building guys yuck baby the vlog give me
this the vlog misses me what up guys
it's your boy sleazy baby wait do you
know we're going right now I'm
surprising you
no I'm surprising Ryan I'm actually
buying you something in the store
what does the loose change pop ups
tonight and there's you have to look
fresh so I'm gonna get Ryan some
designer clothing or designer something
it's probably not gonna be no Louis
Vuitton supreme but welcome back to the
vlog jeez guys I missed the vlogs to be
honest I keep up with them I see you
guys in the comments and Charlie sucks I
miss Ryan okay none of that Umbro
tonight we have to react to something no
because apparently Danielle bergoglio in
her new video kin roasted meat she
actually roasted why I know she reacted
she reacted to me reacting to her and
apparently she had some things to say to
Danielle I know you're like we're 12 but
I guess you must know more wolfy you
don't know main channel cuz you don't
know the savage wolfy so I'm coming for
your head top don't ever talk shit about
me again and I'm never reacting to your
high bitch song again it was whatever by
the way alright guys so he pulled up me
and my new boy Tyler we have time to
kill so this guy's a skateboarder I'll
pop his Instagram right there this thing
this guy thinks you can clear this what
is this 12 stairs
11 stairs yeah yeah don't drop the
wallet Billy guys I've never seen
skateboard tricks done like real in real
life I just know tanner - scooter trick
like that so don't don't die on me bro
gon rock first Roy
yeah it's Friday first I Fridays do not
fall on the street Ralph Foley are you
gonna do it are you gonna do a trick
just like ollie yeah
after these guys you're good okay he's
good you're good you're good you're good
you're good yeah yeah where is this guy
oh my god oh I'm nervous well I'm not
gonna do the trick I'm more nervous than
this guy I think he's just doing Italy's
it's gonna jump off yeah yeah oh my god
skateboarders just bail and bail and
Bell and Bell and they keep going so
first try
oh my god all right let's close holy
okay let's do it easier trick do it
easier Jake you want to do it all right
next attempt
oh my god
oh my god you know what that's it here
it is Instagram Shoto let's get it
that's a legend Elias
I don't know that's a LAN and he just
had to bail because there was traffic I
think he's gonna go again security
pulled up but I mean there's no real up
yeah watch him try and stop him oh no
he's not he's dressed you're Savage I
thought these girls were pulling up to
get him boom he's gonna wait it out and
we're gonna try one more Security's here
but he's going one more time because
Yolo Yolo Yolo
that's a land that's a land okay we got
kicked out of there we're moving to do
some some street tricks you can't get
kicked out of the streets exactly okay
oh come back this way what the hell is
that okay come back this way bro I got
you oh that guy's this one hoodie that I
really liked it's not my size my heart
is broken it's always online it's not
here I'm gonna cry
but it's a good thing we are not here
for me this is all about Ryan today so
any shirt here that's like not a billion
dollars I'm a compliment cuz he asked to
look nice and I'm tired of this guy
wearing H&M everywhere he goes he's
wearing H&M right now he's wearing H&M
right now so guys a little bit of bad
news basically Ryan didn't like anything
in the first spot I was really hard to
look in there
I like every shirt was in a like a
plastic bag and they're so like piled
together it's kind of kind of wacky
I like the Louie Vuitton like I'm
addicted to the Louis Vuitton supreme
stuff I didn't come expecting to buy
anything but the hoodie got me aged and
I asked if my size was still there
they're like not LeBron James son bought
it I was like all right anyway so we're
going to the next spot now hopefully we
can find something there Ryan actually
did find a pair of shoes that imma get
him and whatever was the Jordan 11 brand
11th one of the best Jordans the classic
J's except the guy couldn't find them
and we're in a bit of a rush because
today's a busy day
we just had to give our info down he's
gonna call us we're gonna go back there
later but for now we're gonna go to some
next door that I had to make an
appointment just to go in because it's
amazing and apparently it's like crazy
so we're gonna go check it out I'll let
you guys know about it guys this is
apparently where the next place is and
even though I scheduled an appointment
like I've been looking where to go for
the past 25 minutes nothing is showing
up and because like I have a Canadian
phone the the connections a little iffy
here to like me and Ryan honestly we
don't even know where to go right now
we're just probably gonna call it uber
if we can get connection to do that but
this second place is a huge flop I'm
stressed guys there's fans that are
James thanks is freaking out right now
no banks that's that's crazy
oh my go get banks reaction
these kids are lining up in lawn chairs
already that is crazy your bank CPP the
little pink spins on me freaking out
dude what's the guy's name
the Emma's Twitter guys look at this
tweet this dude tweeted at me and said
we out here baby and the dude the dudes
I'm working at the pop-up right now
they're like dude there's like 20 kids
waiting outside in my chairs and stuff
they early for this whole day before
Jesus guys pop-up is gonna be insane
guys the same shit link in description
let's get it loose change alright guys
so it is that time of the vlog today we
are going to be reacting to Danielle
bergoglio reacting to me but I need some
help from my my roast partner aka my
reaction partner i sways in the building
you can come up bro this guy just broke
the chair kind of the chain on no are
you ready to change to looking at okay
guys so basically if you don't know what
happened I'm gonna give you a quick
little background story
Danielle burger Lee dropped the second
song called hi bish aka slash which what
we know honestly amazing I actually
liked it a lot better than the first one
I actually reacted to that one solo
because Ryan was not in LA during the
time usually he reacts to everything
with me but now he's here she reacted to
me I'm just gonna react to her reacting
to me like you didn't react the artists
I know I think she just doesn't like you
Wow so hopefully you should react to
this and we can make some reaction
ception Danielle but I saw like a few of
the people that led up to me I'm not
gonna put them in my video but you you
went off on them so I'm expecting to get
a little hurt on this video I'm gonna
try my best not to roast you but no
guarantees cuz I'm probably gonna roast
you ass but let's just get right into
this
yo yo yo I'm gonna pause it right there
because she's looking at you though
why did she bite me with your apps why
didn't they put wolfy like whoever was
in charge of this I'm sure Danielle
didn't go hunting for the footage yeah
but you know I have a channel like you
know I have a main channel with more
subs than you Danielle you know that
right I'm just saying I'm just saying
you just keep dropping your lip at you
though is she yeah she look he is look
he is too young feel the connection
actually yourself yeah yeah I am 17 but
she's like 60 and I think maybe 15 I
can't date younger girls but I can't
date younger girls anyways about science
you can see that I'm into the song
clearly he said was it on sale though
okay
I go back you want to play games then
yeah you pronounce your ad-libs properly
because that's not my it's cuz she
doesn't know about Melrose you buy stuff
on sale but you don't buy stuff on
Melrose no roses where you buy the
designer stuff by the way I'm sorry you
and I she asked me was it on sale she's
watching Ryan sways cuz you have to come
at me but you just expose yourself it's
like I could buy 10 chairs you said in
the reaction before this but now you're
like was it on sale though cuz I need
the sale because I spent all my friggin
catching outside money already on chairs
how much money does she make up a lie on
she made a lot but oh my god you know
Danielle she's been no what she's just
riding sweet thang yes sir that's my
Alan I and it sounded like it sounded
like Melrose yeah like it did sound like
Melrose anyways here we go I remember
that I still think that
they call me baby she called me when she
watches sweetie baby just just calm out
my vid but she said you told her that
honestly I have to say cute but then she
said knock you so knock you at the same
time I love her Danielle can we just be
friends okay can we just be friends wolf
Pam everybody watching this video go ask
me inside catch me
go spam the hell out of this gone on
Twitter asked her to be friends I follow
her why don't you follow me oh because
I'm about to unfollow you get Maddie to
follow wolfy get yeah yeah and ran to it
and after that I want Jacob said Therese
following after that pretty much
everything's good like life's good tell
her that you follow right into his -
yeah yeah telephone all right so I
thought the roast is gonna be a little
worse than that though yeah cuz I was
like yo I boosted her the whole video
cuz I actually did the song so there's
not much she can say about me but I mean
if she's really gonna nitpick me down to
that line you gotta do that was a little
bit of a stretch all right baby you want
to call each other baby then let's call
each other baby please you baby anyways
guys that's the reaction that's just Kay
just got into dance shot please key I
hate this guy Ahmad no you can come on
say hi hey way to leave my room like 10
minutes ago you can anyways guys I think
we're gonna film a video for Fraser's
channel nikan just shut up
alright guys shut up alert alert banana
banana anyways guys that's the reaction
let's just get on with the day and
Danielle brick typically I love you and
follow me on Twitter how are you
so apparently they're doing like a
McDonald's video upstairs and guys
McDonald's actually just sent me
10-piece chicken nugget meals yo I have
a surprise for you guys I know you're
doing a McDonald's video how would I
tell you oh that's a lot of McDonald's
McDonald's sent me 10-piece chicken
nugget meals take em all bro in order
for this is for you is for you this for
you waist babe
did you actually rally oh okay well yeah
have my nuggets bro I'll be dabbing my
name this is from McDonald's bro big
don't listen to you it's all yours thank
you you guys already know what it do
what it do you boys chilling in his home
cinema right now guy Ryan sways in the
cut and we just got out of the sauna and
the steam room so I'm feeling pretty
wavy right now
but we have some time to kill right now
because we're waiting to go to like the
one event at bankses pop-up it's
tomorrow so I thought why not play a
little bit of a game so I'm gonna ask
Ryan a few questions you guys should be
playing this game at home test your
knowledge skills because sometimes when
you have time to spare you need to make
sure your brain is working at full
capacity so that you can get smarter
okay kids you always want to be smart so
I have a list of questions I'm gonna ask
do not cheat do not Google the answers
right okay how much dirt is there in a
hole three foot deep six feet long and 4
feet wide how much any gun what how much
hole
how much how much dirt is there come on
the dirt in a hole three by six by four
that's what a hole can't be three by
four actually yeah no it's a good you go
down this is the best you get people
that are you okay final answer there's
those diameters okay the actual answer
is here there's a
there's none or else it wouldn't be a
whole what it wouldn't be a whole Wow
why is there dirt there you can have
dirt in the hole no you can't nobody the
thing is it's like really I did I said
how much dirt is there in a hole to
defeat deep the dimensions are just to
throw you off so you can go through the
hole but there's no hole there's no hole
at all oh I think I have right I thought
I did until you guys said it okay this
one is a common one that I'm sure the
whole world knows this one I'm just
gonna say if there are six apples and
you take away four how many do you have
this examples and you take away four how
many of you have two examples not yet
for you take for it most people would be
like six - four - you have two last
question Ryan this is a brainteaser what
goes up and down but still remains in
the same place and elevate it banks is
really good at these what an elevator an
elevator that's actually that might be
an answer that like wasn't on the sheet
but that's not it stairs goes up and
down will remains elevators actually
technically move so that's brain teasers
with no feet yeah yeah yeah let's just
do one more let's do one no no part two
on Ryan's Channel what can you never eat
for breakfast lunch dinner yeah there
you go one four four I'll give them that
guys so that's brain teaser little feet
yeah here he goes
till what's black wait Anna sweetie
that's easy wolfy your mud bro guys look
funny if this thing just happened
literally we were just filming a video
for rice comes channel it's probably
gonna be up in a few days but this guy
did a surprise for Alyssa violet and
every literally like his room is so so
damn messy after that I'm not gonna
spoil the surprise but it was just for a
big accomplishment on his channel that
Alyssa happened to be part of that's all
I'm gonna say you guys definitely
already know what it is but after we
finished that I completely forgot that
we have to like pretty much head out to
the pop-up shop event tonight and then
as soon as I'm done that I think I'm
gonna go see my boy Zion you guys know
Zion if you don't know Zion
that is ion so because I do not feel
like having this big camera even though
I am a vlogger and vlogging is life this
camera is so damn massive guys like look
how big it is and look at the mess in
the room right here there's even more of
a mess in the room it's ridiculous but I
will be Instagram stirring and
snapchatting the whole thing so if you
guys want to see all the crazy stuff
that happens tonight because it's gonna
be super lit you don't know whatever
happens when we go out ok follow me on
snapchat at Wolfie raps right here on
the screen go follow your boy and just
go spam me OK I post some crazy stuff on
there and there's a lot of behind the
scenes stuff that I can't post on
YouTube that's on there so if you want
to see reckless savage Wolfie go follow
me on that and obviously on Instagram
Wolfie go follow me there DoubleTap all
my damn pics if you haven't done that
already I'm gonna end the vlog off there
guys I love you guys so so so much I
look forward to seeing all my wolf fam
at the event tomorrow I know there's
gonna be so many people so the vlog
tomorrow is gonna be ridiculous so make
sure to come back for that smash the
like button if you haven't already if
you made it to this point in the vlog
guys hit that like button okay I want to
see how many people stayed around for
the whole vlog means you're the
Loyalists wolf family I love you guys so
much comment down below I'll comment
back to you guys and I will see you guys
soon all more Wolfie where we stay just
a little bit just a little bit more
savage of my main channel and as always
stay savage Lego
you
