Deji is set on going to meet Jake Paul I
know what suture boy won't be welcome
back to more wolf feet let me start off
this vlog by saying I love you guys
right waiting for you guys and they left
me so then I have to go we miss you in
yesterday's vlog listen if you know if
you follow my snapchat you would have
realized where Ryan disappeared like the
good news what's the good news that he's
only saying 45% anyways before the block
begins let's go down and smash that like
button let's hit 35 thousand likes on
this vlog for absolutely no reason we
crush it yes
we crushed it in yesterday's vlog do you
up geez that will femur looks nice and
you Wolfie raps combo called the merge
the other plugs Ryan yesterday
disappeared just like his dad oh do you
all got a skin fade yesterday I got a
skin fade so I'm feeling fresh look at
nice today
Deji got one but yo we're gonna start
off the vlog daddy has to go to the mall
I don't know what this picking up at the
mall but he's not a shopping spree
no dad G yo I might buy something too
now that I have five extra my chicken
chicken
anyways I think daddy's on his way right
now let's get it ko we don't even end up
going to the ball we can go into some
quench place no I'm joking
I decided I told daddy I was like yo for
going anywhere we have to go here first
I got to get my vitamins and nutrients
you guys know I love to come here for my
smoothies let's go get this movie
guys I think I played myself I know my
theory as always get something that
you're familiar with that you know is
good I tried something new and it's
Dookie dig yeah I love you like threw it
in the garbage over there so now I had
to go get a coffee so I had some
beverage because everyone's doesn't it
drinks off and I'm alone so if there's
anything I teach you guys stick to what
you know okay guys I know this is the
last thing you expected to hear on a
more wolfy vlog but some crazy going
down there was a little bit of stuff
happening earlier today I couldn't
really vlog too much but right now
Deji is set on going to meet my dad Jake
Paul and I'm just gonna go as the
chauffeur cuz like I can't let desi go
alone I don't know who Jake's gonna
bring there I don't know what's gonna go
down but there's like a location we're
meeting at and basically I think desi is
just gonna talk to Jake about the boxing
match what's actually popping because
like everything gets spewed out of
proportion online through tweets through
texts through phone calls so the best
way to talk something out is in person
we could be getting set up I'll let you
guys know if I have a black eye after
this next shot but realistically I don't
think I'm gonna have a black eye because
I could beat all of T 10 up with my left
fist so I'm really not that stressed I'm
a chill in the car and I'll let Daddy do
all the talking cuz it's his battle but
if things get out of hand just know that
this camera might get broken on
someone's head no guys literally dougie
he just kind of ran back inside I think
he's a little bit stressed to meet Jake
I don't know what's going on but yo this
is kind of jessamy out cuz like I have
to pay for my gas and like I don't make
as much money as Jake I mean this guy
like oh my god that's a rat that's a rat
there is there he is
like I was saying desi is coming back to
the car but yo I don't make as much as
Jake so because I gotta pay for my gas
this guy sent me an address to meet at
which is 34 minutes away talk about like
yeah this is this is like right in the
middle for both of us know but it's 34
minutes away so this is four
Beji only you you can pay for my
gas and Jake you
to pay for my guys to rope uh the things
I do the things I do alright guys so we
are on route to go meet with Jay Paul
right now and it actually started
raining it never rains in LA this guy
sent us like four addresses so far and
then we're just like yo they're too far
they're too far so he just sent us
another one this one's 27 minutes away
I'm gonna put in the new address and see
how far it is this one's 24 minutes away
so it's like I don't know we save three
minutes but yeah I'm kind of sketched
out but low-key I'm not okay so what
we'll me neither all right yeah that's
cool five minutes away
all right all right a bit ok guys so we
just arrived at the park I'm gonna stand
at the top of these stairs and I'm gonna
let desi and them talk it out I don't
know what's going down but I'm gonna
stay up here and if anything goes wrong
I'm gonna have to step in but until then
I'm just gonna be chillin
oh damn it come on down you won't be one
of one's talking to talk walk the walk
come on gee I'm more than serious right
now I mean you're talking the talk brah
come on you roll up five deep - I just
got me an young uncle nailer buzz let's
go be honest here's the thing bro
because you brought yourself into this
he brought you he brought himself into
this he did and so I want to handle you
and then I'll handle chaos how about
having won the challenge
bro I'm challenging you right now bro I
haven't had training right now I'm about
to go to a business dinner I'm wearing
gems cut off weight tips I haven't even
taken the tag off come on I'm so serious
stuff I brought key boxing gloves
I put an octagon in my living room okay
all right here's the thing if you're not
gonna fight me right now then stop
calling me the p-word Deal or No Deal do
you learn no deal white hands right well
I'm here with you right now if I was
here with ksi I wouldn't be talking
about you okay well but I'm you're not
picking ki sighs bad news bro ksi say he
doesn't even want to fight me anymore
yeah messing around I'm not broke I
bought close to a good boy at midnight
cuz I'm gonna be at home with Erica
kissing her on the face but instead
instead I'm out here with boxing gloves
in the middle of West Hollywood like
people are just trying to work out it I
really don't care what you learn
I'm just saying fight cancer I'm sitting
here and I'm challenging you cuz here's
what I'll do
here's what I'll do if you stop calling
me the P word you can't call me a P word
and then pull up with boxing gloves in
front of you and then
haxe jobs like that bro you're acting so
I'm acting so I don't want to fight
right okay Chris right now I have tons
of lights
I'm so fancy right now I'm in no
condition to fight is that not true
I've been in a few yeah so you're sick
bro you can't do that
kids this is a lesson for you you can't
call someone a P word and then just like
pull up and just be like yeah the
lessons people fight in park so you say
you're saying the one who challenged
she's standing up for my brother still
saying always irrelevant Oh blah blah
blah then you want to do MMA is that's a
fact
you're wrong cuz he's made he's made
double the videos well and I'm gonna
talk about how he's real everyone knows
he doesn't want these hands these hands
doesn't want the hands he's lazy cuz
he's lazy food y'all don't want the
hands to see your side brothers don't
want the hands cuz they don't hit bro
for real right now so if someone's
pulled up to the Opera in person and it
was like yo box me right now I don't
care if they're seven foot tall I'm like
yo that's how we do it in Ohio cuz
that's how we doing Ohio cuz but do not
know do not know he doesn't know my
man's doesn't know
you don't fight chance I don't know well
this is my last video on you here's the
here's the proposal why I fight you you
train however long you want and Logan
fights K aside you wanna fight
bro I I will that's what I'm saying but
like I proposed one round boxing one
round MMA if he doesn't want to make
that compromise then he's just being
soft just like you are right now it's
it's exposed exposed to fake news Jake
Paul everyone keemstar TMZ roll on
exposed CSI brother exposed
I mean exposure literally amusement for
my two dog alright well alright it's why
I am no bro it wasn't a waste of time it
wasn't a waste of time you want to know
why cuz get yourself some Jake Palmer's
right here there's that's yours take
that home with you
and Roy die Kovacs less Jake ball keeps
pay a lot of money for that not a waste
of time
hashtag psi brother exposed I'm going to
a business dinner oh my car's this way
peace out G remember all of you are soft
pull up SWAT deep pull up squad deep
y'all are off stuff 9000 M every single
order you piss off if you sad
when you've used her down in you need to
fight that's why yo yo is that a purse
is that a purse is that a first advances
were the first all the 5d
he's sort of box even why does it want
to fight me I never challenge guys that
was so blown out of proportion real
quick
Jake don't ever call me soft again
square it with me in the ring I'll come
over yeah I will whoop his ass bro oh my
god
all right Jake let's get it okey-dokey
whoa family we're home now honestly none
of that was staged or anything there was
none of that was planned but I'm not
gonna talk about it if you want to see
the rest of what like what can happen
what led up to that everything is gonna
be like daddy's channel like he's gonna
give a full explanation on what happened
it's not my like beef to like be a part
of that's how I was standing back the
whole time like I didn't want to be up
there I just came to make sure Deji like
was good and we didn't know how many
people are gonna roll up so that can
blow out of proportion way too quick I'm
actually heated and like low-key I'm
trying to buck this kid up but yeah like
I said guys I'm gonna be like a big boy
to my daddy and I'm gonna back up and
stay back I'm gonna end the vlog off
there like the video if you want to like
the video that was crazy
guarantee for tomorrow's vlog we're
gonna try and make it a little more
happy but we might try and make a little
more fighty
so comment whatever you want again link
in the description will be the desease
video full explanation is gonna be over
there and I love you guys so much the
SEC my mood bro I'm done vlogging for
the day peace the out what's my
outro stay a little more sour Ave Joe
