alright guys so Fraser just surprised me
with a new car there was some drama with
the cops the cops had to get called and
then the contacted me good morning and
you know what's good at you boys Wolfie
welcome back to more Wolfie guys before
we begin the vlog you guys already know
how I like to wake up because I'm very
sleepy right now go down and smash that
like button guys here your like button
with your elbow today
let's hit thirty five thousand likes on
this block right now Go Go Go Go Go
hurry up like the video ok I know you
like the video now we can go to my
emotional talk you the sad music as you
guys know today is final day that I'm
gonna be sticking this Airbnb I'm
cutting this Airbnb today because now I
will be staying in the clown house
somewhere in those mountains over there
me and Silvia got this Airbnb because we
needed two places to stay when we came
to LA cuz I was half gonna be at the
cloud hosts half gonna be chillin with
Silvia doing my own thing but now still
be a left at like 4:00 in the morning
her flight was at like 6:00 in the
morning she left super early I barely
even remember her leaving and now I am
checking out of the Airbnb right now I'm
just waiting for the guy to come collect
these keys that almost sounded like Deez
Nuts
daddy all my stuff is packed up we are
ready to go to the cloud house I don't
know if anyone's gonna be awake cuz it's
still really early in the morning I
can't even fully open my eyes but I'll
see you guys in like two seconds let's
get I really need to clean this room
guys guys what's going on right now this
is the house I come in
as they're doing their alerts I'm about
to post up in this corner until my post
mates come and edit right here so I have
to edit and gadre there too you already
know what it is
maids are in here cleaning people are
just starting to wake up it's actually
pretty early and a lot of people are
awake for once then we got the views
obviously guys tomorrow is gonna be a
super special day we got a nice guest
coming here you guys know him very well
I don't want to spoil too much you might
have already said something but let's
just say I might have just paid for for
someone to come out here and visit
because they need to be here if I'm in
LA for a bit they need to be in LA for a
bit so get ready for tomorrow's vlog
tomorrow's vlogs gonna be crazy
another day another luxury car pulling
into the
alright guys so Fraser just surprised me
with a new car this thing is what is it
today
oMG GTS Mercedes it's matte black on the
outside I'll show you that in a second
but right now I'm just like getting my
first test drive how do you put this
thing in Reverse Oh with that reverse
cam this would be so hollow down the
reverse of it this thing is ridiculous
this car from the outside looks like the
Batmobile it literally is the Batmobile
on the outside this is something going
like five miles an hour never in the
Hills thing is revving come on oh shut
up to face Kane you guys already know
today's link in the description his
video of him giving me this car will be
there thank you bro oh thank you guys
this is what I was just in I don't even
know if you know what this car is but
AMG GTS Mercedes it's pretty much the
top of the line Mercedes that you can
get the inside my favorite color is
black and red of course the wheels
ridiculous it's got every mode sport
mode disc rims are dumb and from the
back so you can see its booty it's a
dumb car man shout-out to praise you for
this let's get it alright guys so we are
headed off to the pop-up shop one more
time just to make sure everything's good
before the actual date which is Saturday
if your wolf am you guys should be
coming up to that as well to show love
because I will be there banks gonna be
there race is gonna be there a list is
gonna be there everyone's gonna be there
guys the address is gonna be on the
screen right now but if you don't know
what it is it is 641 North Point C Etta
place yeah it's off Melrose often about
in LA knows where Melrose is okay and if
you guys have seen where I've been
buying stuff it's like pretty much
around there so come out literally we're
gonna be there all day and it's gonna be
super lit it's gonna I'll leave all the
the link to everything in the
description loose change you guys
already know what it is but right now we
are off and something happened today
I'll explain it kind of briefly later
but we're having good vibes right now
guys little update on the shop this is
the
bookshop we just got here everything is
fully painted we got this one right here
points I killed this piece is hanging on
the ceiling are you are you kidding me
this is my favorite piece in the whole
set right here guys because you know I
like my smiles and multicolor panels on
guys come on come on come on come on
come on come on
ridiculous amounts of stuff to give out
there not give up so definitely not free
so guys this is what you can expect when
you come here in person to come say what
up on Saturday this one I know I said
this one's my favorite
but this one low-key looks the best on
me it looks the best on me these fires 1
2 3 4 goddamn I need these shorts though
but I guess this is we're gonna be
taking pictures on Saturday guys so when
you buy stuff you're gonna come in and
then you're gonna come back here and
then this stupid guys gonna be here and
then Alissa might be there and rice
might be there rugs gonna be there I'm
gonna be right here
I might not read I might not be there
but I'll be somewhere so come come say
what up for sure crazy they did a lot
guys this literally this this place was
like nothing about a week ago and then
it got pimp - hello but guys honestly
the highlight of the shop is the fact
that we got outlets on the wall so if
you need to come charge your phone you
got one two three it's gonna be lit guys
we're getting in and out I'm really eat
my 500 bucks
yeah Wolfie will give me 500 bucks if
you drop it into the hoop
I did it to make it I think that
actually minute I'm reaching so we just
got back to the crib oh and we about to
film a video for nee Khan's channel I
think we're gonna be reacting to
something but I was like yo I'm not
gonna be in your video unless you hook
me up with some of your merch because
the merch is in alert alert alert alert
alert
whereas nikan would say alert yo are we
filming is that a dog London come to
Papa oh that's quick London come here
yeah good girl
London's trying to be in the video too
guys and hopefully we can get paracin on
this one too yo his London in this video
is this a collab featuring London London
where are you going what are you doing
London what are you doing Syd London
say good girl good girl
London and Paris are my only fix of
having dogs because I extended my trip I
was only supposed to stay actually I
don't know how long I'm staying probably
for like the next year but my two dogs
are at home so Sylvia got to go home and
see them but I didn't get to see them
she faced time it wasn't really enough
so now I gotta settle for this
I mean she's whatever I like Paris a lot
more miss Paris in the vid well Paris is
not in the vid we get London notebook
you know $25,000 dog but London over
okay guys so we're about to film the
cons video but I don't I just want to
talk about this well it's quickly on my
head and it's still fresh in my memory
basically today happen I'm not really
gonna talk about too much but I'm just
gonna touch on some key points at the
cloud host it was some bad situation
that went on basically these kids
essentially broke into the house there
was some drama with the cops the cops
had to get called and then the cops had
to take the kids away so basically all
of its gonna be on banks to channel me
banks and rice talked about it we didn't
go into too much detail but we explained
what needed to be said there but from
what I can say guys is we love you guys
I love my fans to death
banks loves as fast as that rice loves
his fans to death but you cannot break
into someone's house because that's
illegal and to there's gonna be security
24/7 here from now on so that stuff is
not gonna fly anymore
but just know that there was something
went down so
if you hear about it from Banks's
channel we handle it in the way we
thought was the correct way the cops
came they handled it no one got hurt
obviously but it was a bad way to end
the night because it took up like
everyone's time so rice had to do
something and I had to film a video and
then we had to go to like a pop-up shop
and we ended up going there super late
but all of that is handled and now we're
gonna have a positive note by filming a
video reacting to plane crashes or
something so I mean no better way to end
the night but everything's gonna be a
Banks's channel I'm sure the videos
gonna be up by the time this video is up
so if you want to know about everything
that happened click on the link in the
description to bankses channel and there
should be a full explanation now that
we're done reacting to plane crashes
we're gonna try and chug coke for Nick's
channel I can't do this I can burp I can
burp on command yeah so yeah we're gonna
be burping on his channel it's gonna be
a challenge but this is what happens
when you live we're doing this what
happens when you live with youtubers
guys like one oh I'm already in the mood
one video after another video after
another video and we're on the ground
yeah it's like 1:00 a.m.
12:20 but the grind don't stop and guys
get ready
tomorrow's guest is gonna be super lit
how is it that I've been in this house
for so damn long and I have yet to go in
this friggin Hollywood pool guys I have
yet to go in this pool I have yet to go
in the hot tub over there it's really
dark so you can't see much right now but
this house has like one of the most
beautiful pools and beautiful hot tubs
and beautiful views that you can ever
see there's even a rope over in that
corner rug climb that and you can get
all the way into the mountains so I need
to do that like I need to do a bunch of
stuff like definitely lose my virginity
to getting in the pool of a hot tub
climbing the mountains maybe sitting on
that couch actually I've sat on that
couch but there's just so many things
that I haven't even taken advantage of
of me being here because I'm always out
of the house but I feel like tomorrow in
tomorrow's vlog I'm just gonna explore
everything every inch of the house cuz I
haven't even been ever I didn't even
know there was a shower outside right
here what the hell there's a shower
there's a sink
we got freaking these heaters a rope I
swear you can get on top of the house
right there with the ropes too might
have to do an exploring cloud house
hidden rooms you've never seen before
exposed top 10 oh you got cameras
everywhere I really don't know much
about this house I'm I can't even see my
face right now what's going on here I
really need to get a new tripod I
thought this tripod was dope but I've
been looking into like this one
different like tripod shut the TV off
for showing me it it's like you can set
it up I mean I don't even know I'm
telling you guys this because I talk
about everything with you guys but
basically if you can set it up so it's
like a tripod but it's called a monopod
but you can still stand it like a
regular trap it's like this tripod with
height - which is good I need to cop it
i'm a cop that tomorrow but yeah well
fennel i think i'm gonna end the vlog
off there sorry that this one wasn't as
long as they usually are we plan on
doing a lot of stuff during the night
but that whole cop situation like kind
of screwed everything up so tomorrow's
vlogs will be back on the regular
schedule I'm gonna bang something out
hit the like button if you enjoyed this
vlog and get ready for tomorrow's vlog
because I'm pretty sure some of you
might or are going to know who's coming
but it's it's a pretty big surprise so
I'm excited you guys should be excited
to smash that like button
let's hit thirty five thousand likes on
this vlog comment that'll be lo special
guests you get a special guest to come
into cloud house where your boy is and I
will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
then my main channel and as so trippy
always stays a bitch let go
