okay before you start waving that thing
around so this cube Japanese good
morning and yo what's good it's a boy
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy today
we're just on the day off by letting the
light come in the room guys I'm opening
this up I told you guys at the end of
yesterday's vlog I got a bunch of
meetings in the morning so it is super
early I'm not awake I have not my coffee
yet so I'm gonna need some motivation
well fam you already know it it's
smashed that like button with your small
pinky finger okay hurry up boom boom
boom hit it did you hit it did you hit
it did you hit it okay bless now that we
got that out of the way the uber is on
its way today is gonna be another live
log because these vlogs are super lit I
hope you guys are having an amazing day
let's get it I'm stressed all this
construction really screwed me over
because now I was supposed to go to a
building way over there and now I'm way
over here and I have to walk I'm
stressed
look at his D to her man he's stressed
we're all stressed I'm gonna be late
just finished off the first meeting guys
big big big big big things coming I'm
excited about this literally there's a
lot of stuff that I cannot tell you guys
what I really want to tell you guys
we're we're figuring out where the next
meeting is you already know what it is
we squatted up right here very important
things they weren't too mad about me
being late so hopefully the second
meeting isn't too bad about being late
because we stayed a little bit of extra
time guys fourth business meeting for
the day literally super hectic I'm so
hungry I barely even had my coffee for
the morning but they got your boy
reading lines I never thought I would be
out here reading lines I don't even know
what's going on right now but I'm trying
my best it's like I'm trying to be a
serious person when I'm not that serious
but after Wolfie is engaged let's get it
alright guys so I just finished that
auditioning stuff it was weird because I
was like a serious and like like I said
I'm a goofy guy but I had to buckle down
in the audition Wolfie and we figured
out so much stuff like I woke up super
early I'm super productive but now we
can have some fun in the vlog we got all
the business stuff done we're headed to
the cloud house and we are going to film
some bangers because that's what we do
every day let's get it geez
yeah I know I cannot finish my workout
or start my workout without my GIMP Oleg
gotta love Chipotle Chipotle this xx
time I'll ask you please sponsor your
boy and yes I am wearing the same shirt
as yesterday because it's workout time
and I didn't sweat enough apparently I
love he smell like like duty right now I
was just about to workout and look what
came in the mail today oh my god these
are the cleanest kicks I've ever seen
shout out banks for letting me actually
wear his before I actually got mine just
cuz I knew they were coming they're on
their way for the IG pick it was lit if
you guys haven't liked it by the way
that's the last time I plug here's the
pic go like it go comment on it I am
liking every comment on it so hurry up
go wolf em what else came in the mail we
got two kicks with Sylvia that I ordered
but Sylvia is in meetings all day so I
cannot give her those until later that
means I just got time to work out
day number two we are sitting in the
beautiful lounge because you guys know
it's for residents only but I'm a
resident now I'm currently waiting for
the uber to come here and then I got a
bunch of stuff to do today I have to do
like the absolute essentials the other
day I bought underwear and now it's gone
to the point where I've been in LA so
long that I am buying like toothpaste
the odor and stuff like that and I think
one special member that you guys know
very well might be coming out to LA in
the next day or two so stay tuned for
that
obviously I missed Wolfie Junior and
Prince but I think I think I might even
fly all my mom or something just to
bring the dogs up here because seriously
like I've missed cuddling with these
guys at night and they're ridiculously
cute fluffy even though sometimes Prince
you bite my hand I want you guys here so
I will be heading back to Ottawa in AI I
cannot give a date yet I don't know
exactly when Sylvia is going home
tomorrow because she has a bunch of
stuff to do but I am gonna be staying
here a lot of stuff going on so just
stay tuned for that but I think my uber
is here right now so we kind of go down
the stairs so guys I just got out of the
uber and you won't believe what happened
the girl who drove me her name was
precious and she actually looked like
precious from the movie that like
Gabourey Sidibe or whatever the
actresses name it was so trippy so I
might have actually just been driven by
precious that's pretty cool some bad
news guys we got back to this and
somebody clogged my toilet like I don't
know who it was but it's not my poop
okay it's not my poopoo clogged the
toilet so it is absolutely disgusting
it's so clogged I don't want to show you
guys it cuz of age restriction but there
is no plunger that we can find in the
house right now so we're literally
looking up we're googling how to unclog
a toilet without a plunger one thing is
like hot water and soap it should break
up the poop there's like another one
which is like clothes hanger so I'm
gonna go see if we got any clothes
hangers it smells in here so bad
no not that one we need one that you can
like they're all wooden guys we need one
that you can like bend around the metal
one there's no metal ones in this closet
what a flop
my ass all right so we're gonna keep
looking around and probably gonna go get
some dish soap from upstairs and try
that
all right guys do you want a metal pole
he's gonna try and unclog the toilet I'm
not gonna show you what it's like I've
never but it is bad so just keep jabbing
nothings in there okay before you start
waving that thing around in the toilet
so that didn't work Oh can't leave that
in the vend√©e let's go get a plunger oh
good
yo guys now that I live with the cloud
house and everything I bought water for
it I bought them a suitcase I'm about to
buy them deodorant and toilet paper
because these guys don't buy anything
for themselves so imma be the daddy
Wolfie that I am you guys know me I'm
the dad and I'm gonna make sure
everything is good at their house okay
children no no you guys I didn't do it I
didn't do it didn't do it I just was
thrown yeah I promise you guys I know I
got blamed in face house New York but yo
on a serious note there's no plungers on
this wall also this toilet so that might
be forever these are the essentials so
we got a plunger we got toilet paper I
know we got toilet bowl cleaner the
order in toothpaste post-it notes
because don't worry about that yet water
to drink this to do something with and
then Frasier got that as well because
the house is running low on chips guys
woke me up and I had any better work for
a minute yeah PG PG no age restriction
and last but not least this bag because
I'm coming I'm not coming home
wolfram for the first day ever in my
whole life we're shopping but I'm not
shopping
what is Shawn doing over there oh I
didn't even get a belt no banks got a
belt he bought me a belt and now Alyssa
and her friend Vivian are going off
shopping I'm not trying to shop at all
but I told him I'd come along for the
ride because no halfway drop some news I
had to leave the shopping trip because
I'm going to an event with Sylvia right
now there's some big things that Sylvia
is working on so I gotta look fly you
guys know any time I'm going to any
event it would be a shame if I did not
throw this on right now and this on
right now so I'm in like the ultimate
beast mode got my bear Gamow bell
looking good I really don't know how to
dress up like crazy I would never like
wear a suit or anything like that I'm
like more street style so I got my
outfit Sylvia's got her outfit and I'm
bringing my charger in the car because
I'm I don't know like something about LA
I mean I think it might be the air or
something but it just drains my phone
battery my phone is always below 10% for
some reason so gonna bring this pop it
in the over and then I might be that guy
at the event in the corner charging my
phone guys look at this beautiful event
you know it's BH Cosmetics we got a
little Kiki thing here me and Sylvia
grab drinks because that's obviously the
first thing we're gonna do when we get
here I do not know anybody here
literally I'm not a beauty blogger I'm
just a blogger I'm just a vlogger and no
one I know is here so imma stick beside
Sylvia all night here Sylvia's
is that concealer that's a liquid
foundation I'm stressed
DIY men she's at this place they have
vanilla they have Nutella and he got
these little cups to put it in and then
they got all the toppings
guys I made a DIY chocolate Reese's
Oreo sandwich I don't want to die but
I'm at some makeup event so Yolo here so
guys we're leaving the event right now
and the girl insisted on giving me a bag
full of makeup so now I have a huge bag
full of makeup if you're a girl and you
watch my stuff all my girl wolf em hit
the like button comment down below I'll
be giving it away because I don't need
it
Sylvia has a bag she doesn't need it in
by the way she's eating like all these
gummy bears now the frozen yogurt is too
runny or something so just it's a make
up event and Soviet just wanted the
candy so she got that I got my stuff
free makeup we're going back to the
Airbnb so I'm gonna order food because
you guys know life hacks with Wolfie
order food when you're on your way back
so it gets there when you get back all
right guys we're ending the night off
watching some narcos we are almost done
the show Sylvia goes home in the morning
so we're trying to pound out as many
episodes as possible all my stuff my
stuff is all I'm not wearing pants I
literally just took them off ever like
the past couple of nights I've been
falling asleep because I've been so
exhausted going out and vlogging all day
I come home and literally ko and what
I'm wearing like I'm still wearing
clothes
I'm nowhere yeah I don't know I'm just
too lazy to take these off these pants
have buttons on them and I'm gonna find
a tailor ASAP and get these replaced
with a zipper cuz I hate these old um
anyways guys I'm gonna end the vlog off
there because like I always say I have
to be up and Adam for tomorrow's vlog
it's got to be super lit I have to take
care of this Airbnb when Sylvia leaves
and she keeps zooming in I hope you
enjoyed this vlog we did a bunch if you
did make sure to go smash that like
button I'm thinking about pranking a
bunch of guys in the clubhouse because I
feel like I haven't pranked them enough
and and my prank sense is tingling so if
you want to see that smash the like
button comment down below prank the
cloud house if you want to see that and
I will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay a little bit more savage
and lemme channel hey dad's always a
Savage
