my god welcome back to Wolfie guys we
are back in LA for another day I hope
everyone watching this video is having
an amazing fantastic damn I love you
guys so much thank you for coming back
every day supporting your boy Wolfie
with the views the likes everything I
appreciate it so much if you have not
already smash the like button go down
and hit that like button right now hurry
up whooping go go go go go cool did you
did you get it boom okay bless today we
are not using the zoom camera I'm just
using my old vlogging camera because you
might be one of the migos concert and I
don't feel like having like a huge
camera with me where like order that but
you guys still rock with your sandwich
so first step we got to get in the
Hoover what are you guys doing we're
going to be ghost guys yeah this is like
my uber is like bro bro get around let's
go guys we're going to migos right now I
don't think we have time to go in the
house but it's gonna be super late like
I told you I'm vlogging on this camera
today who's throwing out supreme I'm
stressed I lied guys we're not taking
over we're taking this drop top piece of
poop piece of poop funny funny funny
guys we're starting the day off really
bad I got a little bur because I was
kind of in a rush and basically I lost
my iPhone charger and I left it in the
car and not only just like a regular one
but you know how they have like the one
meter and then the three meter ones like
six feet basically the really long ones
that everyone loves because the short
ones are kind of garbage guys I took TL
my charge is gone but shoutout to me con
for getting a stage faster than me goes
it should be
Hart's gonna kill us today
anyways I never try that at home
never try that at home we're live we
yeah yeah that's it thank you so much
taking about art is a beast
we literally chased down the bridge we
got the charger got him daddy guys we
just found tie to the creator and his
McLaren right now on the way this guy's
literally trying to chase some tyler
faze rain increases tyler the creator
one-on-one race and you know it's him
because we know he likes MacLaren's if
you don't know how he likes MacLaren's
watch this young successful is brunch
let's see if we can spot Tyler the
Creator hi guys we just pulled up squad
pulling in hot the other girl let us
insane because she was a fan of you yeah
yeah she's like oh my god go ahead
lonely nighttime people i watch them i
do i love econ schouten econ and then
it's gonna be lit these wristbands are
the ones that you cannot undo once you
put them up and art you played yourself
circulation what really yeah wolf we but
I hate right look hike you hate rides
but I do love meeting fans so that right
there the bungee jump will be doing that
you couldn't pay me unlimited money too
I'll watch you and then guys if I don't
go on the rides I'm gonna let them go on
the rides and I'll give them my camera
so you can share the experience of it
I'm not going on that that's good all
right here we go
let's eat it I want to see the school
knowing my luck the bungee cord is gonna
break up yeah that's why I'm not going
on all right guys so things are getting
a little bit hectic here there's like a
lot of fan shout it's all the wool fan
that camp
I didn't even tweet about it I didn't
Instagram about it but like this is if
you remember the fair that I went to in
Ottawa this is like that fair on roids
there is like minimum 50 times the
amount of people here so I've taken like
40 billion pictures so far and now we're
just gonna try and find unlimited games
because apparently we can play like
unlimited arcade games with this
bracelet so let's get it I already found
my first game ball Ryan if you were here
the prizes are wolves apparently they
have squished in the net so pretty much
you have to get a perfect swish if you
want to win it's a scam t where's Nick
do we get to use it for free with the
wristband Kayode make you play for me
yeah this guy's gonna get me the wolf
right here one shot Oh arts gonna play
too much
oh really that's the way you have to
make it you have to like there's no
other way
watch this kid just instantly if he gets
it all running Duncan I'll delete my
channel I'll run and if he hits you you
have to jump jump in then done
okay it's on you grow I'll double vlog
if you win it you take yeah oh yeah
let's get here with the supreme kicks
the loose change I think you got one
more yeah yeah two more shots two more
shots that wasn't fair
oh one more one more one more one more
buzzer beater looking at us next time
next time next time you know we're going
in the two notes you have to get
installed you just made it better you
just made it
oh my god yo yo yo guys this is hot we
got a weird is so creepy we made it
recon would be a terrible father if this
guy got a fish he's giving it away in
two seconds this guy's giving away his
fish first name or last name poncho
you're supposed to take him to me goes
bro so me making art are about to go on
this like little thing right here I'm
scared of heights but I went skiing and
snowboarding in the past this one is not
like stable yeah you guys are one two
three stand on one Hart missed us
alright we're out here yo a few of the
bay bro come behind that guys I'm scared
of heights but we out here going over
the whole fair right now oh my god it's
not guys I'm gonna enjoy my date now are
these guys actually trying to sell hot
tubs at the fair what are you doing no
one wants a hard to let the fair come on
you don't hit you with a family out
there you're going to have more here all
right now you might want to kitchen
counter oh come on
alright guys so we skip the entire line
to go on this right look at this the
line goes all the way
we don't have anything we're gonna get
on this one every single one oh my god
alright guys so we're not exactly 400
people we got this spot this is like
pretty damn close to the front there is
like a bunch of seats way up there we're
in like some VIP area which is good
because we get to go all the way over
there all the way over there pick
whatever C we want now we're just
waiting for me goes to come on
huevo let's take a pic with me bro okay
take a pic of me
yeah Darrell is trippin the hell out
it's guy was about to be lit speaker's
this blue Oh
Snickers oh good I'm gonna be stretched
we came here we went on rides you didn't
want to go on just for this we're here
for our we're here for our yes I mean
it's not really being this fall but
hopefully the sound guys
but I got my grave Oh glasses on the
article
first song of the night you guys already
know teams
Hey
I don't know buddy sugar I know guys
look at the mask I'm wearing right now
this is Sam peppers weird mask I know
but this is what's what it's come down
to guys we had to cover goofy though it
was way too many fans we had to leave I
needed a toilets for the mascot mascot
mascot now we had to go kissed but like
it was just crazy so we had to cover
it's nothing but animals over here yeah
this is a farm so wrong way wrong way
wrong way let's go this way back up if
your wolf an aha good girl what is going
on right now what are you trying to get
milked just crazy first one a name with
this what animal this is wins both are
getting this is this is a goat
that's a sheep right there Bo we want is
a piglet hello well you guys that is a
turtle right there not believe it or not
is a turtle well you got he's getting
out right now good boy or girl whatever
you
day two of the vlogs guys today we are
starting the day off by watching some
narcos and I'm waiting for the guy to
come and cut my hair again I know I just
got my hair cut like a few days ago but
one of the life hacks that I live by I
mean if you're a light skinned it's
different and if you're black it's
different because we sometimes grow that
nappy hair really quick and we always
need it faded so the light pack I go by
is get your hair cut pretty much like
once a week and you'll always feel fresh
you'll always feel good I think I'm
gonna keep the length on the top just
try something new just cuz I've been
doing in the same haircut over and over
and over again and I'm gonna get rid of
the sides I'm just gonna fade it up line
it up and we'll see how it looks after
that also later on today we have a
special guest coming into the vlog you
guys have never seen them in the vlog
but just know comment down below who you
think it is it is two people actually
technically three people one of them's
very little the guy might be a light
skinned there might be a girl involved
and there might be one other person they
live in LA I don't know if you guys know
who I'm talking about by now what
they're popping and mean so we are gonna
go head over to their house later on but
just for now I gotta look fresh because
I could not be going to their house look
like a ratchet me and so via just had to
do a quick clean of the Airbnb I folded
up all my clothes cuz it was looking
like the show to be honest even put my
shoes on the wall so the guy doesn't
think I'm crazy my bags over here we put
the couch there we've wiped the table
huh it's still a little messy I'm gonna
be honest but it's a lot better than it
was before you guys thought I was lying
peep the haircut inside the base shut
shortcuts they're hooking me up right
now
Terrell's got the blades he's gonna give
me the freshest kind of life so I can
look good going to the dinner tonight
let's get it what did I tell you guys
what did I tell you guys look at this
haircut are you kidding me this bait is
dumb crazy
your boys faded up there's out the
lineup now and now we're ready to start
the day because I didn't want to leave
the house until I looked I mean bearable
to the public and I look fresh what do
you think all right girlfriend she loves
it this is sweet
let's get it best barber in the business
right here yeah geez what's your
Instagram bro pj underscore
800k eggs okay I'll put it on the screen
TJ underscore hooker he hook ya boy up
that's nicely him that's him wolf him if
you have not already you need to do this
right now I'll be DMing a bunch of
people who do this go to my Instagram
which is at Wolfie if you don't already
probably boy follow me right now at
Wolfie right there prop it up with the
screen here here here here here and
DoubleTap all my pictures if you guys
DoubleTap this one this one and this one
and comment spam on these ones I will be
following and DMing a bunch you guys who
do again guys if you have not liked
those pics what are you doing you played
yourself boom boom boom one two three
doubles have this double tap this double
tap this comment and I will be following
and DMing a bunch of guys who do that
because I love my active followers
anyways we do not do no days off you
guys already know what it is I'll be
back in a sec so I'm halfway through my
workout I just want in the sauna for a
bit I was doing crunches and stuff in
the Sun I was feeling really good but my
dude Zion will not stop facetiming me
this guy literally misses me so much so
I'm about to FaceTime back and see what
he's saying
answer me bow if he curves me I'll slap
him Oh guys he's carrying me right now
even though he called me like six times
whatever Zion I didn't want to talk to
you anyways bro you want to curb me one
more time bro curb me one more time and
see what happens bro I'm never
supporting pretty much again if I pulled
you closer I would I would mind okay
I wouldn't mind I wouldn't even I'd push
you off me don't ever FaceTime me again
I gotta put some clothes on hold on guys
much much better goddamn boy the breath
let's go see what whip mitch has today
true true true true Q what the heck pull
up in our re swerve I need a drink oh
that's high-tech I need to start this
bad boy out it's probably really quiet
yeah that's too quiet
pull up to door swerve meet a bitch in
the Lambo skirt we're about to go get a
smoothie my phone almost dropped out of
my pocket let's get it so guys we don't
know where we're going but we got a
father of a gal there they're gonna
follow us I was gonna follow you I don't
know what we're going we're on some GTA
mission guys well follow that whip don't
lose them in the Lambo I don't think
we're gonna lose them yeah they should
be afraid of so we just pulled up to
this place called quench after a hard
workout and the sauna you guys know I'm
gonna need my smoothie so we pulled up
in there re swerve and now I'm looking
at the menu like this this is not
Booster Juice you guys know I know my
booster booster I don't know wench I
might go with a protein one but I also
might go with a green blend uh no see
guys look at this cleaning system they
have this is so loud so you can see
there's fresh fruits and vegetables
the nikan No
what is that what is that what is that
doing no no what is that Oh
so the worst possible thing just
happened to me I'm pretty sure with uber
once the uber actually gets to your
destination like when they just came to
pick me up the girl flopped on me
because as soon as they arrived at you
they see where you're going and she was
like how far you going and I was like I
don't know it's like 30 40 minutes away
but I got like a dinner to be at and
she's like oh it's too far it's too far
so she cancelled on me so now I have to
wait for another uber I'm kind of
stressed because that's that's very like
whack I think my other goobers just
pulling up right now
but now your boy might be late but I'm
mad I'm mad no wonder that girl's rating
was so garbage Jesus that's why so we
are on route to dinner now let's get it
alright guys so we just got to the
location you already know what it is I
don't know if you commented earlier who
you thought we were going to see but put
it this way we are going to see everyone
right here Sylvia's with their best
friend
Elle Austin right here him for bringing
us over here hazel and we got the lovely
lady beautiful right here you wanna say
hi hi wolf Pam say hi comment hi in the
comments down below anyways Austin's
about to take me somewhere I don't know
where but I will catch you guys up in
like two seconds let's get it just took
me on his golf bag look at the golf car
guys for going on a golf cart when you
got two other wits which you drive the
golf cart faze rug I'll see you in a few
days but just know I don't need to come
to your house anymore because I have my
golf cart now let's get it
alright guys so watch this guy's and the
speaker we gotta go on the road
we lost the camera we lost the camera
did it go in here bro this videos how to
stop YouTube 101 right here do you
actually lose it it's faded videos we
need to watch out from these bumps this
is so scary guys hold here for a second
bro
guys you know if I moved to LA I'm gonna
get one of these and I'm gonna park in
the spot and I'm not sorry I can't I
can't I can't go in there
I can't go in there I can't go in there
I can't go in there
I buy too much Gucci where I can't do it
bad influence about it all right we're
going in guys with the wide-angle lens
look at this view of Topanga mall they
got everything up here down here down
here down here but Austin's gonna take
me to go get his signature food with
this girl fries and Jamba Juice luckily
I like Booster Juice you guys know that
so I'll probably like know I've had
Jamba Juice like a few times actually so
I like that and fries like I've never
really had those in my life so Late Late
we'll see about those because I'm
students maybe is photographer yo yeah
yeah just make sure to pay me that money
I've never made a YouTube video to meet
up yeah hey you know banks you heard
that they're coming to meet up you'll
see us this is my vlog yeah yeah yeah
you're in the flock she knows who I am
thank God okay
hey I love you so much thank you you
want flash on look at how much powder
this dude threw all my fries but what do
you say look at this guys we got the
ranch going on and every bite I take
goal effusive
I'm powdered up but I look like a jerk
we both don't know after this bro
that's so good the king of YouTube right
here the king of you her DIY God wolf
and followed ey I got that his name be
why I got all right do it yourself oh I
get it I wish I was like this man god
damn it so I just realized we don't have
seat belts we're on our way back I
really don't want to die this time so
look at this we got handles on the
ceiling for all those bumps that we're
about to go over oh oh
so that's re good I'm gonna jump up
you've been gone for so long look who's
calling
oh why he was Carly's the call we gotta
hurry up let's get it look at these
lovebirds oh my god goals goals goals
yeah yeah Sylvia why can't we be more
like this all the time well you never
asked I always asked you I literally
always ask you I'm leo
when's the big day she's mad she's mad
do that again bro you know what rookie
city is but yeah one more time for the
blog BAM your boy will be is so what's
the question is once you upload a video
to YouTube are you still able to
customize your thumbs now okay
listen because listen listen hey it's
called a thumbnail there's no s on it
and B I'm the clickbait god so yeah you
can a billion times I'm gonna teach them
how to do it guys this is Ali
these guys have millions of subscribers
they don't know how to change the
thumbnail yeah we don't
yeah our thumbnails are blurry but we
get we give you something for now for
now for now wait to the channel Fabio
good luck I'll teach you guys it's okay
seriously though cuz they get what you
upload they give you lose one of those
no no no no no K we measure we have a
thumbs no I'm sick dogs don't like the
one we choose are we able to reach use
it athlete upload yeah male sorry guys
so this is what YouTube is you can
change it you can change the billion oh
you want to redo it to where what he
does
we'll be back alright guys so you know
that Sylvia loves kids she's been
wanting kids since day one I tried
distracting her with puppies forever I
got two puppies for her like very
special puppies that cost a billion
dollars but now we have a kid here we
got el you guys Noel of Ace family this
is the start she loves the camera so
basically we're gonna have a test right
now we're gonna see if we'd be good with
kids if L cries when when she comes to
me we can't get kids no if she cries
when she comes to both of us we can't
have kids
but if she cries when when only one no
no
you know then we then will think of our
kids in the future in the future I'm not
saying any time timeframes okay ready
Austin who's first we got to sit down on
the couch you guys my god no no my turn
my turn so that's one I don't know I
tried so much I think girls just have
like a connection grow I mean you're a
girl group anyways guys our next episode
well actually try and get L to love me I
don't know we got it we got to move to
LA this is Ellis first not first but one
of many dance lessons apparently she's
like some crazy dancer this one she's
one she's standing she can like he tried
robbing my wallet here we go literally
what song you gonna play she has a
favorite song
I haven't see this oh you ready you
ready what we're gonna put on don't put
on your favorite song I play 10 seconds
of a because this category no way
she's a crimp in wait hey geez all right
wolf lamb so we are leaving Austin and
Catherine's house right now just said
bye to Elle Elle still doesn't like me
but it's a learning process like that
just means that we're gonna have to see
Austin and Katherine a lot more because
we're part of the ACE family now that
was so fun they are literally the dopest
people ever there's a lot of people that
are not how they are on cam off cam and
put it this way they're like the most
genuine people I've ever met so show it
to them expect videos with them in the
future or at me just chilling with them
in the future probably even this week
it's dope anyways I'll catch you guys
back at the Airbnb do you like L of
course guys they have the smartest one
year old and she loved me we became best
yeah yeah parent Sofia got along yes me
and her I try to get along she didn't
really like me but they have the cutest
baby I've ever seen in my life she was
so good yeah me and reviving over the
dancing but anything other than that
like it's gonna take some time
she knows the girl anyways it's gonna
start rambling about how you guys
probably already know probably part of
the Hayes family
I will see you guys back at the Airbnb
in three two one yeah we back in Airbnb
yeah already noted this and I completely
forgot that I have like a bunch of
meetings lined up tomorrow I have a
meeting at 9:00 a.m. guys 9:00 a.m.
haven't even been waking up at 9:00 a.m.
since I got to LA so that's gonna be a
struggle for your boy Wolfie but you
already know I have to watch narcos
before I go to sleep because it's so
addicting me and Silvia watch like three
or four episodes yesterday pop and show
have to finish narcos ASAP so we can
move on to the next show so I'm gonna
end the vlog off there I will leave all
the link to the ace family stuff down in
the description go subscribe to them
comments spam on all their stuff
tell them wolf fam is spreading the love
there I'm sure you guys already know who
they are
Austin and Katherine and
l cannot forget about all super dope
people expect more stuff with them in
the future
smash the like button if you like back
collab and we will bring more to this
channel cuz you already know what it is
I love the travel love to meet new
people it's gonna be awesome Wolfhound
I'm super excited about it and last but
not least comment down below
wolf M if you made it to the very end of
the video that's WOL F for the most
savage people on the internet and I will
be commenting back to a bunch of guys to
do that and I will see you guys soon
armor wolf where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always new merch is almost out let's get
it stay savage psycho
