so this is what we oh my god he's gonna
good morning hey yo what's good we're
wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
another day another beautiful la vlog
you already know what it is your boy is
headed off to the boys right now for the
morning we're gonna figure out some
litte stuff to do during the day smash
the like button if you haven't already
I'll give you guys five seconds today
we're gonna do it with our nose
let's go wolf fam five four three two
boom hit that like button I'm gonna
teach you guys a heavy life hack if you
are from the state that means you have
post mates one of the life hacks I
always like to do is order my uber and
order my food at the same time so that
when I arrive at their house my food is
pretty much almost there and you guys
already know comment down below if you
know what I'm gonna eat I've been eating
the same thing because it's so available
here in LA here in the States we eaten
Chipotle so right now guys I'm in the
Ober we're pulling up to the boys house
and I just checked my post mates time
and pretty much the life hacked word
guys as soon as I get there my Chipotle
should be waiting hot and fresh ready
for me to devour when I get there but
also big news this camera that I got is
such a dope camera that we are gonna be
using it today for some special stuff
basically if you guys saw when I was at
that location and I couldn't tell you
much about it with banks the other day
there's some crazy stuff happening in
the next week there's gonna be a pop-up
shop and everything I'm gonna be there
rice is gonna be there banks is gonna be
there rugs gonna be there Alyssa's gonna
be there everyone's gonna be there and
my camera this this this beautiful thing
right here is gonna be taking some shot
for the event so hopefully it does its
job of being a dope camera but let's
look at this food
never been so happy in my life Cheers
mm-hmm I feel like an Instagram tumblr
kid right now guys look at this view
what is going on do you guys ever wonder
what the cloud house looks like from a
down below wide-angle view
prepare to be trippy no red yo let's go
these guys are takin forever no bags no
rice thank God
hurry up yo you sure you can fit back
there bro I don't know I'm taking apart
I think we have a full car today guys I
think we have like five guys nee cons
like 611 it comes like seven feet I'm
six five you know Frasier you are you
six feet okay when all the guys are six
foot rice is like six six one banks is
like six five so we're gonna have a fun
ride have you ever driven in LA before
yeah of course okay thank God no more oh
yeah are you good are you good
oh great so eggy today and we tee off
it's coming two outs not coming there's
no space for two up okay bro you guys
are gonna be squeezing you know this is
how I'm driving right now I could not be
any more
baby there what are we listening to are
we good it's blast don't work well
should be able to whip right now guys
all right let's get it so we actually
made it here alive guys shout out to
nikan for driving i'm about to take one
of the way Vyas Instagram pics I've ever
taken in my life I will pop it up on the
screen right here I need all my wolf fam
to go DoubleTap that pick like the hell
out of it and comment down below the
flame emojis these ones because I will
be damming a shitload of you guys that
do because this is really big
so you guys deserve something so this is
what we oh my god he's done this is what
we're looking at this was nothing there
was nothing on the walls but you know
Hollywood
you guys have probably seen banks video
it's supposed to be a less than this
supposed to be banks dude this is your
dude 360 let me see what you're wearing
oh okay I see that let's get it
that's so crazy I'm about to take a pic
and guys shut up to coin slot for doing
all the harder around here he killed it
Oh bro you got a 21 savage side no way
flow like water so I'm going mainstream
flow like water song going mainstream
alright guys we just finished up at this
location it is fire I cannot wait for
you guys to see this rice cones doing
squats right now
but right around the corner is round two
if you guys don't know around to is it's
like a clothing store we went there the
other day and apparently they got like
new stuff I don't want to shop I'm not
in the mood to shop but when someone
tells me there's some cool items I have
to see them for myself so that's where
we're headed I just got to get my wallet
guys literally trash get you a crew that
you can rock your kicks with we got off
white Nike off white Nike zebras Yeezys
more zebras and off weight alright guys
so we're having a fan meetup for races
having a meet-up in the store right now
unplanned good bro everyone's wearing
these supreme Louie shirts like it's
just again like regular hanging so many
height befit me I want that
it's not me no it is not me let me get a
well-done eggs English an egg on that
said okay I have one that could be said
well steak looking ahead right now sort
of rushing home I'm about to trawl them
Oh a nice be so good right now Ross the
horn for no reason
oh my god oh my god so good like I said
guys there is no days off you don't take
days off when there's a gym in the house
getting the workout on and we're about
to go into sauna for like half an hour
I'm trying to sweat out everything I've
eaten everything I've drank for like the
past couple of days because we're trying
to get this LA Fitness life I feel good
just as I'm saying that you could take
my word for that
I didn't order pizza this is mine built
it everywhere somebody Saturday night
date night we got the lovebirds here my
girls here but my boyfriend is right
here guys I didn't come for Sylvia yeah
yeah I can't make Frazer be a third
wheel are you guys gonna hop on the
train thanks for goddes camera let's
roll back yeah one sec bro we're gonna
go get his camera and then we're gonna
take over the Grove right right shut up
all right guys so basically we came in
here we run like some double date with
some weird wingman here now I'm joking
he's with us you can't film in here okay
we're waiting on banks Melissa and then
I can't film in the store so I'll do you
guys want to leave this there I'm just
trying to vlog as I'm just trying to
vlog all right guys so because this is a
wide-angle lens they cannot see that I'm
vlogging right now on the escalator I'm
gonna keep trying to update you guys but
that girl is not having it she was not
having so I'm gonna not want me on the
camera then too many people are looking
at me so I'm just gonna try and find
underwear as quick as possible
now when guys when you're shopping for
men's underwear there's a few factors
you want to look for you want durability
and most importantly it's got to absorb
the sweat I know those ones I want to
get the ones that have pockets for my
lipstick and that you can't see me in
camo it is guys they say you know I've
been in LA for too long I'm not even
shopping for clothes right now
I'm literally shopping for essentials I
need toothpaste I need all this stuff
and the next thing I'm getting is socks
cuz like low key all my socks are dirty
I sell them wash them cuz I didn't
expect to stay for this long so I'm
across socks I spent so much on
underwear shot to Sylvia for buy them
cuz I forgot my wallet and I don't know
what I'm gonna get next possibly shampoo
guys the day finally came it's been a
rough day the first time I got rejected
for asking for wine I literally just
wanted to wind down the day like every
seventeen-year-old would the girl
rejected my ID so now everyone is gonna
have wine except me
I'm gonna have to drink it in front of
Jim yeah I'm up here to sludge with side
like yeah you might feel slimy is it Joe
can we start with you photo for two
seconds that's not a race car for two
seconds yeah your batteries
anyways guys I just want my wine but my
ID got rejected so how did sneak any
wine lifehack works every time get
cranked alright guys so basically we're
out for dinner but I've been getting
along with a list a lot more than Sylvia
so I think me and Alyssa are gonna start
dating and banks and date Sylvia cuz I
don't really care so here on that note
we're dating now now we're going for
those expectations vs. reality
Sylvia X clubhouse with the logo
Sylvia's riding around on the scooter
guys I showed her the scooter and now
look at this here come around look at
this you can see everything this is why
the angle guys I probably look super far
away with the cameras right here
Sylvia's going off on a scooter
this is wavy and this is like the
smoothest scooter you can ever write
like there's no sound it's so satisfying
to write just because of how smooth it
is
slow down grab the wall here that's the
fun I'll take this no look at this guys
look at this POV if you like Tanner Foxx
geez oh my god I'm coming back
take the camera yeah
we're ready to fly over this drop
outside we just take the elevator skirt
or I'm gonna try a trick you're gonna
hate hit your ankles my brother can do
better tricks okay
that's literally what my brother does
jumps up with it and that hurt my wrist
my wrist is over after that guys I'm
done the feeling of a scooter he
literally lower thing relatable we are
about to do a late-night mission from
this cloud house you guys already know
the Clair house is lit but we're about
to do a late-night mission me and Sylvia
we just went out for a bit it was lit
and it is very very late right now but
we got a mission back to the other air
B&B because half my stuff was there the
only like main things I have here right
now are all of my new underwear that I
just bought and a few other things but a
lot of my main stuff is there so if I
want to go turn up tomorrow because
apparently me goes even though I've seen
like me goes perform a billion times I
love all of their songs culture gang you
already know what it is if I want to
have a chance at going to see them your
boy needs to sleep and your boy needs to
look fresh because I cannot pull up to
me goes looking like a bum no LeBron
James Donald Trump types so in about two
seconds watch because we're in a vlog I
can do magic and we're just gonna
teleport back to the other air be a big
and just like that we are in the Messi
Airbnb that we left off guys this thing
has gone to trash there's clothes
everywhere in that corner we got burgers
and stuff over here blankets boxes like
what is even going on I don't even want
to show you what's upstairs but just
know it is very very very heavy
very bad very bad it's like we already
moved into this friggin place but yeah
I'm gonna end the vlog off there I
really hope you guys have been enjoying
these la vlogs
I've been trying super hard to keep up
to keep this content coming guys and I'm
just trying to go out everyday and do
some fun stuff for you guys obviously I
want to do fun stuff but it is mmm but a
lot of it is for you guys because I want
to make sure you guys are having fun
so definitely expect some new cool
content in the future what I'm gonna be
trying to do here is gonna be super lit
obviously I'm gonna keep up with the
main channel videos so I hope you guys
are with that smash the like button if
you are enjoying these la vlogs and I
will keep them coming I just never go
back to Canada comment down below who
you want me to collab with because if
I'm gonna be out here I'm gonna need a
lot more people than just gang to collab
with and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay just a little
bit more savage of my main channel and
as always I love you guys so much space
savage Lego
