I don't know if you guys know what the
issues are but if you guys smash the
like button I am going to give you
what's good in you let's get at your boy
Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie host
mates is gonna be here in five minutes
beautiful day outside Silvia is using
the blow-dryer up there I don't know if
you can hear me because it's so damn
loud how's it going guys I hope everyone
is having an amazing day out there you
boys just woke up and I actually did
wake up pretty early today but you know
how we always start off the vlog so say
it with me like gang some mash that like
button let's see how many likes we can
get in 10 seconds hurry up we'll fam
hurry up today I want you guys to smash
it with your elbow ready go go go go hit
that like one with your elbow hit that
like button with your elbow first things
first I love this new camera it's a
little bit heavy in my hand but I am
getting used to it still but the zooms
are incredible so I'm gonna stick with
it but one thing that I found is the
problem with this camera is basically I
got it in like a bundle deal so I got
the camera and the lens together and the
girls said oh it's an amazing deal
you're gonna save money in the long run
and the lens is dope that it comes with
and I agreed that lens is dope that it
comes with but I think it could be a
little bit just a little bit wider
lengths okay I like wide angle lenses if
you guys don't know what a wide angle
lens is basically if I put the camera
here and i zoom it all the way out this
is as much as you can see of me but I
want you to see more going on around me
so first stop of the day is we are going
to a camera store never been to this
camera store but basically I've heard
it's like the henries of LA called
Sammy's to go see if they got a
wide-angle lens but this post makes guy
has got a hurry up bro you've been
sitting on the same spot for like 35
minutes now I need my coffee hurry up
okay guys so apparently he should be
here right now let's see if we can see
him is he out here I do not see him so
why are you lying to me post mate why
are you lying to me post mate right -
it's a long Rob why are you riding a
bike post mates aquired let's go Oh
Sammy jeez guys we're walking down the
boulevard and look who I see my main man
ex ex I love
bro but you're acting weird on me stop
acting weird on me bro
the drones here are dumb big what the
hell drones on drones time to go up to
the third floor so this is the lens I
think we're gonna go with guys it's
really really wide so guys I just
purchased the new lens from Sammy's
basically I'm gonna show you the
difference basically I'm using a
wide-angle lens but this one I just got
as an ultra wide-angle so it is
ridiculously wide the zoom is not as
good but it's like something you've
gotta sacrifice because I don't feel
like holding the camera here forever
okay my forearms not as strong as you
case you guys that so watch the
difference in three two one - this
wide-angle lens oh my god ok I gotta get
my work guys this is definitely gonna be
taking some getting used to because this
is ridiculous
you could literally make it like this
guys we're in a car and this is what I'm
seeing right now like I can zoom in
still I can still kind of zoom in but
holy this is crazy guys I'm like so
close to you but I'm so far at the same
time so let's have fun with this guys we
just skrt skrt it up to Beverly Hills -
just enjoy a nice day outside today I
don't know I'm just gonna be outside
pretty much all day today no pretty much
my dogs I on love you dog but yeah we're
here we're just uh we're out Silvia
hasn't got a chance to go shopping I
know I've had a lot of chances to go
shopping but because Silvia and I'm just
gonna enjoy the day with her and we pull
up tutor swerve here cut out Rohan you
guys I started this off wait leave what
is Sofia looking for why do I see
stripes in this section why is there why
is there W to see for Wolfie guys I'll
tell you that oh no no no no what have I
done what have I done what have I done
what have I done what have I done she's
going off she's gonna house I've never
actually seen off wait for girls but
like they got some pretty swaggy friggin
things here what though the jacket we
know
no no not arts and crafts shoes
relationshipgoals
scuffed up gucci black shoes and white
classic gucci is there to be on the
right guys Silvia is literally a walking
combo right now there's a walking number
one right now coat and fries all you
need is a burger those those are add
bottoms
she's crazy she's crazy she's crazy when
you shop with your girlfriend you can
expect to sit in the chair for hours
guys luckily these chairs are my comfy
because I've been sitting here for so
long you like them you gonna get all
right let me know so I absolutely played
myself and I left my laptop at the boys
house and I need to upload a video so
you're watching the blog I posted
yesterday which is this vlog it's
probably gonna be going up late and now
you know why why it's going up so late
because I need my laptop to upload the
videos so now I'm headed out to go get
it oh thank god
thank God the computer dreams is here
you guys I cannot flew hopefully we get
this on time low key panicking but
honestly the uber came here so damn
quick so I think we might still be good
to upload on like a regular schedule ish
not to regular house is very quiet right
now don't know where everyone is but
we're gonna mess with some people in a
bit so on today's episode of Wolfie
teaching dogs how to sit without Paris
in Paris
do you know how to sit can we teach you
doesn't notice it okay I don't have a
treat with me but sit all right banks is
gonna teach them this bad boy oh yeah
good boy guys if this is not the cutest
$25,000 I've ever seen in my damn life
you cost more than school you cost more
than everything but it's all good you
know what Paris from one bar to another
there you go oh okay now don't get
scared it's just Gucci ready it's just
Gucci it's just Gucci no get scared it's
just Gucci get the baby you don't like
designer you're gonna like it soon oh
yeah there you go
take it coming face bears yeah come on
good boy boy
eat all your treats this dog is too much
guys this dog is too damn much this is
my daily fix when I don't have my two
dogs
I got a result of taking bangs and this
is dog because it's too damn cute hey
Paris you want you want the Gucci shoe
here take the shoe
take the shoe I know my dogs like this
Milo feet do you like it sit there sit
okay so maybe what baby will do better
next time I write Perry's coming you're
so cute yes I'm Kayla Demi Thanks place
comes now right now I'm Michael
Frankie's room hold up
guys I'm in race comes room
how should i prank him guys I need to
prank grace I might steal his supreme
chair in a Wonderbread should I steal a
supreme chair what should I do guys
comment down below this race always
leaves his door open and I want to prank
him really bad so comment down below
what prank I should do on race I think
the supreme chair so guys the worst news
ever happened to me right now literally
I've been waiting for post minutes are
probably like I don't even know I'd say
like an hour and a half and the guy
brings me a cup without any liquid like
I ordered lemonade I was so amped to
have the lemonade I was so excited like
I don't even care about the food this
guy pulls up just gives me a cup in the
bag he's like yo here you go bro and the
way he said it I was just like you know
what I don't even think you forgot
anything and then I came inside saw the
cup in the bag and I'm a whole days
ruined literally mood-killer
I'm think you could give me the lemonade
bro what the hell I want this so now I
had to DIY I fill it up with my water
throw some ice in it because it's
lukewarm it's not the same
wolf am you already know what time it is
again it is that gym time because we do
not take days off whether we're on
vacation whether we're in LA it doesn't
even matter so let's get it here we go
I'm sorry I know any good trainer would
tell you do not stand in front of a
mirror when you workout because if you
keep looking for like these little
improvements for some people it's a good
thing for but for a lot of people like
they don't see improvement so it D
motivates them but for me this mirror is
my best friend right now I'm literally
dying I'm sweating we got to keep it up
guys if you're with me at home stick
into your fitness pan let's get it I
love you love yourself hmm which one do
I want to go in after a workout a sauna
what do I want to go in my own steam
room options options options I do not
know I'm one of the strong the last time
so I'm gonna go in the steam room for
like 10 minutes and I'll update you guys
when I get out of here but let's see it
steam up cuz why not
now this is what I'm talking about see
you guys in a bit
oh my god I'm dead all right guys so we
are continuing yesterday's vlog on to
today basically last night what happened
is we went to go get food and then
randomly we showed up to Chantal
Jeffrey's birthday party I don't know
how we got there but banks and Alyssa
just took me there so we went there it
was super lit honestly I got pretty turd
last night I'm not even gonna lie guys
last night was kind of a blur I remember
going to that store and then after that
we went to this one like club or
something
and I shit you not at the pre-party
Kylie Jenner pulled up friggin Kylie
Jenner phlaser out your bad I know
you're bad but that happened and then at
the club I don't know a hundred percent
but I'm like 99.9% sure that like I
caught eye contact with LeBron James
somehow this is the crazy stuff that
happens when you're in LA because this
would never happen in Ottawa but yeah
we're at the club I'm walking by and I
see this guy wearing a hoodie he's got
like a beard and he's got like glasses
on in the club and I'm like yo who is
this tall dude and then it clicked and I
was like oh my god that's friggin LeBron
James so that happened last night and
last night was so wild that I ended up
finding a little violets vlog camera in
my friggin bag this is not my book it's
Alyssa so I'm going back to that house
to return it and Bank says there's a
surprise that showed up for me at the
house as well so I'm looking forward to
that but all day today I was editing so
that's why I'm combining the two vlogs
but it's gonna be super lit so let's get
it
this wide-angle lens on the street I'm
doing like a huge giveaway wolf am so I
don't know if you guys know what the
issues are the red Octobers but if you
guys smash the like button I am going to
give these away
these are worn by rice come himself
giving it away do it bro okay so guys
match the like button and and comment
down below cloak gang and you could win
these this is not a scam this is not a
scam guys this is 100% legit and if
you're lucky I might give you the Green
human races and
and you get these ones so if you guys
like Nike if you like off weight
whatever you want smash the like button
and you could win it's not a scam I
promise I am reached you boys eh guys
guess what just came into math today cuz
some kind in the mail today
yeah boy even though I'm in Cali right
now I had to order some shoes guys
there's been some specific shoes that
like I haven't been able to find
anywhere that I've wanted for so damn
long and the only place that I could
find them where I know everything is
legit you guys know I love my goat act
so shout out to goat because that's the
only place I can get them on so I
ordered a bunch of shoes I ordered some
for me and I ordered some for Sylvia too
I'm gonna surprise her with some shoes
because you know I'm a good boyfriend
but we are going to see what actually
came in the mail today hopefully they're
ones for me and not Sylvia if you guys
don't know what go is basically well I
mean first of all there's a goat on the
front you could buy you can resell
whatever you need to do with your shoes
and obviously for me as the biggest
height beast on YouTube recently into
the shoe game I've been finding some
certain shoes so we got a nike box first
let's see what we got in here hi m HD I
don't know if you guys know what these
are but I got my shattered backboards
these ones honestly I got inspiration
from banks wearing these banks wears
these a lot and I was like you know
these are kind of hype and bro eyewear
Yeezys and stuff too much and I want to
switch it up I do not have any pairs
like these but I'm going to try to
collect some of these I also ordered the
off-white ones
so hopefully the off-white ones coming
soon they might even be in this box
right next to me because that would be
dope I need those I need those ever
since I saw them come out I've been
feeding those and goats goats the only
place I can get them so we got these
kicks H set these kids guys and then in
the second box there might actually be
two pairs of kicks it's such a big box
so we'll put this box right to the side
because I know it's a little cringe but
I do not collect the boxes how are they
care about the boxes so we got those and
then we have another big big box right
here and guys I love this lens you can
fit so much look at look at how wide I
can make this lens right now look at how
wide I can make this lens I look so
small on this frame but look at how wide
this lens is in
I'm suing in just two just a tad so you
can see a little better but yeah we're
gonna check the second box out go what
do you got for me this is like low key
if you like of gambling because I don't
know what's in these this could be both
of Silvia's pairs of shoes
your Christmas cut it let's see what we
got in here oh my god
it's one box why is this box the biggest
parts of ever seen in my life
I do not know why but we're about to
find out
Jesus oh my god I think I know what it
is I think I know what it is this might
be the most hipster Wolfie you guys have
ever seen in your life
because yeah it is it is I'm trying to
be a little bit hipster I'm trying to
switch the game up and I have been
feigning these shoes I had to get them
used so the box a little bit beat up as
you can see but the condition should
have been perfect we got more Easy's but
not regularly zzzz
I am aged oh my how are these even used
like these look brand-new what is going
on are you kidding me man this is why
goats the real MVP guys these are the
newest shoes ever but I got them used so
whoever I don't know if they clean them
we got these we got these let me put
these rains aside by other ones and they
even come with foam so you know I can
like technically like soundproof my room
if I want and obviously you know they
are approved and verified that's how I
know they're real I cannot wait till the
other kicks come in cuz honestly guys
like I said I've been feeding them so
Sylvia still doesn't know what she's
getting but hopefully it should be here
in the next couple of days but yeah
these are the two we got today I can't
hear you okay I can hear you now I love
these I made some nice guys I found a
missing picture of last night and this
pretty much sums up my night right here
this is how gone I was this is this
picture and this picture this one's kind
of cute this one's kind of cute but I am
a god oh my god wow these are the only
memories I got guys he's the only
memories I got okay all right guys so
basically I don't know if you've heard
or not but bad baby
aka Daniel Virgo Lee aka day has just
dropped a new song now I reacted to her
last song these ho X as of this day when
I'm filming this we still don't know
what she was trying to spell I really
don't know but I told you I was gonna
come in your head talk Danielle so I'm
gonna react to your new song this one is
called high bish slash what you know so
I'm assuming there's probably too
songs in one on some duration without
further ado let's get right into a guy's
smash the like button because you love
these reactions here we go four million
views in like a day and a half this
girl's popping wholly on some courtroom
stuff the judge looks like J Cole Malfoy
Danielle's in court this beat is
disgusting I have to give that to her
hi bitch jeez okay Oh Mike ko
I don't know if she came up with this
but this is kind of live but she's
obsessed with those signs please stop
please stop
likkle sponsorship what's it on Melrose
hold on hold on hold on let me go back
to the head-shrinking that I'd live
right there you guys got to pay
attention to the ad-libs listen to the
ad-libs this she said but it on Melrose
okay all right I'll look here what the
windows tinted that's good okay change
up the scenery ko this beat actually
goes to dumb bird I can't believe this
in the club yeah yeah
imagine Drake comes in please do not
look at the Rolly
jeez Jesus girls about to get frigging
married okay that's a little creepy
this guy's creepy yourself oh the
Porsche doe high horse white horse white
horse okay we're gonna switch this song
up of course where is this one take
place outfits switch what you know by
the way guys her name is bad baby
not bad Barbie I know a lot of you guys
probably think her name is bad Barbie
but I will correct I will correct you
guys her name is bad baby but I don't
know why every titles Danielle per
goalie is bad baby I know I should spell
bitch that way for sure
age restriction and she's like Loki like
15 or 16
trap house what do you know about it
what do you know about it
Danielle I'm gonna stop you there for
cars I kind of know about some money I
know a bit about a little bit of money
not your kind of money because that
catch me outside money's ridiculous but
trap house you don't even know about it
this beats also filthy okay okay
coat let me rewind those bars I think
she's trying to confess something not
quite sure but listen closely send me to
a d-daddy
fatty I'm daddy I'm daddy wolfy add me
on PSN but anyways I think she confessed
something there this is just a
conspiracy theory though I don't know
Danielle you might have just said
something
a million relax
geez pile it okay of course Doan Doan Oh
on some candidate what she nobody this
beat is dirty and the music video is
pretty damn simple to be honest just her
oh my god that's a death stare editing
on whoa I'll give you that Danielle
honestly from these hoes to this one
there is a lot of improvement I will
give Danielle like a 9 out of 10 for
that to be honest because coming from
someone who's just starting to wrap that
first song went hard as the second song
was a little less catchy but it was
still hard like whoever made those beats
does it save in the description because
that was kind of Ronnie J produced by
Ronnie Jake sure Ronnie J then because
that was hard as hell yeah honestly guys
I want to hate I literally every bone in
my body wants to hey even after Danielle
didn't even put me in her vid but at the
same time I gotta pay some respect that
was that was fired that was heat so a
guys I need to make a meme I really need
a meme of me I don't know what it is yet
we're gonna look for it in the next
couple of weeks but I will find a mean
because I need to get on that and then I
need to start my rap game up Wolfie raps
I mean I have
the name but I don't even rap so like
what's going on then like that's so
weird anyways guys I'm gonna end the
vlog off there because it is late and I
gotta be up early because this la life
is crazy smash the like button if you
enjoyed the vlog smash like button if
you enjoy the reaction smash the like
button and I'll never go back to Canada
if you made it to the very end of the
vlog comment down below
wolf em and I will see you guys soon are
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage than my main channel and as
always what you know about it foreign
cars what you know about it
