sweetheart came back
are me
good morning a yo what's the to werewolf
B welcome back to some more wolfy guys
again we are waking up in the beautiful
Los Angeles where it is very warm very
hot very beautiful outside and you guys
know as soon as I wake up here guys I
just feel good refreshed the only thing
I obviously could run out here is Prince
and wolfy jr. because I wish I could see
them like running around these streets
this would be dope as hell and all the
dogs out here just like super well
behaved so I feel like if Prince and
wolfy jr. came out here they would learn
how to be a real dog because right now
for some reason they still bark at
anybody who walks by and try to bite
them anyways we're starting the day off
with a morning workout with the shades
on you know what it is you guys know
every time put these shades fine I'm
already feeling like a rock star I'm
feeling like quavo
or anyone else amigos but mainly quavo
so anyways guys smash the like button if
you're excited for another blog let's go
see what the boys are up to so guys
we're in the gym right now I'm with rug
rug what are you up to you bro honestly
I'm just smashing that like button oh
look at this smashing that like button
so he's smashing I like button Tiwa what
are you doing bro what are you doing
right now this is the like button no
it's mr. Cleveland's very own over here
you know what are you doing bro okay
guys so as you can see everyone in this
morning is smashing that like button and
we're actually hitting our guns it's a
gun run I'm gonna try and get as these
as possible until my foe or fuck fuck
gets here what I'll hit you guys up in a
bit yeah
if you hit a bull's eye I'll give you my
channel you can have my hell Channel
yeah yeah alright so not even on the
board oh oh that was close that's like a
20 that is a 20 no triple 20 no double
20 or anything
okay now pass it if I pass it now if I
hit one from this point of view oh this
is with then I get the whole everyone
sale in the house I'm stressed I was
ah I'm stressed guys it was really hard
to do well filming so guys I played
myself I didn't get a big bowl to eat
this delicious
I got everything here with him you're
amazing thank you so much
reading is gonna fucking
stop moving stop moving stop moving
we're still we're still in this one
to clean those up this is the crew that
I'm rolling with today look at Banks's
backpack and his shirt look at rugs
backpack in his shirt I have to wear a
backpack in a shirt now so guys we are
out here on Melrose I cannot tell you
what's going down because it's
super-secret there's a lot of coming
yeah yeah there's a lot coming down in
the next couple of months so you guys
will see it all banks will explain
pretty much everything just know that
there's gonna be some crazy stuff and
there's gonna be some fans feeling super
special and I might be part of it it's
late
nothing better than a matte black with
there's ridiculous amounts of babe they
got the supreme fanny pack oh my god
with the Gucci that's gonna look hard
and then shorts I've been looking for
these everywhere but I don't think I'm
gonna get any of them low-key I'm not
gonna get anything all a splash back but
apparently they Gargan the supreme
time on melrose like it is shopping we
got this kid we got banks going off a
list is not shopping no rugs not
shopping so guys the other day we went
to go get food on that corner
this guy gave us free ice cream and now
riggan Banks is coughing the ice cream
from the shop yeah fire oh my god is
that Alyssa violated banks oh my god
okay
anyways guys we're done for the day we
were just out pretty much all day banks
had to do yeah it was pretty fun banks
had to do some stuff we stopped at a few
stores it wasn't anything crazy but now
I think we're going back to the base so
I'll catch you guys in like two seconds
finally back at our Airbnb guys I think
me and Philly are about to go on a walk
it's a beautiful day our beautiful night
out in LA literally don't even know
where we're gonna go but I just know
that there's a bunch of Lights in that
general direction so I think we're just
gonna follow the lights and see where
that takes us we might go see a movie
tonight kind of sketched out about
seeing movies after seeing the movie it
apparently there's a movie out right now
called mother and it's even crazier than
it so we might have to go check that out
but that movie is so bad that apparently
Jennifer Lawrence who acted in it was
like tripping out and she would have to
like take breaks and like watch happy
shows while she was filming it that's
just what I heard and also some people
have told me they watched the movie and
it was like a good movie but they like
we're screwed up for like days and days
after they watched it so I don't quite
know if we're gonna see that maybe we'll
see like a comedy so I you know I can go
to bed tonight but the Airbnb is still
looking fresh there's a bunch of stuff
like so he has food and everything
scattered here got a bunch of bags here
Silvia's new bag is right here and then
we got the clothes hanging here because
I don't know if the dryers broken or
something but I've been here a long time
in LA so I probably need to wash my
clothes let's go
geez never change I don't want to die
guys but literally I mean look at this
DIY ice cream no is it weird that I only
like chocolate and stuff in my in my ice
cream guys like Philly you can tell a
lot about a person from the ice cream
they eat and I'm only like chocolate
Twix Kit Kat give me all the chocolate
and I hate putting like gummy bears in
it and like gummy worms and anything
sour and any fruit I'm not that type of
guy chocolate all the way with vanilla
ice cream what do you guys like in your
ice cream do you like Reese's peanut
butter cups like Oreos are you one of
these guys insert alert
the streets
nice watching our swagger
yeah
most suited up for this fall
she's a beast
we're gamers girls guys okay you guys
all the time
we're guys I play this all the time in
my life
I literally bounced into an abyss
okay this next game basically you have
to whack the ball super hard to get
hipster spin all the way around so I'm
gonna get a head start aim the green
light how do I pull back
I didn't know it was polite ought it was
push I'm gonna do one more it says pull
but I'm gonna hit it
how can you hit it any harder I
literally spoke to his hands Oh
guys I did not expect to come to Dave &
Buster's but I saw it on the way home
after ice cream and what's better than
after ice cream and some skee-ball and
still be a thing doesn't even order play
you have to hit it on there
oh I'm gonna do
this reminds me of the site their game
in Pokemon Stadium watch this
Pokemon Stadium
we have one away you warming up I'm
warming up a warning up
right again I'm losing all the points
guys I'm a gambler
that's right I like Sofia
and so I haven't updated the blog when
your boy is coming in a heart with all
the killers Oh
guys this is what we're playing on it's
so fun you can figure that tradition
I don't know how to show you guys this
game thinking it's so insane but just
like
I can't complain
she went one hand look at this here we
go
Oh
so you guys are co-creating I'm trying
to play the one hand this is hard
oh god I'll be back they said it was
impossible
we love America
people were here and they left but we
beat it - repeat an arcade game take the
damn thing out
hit an infant
guys there's one chance out of all these
and she hit another in time
hey balloons popping
these tickets hang here guys
they bring us every turkey back
are me
fuck
they don't call me Tom Brady for nothing
guys I'm so cheese I was just able to
play this game this is the world's
biggest drinking claw game but ugly just
fun to get in my head
except look
the game is temporary and unavailable
then you're coming
look at these guys that's so much
because they knew the DIY shiny guy was
gonna come I wanted to win that big dog
or whatever that is in the backyard
looks like we're just gonna have to play
koi fish don't worry Ryan I'm gonna win
you necklace Liam
get in my zone
Claudine lien I'm gonna go for this gold
watch because that's like the one that's
like on inside
we're gonna catch the Restless one
anything out to 5-under honey mm
okay guys so we just finished that dave
and buster's didn't expect to go there
literally I just came to go get ice
cream here and throw a little walk but I
just wanted to tell you guys it was
modest they're like I thought me and
Sylvia were cashing out when she won
like multiple frigging insta pops and
everything we were getting like five
hundred five hundred tickets at once
blah blah this that no that's not how it
is because to get an Xbox to put this in
perspective it is a hundred thousand
tickets and we were there for like an
hour and a half so just do the math or
to get Ray Bans was even like forty
thousand I just stepped on a sound but
these are the prizes we did win other
prizes we picked candy so you got a
candy had to get the classic teddy bear
from Dave & Buster's
and what else did we get a hand massager
guys this thing's lit literally you
could just click it and you can massage
now it's buzzing on my hand I made so
those are the prizes we take I got one
more we got one more oh yeah we got
invisible ink this is for pranks guys
how cool is this
I might spray it on someone's easy as
they're gonna freak out so those are the
prizes we got now we're probably just
gonna over back to the Airbnb and I am
friggin hungry I don't know about you
guys watching the vlog but if you if you
watch me when you eat or if you don't
watch me will you eat but your boy is
about to go get some food postmates sit
over to the frigging Airbnb because I
don't feel like walking anymore and this
look at the view of the boulevard of
dreams jeez let's go guys tell me this
is not a freshest hoodie you've ever
seen in your life even though I ordered
like so much purpose to emerge forever
ago when me and Sylvia rel I saw it at
H&M and I had to copy right before they
closed there was like five minutes left
so now I'm decked out and even more
purpose to her mercy because I got to
support my favorite artists of all time
just be reality oddities please drop
more music I love your stuff so damn
much right now I'm waiting on Sylvia to
come back I made her go get the post
mates because I'm a savage and I don't
go get the post match let's see if she's
I just had a heart attack cuz so if it
walked in literally right as high open
the door
holy guys look every action let's see if
she's anyways guys okay wolf Pam so you
just finished watching a bit of TV
finished a series we finished Ozark on
TV it's been lit it's taking us forever
to get through it because literally I
always end up passing on it like halfway
through the episode but we completed it
okay so we're on to the next show thing
we're probably gonna watch the narcos
next it's very late though so I think
I'm gonna head to bed because I need to
get up early I've been sleeping in these
past couple days in LA and I'm and I'm
not trying to sleep in all these days
because I'm not actually I might be in
LA forever but for now at least I can't
be doing that I gotta be still living
that tourist life trying to get as much
cool stuff done during the day as
possible and when I wake up late I can't
be doing that so I'm gonna go hit the
hay right now I pass out if you guys are
watching this at night time then you
guys should probably go to bed too
okay be responsible wake up early in the
morning go to school do whatever you do
in the morning tweet at me a million
times they're in class because we're
always savage like that smash the like
button most importantly and I will see
you guys soon on more Wolfie where we
stay a little bit more savage than my
main channel and as always stay savage I
know
