the girl has told her why she was
married good morning AOS due to poor
wolfie welcome back tomorrow I beat my
voice is still gone from Vegas but we
are feeling litter than ever today got
Silvia on the couch I'm going with her
I'm going with her to an event tonight
so I gotta look fresh I've been holding
off getting my hair cut for like the
past couple days but apparently there's
like the service where you can get your
hair cut deliver it to your house so
right now I'm gonna head to the boys
house ain't get them to freaking cut my
hair in the comfort of my own home I'm
aged because we got that in Ottawa it
was dope itself but you guys already
know what it is go down and smash the
like button if you have not already
because we have a light gang but let's
get into the day it's late
yeah target
what the hell will hell is everyone here
one day
guys how goals is this I'm about to get
my hair cut overlooking the Hollywood
Hills right here oh my god
I'm age I'm age this is much better than
regular barbershop to be honest but yo
we got to wake some people up because
it's like 3 o'clock and nobody is awake
so you already know what it is
cam oh I'm getting a haircut you're like
2 minutes ago but I had to say what's
good to my boy voice Mary Kay what are
we doing today I don't know we can do
whatever you want
don't say shopping I know we're not
gonna know shopping today but once I get
my hair cut down guys we're gonna figure
it I promise it's gonna be a lid your
boy just got a fresh cut oh my god shots
a shortcut judge so my main dude Victor
the best barber in LA he hooked it up
guys what's your Instagram bro for sake
I'm absolutely a sexy as fuck now like
literally I can go out to the event with
Silvia got my hair cut overlooking the
hills so now time to go see what the
rest of the house is doing let's get it
guys this is what I come downstairs to
rug you're getting her cut this is rugs
first like actual feet so if it messes
up you blame it on me but yo my shit
looks like so as soon as I've done this
race is gonna get a cut and I'm gonna
humbly take over the game so ultimately
sijin rugs not gonna get a cut like you
can't change it up on his on his voice
first try Friday's let's go
twice alright first try Friday second
try Tuesday's out the window we're not
doing okay guys so race is back at the
crib he came back from Vegas and I got
on the present last night and
yesterday's vlog you guys remember that
you know the president banks doesn't
know what it is I'm gonna go get with
you have your eyes closed okay right I
know you've been looking in like
decorate your room and nobody just nice
to meet you so I got you another
accessory for your room I got you the
supreme shovel that finally yeah yeah
yeah it was actually it was actually
hooked up away no way fans going to me
to be like retail pricing so I don't you
pay that much bread that's always an
actual that's absolutely fine
oh I'll throw you sure there bro now we
can hide our dead bodies and swag yeah
yeah yeah so now like when I kill Paris
and London night we can dig them up bro
what
and then I love the dogs guys who never
do anything to dogs oh there's the sly
dog
hey somebody pulls off active and silly
weather girl fans come then our friends
roses of get them in trouble can I look
at this dream on the back right here
no right I'm a top right I've never
known thank you that is supreme shovel
what's being in banks I got you in
tomorrow's vlog I got surprised in the
house I'm trying to get into Club gay
guys it's really crazy
you just hang on the wall but make sure
you can take it off let's go okay what
if you get ice cream what are you gonna
do it well if it was like oh I feel like
eating ice cream and I was like if we
get ice cream - I'll eat it with this
show it is supreme shovel hopefully the
fans didn't draw it no bank stop talking
about your pubes yeah well get in the
car bro yeah come in the car they get
here they get here no they can't do Bert
guys why is that remember when he has a
matching backpack what the hell eyes are
so what you serious come on wait what
so you know how we got kicked out of
Best Buy yesterday
these are kicked out of target not Nara
Nara we pulled up we were supposed to go
into target and do a bunch of stuff but
now because we're in such a big group
and everyone has cameras we cannot go
back and target and it's all because of
Shawn this guy right here he screwed it
up for everyone I wanted we're literally
every employees worst nightmare walking
in with a bike how many cameras do we
have like I didn't even bring my new I
already do there's gonna be some okay
and he's got another one and rice has
got one too so kind of bait but let's go
let's go to summons we are currently in
target I have to be quiet because
everyone just got kicked out but rug is
like picking up like old girls with
banks and me and getting like secondhand
cringe I'll try get a shot for you guys
but there's literally security following
us in everywhere right now guys I'm a
good friend and I know rug is not having
the best time so I'm gonna give him
flowers to give to the girls the girl
just told her why she was married so
guys we just finished shooting the video
full thing's gonna be on Banks's channel
his idea crazy but you know overall rod
didn't work yes or it kind of for one of
them perhaps the so outside of my
comfort zone like I want to do more
stuff like this but then again I don't
you don't I mean you know yeah yeah
this type of stuff is like so Creek like
you don't I'm so calm he was filming it
I couldn't even get close to me and rice
or like on the other strange thing and
the dude seriously props the rug like
props I'm down pro you got to teach me
some of your skills bride look you need
those he said that's a $10,000 Rolex and
only did okay your rice Supreme that's
my paper guys right there date with the
boys guys these are my family I love
them
that I just tell myself a bit better but
you're excited you're getting wings yes
course I'm hungry I'm still getting
rejected a billion times there's only
one thing that can bend you
we got swings let's get it that will
work guys we just finished playing and
then we play the credit card game as
soon as you're done eating and mr.
rugrat himself lost bro how does it feel
to lose the credit a game that's that's
like my 10th time playing my first time
2017 no this is supposed to work out
your abs right what will Pham kickflip
200,000 like all right wolf am so right
now your boy is just kicking back in his
room tonight I'm staying at the cloud
house instead of the Airbnb because your
boy is just trying to feel it out you
feel me plus I've realized that you got
to be here very early in the morning
otherwise you might get left out of what
happens during the day like everyone is
super spontaneous here and if you want
to film a lot of bangers all the way
through the day you have to be up early
so people just went to bed but I don't
really care hit the like button if
you're Savin you stay awake when you're
not supposed to go to bed and you're
just on your phone all the time because
it's kind of let your boy was like yo I
haven't done a Q&A and the wolf fam
probably has like a billion questions to
ask you boy so obviously I owe you guys
my wolf fam who I love so much by the
way there's like literally a few hats
left on Wolfie raps calm so go caught
them and as soon as you sell them out
then the whole next wave is launching so
I know a lot of people have been
wondering well the merch I just answered
a question earlier okay I
should've got into that but yeah I owe
it to you guys to just fill you in on
what's poppin in your boy's life because
it's been very fast pace lately so let's
just hop into questions let's get it
first question is do you ever plan on
going on tour very very good question
and yes
I've actually thought about going on
tour I just don't know who I would be
going on tour with like if it would be
like a full team a boat or it would be
like a solo tour or if I would just go
with like one person that's not fully
decided but I've definitely thought
about it and that would be dope because
I'd get to meet so many freaking fans
I'd get to do whatever onstage maybe
maybe rap or something maybe bring some
of that back some distress on stage you
feel me but being on tour would be crazy
and even if I don't go on my tour in the
very very near future I am gonna go on
tour eventually and I'm gonna be on
someone else's tour so just keep your
eyes peeled for that special guest
Wolfie Club gang or team elbow is the
next question and to this question all I
have to say is club gang when I'm in LA
t-mobile when I'm in back home Ottawa
Ontario actually clothes gang auntie my
widest I love the boat okay I love them
both actually you know what Ryan you've
been trash-talking me lately dog-team
elbow diss track coming on your head
50,000 likes it smash it like one right
now because Ryan you want to play kids
you think I don't play games too okay
you think I don't play games I'm gonna
play games we can play games right I got
games bro you got games on your phone
you got games on your phone I don't but
I can make games I could download apps
and we can play games and this bed is
fully made guys I don't even make it see
that's that's the thing about this this
Chloe house my beds made for me Sylvia
you don't make our bed like that
actually I'm just joking Sylvia's in LA
- you guys know that next question when
is the new merch dropping and this one
has a bunch of likes because it's
probably a billion people wondering when
the numerous is dropping guys I did not
expect it to be held up there's been
some stuff happening behind the scenes
obviously I want to get you guys as much
merch as possible it's just too hot okay
it's like it's like the Mego song -
Scotty 2 hotty the merch is too hot
people want it it just got sold out like
that so this is like exclusive exclusive
marriage okay because it's it's big dope
stuff you see a boy
rocking all this this one's off wait but
I have pretty much the same one with
on the back is so fresh and obviously
I'm not gonna sell stuff that isn't like
top top-of-the-line quality that's
absolute flames that I won't wear so I
can't help I can't help the fact that
they got sold out so easily but this
will never happen again once it drops
again it's gonna permanently be there
wolf em you're gonna be able to get it
whenever you want wherever you want you
to get it for your mom and dad grandma
grandma sister whatever your kids you
get it for your puppy I will make sure
of it being up permanently because I'm
just gonna have a bunch of stock to the
point where I can just have billions of
my car at all times
and throw them out to any wolf m.i.c cuz
that would be dope so yeah the new merch
is coming out new merch and the next
they've emerged very very soon so get
ready wolf tree outside comments late
why do you look like Jason Jordan
actually to be honest Jason Jordan looks
like me
okay I don't even look like okay I would
be lying if I said I don't look like him
I definitely look like him but I'm his
daddy so you go to that Jason Durden
Jason's daughter Jordan Jordan Jordan
that I'm his daddy even though you
probably messed me up from the ring
maybe I should join wrestling honestly
we could be like the dynamic duo Rey
Mysterio look in that but Jason order
looks like me okay next uestion survey
are you good bro circle one yes no my
answer is or
here are you planning on collaborating
more now that you're in LA 1 billion
percent yes being in Ottawa is super
tough because like the only people that
do youtube I like the people that are
super close to me like we all came up on
YouTube together and we've been
collaborating so like it's not like
collabs are new to me but I also would
not just collab with someone just for
the hell of collabing like obviously I
if I don't fight with them I don't vibe
with them so I would have to really vibe
with them too regardless of if they had
like a million or like two hundred
thousand subs if I think that we click
obviously I'm gonna collab with them if
I got the chance and there's a lot more
opportunities now that I'm in LA right
now I'm technically in LA right now
don't know how long I'll be here for but
yeah collabs are dope so for shizzle my
nizzle not a question join club hang
already when did you get a join Club
game when are you gonna move into the
CRO game that's the cloud husband sure
are you moving to LA to be part of the
club gang are you thinking about moving
into the cloud gang house club gang
cocaine this cloud getting that
obviously I knew this question was gonna
be asked because
I come to LA I'm always here so all I
have to say is what the hell was that I
I meant to say the answer is what the
hell I don't know what the hell's going
on with the screen the answer that I'm
just trying to tell you is am i moving
into the cloud gang house am I gonna
join cloud gang obviously the answer is
okay you know what if the enemy wants to
screw me over guys I can't answer the
question okay but on a serious note I
might I might not all I know right now
is that I am I'm in LA for a while and I
would need to know like I know I asked
on one of my main channel videos like a
while back get 200,000 likes and I will
move into the cloud house unless you see
inside like two hundred and seventy
thousand likes so I don't know I'm here
right now
Sylvia's here and now she's visiting I
do not know right now I'm very unsure
about how long I'm gonna stay because
everything is depending on one another
thing but right now I'm just bobbing
having a good time kick it back and
relax and you feel the pain Oh with
everybody in the house everyone in the
house is super dope everyone's unique
love everyone in the house obviously I
miss all of albo at home I miss
principal V jr. I miss my family but I'm
really bored of Ottawa I'm just
extremely bored of Ottawa guys I can't
even front so right now I'm just living
life having fun I hope you guys are like
enjoying these vlogs because I'm really
having fun with these vlogs too just
changing it up completely from what I
regularly do and it's not because what
Wolfie you changed up on us bro you're
to LA bro you went Hollywood no I'm
having fun and I hope you're having fun
with me because wolf and we just do
whatever we want sometimes we go to
Vegas I wish I could have logged more in
Vegas with Vegas was absolutely
modernist who knows next month I could
be like in Texas or whatever I don't
know where I'm gonna be but just know
that I'm having fun and I will have an
answer for that question very Bam Bam
Bam and very soon very hands-on so stay
tuned keep watching the videos subscribe
if you're not if you're watching this
video and you're not some fag you played
yourself anyways guys I'm gonna end the
video off there because this bed is
literally calling my name
I mean look look it's literally calling
my name yes I'm coming to bed and
literally coming to bed no I told you 10
minutes that aint funny five minutes
okay can you give me one more minute
please hey Ivan
okay stop it right we talked about this
okay I'll jump on you right now Loki
almost broke the back anyways guys smash
the like button if you enjoyed this
video get ready for another banger
coming on your head table guys I'm
exhausted right now comment down below
shut up bed actually don't come on that
because that age restriction could like
I don't know CPM is a bit low and that
could mess me I'm just comment hi I love
you bet I love you bed and I'll be
liking a bunch of comments to say I love
you bed because that way I know that you
made it to the very end of the vlog and
you're true lawyer well back feel me and
I will see you guys soon I'm more wool
feet where we stay a little bit more
Savage on my main channel and as always
stay savage like oh please
