Jenna no we cast Oh guys you catch those
guys we just witnessed the car accident
right here good morning a yoga teacher
boy wolfy welcome back to more wolfy
guys right now we are about to leave the
city of chaos the city of hell we're
leaving Las Vegas right now it's been a
wild two days enough partying literally
I've had enough partying for the year so
it's back to grind season if you guys
are excited for another vlog smash the
like button I will give you guys a sneak
peek of what happened if you guys follow
my snapchat my Instagram story basically
we went to the club the only reason we
came to Vegas was for summer because
we're good friends
turned up we basically had a booth last
night we were sitting like front row at
David Guetta insane Nate Diaz pulled up
but that's all I'm gonna say because if
you guys don't follow my snapchat which
is boom wolf for your apps and boom my
Instagram Wolfie if you don't follow
that then you played yourself but
today's gonna be a fun day we're going
back to the crib my girlfriend gets in
town I might go kick with Xion so expect
a lit blog today I hope you guys are
having an amazing day
let's get it so guys there's two things
I have to say to you a if you gamble
first of all gamble responsibly but then
again you shouldn't be gambling in the
first place I'm not a gambler I don't
spend any money I came to Vegas to party
and for summer and with the boys I did
not come to gamble but B I played myself
look at this as you guys can see this
135 bucks last night randomly the only
money I put down all day I put down 20
bucks last night literally twenty
dollars hit one slot machine and got a
hundred and thirty so I can claim this
but the problem with this one is I have
to go to another hotel to claim it and I
can't pick up the money here so now I
have 135 bucks floating here then I'm
just gonna have to claim we have to
leave right now I'm in a hoodie I'm
uncomfortable I just want to leave Las
Vegas at this point but just know that
now I have to come back because I have
to claim this so if you guys catch me in
Las Vegas again it's either because I'm
coming with rice or it's because I'm
claiming this ticket that's the only
reason you'll ever catch me out here
again
so for now Las Vegas Hard Rock Hotel
this guy's turning up throw Eagles these
guys are just trying to get some camera
time on that note I'll catch you guys in
a bit
okay scratch that guys I think we're
gonna go catch this out before we leave
because we need to pay for gas money we
lost over $100,000 this weekend so yeah
guys we actually pulled up to go cash
this in this is not a joke we need food
I should have donated it like literally
guys I would have been a good Samaritan
and donated it that's what I was
thinking of doing but then I was like
now we have no gas money so we can't get
back so we're gonna cash it out instead
of giving it to this lovely lady up here
sorry you don't get it this time
this is all hearts run again let's get
it guys look at this guy look at this
dude and all these people get my new
eyes away come on George you get it
actually getting home oh no we cashed Oh
guys we cast oh yeah let me see if these
guys want free money
 you guys it's how you get a
thumbnail in 2017 you guys want free
money he's just he stressed he stresses
justice yeah you guys want free money
hey free money oh
we're gone we're good you guys thought
it was a game alive even if I'm in Las
Vegas you boys feel you need to think
it's never changed guys never change
doesn't matter when you go to Vegas
doesn't matter when you go to LA oh
they're going to subway we're gonna go
to Subway but I got to stay loyal to my
beat oh my god guys
you know I had to do the bowl and shout
out to the two girls that just came down
and said what up and I was blogging just
there they saw me from upstairs and they
sprinted down didn't get their names but
there are super dope so shout-out to you
guys you know you are
alright guys we've been driving for
about two and a half hours so far we
just pulled up at a gas station
literally there's random weird noises
going on over there it sounds like a
gunshot let's hear it again I don't know
if you guys can hear that but yeah it's
creepy as hell look at this place right
here we got cafe 154 looks like a
deserted town gas station over here we
pulled up at this gas station I am not
gonna lie it don't feels too safe at
this gas station but we needed to get
gas otherwise we would not make it home
and the gun shot is still going off I
don't know what's going on okay if
there's a murder guys in the news
tomorrow you know I came from over this
hill what the hell is that what's going
on over here we're also probably just
gonna pick up some snacks from the store
and then we're gonna continue on but
yeah I Miss Ellie I'm already calling LA
my home like I've been here for a few
days but it's located in my home I miss
it I hate driving next time I go to
Vegas I'm just going to fly there's this
ridiculous Ryan
even on the road bro even on the road
among a diet
aged and low-key I'm gonna prank Sophia
I'm giving our present tonight or
tomorrow so I'm gonna just get her like
a keychain and tell her this is all
she's getting so she's super excited and
then give her her real present but we'll
see her reaction to this the rest of the
boys are not eating so healthy attitude
yeah I try to be a good influence guys I
have you know I'm trying
I hope my wolf am at home are trying
with me I hope you're sticking on that
diet plan getting DS because we get
these we're not supposed to get these we
get these during the winter and not
actually during the summer so it doesn't
really matter but stick to the diet plan
if you are on one and we're doing this
together
except for anxiety you're not on a diet
don't like and last but not least we
cannot forget the essentials got to get
the wd-40 and the automatic transmission
yeah every everybody needs wd-40
automatic combination conditioner let's
go guys we just witnessed the car
accident right here yes I have a title
to my blog now oh my god scraps of the
pole he hit the pulldown for he's
stressed
open the car pulls his check in his
right everyone's good guys but he is
stressed this front light is hanging and
well there's two guys he's dressed
he's running he's running away he's
coming he's coming so guys we're driving
on cruise control right now and if you
don't know the Range Rover Evoque has a
feature where it's like some safety
driving so basically art hasn't even
like the drive with his hands on the
wheel don't do this kids okay really bad
influence but we're just showing you the
features all right so no hands on the
wheel no hands on the on the gas of the
brake so we're gonna go up to a car and
the car should stop itself we're gonna
go to the foot of us with this
chart that note the next one like
directly in front of us so it's gonna
speed up and then the car automatically
stops this is the fun we have when we're
driving guys do not do this at home this
is an extremely unsafe but we're just
testing the features because we're
actually trying to make a car review
channel in the ER oh yeah that's yeah
good oh my god
no guys the car review channel will be
coming out in a few weeks if you're
interested all right guys so these fans
just rolled to the crib and they're
offering me a supreme shovel for like 60
bucks or some and there I usually
wouldn't get it but I know rice
I know rice is coming home in like two
days so I'm gonna surprise rice for this
supreme shovel because you just got like
a chair and I know he's trying to call
this oh no no wait well hey what those
two 20s and ten and two five well just
give you 120 that's my blind Oh magic
call me bro I just came up with 80
while she's driving by so slow and
sketchy open oh hey y'all got some cream
on sale sooo prime so guys we got back
and as you guys can see after buying a
supreme shovel I always like to end my
day with subway so I'm here with mr. CP
3p walk whatever his name is
we got K in the building we got rug in
the building you already know what it is
the whole squad pulled up we walked
about subway walk pass everyone to
Subway guys your boy is about to muck so
much food you have no idea guys after a
long Vegas ride all I can create is food
so you guys know how I always end it s
scary man I wonder what drink X gets
when he goes to go get a soda a lie hey
okay what the heck guys I don't even
know what to explain apparently there
was literally just an earthquake in LA I
felt this house shake I didn't know
there was an earthquake but then I got a
text from like three people saying there
was just a free an earthquake so your
boy just went through an earthquake home
sketch so anyways I'm gonna go to the
Airbnb hopefully everyone is okay I
don't know if it was like a shockwave or
if we got like aftermath or what
happened it only lasted for like a
couple seconds so I'm assuming it wasn't
that bad I guess we'll see on the news
but right now I'm gonna go head to the
Airbnb I have Sylvia's present down here
in this bag that I got to bring to her
we're meeting up with the Airbnb because
she just touched down in LA so time to
go see Bay sir I haven't seen it like a
week so let's get it
geez saying we got the wave es bachelor
pad in LA with the friggin little couch
here all white out with the TV oh my god
guys got chandelier on swag we got a
nice view Sylvia's calling me literally
right now cuz I think she just got here
hello you're here yeah I'm coming down
right now okay bye as you guys can see
Sylvia just pulled off two but quick
tour of the house basically we got the
kitchen here we got a bunch of stairs
going up as soon as you get up there
survey I'm sorry I'm coming I'm coming I
kinda got to show the wolf and the house
first this goes up into the bed which is
wavy and then we got a view right across
the street from a gym the guy just gave
me a tour of the crib here's a goon low
key so shout out to him but now time to
go downstairs go get Sylvia and oh guys
even got a bar and he's like yo you can
have
I'm not gonna take it but you've got
this to rock you already know what it is
shout out to you bro i'ma go I gotta go
get cilia guys Sylvia just pulled up she
got to LA I was about to say Vegas cuz
I'm still in the Vegas mindset but now
we can surprise her with a president so
here you go close your eyes close your
eyes okay hold on don't open your eyes
don't don't peek you guys here's your
present
open your hand there you go all right
there you go that's that's actually a
present never looking if you're looking
at closely
oh it's made out of real gold so you can
put it on your wallet there you go all
right well there you go we surprised
over you there present hey that's not
your present what are you doing that's
not your present
okay so that's your present and you
don't need the real present okay here's
the real present here we go let's see if
Sylvia likes it because this is coming
from the girl this is real that says
it's not real this is coming from the
girl it says get me whatever you want
and then I say well what do you want cuz
I don't know what you want that's why
like when I go shopping I never get her
stuff because I don't know what she
wants it she has a bunch of school kid
already you know what a surprise means
yes oh no you give me the okay to like
hate this if you don't like it okay
before you open it do you like my new
bag yeah you like my new bag what was
that you didn't seem too sure about it I
do okay so open your present then I
might close on the side so that's it oh
my god I don't
Louie Vuitton what could it be you're
actually not having an eternal okay
thank God I'm stressed like I wanted to
get something different because I saw
something different when we were in
Vegas but this is just what I saw in LA
yeah that blue ball always get stuck so
we're gonna have to get a knife which I
definitely know where they are in this
Airbnb not this you can sneak a peek but
you won't be able to open it all he has
is butter knives oh no he's got a whole
knife well he's aged knife will he is
aged is this a jagged one aged here
faster hey don't fight yourself ah let's
see if Sophia likes it okay unboxing
you're gonna be matching okay do you
like it or what what are you saying do
you even know what it is yeah but you
have why I sell so so why do you need
but it matches mine my just a backpack
if only I had this is it do you like it
yeah I love it
does it can you pick this over me yeah I
picked it up Wow I thought I was like
this one's kind of cool considering mine
swaggy so how you molded show them ie
strut your stuff that's how you hold it
or it's kind of swaggy yeah you gotta
get Instagram pics with this I still via
Gani at Wolfie like all our stuff double
tap we'll follow back alright guys so
there you go we're matching now and now
I can finally shower from the lawn of
Vegas Vegas beat me Vegas zero or one
Wolfie zero ok don't break the guys
couch literally we just got the Airbnb
ok don't break the guys jokes all right
buddy you saw you I didn't break your
couch you burger coach wolf fam peep
this view that we got going on right
here check this out
I just I pulled the blinds the wrong way
but hold on these blinds are so long I
feel like I'm breaking it when I'm
pulling this am I doing this right
oh it's there ok so that's the highest
we're gonna get it right there but yo
peep this view we got in a time in LA
check it out geez the city does not
sleep what the heck we got stuff going
on over here
oh god I love LA I gotta love LA man I'm
gonna do something different and I'm
gonna end my vlog
outside right now overlooking beautiful
El a Los Angeles because you know what
it is this is my city now Ottawa and put
you on hold for a bit cowboy I love you
guys come down visit me any any day
because I don't think I'm ever coming
back to be honest anyways guys if the
lighting wasn't out if the lighting
wasn't terrible out here I would
actually am I out here I think I'm gonna
end the vlog off there because tomorrow
is another early morning I'm trying to
make everyday and as productive as
possible tomorrow I think I'm meeting up
with rug in the morning I don't really
know we're gonna do yet but I'm gonna
head over back to the cloud house early
because we're all gonna be there for the
next few days so we're probably gonna
make some bangers I know rice gets back
from Vegas tomorrow so probably gonna
make some bangers with him as well
there's just a whole bunch going on so
if you guys are enjoying these la vlogs
and you want me to continue to do these
collabs and everything go down hit that
like button if you haven't already let's
hit 30,000 likes on this vlog comment
down below comment down below Savage if
you're a true Savage and you've been
with me since the very beginning even if
you haven't
welcome to the wolf am most savage
people in the world wolf your ass calm
there's literally a few hats left
ironical 24/7 if you want to be a mod
Mon like your boy Wolfie or a mod bug
gal go cop your hat Wolfie raps comm
right there on the screen go cop it and
I will see you guys soon on more Wolfie
where we stay just a little bit more
savage on my main channel and as always
stay savage mango
