ladies let me see good morning eh yo
what's good at your boy wolfy welcome
back to another vlog out here in LA guys
it's friggin beautiful outside today we
got the pool going off we got the duck
going off we got the Hollywood Hills
sign you feel me we got the hot tub -
jacuzzi
we got the fireplace BBQ sink okay I
don't really know what's so special
about the sink but today is another
beautiful day in LA so if you guys are
excited for another vlog for you boy
wolfy go down and some mash that like
button wolf fam let's see if we can hit
30,000 likes in the first 10 seconds of
you watching this vlog so if you have
not hit the like button already go down
and hit it with your elbow right now
hurry up got a few seconds five four
three two boom did you get the like
button okay then let's get it I really
don't ever think you could get bored of
this view like waking up to the hills
are you kidding me a little bit nicer
than what your boys waking up to an
Ottawa I try getting a view in Ottawa
but it's not this I told you guys there
was no days off in the gym when you have
a gym in your house you got a workout so
I'm hitting a quick workout I'm also
trying to get my hair cut rice is
working out we got K workin out knee
cons not working out at all this guy's
taking selfies and he actually said if I
get my hair cut first by this random
barber coming to the house that he'll do
it but I'm the I'm the experiment ah
let's hit the gym let's get it
my workout was madness guys and let me
just tell you having a sauna and a steam
room in your house is revolutionary
these guys have a sauna a steam room so
me and rice kicked it in the friggin
sauna up for like 30 minutes your boy is
dead I don't know if you guys can see
but I'm like covered in sweat my rash is
still oh I hate my neck right now but
I'm about to go in the shower and I'll
see you guys in two seconds
get your house you can scooter in
literally today we have not done
anything crazy yet banks is left I think
he's gonna go get another tattoo
this guy casually just said you know
well if you want to come I'm like yo
where you going I expected you're just
gonna go get food or something skies
like oh I'm vote to go get a sleeve or
sub shit I was like weird I'll meet you
there in a bit so I think we're gonna
catch up with him soon for now there is
some filming going on in the back yard t
WAP if you do not know who T WAP is we
waffle er there's some planning going on
he's shooting like a scene for one of
his blogs I love this zoom on this
camera and me i'm just gue during this
house is madness
alright guys now that I'm in LA and I
live here now we click the elevator
we're on floor two we go down one floor
on the elevator because we don't use the
stairs
we're bougie now we don't do stairs oh
yeah one floor down there race you
coming we got all the way down one floor
you're right so you come all right - you
are a few hours a way let me see but yo
keep the camera though wolf am that was
a fun trip to Best Buy to ops gonna get
his camera but I guess like I don't know
Frazier musta yell a little too loud
then we needed help some help we hope is
instructive I just yeah so we low-key
just got kicked out of the star but it
is what it is we're gonna go to the next
door targets right down the street we'll
pull it up on target hopefully we know
they picked up your race what do you
know about Supercuts hey Tommy you step
in the head like Supercuts so rice is
about to cop I switch you kinda need a
little swish I had David sold out for
ages and tell again bro I want to play
that race car game I want Mario Kart
yeah
yeah we want to cop a switch with Mario
Kart skrt skrt
you already know what it is let's get it
we are waiting for our uber to come pick
us up we cannot find it rice just
unboxed there's no literally this guy
just picked it up right now and had to
unbox it in front of the store because
he's such a kid
so yeah gotta get the cloak gang more
presents I love them so much guys I just
got to get them more present great guys
yeah yeah none of this is for me bro
none of this is for me this is all for
you guys no video
ok guys I can't videotape in here but I
will update you what I get alright guys
so we just pulled up to the Louis store
I had to comp a bunch of stuff because
it's not for me
ok guys you think I spent a lot of money
on me no I'm giving back to the
community to the culture Silvia you
might Loki get a present ok it's a
surprise so I can't show you what it is
but just know someone's coming for your
head top now we're going to the booty
store this for you Sylvia
another day another crazy night
apparently we are about to pull up to a
club and Uzi supposed to be there I
don't know if he's performing or if he's
just gonna be there but guys this is
insane
so two nights in a row might be seeing
hoozy two nights in a row which is crazy
and then after that your boy is gonna
get home and I'm probably gonna pull an
all-nighter tonight to be honest because
like honestly the past couple nights
I've been going to bed a little early
and I've been waking up I've been
slacking but I'm gonna pull an
all-nighter and you guys are gonna join
it with me so let's go see you Izzie
your boy is stressed guys I'm very
stressed because we just went we just
got back from the uzi thing and we
stayed at the place that he was supposed
to perform until like 2 o'clock and this
guy was still not out at 2 o'clock so he
cut at 2 o'clock we did not get to see
you Izzie but I'm about to pull the most
Yolo move of my whole entire life
basically a bunch of the guys are like
yo let's go to Vegas right now at 2:00
a.m. currently it's like 2:30 a.m. and
I'm like yo screw it I've been to LA a
bunch of times every single time I
wanted to go to Vegas haven't been there
yet so we are literally pulling up to
base we're gonna drive right now shuttle
the men are for driving because this guy
is a powerhouse he does not sleep and
this should be a good time never been to
Vegas but here we'll family shit you not
you know how I said we were going to
Vegas but get what is going on we are in
the history of it now
as pools here we got there people over
there there might be like a low-key pool
party we just pulled up here at like I
think we got here like 7:00 in the
morning and everybody I'm with is
absolutely kayoed on the bed I just
edited a video and I'm staying up your
boy does not go to sleep but what the
hell this is real life we really
yellowed last night but you know peep
everyone is sleep in the room
you know that quote guys I don't know
like it's something about staying in
Vegas and happening in Vegas or
something like that what happens in
Vegas stays in Vegas okay yeah that
quote I'm a daily vlogger so I don't
listen to that rule so I'm gonna try and
bring you guys along for the full Vegas
ride except I cannot bring you guys
along for the first thing we're gonna go
to be an art and a few of the boys are
gonna go to a beach party summery is
having a birthday there we're gonna go
say what up to her problem is they
literally don't like cameras and I have
to check the camera so I'm gonna see if
I can get some phone action maybe some
snap action agile and snapchat will
figure out follow me on Instagram Wolfie
because you want to see the behind the
scenes footage of what is about to go
down it's about to be crazy but
literally the dress code is so strict
you have to wear a bathing suit to get
in here even if you're not getting in
the pool it's much gangway
what are you getting Luke so yeah if you
guys piqued my my snapchat my Instagram
story you would have seen it was insane
summers birthday was crazy but this is
like one of her 25 birthdays
she has another one semihidden don't
know what tomorrow another one tomorrow
night she had like two more parties
right I mean that is like a little bit
of amount of partisan Vegas until
Tuesday's okay so we're staying till
Tuesday I guess summer literally has a
birthday month not a birthday so we're
just gonna keep turning up but right now
we're heading to the Las Vegas Strip
never been there we're gonna see what's
poppin see physically walk down there
let's get it guys I'm sorry I switched
up the camera cuz this one small
inconvenient but that's where we're
staying the Hard Rock right to the right
I don't know if you can see that but
that's the MGM Grand Chase very very
cool place but there's another very very
cool place going on tonight basically
triple G oz versus Canelo there's a
fight huge fights and I didn't know
about it until pretty much yesterday
because I was just too hung up on the
Floyd Mayweather McGregor fight I don't
really follow sports but apparently this
is like supposed to be one of the
biggest fights in history so I'll
probably watch it on TV
but yeah probably not probably I might I
might be at some next club turning out
but I'll let you guys know how I feel
about the fight after this is the strip
that I'm talking about about the
Bellagio right here there's happening
right there I have no idea we're going
literally no idea or going but it's
packed so it's a good day it's gonna be
a great day great night let's get it
look how cool this little restaurant is
in the middle of a mall guys are you
kidding me it's inside there what
waterfall views in front of a hotel
so it's trippy row optical illusion all
right wolf em so we just got back from a
long day of just going out and exploring
Las Vegas and let me tell you this place
is crazy
but people where I am right now your boy
is standing outside of his hotel room
where I'm not supposed to be behind the
bars and it's looking cool guys this is
our view we don't really have the best
view we probably have like the worst
view of whole hotel but you know we can
make it work so I'm gonna end the vlog
out here right now with these lady
lights before we go out for some Ray's
birthday because apparently this girl
has like a birthday three months in a
row so it's gonna be let's smash the
like button a few guys are enjoying
these vlogs because we're going back to
LA and like a day or two I think we
might stay in Las Vegas for like one
more day but smash the like button if
you're excited and if you ready for more
clever house stuff I'm gonna jump off
I'm locked Oh what yeah I'll meet you at
the club I'm like comment down below Las
Vegas and I will be liking and
commenting back to a buncha guys to do
that because we out here in Las Vegas
and I will see you guys soon our mole
from Louise Dane just a little bit more
savage than my main channel and as
always stay safe as I go
