Floyd Mayweather himself maybe he's wolf
family this is all flipping out there's
all the boys for me like woke up to
satellite me talk oh my god we woke up
in the hills
good morning eh oh it's gonna chip
werewolf we welcome back to more wolfy
wolf him you better have already hit the
like button because this these next
couple weeks are gonna be absolutely
crazy so basically quickly before I
start off the vlog last night I pull up
to banks and Rice's house as you guys
can see I'm here right now we're in the
hills got my own little room right here
the setup is wild my stuff is already
all over the place but I pull up and
it's late like the the flight went
really late and as soon as I touch down
here they're like yo you better get
changed wolfy I'm like yo why do I need
to get changed bro I'm about to pass out
I've been on the plane all day and then
they're like well playboy cardi you guys
don't know who playboy cardi it's kind
of a big deal Playboy cardi scared out
of the house earlier he did a photo
shoot like a month ago in the house and
he was scaring it out because he was
turning like I think he's like 21 so
they're like yo he might have his
birthday here tonight and if he pulls up
I think he's gonna pull up so I hop in
the shower I get changed everything's
good but I'm like there's no way this is
actually gonna happen so we're all
kicking it and then I you not woozi
pulls up cardi pulls up apparently
little pump was here LeBron James is
supposed to come here yesterday it was
wild it was literally a movie scene and
this is just for me coming from straight
off an airplane I was not ready for this
so I slept in hella late this morning
but let's get the day started hopefully
every day is this crazy
you guys didn't believe Tori pulled up a
lie Tori pulled up last night Tory lays
in front of this window right here we're
sitting here the whole night don't kill
me on this new dog London okay I want to
see you what I want to see the new the
new puppy - guys check out the cutest
dog in existence right here yo yo chill
chill chill
London sit come in come here hey guys
banks and Elissa just got a dog this is
what is it a French Bulldog once in a
blue 20 rats dude $20,000 dog it's
pretty crazy
Jenny she's 10 racks he's 20 oh my gosh
she's 10 racks why are you the two most
expensive dogs at
guys smash the like button if you like
puppies haha
wolf em he's a little wolf he's a little
wolf I'm Loki gonna get this dog for
myself I might get rid of my two dogs
principal fee jr. you're cute you're not
this cute so you're London London come
here come in hey come here come here
buddy buddy whoopee whoopee Junior
Wolfie Junior junior come here oh yeah
look at these dogs yeah I like the new
one is the best color I've ever seen
over old pee color oh my god how do you
roll the window down in this back part
right here can you roll it up a bit cuz
I can't I can't control it back here
yeah there's no button can you roll it
up like a little more just a crack you
thought this is a game I don't go to LA
without the Gucci store yes last time I
came here and they did not have these
shoes in my size except these are the
black version these are the white ones
so hopefully they have them this time oh
my god those are sexy peep the snake god
damn so guys they do not have the color
I wanted in 13 and they have the white
ones right what do you say should I get
them compliment it's a cop yeah it's a
cop oh my god races a madman cop cop cop
cop cop he's copy Jesus that's the best
purchase of the day really
I found Bank Sachi look at this ac/dc
obviously like a banty type thing blow
up your video smash that like button
guys and then look at the back are you
kidding me the gold Gucci what guys Loki
it's fun to shop with these guys even
though I'm probably not gonna shop the
rest of the trip cuz I always do this
but I can influence them like I'm gonna
big yeah yeah it looks good on you cop
cop cop and because these guys are
absolute mod ones we can make them cop
so guys apparently Floyd Mayweather is
actually pulling up to Gucci it closes
at 6:00 but this guy gets special
treatment look at this see his team
money team and there's like a huge crowd
over here so if he comes here I'm
exploiting Mayweather himself
maybe he's Wolfe family who knows you
guys down for 24 hours in an elevator so
we just finished shopping at the second
stop of today second stop is Barney's
third stop we are going to is apparently
some like heavy low-key place you can
only get into if you're invited I wasn't
technically invited but some of some of
these guys some of these guys were
invited so I'm just gonna pull up with
the squad apparently they have some
amount of Supreme there so if they have
Supreme you guys know how I feel about
it they don't have any of that in Ottawa
and now is my chance to get it while I'm
here what do you say you know what's
ironic about supreme supreme is made in
Canada but they don't sell it yeah what
the it's not a meeting today no they
have some factory factory
started yeah yeah Google like Google it
because I'm pretty sure about my knob it
says look at that bro see that not many
Canada talk about a supreme collection
arts going off it's going off the mandem
are going off guys plus more supreme
more supreme more supreme football's
everything are you kidding sake supreme
stressed supreme wheels supreme ball
supreme Louboutin that's my girl
it matches mine supreme cardholder Boyd
may wear their punches with supreme
gloves on a supreme boxing bag and we
got gloves signed by Pacquiao supreme of
course but if you are a baseball player
and get the supreme glove that whole lot
of game whole lot of dog race is so
confused he has no clue he's scared he's
telling his mom oh he found that she
found let's go ooh I was so hungry guys
27 2017 it's not cool to take pics of
your food right yeah that's over guys so
check it out we've got the food every
flavor you could ever want
I'm age guys you think I bought myself
all this stuff I didn't buy myself
anything to be honest this is all for
the dream there's all the boys love it
for me so no no no Ranger gets the first
thing
nobody's going to Oh foot this is how
you gon didn't even come out and I'm
still getting away yeah yeah that's 100
percent that's 100 years bro try it on
let's see if it fits well I wanted this
no no I got you something better bro I
got you something better just wait on it
does it fit I know nikan
loves o flannel annals no way how to get
you that's insane that's yours you knew
my size of course bro and banks I can't
get on you bro
so I know you have the black shoes this
doesn't even come off but I'll give you
the white shoes to match bro so what are
these
I don't know go check it out what your
rights are present bro bro those are for
you bro so those are years ago of course
banks gotta hook them up
this president race doesn't get a
present we'll see rice rice you played
yourself bro you could have had the free
stuff but you're upstairs and now I'm
too lazy to wait though guys I'm
downstairs rice doesn't get anything I
have to figure out what I'm gonna wear
tonight because apparently we're gonna
go to the movie it really doesn't want
to see the movie I don't know about you
guys but I'm afraid of scary movies so
I'm gonna need you guys to go down and
smash the like button because I don't
know if we're gonna walk out alive like
I'm already scared like there could be
something behind there could be
something behind there we don't know
jump scares are my worst enemy but
thanks like yo you want to see it I'm
like I tried to act hurt I was like yeah
I love scary movies well so now we're
gonna see it I hate myself even when I'm
in l.a
I'm still getting my workout done we got
a gym in the house so I mean it seems a
bit of time actually no I legit have a
gym in my house too so what the heck
we're still getting these we're getting
swole because you got to work out if
we're going to the scary movie
alright guys so we're pulling up to the
movie right now I told you guys I had to
get that workout in before we went to
the theater cuz Loki I'm Sierra scary
movies but at least I got my mom and dad
here to protect me
it's your mom and dad mom and dad what's
up that's my daddy
you're my mom and you're my dad your
baby nobody's movie together this is
complicated because guys hey no I'm 16
but I'm a bad boy it sold out guys I saw
that it's sold out hey guys
even the 12 30 each show only has one
two three four five six seven eight
twelve sixteen like a lot of clout right
now
a lot of yeah a lot of clout a lot of
clout a lot of clouds oh my god guys
okay so we just got back from the movies
to you boy I'm not even a lot I can't
lie I am scared I'm scared bliss I'm
watching my back there I'm watching my
back over here I don't like scary movies
I really don't like them Leigh Leigh
forced us to go this girl went the past
two days in a role and she came with us
and then she said she's going tomorrow
as well I don't know how you could like
a movie how much especially a scary
movie they're going four times I said
you know what I got a man up I will go
to see it okay I'll go to see it check
it out
only because though because I'm a big
believer in like movie ratings so if I
see that it gets like a nice rating
online I will give it a chance and I
can't lie it was a good movie other than
the fact that there was a billion jump
scares and what's worse is even like
some of the jump scares that like you
know there's gonna be a jump scare but
you still get scared when it happens or
when there's a jump scare and then you
think the scenes done and then there's a
jump scare right after and hate you oh
my god wolf am I'm sweating in my boots
I don't know what's going on in this
room I don't even like this mere being
here because I can see reflections I'm
gonna sleep with the light on tonight so
don't make fun of me but yeah I think
everyone enjoyed it friggin Banks is
talking about it the whole way back up
like yours it's a great movie bro I'm
like yeah bro I know we're flannel
brothers but this is a great movie I
think grace is tired because all you
could talk about was sleep on the ride
home but everybody did like the movie
guys so if you're thinking about going
to see
I'm not gonna paid or anything for this
even though I know that some youtubers
and influencers got paid to go see it
okay I wasn't one of them why wasn't I
one of them but I just watched it on my
free time it's three o'clock right now I
gotta get some rest because today was a
super long day we did so much and that's
only like day one of LA for you boy
Wolfie out of we don't really know but I
know Sylvia's coming up in a week so
there's probably gonna be a lot going
down as soon as she gets there as well
but I'm gonna end the vlog out there if
you guys enjoyed y'all ready know what
it is smash the like button let's see if
we can hit 30,000 likes on this vlog for
no reason I will give you guys five
seconds to hit it with your nose again
today five four three two one boom hope
you hit it with your nose comment down
below
clown host cuz that's where you believe
is right now and I will see you guys
soon on more Wolfie where we stay just a
little bit more savage of my main
channel and as always stay savage Lego
