why have you worn the same shirt five
days in a row Deji is losing warning a
yo what's this boy won't be welcome back
to more wolfy wolfy holy Sh there was a
long night your boy got absolutely zero
goose egg sleep last night I didn't
sleep for one minute this bed is an
absolute mess I was editing on this bed
all night but yo we're still gonna have
a little before we begin the vlog I need
you guys to go down and smash that like
button let's hit 35,000 likes I will
give you five seconds to hit it with
your elbow here we go 5 4 3 2 boom
I hope you guys hit the like button good
morning I hope you guys are having a
fantastic day
princey what's the schedule for today
buddy yeah you had a great sleep last
night this guy was all cuddled in these
blankets last night he got a great seat
but your dad didn't get asleep you
didn't get any sleep at all ok Prince
and you see it's not like Pete don't
know where you pee anyway Silvia is
upstairs right now cabe is taking a few
photos of her because she needs to bang
out some photos for the IG you know the
IG has to stay poppin and I gotta take
care of this guy but yo Prince I have to
leave in like 5 minutes
I didn't even like 5 minutes for my own
photoshoot guys I look good like usually
I'm pretty confident about the way I
look like right now I don't know about
the way I look cuz like you know when
you're pulling all nighter and then in
the morning you kind of feel sick you
don't feel like as energetic as you
usually would that's how I feel my lips
are chapped like I don't even know how I
move right now let's get the day started
buddy geez the iconic pics in the side
of the clubhouse never fail guys this
makes you look like you're in a jungle
low-key even though it's a great writer
side of the house this can make you look
like you're in a jungle let's go wake up
right Chris what are you doing in the
clothes guys so basically look at these
things in the theater room in the clown
house they have these things called red
vines I'm sure you guys know what they
are they're basically like Twizzlers but
these things have been here for so long
these are supposed to be soft and chewy
candies right okay first of all why does
it break in half when I hit it this
ain't no soft and there's a no chewy
candy Prince you're keeping hey where
are you going where you going I'm trying
to show them the red friends come here
come here it's come back look at this
guys please please
we are stuck together every single okay
Prince is literally escaping Prince
where are you going come back alright
guys so we're just pulling up to the
photo shoot right now I'm arriving
fashionably late because there is no
parking in this area basically on one
side of the street you can't park
between the hours of like 10:00 a.m. and
12:00 and it happens to be 11:00 and
it's only on Friday when you can't do it
because the street thing and it happens
to be Friday so we have to walk all the
way over there I hope they don't kill me
because we're like 15 minutes late I had
to grab my coffee because like I said
I'm running off zero I was asleep
Ryan pulled up Gabe's behind the camera
let's get it okay guys so we just pulled
up first outfit is actually good because
I can keep my regular outfit that I was
way at the Bureau begin
that's a wrap on the photoshoot guys now
we're back to my beautiful baby I've
missed you so much oh it smells like a
new car Ryan's driving right here
alright that's it you cut anyways we're
gonna go figure out what food we're
getting
if I beat you in Rock Paper Scissors to
go to chick-fil-a Wow finally guys
somebody told me I need to know the
pronunciation I can't believe people
have been calling it fuck anyway today's
the day
Deji is losing yo DG you have a lamb boy
yeah so you're gonna spend money today I
already started the day off bad race
ordinance a regular we were 10 he's he
had a nice car bro he has a Mercedes
like I mean it's just not enough space
better than your car you know it's not
edgy I got one question bro and I know
you've been asked this a billion times I
just got to ask you one more time like
this why have you worn the same shirt
five days in a row look look over there
you know that isn't Sun you don't wear
that red anyways I guess the ukq so
different
Oh Sam you know Dan see what about you I
spent it all on your Lambo yes guys
Gucci needs to stop teasing me I came
here I didn't want to buy anything but
they keep making with Wolves on them and
it's like I feel like it's my duty as a
Wolfie to fucking cop it you're getting
that you're getting the whole seat did
you look at the price yet don't look
everyone buys Gucci now so now I
classify these shirts the three bullets
can hurt the most
I can't get that this is a rug shirt and
this is a me shirt more wolves and
that's another rug shirt over there okay
okay okay I'm not even gonna lie right
now guys I'm exhausted I got about five
minutes of sleep in the uber on the way
here but I don't know I'm out here I'm
not buying anything so it's kind of
weird being out here and I'm gonna
update you guys in a bit on the
purchases made today but for now your
boy is just a joint of you I love Rodale
enjoy this view
all right finger blue face yes thank you
bro
Garret of the tech and shoes this is
seven star oh now they all come on no no
no all right guys so we just finished
our rodeo we have the most crazy
uber drive to Takaya it's a Mexican
place bank suggested it me and Ryan
don't like like preimage like we like
DIY our own stuff I have no good idea
what I just ordered brother menu is too
complex for me
the menu is it was in another language
yeah half it was in Spanish so whatever
comes comes let's just say I got a combo
for $9.99 how did I end up paying $40 oh
my god
I don't know what I'm drinking I'll let
you guys know I deal what what what 3ds
turkey again
actually Bob let me see what this is get
before you start talking make sure you
try to very small persons oh oh oh my
god guys my bet is never feels a little
cookie in my life I just passed out on
all ride home that friggin taco place oh
so guys I mean you remember Frasier
fucked up the the mirror a couple months
ago doing a handstand now him and edgy
were wrestling because they were getting
ready for like the jake paul fight or
some you can literally see Frasier's in
on the mir he just sliced open just
bleeding everywhere literally like I was
gonna rush to go to CVS go to the
hospital but he says he's fine he has a
deep deep cut right here and his blood
is leaking everywhere
holy praises the champion Gumi very
versus Nigerian one no no no no no same
Jake is really stressed I guess that's
how he asked for juice
we gotta train this guy morning after
good morning will family grab my dance
party dad she hit me with a dance move
yeah
dad Jo here about to give me my first W
guys come on winds could that I'm
posting not too bad
three people three people left oh my god
three people left boy watch out for the
song Minnie Minnie Minnie Minnie Minnie
ten many tango tale he's reloading up
watch out for the star you guys have
been telling it's really not a big it's
it's he's not just the name he actually
games think Ryan's going outside to say
hi to his fans so sometimes there's kids
outside just chill all day no no I need
that hammer did you hide a hammer
did you Hammer someone in my name okay
oh wait we actually got to give you a
present I bought your merch wow really
yeah sorry
so whatever hat I give you yeah is what
I am okay so if I have your burch what
am I your time okay so here you go take
care of it that's what I am well your
daddy I'm your dad no I'm good
your honor oh you own you own you mean
yeah it's what you seen in your owning
you yeah you're gonna let him talk to
you for the past thing our these kids
have been coming like literally
screaming at the top of their lungs
outside and daddy's gone out he's going
out again where Ryan's been avoiding him
I don't know why but if he's wearing my
bridge oh you say no oh and so they
don't care well fans will femur Oh
you guys want to see drew you know top
trending but we didn't get it on camera
do it again on camera do it again on
camera do it again on camera hit it
that's actually Lewis cameras off okay
okay this hit this off camera okay okay
one more bull's eye here we go guys
technique is let race run first so that
we're all good
you let race run first we're all good
he's all out the next door neighbor's
house they got a pool but yo they have
way more she can pull in the clubhouse
but the Hollywood signs faded so Clara
Oswald back
so guys it's Frazier's birthday today
was his birthday last night at 12 so I'm
trying to buy him some champagne so he
can pop champagne before we turn up
tonight but ah I don't really know
Frasier that well so I think he's like a
8:09 type of guy this is our this is our
friendship love well he's British so you
know like below that he would blow that
okay so I'll get him a 7:19 type of
actually two for getting the best for me
so here we go let's see you did that I
was you know that was you that was you
that's good top fifty kangan you guys
it's this theory where we have to shoot
like precipice thumbs coming hold on
hold on r2 r2 wait how are ya how do I
look straight
yes top 50 good job she's a nice girl
I'm actually games at his game you know
I thank you so much
all right guys you're gonna find out in
the next vlog where she actually places
but I'm gonna end the blog off there
because this is a two day vlog I love
you guys so much like one game what do
they do that's it thirty five thousand
likes on this vlog they are daddy what
should they comment which is they
comment comment goofy has a small doing
it again daddy typical alright a goofy
has a small and insensitive and listen
to you and I will see you guys soon are
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more so I was in my main channel I have
always say it your old no that's not the
hot show stay Savage yeah yeah do you
know why
