t-mobile's ending what was anything I'm
cutting so Martinus is going down
tonight like I'm actually shipped to
vlog tonight I don't want to vlog
tonight that's good morning ay yo what's
hitter - werewolf we welcome back to
more wolfy today I'm feeling energized
feeling revitalized I just spent like
half an hour in the hot tub so your boy
is sweat pack no feet we'll finish our
wolf time I hope you guys are amazing
day smash the like button if you are
excited and today's a big day because I
am headed out to LA today but today I'm
not flying with any other boys today I
am flying solo dolo
by myself actually with a friend but you
guys haven't met the friend I don't know
if you guys know actually I'm gonna keep
it a surprise but just know that kind of
the kind of hype still give me a wolf
Wolvie I'm leaving I'm leaving whoa whoa
fee I'll see you tomorrow see you in a
week two weeks hey hey chill chill chill
Wolfie good boy good boy good boy you're
gonna miss me are you gonna miss me
sit if you're gonna miss me all right
stand if you're gonna miss me good boy I
cannot forget my sunglasses if I'm going
to LA I'm gonna need my shades car I'm
gonna miss you too you're an answer door
Adam I'm not yeah guys do you remember
this guy
yo flex your abs let's see your abs oh
my god actually these are you 6 years
old yet are you 5 you're too young for
this aren't you 6 yeah hold on the doors
here here here here Adam get the door
let's see if you can open it what's the
secret password oh you played yourself
what is that here saying the boys time
to say goodbye to me again as they know
I'm leaving to LA forever Kofi's leaving
us guys subscribe to all my channels
we're done it's all over guys females
ending what was ending I'm cutting I'm
leaving bro yeah yeah big backpack okay
I have to say about that kiss Diane piy
but you can't eat it now dot not house
you have to wait a bit you have too many
candies yeah he's no Adam Adam cable
whatever you do don't drop it cuz dogs
can't eat chocolate you know this thing
all right love you buddy last meal
before I leave to LA forever guys
McDonald's but not actually McDonald's
because I'm still on that diet to
McDonald's salary so that would be this
track right and men and miss you guys I
miss you guys but I miss the emoji movie
I am a junior chicken mom but these days
I'm not die mini direwolf and Diet
Wolfie solids keep common sees around
with Barbara but not cheap not crispy it
has to be a girl that's more healthy so
how do you add extra you know
yo since when did they start you know
nerf toys at McDonald's shawne's eats
bro I'm doing a review on all these toys
this is the last dinner guys is the
final supper is it a final effort
nobody's eating but bro I'm meeting guys
my double chin is actually disappearing
these days so I'm kind of aged um this
is the bye
my fear I don't see boys few weeks guys
a lifetime the vlogs won't be the same
but stay tuned they're gonna get better
oh my gosh we'll be back in action on
the war wolfy vlogs it'll be livin in
Italy yeah Charlie man just said goodbye
to the boys it was a little sad but I'll
probably see them soon they might even
roll to LA so honestly this is not
forever this is just temporary and
Silvia probably is rolling up next week
so it's all good anyways just got
through customs now to meet with my boy
my dog cuz your boy doesn't fly solo
whoa no look who we found guys we found
a wild Zion was ID ready to fly together
bro hell yeah guys we got my dude Zion
if you don't know who he is pretty way
second best light scan other than your
boy of course and if I pulled you closer
would you mind I would not all right
bless let's get it
pull up in the very back of the plane
Pillai no no no no saying it's a tight
squeeze so guys this is the whole plane
in the back you got the back literally
we can't go back how much seats recline
this is dress this is only a two-hour
flight we have another five-hour flight
so hopefully on the next play things
change but as for now I'll update you
guys in a bit
swept up so he landed in New York New
York we landed in Detroit we got a green
tunnel right here an aquarium I was here
how was your ride girl was in the corner
my man's were squished to me over here
yeah it was a little bit tight right
guys but we made it here now we have one
more flight to do the longer flight to
LA and honestly I hope everyone else can
I hope everyone's a week at the house
that I'm going to because if not I'm
gonna have to go to some wack house the
pretty much house and post it kicking
with these guys hopefully I might be
coming like a boy band answer by the end
of the house we'll see by the end of
this trip you might be the sixth member
you know smash the like button if you
want me in pretty much
touchdown in LA you got the driver we
got the driver we got the driver pull up
sir all right guys I need everybody to
comment down below
hashtag Wolfie solo dolo in LA it's a
bit of a handful but I'm pretty much
solo here oh yeah pretty much here by
myself you can Saudis on your team I
will sign here I will make everyone
proud don't worry guys Maya lay you down
let's get it legs face on fleek so I
can't change from the damn airplane look
at this like a bumbling can lie down you
can't do that on a plane okay so I just
finally arrived at the location this is
the Mystery House that I'll be staying
in for the next week or two weeks or
three weeks I don't know yet a hundred
percent but check out the bed I got
myself a bed here comment down below if
this bed looks familiar to you here is
like my little edit session area I got
like a full mirror over here I got my
own bathroom over here just took a
shower it's pretty lit super excited to
be here and guys I just got word from
somebody in this house that some
modernist is going down tonight like I'm
actually shook to vlog tonight I don't
want to vlog tonight that's how I'm
gonna put my vlog camera away right now
because apparently and this is not me
fake facts this is apparently playboy
cardi lil uzi and perhaps ASAP rocky are
supposed to pull up tonight because I
don't even know why apparently there's
like some something happening here for
them and guys I can vlog around anyone I
can flog in public I can do that
but when it comes to like some of my
favorite artists and rappers out your
boys a likkle shook so I don't put the
vlog camera away I know this is a little
bit of an early one but basically I was
flying all day so give me a break I will
drop extra heat on your head top
tomorrow if you enjoyed the vlog and if
you are excited for the upcoming vlogs
go down and smash that like button
comment down below la gang and I will
see you guys soon on mobile free where
we stay just a little bit more savage on
my main channel and as always stay safe
leggo
