euros me Reiner coming ahead top because
you didn't clues in the video so next
time I put this in the video you're done
oh it's not good computer
good morning woke fam what's poppin at
you boy wolfy welcome back to another
blog blog blog blog blog blog blog life
you already know what it is because your
boy is headed to LA in like a few days
I'd am going there in like two days I
have to get a lot of stuff done today so
today is gonna be one of those days
where I'm running around getting a
billion things done in order to hurry up
for LA because your boy cannot go to LA
with a cracked phone like what the heck
is that so I'm on my way to go pick up
the person that I always pick up anytime
I go to this specific model because they
sell Chipotle and you guys know that
you're poor Leigh is life and that
person is Bryan sways master like button
if you do know or if you don't know who
Ryan sways is but Ryan sways is the
partner in crime so let's get this day
started I hope you guys I have an
amazing day my rash isn't my rash is
over I gotta hide my neck no lakeya's yo
Kyle what are you saying with your I spy
with my little eye looking there so the
wait time for Apple is like 70 to 75
minutes I tried pulling the line that I
knew Ryan sways and they said they
didn't really care so I mean now I just
got a rate like a regular purse line
usually works they usually know what I
mean Ichigo right usually every guy's
life hack when you go to when you go to
Apple just let them know that you know
Ryan sways it's just like pressing zero
on the phone when you're like calling
customer service they answer right away
so usually it works for me but today
they said Ryan's your action videos
aren't doing the same as they used to
he knows Ryan's waves what's up bro nom
I know we're chillin bro were just
complaining about you subscribe yeah
hey let's go over take care see he knows
Ryan's way it's not that usually helps
next stop so for a cuz we have time to
kill for Silvia so guys I tried picking
up some new Fenty Rihanna makeup for
Silvia but you know it's all sold out
it's the only thing that I could get so
I mean I guess girls are obsessed with
it guys this is the shade I use by the
way keep it you can go buy it online and
in stores heaven on earth gotta make me
proud okay now we're doing a brisk jog
back to Apple they said it would take 75
minutes for them to call me back but I
mean I guess they were just playing hard
to get because it's been 10 minutes and
they're already ready
so they texted me saying if I don't go
now I'm gonna lose my spot so we are
headed to Apple very quickly what I've
got yeah let's do it we got doing on a
run I'm on the run to to Apple yourself
you actually like it's me bro in flesh
yeah that's gonna be a person bro you're
in the vlog bro actually in the pail
yeah all my girls do a selfie you gotta
stop for the selfie its kind that's
ready gangway hey nice to meet you bro
thank you so much brother sport yeah
it's great take care doc so we got to
stop for the southeast but we still got
to make it to Apple on time it's a jog
King
okay so your boy just got the new phone
I had to get the red case with it
because it's a rose gold phone I didn't
even have a case on the last time so I
caught that but now it's asked him to
restore my settings and I backed it all
up in my laptop so I can't even use my
phone could I go home because I don't
feel like setting it up as a new phone
and seeing a blank screen so I'm kind of
foulness for like the next two hours 24
hours you got a phone challenge in the
dark gone wrong gone hunted killed
somebody your mom why are you having
Cesar Millan books you don't own a dog
you own two cats
yo Cleo Cleo wise I might have this
Julio you're not a dog
my mom thinks my dogs are her cats and
turns out they're not cats
fun fact dogs are not cats so this can
go mom you don't need this and Cleo I
can't even pet you anymore
yesterday I figured out I was allergic
to cats Oh another fun fact wolf am your
boy is allergic to cats even though I
grew up with in my whole life I always
wondered why my nose is always stuff and
turns out as soon as I left this house I
stopped sneezing and my nose that
stopped getting stuffy but I think my
body just put up with it to the point
where I could stand them but as soon as
I left them and realized what life was
like when my nose wasn't stuff I can't
even pet cats anymore obviously I'm team
dog you guys already know that team
small dog team non shed dog if your dog
sheds I'm not that team but right now
I'm reminiscing as Ryan's editing
because the grind doesn't stop the guy
doesn't stop but I'm in my DIY kitchen
about to make a DIY goo Mike and I
actually might make a giant DIY because
you know I missed those I missed those I
got to make more I got to make more guys
one good thing about buying so many
supplies back in the day is that you
don't have to go to the store to buy new
supplies so now we got stuff we can head
back to the ends on the man of my hands
comment down below what video you think
I'm filming and you're Ryan D you know I
caught this one of course why watch the
first movie you know I caught this one
though which one let's get it yo dude
perfect
hi your boy Wolfie for the next basic
shopping card trick shots
watch
hire me so I would hate them so I send
these air cannons guys basically if you
don't know what an air cannon is you
pull this thing back and it fires air at
you so even though you don't see
anything you feel it so Sean's gonna
hold this match right here and your boy
is gonna try and put out a match with
air this piece would not go on it I
literally broke the other one which took
us like half an hour to put together so
that's kind of old but sean has one so
Sean if you could light the match for me
yes I'm trying not to breathe okay
whatever sights at me this year old
literally you are old that is two things
that are broke so far all it was is this
liquor elastic band that we need to put
back in but your boy can't tie knots so
pretty much it's old actually you know
what we'll do one for the for the mandem
one March I hold on okay item number two
attempt number two I did a little bit of
repairs on this I put duct tape on this
so now we're gonna see if we can hit the
match one more time guys this is air
Zuka trick shots do perfect I'm calling
you all I'm the best trickshot on
YouTube come out your head talk hire me
for team ten hire me for clout gang here
let's get it on your head I'm stressed
on your head
second try light another one do you feel
yeah yeah you can see Sean sure getting
hit with this you see what I'm saying
guys kind of stuff wrong it was like
but basically watch me put out one more
for your head top and then there's a
stupid bug up here and I'm gonna try and
snipe the bug as well
actually you know what bug that's not
that good why why why why Dave is that
animal cruelty no no no I'm just saying
like like killing this memory okay so
now Sean's gonna do like five matches at
once and I'm gonna put them out with the
lighter here it was a little late but I
still got it we got it guys don't let me
know if I should do a full trickshot
video with this this one's kind of bad
quality so I'll probably have to order a
new one if you want to see that hit the
like button and just so you guys can
feel it the Mike's probably going off
right now you guys you guys hear that
you hear that I'll hit myself a snipe
here you guys need to stop playing with
me I'm not here to play anymore another
workout another day
time to get swole time to cut that
weight that LA wait let's get it oh my
god my neck is itchy my rash is over
drew what are you working out are you
working out yeah good boy all right you
got to leave like two words dusted
workout guys just finished a workout
boys absolutely sweating Ryan's actually
absolutely sweating as well and there's
only one way to end it because I don't
have a steam room here I'm gonna do a
quick hot tub session so I don't even
more because there's so much grease in
my body right now okay guys I just
finished the workout just came out of
the hot tub I'm feeling nice and it was
brought to my attention on Twitter that
I was roasted well not directly like
roasted but pretty much roasted by
Danielle broccoli if you don't know who
she is it's the girl who did the cat's
meow
about that Casey I saw how about day
back okay Danielle let's have a
face-to-face one-on-one conversation
here I'm kind of stressed about what you
did here because this was an indirect
rose basically if you don't know me and
Ryan the guy holding the camera right
now we reacted to these hosts these hold
X I don't even know what word she was
using you know what it's fellows okay
it's HOA yes I don't know what you're
smelling maybe you just didn't want to
get slapped but with some like age
restriction or something but basically
we did a reaction to it a couple days
ago Danielle someone tweeted at me said
she reacted to reactions or whatever so
we're just gonna have a look through
this video and you guys tell me why I'm
cheese right now check it out as you can
see her intro is pretty cool blah blah
we see the first person we see the homie
Nick beam okay she's reacting to Nick
beam great me and Ryan cook done that
okay if we grew our hair long we could
be like my dudes I'd if I pulled you
closer would you mind looking at but
that's not us
exhibited see my dude race come love
race to death but we're still not in the
video why are we still on the video okay
let's skip a little further ahead let's
go here reaction channel Casanova I do
more facial expressions in him so why am
I not why am I not in the video feel
like I have a lot of input okay guys
and she's roasting him we got another
person that is not me and Ryan sways we
got another person that is not me and
Ryan SWE's we got another person that's
not being Ryan sways and then last but
not least you already know who we have
okay yes
Balu Balu as you guys are actually hi I
actually done but still it's not me
so why you think you could just end with
them because they are a hyper reactive
channel or something why am I not in
there in the video was my imp it not
good enough you comics it on video you
commented on the video you said these
dudes old but I fuck with them okay
first of all I'm 12 I'm not that old how
old are you I'm 14
you're 14 so how are we that old
Danielle I know you're gonna watch this
video guys tweet at Danielle tell her
what were we not good enough for this
video busy low-key roasted us for not
even putting me in the video okay so
next time cash me out
how about that did no violence no
violence no violence at all I know we
love you but i didö put this in the
next video
Danielle put this in the next video
otherwise 50,000 likes and me and Ryan
are gonna come up for your head top so
this tribe Daniel I really didn't want
to do it I know you're a young girl I
know you got a bright future I know you
got Ben's pretty you're really you got a
lot of bands for how old you are
all right quad that but these hoes are
done not you're not but whatever that is
you're old because me Ryan are covering
your head top because you didn't clues
from the video so next time I flew dust
in the video you're done yeah yeah I'm
gonna smash this computer smash the like
button geez I already worked out I'm
booked to work on yeah I don't know what
that was but I'm stressed guys peep
these crazy bugs that are where we live
right now I don't know what these are
these are like create whoa whoa flies or
aunts or ant flies or spiders it's above
there now we got to get it okay no no
it's gone it's gone it's gone you're
okay I told you to get it before it ran
away
All Right see you in a bit movie night
alert
holy maybe I picked you up everything at
the store I picked myself up diet wolfy
doh
what is Ryan doing that is not I'm
stressed nothing like some good Monday
Night Football and off the night guys
chargers are playing and the Broncos are
playing oh and as I spoke some
absolutely insane catches happen no not
that did not just no no no no no guys
this game is insane in the fourth
literally in the fourth quarter the
charters have come back I think they had
like I think it was 7 - pretty much 24
and now it's like 21 to 24 comeback
season is upon us there's like six
minutes left in the game so anyone can
have it but there's nothing like
watching some good ol Monday Night
Football on your surround sound hold on
not loud enough on your surround sound
TV in your new crib ray docks
these guys don't what the game anyways
guys I'm gonna end the vlog off there
because I have to get a bunch of filming
done tomorrow
tomorrow's gonna be an extremely hectic
day I gotta get a bunch of main channel
videos bang out back-to-back-to-back no
Drake because I'm going to LA and even
though I'm probably gonna get a bunch of
videos that film there just in case I
always like to play it safe so if you
enjoyed this vlog make sure to go down
and smash that like button if you are
excited for the LA vlogs make sure to go
down and smash that like button comment
down below as always who you want to see
me hang out with kick it with collab
with whatever you guys want what you
want me to do I do it for you guys so
I'm all ears
in the comments right now I'm reading
them right now oh what's that guy you
want me to collab that girl Oh feet we
don't want to see your butt will feet we
don't we don't want to you know honest
here but and I will see you guys soon
are more Wolfie where we stayed just a
little bit more saveurs in my main
channel it's always thanks Abby
leggo
