guys look at my mind something is in my
eye
get ready and here if you're like scared
of like traffic goodbye but hey welcome
back to more Wolfie guys right now it's
another late night blood okay I know a
lot of you guys actually rate the late
night vlogs so shout-out to you because
there's a lot of people that watch the
vlogs at nighttime so technically you're
watching it as if you're with your boy
Wolfie before we get into this vlog
let me Mirko morrow at that smash the
like button and I have a lot going on
right now we're gonna start off the day
by looking at Omar as he plays hockey
downstairs in the elbow crib guys I also
have something on my neck there is
something on my neck it's I know you
don't want to see it it's gonna be kind
of gross it's not a hickey okay for all
the people to think it's a hickey it's
not a it's not a hickey at all it's a
rash as you know I have very sensitive
skin yesterday I bought like this new
chain but because I had to buy like an
intention for the chain I don't think
that was made out of real gold and
because that wasn't made out of real
gold this side of my neck is completely
fine front of my neck is completely fine
but right here as you guys can see your
boy's neck looks like he has some next
examine going on that's one day one day
of wave fake jewelry your boy can't wear
it I'm very sensitive sensitive skin
sensitive feelings I'm a light skin so
your boys neck is murked so for the next
couple of vlogs I'm gonna cover it up
with this Justin Bieber merch and this
thing
Omar's gonna do something with me do you
know we're doing you know reacting to
reacting - what - what music I got on my
meds of the building and we are going to
be reacting to another diss track but
this one's gonna be really quickly ksi
has dropped another diss track I mean
they don't seem to stop so let's just
get into it you know a lot with ksi yeah
it's a British girl holy Sh this is
gonna be funny doesn't let's go out of
the truck like I said guys I'm trying to
get as many people as do some stuff as
many unbiased people into these
distractions as possible because that
means you can read it based off just two
bars and not by like what's actually
happening but you know what's happening
right okay so yes let me get my laptop
out and we
into this reaction okay sigh action okay
sigh there's a British car company I
should try to be arriving for that's the
only way no kids this is very a little
bit of her friends with black British
guy and you forget here's a black
British guy Colin said Oh God okay so
let me work this track right here this
one is a diss track on net nobody you
know net nobody is nobody's he's an ex
minecraft player youtuber so the song is
called Adam's apple and let's just Gary
answer the beach right okay he's coming
races okay but don't diss my boy he's
coming for blood here we go
I'm understand this he speaks so fast I
saw some chaos eyes lines go over my
head and like I have to do a little
research not because I'm dumb with rap
but it's just I just know it's a finish
she's British like that's like British
slang go it's kind of tough you know
well I can't signs going off he's just a
very quick rapid row he's going on
let's talk about stopping it from dawn
oh he's talking about all three goes and
check out the shot with all chaos eyes
alter-egos no way this guy's like you I
need a shot of me wearing four different
outfits because this guy's probably like
bipolarism this is a mod team bro
good game was game repeating grapes is a
little much whoa hold on
is he even naked in the tub if he's not
naked and he's a he's a moron
he's wearing bathing suit at 2:30 to go
and just take off a baby that's the only
critique I have with this other than
that pretty good that nobody is an N no
the flow is pretty hard you some crazy
skepta vibes oh yeah he's got a lot to
see up there like that okay so there's
the reaction to the to the diss track
when's your diss track dropping
don't sleep fam you see this man's
always passed out last night and today
don't sleep guys one thing that I'm
super excited about is right now winter
is coming you can tell winter is coming
because it is so cold outside like it's
freezing outside
but in LA there's no snow so your boy
might be going to LA in the next day or
two
but that's none of my business stay
tuned it's gonna be like day number
three of my phone screen being cracked I
might have had the worst luck in history
the other day when I was gonna get my
hair cut I literally I leaned back in
the chair because when I get my hair cut
it's so comfy that I like lean back and
like fall asleep in the barber chair and
while that happened I was wearing like
shorts like these and then you know it's
shorts in sweat pants like that somehow
the phone always manages to slip out of
your pocket
so I mean comment down below hash tag
bring zippers back on every single
pocket in the world 2017 because that
needs to happen so the phone screens do
not shatter and break and I got to go
the apple store tomorrow and get this
fixed and then I risk chance of losing
my friggin all the footage because I
didn't remember to back up my computer
it's just a hassle all this could have
been avoided if we just had zeros on
pants you know you guys dog why are you
running around at 3:00 in the morning
3:00 in the morning you know it's late
at night blogging time okay for your dad
you guys could stop doing that stop
running on a dog supposed to do this our
dogs supposed to do this why our dogs
sprinting around at 3:00 a.m. guys I
don't understand it
I really don't when we're lazy dogs are
lazy when we're excited and up the dogs
are up I swear the dogs copy what we do
anyways guys I want to show you some
exclusive footage basically the past
couple days for me actually let's have a
little bit of a sit down actually pause
on the sit down I got a killer spider
real quick release the hounds Prince you
know how to kill spider let's go let's
go let's go come on I hate spiders guys
sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do
we got the weapon this is the spider
this is not that big it has long legs
but let's see what it's saying oh my god
that is a little thick slider I don't
want to touch it
spiders if it jumps on screen three two
oh my god guys so he do it three in the
morning okay okay okay okay just I tried
grabbing it a minute instead of walking
is it good oh my god why is it still
moving it is still moving
holy yeah
it's swimming okay Erika back
yes Rock Island row anyways guys the
past couple of days have been pretty
much go go go go go non-stop boy wolfy
we went to Montreal wolfy I'm doing a
blog here we went to Montreal for a
night and then there was like a show in
Ottawa basically a lot of different
people have been coming into town so
I've been ellentube out with them and I
don't know why well your boy has not I
keep forgetting to bring the vlog camera
if we're being honest guys like I
completely forget to bring the vlog
camera a lot of this stuff for doing
that is that night and like I don't like
to vlog too much at concerts because
when I vlog at concerts you don't really
hear anything it just hears like loud
noise it's it's dope being there in
person but like over the camera the
camera does not do it justice and it
just kind of sounds lame so I try to
avoid vlogging when I'm out doing that
stuff but if these dogs can shut up for
two seconds like a vlog Gretzky can I
know you're in my levitate company okay
stop being so famous anyways updates I
did get some footage of one of the
concerts I got like behind the scenes
footage of the concert as well as some
of the stage performance which was kind
of late that's what I was doing while
everyone in LA was going freaking day
and night festival I'm freaking stressed
I didn't get to go there but speaking of
LA expect some heat coming at your head
top in the next couple of days a couple
of weeks your boy might be doing a trip
back out to LA solo dolo
never went solo dolo before usually I
roll with the whole squad but there's
some stuff that your boy is planning and
I need to go back out into elia to do it
because I can't do it in Ottawa so that
is coming up in the near future another
update on the merch it is coming very
very very very very very very very
soon on your head top whoopee wraps calm
we pretty much have sold out of every
single thing on the website the wolf M
goes absolutely not to you guys not only
smash like button but you smash sale
button by button on the merch so
shout-out to you guys for that thank you
so damn much I think the only things
that we have left right now are the hats
some of the dad hats which are sweet
your boys rocking them 24/7 so if you
guys want to be a sway easy werewolf ego
copper yourself a dad hair right now
wolf your apps calm but you got
different colors we got different
designs we got the wolf on them we have
W and then the O is spelling a wolf it's
pretty sweet I really like it so go get
yourself one of those and to be very
very excited about the new birds
dropping because we got a whole bunch of
designs coming it's back-to-school you
need to rock the wolf be Merck you feel
me but yeah like I said it was like
friggin I think it's like 3:30 a.m. and
your boy has to get back onto a sleeping
schedule so right now on a play for you
guys the footage of the RAM rentals
concerts behind the scenes and you guys
can see how lik it was an apartment
aka Omar Omar aka Amari mids was
performing at that concert too so just
don't de see your boy who used to wax
his chest to be an on-stage performance
but the blue pad and the Amari midians
I'm like Olivia Marie vidiians cos I
don't know if he has a fan name yet so
that's what you get Homer but anyways
enjoy that footage guys and very and
there's gonna be a special guest in
tomorrow's vlog so look forward to that
I'm gonna say peace now and then I'll
let you guys enjoy the footage so smash
the like button if you haven't already
and if you're excited for me to go back
to LA because I fell in love it
comment down below Omari mids
Oh mark three mins because I'm sure he's
gonna look at this vlog and he's
probably gonna want to see his name
stand in the comments so go slow almost
love I'll see you guys soon on more
Wolfie enjoy this likkle footage for the
concert stay Savage
let's get it who's trying to speak to
the uber driver home are you ready to
open up for a more easy we and one of me
well we got a watch I want to introduce
you suppose we sash like else wheeze
maybe French sleeves in the building
French squeeze with the char line oh
it's over girls or girls or guys we are
headed to the RAM riddles concert right
now we're in Montreal it took us a while
to get here parking was really hard but
you're about to see a sweet hot dream
what to steal money MIT's Menace yeah
all my name is first and I'm going on
stage I'm Steve driving oh yeah we won
on stage so I should like button in our
stage that I have to screw it I'm doing
it that's get it this show is a back
pain ting ting ting ting we out here we
got bong easy
we got yo Omar emits turn around do it
360 Oh Egypt Jersey or marry me
Donnell Mari mids we got Ryan Swedes in
the cut already there wolf fan right
here so you guys saw the video they are
coming on stage or was Rob coming on
stage what the heck I already the
racially yesterday I you know I was
taking it easy but there's no no chill
for will be tonight so I said it guys
look at my life something is in my eye
get ready if you're if you're like
scared of like graphic stuff don't look
at my eye but check this out it's red
what's going on but something got stuck
Amaya that really hurts and now your boy
is red I know I'm not a wolf an beat-up
alder or whatever II will fit roller
there is like at least 40 new perhaps my
eyes slow did you get stuff what the
hell is something in my hypo bro is that
a thumbnail right now it might be
Oh
a pre-show burp eating mr. I'm not doing
the burpees before the show oh my god
guys this is what we do meet a dream
right this is a sweeter dream stay happy
stay focused
holy shit how many are you doing bro
that's good that's good that's good
okay stop he's good and push-ups going
to push-ups guys you cannot be a star
for don't work I'm just a youtuber you
good
those
number one man was good you wanna shout
out Luke alright let's get it bro my
name is diego de borussia and you play
hockey
alright girl every girl slide in this vm
oh yeah why do you guys have so knees
underscores holy Wolfie
