your boy is exhausted I'm getting sweaty
like this is intense guys this is not a
joke I'm sitting on the ground in an
arcade hey yo what's good attaboy Wolfie
and you guys already know what time it
is we are going back for round two of
one of your favorite videos on this
whole channel has the most views has the
most likes we're going for round two of
arcade game challenge so basically if
you guys don't know what that is before
I even tell you what it is go down and
smash that like button because more than
anything on this vlog luck is everything
okay
let's see how many likes we can get in
the first 10 seconds of this video okay
right now go smash the like button right
now hurry up we'll fam boom boom boom
boom hope you hit the like button
anyways like I was saying today is all
about chance today is all about luck
basically I'm going to be playing the
one stalker game in the arcade that I
think is rigged I'm gonna spend $100 on
it a lot of friggin money to put on one
arcade game I know but your boy is kind
of a little crazy
that's what savages do and we're gonna
see if we can win the big prize last
time I got up to the very last block a
billion times and then somehow lost but
I got a lot of small prizes and turns
out the small prizes are only like pens
and stuff so we are back at the bowling
alley this is where they have the game
hopefully no one's on it today let's try
and win yep seems like the bowling alley
a billion cars outside but not one human
being in the actual bowling alley I
don't get it anyways this is the game
good old stacker just got a stack these
blocks all the way to the top I'm not
catching out on any minor prizes maybe
one or two but I don't I don't like the
minor prizes we'll see we got for the
big prizes today hundred dollar bill
with the little bouncy truck and water
ball this thing's been here for honestly
since I can remember
vibe these are vibe headphones some do
you know where they find these this is
the only thing a Nintendo 2ds this is
what I get but also when you win the
major prize of the minor prize you can't
really pick which one you win so even if
I were to win I could win this this this
or this hopefully I win this guys I
don't really care about this or this
what I mean what even is that so we
start by cashing out first $20 bill let
the money reign
what we got from the money is done round
number one a lot of this is going to be
a lot of time lapse but actually I'm
going to drink some water to warm up
guys
you got to be nicely hydrated before you
go into this game because this is a lot
of stress you can hear my buddy jingling
100 bucks in my pocket let's see the
first game will pretty much decide how
I'm gonna do today so let's start it up
and I like to get low and we're on the
left side
yeah my hand-eye coordination is too hot
okay I spoke too soon so Kerstin we
almost got up to a minor let's see if
you can do the second one all right
right I don't have control on out there
I have to get on the level with it guys
you have to be level with it wait for it
to bounce once and then here one in
minor
continue left yeah okay so we're getting
better almost of the major fries let's
try a bit more time alright so as you
guys can see I have got to the major
prize quite a few times already pretty
much like either this one or this one
I'm not as hot as I was last time but
I'm still pretty good so now we're gonna
change it up and do the vlogging shot
you guys are gonna be with me on this
one put the money in the machine at home
everyone smash the like button boom tell
me when to stop
okay here we go this one's tough because
I'm multitasking but we're gonna go all
the way on the right side get a nice
base going slow it down
boom still on the right can we tuck it
on the wall who knows yeah we're good
we're good
I threw off my rhythm so I'm stressing a
bit keep going push it down
let's go guys you're with me at home
push Thank You wolf em I need all the
support I can get
oh yeah we got the minor prize boys and
girls let's go but let's continue it up
oh yeah see that I'm stressed like come
on I think I'm like ten dollars down or
something like that and I'm already
stressed but we're gonna continue
because I got it I got to do it I got to
spend one hundred this ridiculous
stacker can you please cooperate with me
I just want to win the game okay how do
you win every time but if there is some
tips on how for you guys at home if
you're gonna play this game at the
arcade first of all I suggest don't play
the game because I don't think there's
any winning but if you want to get the
minor prize at least now if you want to
win every time the main strategy is just
go with the rhythm so bounce on the wall
Oh already did to there but we can keep
the rhythm click down bounce bounce
bounce
click bounce bounce click bounce click
bounce click bounce bounce
click bounce click bounce bounce
click bounce click click continue click
click click one more see this guy's and
this is always off beat but three two
one of course every time we just got to
continue guys I know when to stop this
one you subbed yourself out and put your
man in your addictions blowing please
yeah this is more than this guy's has a
perfectionist like this game is pacing
me off
you're light-skinned you're half black
you have rhythm just think of it as
dancing I swear if you duck low bro get
low like you're playing basketball and
your winsome rhythm yeah rhythm was yeah
3c yeah yeah yeah hey yeah that's what
I'm saying two three boom two three yeah
bro it's all rhythm two three yo stick
to the same side let it bounce off the
same side if you go to a difference I
have throws a 3d for ya okay
grind almost not a minor prize
continually nobody this is getting in
the zone Oz we're not in his face so
hopefully Ryan can focus make it as
straight as your hairline he's nah see
if you can get one on the bottom make it
go to one on the bottom I'll just do
this quickly I'm gonna see how skilled I
am by making myself have one block on
the bottom and just going off that one
block so I'll mess up on purpose here so
now I have to let me mess up one more
time I'm too good okay there we go
now let me stack one all the way up to
the top
you guys are seeing this focus minor
pride let me do your magic you can do my
major I got thrown off the rythm stress
I just did a blind around and I actually
got like a bunch in a row so no eyes no
looking he's gonna feel the rhythm
I don't know who saw that one but if we
slow motion that when I went here it was
supposed to go all the way on the side
but it glitched back to the right so
actually showing that the game's rigged
but I just wanted to show you guys
update still haven't won don't care
about these little baby prizes but I've
been hitting perfect every single time
like when you do three on a row or two
in a row and then it goes down to one
I do perfect every single time I don't
get not bad so I don't get game that I
mean who can get this this is me so why
have it not one another one this is bad
bad bad that's Pat look at this angle I
got going guys here we go
you're in the game with me let's go down
the center we're gonna go take take a
left let's go
perfect perfect perfect
I lost back at the top here we go oh I
know I said I didn't want to take a
minor prize but screw it what do we got
what a Toy Story sticker let me guess
let me guess okay I selected the prize
oh I can select it what the heck I don't
know they upgraded this machine before
you couldn't select it this is amazing
but they're all Toy Story stickers so
it's it's not it's not amazing just just
give it to me oh yeah nice and slow
oh here we go get me a hat great I have
enough of these Toy Story 2 hasn't even
come out like it's not even like a
recent movie I have nothing gets a movie
but I mean at least update your stickers
Ryan got you a prize for money please
there you go we'll give that to a fan
tonight at the RAM reasoning concert
alright it's keeping that I honestly
think we gonna take a little break here
no let's play your game okay we're gonna
play a game on Ryan's channel for a bit
he is gonna do this basketball game
because sometimes you just need to take
a break so Ryan really knows a way to
rig this game we have the arcade masters
he's gonna show you how to win every
single time
just like I'm showing you how to win
every single time guys smash like but if
you haven't already I need the good luck
I might even try putting like a bowling
ball in there in the machine or
something I'm a good friend guys so
here's three bucks towards the game Ryan
three of the hundred take the money and
here's the life hack that I know I don't
know why it's called slam dunk when you
can only shoot I mean unless they want
me to like pull you home too heavy for
that I'm not a kid anymore but on your
head top the Hat cause drained respect
that I don't know to witness Ryan buzzes
Satan they turned on the music as soon
as I hit that dunk I mean whoa I might
as well try once for my channel guys use
my reach and just the plop buzz where's
the balls give me the balls use your
reach and drop it in and drop it in on
it's amiss give me the balls man - boss
- talk breach Oh off the head talk one
more piece when you're a tall guy you
can do that and honestly I needed that
game as a break from the stacker and I
need one more game there's one more game
in the arcade that I played all the time
as a kid Loki I had it I was obsessed
that Dance Dance Revolution you guys may
know it by in the groove pump it up -
but the game is now working last time it
was broken that I'm here peep how wavy I
am we're gonna pick a decent songs cuz
honestly I'm nice we are going to not do
easy easy - easy
or bumblebee I know this one I saw this
one's been on with you forever
take it no no I need to go back oh my
god I don't even know how to make it
harder and easier so now I'm just like
doing easy watches perfect yep and and
get that exercise sweet little bumblebee
down and we're all good combo combo down
up okay this is just markup we're going
on harder the funk factory let's get it
this is not a joke you guys thought it
was the game it's not a game I'm good
this is you gotta hold the back where I
pulled the backpack
miss miss yeah yeah yeah down up down
down down down okay oh this guy's jerky
bro you're missing all of it bro on that
note we're over this game
I'll let Ryan do the last one because
I'm a bad lover I don't I don't know so
we're on like ground like 70
we've won one minor prize but that's cuz
I have chose not to win any of the other
minor prizes we had to pick up ginger
ale because your boy is exhausted I'm
getting sweaty like this is intense guys
this is not a joke this game does not
want to cooperate with me stacker you're
not winning this time I got 30 more
tries I'm coming in hot I don't know
what to do I really don't know what to
tell you guys I know how to get to the
second top every time but the top is a
little bit hard for me but I'm not gonna
stop okay guys I'm gonna keep doing
these arcade games and I'm gonna win
stock okay you know what sucker you were
talking all day run the loonie
let's go again
start it up let's go yeah yeah shut up
stocker I'm gonna talk let's go what do
you want what do you want stocker do you
want the ones on the left you want the
ones on the Left I'll give it to you on
the left bless up take the ones on the
left take the ones on left take the ones
on the left row oh you're whack stocker
yeah yeah give me your minor prize look
at that perfect rope oh yeah we're
laughing we're laughing minor prize hell
no I don't want that worst
the game is still ditching
you're too expensive otherwise you got
punch you stupid boxing game I don't
want this you don't want these hands
take it - move out of here
get the hell out of here why are you I'm
playing again
now resorted to me sitting on the ground
I'm sitting on the ground in an arcade
in a bowling alley that's empty with
Ryan's ways I don't know you guys I'm
trying my hardest wolf em you see me I'm
coming up to pretty much second place
every time but second place is not first
place as a competitive person it's hard
to admit when you're when you're losing
okay but it's gotta keep putting in the
money hopefully we meet again last block
and you've let you win six dollars six
loonies what are these six Louise having
fun they're my final loonies it's all I
got
what what video is filmed like that is
that justin bieber justin bieber baby Oh
was he jerky in the music video you see
what I mean guys we're pretty much out
where they filmed Justin Bieber's baby
so even though we're not winning this
guy's going off with Chris Brown he's
eight and there's a disco ball he's aged
in distress okay so we got six bucks
left I'm gonna go for Ryan's gonna go to
I would say three three but I'm a lot
better to be honest so these are mine
these are Ryan's you go first
Brian's going first all right buddy
today she has a push ups all right start
no no oh let's go let's go
that's what I'm talking about that's
what I'm talking about this whoo I
signed to my team that's not who I
signed to my team keep your hand close
to the red that's the hack
oh yeah that's what I'm talking about
Ryan squeeze to the top to the top oh
that's one down you have one dollar left
for the wolf fan bro this is for the
wolf am let's go come on guys hit the
like button kick this man through it I'm
gonna take this 100 series here we go
these guys it's playing with this foot
it's playing on this foot let's go right
okay
it's all good it's all good bro follow
keep it to the top yeah keep it to the
top my throat's this guy texts me lose
yeah when is it Mosca we're trying to
learn arcade hacks bro we're trying to
learn arcade hacks not lies four bucks
to my head top wolf am I'm doing this
for you I'm getting in the zone there's
not a lot of talking but don't even
shine I'm smoking no tickling stalking
me bro
you sure buddy
broke I broke the button
yeah yeah when you wolf ambitious where
you will fan for you will fan for you
will family for you old fan for you old
famil oh yeah so that the rhythm just
switches up the rhythm just wishes up
because I was saying for you off em
alright that's that's all good Wow let's
go let's go speed round head top ten top
ten top head top take top bedtime
bedtime head top its our bedtime all
right
two bucks left screw one one let's go
that's it that's it that's it that's it
that's it that's it that's it yeah
I threw up the lies of a loony the last
one smash that like button guy here we
go guys Corinne I want to take my time
but I swear when I take my time I lose
the rhythm
I lost the rhythm we gotta get it back
Oh kiss all of you get it back
you look back minor price screw that
latts one major prize here we go one in
five seconds to go
oh my god / - like what is gonna lie you
get this the last thing I got I called
it Rohit I'm not gonna go with the
rhythm I'm not gonna go before I'm not
gonna go after it because if you go with
the real I'm running sound running okay
we got 10 seconds buzzer beater I'm just
going around of time when my mind tells
me
this is all this is over so that is that
okay wolf am
that's another hundred dollars spent
that's another hundred dollars lost but
it wasn't really losing I enjoy playing
my game regardless of if I win or lose
but I definitely like winning more so
smash the like button if you want me to
continue this series and for this one
I'm gonna need all of you guys to
comment down below what other games you
want me to play because there is a lot
more games and I need to take a little
break from soccer and come back when I'm
hot so whatever game is your favorite
game in the arcade comment that down
below and what you wish that you won
from the arcade because I'm gonna go for
the big prize if you want to win an Xbox
I'm gonna try and win an Xbox and I'm
gonna give it away to the wolf amp if
you want to win a ps4 iPhone MacBook
whatever you want to win comment it down
below and I will go aiming to any arcade
wherever I have to travel to to win that
prize for you guys and then I'll give it
away cuz I don't need the prize but it's
fun to win prizes so smash the like
button if you want me to do that and I
will see you guys soon are more Wolfie
where we stay just a little bit more
savage in my main channel and as always
it's raining in Ottawa state savage yeah
go
