Wolfie welcome back to more Wolfie guys
I'm not gonna lie today is gonna be a
little bit of a rough day because I'm
already off to a bad start I was
supposed to meet up with milk in the
morning I was supposed to see them do
their prank I promised you guys that but
right now they have already left your
boy slept in like half an hour and I
missed my opportunity the window is now
gone the dogs are barking like crazy I
have to put Prince to the cage wolfies
gone berserk he needs to go on a walk
but like always we always manage to find
a way to power through the days as
savage as possible because you know the
biggest outages on youtube so smash the
like button before we get into this vlog
if you're excited for another vlog and
let's get in to the day I'm also
stressed guys because I lost my lens cap
for my camera so right now I'm trying to
retrace my steps to see if I left it in
the car and is he here not looking good
guys it's days like these where nothing
is going right but you need to power
through them and still have a good time
you know my lens cap is lost even long I
missed out on the prank I'm still gonna
figure out something to make my day a
little better so Jeremy wolf in I hope
you guys are having an amazing day let's
get it don't man think they can just
hide their juice around the house in the
bathroom and man's won't notice I was to
just do it in the bathroom
what is the juice doing in the bathroom
Ryan are you supposed to be drinking up
today you're just gonna lie it to the
swage nation then you're just gonna lie
I found your juice why are you hiding
juices in the washroom what are you
hiding your juice cleanse in the
washroom I see a GI juice thank you is
that supposed to be there exposed dye oh
and I forgot that one and it got warm
Luke I have to throw that out
it should be better so John's doing a
volleyball trickshot video
I haven't played in a while but you know
the boy is always fresh at every sport
Sean's rocking my murse so jealous of
Sean and dad has it as well and
apparently he's brought monsters here so
apparently this guy's disgusting about
you good at volleyball
yeah he's alright
honest there's that team that's like
House lino Team Canada United all right
it's him and one other guy that are
coming so your boy played a little bit
Housley volleyball in the day so we'll
see how I can compete I'm making the new
soccer goal this one gets kind of my
first try one touch just like that don't
judge me Challenge accep this bike done
challenge
he's gotta get it you gotta get it today
you lost three inches of Vertov ernight
all right no communication boys though
you can take it two minute break place
no worries
take your time let me know if you guys
need a setter I got you
again
like dunk challenge like that oh I'm
gonna try that dunk on my channel
because Yolo you're setting Ryan's asset
god he's nice a setting so I need for
one song six-five is actually sure guys
I'm like one of the shortest guys in the
room everyone's taller than me here so
maybe I had another time so we just
finished up dad's video it's gonna be an
absolute banger it's gonna be on his
channel so on and Danan these guys play
for Team Canada jab brought the moat
ridiculous how old it is like 19 18 18
year olds they're like six nine whatever
six seven these guys are dumb I have
volleyball so I mean next time I'll come
back you know spike dunk you know
they're only so good will be so great I
said everything you're not good what
nothing is gonna do if you hit this I'll
put your shoutout oh you know guys were
about to meet up with milk and love you
guys and although I'm Carlton right now
think you don't go to school here you
don't go to school what are you doing I
was just training ball for open gym ball
you sir you I go here I go here looks
like he has guys because we're here to
see now it would only be fair George
George Henning penny gee honey honey now
we're coming to see you boys he knows
where George headed yeah you know you
know where George Hannah knees join in
put your hood up gee honey know you
don't always handedness we're still
looking for George Hannah guys
hopefully we can find this guy in 2017
2018 would be fine first day of campus
hey Bo Ryan's vlogging over here it's my
first day of school high school I don't
know how I'm in high school and
university at the same time with the
subway lines always open in the pizza
bezel the dual line but where to video
the subway line is always so long here
there's one Hawk here there's one hack
you have a subway bacon sometimes one of
the cash registers doesn't work so they
tell you to pay on the other side and
that's how you take the southern waters
what if you're a Good Samaritan no do
that only only a savage dropping it
let's go right now you boys ready to
drop out no boys are you ready are you
dropping out - I'm ready
I'm king savage with you - let's get it
all right guys time to be a little more
low-key you're headed in the classroom
when this camera is massive so if I'm
filming my ankles you know why but just
know this about to be crazy full videos
gonna be on that channel for coming in
the classroom this is where I have to be
low-key because the profs gonna of us be
so putting the camera down okie dokie
alright guys so we just did the prank
it's gonna be on notes channel but you
killed it yeah you killed it too many
people know so it's kind of bad prop
might come out but we're out let's get
it Italy we got a squad of people half
the people that are with us are not even
in that class but they came into class
the show of support so that was crazy
guys honestly I've never done any of
that public prank stuff with smash the
like button and I will do more of that
yeah you guys aren't even in the class
very very quick pit stop at the house I
had to stop by and shower and put on
some clothes before we go out tonight
because tonight is day one of rambles
concert I think we're going to Montreal
as well to go to his concert so if you
guys live in Montreal
I think this vlog will be dropping the
night that his concert is so pull up if
you're from Montreal go to our you know
at Wolfie say what we're in Montreal
yeah spam work yeah and we'll get you in
will get it's all ages so if you're like
10 if you're like 5 pull up to the event
if you're a fetus the friggin rolled out
of the fetus and roll out and let's so
let's get lit at the event tonight but
yeah peep the outfit got the rambarose
merch on I had to show support a bag
that I always wear whatever but this is
the new fit this shirt I don't know what
it is but it's sick and because there's
red and blue you already know what it is
we had to get the red and blue kicks I
mean
Hey
absolute Martinus guys rambharose
concert was crazy i don't know what to
say anymore like guys Omar you guys know
whom are from like back in the day that
Omar guys that Omar was freaking onstage
he performed I think this was his first
time doing it live so that was insane
shout out to Omar that was dope
rambharose was crazy as well round two
tomorrow we're going to Montreal so many
dope people out tonight
Ottawa was representing tonight six one
three already know what it is I'm with
Silvia she's falling asleep in the car
so yeah our dogs we left our dogs at
home and they're home alone tonight so
they're probably like shot all over the
bathroom but we're gonna go see them
can't wait to cuddle prints and Wolfie
jr. let's dad so guys it is the next
morning this has been probably the most
unorganized vlog of my whole entire life
I really don't know what's going on the
last couple days have been a blur we've
just been going to concerts but tonight
we were headed to Montreal again believe
in Sylvia here alone I'm leaving Sylvia
here we're taking a break
okay guys she's not coming with us
tonight she came last night it was lit
with today she's not coming so we're
saying our farewells Sylvia is leaving
right now right so yeah obviously I'm
lucky leaving on having fun she's not
having fun she has to stay here with the
dogs headed her videos for relieving now
I'm gonna end the vlog off there if you
enjoyed it make sure to smash the like
button guys I hit 35,000 likes with no
reason comment down below
whoa via if you shoot me at Sylvia and I
will see you guys in tomorrow's vlog I'm
more wolfy where we stay a little more
Severus in my main channel and as always
stay savage like Oh peace
