and then lock it on hand side
good morning 8 yo what's good boy wolfy
welcome back to another day at war wolfy
Walmart at more wolfy and we're starting
the day off by doing a challenge for
Chad with a J aka jazz channel link will
be in the description basically what's
the challenge yet basically I thought
I'd asked you know the poorest guy I
know and the richest guy I know ok what
is it basically we reaching you at $75
and we're gonna see who has the most out
who can make the most little fit all
right well you guys can see what I'm
wearing right now Ryan does not own
off-white so we're gonna see what we can
pop in Walmart smashes like button if
you're excited for another vlog I static
now you guys know I did the challenge
with Sylvia the other day $20 or $40
Walmart outfit challenge so I kind of
already have an advantage on this type
of stuff I don't know if Chad knows
anything
I know Ryan's waist is super familiar
with Walmart stuff is like that's all he
wears literally I tell him like yo just
wear some wear some other stuff wears
some base stuff he's like not Walmart
all day until I died so I love it so
basically Ryan might win this challenge
I might give him the W on that but at
least if I have 75 bucks your boy might
be coughing some friggin spider-man of
it bro Ryan you didn't tell me you
started working for modeling hey my dude
over there but Ryan sways right here now
guys I know I said Walmart they don't
have a strength in jeans and stuff like
like pants and stuff like that but all I
know is with the outfit that I'm
currently going with I need pants so I'm
in the jeans section let's see if I can
find some some Robins jeans moving on to
the shoes guys everybody let's be honest
if you had a skateboarding phase which
everyone did you rock shoes that were
wider than they are long
what are those man those cannot go in my
and one pile I do want to give a
shout-out to my girlfriend Sylvia
because her challenge got me ready for
this and now I'm pretty amped I know
what not to get what to get the prices
of things at Walmart so while chad is
back there struggling your boy is
fullhalfie I'm done my pile about to go
by starburst guys I can't show you the
whole outfit because it's gonna be on
Dad's Channel but just know this is the
T and I think
I'm winning I think I'm winning this
challenge I'm on one I'm coughing the
shirt that's how nice I look right now
so guys we are on our way somewhere
right now Ryan is stressed
Ryan does not know where we're going
right now but how you vlog just know
that we're about to go somewhere special
this is Ryan's favorite place in the
world to go home yeah yeah do you have
any idea where we're going
what do you have any idea we're going
right now like the new cut guys do you
know where we're going
you open window and car are getting I
can't afford the damages
this is me stop put it in park there we
go beat this
BTS turn off this because it'll be
turning in neutral you know a neutral
noise yeah you're just in neutral
I'm eight let's go this is lid and if
you're feeling risky guys while you're
washing the car put on these G's or do
this ya never do that never do that when
you're washing a car alright it's coming
to your side first put it down put it
down put the window down No watch this
put the window down and then lock it on
your hand side oh my god
it's wondering like if we could start
next week yeah next week around the like
ten yeah yeah um you're a good match
boys that was a dope match boys good
game boys hold it down on the Bronco
yeah yeah hold it down hold it down now
let's not play yeah let's not play - our
diet wolfy is back guys we are about to
do a workout meet Dustin and Ryan and we
got to get these games let's get them up
higher than all set the digital warmup
how bad you want it we just get started
that workout was madness huh I just need
water now goddamn wolfy oh why don't you
work out with us why don't you work
having us off France where you going
why are you ready oh my god all right
wolf am so pretty much I literally tried
on shoes earlier dad's video from
Walmart and they're like a classic vans
but I only have blacks and whites and I
only have like two slip-on vans there's
a mall an hour from my house that sells
the ones that I think I want and I need
to go get them so we have one hour to go
get them gonna be a little bit of a
mission cuz it's really bad weather
outside but I am craving these vans
shout out to jad for making me fry them
and wear them because now I know I
really want them so I'm gonna go get
them these are not no hypebeast these
are the typical vans but I need to get
either the checkered pair and these pair
as well because your boy doesn't have a
basics so we're going back to the basics
there's gas you think this is a joke
this is not a joke
your boys about to get his vans I'm
coming right in for vans right away
let's get it here I'm a
not these ones but I've found the two
pairs of hands that I like and they're
right up in this section guys so I came
I saw I conquered
Ryan Z's shoutout to Riley for coming if
you're his friend and you don't believe
him he was in the blog so he came inside
without your stuff no no no two more
pairs here I came I saw I conquered I
told you guys I was coming for the shoes
and I got the shoes so now that I got
the shoes pretty much the food court is
what we're after probably just to get
some chicken something healthy I'm just
gonna get chicken not even the rice
because we had a hard workout and then
we're going back to the crib so we are
about to head downtown to the mall we
are meeting up with an old friend of
mine guys I don't know if you guys know
who this is I don't think he's ever been
in the vlogs but me and my homies from
day one you already know what it is he
goes by mr. I'm right there if you don't
know who that is then I'll play you a
track so you can know who it is
because if we're gonna go meet up with
him we have to see his latest tracks to
impress him you know what I mean so let
me put on his newest local album here
guys you're gonna learn these are PR
skills if you're meeting up with someone
you want to know what music they've
dropped recently so we're gonna just you
know this one
somebody
mr. ramrod let me beat it up like yagan
looking at and see if we know the words
so we can recite them to somebody like
you know Ram if you copyright me I'm
gonna kill you now make sense alright
we're going to see Ranbir - lets get it
we started shopping your boy is winning
the race like take hey I'm winning the
race let's get it guys mr. ramrod is
here himself this is a shirt I told him
I would copy for him because it I don't
know comment down below does it look
nice watch Rico suave gee show show on
the back show on the back you know the
fit is fresh all right should I call
coffee let's get it guys this is not a
game we're actually copying the shirt
because I'm a good friend long lost
friends since day one I got a cop mr.
ramrod this year let's get
no no don't put that back or let's light
this one caught this with just walk out
with this one go I'm go sweet wish okay
so he went to Rito Center when I ran
into it the best girl ever who's hooking
us up Fabian shot you want to know oh my
god anyways anyways that so that's so
guys this is showing you that sweet
dreams
link in description carpet carpet carpet
carpet tell them tell them Ram sweeter
dreams can come true look at that real
life and on pace you guys he hooked it
up with submerge so gotta show this
homie love let's get it so today is a
big day
not only because Ram riddles is here ok
Ram Ricci the legend the goat the
sweeter man himself is here shout out to
him mad chill guy it's been so long I
haven't seen him forever so good to
catch up with him but to apparently I
don't know if you guys know these
youtubers there's youtubers I want you
to comment down below who you think they
are they do prank videos on YouTube they
are from Canada so they're Canadian boys
they speak like this for the boys a but
and they're pretty poppin so pretty much
they have four letters in their name the
first one is an N so I'll give you two
seconds to comment down below
okay you guys probably didn't get it
it's nelq nelq is coming here for the
boys we're gonna see what they're up to
okay hit it hit it dunk for the blog has
hobbes oh my god in those kids too hi oh
saying the cameras on me flopped I'll
give you one more attempt guys he just
hit the greasiest dunk off camp lady I
didn't think it had those bunnies in
them that's how tall you 511 no no five
nine done competition that is kind of
hahaha I hate a make up for the shot
double Ramos one-on-one Timmy what's it
to 5 or 7 I know
that's one Oh was that in that's - oh
that was dirty swishes no boy no boys I
hear ya
please dunk on Ryan's head oh he's
driving in that we're in whoa look a
layup this is one on one day here we go
see drive the rim drive the rim slop no
defense Ryan doesn't play too much
defense got it snow did you go up and
clap jt3 on his head hey relax the
mellow ball over here right through the
wolf em yep every time you say for the
wolf it automatically goes in for the
wolf em ah that was for the space nation
why is this guy wearing a banty playing
ball I'm step game point on I told you
guys about this before the double rim on
the net really affects your shooting you
cannot shoot it in but let's see if Ryan
can finish it off strong you know game
winning interview how do you feel I feel
good there's a quick game I'm exhausted
you're sweaty yeah it was up to seven oh
my gosh yeah how do you feel all day
is not on YouTube literally just in
Ottawa hey no pulled up for the boys
alright guys so the knelt boys are here
right now basically if you guys don't
know who they are they are they're
pranksters on YouTube they do a lot of
crazy stuff in public so I thought why
not spice up the night by seeing if I
can prank someone I'm not gonna try and
prank them today because they're very
very hard to prank but someone who's
very easy to prank is Ryan I thought of
a really easy idea to do on Ryan tonight
I'm gonna put the camera to the side
hopefully he doesn't see it but I'm
gonna try and convince this guy that his
Instagram just got verified because he
will get super super super excited smash
alike but if I should try it on all my
friends at separate times so it's not as
like obvious that I'm doing it if we can
hit 30 thousand likes on this vlog I
will do it to my girlfriend my mom my
dad and get all their reactions
separately I think it's gonna be a
banger but just for now let's test the
waters let's see if we can get Ryan's
what do you mean look at the friggin
check mark right beside your name are
you Mike Rowe go look at the check mark
right beside your name look at your
Instagram dude why are you going on some
next story look here it's again what on
what are you don't look at your verified
on mine it says your verified so it must
be loading I tried breaking you in your
over Oh
you know but the nelq boys are here
one guy Oh - Oh Kyle Jessi here here
here here here you know what that means
tomorrow is gonna be an elaborate day we
are going to do a print I'm not gonna do
a panic but I'm gonna support them do
the prank I'm coming drop poets guys oh
my god
a hundred thousand likes on this video
no 120 thousand likes on this video and
I will drop out of a fake class that I'm
not in which I'm shook to do because I'm
not these two guys we do it regularly
but no I'll do it with you on your
channel 120,000 likes hit the like one
guys smash - like when let's go screw it
everyone's gonna know me in the class
but I don't care I'll do it for the
wolfram I love you guys let's go time to
surprise Silvia with her happy geez
woogie you want to surprise the mom
would you want to surprise your mom with
a hat prince grace you want a surprise
what are you guys doing watch out can
you guys not get in my way
Tobias filming a video so they oh hello
we're back we're surprising you with a
hat AHA this is from Bram Rios let's see
here she know I'm sweet cuz I eat I'm an
that guys we got her the pineapple hat
do you like it do you like it or not I
do like it okay then stop asking these
guys okay no one cares what the screen
so I'm looking at the screen worry about
yourself she likes it wolf what I said
tell him thank you she says thank you
whoopee good boy all right you can go
now Prince kids come here it's not
begging to go with your mom come on out
their room please out their infants
after room wolf good boys I'm gonna
close the door now
grades oh my god Brits this guy is
literally begging you're begging you're
thirsty Prince good boy come on Prince
come on Prince Wolfie I see you good boy
good boys yeah both my sons are here oh
it's not growling at Wolfie your boy is
ending the night off
right on the couch but to catch up on
some ozark to show me until you've been
watching thank god the tedious
it's very late right now but we're real
fans so we're gonna watch it anyways
very addicting show and this TV isn't
really good we just got to get like the
surround sound and everything hooked up
in this house but tomorrow morning
should be a litte more nning because I
think very bright and early we are going
to do a prank
on a school or something like that I'm
just pretty much getting behind the
scenes of it this is gonna be my first
big public prank that I'm gonna be
involved in so I'm super excited smash
that like button if you guys are excited
as well I'm gonna end the vlog off there
because I gotta hit the hay as soon as
I'm done Ozark if you enjoyed and hit
the like button comment down below
Ozark and I will see you guys soon on
more Wolfie where we stay a little bit
more savage in my main channel oh thanks
have a go
