guys I don't even know why they put this
up I never went to the school won't be
walking back to another day another girl
another blog another zooming here here
here yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah we back in
this beat and Wolf family already know
what it is where the light gods of
YouTube so smash the like button if
you're excited for another vlog today we
are pretty much done with the house
we're not really done with it at all but
I mean for what we can do to the house
currently we are done so now I can
finally go outside without having to
worry about shopping for supplies for
the house getting couches and stuff like
that so today we're gonna go have a bit
of fun
we're gonna go to Ryan's old University
slash College you don't know what that
is in Canada we have University and we
have College what are you in I am in
high school Oh 17 I'll do 17 18 19 16 13
so we're gonna go back we're gonna go
see the new youths that are at Ryan's
school
Ryan's probably gonna go prank them a
bit how does your bub rank ster how does
your bum feel did you guys - look I
didn't really go you didn't know what if
you poke on campus I might have to hey
guys I haven't went to the bathroom Ryan
went off David texted this morning his
bum is kind of fine bongo bongo you're
good ball goes good I mean I think we
didn't take enough of that laxatives or
the Xbox so yeah we probably gonna have
to do a part 2 coming soon guys Ryan
went and just bought more Xbox because
the first wave was not working yo yeah
more alright guys so we just pulled up
to the school as you can see the main
campus is right there but there's a
super big line of cars like moving in
because everybody's moving in I think
this is technically like one of the
first days of school or I don't even
think school start it might start on a
Monday but during the weekend is when
everyone's coming from out of town and
even in town and moving into residents
residence is pretty much like your house
on campus so it's probably gonna be a
little bit wild here let's see if anyone
knows right boys guys a security we're
gonna try and go around we're gonna try
and lie to him and say we're going to
one of the buildings at the school
because it says no entry so let's see
that stuff right now if he says go
around them all but I'm going to try and
grease it you just got
stupid sir we have a meeting in the
river building turn around and wait in
that big lineup guys it's a parking like
right beside it if I go out back on
Bronson and coming yeah I hear you but
if I come in from the other side oh okay
there's a triathlon so they shot half
the street there's no greasing our way
past this guy is because Ryan wants to
go shopping I'll give you enough of my
merch and you want to come - this will
provide Carlton merch bro all right
school spirit I'm here I got to support
the fam
the only reason I'm here is because of
Ryan guys that's the only reason I don't
like this school guys I'm a high school
kid I heard this ridiculous Brian your
age the team you never made just take
that over you sure you want to do this
why are you buying that my merch is
coming in for all man's today so why are
you buying it yeah you're right yeah
please
let me see let me see let me zoom oh
yeah do your face so this is coming in
the gymnasium guys and there's gonna be
something what oh they have a subway
here I'm amazed about that but keep it
you're gonna see something on the right
side which is lit your boy is here silly
I'm sorry about this but this is two
girls guys I don't even know why they
put this up I never went to the school
I'm still in high school so I have I'm
confused why this pictures up here but
yo Ryan
Brian stop reliving your days on the
ball Clark
let me see you on the water where are
you on the wall where are you are you on
the wall or is it just me on the wall
girl oh it looks like me ah yeah let's
do it
look at me on the wall Jesus Ryan is
literally spying on first-years playing
ball and he's not on the wall
if only sleaze is on the wall oh yeah he
was Wow good job anyways guys as you can
see Carlton was winning every single
basketball championship ranging from
2009 to 2017 but they don't put enough
respect on this ball players News so
guys it literally it feels nice I don't
know like something about being on the
wall already slain can't put up with
this I explained it well I'm not I'm 17
they put me on here because they knew
like Carlton wanted me to come to their
school so bad they actually put me on
what with photoshop my face on the wall
with yeah yeah I was with two things
this before Sylvia but they Photoshop me
there because they like your Wolfie will
put you front and center prime like real
estate location but please come to our
school book please I said now I got a
full ride scholarship to Harvard and I
got to turn it down because YouTube's my
dream
you choose the passion I got to please
the wolf em so that's what happened guys
Tuesday and then I took his the
scholarship violence of Harvard cuz I'm
a genius so you and Williams and I went
we went to Carlton and couldn't even go
on the ball team turns out guys Carlton
won do you know Ryan sways 0 next
episode will attempt to go to a
preschool
so guys we just did a friggin scene for
Dustin's video basically he's gonna have
like it's a giant box for it's gonna be
on his channel but in his video I had to
hit the port with a bat okay guys so I
may or may not have swung like this and
it traveled down and smoked myself in
the ankle so I just took a bat to this
ankle if you can't see that it's
swelling it's been like two minutes and
this is a regular ankle you can see the
bone already this one's starting to
swell up all the way over here till if I
don't walk because you know when you're
like hurt yourself and then the first
day it's you're kind of in shock and it
doesn't hurt that bad second day so
you're gonna get a bruise looks like
been in there what like if you got a
bruise like you wouldn't just go right
away oh no the bruise is actually gonna
show up the bruise will show up because
I actually got hit so it'll show us but
this is old guys prepare to see a mod
ankle and me limping the next three
vlogs so it's gonna be like a shaky vlog
get ready it's gonna be yeah actually
like the story is like with a bat no
joke Dustin's helped me how I think he's
getting the ice to ice it cuz this is no
joke guys when you get injured and you
actually get hit and you actually get a
bruise then you actually ice it and
actually hurt your Hospital please stop
zooming it making light of the situation
this is not a joke guys you know what
part of you will go ahead what the angle
David Ober can cut his hand open keep
logging wha what do you guys think about
Dave Alberg style how them did it is it
close to my face right now while I love
the adorbix vlogs he's dope yeah but he
actually has good leather filming skills
what he actually has give Tony skills
burnin alright guys so is this alright
what your ankle
oh yeah that wasn't me that was good Oh
people new wolfy rots merch guys if you
ordered this you're gonna little wedding
is gonna be crutches crutches at the
wolf fun look at this got the wolf logo
here and it goes wolf in the back so if
you ordered this and the new purpose
which get excited for that yeah
obviously I got a rock Justin Bieber
with anything I do I love you Justin
Bieber please PLEASE DM me bro I don't
wanna come to your concert oh oh
time to ice it up like what Oh Ethan you
ankle guys look at this oh I'm movin
movin move so guys this is what happened
basically the Box word is here link will
be in the description of Dustin's video
where he built it but I was destroying
it I I did one vertical right there no
no this is real pain guys this is not
use of acting this guys I put you in
college I was in shock replay that so I
hit left right and then down and slow
motion you can see it the back going
down and then watch it just bounce off
of my ankle hits my ankle
bounces off I'm like okay this is what
happened
geez the gym is looking fresh but I mean
it could look a lot nicer so what do you
say wolf amp like we should probably set
it up right yeah I think we should set
this bad boy out but ah you guys know I
love my magic so here we go if you guys
hit the like
right now in three seconds this is going
to be a complete gym fully setup and
everything
okay well if M so here we go three two
one boom complete the gym we got all of
the weights right in front of the mirror
you already know what it is purpose
torrid slip and a wolfy wraps merge
wolfy wraps are comical caught yourself
some we got the bike here the bike is
wavy I definitely I don't think I need
how to learn how to how to ride a bike
and then this is the most important
thing because you can do so much on just
this you can do squats on this rack you
can do deadlifts with this bar because
all the weights are over here I got our
unboxing though still you can do in
heroes with these weights guys you can
do anything with this in every different
way shoulder press whatever you want and
we also picked up some perfect push-ups
as well because I'm gonna be doing those
and bands on bands on bands ankle
weights we got it all let's hit it
alright guys so the house is starting to
come together couch is here I think the
dogs are gonna spend their first night
at the new house tonight right there in
their bed if they got their toys they
got more toys and chewy things the
mirror setup here now we're just trying
to figure out the TV and like the base
what is that called
sub woofer and everything we're trying
to figure out also chromecast on the TV
because chromecast is essential to
living in any house there's stuff laid
out over here but the goal is to have
all of this clean by the end of the day
alright guys so excuse the camera
quality but I'm here at Walmart with
Sylvia right now literally we're doing
some outfit challenge for her channel
we're about to split up he's gonna go do
her stuff and pick out enough for me I'm
gonna go pick out an outfit for her
super late and they kind of got bags
under my eyes but just know we had to
switch up the camera for this one but
all I'm seeing is on this sums up
McDonald's in a nutshell
guys I'm currently cringing at these gas
prices right now what is this like who's
mad like where's the president where's
the price why does it have 1.3 I'm
stressed I'm stressed this is madness
usually it's like $1.99 why is it money
keep going up it's not even a Tuesday
the dogs first night in the new house
freaking spoopy so he just went
downstairs and they are shook dogs watch
this Prince come to Daddy come here come
here
good boy wait so scared so he just went
downstairs that's it
crying wolfies literally crying guys
good boy whoa your first time in the new
house holy Prince you're so cute buddy
no need to Bart guys look at how good
these dogs are mom they think this is
like when we first got them and then we
went in the shower
these dogs were literally shook because
they thought we were get like getting
hurt in the shower stuff so they were
just crying crying crying okay I'm gonna
go downstairs okay guys I don't know how
to lift this okay we already went
through this see you in a bit guys stay
stay safe okay Prince I'll meet you in a
bit okay calm down
Wolfie um Prince
Sofia they're crying for you Prince no
need to bark I'll bring you guys you
guys Charlie just sleeping he said he
needed to end the vlog but he fell
asleep in the bugs are you guys that's
the end of the vlog let's see if I can
remember Charlie's outro that's it for
today's vlog everybody comment wolfy jr.
rocks in the comment section and I'll
see you guys in my next vlog and stay
savage and hit the like button okay I
think that's everything hit I think I
think I hit the major points did I we'll
be okay goodnight bye guys
