we came back up a bit but boom this is
over I think he's no don't look
he this kid see yourself am I looking at
the camera just look at this this is
weird this is weird this is so weird we
need these guys never wow this is hot
getting cut hey you what's get your boy
wolfy welcome back tomorrow big day
we're doing something extremely special
because this is the first reaction video
in the new house so because of that go
down and smash the like button
I want minimum 40,000 likes or me and
Ryan have done with these reaction
videos and I know you guys love them so
very up and go ahead I like but anyways
today we are reacting or I can't see
himself in the new camera eyes this
carries over wide it's a wide lens so
I'm like looking at you guys I don't
know it's I want to connect to the
viewer I want to connect this as the
viewer writes look at this rate I'm
rides a chameleon right now anyways
today we are reacting to this god this
new song basically like a team 10 diss
track one you said it was horrible yeah
yeah that one that one that one team ten
and Jake pop this track this one you put
a lot of effort into if you guys don't
know who dis god is used to hold me this
guy pretty much one of the best rappers
on on YouTube we knows YouTube knowledge
okay so I'm expecting this to be a
banger this is the music video it just
came out the first point one second
looks wavy is where I have a puddi but
how do you feel though how do I feel
about what are these dision since you're
a boy you're applying for team 10
alright so little rough but watch out
what are you team 10 right you pick one
buddy
alright not team 10 you want a big sides
Wow you're team 10 I can't pick your
spot bro you're joining team test either
one alright guys so anyways let's just
start off this reaction video anyway
let's get it he's got the bay puddi and
by the way this is good quality
alright flexing his job
helicopters that was his plan
okay T Grizzlies supreme woody catalana
I don't want a possibility at times but
guys if you don't know what instrumental
he's using I hate comments cuz I already
know there's gonna be comments oh you
copy you bit T grizzly okay first day
out no it's just it was that's what he's
supposed to do okay
so I'm expecting to see me you know that
one the legs here figure you don't like
his hair right it's getting really to
say that when did I say that you're like
let's start be for them so this is us
and we begin so cloud all right this guy
come at your boy how about my head top
row yeah me at me I'm in the word for
wolfy this track tell me some lines big
nose you just want to go yeah I need
some Oh anyways here's T Grizzlies
listen to this these niggas preying on
my downfall these niggas know this one
hit the roads dog with the road yarn
anyways we're about to play this one the
blood camera Air Force Ones jeez he's
got Birds he doesn't burst
Wow some of these lines online only try
had with Siri guys can you get your
phone you have a seven plus hey Siri I
don't like I don't have that option on
my is my CD going out with the
background how many of your phones did i
just mess up you don't ever new series a
real girl yeah but I search mind do a
guy time ago cuz I wanted I wanted to go
yeah yeah I'm he actually met see that's
wavy like the only new Siri I thought
she was just like on your phone and shit
yeah that's the whole point
Oh watch that Swiss I read that bird I
want to hear the bass drum or the best
part oh shit
okay.what allegation oh here we go
cause that bitch lied okay so that's
where you comes back in with the other
white folks severe reaction now you see
a little ear cuz this is the lyric that
he used in the other instrumental and
then you put it over T grizzly you gotta
know it bro how the heck you know the
lyrics already because I know the last
rap that he dropped then why did you
watch it
are you ready did you watch the lyric
did you watch them you ready at this
check on them then I'm not you are bro
you texted me this morning so show the
text right yes god more like dis wack
you're half black you're all wack look
I'm delirious oh yeah I would narrate
that shady that's this way he's there if
I've ever heard one
the only thing I'm a little cheesed
about in it like I obviously I don't
want to hate but the only thing I'm
cheese about is that we're 1 minute and
40 seconds in this is a minute left and
he's just starting a robbery team 10
mention one you know what I mean like
but you should be right at but I would
do the same thing because you got to get
the views like you got to get the views
but the first part was just like you
know this is what I can do second parts
like y'all I'm gonna come at everyone in
team tens head so we'll go back and
we'll start with that again okay
okay fax that's a shot
geez coming at you next time with an ice
black shoes okay that line is overlooked
by everybody
I really gets just like a little inside
joke polkas yeah but that line right
here listen to this one he's like y'all
some fuck boys Michael Jack Michael
Jackson Michael Jackson boys yeah Wow
take that in he's like your boy but
Michael Jackson boys oh my god I feel
like I'm not not a lot of people are
like taking that line in yeah there's a
lot of people that are so young that
don't even know Michael Jackson is there
like okay they know yes but no they
don't like here to be mad people comment
down below do you know Michael Jackson
II do you not if you don't know Michael
they know is fun so five seconds of
summer
Oh what are you talking about my unsub
to me then google it then come back jeez
that's a wizard power
did you take that line in what I said
your big ready I'm breaking the song
down I was breaking her down tripping
out bro I ever seen I watched a lot of
TV as a kid this guy said you're getting
big-headed like Squidward's house and
that's good we're toasting spongebob Wow
this is where Squidward lived I mean
there's not much headed like school
that's like where I am like he's got a
big nose big nose this God come from his
mother's week like seven days get it
yeah cuz they roll there's seven days in
a week Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
Friday Saturday Sunday yeah but this guy
was that big dates in a week yeah but
he's like you guys are weak WEA K but he
was referring to a week w ee k oh my
triple meaning but big and if you spell
week backwards it's qui and that's his
middle name
it's Q alright so what do you think
about that that's I think personally the
really good bar wise I honestly think
like that was up there if you label bars
so I don't understand why you're writing
a discharge you just a lot of similes a
lot of metaphors in there but yeah sex
groups are coming out like rice ways
he's really good so I don't know why
you're trying to write a diss track on
him what just stop don't worry go in it
yeah
Ben the movie Maze Runner you build
amazing okay row this God we need some
help really don't need help then why is
it taking you so long to write a
discharge because I wanted to be
perfection you're coming from nah I'm
coming I'm coming first good I'm coming
for someone not coming for discard I'm
not scared at all I'm not here this guy
oh you're acting you're we discard
beyond me we'll get him buddy why do you
need a rope seems like a great guy he's
nice flow is he gonna write your part
horse yourself anyways guys uh yeah
that's one of my favorite diss tracks on
YouTube
as of right now it's a bullet sucking up
to him if you're dissing them that's
that makes no sense I don't get it him
and rice have similar flows some might
say he writes from some might say III
really think I like both of their diss
tracks to be honest I wish if I had some
criticism to give to this one I wish off
the bat you started coming at team 10
yeah I have nothing against team 10
except the fact that for that you'll
need this Nick Crompton no you came out
Erica quick like one-liner you just Nick
Compton probably I think two times yeah
I forgot you listen to this long 20
times before guys I hope you enjoyed the
video if you did go down and smash that
like button because we're always right
so like button and it's the first
reaction in this new house so one of the
new houses don't have to Ryan for being
in the video not be able to see yourself
feel good I feel like I'm more connected
with my fans guys I love you so much if
you love me head to my channel pointed
this guy how to carry your job I'll give
them one reason why they subscribe to
you because they're one of my brothers
and the other are the Dolans when Raycom
slash slays Dolan so has Pontiac Maybach
Music lik ethat but no seriously you
to.com slash ryan sweets go buy my merch
if you haven't already and I will see
you guys soon another banger video where
we say how do you know my own answer on
this channel where we stand a little bit
more savage on my main channel and as
always stay savage if anybody is coming
on my head talk feel free to call my
head top but just know that you're
digging yourself a great ok
you're digging yourself a great piece
