what's here that your boy will see
welcome back to more Wolfie I promised
you guys a house tour I promised you
guys a bunch of stuff I got to update
you guys real quick before we start this
tour first of all shout out to all my
wolf em because we officially almost
sold out on all the merch okay guys you
guys have been going nuts coughing did
copying that behind the new hats okay
the hats are pretty much the only thing
left on the site right now but you guys
went off on everything so shuttle to the
wolf Emma I love you guys so much give
yourself a pat on the back right now but
we are gonna be restocking them soon so
look forward to that if you missed out
on the merch make sure to get it super
early next time it's up it's coming back
on the site very soon second thing I
want to talk about is this is just a
temporary house that me and Sylvia are
gonna be living in because we are
currently in the process of moving to LA
very very very very soon
okay so stay tuned for that I got to
give you guys a bit of a warning because
the house is nowhere near done it's a
little bit of a mess we've been trying
to move in for the past couple of days
that's why I've been just showing you
guys me shopping because literally from
when I wake up in the morning when I go
to sleep at night that's all I've been
doing shop shop shop build build boost
up in so without further ado let's go in
a little bit of a house tour so guys got
a box here okay this is from the
sub-woofer
that we just made also we completely
repainted the house from scratch like
the people that were in this house
before even though we're only staying in
this house temporarily they had it like
red they have it like some rooms
literally lime green and I was like
that's not gonna fly for my videos so we
said repaint the whole house great so
it's taken them a couple days the bed is
right here guys me and so we were
sleeping here for like the first couple
days that we were in this house and the
painters would knock on the door every
morning at like 7:00 we have TV mounts
TV box or monitor box right there the TV
is still not up okay we're trying to get
like this dope theme in the room with
this like cool little futuristic fan and
everything so we're trying to match up
to that coffee table is nice the box yet
as well as the chromecast there right
there this is probably one of the only
times that I will be wearing shoes in my
house I never did in any other house
wait I know I took off the easy you can
see if I use and says over there as
super beat but it's because we're gonna
clean everything once everything settled
all of Sylvia's clothes need to eat over
this area but they are pretty much
blocking the space between the two
islands these are like the moat right
here yeah you gave it up saying keep
some tea we'll just came in today with
the chairs so I'm super excited about
that I'm sorry about the lighting in
here guys
the lighting also we need to switch out
pretty much all the lighting or you
could just do this or we could just do
this
Wow that made it create actually that
did kind of make a little key difference
so we got the light this one's burnt out
show it to that late you're burnt out we
don't like you see boring old stuff
there's gonna be a lot of DIYs in this
area this is pretty much the laundry
room this is where I don't do any
laundry Sylvia does everything I don't
even know how to work the laundry
machine I'm 17 years old
what else do we got hanging over here
this is for Sylvia she's because she's
gonna be ironing the clothes I also
really don't know how to do that there's
a sink here so Sylvia is also easy
because we didn't have a sink in the
last house but one thing I'm happy but
I'm not that age to do one thing I'm
happy but in this house is that it's
like 12 o'clock right now and boom I can
stop I can go I can do ever I want
because we're not an apartment anymore
condos are lit okay I have my condo life
probably gonna have more condo life but
for the time being I'm gonna take full
advantage of the fact that I can yell
and stall from my own house come down
this hallway painters still aren't done
they got to finish another little thing
there's like quotes all over the house
that the old people have bathroom here
gonna turn a new life on Frank closet
here low fan doesn't care about lights
because I'm a star as we go down this
aisle guys you can see the painting is
still not done I'm kind of depressed
about but this is my pride and joy this
is what I set up today my office okay
it's echoing here because I do not have
all the stuff set up on the walls that's
gonna reduce the echo but keep the new
part of your dog 34-inch on your head
we upgrading the upgrade house we
upgrade monitors and we are the two on
the side and peak the sound so pretty
much you can listen to it's super loud
I'm the super big screen which I'm aged
about play brothers I'm putting up on
the wall because they had to there
wasn't enough space in the last time so
we had to keep them on the floor these
play buttons are right there these are
the 100k plaques shut up to those shut
to YouTube sujin walk to the beat P like
you a lot but why I have one office when
you can have two offices so second
office still is not set up at all here's
where all the sound boards are guys
these are what you need the velcro to
reduce the echo in the room nothing
crazy
mini fridge mini fridge this is like a
guest office so like when you come over
and you're editing Ryan I'm talking to
you mainly because you do that all the
time this is where you can sit where you
have a better office that you have in
your actual house so there you go that
what the old people have that that we're
cutting out immediately not their
bathroom here is their life in it
oh there's actually nice lighting here
but the painters took off - turn off the
mirrors so we got to get new mirrors new
new artsy stuff this is my favorite part
though is their licensure yeah they get
the burn zone the lights in the master
bedroom was burnt out but the bed got
you today and it is the comfiest bed and
the planet wolf am okay cost a lot of
money
but we gotta sleep okay got a guy you
gotta sleep check out the walk-in closet
this is also something that is a work in
progress right now we got all my hoodies
laid out in alphabetical order right
here but yeah pretty much they're
organized by color I wanted to do that
for so long we got some of the shoes
right here shout out to Perez kicks
right there the human races
Easy's and stuff over here we got lots
of pants but these are all my favorite
pants my shirts haven't finished this
all the hats are up there including my
merch hats go buy one if you haven't
already Wolfie Escom and then Sylvia has
so much to do like this is how my stuff
- on the ground
there's a lot of work to do on that
front but we've been working on it's
super hard this is a master bathroom
pretty nice the shower is something that
I really like we got like a bunch of
stuff on that back this super deep but I
mean it's 2017 who the hell takes baths
again haven't hung up the mirrors
mirrors are literally pretty much
sitting there so this is I think a
majority of the upstairs let's go to the
downstairs I wish it was more laid
outside because guys one of the big
things about this house is that there's
a crazy crazy view of the back like I
know we had a lake but we got a pretty
great lake in the backyard so that's
probably one of the selling points of
this house is that there's a sick view
so just imagine guys out there there's a
sick view okay can you see it you really
can't see anything right now in the dark
but it's all good there is a sick view
take my word for it so moving over to
the downstairs
we got the matching dog gate with the
rails because we have a look swaggy but
we started to make sure the dog then
climbed through the railing and fall to
their death so I mean we got this I
gotta figure this out wolf em hey you're
not gonna hurt this is I did okay okay
okay Cho okay I got it you're like you
don't get it well fam it's really hard
we're Harper the dog ate this is old
alright so yeah so he doesn't even know
how to open the doggy okay so it's a
lift and pull team so moving on to
downstairs I don't think there's too
many lights here we're gonna have to
make do with the phone your bigger house
look like poop no guys really I'll hit
the like button if you want to see a
better tour in the light because this is
kind of old but this is what we are
literally working right now look at all
these boxes they're all mine why do they
leave every light in this house burnt
out so all they're not burnt out you
just don't know where they are
oh yeah that's that's right late okay
guys so as you can see again painters
need to still finish the wall so they
haven't put those on but one thing I'm
proud about which the boys don't have
your boy barely even drapes cuz I'm like
seventeen and I can't but you have to be
a good host okay you have to be a good
host so what do you want we got every
selection I went to the store stocked up
on every soda there I was for all you
Americans okay because we call it pop
but I got a I got to fit in with the
Americans because I'm going to LA soon
so get ready we got soda here we got
bunch of stuff that you guys probably
don't even know what it is but just know
that this is tequila killa is a mod king
and then all of this stuff but you
thought it was done there no there's a
lot more options in the fridge got
Sylvia her white wine because she loves
white wine nothing's nothing's in the
freezer that's gonna move but yeah the
bar is like a work in progress we got to
get rid of these friggin lights these
are the ugliest lights I've ever laid my
eyes on so that's kind of old something
I'm also super happy about we literally
had no storage in the last house but
going straight from the garage there is
a full liquor room of storage we fit our
suitcases over there me and Sylvia
should not have a house this big for the
two of us but when you have two
youtubers living in one house you need a
lot of space
this is Sylvia's private bathroom
downstairs she doesn't need it but this
goes into her Beauty room if we open
this which is kind of lit also a work in
progress this is Sun what our youtubers
been working on behind the scenes let me
turn on my vanity so you can turn on a
new mirror and we can see how lit the
light is oh my god it's blinding the
camera but there's hey turn it up
and you can see me in the beer vlogging
bar here so we got the mirror
so that's Sylvia's beauty room if you
guys want to be a YouTube beauty vlogger
that's pretty much the setup you have to
get and it has to look exactly like that
we also got a haunted closet the guy who
pretty much we just took the house off
of told us not to go in this room so if
you want me to go in there you have to
smash the like button 30,000 likes
minimum I'm not considering it okay I'm
not gonna go in there 30,000 minimum
30,000 likes minimum okay we also have
this is gonna be where the 1gb is um
this TV upstairs the TV is like a
65-inch but shout out to my dog you know
who you are you hooked it up and you
hooked it up with the TV this is the
guest bedroom so if we ever have any
wolf femme staying here or any youtuber
wants to come to the base Europe you're
definitely welcome to come to the base
we got a bed in the middle of the room
yes yeah yeah let's just blame it on the
pages but this is how we make all the
guests sleep okay guys we don't really
care about you I don't care who you are
but you're sleeping in the middle of the
room we got more storage here this is
like our big storage room and this is
where a lot of videos I mean if anything
needs to be lit on fire in my video if
anything needs to explode in my video if
anything needs to just if you just need
to yellows this is where you do it
because if that door closes nobody even
can hear you which is dope
you can stop as loud as you want because
it's cement floors you can't feel it
crazy room for activity there's probably
some of you guys in the comments like
wolfy bro why don't you just put a gym
in here it seems like the perfect place
to put a gym that's right
literally it comes down to the gym
we have the gym floor and a few days
we're getting the whole gym set up so
it's gonna look super dope I'll make
sure to update you guys on that but I'm
super excited to be out home gym with
Amir to see the progress see the games
okay it's gonna be insane gonna make all
the boys come here we're gonna get these
together diet wolfies aged so yeah
that's pretty much I think it there
might be one more thing come we also got
the garage this is something I don't
know I I don't I feel like I have OCD
for this but I love being in stock of
everything as you can see we got toilet
paper for days like just like an Asian
mom's house because I know David has so
much ridiculous amounts of toilet paper
it's like even if there was a flood or
anything or like a hurricane or anything
David it would be set for like a year
and a half he has more than Costco
itself rumor has it so we got that we
got some of the remaining stretch
Armstrongs there to be used in a new
video to come stay tuned for that and we
also have the vacuum that the the people
who have the house knew that me and
Sylvia we're gonna come into this house
so they left a leopard print because
they know Sylvia likes leopard print so
not really crazy in the next few days
we're gonna hopefully put a lot of these
away that's really the goal these are
pretty much yeah there are none of mine
and I did not figure out where
everything goes guys when you move into
a house it takes a long time to set up
the boys pretty much are still moving in
their house and they've been there for
like over a month I wanted to get it
done ASAP so that we could go to LA and
start making moves ASAP so I'm on like a
time crunch okay guys I love Ottawa to
death but there's a lot of crazy stuff
happening in LA a lot of opportunities
for your boy so that is why this is just
gonna be like a temporary house because
our lease was up on the last place that
we had but I think free don't even got
like a massive mirror and everything but
I mean for now we have to put it there
check out the bongo for hooking up the
surround sound
tonight and the house to sound and crazy
because we got the speakers in the room
Thank You Sophia struggling to hold this
camera because like twice her weight but
a lot of big things are coming wolf in
again thank you for buying all the merch
thank you for making it almost sold out
we are gonna climb to the top
we are gonna conquer my dreams okay we
are going to have a good time doing it
we're gonna smash the like button okay
you're gonna smash the like button I
already smashed like button on all my
videos so go down hit that like button
if you haven't already Wolfie raps com2
caught the crazy merch in the Hat it's
so lit oh my god and stay tuned for a
lot of house vlogs and update vlogs
because the next week is gonna be pretty
much this house coming together
finalizing everything with this so in it
not looking like India if you guys want
to see some crazy progression I mean
first you didn't see it like a few days
ago if you wanted to see progressive you
and as did a few days ago this was a
shitstorm there was nothing in it
absolutely ridiculous but me and Silvia
have to continue to keep moving in so
I'm gonna end the vlog off there I know
this wasn't much of a vlog but I had to
give you guys something and I feel like
because you guys are such a big part of
my life you guys like to see this okay
you want to see what your boy Whoopi's
doing so this what I'm doing I will see
you guys soon on mobile where we stay a
little bit more savage than my pain
Channel and as always stay sad Lego
you
