this one's for the wolf am here I walk
the house for you guys good morning
we'll be welcome back tomorrow Wolfie
guys today is the big day hooray
finally we are moving ok so I'm not
gonna show you too much of the new house
because I want it to be a surprise I'm
saving that for a future video slash the
like button because look at the truck if
the truck looks like a game of Tetris
you guys gonna smash the like button
peep how nice the movers are tell me you
ever seen a better truck packed in this
literally up to the very top they put
the garbage cans on the very top look at
that guy's laundry because we didn't
clean it because you're too lazy and
then bears here so we're coming together
this is so much better than us packing
and moving because moving is always a
hassle so it's a blessing to be able to
do this cut out do these guys move my
stuff gotta make sure these guys are
doing a good job though so keep you guys
up to date Jesus the bed is gone what
the heck why has the big gun already
holy I forgot about that dog cage that
was literally for one principle for jr.
were babies only Prince would fit in
this and he would be so small holy this
might be the first time in my whole
lifetime I've been in Ikea and I haven't
made one pun joke very shocking but
today's a serious move so we have to
show everyone stop stop moving so fast
hold up wait look in here yeah you get
something get something honest everyone
hit me with a sign dog give me other
signs pretty good but I'm kind of victim
yo can I get your VIN number your VIN
number I'm just honestly guys yeah we're
done we're done we're done
subscribe to faze roads bro if you want
it to happen it can happen
you know Alex Ernst from david dobrik is
a look at know the Seidman our aged you
know everyone chill we got to make sure
we all got what we wanted all right we
all need to make sure y'all got last
door of the day is this mobili a store I
gotta buy a bed frame because we are
upping the size me and Sylvia are we
can't fit in our bed anymore so 10
minutes before close your boys going in
to get a friggin bed frame let's get it
here the light again here I'm age this
historic chair oh that's what I'm
getting piece this is what I'm talking
about guys I think I might get this for
my house right now sitting on literally
stumps and this is the way via stable
I've ever seen in my life definitely
didn't come in here to focus on that
though I'm here to get a bed in this
place closes in like six minutes so I'm
trying to hurry up and sit on as many
things as possible the girls finding
beds for me right now
no not perfect that's over it was meant
to be guys literally we had 10 minutes
left we still got it and one of the
crazy things is the bed that I picked
out the bed frame that I picked out
which was like really quick but when I
see something I want I have to get it I
can't think about it what was the name
of it wolf I mean it was meant to be it
was friggin meant to be let's go all
right guys we just got back to the new
house new house we're in the garage I'm
not showing it to you it's gonna be a
surprise and I'm gonna show you guys all
the progression we do with the house but
I wanted to tell my mom something when
we just got here is that I didn't buy
the house for me I bought the house for
you guys I got you guys house I don't
need the house I got surprising but you
can have this house now where you could
there's a DIY kitchen in there so so ok
how about if you guys decorate it and
you can you come here a lot yeah then
technically you own part of the house so
technically I got you like a house and a
half yeah yeah so then ok so surprising
mom and dad with new dream is this your
dream house yes
what do you mean Geno's I mean it's just
the garage but is this
but you own part of it you own okay so
this is their dream house guys you gotta
cheat your parents yep get yourself a
house and allow them to come in it so
technically and you get it wait where's
the keys I give you the keys if I get in
if I give them the keys for the house
then technically it's the house so all
right today today today today today
today today mom you don't got all day so
you own part of the house go get
yourself a tutor right here guys
actually I'm gonna show you a tour right
now here you go this is the tube
taking a little break from the whole
move-in process moving in guys is really
hard okay it's a lot of effort you don't
really want to do it and me I just want
to vlog I don't want to move so when
other people lift and build stuff for me
I'm happy but when I have to do it on my
own I kind of give up after the first
hour I'm not even an hour I was there
for like half an hour I was out shopping
today I told Sylvie to do with the
building anyways after that you're gonna
need some royal maid alert and obviously
Bongo at this house just cooks up the
dogs and the burgers on the grill this
is the casserole we got the food cooking
i'ma do my due diligence and make sure
come on just clean off the section over
here we're gonna go inside
you live here cutting wood cutting what
I call soccer games right now even
though we're going into winter cheese no
days off ah no days are this is what we
do and they play Game of Thrones guys
pick up the weight then the bench it off
yeah we did a really steady
tummy but he's not so we have to work
wolfy what are you doing it's Kanye
Kanye you haven't been in the vlogs in a
while how do you feel bro you're good
Prince you good what are you doing dog
literally what are you doing dog the
three boys the three musketeers
I'm officially banded together again and
they're gonna cuddle up right there even
though princess Loki shook of Kanye
Prince cut up with your brother
gotta look your parents come on it's
just Kanye bro you know Kanye where are
you going Prince Ben oh yes yeah this is
chill just chill chill your brother okay
there you go good boy so Prince Kanye
and Wolfie jr. are gonna sleep together
guys I wanted to touch on something
super quickly as you can see if you
haven't seen it for some reason you guys
are copying this hat it's ridiculous
there's so many wolf they don't rock it
with this has to shut it to you guys and
what's making me even more happy is that
I'm seeing literally the merch finally
come in I don't know why it took so long
to ship to a bunch of you guys but every
day I'm getting tweets so if you guys
have got the merch receive the merch any
of the merch it whether it's this
friggin fresh fad with the wolf logo on
it which is dough or the long sleeve tee
or the regular tee the hoodie obviously
the savage hoodie is ridiculous I think
that's like probably the best seller
we gotta restock up on that one soon
because you guys are you're buying it
too quick okay you guys need a cotton
don't know don't come back down let's
let's buy it out to make him restock cuz
we gotta restock the bank Wolfie raps
calm by the merch if you haven't already
but yea it's friggin
don't see you guys so just tweet at me
Wolfie raps be super active and I will
like a bunch of your tweets and I will
be replying for the next actually
forever to all my wolf fam that
constantly show me loyal support don't
worry guys I see you liking my tweets
all the time some of you guys are
ridiculous some of you guys are actually
more savage than me on Twitter loci so
thank you so much for that and cut the
merchant if you haven't already I know I
just said that wolfy honest calm wolfy
you can smell the new merch in their.8
there's exclusive merch in this bag so I
can't even show you guys this this is
like ridiculous stuff in here hey that's
exclusive I told you not to look in the
bag I know you really want to look I
know the wolf is gonna love it but you
can't buddy come here come here
but yeah I'm staying at my mom's house
tonight because technically I am
homeless as of tonight I'm homeless I
moved out of my old home don't even have
internet in the new home painters and
all that stuff I still go into the new
home it's literally a mess there so
that's what I want to show you guys it
yet until I'm done with what I need to
do in that house so that should be up
and running I'd like to say in like a
like a week but I mean who knows with
all this moving stuff probably gonna
show you guys the progressions because
we got to see these host gains if you
know what I mean whoopee I told you not
to go in the bag ok can you sit down yes
sit yes
good boy stay there stay stay I know you
want the bag I know it's got the
exclusive Wolfie merged well you can't
have it are you number one wolf am NOT
if you're number one wolf in not if you
know what I'm talking about
I know Wolfie spoke for me I'm gonna hit
the hay pass out because I'm exhausted
another litte blog we did a lot today
behind the scenes so just stay tuned for
the next couple of laws that drop guys
your boy might be not even in Canada in
the next few days who knows get ready
but I will see you guys soon on more
Wolfie where we stay a little bit more
savage than my main channel smash like
button if you haven't already 35,000
likes
combat down below welcome home because
we in a new house baby I mean it warm
welcoming from all my wolf f I will see
you guys soon
