YouTube what is up guys it is adventure
time where are we riding we are in
Mexico we've been here for a week and we
haven't done a video and we were named
as island over there Dead Island and we
found a hermit crab but we're gonna try
to do it today alright so yeah hang out
with us we're gonna try to put a hermit
crab
hopefully we're successful our Resort
has like a seaweed epidemic going on
look at that every single morning it's
crazy isn't it yeah yeah they do they do
good with it hey Jana your grandpa look
how beautiful it is our resort don't you
think so babe so we kind of got a sneak
through another resort to get to where
we're going yeah I don't think they
actually care this is amazing some
people live in this Ryden yeah I would
miss snow a little bit just a little bit
here's some jet skis we take them out
all right you don't have your jet ski
license
I don't I don't think I need one though
don't touch do not touch that's not our
hold my hand holding it we got more
seaweed epidemic write it this is a
pretty Beach though
riding they have no idea we don't go to
this resort no they took a foot deep
water you would do it too wouldn't you
yeah it is really windy so I hope that
you guys can hear us
oh look at this beach you know do not
jump right in
go over go over there do what and I told
you not to goof
although I want to be honest I kind of
wanted it to just a little bit but
listen to me all right
yes we get across call it the skeleton
bridge yeah don't fall in right up
although if you fell in it be like a
nice Lagoon Tiberium you're gonna swim
in oh there's fish right there right oh
yeah we got to get in the water to
finish don't hurt your feet I am in the
water just so good remember that love
that weird pond we found that's why we
named
what okay every body of water fish pee
and why are you talking about fish
booster here's pili
well then you're gonna get in it fish
pee in every water body of water so it's
not that weird it is a weird color like
over there is a career in blue and here
it's it is literally pika
that's disgusting let's go look for the
hermit crab look at this this is why
it's called Dead Island so so dead
alright so don't step on a hermit crab
we're gonna try to find we found one
just walking along he was just walking
along last time he was really cute right
and I found a spoon do not touch it
that's yeah I know over there I feel
like this is the place we would find a
hermit crabs
keep your eyes peeled
what you did find one no no that's like
literally a slug it's a sale I wouldn't
smash anything you're stepping on my
foot
let's go over here that was the sea
snail so fossil water yes it is - - we
found one look there's this cool is cool
he's a baby
there's his crab claw let's see if it
walk yeah I think this guy's dead
already dude what I think I don't think
he's alive yeah I know buddy just in
case he is let's put him in in the shade
so he can walk away if he needs to okay
I don't know what I don't know why it's
like goose bumps but it is like
searching for a hermit crab write it I
found it it is so amazing look it's a
sandal I've always wanted a sandal
now I've done one
Lucky's moving right there
no you're gonna leave them you can hold
him though here you want to hold him put
your head down
let him walk on you probably jumped off
I'm scared he's scared he's here
is he's really cool isn't he well
mission success right let him go he's
probably freaked out
mission success we'll give me five
that's awesome you know that's a really
good shell what should we name him
scaredy that's a good name that's
appropriate
look he's going underneath the rock all
right what do you say we celebrate by
going to the lagoon
alright let's go it's that way back to
the skeleton bridge a Stegosaurus you're
right unfortunately yeah still working
on that whole time thing
skeleton bridge don't you what you get
shallow you can't just jump into it walk
into it it can't be careful it's a rocky
bottom oh it's slippery too everybody's
like today hey well you have read swim
trunks Andy are you doing the cliff
cliffhanger approach
Hey look Mon Mon Papa and Mama are over
there let's go you can tell them about
your success can you jump into that yes
you can not deep at all it is not deep
this is such a pretty place to swim the
GoPros give me the shark okay I know you
can swim but now you got a free taxi
ride it's getting too deep for me to
walk what you do that's a good we
successfully found a hermit crab guys I
mom this is like the deepest place in
this very deep August and you gotta jump
out far okay oh you're good
nope there they are there there haha
it's like squishy in here
act like you're Iron Man yeah I know
there's a Papo Papo
isn't mr. question the Incredible Hulk
jump yeah splash alright guys we are
done we're gonna get we're going to
relax and have a good last day here in
Mexico so we hope you guys enjoyed this
video we'll be back and our normal
adventures back home soon either way I
do videos all time so hit the subscribe
button if you want to see more videos
from me and that's it you guys have a
great day if it's nice outside go do
something if you're in Mexico go to the
beach oh that's the bonus clip alright
see you guys
things ringing out subscribe oh oh my
god
Ryden alright bonus clip time you want
to sing a song did you make this up
alright there's the Sun did you get that
from cheats that Nitza chichén itzá yeah
you're crawling all over me alright my
god
