YouTube what's up guys I am in LA with
chalo chalo
his name's chill Oh William Spencer
people write this weird saying your own
name I didn't know I said your name
Kevin and gotcha yeah no but he's
putting the skateboard together and I
was like you should let me film it and
I'm gonna talk to him and he's gonna
tell you all about it could be fun and
then he'll do a trick maybe for you he's
going to try at least he's there's so
many things I want to say a thank you
Jason for doing this in the first place
sixth grade yearbook I think he told me
a story said he was dancing yeah it's
like it's like I think it was added
dance or maybe he's just dancing
it makes me so happy than like honesty
in that eyebrow make this face any time
I try to dance they're nice enough books
that's quality control right there seven
one six two yeah you know this board to
actually specifically for you because we
didn't have your size yeah you roll
sorry I wasn't trying to like Pat myself
on the back I was just because people
are gonna die I want that board sorry I
always trying to pay you well because I
because I'm so appreciative of you
making it I appreciate your appreciation
I appreciate your star-lord jacket going
on here
thanks up to the thrift store I was
freezing cold and I was like I have to
have it for $7 so we got the three black
board 7.62 gorgeous top sheet I got this
piece of grip tape that I just stole
from Richie I think he got it from
grizzly he left it in my house so I feel
like it's fair as your is that okay yeah
that's a cool graphic though I like yeah
that bear is so these are tiny and
miniature but it's a skateboarder who
has actually said some really nice
things about me and I don't like him
because that I like him cuz he's
incredible but Ryan go on this is his
pro will the kaepa back noseblunt on
how about the everything that dude
doesn't I know everything he's done but
I'm so hooked on that trip no I know it
was gorgeous
he makes it look good he makes it look
effortless and not only that but the
dude have you ever seen him just messed
around on a red curb it's magic it's
gold wheels I think they started out at
52 50 49 s what you started at 49 well
here's why rich he was trying a trick
where he needed his board to be really
low so these are low these are thunder
lows and they're whatever sot1 45s man
look price tags still on it that's how
much they cost
boom you know what's hard about these is
they stick up a little so the grinding
gets a little ugly I'm actually gonna
get a grinder and take them down flush
so they don't the kingpin doesn't mess
with your MacGyver yeah and then you
have I don't know if this is a smaller
size than usual I feel like this is
pretty standard tiny but I do like the
Phillips head I get it from software
hardware Oh
Hunter I don't know he's gone he's over
there the guy who who owns the company
of these hardware software hardware
software all right I like Phillips do
who just has an Allen head that's one
thing easy I always make fun of that but
this actually comes with one you do and
every time I'm like well I guess no
actually I just like it I like the way
it looks more yeah and it's an x-man I
mean I don't think X makes things cool
Oh
SpaceX I think that's weird that they
take that I think it's weird they call
it the iPhone X obviously 10 did you
know that they just sketched in a line
and then Professor X yeah he kind of
rolled he makes bald look cool and
simultaneously makes being in a
wheelchair fine it's the best case I
would rather be him than me
I'm not used to having grip that has a
cutout and I'm gonna leave it here for
the children on the slide so they fly
the both they're the terrible order but
they're good no way they're gonna be
like man this is the faster of the two
slide I don't even like the arrow in
Mario Kart yeah everybody so we don't
raise her blood she just scratch it off
right yeah they're totally doable a
razor blade longer take your truck and
just grind it down
actually relatively last movie that I
saw was ghostbusters 2 this morning I
like to do them one at a time very
slowly I actually do the old Bosch
technique three views with your four
doofus yeah of course
I'm just so I'm getting my hand warmed
up for them hey honor he's gonna you
missed my hand hurts too yeah favorite
superhero can you pick a favorite can
yeah who's yours spider-man not oh
there's a little setup he was literally
spider-man and the amazing spider-man
movies one and two this spider-man stuff
I did do the spider-man stunts it's true
that's not really right no so movie wise
it's Iron Man rubber ginger crush and
then comic wise it's spider-man
Wow night crawlers so juice so good I
love night crawl growing up yeah I had
his action figure favorite food I make
breakfast sushi like turkey sausage and
egg and chop it up like put it in the
you know frying pan sticky rice that
you'd make sushi with perhaps seaweed
like cool though that sounds legit I
wouldn't I would eat that I would eat
anything I would eat that are you you
are coming to Ohio soon I'm in be ready
okay we're making it you do I had the
one with the suction cups on his hand
yes would you rather get punched in the
face or eat a rocker punch in the face
you're like a stun dudes to punch the
face is a good normal Dave Berg yes I
mean there are a lot of stuntmen that
are actually really gnarly but it's
interesting how much you can get away
with it being fake does draw in a lot of
actual tough guys I get imagine like a
lot of your words like yeah you do
whatever you want to me to give me a
paycheck
yeah don't leave like that there are
they don't last not only because if the
if the stunt coordinator and the
director if they say hey man I want this
guy to come through and knock you over
and I don't want to be big and they like
try and do the gnarliest fall ever
people don't like you know you don't
listen to
they well it's and they just like don't
want people getting broke off unless
they go there that's the shot you get
broke off then you do it they don't like
it if you just get broke off because you
feel like it so would you rather have a
third ear in the middle of your forehead
same size as the other two years that's
right eyeball on your chin
yeah same size as your normal hair on
your forehead or an extra eyeball on
your jawline chin easily you would look
so weird yeah other way you wouldn't
yeah but I've actually seen the third
you're in the middle of faith on
Futurama I'm pretty sure oh really
maybe that's where that came from yeah
what are you what would you how do i
ball - yeah I don't want you to ears
weird like you know it's like mean I
don't want to hear right here that's
weird all right your board is complete
code is complete what are we're dancing
Jason Park Perl model from three-block
Black Thunder lows one forty five forty
nine Ryan wants gold wheels their juju
bearings and then software hardware and
software hardware hardware had a nice
loaded jacket and a nice leather seven
dollar jacket do you want to do trick
yeah I would love to do a trick what do
we call this trick okay oh my gosh sure
that my buddy and me and the land on the
board roll away yeah do you think the
board flies that far usually
probably oh oh dude I accidentally cut
your top half your body that was like
the one time but he did so thank you for
doing this video you guys want to see
more of William online one you'll
probably see him in videos here but his
Instagram is right down in the info
follow bit and enjoy it he is one
talented human being he's one
fantastically amazing well-rounded human
being your nice thing I'm trying to say
yeah thanks guys
I'm sprinting because it's kind of sunny
here but yeah now he's gonna go film a
video with Brett Novak short sighted boy
Spencer thank you guys for watching I do
videos here all the time so if you want
to see more from me just hit the
subscribe button right down below and I
will sure I'll see you tomorrow with
another one but you guys have a good day
if it's nice outside go skateboard I
heard that in my deaf ear that was so
loud yeah have a good one later guys
ready Hut you this morning I was like
dish over Emily
seventh grade seventh grade Cooper time
to this to this
they're like the Cooper flow Jesus
that's me was when he jumped from both
feet on the trucks and I think you can
keep your hands in you just can you
switch feet
