Bry names what is your ideal meal right
now I go tacos a rule what are we doing
here we're instead of a cruiser because
you broke the last one I did all right
we got revived cruiser just the last
yeah we went two of them I broke the
other one so it lasted like nine months
they'll last forever so I'm putting new
it again there was a little bit bigger
than other one though so everyone's
gonna go get one you can't let's say
fall maybe maybe this year though
probably I've got a Ryan trucks disenzo
uh let's see I got das spitfire cheap
shot barriers though these are and then
I don't even know what wheels there but
they're tiny they're not for smallest
wheels we don't make wheels as well so
or they could have been bigger at one
point that just been skated for everyone
yeah maybe I think that came pretty
small about they're like really they're
the thin though you have small wheels
Hardware coated so put it together do
this I've no idea which one's the front
in the back trucks are gonna go perfect
nailed that for now on I'm just gonna
I'm not even good there's two thirds or
two euro gaps at the skate park there's
the bigger gap the one stupid you'll get
the nobody skates and then there's then
then there's a bank right there that one
makes you think that it's a good year
okay I'm not your gamer I'm not even
gonna classify 2-0 anymore what's your
favorite movie of all time
Shawshank Redemption played club now -
jaws doesn't get answered jaws Emma's
wrestling Robert Shaw was a good man
yeah he still is right you did oh okay
he was a good man
yeah that's why said was what group tip
do you have you didn't say that oh my
god Jessup grant I have a script a
script name you can move for you I know
it's backlit well back lady truck one on
all the second trucks going just flying
around on this border here you know that
was gonna wonder why people like set up
videos I don't know cuz like if you're
putting up in forward together in the
warehouse I wouldn't come over and watch
you I don't care I don't even I don't
even care it is my board I got to do is
tighten these bolts up and we're ready
to not do five pretty close
well you say you couldn't do it that was
terrifying last truck is not yeah got a
revived orange lifeline Cruiser board
this doesn't exist it's the only one
existence and then we got force hardware
Orion trucks ascends a model Spitfire
bearings
they're called what are they gold and
cheap shot to track and then small
wheels that I go remember the name small
wheels small wheels they're babies oh
yeah you do got a cable does it yes it's
got nerve racking yeah it is you got oh
wait let me get the proper angle it's
gonna be a bad board you ruined it but
we are totally gonna do a few tricks on
this for you guys
begin the cruiser boarding time which
really no one cruises on the cruise of
where everyone just does tricks that you
can do on a regular board with it it's
just a slightly harder to do it yeah
it's like hey let's skate something
that's more difficult what's up I'm
going to try to keep hook 50/50 on this
thing which is essentially like doing a
two thing unless you skate like
five-inch wide decks or six-inch white
down
crime I look forward to seeing this in
the future hopefully I will feel just
one go it is it's your thing really till
you guys go
the cruiser board is back expect to see
it in the the warehouse and trekkers
right I want you to say five words of
the camera and then the video is over
words to the camera
you don't even oh my gosh everyone has
to be a way so it boot
that was a really good double-book
caught it like it was like eight inches
above the ground you caught it before we
were done on accident I did not mean
good at all
