Wow yeah you just made fall Friday Doug
that was literally punishment on your
feet and then punched on your butt hey
don't promote yeah I know you did you
did double fault really chug Oh Doug you
just got smashed okay cuz you're gonna
get a hit in the feet it hurts enough
but then you get right in the butt
cheeks it's called a feed butt cheek
combo'd it's not good a double doozie if
you make Doug just experienced it I'm
you saw it didn't look good so it
clearly didn't feel good that is the
mathematician of a skate fall right
there and I kind of feel for this fall
out of the fact that I don't actually
feel the fall upset when I do frontside
flips in a premium i kind of get scared
I'm kind of slipping out but I don't
consider that the board is going to land
back on primo in my butt is gonna take
another round of numbness what none none
none goodness there we go is he could
tell he was surprised he hit and he was
like I'm falling and he just got hit in
the freakin rump we got in the rump and
I wouldn't just hit me in the rough but
he's I own my skateboard hit me in the
rump again it double hit me i do want to
point out that that board flipped okay
one he hit primo because he / flipped a
frontside double flip meaning it was
wanted to go another flip and then the
board started doing another flip and a
half just to hit primo on his butt like
what is in Doug doesn't tells ankle that
can flip a board that much honestly what
did Doug us sales eat that morning like
broccoli cereal oh like just like the
worst thing ever because the worst for
you the better it is according to moms
and commercials from the 90s and Doug
had broccoli cereal I was horrible but
if you know if it wouldn't have you
might have led to the double flip he
wouldn't have flipped at four flips I do
got to give it a tug though he handled
it pretty well okay just SAT there and
complained if it was me I'd have been
offended because for whatever reason
like what a stupid fall like that
happens I immediately get like mad at my
skate boards as in other things I
usually think inanimate objects are
trying to make me look dumb and I get
mad at him I kind of want to like teach
them a lesson Doug do not get mad at his
skate we'll just manned up on me as I
yep so Bravo Doug broccoli freakin
cereal fall under your belt you're good
to go only I'm done with that man I go
I'm just saying words this was actually
for we are mentioned 53 so I'm not going
to show you some of the stuff that he
landed on that session because I want to
save it for the episode i will show you
other stuff
proving that he is one talented scape
were so Doug skateboarding right now
there we go that was DDA as I call him
and yes he has a YouTube channel here so
if you want to see more from him go down
in the info and click on it you would
like what you see but I'm done here this
was fall front I hope you guys dug me
just going on talking about a bad fall
that's what I do in these my doom every
two weeks so i'll be back with another
one and i do David videos so watch out
Bryan how should we end this video what
sobbing things going person he escaped
that's a good idea okay all right I'm
gonna pan the camera do you focus at all
dude look at your face okay all right
one what what do you do are you paper
okay you just want I did you just
straight up one have a bag of clothes
I want last time didn't I nope I'll be
you know you want two times ago I
absolutely I'm where I'm gonna go be the
mouth that was probably the dumbest game
of skate ever I'm glad it wasn't until
I'm what I want barely UT yeah I was a
teen cutie like me I'm right yeah yeah
can't believe I said that
you
