greening sucks yes it does cleaning
sucks I say that just because it rhyme
if I make this in this trash can Brian I
am going to buy you a new TV
dude you should make the crap out of
this that's pretty close I was gonna get
you like the smallest cheapest TV at
Target ever like it's been like 30 bucks
I still want that heaven basic yeah I
put it right on my desk oh my gosh it
feels amazing outside I got a scale from
one to ten it feels perfect nothing's
happening so I'm gonna go back inside
that wind is just taking your shove it
and shoving it really wants yeah
Thomas's pants are the sort of thing
that you I never knew existed
the eighth wonder of the world is you
flippin kid you little flippin kid kid
yep this is where I run at the park all
right now this may come on yes it is and
you've never done this you're actually
doing awesome at it I'm gonna set the
camera down but
hold on to those bars okay I was good oh
my gosh we have a stormtrooper and a cat
a stormtrooper who's afraid of a cat oh
my gosh gosh it's almost bedtime but do
you want to show everyone how you can
ask the drop what do it we'll go get
them then I guess it's always smart to
escape with sand or without something on
your feet right yeah like for moccasins
or boots yeah maybe like an empty bag
that's a drop that's pretty good I buy
you two that was it that was his
playground ender
hey what what PJ's you have on noodles
jump on the bed fall back
I like that
you
