warehouse Wednesday yep
ninja what's going on dude yes black
ninja people birds like you did not
flying around did not see this this week
ninja tricks I have a list yes they flip
minutes is gonna warm up maybe not
warming up he's got a working out he's
gotta do it again to the list I haven't
hit Willie grind put front nose on
nollie flat ground hey Roy pulley and a
shovel a flip there's a no one thought
it was weird there's a flat ground not
only on that list no now if you win and
if you do it in ten minutes you get this
thing if you fail then you don't this is
a reoccurring theme and where else
Wednesday how's your pizza Doug great
trick first win the grand well you get
to choose it but he's gonna announce it
what does that mean already first Rick
Rollie pollie ten ten minutes
really long time you do you're off to a
bad start one of the hardest ones I just
wanna get out of the way no Liam check
flip front nose slide side
I'll take it because there's a lot of
complete eight minutes left still when
you are knocking this out show me a clip
what's the last ring how the Willie okay
Humphrey you were proven wrong so let's
prove me wrong you can see it either
yeah I know I didn't say that I wasn't
don't believe anything I ever do I
believe in you would you like Dominic
Willie grind it's the last trick like
seven minutes to do it you're doing on
the rail three minutes and seven seconds
well let's go break something let's try
super hard
say he wants to do it who wants to do it
got me
