Ryden Anthony why today is a very big
day what are you gonna do something you
will Bacchus you're gonna jump into real
boxes hey what's shirt you have on
Oh cat snail Wow
I totally do - high-five yeah yeah all
right so the story behind this video is
that I made a series of videos where I
jumped off of obstacles into boxes there
was a lot of fun and riding saw the
videos when he was younger and just fell
in love with them it got to the point
where he was getting so crazy jumping
off things in the house that we had to
stop letting him watch the videos for a
while but now he's learned a little bit
of self-control he's a little bit older
and today he's finally going to jump
into his own boxes are you ready let's
do this let's do this
your very own box pile ridin yes you can
not yet not yet we have put a helmet on
you okay okay fun
how excited are you I'm glazed you're
great excited yeah me too oh no it's not
gonna pinch you okay don't jump let me
get up there again baby that thing ever
did you title a lot
you
your best one
well that was it he say thanks for
watching my video you guys can you like
my baby guy you're fine no come over
here talk to keep talking did you have
fun
what good I'm glad you did buddy we'll
do this again when you get order okay Oh
there'll be a lot of fun
yeah and club and eat your batty boy and
I'm going up a stupid oh you're gonna
jump aunty your vegetables parenting
wind right here are we at the bonus clip
what I'm gonna grind your than gem in
the boxes what
you can't ally you gotta learn it first
buddy I'm gonna help you all I will and
then you're gonna kick flip and hard
flip I love you
you
