so if you ever wondered what it looked
like to be a good skateboarder no
offense to you if you're not I'm just
saying that's what it looks like when
you're a really good skateboarder fabien
dough rig is the dude in this video and
he is amazing escape boring as you just
saw I it does not look anything like
that when I look down I mean I can do
some tricks here and there but it just
doesn't it doesn't look like that so
hope you guys like this video if you
want to see more amazing content from
Fabien the bottom link right there is
his channel definitely check it out he
is consistently blowing minds off of
people to watch his videos he's so good
at skateboarding check them out if you
want to see more from me I do daily
videos here myself so click the top link
but mainly check out Fabien and that's
it I'm done poor am I
