Stane life 33 people sorry for throwing
plastic bottle at you which is right
here and you know it was convenient and
didn't actually hurt your face so that's
good but I have a long list of things to
do today including receive a thousand
skateboards at the warehouse today so
let's go report for duty and get this
day started
I didn't mow my lawn - apparently I need
sunglasses - because I like all of the
sun's are just in my eyeballs right now
alright so I just got here - this red
quarters that's right now no one is
skating with me today I'm gonna walk in
here and we're gonna put Bry names on
the spot see if you will skateboard
outside of Shrek words because it's easy
to get him skate here I want to go to an
outdoor park because it's beautiful
outside so we will see it is a mess
because everybody and their uncle was
here at straight quarters this last two
weeks fine are you doing Daniel
excellent no okay
but do you want to skateboard outside of
straight quarters have to work Oh
potentially yeah okay well then let's do
it I'll meet you at beach front Park to
3:30 okay I was way easier than I
thought I was gonna be so before I even
got my workday started I made a list I
need this list cuz I have a few things
packing slips for orders for you two
dudes I need to respond to emails I need
to label skateboards I need to pick up
mail for the mailing address I need to
cut my hair because it's always stupid
even after it gets cut it's gonna look
stupid wash my car and then I need to
skateboard with Bryan names which is
awesome I because I don't do that
outside of Shrek words that off the
driver items sure wanna go break
something
the Walmart boards already broken punch
that right now for that
don't do that let's go break the Walmart
work it's a good perfect way to start
the workday I say you throw the skate
box onto it throw it onto it or maybe a
ramp I don't want to break the ramp yeah
drew a pallet you want to throw a pallet
on that skateboard all right no you put
the skateboard the ground you put the
pallet up on the deck you throw the
pallet off of it
that worked good look at it now jump on
it so Aaron Kyra bought these news in
town and they're the worst skateboards
in the whole world it doesn't roll it
literally broke the first trick I did I
did one kickflip and it broke right away
but now I'm ready to start the workday
packing stuff time Andrus aw you're a
good dud you're good you're good you're
good coal praetor I can tell what your
name is you probably kind of look like
Batman and I would embrace that buddy
okay
not everyone looks like Batman Curtiz
guys yes
Kurtis guys ma'am Daniel Pablito if
you're watching this right now please
eat a burrito for dinner tonight
that is your goal that is your personal
goal for today a Clips done on two
emails yes no no yes do we ship to
Antarctica females done
how's your carrot al bride I don't wanna
talk slow it's lunchtime so I'm gonna do
what I always do and watch trailer park
boys and eat my soup that's it
and I'm gonna go just bored and
skateboard type stuff
okay so lunch just happened and it was
fantastic it made my face feel good
about itself but now I'm gonna start
processing yesterday's shipment of
boards which I think there's probably
bout like 600 of these left I don't know
Brian's been rockin but before I do that
you wants me to strategize what decks
are gonna go where are on the shelves
and I really want to clean the show so I
might just say screw counting boards
right now and just do shelves we'll see
and these are disgusting so yeah I'm
actually probably gonna just clean
shelves which is gonna take a long time
so I don't know I might not help Brian
too much but it needs to be done okay
you want to unveil it I the deck you
guys get a little sneak peek of the
spring plenum you ready this looks
really good
chick Lima so b-side guys it comes out
in about two weeks we have a lot of them
so you guys are watching me work I work
right now
this sucks I'm like just cleaning
cleaning shelves is not enjoyable I
clean that show oh hey a shelf I should
clean it what do you know another shelf
I'm gonna clean you hey shelf
you're an idiot I'm gonna clean you and
just when I stopped playing the shelves
I was going to start on these decks
sorting I'm labeling it all on stuff and
then the new skateboards got here so
we're gonna unload this truck and then
get into the mix of all that it feels
amazing outside like on a scale from one
to ten it feels perfect
and this is about 500 skateboards and
there's another 500 but we're gonna
start sorting these out and put them on
the floor over there for them to be
labeled and measured and verified and
shelled it's process
the
so we sorted all the decks now we got a
start labeling everything but we're
gonna put that off until tomorrow
because I got to do some errands and
then get to the skate park this is
almost 2000 skateboards because of
yesterday's shipment but it's a lot of
skateboards we're gearing up for our
spring release what should happen a long
time I'll see at the skate park
good bye alright so Car Wash haircuts
picking up mail from the mailing address
let's do this I'm totally in the carwash
getting attacked by these things oh my
gosh fire this is happening this is
amazing they had a special for like the
works and I was like yeah sure sign me
up it was a good deal then lucky this is
exciting
I am here at the haircut store if that's
a name for it and it is haircut time all
right
oh no you can see it haircut done it
took off a little more than usual that's
always what they do so really they took
off exactly what I expected but it looks
good so I'm fine even if it didn't have
a guy I don't really care on to picking
up mail and then skateboard
all right we're here the skatepark Brian
I got the mail it's in the back seat
good the Bryan beat me here and he's
like all warmed up he's like hey you got
to fill me right now because I can do my
trick and that's not really what he
sounded like that's what I'm gonna do
those things Brian's going for the big
euro gap not look good on a skateboard
whoa why'd you throw do okay so you lent
your kickflip I'm gonna try a few
maneuvers so hopefully I can do
something you technically did that Jacob
we do it what's up dude so
oh hey
something I don't have time to perfect
that haven't done is in like ten years
lessor no go away go thank you for
hanging us for filming good job a
kickflip thanks you filmed like me way
too long I apologize it was not that
long a twenty this no way it was like
thirty unfortunate I have to go buddy
already call what happened there what
did that's been like that for every time
that dropped off the the ghost actually
the warehouse like bade Dillon's hall
okay it is back home to relieve my
babysitter and play with riding for the
rest of day which is the best part of
any day shadow light shadow what all
right I'm done let's drive
and home hopefully the house has not
been too destroyed by riding he is
really good for that these days so let's
go see well hello come here oh I love
you hey come here I missed you
howdy me you are you ready to go to the
park I need some tacos I think we always
eat Chipotle any day in life's I swear
it on you boy as much as it seems he
just asked to do this time go do not
touch my hand hey what's your name
what's your name my B oh it's not Stevie
I think either your name's Stevie no
it's not BV right get in buster go get a
taco don't get the cow go yeah thank you
you gonna kiss you though taco you want
to taco what what do you want listen do
um good guy sniper that's got a favor
house Atlantic good i-94 out to you
once again we're at Chipotle are you
ready to go pick up some food what is in
this bag that I cycle out you you are
awake label daughter
we are at the park and we're going to
eat what what is the loops monster in
there there's a monster in the woods ha
that is scary through that tunnel go
fast fast do the jump
there you go alright so we just filmed a
video on the playground which went up
Thursday and that we were walking the
walking path right and mom called us
you want her to mom I do a little poll
Edith had two other little more that
method on me censoring I love you mama
her up chin up come on come to your chin
up
well don't fall and I can't let go
you fell it was not able to look at look
how far of a drop that would be alright
let go I'll get ya
whoa hey are we done we're gonna go back
to the car go all in
yeah let's go home I'm taco dude night
it's pretty awesome isn't it
I think we have many more these are life
ridin I love you we got home at the same
time his mom didn't buy with mom I found
your mom that was not nice oh did you
line up all your cars and dump out stuff
I think there's bad guys in the kitchen
go get him
Go Go there you go
high five if I fall I'll kill you win
okay okay let me see those dude let me
see those - let me see those cheap hmm
let's get your PJs on boy
alright so you picked up some books
we're gonna read them do you want to
thank somebody for this yeah Jason Park
get this for you I'm a machine
you love it who got you this raw grated
yeah alright so this day and life is
done we're gonna read some books and put
him to bed
did you have a fun time wha I loved it I
always loved hanging out with you buddy
but we're back in a daily life 34 right
don't do do not do not hit yourself in
the face I love you bacon Jay I love you
good and beautiful I love you you too
girl I love you YouTube go okay you
guys see you next time Ruby we waffles
wobbly waffle wise words buddy
I'll walk in the woods myself now won't
see you too much you do you are not
walking in the woods by yourself come on
hey hey out of here out of here come on
silly guy hmm I don't know where that
how did I even come into your head right
what how do you even think of that
you're goofy
you
