so it's time for a Q&A time executing it
coming up Cuba next time where are we
it doesn't matter where we are but who
are weak Ewing Johnny Geiger
let's do Johnny Geiger Roger alright
Johnny
kick Doug off of you're away from your
stool and sit down what hyejeong
I got a prefer he literally kicked you I
will be very nice I'm sorry I just did
what the boss told me to do I can
respect that all right so I asked you
guys to ask questions for Johnny Geiger
here he rides for revive and force
amongst some other fantastic companies
but you guys ask questions on my
facebook and Bryan Ames is going to go
through them on his cell phone right
here and uh Johnny's gonna answer it for
you James Denham James Denham wasn't
know what your favorite Park or my
favorite Park no escape to burn I will
leave the barracks
that's skip it's a good pork it's a good
partner together it's a good park I'm
sure it's the best park I've ever been
to Andreas attack us wants to know flat
ground stairs rails or curves what a
legend is that a serious question
yeah like curbs like not ledges curbs
terms hand rinse girls I'm just kidding
I like to skate ledges but um that's not
will say ledges that was an option so
I'm gonna say ledge okay Mike Mazzella
wants to know what's the best meals
after a day skateboarding - this is the
best meal yeah blonde in mouth oh yeah
good he's this guy eats a lot of
watermelon has so much water man a lot
of skyline too
balli White Way wants to know what's
your personal pain on the varial flip um
I mean there's nothing wrong about it
we're talking about it during day like
Kamath you know you give us hey just uh
yeah okay don't do it in a game of skate
now you can Josie's is dirty you can you
can I think it's a normal trick I think
it's a normal trivia game of skate you
can do it you can do it but the
important thing is that if someone does
do it you can I can do them I can do
them but I don't like to do them they
don't feel good two days ago I tried to
get a likewise want to get one letter on
Johnny Anna gave his cage so I tried to
do varial double flip think I might be
able to go for it and I missed it and
giant labels for you he's probably more
likely to land the double than the
regular you're probably right
that's yeah so Johnny got what I was
don't mess with him yeah I mean various
lips are okay I enjoy like to see I mean
video parts I feel you I respect that a
good looking very well they look bad too
yeah a good looking via alright dog
doesn't tails asks what's your favorite
trick ever
Oh tree flip yeah I agree
I mean it's a fantastic through the flip
trick it is kick flips for days but get
what you always take a close but I think
I think three fresh look is the most
funniest trick ever alright Alfie
Michael wants to know would you ever
touch Brian's beard of course I did you
did have to
I mean that's so weird it's not touching
clouds hugging clouds yeah it's like
heaven
Nicholas cleric kicks wants to know what
your favorite auntie schrock moment oh
that's that's a good question thank you
kiss Dara there are a lot of favorites
and Shrek moans I guess when he fell
down the stairs and faked it and it
wasn't real and he didn't tell me you
thought it was real for dead thought it
was real
I ruined you looks like oh my god I just
Rock almost died anything it was just
fake yep I didn't I do it off I was off
camera actually I do it all the time
even alone I'll just fall in front of
people it was good one too yeah what do
you think right don't fall in public
right Jerry white house wants to know
diva the other hobbies apart from
skateboarding though he does
you
Michael Symon wants to know would you
like to know all the skate tricks are
only know a few Wow
there's no medium what's the deal just
know them all or just know I know a
couple what's the name of Michael Symon
wants to know that well Michael Symon I
want to know every skateboard everyone
I would pick that to fit over just a
couple I would like to pick like 80% so
I can appreciate like 75% so I can
appreciate other people's tricks that I
can't do but if you're getting me like
three tricks for all of them I'm gonna
go with all yeah absent contains a deep
question for Michael I don't think you
meant very came more deeper than I
thought it was going to them start Danny
claw hold wants to know was the hardest
flat country
Oh Danny rocks he's a Liz and Germany
he's awesome
rocks any cold he wants to know what's
the hardest like arching her done oh oh
it's probably maybe maybe it's a fakie
fool cab triple kickflip or a fake you I
mean full cab late double flip one of
those I can't decide like what won't mr
life and you will never do either of
those nope not even close me either them
props dude thanks she shaded tilter
t'nuk most no how long did it take you
and your first kickflip when you started
skating Wow
okay it's a good question um or were you
kicked flipping in the womb it took me
like eight months to be honest but my
first year of skateboarding was just
cruising around I didn't know there was
such thing as a trick on a skateboard it
was just a good mode of transportation
yeah and somebody came over to me some
day and was like hey you know how to
ollie and it was like what's an ollie
and he didn't nollie and I was impressed
and I tried to learn it and I had like
after ad I had like eight months to get
a kink
I'm really glad you learned how to kick
live yeah it was a good moment in
skateboarding yeah it was it was one of
the best moments of apana burgers uh he
asks where is the best place to eat in
Cincinnati well Bailey wag good ad
Bronson right really waggers killer
burger Vinnie beggars not skyline I mean
every place is super good but not
skyline Chinese wrong sorry John you're
wrong
he is wrong it's the landscape she's
never Bronson wants to know how the heck
is so good skating and also what's your
worst skating injury my first injury was
I wrote my ankle like really really bad
one year ago I rolled it like this way
and it still hurts I'm getting better
and better I mean my ankle is gay how
the heck are you so good skateboard Oh
I have a lot of fun let's get farting
that's a good answer good answer on that
note thank you for doing this my friend
if you guys want to check out Johnny's
channel the link will be right down the
info and at the end of this video you
will love what you see don't you think
so right that was awesome
you've reached the end of the meal and
that is true you've reached the end of
the YouTube time
the toddler is singing in that so true I
don't have a word to rhyme that's me -
you understand
