what's up guys so yeah I have one day in
LA I will fly out tonight
and I'm gonna skateboard with some good
dudes but first we're gonna get some
tacos which is good coffee this morning
it's delicious
all right let's go skateboard it's good
board I walk past amazing glitch look
not here skateboard just not at that
amazing spot Spencer I think he
challenged the rock into a game of hacky
sack
I found Los Angeles we go it's right
there I feel like this is the haunted
house from every kid's movie in the 90s
we need to find the national hips kids
these exactly they're there somewhere I
found a William Spencer
right there go look how good you look
dude did you look at yourself in the
mirror this morning and just feel like
I'm alright
I just changed into this out of this
cars oh I'm homeless it's kind of yeah
well yeah my heart is your home this is
actually Spielberg's house this is the
most Jason Park spot I'm glad that I'm
glad you made up there yeah
yeah cool I know I thought you hadn't
like armed gang swings oh it really
looks like it's right now I am sorry I
know look at that congratulations bro
can collar bone fix fix
this right here is rubber it is not easy
to get here to do a trick I just put
them like I'll stand here for a second
that was scary
it's cuz it's in the Sun just say random
Disney characters and it's golden
ding ray look at that guy's hair College
I actually did go to college I might not
have used any knowledge there but I went
there I was really good
don't put that on the internet yeah all
right we're out of here William killed
it I have two shakes but uh well on to
the next button Doug's here but he's
being a youtuber so he won't say hi to
my video whatever YouTube there it is
right we'd be back at the car I just
slammed my camera into the door and I
told my teacher to google it well she
didn't like that all right we are at a
really cool spot to get basketball court
but a bunch of skate stuff this spot
rules Doug yeah this guy's the second
best freestyle in the world but more
importantly how do you guys see people
think nobody literally got second in the
world competition and you go back next
year he's out he's got to defend his
title
yes
that was pretty fly
yeah go to sleep good back tailor like
cracked my hand open it without to kill
you that harpoon yeah it is trying to
get yet what did you cook a dish you
should jump at the wall and just kick
that and do these go wise my boards run
away
flows the kind of being you know wow jug
smooth up I figured most my friends
don't put up with that type of stuff
that's better
I don't know if you're gonna get it good
that's like really uphill you know I
know you could do it better but I don't
think you're gonna get a great one going
up like you could do it perfect and you
wouldn't roll away that fast then again
what do I know I'm the one that not
doing a trick hey you want to prove you
know you want to show us your power
what's second place really looks like in
the world that is not that is not at all
even a joke that is amazing thank you
whoa oh my gosh that's easy
that's just easy for you it's okay it's
like a five out of ten dude no I asked
him I literally just turned it on and
said do a trick that's what I did whoa
dude thank you dude you are a pleasure
thank you as a person and as a
skateboarder
likewise yeah good yeah agreed
all right guys I'm done with this video
I'm going to cook good food and go to
the airport and go home which I'm so
ready to do even though this has been a
cool quick trip because I miss my little
guy so much so thank you for watching
this video if you want to see more from
me click the subscribe button right
below the video and your sign up see
more and then if you want to make sure
you watch my videos click the bell
button I'll notify you when I upload one
that is it all of the wonderful people
that are in this video there's social
medias are down below so check them out
and back them they are awesome not just
on a skateboard and that's it if you
guys have a great day and to take us out
here as a clip from William let's play
basketball now the music's gonna happen
like this
but plate shifts those too early
are you okay I'm gonna get through this
I will put him on top because I'm pretty
sure he made the title of the video also
thank you toast fool to you learn how to
freestyle in my channel too if you want
I mean don't you want to go to your
channel yeah but go to my channel didn't
learn how I'm saying this is Eternals
hey you made the fake trick shirt no
he's actually you're a really good
teacher too I suggest them to do that we
need cool spot that William Spencer
remained up where we've been great
that's me trying to talk
