Wow a big balloon it's a souffle table
it's an air truck he's really good
anything over I don't mind if I go away
believe you with this beat there a white
string I grew this beard with bear grill
and brian is not there to get the clip
oh don't get her dude each of my body
all right
I chopped your head off buddy just for
you look this happened to get hey you
edgell Andy what is he saying are you
eating mine if you know if but if you
can't go we're just gonna get it going
are you serious all right right what are
you doing it's not that was a horrible
tape I don't know what I'm doing this is
a fish out huh
whoo there you go one day you're gonna
hit this rock I promise you know that
you just say nuke tap I just did oh come
on Jordan Wow mm-hmm you are such a Oh
Who I was a high-five see it was like a
compound I can't see
those look good it matches your skin d
like that in a while what should we do
now okay all right well sucks that we
didn't find Brad Pitt but at least we
had a good time right you'd totally just
got a frigate text me oh my gosh let's
go good to jump with a scared cat I am a
scared kid I was in the woods for months
if your mustache is like in your valve
place of smash bros tonight they won't
come I wasn't falling off that
00 wiener
boom there's some bonus footage from the
last season we are avenged that you have
not seen unless you watch Alex hbu news
channel every time I do it we are
avenged episode I make a little video of
the clips i didn't use or like the
outtakes or sloppy tricks on alex's
channel ok at the end of every will
revenge there's a link to go to this but
if you want to guarantee see these
videos just go to Alex pinas channel the
screen is going to change here in a
second and you'll click the bottom like
season six is about to start up we're
almost done with the first two episodes
so we'll get those rolling out here
shortly but that's it i hope you guys
like this video i'm gonna go into
straight quarters and ask Johnny Geiger
a random question and hopefully has a
humorous response because his he's a
funny dude I like him who is your
favorite baseball player and shrunk we
have no idea i don't know fri name's
brian am since my favorite ago he was
actually on the baseball game yeah so
goes amazing michael niren term almost
killed me
you
