Jason is bombing the hill to shred
quarters don't remember have you been
going 15 miles an hour there is the king
of fall Friday himself Jason Park doing
what he does third best okay go second
best is skateboarding he's a very
awesome skateboarder and first best is
obsessing over cats because he doesn't a
lot like it's it's crazy how much this
dude loves cats you scroll through his
iPhone you look at those camera roll
it's just like like 20 cat pictures or
videos and then a weird trick weird
trick 30 cat pictures no joke at all I'm
like not even exaggerating right now but
either way he saw this hill and it was
like love at first hill okay he's tall
do you think I have to bomb this and
everybody else in the car was like let's
think about this Jason it's like a curvy
road through the woods okay if a coyote
does not come out and get you a
semi-truck will okay that will happen of
course he does fall and it's not
worst-case scenario because first case
scenario is that the semi truck would
have whipped around the corner hit with
the nose which just happened to me like
three times it's not a good feeling at
all also sometimes I like that's that's
a possibility because I've not got
hidden by semi truck I did get hit by a
van one time I got hit by a van by Ben
Clary and he I did a backflip and landed
on my butt I hit me hard the car did me
I can't did oh you ran moving okay that
makes more sense
but we let Jason bomb this hill and that
was the outcome it was amazing that he
fell twice in a row like it was just
probably most entertaining 20 seconds so
that I've had in a while
and I did not laugh right away because
it firstly I don't you can't really tell
with a fisheye but like he was going
pretty fast and when he failed like
rolled and like again in the fisheye you
just can't see the depth of it all and I
was kind of scared I was like that did
not look fun at all Jason
they wit back up with a smile on his
face much like he like you normally has
and he was alright nobody laughed again
I was like just I'm going to laugh
indefinitely okay I want you to keep
following J's and just don't get hit by
that semi truck but after the second
fall he popped up and successfully
bombed the hill he knows how the
powerslides used to slow it down but I
mean if you do not know how to bomb
Hills this is a crazy Hill too mom okay
would not end well we'd do something
you'd hit a tree or a car or a car tree
and then the funny thing is is you got
to the end just went into this grass
field and cramped up and just sat there
making weird noises in a field for like
about like five minutes
what's wrong Jason now we just wait in
there for cars drove by two said they
probably thought we hit this guy there's
like me on the road and Jason moaning in
a field not only oh they just hit that
guy maybe I should call the cops
they didn't they should have though
maybe not so there's the story of Jason
parks he'll bomb here in Cincinnati Ohio
we just spent a lot of time with Jason
and he has an awesome guy if you do not
know him that's weird because I post a
lot of footage of him but here's some
footage showing you entertaining and
having a blast on his skateboard
so there you go there's Jason Park doing
what he does and hope you guys Nuggets I
have more Jason footage on the way and I
will be doing more fall Fridays which
happened like every other week kinda so
that's about it but I do daily videos so
hit the subscribe button if you want to
see more from me and I will see you
tomorrow and remember I was about to say
be safe okay
but you hit me the head of the ball I'm
this way look at this black than I did
like friggin door karate guy get off
cool
