warehouse Wednesday Alex you catch this
place destroy it this is gone dude by
the Rays Evan let's go see haven't seen
you in like five minutes dude
yeah doing good man Hamas how is he what
we did as a warehouse ones with Chris in
the past where we shot like a nerf gun
Adam okay we're gonna shoot more way way
more nerf guns at you this time nobody
so same concepts as last time just with
a lot more powerful a lot more numbers
we have an arsenal okay and you're in
for we don't want you get hurt so don't
like maybe close your eyes when you're
doing these tricks I don't know but if
you endure it if you lands five tricks
successfully you get oh my gosh you get
a gift certificate to TGI Fridays if you
go there and you don't want that you get
20 bucks and whatever you don't choose
basically goes to a prize for Aaron
Cairo next week here go clothes ready to
do it agree you signed it for this I
agree
give you heart of the cheating the cheat
all you never got hit by a nerf gun here
Brian not one time is it in shambles and
pieces I was on like yeah it's a spider
is that gonna shoot me too it might it
might have so many guns for the
ceremonial handing of the guns yes I'll
do it
I'm gonna make it epic army style done
let's do this
this is shredder
that works so come down to this
you pick your obstacle 85 tricks on any
obstacle anything hear anything one on
each sure sure we might start with some
box alright we just move this direction
are you ready
I don't know are you guys ready yeah
trick to manual pad you just said
switchback Smith okay good guns are like
riding my of you are just eating Doritos
or Sun Chips
oh he switched it up back
whoa he's actually under the header he's
actually pretty insane next we just said
at the same time right that's crazy
why is that fun
why first try dude feels good right so
here's one again
you guys are trigger-happy yeah on the
bright side this just shows how much of
a man Christian is he's trying a big
flip done so don't don't
okay I'm just leaving how stuff down
south cousin sounds a lot harder than I
thought it it kind of sucks appreciating
with this big of a crew you do a Trekkie
rygar guys I'm gonna be high-fiving for
the next two minutes token that dope
dude all right
award ceremony dude that was so good I
cannot let you do that it sounded like
you were scripting you didn't mean that
at all 21
get over here come on freaking James
Patterson will do those good with me boy
I will take the TGI Fridays oh you go
Aaron Carter we'll get straw the next
week
high-five what else they got for being
here oh my gosh oh geez
dun dun dun
you think he's got this maybe yet that
is so creepy
you
