hello ridin are you ready to skateboard
yeah let's do it let's go get your
helmet yeah
my helmet is IB oh wow it's not hiding
come here come on it's over here come
here right here
it's done it's done looky here look at
your face say I'm looking good alright
I'll show you it yep I forgot it you
want to put stickers on it that matches
you so that's like literally made for
what you're wearing right now right
let's go get stickers come on let's go
you get to pick them out
come on cut right in oh you watch too
many of my videos buddy all right
let's let's be safer okay okay let's go
which one should we get whoo okay a
pancake sticker get a couple more little
skate die sticker do you want a red one
you always like the red ones here do you
want one of these yeah all right all
right you got your doughnut one let's go
do you need help with the stickers pull
all right right there
there's one all right put that on there
don't put it don't put it on okay all
right yeah everybody on the internet is
having OCD that you have two stickers on
top of each other but this is yours your
your stickering all right don't now why
don't you put this over here so we can
like have some room okay up right on
there all right yeah all right put it on
yep I guess that you were gonna put it
there I kind of thought you were are you
out of stickers now all done no we're
not going to get more this is a big
enough stack the board is bigger than
you I'm gonna help you put this like
right here bend your knees a little bit
now take your foot off and go that way
oh there you go yeah yeah go
do it again keep going yeah was it good
hold you going keep going keep going
just keep going
oh you just did your first splits I'm
doing that yeah you're kind of pushing
now buddy good boy you do you didn't
make it that far
thanks a lot my baby oh yeah bye YouTube
hey hey I love you now I'm telling you
that I love you you don't need it okay
YouTube rotten loves you
right now show people what you can do
well you know you are my son oh you
rolled away sideways hit it go hit it
you did it with your shoulder hit the
rock with the rock with the rock with
the rack with the rock that works
