what kind of board do you have it's like
McDonald's skateboard it looks nice
there you go alright so where this ledge
spot here in Cincinnati Ohio with the
whole force team black ninja time off
and just a bunch of people I'm not gonna
name everybody but we're here we're in a
skateboard for you guys it's not mine
that is Doug's I think did you just
throw my skateboard
what do you have to say for yourself oh
oh yeah
sorry you little sorry where you did
don't touch it as gross I think I'm just
gonna
Doug doesn't tell nothing
Johnny Geiger shoots this is the dude
that thinks gonna sing it the first
person to make if you guys watching that
if you guys are watching this video the
day that is uploaded skating hanging
tonight
Ollie's skate park 7:00 p.m. the address
is down there be there Holly skate park
7:00 p.m. tonight be there unless you're
watching this video after a day then
don't go and do go there but we're going
come on let go of it comes
I told you told you you were gonna land
it wasn't amazing yeah
