YouTube what's up guys so the last batch
of old Street footage that I put up you
guys really liked and I mentioned doing
another one and I'm going to do it so
here it is here's another batch of some
of the best times of skateboarding in my
life I used to jump down gaps in rails
way more often so this is gonna be
entertaining for you guys and I'll talk
about it a little bit afterwards but for
now enjoy this raw Street skateboarding
it's a park totally park stuff in there
too
oh my naughty like you the first time
so there you go the first batch was
better I definitely picked like most of
my best tricks for that but I definitely
had a lot of stuff in this one that I
was hyped on and when I put like
something the title is something about
my best skateboarding I've ever done
just because to me I that is what I
always wanted to do I wanted to go down
rails I want to go to in gaps that's
what I thought was the best to have a
skateboarding nowadays my lifestyle and
being a dad in general just doesn't let
me like stay on top of gaps and rails as
much as I'd like so I don't skate them
as often as I want to but I am way
better at different things than I was
back then so it's just it's skating as a
journey not to be like all cheesy and
whatnot but it really is like I'm doing
stuff these days that I am super hyped
on that I could never do back then but I
do miss the times where I like would
walk up to like a 12-7 Billy all right
well let's skate this thing not to say
that I'm not gonna do that stuff ever
again because like just the video part I
released this year had my biggest hubba
I've ever done it was a very tall 12
stair hubba and I'd never done one that
big so I am still growing and I'm still
doing something that I would be psyched
up when I was younger but there you guys
go
there's this feel I hope you enjoyed
this video I don't think I have a ton of
footage that I haven't uploaded a raw
recently like throwback footage so you
might not see this if I do find enough
to make a video out of it I will but I'm
always posting new stuff and I am not
stopping skating at all so hit the
subscribe button you want to see more
from me I do a lot of videos that are
just goofy and fun but I also love doing
videos like this because you know raw
skateboarding raus skateboarding footage
is like that's the only thing I care to
watch when I was younger so there you
guys go I have a new video coming up
tomorrow with skateboarding and so I
will see you then you guys have a great
day and if it's nice outside go out and
skate and if you have an indoor park
that you can skate do that instead if
it's not nice that's it I'm done I'll
see you in the future goodbye
remember duck face people still do that
it doesn't really matter ever they do I
honestly don't care
all right my try to make this nail it
what you guys think I meant that's
annoying
