what's up guys I have some information
for you first off the skate and hang is
this friday that's in two days in
Ollie's skatepark 7pm you need to be
there it's a cincinnati area Northern
Kentucky the info will be all right down
there and a heads up we're still waiting
on force wheels be restocked when we do
we're going to have a huge spring/summer
launch with them and we'll have lots of
stuff for you to get but just bear with
us and we're you know I can explain why
we're having problems where we are and
it'll be you will know as soon as
they're available hang out with this
revive comes out in about three weeks
then you spring stuff and we're going to
give you a chance to win horse meals
right now right here how you're going to
do that is you got to need a picture you
have a picture time okay show them that
picture all right that picture is on the
pores wheels Instagram you're going to
copy that and post it on your own
instagram with the hashtag johnny has a
picture misspell misspell Johnny Jo in
NY that's how you spell Johnny okay
you're going to post that in about three
days we're going to pick three of you
people to win first off we have 50 20
millimeter pebble suck we have 53
millimeter matrix and then we have some
force hardware for the runner so all
that stuff we'll be right down there
info as well three days three days and
yeah I want to see you at this kit skate
name and that's it guys good luck with
the contest
three days did you ever going to be so
no yeah we all the new stuff for the
spring reviving force arrow side sure I
totally just got a phone call either way
all that stuff all your payroll for the
spring launches so it's going to be a
label at the skating so if you want to
get some stuff earlier be there whole
force team gonna be
