we don't know what trick you don't like
I don't know what to tell him
get back inside get back inside now go
warehouse Wednesday
Sam Tabor how's it going buddy all right
well this week you'll get the warm-up at
all you have to do you're really good at
is no comply so Andy came over this
ridiculous no comply combo thing he
wasn't make you do I've never done that
I don't know what it is
he'll tell you but you get ten minutes
to do it if you don't do it then you get
two we could destroy you with this
friggin ball that I started any with and
if you do do it then you destroy us with
that ball nice I don't really I don't
really listen to you but what you're
doing is you're gonna no comply big
heals you do like a nuke apply big heal
very oh here we're gonna call it two
boardslide upon one of the rails and
he's good at him though you're known for
it dude people if you look you up on
Wikipedia it's like he can even do this
trick did I know when people are
shifting their foot to throw a shoe at
me do that too we invented it all my
foot I know it did you made it very
obvious Bry names though no warming up
but and you get to choose you're right
you have ten minutes okay and if you
don't that's gonna happen to you if what
if you do that's gonna happen to me
again I hit the button you ten minutes
on the clock
trick time
that we should know warming up I got ten
minutes I can do whatever man that's a
good point
every I'm paranoid every time I turn
around cuz I think I'm gonna get hit in
the back of the head of the ball you
missed the rail but that was a good that
was a good go I think you could do this
I think you do it how many times in my
videos I think my hand comes in where
I'm talking a lot
how much I myself uh seven minutes 42
seconds next try what is three minutes
and 41 seconds left oh my gosh alright
dump of it uh buh buh buh buh buh two
minutes flat it needs to be right here
you suck at Jenga when you're growing up
yeah
then you might it might not be good at
this it's 20 seconds last you have one
more try yes he failed he failed Sam you
failed yeah you're gonna get attacked by
the balls that we kick at you cover my
face well yeah but we're not gonna worry
about that right now I think you'd land
it you want try to land it you're still
gonna get hit though okay
because I have no idea why I waited this
long to film from this side
what was that it was it dude we're done
oh you did it oh so annoying
battle you are a freakin soldier dude
that was that's like good trick house
party to congratulate you we're gonna
kick a bunch of balls at you oh my gosh
I thought Sam was getting hit dude you
just described me you kicked up all
these parts you could look at my face
like I pulled away from me
all right warehouse Wednesday over now
if your shoe got stuck in a river
