YouTube what's up guys so I recently hit
500,000 subscribers which is amazing
I'll talk about that all in just a
second because I'm going to celebrate by
letting this whole skate park throw
cupcakes at me but first my son ridin is
going to hit me in the face with this
cake are you gonna do this oh yeah
are you excited alright let's do it and
this is just for the video we don't hit
people in the cake in the face with
cakes normally do we oh wow no she hit
really hard hit really hard him in the
face you threw it at me smash it smash
it smash me in the face go come on
smash me oh it was good good job
buddy if anybody wants to hit me in the
face or wherever you choose to with a
cupcake come get one and take these
lobsters out I wanna see yeah you want
to the cake wasn't big enough it's not
gonna do this you know I am well yeah
well I'm gonna do I'm gonna film it and
do it I'm gonna POV it okay for this one
okay you're gonna chuck it don't eat it
just chuck it at me all right three two
one oh hey but there we go guys I've
said this every single time I do these
100 thousand videos Oh a five hundred
thousand is insane I usually think it
was not possible to hit a million but
I'm definitely gonna go for it either
way I love making videos I just want to
I think you go sit down young child I
just want to say thank you for the vow
my heart guys I love making videos and I
can't express how lucky I am that how
that many of you guys out there want to
watch me be an idiot and have fun on
camera so I'm gonna keep making videos I
do them every single day and next time I
hit another 100,000 I'll try to do
another pastry my face get created with
it I think I might do a drive-by caking
next times having fun but thank you guys
and I'm going to let one more kick to
the face
not in the hair who rubs it in the hair
you liked a girl a girl rubs it in the
hair my gosh yeah you're clapping aren't
you - good job mom dad dad
and now you guys are laughing and
enjoying this video at home it's about
to be over you're about to go buy your
day but look I get to clean up all of
this here at the park it's gonna suck
like it right no doodahs e ba ba ba ba
