boom there's jordan hunter this is a
info clips that have been on my channel
before but I needed to tell you guys
about an event coming up and I thought
it'd be kind of cool just to throw a
little quick montage Jordan together
that's what he does he gets better every
single time I skate with my swear he's
an awesome dude but the real reason of
making this video is give you guys a
heads up that we were doing official
force event here in the Midwest at Ali's
skate park on the seventeenth this
friday and ollies is in Florence
Kentucky which is basically the
Cincinnati area it's like Northern
Kentucky so uh cousin Annie pretty much
at seven o'clock Ali's skatepark the
entire team is going to be there I mean
the entire team we're flying in every
one that doesn't live here in the
Midwest and that means Johnny Geiger and
he's Jason park I means Christian that
means Aaron Cairo Doug desa tells Jordan
is going to be there myself and Alex
being that's all of us and it's gonna be
a fun time we're gonna skate with you
guys we're gonna hang out with you guys
and just enjoy the evening in general I
think ty moss is even making the trip
and black ninja so there'll be a bunch
of extra people aside the force people
and then of course the Midwestern revive
dudes so be there ok this is like a once
one chance opportunity where we're all
in one place so we look forward to it
and later in the week i will do a little
giveaway hyping this up a bit more but
just want to give you guys a heads up
that's it i'm going to be consumed by
music oh no and the address to ollies is
right down there if you want to know so
information below music consume me
you
