what's up guys today in life 32 is here
and I'm tired I woke up this morning I
was like man this is gonna be weird to
put a cam in my face right away it's
7:30 and I'm going shred quarters right
now and it's been rainy all week and
it's looking like it's not gonna rain
anytime in the next two hours so but it
drives up today so I can be outside more
than inside because all my dandelions
are me trapped in a warehouse usually
but let's see onward
please could I get light cheese on that
I'm gonna be honest I'm usually here
before Brian I am here before Brian but
I'm usually really here before Brent you
know the advantages of getting here the
same time as me are coming down the line
today no no no oh my gosh this Brody
that that is a dog I did not expect that
to come out of the trunk at all okay oh
yeah hi Brody how you doing the
advantages are that you don't get
attacked when you walk in the where else
yeah yeah I was considering petting you
I call this video dog at the skate park
and everyone's Amelia's done a skate
park it's your private skate ramps on
the ground huh Brody hi oh she landed it
Hey look Brian there's a photo studio
where we work there's now that I have a
clean working area it's time to get some
orders started hi Brody
Michael Michael the intern your
interview right here okay skatepark what
could we do to make it better better
have a pad you just got pen you just got
pen it's a new thing it's a new thing
here in Shrek quarters
okay so I'm doing one new every morning
and that is filling out orders for you
dudes
Ernesto Chavez but I'm gonna give you a
we are revive lactic leave your keep a
Busha you have plans I hope you and your
girlfriend enjoyed the ring Andrew R
Zola my dude John Culver you're a good
dude you're a good dude whoo all right
so packing slips are done Michael is
getting to jump start on those orders
and I am going to do some finance stuff
and prep some videos for the next two
days let me eat lunch to speak Laura's
look at this guy
packaging up your skateboards with care
I'll do a good you do good service I am
welcome aboard
yeah here have this is it for me no but
you happen if you want Brian I challenge
you
we're gonna see who has to pay for lunch
we're gonna throw a tennis ball whoever
hits the pumpkin head with the tennis
ball from across the where else first
does not have to get the pumpkin head
hey where's the tennis ball Brody
you get back here
I did it brand names Baba lunch I did it
it wasn't that good but I did it it took
us way too long dude I'm pretty sure
that my arms gonna be sore tomorrow
we through we've failed that a lot lunch
time thank you Brian hands for the soup
I'm gonna watch The Trailer Park Boys
and eat my soup so I'm basically just
doing odds and ends right now it's it's
kind of a more relaxed workday my next
thing is that we got new foresters and
I'm gonna make Brian Ames try one on
because I want to see it on a body and
they're not ready there you open this on
feel like I feel like giant Geiger right
now huh you look like a lot of people in
the skateboarding world like that I've
never worn all graphing shirt but it
just kind of makes you look like one of
those guys
I feel like Johnny would wear this year
it's probably it'll love that shirt I've
never met Johnny I feel like County with
all this year I'm Adam what do you think
what do you think Brody is it unmovable
in black yes it would look really cool
in black all right so now it's just more
computer work I'm going to do some
planning for our summer and fall release
odds-and-ends stuff like I said probably
do some more video anything who knows
but uh that's it is I'm gonna sweep this
warehouse
and mid work Brian is trying to hit me
with tennis ball let's see if you can do
it dude oh you hit Yoda time to sweep
so it's 2 o'clock I kind of want to go
skateboard and it's raining surprise so
what do you know another day in the life
where I'm skating in Shred quarters I'm
very happy that I have this place them
we gotta say Brody
all right Brian Brody goodbye good work
time first way I'm very sweaty right so
I'm done skating I pretty much just
kickflip to everything in trick quarters
but I had fun so there's that
unfortunately I really get to film
anybody else skating but thank you
Michael for filling me now I'm going to
go home and hang out my child for the
rest of the evening so let's do this all
right Sean home I showered and cleaned
up real fast then relieve the babysitter
who was watching ridin all day and
riding is still sleeping he's he takes a
nap midday and he sleeping late so let's
go wake him up is there a toddler on
this bed here he is man of the hour
how was your day buddy did you go to the
beach today
Barbara yeah what's key rain I
successfully got riding up you say hi to
YouTube hi NQ so what are we gonna do
tonight just me and you tonight I want
you go eat
that's about nine hours away buddy I'm
flying in you okay or or we could go to
Target and get that Lego set because you
did all those chores last night the
believe stormtroopers oh yeah and now we
can you go exactly because we don't have
to drive nine hours yeah yeah all right
sighs Flynn what do you what do you want
for dinner
ah hold it Chipotle what all right let's
get this three-year-old ready to go oh
but eat the beach is something you go to
on vacation we can't get you to go there
right now yeah you nearly Kate
it is not vacation ah you are so scary
I'm scared me man
alright you are ready to go ready to go
target in Chipotle yeah okay all right
are you in here
all right so ride in wanted this Lego
set third a and I told him if he did
five chores he could happen so over the
last two days he successfully did five
chores didn't you buddy yeah okay so
we're gonna go to Target and get the
like a scent and then we're gonna go get
your boat lay we which we eat a lot what
no not sweet property sweet frog you
know buddy we had sweet frog our night
he wants basically ice cream what song
you want to listen to read Dom into the
destitute
alright well isn't it
and we're here riding excited no all
right
I am I know you are now alright that was
a quick turn of events hi we good target
do what we do not need diapers you don't
even wear them anymore real do you see
it yeah there you go buddy
you earned it you did all your chores
and then some technology what you how
many does that in there 4 is the correct
answer
we are back in the car about to go get
your put lane take it home and eat
dinner right buddy yeah yes that's what
we're doing what is with you and say
know who you're gonna call that's right
ghostbusters uh watching ghostbusters
sure there's a cartoon that you would
love oh yeah Ghostbusters cartoon yes
sir
right now that's what I said are you
ready to eat Chipotle yeah we're gonna
pick it up and then we're gonna go home
and eat it right and then play that one
okay I'm more whining right do we have a
bag of Chipotle to go home and eat yes
we do I'm singing to my son who's a
toddler we're home
okay we're gonna have a picnic probably
watch cartoon Avengers or what are you
doing bagel I've got a taco oh yeah that
is Iron Man that dinner good ha ha all
right let's throw it away put the trash
away good job buddy
all right great for those Legos I don't
know you don't need a donut we got to do
to get it to get the stuff out of there
okay oh yeah yeah there you go okay
don't punch all right bags right that's
what we do first
okay now we're going to follow the
directions remember how we've done this
before well get to make the trooper guys
okay guys put his helmet on you just did
your first like a guy all by yourself we
have all of the troopers built yeah
isn't that awesome
you did it Oh oh my gosh it's my unicorn
yeah look how many troopers you had no
he he got hit by laser
so Retton wants to read a Thrasher right
buddy yeah right
more like let's look at the pictures of
skateboarding walk whoo Wow
that's Dan Plunkett oh boy ah yes you do
all right come on we're gonna clean your
room oh so you're just gonna wear that
to bed look really come on the problems
you mentioned in your notes are caused
by a race of pesky creatures continously
Ian's hmm saboom Dan life turns you've
done
hope you guys dug that's uh doing that
we do 33 which we will do I'll do it
went on a nice day where I can go
outside do something different
goodbye goodbye I could binary I don't
like you
that was mean I think I had to make it
to YouTube I I know that was me and
YouTube likes you Oh
say you're sorry that's all you do bye
bye bye
sorry you didn't buy and I joke to you
how what that was creepy you're close to
their house yeah I was a weird thing to
say
here have Mario that's your reflexes
that's how bad they are here watch throw
to me I'll catch it caught it
told you
you
