oh all right
that was Noah right there he did not see
that coming he's pretty clear cuz he was
leaning back very relaxed and the last
thing he thought was gonna do was hit
his head even though what he thought
about it it was like the first thing
that could have happened because it's a
curved ledge and you're leaning backward
it's not a lazy boy okay even though it
looked comfortable when you were leaning
back Noah but that was not a lazy boy
that was a metal ledge that struck your
head oh you can tell by the way he was
leaning back that he just was like
expecting to be able to lay there after
a trick because we all do that it's just
want to lay there for a second and just
think about how he didn't land the trick
I didn't land a trick like that he's
exactly like that actually but instead
there was a metal object and that meant
his head the ledge meant his head and it
was not a good thing and Noah reacted
pretty much the way everybody that hits
their head of the skatepark reacts and
that is run around the skatepark holding
his head but on the bright side at least
he did not see that coming I know it
kind of like is like that's bad because
he thinks that he wasn't he was gonna
get away with lying down but at the same
time if he knew that he was gonna hit
his head and be way worse okay like a
buddy I don't know how you did like
three feet away stop getting my big head
stop it stop it let me think about it we
go to the doctor's office you have to
get a shot you just like staring at your
arm like this is going to suck you're
right it's gonna suck because you're
staring at your arm waiting for it
I mean it's so it's really no you're
welcome okay the ledge says you're
welcome for hitting you in the head when
you didn't see it coming because your
life was way better probably landed your
trick probably just stop skating for the
day you'd have been like alright hit me
in the face and then it would have done
it you didn't home and I have a second
to point out that the guy that it's a
winged and eyeing when Noah Falls the
guy filming he should be a hype man in a
rap song because I just feel like if you
add rap music so that it would work
let's see if that works
so there's that no I actually met Noah
down in Carlsbad
yeah these Carlsbad last year he's just
around the count to me I did a video
with him and I saw this this clip on in
screamin also you're gonna send it to me
this is gonna be a fall Friday it's
amazing and so ya know was alright and
he's a talent escape we're here is a
trick that he landed that day so boom
there's frickin no I hope you guys dug
that song if you guys want to check out
some more schemer from I'll put his
channel and link to like a bigger edit
with that in the info so check that out
there guys go I hope you guys dug this
fall Friday I do have a bi-weekly so
I'll do another one in a couple weeks
that's what by means you idiot I do
videos every day so hit the subscribe
but if you want to see more for me but
to end this I'm gonna show you guys some
revive socks and I think I'm gonna call
them foot hats how was my idea I'm gonna
take credit for that put heads I don't
like it a more reason to like this write
comment go say foot heads for life if
you want these to be called foot dance
that could've been snow I'm gonna cut
your head I'm gonna tie your hats no
you're not cutting my hat your hat
you're not putting my hat
