you got fine destroy me with him would
you like hit me like right there it's
kind of perfect that's good though it's
prefer I think it's a new thing we're to
be doing called penny penny penny people
I was wanting to series of videos like
it your day is not ruined yeah it was
like this one ruined your damn it's like
I took it was open sharpies they better
that would be a rubber on your day yes
but the reason i'm doing this video is
because we're doing a giveaway with
metro skateboarding oh we're doing a
giveaway and easy gadgets we're giving
away some grand stuff and you have
chance to win right here what you're
going to do is that you can be
subscribed to all of our channels okay
the links will be right down there and
at the end of this video and then we're
each going to upload a video of this
nature talking about the contest whatnot
and you're going to comment on all of
those videos only once you can comment
on all three videos but don't spam it
don't like post a million comments if we
see that you're just qualified and
basically just comment whatever you want
and we're going to pick a comment at
random to win on each video and each
video has a different prize package will
tell you what the prize packages are but
you're not going to know which prize
package goes with which channel okay so
it's it's exciting right Alex I'm time
younger than 18 make sure your parents
know you're entering this yeah because
we're going to get your address okay we
don't want to be those dudes getting
children's address online so make sure
your parents know what's up and least on
the revived side you can win anywhere in
the world and what we are giving away
tells about Brennan's orange lifeline
eight-point oh oh yes it's an eight the
new wax force hardware and I'm pretty
stoked on this it's a red and blue I
tada pretty stoked on this one play that
just swirling a strawberry tornado it
wasn't that funny you shouldn't allow it
wasn't a giveaway Gary we're actually
gonna give it away a ton of stuff but
gives you my complete not my complete
but like what's on my board so I'm gonna
hook you up with some black gold grip
which is my company so Spitfire wheels
some thunder trucks and some Spitfire
bearings and ruffneck hardware I'm not
gonna leave you in without nothing I
would sign the board and give it to you
but I want you to skate it and not feel
like you got to keep it on your wall so
don't I don't eat that that's all I'm
saying I'm gonna hook y'all up and they
have all we do where we got some metro
titty tea and any size you need
you say what size you need in the
comment when you comment on the video so
we make sure that we get back to you God
be 18 or older tell them more rules yeah
is it one of our cars going off no let's
go find out no mines all the way down
there goodbye let's go it went alright
and then the Izzy package is what I just
did a video about on Tuesday this is a
turns your phone into a fisheye macro
lens combo thing five lenses and one
snaps onto your phone it's amazing and
then it comes with this lightsaber you
can call it a selfie stick but it's a
remote control it controls your camera
on your phone so you can kind of tripod
it and do that and you can pretend you
have a lightsaber which is kind of cool
to better than taking pictures of your
face with right yes oh yeah ok so those
are the three prize packages you have
one week so to do this so get to
commenting but in one week we will all
pick the winners and we will send it out
like I said you don't know which prize
package you're going to win from which
channel so make sure you comment on all
three videos on the channels and make
sure you're subscribed and then you're
injured the winners will be announced on
metro so keep your eyes peeled dear read
these words it says the same thing and
then when justin gets here let's let's
pin him don't worry dipali one was
current we're gonna pin him alright so
we're waiting for justin to pent him
you're gonna do it I'm do that you're
gonna shoot me with so and you melt the
fuse what did you look at your plug over
there thanks what you did to it unless
of us yours those fans
get to it unless of us yours though oh I
was so scared buddy ran nothing happened
we just want to pen you oh oh yeah right
buddy didn't get hit I kind of missed me
