whorehouse Wednesday no Sam vessel let's
go on buddy ah this week you have to no
no no let's do it where else was it no
you can warm up on whatever the heck you
want to do we gonna do three words no no
no no three tricks on whatever x1
whatever wants to do come on man
okay mom keep going and then after that
you just draw handrails so you're going
to get the rail today um you do two
bucks for every single trick you do you
can't double up you know like you have
five minutes
you have five minutes to do it
apparently I got a regular kit go to
fakie I'm saying I'm not interested I'm
gonna interpret a you have five minutes
to land as many tricks as you can on the
rail okay you get two dollars per trick
regular board so it doesn't count
and you can't double up on a trick by
doing it both regular and fakie it caps
out at 30 bucks case I don't think are
gonna be too rich yeah that's why I said
I didn't come across I say way better
than you do that's what exactly what I
said there yeah I got a beard man oh
dude you gotta watch it with that
you got a screwdriver man all right here
money always really try to hit you in
the face that was going good for dude
you need to put that drill down are you
ready for this I am ready you're gonna
kill it
you're gonna kill it Alex isn't coming
to Alison or my here for these no I know
he's not though all right everybody in
everybody on same Johnny just a lot
occur
and Michael the intern alright we'd be
here
alright first trick warm up what do you
want see what people on what flat wash
give all time people time
that's one warm-up trick one trick
cheeks been bored
engaged us gauge yeah gauge absolutely
does but he did that first try real-time
I went out of town and you did this my
skateboard I do that was last week
thanks buddy back lip whoo all right
you're gonna be the timer guy and do you
have the cash show the cash I have the
cash okay
that is way more than 30 bucks but you
can't win it all but it looks impressive
it does you there's not one single and
I'm camping keeping track you are
keeping track are you ready
no I am ready well he's ready are you're
not ready I'm not hold on five you'll
get back your let go go go go click it
click it I clicked it are you ripping
them off alright go good just make a
mark and count
mark - tricks - four dollars and 45
seconds that's a good that marks a
backflip six bucks and this mark
represents crooked grind eight bucks is
eight dollars two minutes and 47 seconds
left left do don't panic you already
have ten bucks
oh my god so everyone's life flashed
before me not just mine try a hard trick
yet like what a min and a half yeah kick
go for it do it no one's done that 55
seconds just kind of a mean challenge
like go as fast as your kid on the
handrail oh we've got 16 seconds with
you can one truck yeah one try left and
you're tying your shoe we'll give it to
you that won't try
ah how many tricks did he do 55555 trip
all right so you made 10 bucks we'll
round it up to 15 if you land the Kip up
front port in general there's a 10 the
10 the to you did earn the 10 okay this
is like prices right give it say that
give that time you might be able get
this five after you hold on to five
 I was clean five buck Amanda hey
Thomas come quote come lie down under
this ramp my friend alright and now as a
bonus trick kickflip Thomas that's what
you come up with I like it though
it's not a sleeping bag Thomas this is a
ramp all right did allege do that he's
gonna do the ledge instead
what why'd you hit him you trying to hit
me oh absolutely yeah
cuz I landed the truth yeah well good
job
Brian do you have some uh some some feet
hats on right now feet hats yeah that's
what the socks are called foot heads put
hats foot hat side do you understand why
yeah that's for your feet correct
