YouTube what's up guys so I got sent
some stuff some gadgets by easy gadgets
actually this is a iPhone 6 case that
has like a bunch of different lenses on
it attaches to your phone you swivel it
around to go to the different lenses of
one being a fisheye which I've never had
a fish eye for my phone so I'm excited
about that and then there's this which I
hate to say the word but it's kind of
like a selfie stick every time somebody
says the word selfie there's like a
kitten gets punched in the face
somewhere because it's not a good word
but I said it and I'm sorry what to
defend this it's a little better than
that and I like to think of it as like a
handle since you got a cool thing
attached to your phone now it's like a
kind of like a vx handle for your phone
alright and it also is able to take
pictures it syncs with your phone you
can like just snap pictures or you can
imagine it's a lightsaber it's a lot of
cool things other than just being a
stick to take pictures of your face with
either way I'm going to put all this
stuff to use maybe not this so much but
I'm at least going to use the lens and
film some skate clips and we'll see how
it looks it's unfortunately a gloomy day
because Cincinnati is gloomy the second
I try to film every single time also
what I realize you could do with this if
you have your cell phone set up filming
yourself you could totally just like
lightsaber which is yeah using the force
even more just like you know press
record stop stop go go whatever this
could do that so that's pretty cool
alright so we're gonna open this up it's
a box cool presentation alright
slides out here it is this is the Izzy
remix 3 behind phone 6 case and it's got
some twist ties it's like turning your
camera into a camera how's that work oh
I'm an idiot
comes another piece so you need this
thing if you're smart enough to open a
bag alright so you put your phone in
case one alright
makes it Joe this actually kind of a
cool case to it wouldn't protect it but
you'd feel cool you'd be like yeah
that's right
see Silas I can throw my phone across
the park wouldn't protect it but it
would look cool now you place it in here
it is firmly in place
see now it's locked in place okay you
got this lens cloth which was good
because I had some stuff on it from
opening the package oh my gosh it's
awesome
voila now we're going to cut over to
using this thing but I see how this
happens
just rotate the lenses and you get
different different things so this this
is like a fisheye and then it's got like
a wide-angle and then it's got a like a
macro what else
here is the ultra wide-angle Justin me
wide angle yeah
it's ultra wide-angle and then this is
wide-angle the fisheye fisheye that's me
and fish I see the back of your head
it's good to know that's a possible
Delius raining why wouldn't it be
because we're in Cincinnati
all right so unfortunately my battery
died on this as sweet as this thing is
Apple still doesn't know how to make 50%
battery lasts more than 25 minutes so
the overall package is awesome this can
fit I think pretty much any phone you
can get it for any modern phone right
now Android an iPhone that is so I'm
really psyched on it it's unfortunately
the worst lighting out so I'm going to
do another one of these videos when it's
like all gorgeous out so you can really
see what this thing does because light
really makes shots beautiful with lenses
like this so I'm kind of giving you like
it's just not an accurate representation
of what this thing can do but you get
the idea how it turns just a phone into
like a real looking camera it's pretty
sweet and I'm actually giving away one
of these and some other goodies on my
channel along with Metro and the company
itself so watch out I think I'd giveaway
video is going up Thursday that is it
Justin I just get your border in this
video let's go to the warehouse get your
new bearings steel deal okay
when it's ten degrees outside I will
drink iced coffee that makes the nose it
does make sense because I like it so I
drink what I like but it'll make you
core I mean you want to be warmer no I'm
sitting in heat I'm heating the heat
heat warmth of my car drinking it
she'll never know let's let's play a day
let's play a trip down memory lane
