hey how you doing good isn't something
like happening today or something
something is gonna happen it is I'm just
walking out skateboarding what do you
mean that this is what you do every
walked up over nothing happened to me oh
yeah you're just fine no you're
complaining I just wanna make you happy
it's just weird I walked out the door
nothing happens normally things like
well someone's gonna have heard of this
guy you bullying Brian oh I just smacked
him in the chest it was off I don't like
to hit my friends Jordan's going to
swarm up you do three tricks we have a
box box box and do a trick trick and go
up and go down a new whatever there's a
combo there's a gap because you got it
like yeah you got a grinder than mr.
challenge and then since it's the
holidays out right yeah it's a purely
December you're going to be skating over
Christmas tree oh you're gonna have to
do ten tricks over the Christmas tree
you're gonna have five minutes to do it
Oh have you do it you get a little
mystery present we've we've designed for
you if you do not do tension five
minutes put your face in that oh my god
submerge like all of your face I'm
talking like this here's Sam vessels on
here and I was like one I was like what
if he loses is he really gonna do it why
are you gonna do it I don't know you
better
hey how you guys doing good we have a
camera Brian were you seeing that song
don't stop believin will you just a
small-town girl
wow you knew the verse I just wanna do
tire marks I think it's time we buy a
new door I think it was gonna be damaged
this way before this way Brian you're
the host you're on push me to
skateboarding fakie Smith oh good job
alright yeah see what we got going here
so let's like pull this there and you
got to do three tricks to grind to grind
alright are you ready for this to begin
yeah alright hey get your nothing out
because it's the warm up really good
expecting us to slide good I was
actually true yeah you feel so warmer
now no I was like 50 and I was like I'll
try something then just that was
something Brian's trying to kill me boy
Laurie could have taken your ankle out
you had a child what do you think you'd
name it watermelon for sure I know what
he's trying to do but he's not doing it
it keeps missing it gonna be honest I'm
scared to go
I'll take that I'll take it all day
you'll have one of those you get do one
more jingo one more what I made up this
word this is actually work jingo it's a
supporter of the policy favoring war oh
okay sorry I'm sorry I accused you that
oh so hard
yes go touch him and make sure he's warm
you pushed him off got help me up now is
he warm sweaty he just tackled me it
looked like he's that really warm it's
kind of cold actually
hi well mr. challenge time all right so
last time we had you on where else
Wednesday we battled you against a video
game okay yeah the mysteries challenge
is kind of like that we're gonna stay at
the flat bar and I'm gonna set up my my
skateboarder on the skater app and we
gotta see who can land tricks first you
got up due to two tricks if you lose it
just means that I'm better at video
games that you are skateboarding that's
true but you're a really good skateboard
so I think you're gonna be all right
good all right the first trick is a
kickflip front board which you can do
that ever
it's been forever good so you got to do
it this right and I'll stand over there
okay this way yeah
when he says go we can need to start
pushing yeah over here three two one go
all right I'm ready Brian
three two one fly
Vickey regular though how do I save it
now well you saw it on there right yeah
all right yeah he's got a landed though
make him landed I found the one thing
he's not good at
yes I'm texting my wife that's all her
I'll tell her you'll and I'll tell you
I'll tell Brittany you landed a haiku
okay so you get to pick a second trick
but it has to be like some sort of
challenge what about from bigspin board
okay I haven't done one of those in a
while
well that could be good prepared for me
to do first oh he will just saying I
already know it'd be better than him
it's Kate hey they're gonna fix what
he's getting going going to fakie and
that's gonna be way harder I know how to
do that three two one go
I don't know how to me to go back from
fading three two one escape pushing
Mongo
immediately great beat you I did land I
just went to regular alright even match
for rematch someday yeah we will
let's get worried a Brian and let's make
you jump over Chris before you want to
get that ramp yeah that's the best and
then I'll get there's history are you
gonna get the tree gonna skip this is
this gift if he wins everything in here
there could be look a big car in there
alright good luck no I'll shake your
hand now if you do it cuz I think you're
gonna do it are you ready I'm gonna
bonus three seconds when you start going
that's what I would have guess so do i
pause in between well right now yeah
then he stops yes if he just keeps going
don't
some gifts for me
- tricks 20 seconds oh yeah bonus
seconds
I'm just keep foot next friendship oh
yeah right
say you do one one draft you can do one
crap
has he missed a strict no portraits
portraits took one minute you can do one
I don't even want you to do a grab at
this point yeah one grab he's still got
six to go
we try to be weakened we tried to be
hard on him right now
did the melon mitt the trick that's six
tricks how do you do this he's going to
miss in that time right front shove is
probably right here
Wow switch
not going fast enough at all I didn't
know what you were trying you tried half
Kevin I don't think so
there was I was lighting tricks 2
minutes and 48 seconds left he had three
tricks left you son of a gun
yeah he went to the side didn't clear
cut to miss looked to me
I would say yes I mean you have to be
hit the heat height right yes all right
scary how much died yeah
dose more you want to breather my mind
idea hey you've done 180 180
body varial frontside flips melon melon
shove it shove it fresh out of it front
shove it that's it and three more two
more little guys wow that was beautiful
twenty
that was so perfect so good got a minute
he's got 56 seconds 50 seconds
Merry Christmas dude yeah I was not I
would have honestly like I want someone
to lose his bed in a second but like I
didn't want you to have put your face in
the in the house all that how most
happen to Sam and I'm just called him
salmon I said damn I said salmon and how
this happened to salmon well open it up
you got some advice or bearings because
I know that's one of the few sponsors
you don't have I do not so now you can
roll yeah I need bangs really bad and
then yeah then other stuff so the
bearings were from me personally and
then the glasses and the money were from
straight quarters okay you are one of
the most talented skateboarders I've
ever been able to view with my own eyes
man
you're so consistent you never
disappoint and you ride for hella cool
dude skateboards and we're doing an
event along with a lot of other
companies Cincinnati called hella Rama
hail Rama it's an ollie skatepark it is
on the 9th this weekend so if you live
in the area come down somebody'll from
revival be there but he will be there
right reppin force and the Cincinnati
area and he'll go in general so be there
guys I put all the info to the event
right down there
it's gonna be good times it'll be fun
there's a lot of big sponsors yeah like
real spits yeah okay my dudes I was just
talking to Jim fever I should talked
about it that's awesome
I didn't we talked about infinity war
all right
thanks Ben yeah always good goodbye when
I do videos here myself all the time so
if you want to see more videos from me
just hit the subscribe button right down
below a video and those to be sad to see
more and if you want to stay on top of
viewing them there's a bale somewhere
down there click it and it will notify
you'll be like hey and he's got a new
video and you can watch it so thank you
very much I love you guys I appreciate
all the love and support and that's it
that's it tell you by bayi
I said goodbye not a bad buy that was
just well that was an average by the guy
oh my gosh
well Jordan my wife literally says woot
go Jordan
drops from the lady why'd you just punch
my wife
