haha
Garret Jenner people is that was that
Garrett's footage I don't know whose
guest was Garrett's footage it was
amazing you saw the the combo to flat
bar trickery he does and that's rarely
try the end was amazing I've seen him
try and land some of the biggest
handrails out there you will know his
name very soon if you don't already but
he has a YouTube channel definitely
check it out the screens gonna change
and it'll be the bottom line he posts
content on a regular basis and he's a
super nice dude and he's like he said
he's he's up-and-coming and he's a
talented guy
I do the daily videos here myself so hit
the top link for me but the bottom link
is gonna be geared to check it out
that's it ridin you alright buddy and
you fell down on purpose
he gets that for me
