hey a nerf gun might as well go ahead
Breyer names with it who's sitting in
his car over there ever our names are
you doing you got a notification they
did you daisy walk up with it do that
sucked why you hit me in the face it
hurt man did it was the it was the
suction cup darts I don't know they
don't hurt that hurt that sucked don't
have a look Brad watch Point Blank we're
not been heard it wasn't that bad in her
room window down man what where's Justin
he was getting lunch do you get a new CD
player no oh where's he getting lunch at
I don't know but he's getting me food
too that was in my neck whoa that is Wow
come on I was uh this is Christmas
cruising this is what those things that
aren car would say like do not do this
is absolutely one of those things don't
do stuck it to sit what now back Smith
that was a back Smith there should be in
chicken guy that smell yeah how's going
forward congratulations thank you you
get to eat as much as much or as little
as you like good you can make sushi out
of it you're making Scotty if you want
ah reum do kabobs is it so that does it
literally says sushi what oh well it's a
candy oh wow that looks amazing and now
that I actually now that I actually look
at what it is I'm it's stuck to it I'm
two months old probably yeah whatever
its own date YouTube energy bite oh
thanks vibro compete rod just old spot
he's text me in told me that said well p
rogers pick the same spot as me today
parking spot no well no parking spot you
might be party's poppin I'm Sunni skate
spot okay
you about just got Shang Tsung man like
your soul is almost gone Oh suffer what
is the ground youtube what's up guys so
I have a skateboard wheel a pen and a
makeshift desk teeter-totter watch this
gone now I'm gonna be honest I just
tried that for like 10 minutes and I'm
trying to not scream very excitedly
right now but desk Olympics 2016 I'm
freaking coming for you I didn't film it
as good I didn't look as good cuz you
landed it one footer ah it's a me mario
oh my god oh yeah I just like trip to
just flew are you okay no what you did
you hurt everything everything ego I
hurt my pride most of all Thomas the
question is do you suck at skating
stairs intelligent answer not sure
though you're good at it so do it No No
maybe you do maybe you do suck
you know sometimes you're just sitting
here in life and you're like hey there's
Mexico that's right now there's Mexico
you
