what's up guys watch Bill and Ted
recently and I've taken a liking to air
guitar okay watch this
leave it leave it to me to mess up air
guitar yeah that happened but what's up
guys i haven't done an update video in a
while and I'm here doing one right now
but you of course know that because
you're watching it too I'm pretty good
at telling you things you already know
like you're alive okay you know you're
alive unless you're a ghost and if
you're clueless ghost I kind of just
ruined your afterlife either way I'm
doing it I'm talking about things that
are going on so life has been pretty
crazy this year I know I say that but I
I mean it in a different way I'm like
I'm of course busy you guys know that
but I've been traveling a lot like in
January I was in Texas in February i was
in california in march i was pretty much
everywhere like you name a place and i
was i might have been there i might not
know I was there but I was there that
makes sense italy i was probably there
india sign me up but no I was I think I
all right I've traveled four times in
March that was a lot i went to
gatlinburg with the family florida trip
like a day trip down to Florida and I
went to LA and then I went to the Las
Vegas last and now i'm finally back in
since Annie so technically that's five
places which is pretty much the whole
world and with that said I was a sin
Cincinnati a lot because all my trips
are pretty quick you know like Florida
was literally one day and then LA and
las vegas were just like three-day trips
i was never away from my family too much
but my gosh I'm ready just to be home i
think I'm home for like a month and a
half because all the people actually
traveling to me in April so that's kind
of cool but I get to see my son for just
a month and a half straight which is
amazing okay i misses a little face even
though he is three years old and he is a
handful sometimes but i miss him that's
what i do and with all that said in Las
Vegas is amazing I him a fan of Las
Vegas was the first time I've ever been
there and when I got there like I don't
know i don't know what i was expecting i
was expecting it to be grand but it was
good it was grant it was grand her it
was grand grand like it was just
everything with super nice and shiny and
polished and it was just the wow factor
was amazing okay and I was like they're
on a skate trip you know I had to look
event to do with Orion trucks did
definitely got a lot of fun time to Doug
desa tells met met up with me and then
of course black ninja was there so it
was a blast like Thank You Orion trucks
and everyone that came out and hung out
with us and all that it was such a fun
time and I cannot wait to go back there
okay I'm let me care if I go alone like
I just want to be there it was so much
fun that was just my
rant about how much the Las Vegas rocks
oh quit it let make a high school
confession guys okay I wasn't like the
most popular dude in high school I
wasn't unpop I don't know I don't really
care about popularity it was one of
those things that were on my mind so I
was what I was it either way my class
has never had my friends and like ever
like I was I just never knew anybody I
knew people at my high school but I just
didn't know any of my classes the
freakin schedulers were scheming they're
like we want this guy to be the awkward
dude that knows nobody that was me that
was totally me you know I know this
happens in like every you hadn't teenage
movie and one TV show but you know when
the girl was looking at you and talking
which is right at your face like there's
no misconception there it's like it's
right there right at your face and then
it just so happens she's talking the
person behind you like I don't know why
she wouldn't like move her head or you
know we're like a did Tracy I'm talking
to you but no she always talked right
through my head every single girl the
whole world and I started talking back
and it was awkward okay it's not really
confession but this happened all the
time and it's just something I thought
about their day and I was like that is
that was weird like I don't know if that
happened everybody else but it happened
like twice a week to me throughout all
of high school like I was the guy that
like I'm not talking to you what are you
doing for freaking give me because
you're talking at me thinking that
you're talking to me and I was awkward
course you know i was i'm a super
awkward so the girls out there you know
I used to think it was my fault but this
is your fault okay it is absolutely your
fault freakin put your head to the side
girls girls out there and guys I guess
but never was guys guys never talked
through me girls always talk to me at
all times yes I'm thinking this is a PSA
if you're talking to somebody and
there's someone in between you don't
talk through them don't gaze through
them like they're freaking a shield of
human glass that was me though that was
me during high school either way we're
alive and for stuff hey things are going
on I haven't really updated you guys
about in a while so I'm doing that right
now our spring release should have
happened in March that's where we try to
aim it but for whatever reason like our
urethane provider and our would press is
going slightly a lot slower this year
we're trying like right now we're gonna
we're planning for our fall and winter
release like so we're like planning way
ahead because we don't want this to
happen again but the revived spring
launch is happening in this month for
sure probably in a couple weeks here
I'll give you a heads up like closer to
like I'll give you a date as soon as I
know but we'll do a video like the week
of like showing you all the product
what's not we have a new series coming
out
Dex so that's three in debt graphics and
then we have a new color life line which
I think you'll be really psyched about a
lot of people been talking about it
we've actually planning it for a long
time just stay tuned for that and then
we have you know like we have new shirts
coming we have the hardware coming I
believe we have shoelace belts we
haven't we've a lot of stuff in works we
have wax so just stay tuned for all of
this I'll have videos talking about it
but it is happening this month so be on
the lookout and also we just restocked
on like all of our decks so if you need
a deck right now we pretty much have
every existing graphic right now in
stock especially the liftgate died
unlimited series deck whatever that is
because that always goes fast but now
we're like fully stocked on them so if
you want that deck it's there along with
everything else just a heads up because
I didn't do a video saying hey we
restocked but we did totally restocked
and with force things are a little weird
we actually changed our urethane
provider which caused a huge hiccup in
production it's still the same formula
it's like a really hard 99 durometer
street wheel and they skate great and is
actually the paint on the wheel other
people care about graphics on wheels so
much because they always inevitably get
messed up in the wheel is the wooden
wheel is the paint stays on these wheels
a lot better this time so I'm really
psyched about that but yeah they're
coming we're about to get a new batch of
wheels it's like a reup it's not new
graphics those should be here a couple
weeks as well so by the end of the month
we'll redo that but I don't think you're
gonna see actual new product release
with wheels you'll get new force apparel
now we have force hardware coming we
have some cool stuff but new wheels
might not hit until like summer so we
might just skip spring wheels for now
and just read up on the old one so uh
hang in there sorry for the small hiccup
in production but we have a lot of stuff
on the way and some big stuff happening
in the forest world so stay tuned yeah
it kind of does look like I got a tackle
on my forehead in fact force has a skate
nang along with revived of course a
nollie skatepark this month April
seventeenth you need to be there we have
the entire force team we're flying
Johnny and Christian Jason park Doug
does tells Aaron Cairo every single
force rider will be at the skate and
hang at Ollie's I think it's like seven
o'clock but I'll you know I'll do more
videos like hyping it up what not but
just to give you a heads up if you're in
the Midwest Ollie's skate park April
seventeenth it's gonna be a good time be
real good time there's me times that are
good and bad and all the bad times are
not going to be at the skating hang
you're welcome I know that was like info
overload so I'm just gonna I'm just
going to talk about some movies gay
movies are you know that this is like
the greatest year of all time for movies
we have adventures too we have Star Wars
we have for getting fantastic for it
almost goes on okay there's a lizard
list somewhere someone has it and
there's there's some cool names on it if
you may the Avengers 2 supposedly is
going to have the Star Wars trailer
before it this might be the greatest two
hours of entertainment of all time until
I say that again about something else
but in oh my gosh like imagine going to
movie theaters think about to watch
Avengers 2 and I'm gonna see the Star
Wars trailer all at once but I get some
popcorn I'm gonna get some freaking
water cuz I don't drink Coke anymore I'm
gonna do that would i watch that this
could be amazing i'm gonna company i'm
making the Sour Patch Kid I'm gonna just
I'm gonna do that so it's gonna be a
good night and I'm really psyched about
that I cannot be the oh my gosh dress
park forgot your ass apart to be so such
a good year aside from that video is to
come okay so yeah we have already
started working on we were men season 6
like halfway done with who are avenged
51 and then I just I probably wrap that
up within the next two weeks so you'll
probably get the 51 the start of season
six in three weeks this weekend I'm as
meaning to do a day in life but I don't
think I'm gonna do it I'm it might
happen but I'm not no no promises if it
doesn't happen i'm going to do revived
randomness 23 this weekend so watch out
for that and I'm gonna get out there to
film a prank video with the next couple
weeks I know it's long overdue like I
don't do prank videos all anymore it's
not really praying it's like me being an
idiot in public whatever you know that's
what I call pranks so watch out for that
so yeah good video state of life prank
videos we revenge is happening so stay
tuned weather's warmer so I'm actually
be able to do things outside to be great
that is your update video people i hope
you dug me talking like an idiot from a
camera but I'm done Brian's not here
today so I of course can't mess with him
and he kept mess with me to lie i get
hit in the head and thrown and throwing
things at me all the time when he is
here so uh that's it i'm gonna put on my
shades and i'm gonna disappear
it's got like the clap light the clap
disappear yeah that's that's honestly
the best thing I came up with that was
stupid
youtube what's up guys nerf gun uh wait
a skateboard wheel I'm going to shoot
this dart through the wheel at you I
didn't think that was going to work and
it kind of worked I mean it worked for a
second so this will happen late April
there's a new one April it's like those
like a lazy like the lazy combination of
months mark marcher re that doesn't make
sense we've fart right I'm putting too
much thought of this so be there Ali's
skateparks Ali skateparks plural once k
parked 12 11 12 the important part is
just keep that date in mind April
seventeenth Ali's a park skypark now
what I can out of never I've got that
out of my system I'm gonna just press
the red button and start again
you
