oh hey you know what the doors not gonna
open because Bryan Ames is on vacation
this week which is well-deserved
he's like a workaholic he worked so much
and it does great and he's having a week
to him and his wife that's amazing but
if you don't think we're gonna mess with
him then you are not as smart as you
like to think you are and that was mean
but it's alright because you're on the
internet and I don't mean it you you
need to go to Kroger okay I'm gonna give
you I'm gonna give you this here's my
wallet go to Kroger and get something I
can paint with on to griptape all right
you're gonna do a skateboard because you
got to leave all right you know how much
you're skateboarding because he's got to
leave we're gonna skate what happens
next
okay go get paint okay turn around and
go I just take the card I need my wallet
I was gonna say Oh for sale and eesh
rocks wallet subscribe me on YouTube he
write a card number over you better come
back he's not coming back you better
take your money
we're waiting it was the company's money
I don't care Brian Ames does though okay
all right so these are paint pens all
over the place is Justin moniker and
this is Brian skateboard and I'm gonna
draw something on here then we're gonna
make a montage team on his board so
Brian Ames here I work today because
you're enjoying your vacation as you
should
we're having fun at your expense right
exactly always that rides expenses exact
Italy is what I like to say exact Italy
exact phrase
Bryan Ames this is what happens when you
leave your skateboard at shred quarters
and leave pretty good
right so this is brown Ames thinking of
ranch and I don't know what grab this is
but he's doing that grab with his war
blades and we're gonna skateboard on
this and make a montage you ready Alex
Manning I'm ready high five I do it
that's why I was worried I was China
the montage begins to appropriately I'm
gonna start out with a double flip
because Bryan Ames does this
oh my god
I saw you all day so there we go
we're done Bryan Ames thank you for
everything to do we are lucky to have a
hard-working dude like yourself here
working with us but we're going to take
advantage when you're not here so take
take vacation more often not going to
happen but uh that's it goodbye let's
watch
yeah hey Brian's face kind of dude
have you ever get angry at Brian Eames
which I've never got this anger but you
want to punch him the face here we go
punch punch Brian in the face ranch
