people are waiting for you here dude
people are here waiting for you you're
annoying you this is personal you in
this heart right here is annoyed I'm
Vietnam the one before I even got a get
your ass dude people are waiting get
here now Andy yes people are what's your
mom and the armpit imagine that be mad
that Brian a private buddy all right
dude Brian where'd you go I'm right here
dude oh my gosh dude that was halfway
decent you had to ruin it
of course of course of course you're in
LA why wouldn't you be you know we're
all here waiting for you dude
you do it again because you suck give me
to throw the ball you guys I'm just
kidding uh yeah throw it behind you so
you can actually see you know throw back
that way dude
all right we're here to Chris we're here
to shoot Christian in LA and it's the
one day that it's raining today is a
really bad day
a really really bad day
put my hand on the take view you really
did but now that's it since history
right now the first number one this is
where it all began for our names I
literally started skateboarding lower
side of this building what you do okay
oh you're doing the freaking foot oh
dude let's talk about it come on if you
had feelings for a one through ten does
it hurt
give me a therapist couch your testicles
really hard you did and then I was just
smile remember smiling huge well dude I
didn't think you're gonna wind it happen
Wow yeah I like freaking carried you huh
board yeah yeah it said gonads goodbye
now tell me who sings that oh thank you
thank you
