all right fine there you go that was
Jacob Romero and I want to say that he
is a nice guy okay he's just an honest
strapping young lad does that mean he's
hot mess he's strapping no okay yeah
he's a strapping young lad he didn't
deserve that cuz I was kind of a violent
fall like he was okay he got up and you
know he went on with his day he drank
smoothies played ninja turtle do games
everything the things we all do but he
really didn't deserve to get like yanked
back to the ground like that because the
fall didn't really make sense defied the
laws of physics lake in my eyeballs I
see it and I'm like it doesn't make
sense I guess foot came off the board
and he should have just fallen onto the
quarter pipe but instead like an
imaginary fisherman he yanked him back
down to the bottom of the ditch see just
like that that that kind of explains it
like when I see that footage I'm like
okay that's probably what actually
happened I just didn't see it he was
creeping the woods I don't know what he
was doing but there wasn't though there
was a fisherman somewhere and he freakin
hooked onto Jacobs front feeble one was
like nope but that being said it is you
know I do watch it I'm like he fell in a
small apartment because I'm human like
see people fall unless it's like
disturbing or they actually got hurt but
he didn't get hurt but he got hurt but
he didn't get hurt so I'm cool with this
I can't help but edit in a few screams
to make this clip even better okay
because he fell out a far distance the
bottom of ditch so I'm gonna I'm gonna
make it worth worth your while I'm gonna
throw some screams in there there we go
that is jacob and uh you know he took it
like a man he got up and kept landing it
well he landed it once but he kept going
until he landed it and uh here is proof
of that i'm gonna show you him
successfully rolled away without a
fisherman destroying his plans
thank you I'm freaking team jacob right
now okay no not on the twilight way I
just like Jacob he's a photographer he's
a good dude and I'm happy to have met
him in my life and I'm glad that he got
a fall Friday here that was actually
shot for we all arranged 51 so watch out
for that all this footage will be in
there but yeah fall friday yes I hope
you guys dug it because you happen to
your to your face and I'll be back i do
have all friday every two weeks so we'll
look out for that and I know I owe you a
Jason one so I'm gonna keep coming you
know what maybe I'll just keep talking
about Jason instead of actually showing
you one who knows i don't know but are
we back that's it and uh I'm gonna go
test out my new skate shoes guys oh you
guys are having a great or don't don't
beat or you don't even throw that at me
ever heard I'm not quite sure everything
myself from you I'm not gonna hurt you
though I don't believe it or not I'm not
I'm not gonna hurt you watch busy gonna
come I'm you need you to play i'll put
up point at your face Jason subscribes
you want to see more videos man no
thought you say that hey hey look at me
look at me and say now no that's good
enough because I'm gonna do something
with that crap you want to see more
videos man
come with that so now it's the end of
the video now there are no walls body
pillow this is now you're in the throes
looking at me yeah don't do that I'd
like transferring files transferring
files
