Ryden hit me with it Oh house football
today get over here okay yeah so we do a
lot of house sports and we have fun with
it and we've not done football American
football I know all across the world
everyone calls soccer our soccer
football but we call it's weird but
either way this is we're playing a
football today yes we do we're gonna do
some field goals we're gonna toss it
we're gonna imagine that we got to break
through lines of defense it's gonna be
fun and write-ins never played football
at all so this will be an experience are
you ready to do this
high-five here high five down here how
five over here no you don't want to do
that yeah I would want to high-five that
one either
I wasn't gonna tickle you but no i yeah
all right so here's the goalpost I found
this on eBay or Amazon or something
hopefully doesn't take me forever to
blow it up like immunity the purple side
do we have a pumper yeah don't we do it
that's for a basketball yeah
go get it this is so much smaller than I
thought it was
it's so tiny what that celebrated oh
look how funny that looks oh my gosh
Brighton that's a bike pump that would
not work at all it sounds funny though
look at it I did it it's very it's very
small so what we're gonna have to do is
we're going to get taped to kind of hold
these up straight so it actually looks
like a goalpost thank you for taking the
bike pump bag it was very very
thoughtful of you to try to help me blow
it up but it happens to be tiny and very
easy to blow it off this thing comes
with a inflatable football but we've got
a better football and then we have a tee
so we could actually kick it but we're
gonna set this thing like upstairs we're
gonna be kicking this ball across the
house and hopefully we won't break
anything cuz I don't think mom would
like us breaking things across the house
would she I would like to bake pizza do
not do break stuff let's see the TV with
a Lego set right there the cat I'm gonna
break that goalpost no better you'll
nice okay all right here's our goalpost
what there it is alright but before we
use this we're gonna do some passing
okay let's go over here so we have some
room otter stay right here and do not
get hit by a rogue fit ball will go in
here so she's far away anyway uh-huh we
found another cat didn't we oh wow he
does not like the camera yes yes are you
ready to throw a few spot passes yeah
alright go over there now hold like this
okay
it's just boy can can you hold it like
that okay there you go when you throw it
you're gonna try to put a spin on it
like spin it okay and that's called a
spiral okay wait wait wait I'm gonna put
this down your throat right to me it's a
little big football so we might not be
able to do that but he's gonna try just
try just try your best
a little wonky spiral but it was
spinning there's good successful pass
now you gotta catch it now you have to
catch oh my gosh your shoes are coming
off nobody plays football in socks oh my
gosh your socks are coming off all right
you ready
you're barefooted football player ready
one football coming in a little
untraditional what you did it pass
completion oh you know we should have
done we should have bought the black
stuff to go under your eyes that aren't
cool here but I'll edit it on real fast
makeup make a mean face no big hair go
oh well it's good all right hey some of
the fun now see that rug right there
next the front door you're gonna have to
run the ball past me and get to that rug
for a touchdown okay are you ready
tell me ready say I'm ready in a really
mean scary voice oh my gosh that was
good now let's say that a sweet and nice
voice okay you know you're doing you got
to get past me first
you fumbled can't drop the ball do you
like falling all over the place you
can't throw the ball ends up basketball
you gotta be here with the with the
football in your hands
that was smart going to where I was
holding my camera cuz I couldn't get you
touchdown and now you know what you got
to do ya a field goal I win then he
forfeits I win won the game you just
quit
oh yeah B can you quit tonight then I
scored five touchdowns Wow he's in the
garage I mean there's really no one here
to oh now you want to play alright you
can play your cake your field goal I
know how to get in the back here all
right we're gonna put this right here
okay and then we're gonna put the T
right here so it's gonna go like this
and you sir are going to these shoes
yeah what you're gonna hurt your foot go
put shoes on you know what and you
didn't do it you're only supposed to get
one try you're really not trying I was
used all right hold on let me get that
let me get an angle what is happening
with this thing alright that looks
better okay are you ready kick it oh
yeah keep up in the air do it Brian
realized that he needed shoes to make
this work
alright we got our shoes on let's see
the mean face there we go are you ready
kick this field goal you gotta kick up
okay blast it like a rocket up there
okay let's see oh oh oh
you've knocked it over I don't think
that's ever happened in football whoa
alright let's see it
oh that was better you hit like right
here that took a second but you did it
usually only get one try for field goals
all right from my I'm gonna do a field
goal now but I know how to do it up the
stairs off the bow PL be weird yeah it
was so weird just kicked down I'm gonna
kick it up these stairs do it you think
I can do it up yeah - okay well usually
he doubts me that probably means I'm not
gonna do this alright this is gonna be
right here you got that I really hope I
just do this first
watch it dude it now went to the right I
think that way now it hit the wall
thanks you're filming dude I got some
distance didn't I had to move this so I
can kick you didn't know I did it yeah
so yeah if these things would have went
higher it would have went right through
the middle and that counts it's really
hard especially with you with filming
with a fisheye if we would have had like
a different camera lens thank you for
coming
what if we is dry but I'm like sweating
from walking up and down those stairs I
bashed I did that gold you're tired yeah
we got worn out
I feel like wouldn't even do much you
like for our house sports videos we
usually do a lot of different things and
we it took us a long time to do like two
things goodbye I'm talking long time
that do that thing in our field goals
were hard yeah but football football
over we've actually never played
football for a team I just played my
friends growing up and this was just a
goofy fun video so if Bryden actually
wants to play football he'll will go
sign up for a team and learn it the real
way right yeah but we had fun with this
and thank you guys for watching hit that
button yeah so if you want to see more
videos from me I do videos all the time
a lot of skateboarding but I'd also do
lifestyle stuff and then videos with
this guy at least once a week so it's
fun if you want to see more hit the
subscribe button right below the video
and then the bell button he talked about
just notifies you right when I upload a
video so you'll know I would appreciate
that
let me see your muscles yeah there's so
much bigger for playing football but
okay you guys have a great day and we'll
see you tomorrow with a new warehouse
Wednesday which is is super fun super go
to your Jordan Hunter he is so good on
skateboard
stay down for me yes he could I've
skated over you yep a nice Cato who mom
made me ask you drove her mom yeah we
even know a salad oh yeah I did didn't I
yeah I like my family all right whatever
topic every guys
I'm mom - a near salad I don't like
salad what mom doesn't the mom does like
salad is it a walker it's like a cane
