youtube what's up guys i wanted to do an
update video this week but i'm so busy
you're here strong tripper how you doing
i'm so busy this week that i don't have
the opportunity so i'm just doing this
update video with ridin he's gonna play
and do this thing and I'm gonna tell you
guys about a few things that are
happening they're really cool and I just
got back from LA like I've been awake
pretty much 36 hours straight and I'm a
zombie so I'm sorry if I don't know how
I look next you have an LCD screen right
there I know exactly how I look but uh
just explaining why i might be yeah that
was a good trick wasn't it it's like
synchronized more slides so yeah it's
been a crazy weekend because i just got
back from LA I'm trying to play catch up
with work and stuff and three days I'm
head to Las Vegas which is with the main
reason why I'm doing this video what I'm
doing in Las Vegas is my buddies at
around trucks asked me to do this event
with them with a lot of other companies
bones Orion trucks of course revived
force tracker trucks acid chemical
company and ATM skateboards which I was
kind of honored that it makes me to do
it was that honored buddy and what say
oh yeah oh yeah because I was uh so I'll
be skating there hanging out meeting on
you guys and a lot of other really
talented skateboarder be there America
surprised me is gonna be there nacio
mirada Jericho Smith camera wetzlar and
other people I know black ninja is gonna
be there with me I think Doug's coming
up so it'll be a real really really cool
time sports social is the school when
they do like a lot of cool stuff for
kids like help them like to learn sports
like arts and uh just creative endeavors
in general so it is this friday on the
twenty-seventh let me see the time for
33 730 we will all be there hanging out
meet and greet and all that stuff in
skateboarding so come out if you're
anywhere near Las Vegas come out say say
come to Vegas domku poopy vaguely but
just offended so many people why you
gotta be pretty Vegas Wow snake chick
come to Vegas can you dig it
Wow we don't have to do a DNA test I can
tell you that you're mine you're my
child but there you go that's what I'm
doing this week I've never been on to
Vegas so I'm really excited and of
course it's awesome to always meet you
guys and hangouts and also forced wheels
us in association with the revived of
course is doing a big skate and hang
next month on April seventeenth adali
skatepark the information be right down
there but the entire Force team will be
there even Johnny we're flying Johnny
out from Switzerland and then Chris and
Aaron and Doug and Jason and all the
Cincinnati via force guys and we're all
going to be there as well as all the
Midwest survivors and also of both of
these events we're gonna be giving out
free products so you'll get rid of a
geek Ryan's giving away a fingerboard
apparently but you'll get some free
wheels of free of skateboards free
stickers shirts all that fun stuff so
come out and hang out if you don't and
if you can't make it out uh you'll be
able to watch it here on my channel I'll
have a lot of videos coming from the
vegas trip and then the skate mang
they'll be massive outs videos all the
revived and force youtube channels are
you okay okay he's okay he's okay this
is what it's like to have a top all
right thank you for do this video with
me have a hug oh ok ok ok ok I I wanted
a hug not a jump and dad oh hey I love
you I know you high five too slow high
five no too slow Wi-Fi oh oh you got me
who are you riding and don't nah he
you're a little lopsided to be Darth
Maul oh yeah you hit me in the head
somehow with that nerve start what do
you have to say for yourself
