okay what's the video it's Tomas alvarez
on cue and we're gonna make him hold the
microphone they get to like it's
national mic could be yeah but it's not
gonna be plugged it he's gonna think
it's it Squatch he's gonna think it
works it's gonna be right come on what
video is this Thomas Q&A yeah with you
with me yeah yeah not with Brian Ames
no well he's the host to me okay even
though I'm talking alright let's do this
forget - we need to be outside again
it's nice it's that time of the year
it's about time really yes my Hawaiian
shirt season let's do year round for you
Tom something you can make the rock jump
I forgot about the rock jump so what you
guys did is you asked us questions for
Thomas on my Facebook and Rai name is
gonna go through him and ask him a
handful of questions that's what happens
do the rock junk which is way bigger now
that was so easy if I just go fast it
was just that easy
now I'm gonna get you're gonna get down
and go get your cell phone yeah myself
this feels like the scenery of the Lion
King burger let me ask you questions you
have to highlight we have a new mic
though oh yeah speak into that
so it's this holy this twice well do you
guys hear Judah Pilcher wants to know
would you choose skating over being able
to have a super ability hmm that's an
amazing question dude so like flying or
skateboarding or whatever superhuman
ability if you want I would like to pick
the ability of being indestructible so
you'd quit skating to be indestructible
yeah and then I'll now start skating
again after I'm indestructible
but you can quit something and restarted
again after you that's okay that's a
good rule
yes all right I got one Doug just tells
got to get a Doug question your dog
Estelle's wants to know if you learned
how to front so an idiot yeah you did
yeah that's good he's always been front
180 he's just giving him crap cause I
guarantee was a game ice skate yeah yes
no one should do front 180s in a game of
skate unless you like just started them
Doug tester tells wants to know what's
your favorite andy story that is so hard
I have no clue what's the first one that
popped in your head
Andy I have no idea cuz all your your
whole life is a good story that's a
great fantastic dancer Jake krandle
wants to know what's your favorite trick
its nollie bigspin no I big that's
absolutely accurate he's a master at
this he's got her here loving all the
Richmond's you're good at all
Cody deja wants to know how long it take
you to learn your first look trick um
three months
sorry about the kickflip swallowing took
me I think the other he'll close four
key folks real weird no Sebastian Luiz
is on wants to know what your favorite
Mexican food oh wow that's great dude
enchiladas chimichanga taco burrito I've
been to all of the above and hit I've
been to mega into Mexico so anything
there is delicious
real Mexican food not American Mexican
food as everyone likes Tex Mex Tex Mex
for his ahead so your favorite Mexican
food is Mexican I'm in real Mexican food
from actual Mexico
you know authentic yeah okay Ramy Hassan
wants to know when did he start skating
is it he'll Williams kid I start skating
in 2008 2008 old real I was 14 okay yeah
it's like a fresh of cold air you know
the old Haughton wasn't no have you ever
considered making a youtube channel you
know you respond to people and no one
thinks you have one I have one I just
never put anything
but you have videos on it yeah some what
videos leave me sure so yes what is it
evil 0:07 - but I changed it to nowt T
Alf is that the URL that's my name T
yeah your name doesn't matter is it
what's the URL think it's evil Co seven
- okay there you go people
you Carrera wants to know what your
favorite skate spot in California oh wow
another God it has to be the courthouse
no I'm saying for him like I think it is
the courthouse mine were Jake Wong check
that was a very fun spot
it's still there I can't wait to go back
again I'll be there this weekend
well I won't what would you do if a
t-rex just came out of the lake and
walked around I would try to run
actually no you have to stop you can't
do anything it won't really you're
thinking alright John Riviera wants to
know what what would what trigger you
like to learn what trigger you trying to
learn right now from big spins cuz that
trick is one of this coolest tricks ever
James P zip wants to know what's the
best part about being on revive Indy
shock and eesh rock is the best part of
revive okay not free skateboards not
skateboarding or like and all the
friends you have what you get a package
of friends when you get here you go hang
out with these people
it's like screw all you well thank you
but Scott fear and wants to know what
size deck do you skate 8.25 it's the
best size out there I just switched from
80 to 85 and I think I think I like it
how do you have grown it yet yeah a
little bit
Tyler Lake ins wants to know how did you
meet the revived crew o beach acres
during the years yeah just euros OB
jakers
and then one time I saw in these skating
year I shouldn't we ought revenge 12
yeah Muse short hair just we like going
like this is that you just did like the
the Will Ferrell yeah oh gosh
alright number read this exactly the way
it's written the old steel wants to know
can you get Ryan to give me a shot
out and why don't you ever do a house
tour right Ryan who's missing me right
Bracken Ryan Bracken weird Kraken
bracket and probably make either put a
pipe pull it off you want a house tour
of my house you guys can come on in and
check out the Alvers house
Marley James Graham wasn't it Thomas
would you choose a to know how to do
every single trick on a skateboard baby
real sketchy with them or be have
extreme style and STIs but only know how
to do a kickflip tre flip no and
milling grabs I can't handle it he's
getting really good questions though
like like thoughtful questions might as
well pick the one with a sketchy tricks
I'm I'm I of this have a thousand tricks
there you go people working you might
have two thousand people will get bored
watching me do the same for tricks they
would good and I will get bored good
thought all wants to know how was your
hair so luscious Venice fun people just
blushes hair dude hold a mic up closer
people have luscious hair Oh Jack Harper
wants to know if you weren't skating
what would you be doing so we doing you
escape well I think he means like if
your why he never started yeah well what
would be what would you put your time
into in life I feel like I will be into
martial arts that's a good one you
should be in martial arts suits I used
to do it watching it like yeah I well I
got third in state story and then I I
was like one with one vote before block
and then they moved away I didn't want
to go there I got you so I'm saying I
think he'd be good for it you should do
it dude I've been there don't we love to
do come foo dad you Taekwondo Taekwondo
that we've fun guy condos super fun too
last question Jake orchard wants to know
what would be your perfect line okay
that's a handrail
a middle part and then a gap tray lip
the first handrail three pushes do it a
really steezy oh gosh I see why they
down the gap and then I'd do a no comply
revert okay this is like a really big in
between yes yeah I'm just doing them
super quick because I'm like Marci so
it's small but you usually
okay all right delegate last room and
then back three back three heelflip yeah
with a nollie into it said nollie 360
heel down it you change that drag leaf
or the starter that sends the end of
that sentence okay well Thomas thank you
for doing this we'll do it again we're
gonna go through beeping wait I can't
wait to do this again also do you wanna
know something that Mike did nothing
this whole time we got you buddy we got
you
those fun guys if you want to get
involved with these we I always do Q&A
videos myself and then all the gang like
Thomas and everybody so follow my
facebook the link will be down right
down the info and I'll ask you guys ask
questions then you can ask questions
there and we'll pick something just like
this oh my gosh your face has this face
