how's Wednesday like course everywhere
there's a million car gage I'm glad you
finally beta your buddy but uh I saw you
warming up in that you're gonna make you
do this 360 bigger spin with you do
nothing that's all you're doing in there
I called the hurricane Ethel hurricane
well I mean there's like new did ya the
tricks these days the serpentine slide
anyways you gotta do three tricks to
warm up and then you got ten tries to do
it maybe do it you get every word cool
can you pick any one more house let's do
get your power washer it's no oil been a
while since you got kicked oh you're not
going that way what do you expect from
me here give me this we get that one too
get your power washer three tricks you
have three six three anywhere you want
the the playing field is yours
forgetting to do the tricks do tricks
three tricks from lipslides district on
lipslide no don't do a lip slide you can
do any three six except a lip slide get
warm dude
there's a few people that skate here
that we use home to do warm tricks the
dual tricks that you shouldn't film on a
street in a video part I'm gonna start
saying hey do three bad tricks before
you do a good trick that's too
are you alright have you ever done that
why are you on the stairs look that was
amazing that big will hurt me in that
now you still got it you got to do the
10 tries on the super super time spin
pick your board out first so we can
dramatically hold it in front of you
while you're landing or not landing
orange we have those Brian go to the
stairs and get your pocket watch out
yeah I gotta get that don't on no you
don't cuz it's not a time thing 360 your
body and big spin your board and then
down this 10 tries do to it try one
you all right okay bites it again sixth
try what might have it recorded yet and
to do now
six Roger I was at 7:07 that was nine is
here you have a board I got a splinter
when I smash that I'm glad you got a
splinter
oh this is ninth try
it is a nice there's an ID on your face
right now yeah oh my gosh like the dying
to call the doctor cloth and especially
gadget dude right here right here
10th try first land
all right take it away I kind of want to
give it to him I don't want to give it
to him you know but I feel like you
really earned that dude like tenth try
those it he's done gage you're done when
if you graduate you on that failure
because everything else was used to
assist us to success yes and for that
Bigfoot hurricane I'm gonna give you
that I love you like video games I do
okay whatever you do you have to have a
controller to play it on the TV
oh no I want it I love video games
here you got 500 dollars from to
gamestop night any it's not 500 no it's
yep no it's not you didn't give him
$5.00
you
