all right YouTube what's up so where I
didn't said you want to do a video today
and he wanted to finger board right you
want to do a fingerboarding YouTube for
video okay you guys show me some of your
moves like a tail slowly over Luke
Skywalker pretty good well does an
that's a nose right
that's a nose grind yeah
hey show everyone what you can do show
up do a 500 gap out over Luke Skywalker
right ah been doing all I know clunk
well sloppy we did it though Smith grind
oh yeah you know that was called amazed
oh that was a not Emmanuel that was a
lipslide yeah
hey do the rigid Jackson trick that was
so appropriate
that's about exactly what Reggie Jackson
would do good
you all ate out of the YouTube video
that's something that was how do you
know what that trick is let me get
through so flip over Luke oh ok should
we make the Star Wars characters do
tricks one
so you want to do it go into a feeble
okay Oh
boom I fell on my face
how much pop do you think Han Solo's
uh-oh let's find out it's a front board
oh that's a lip slide you just fell and
you're having one heck of a celebration
if you are my baby yo and I will get on
hard news yes you are no way even say
bye to the camera hey bye hey bye dad do
you think Luka non-solar watching
