alright so we're filming for we weren't
minus 50 right now we actually just
wrapped it up which is the best thing
ever because it's been like four months
in the making you in celebration of
being done with it or going to take that
ball to the face well on this gap okay
you got it yeah okay I be a kicker
that's Scouts truce right there ok
that's all routes honor I don't know the
truth that soldiers on the same thing no
dude I say kick it like just way better
way better if you kick it oh you were so
early you like did you calm yourself
you're early every time that was it good
argument though oh dude wonder what
don't you get I want to see the foot all
right wait you're getting him yeah dude
you've hit I was so many people in the
face well alternate if I get it first I
win you get it froze you win where to go
what happened you don't like the karate
movies when they have that weird way of
training somebody this is how to learn
how to ollie again Holly and just going
this directive sounds so good dude
perfect man you landed it come I got me
a headache we are avenged 50 coming out
this weekend I think check for point net
game set match
you sir have a good sense of humor my
friend thank you you got it defines a
special person we have a big group of
friends like this it's just like I would
love to get hit in the face while
hauling a gap fun this boy just gonna
watch your back every five seconds you
should absolutely do that all right
drink again shiftry cousin died
you
