YouTube what's up guys so I'm in Shrek
quarters where I work my warehouse and
I'm really sick of doing videos in here
kay I'm down for where else Wednesday
but I want to be outside raining it's
frickin raining so I'm doing another set
of video in Shrek quarters sorry you're
going to deal with it this is Alex as
many more because he broke mine he
straight-up broke mine I got to skate it
once and then he broke mine alright so
first thing is first one to tell you
everything I have for my new skateboard
is pretty brand new - I have used
bearings that's it but I have a gold
lifeline dang I got kind of experimental
with the stickers it could look cooler
just maybe not on the gold lifeline deck
like something with like a more basic
background but either way that's why it
looks all kind of weird and then I have
some AM grip grip tape and then we have
a Majora's Mask cut out I might actually
like write some stuff on there - I don't
know yet I don't know them to get that
crazy alright but we'll see
moving right along though I have some
raw Orion trucks there's no color at all
just uh just a truck this is what trucks
always used to look like and I was like
you know what I kind of want to kind of
want to go the doorbell is ringing let's
go see who it is
oh hey did that not it was it locked
what oh yeah it's raining on you guys
don't do out get get inside one here
wait wait you I got your coffee thank
you your honor thank you
I'm doing a setup video right now cool
and you interrupted it did you got food
you got baby oh you got five guys okay
we'll have shoo
oh come on
it's kind of winter where I'm going
though I would like to point out that
was the worst shoe cake ever and I'm
usually really good at this but uh on
road okay yeah so I have the basic raw
Oh Ryan trucks these are I don't know
what size they are I'm really bad with
truck sizes they're the ones that fit
8-inch dicks I just tell my dude Jake
I'm like Jake I give me trucks for an
eight he sent some so there's that I
have some standard slash force wheels
fifty threes HD 54 s but then I was like
I'm gonna go 53 again it kind of shaped
me one day I have some used ceramic
synopsis bearings good good bearings
quality stuff skate fast do tricks
whatever and then I have some revive
light bolts and the reason why I have
all new stuff is because I'm doing
something weird okay the first time in
life I'm gonna have to complete setup
I'm gonna have my dark slide board okay
because today I want to try to do a
three flip darker lipslide hopefully
that goes well but I want to skate too
so I was like I'll just put two stuff
together because I have all the pieces
to the puzzle so that's why I'm doing it
you know when I don't do a lot of dark
sides I'll probably just like
decommission this one and give the parts
to friends or people that need it so
that's what I'm doing back to putting
the skateboard together drinking coffee
and then skateboarding and yes I
realized I said I want a dark slide but
I want to skate to both or skateboarding
but I want to skate freely okay I don't
want it it's just not the same with a
dark slide where you can you can't do
much alright let's get this started up
in here sounds good black eyed peas on
let's put your skateboard together do do
it
doo-doo-doo did Oh got it
ken will fight she did his uncle 15
times personally I wouldn't race a
dachshund but I mean teaches Vanegas I
don't think crest would sponsor her but
I mean okay I don't know you know do not
buy monopoly I'm not kidding if you
don't do the corner pieces first you
suck at puzzles uh uh I got nothing is
on record like thirteen original
colonies sure all right just don't date
a biker as simple as that so then I was
like if you don't date a biker
you're an idiot that's an awkward
situation but now she won't cook mashed
potatoes like words that put me at
support oh here we are
here's my new complete skateboard just
to reiterate 8-inch gold life liner vibe
deck we have some raw Orion trucks we
have some fifty three millimeter force
wheels send-offs bearings and some red
red light flying light bolts red light
bolts revived light bulbs won't try to
say and then we got the am grip with uh
with the Majora's Mask cut out so let's
do the cable test
good job okay so I threw a Coheed lyric
on there and I'm gonna break this baby
in even though it's a skateboard I'll
just spit camera how many let's just be
real here that was gross come on
very solid skateboard it's what I always
skate I'm used to it so it's a little
different always skating like brand new
everything I mean the bearings don't
really make it a different feel but new
trucks new board all that stuff it feels
good I dig it if I had as many thumbs as
I had I would give that Casey thank you
so much for coming dude you just like I
feel like I ruined your day well so this
is Sam take it out tell them what you
but you want them to hear one time I
wrote not going to find out what I wrote
I would point out that was the worst
shoe kick ever and I'm usually really
good at that but onward let's go it
could be the ghost dude
yeah all right well let's find out if
this is a ghost or not oh my gosh oh my
gosh
there's nobody there see let's see the
freaking doorbell Coast that was weird
