dang it I was gonna throw this at you as
you came through the door let's start a
video guys today we're doing a game of
Oh first we go I think we're doing a
game hopefully I didn't break it these
little like random trickshot games that
we do it on my channel you guys like so
I love frisbee golf and I have this set
and I'm gonna do a game versus him so
we're gonna play a game of frolf
today and basically we have their six
discs if I'm setting the shot and I make
it within the six tries he has a six
tries to match it if he misses he gets a
letter so frolf f ro LM is that the
normal amount of letters yeah five
letters and then if I miss it and he
it's his turn to set a shot are you
ready to do this sure do it free what
we're respectable when I monster so I'm
looking at bop bop bop bop bop bop BAM
what was that okay the second one I know
we got a sink there right wait you went
to that boom
play it back whatever I let him go I
refill your shot hey this is not gonna
happen
and that happen very easily give me the
thing
one morning that sucks it's the blue one
the blue one that apparently is easy oh
wow he's gonna ramp it he's gonna surf
it really good I'm gonna steal his shot
else I feel good about that one just
steal my shot and then give me a letter
on my shot I need to be competitive
terrible permissible that sucks you in
my free stare do it's gonna do three
stare one of them through the five star
oh sure
that's was account adulterer to lock
that was a magic I was trying it was a
magic eye trick like it literally was
going like this and it was like they
just went it cost like awful with I know
here that he's not gonna do it good
please get a letter finally he's
bleeding I'm not and now that I said
that I'm gonna lose the whole game I'm
gonna do off the wall but first here's
the guy that opened this little frisbee
golf thing into my life I feel like a
jerk that I get excited when I do my own
shot so I'm just honestly that surprised
I'm left-handed
that's not my fault I'm not the one that
decided if he started using the wrong
hand when he was growing up okay I'm
just kidding left-handers are cool
you just did a bonus try he isn't our f
bar that guy what did you get that he's
he's the trickshot master Wow No
yes
after I got I have F here's that far it
was like insultingly easy I hope he gets
a letter shoot I fired three and got
although I didn't don't about it
telling a pirate are no wasn't cool I
didn't set out to be cool though I set
out to be a pirate I should stay focused
but I just take a moment to realize how
much this is not going to work
so I am going to do something equal his
heart I'm gonna go no look behind the
back feel like you're interference that
was great
apparently that's easy we're just didn't
know it we're we're just didn't know it
I'm proud of myself I am the best
frisbee thrower of all time
he's our discs he's a frisbee
what-whatever do your pool jam never I'm
never gonna get that I'm trying to say
how it's really good Brian aims straight
motion
all of them are that your fro Oh
on the front you don't need you no idea
fro lets you happen for oh then you then
you do cuz that's good
well I mean there's some weird froze out
there but I can't do it you know I'm
jealous
this is gonna fly pun intended
oh yeah well it was a pretty dumb one
unless he gets letter then it was then
he's afro and we're all for a house here
that doesn't count
he's afro
you better believe you better fo real
believe and I'm not gonna try right
through the handrail why don't you guys
sit here through the handrail into that
that was hard I thought in my head that
sounded like something that could
potentially be hard and then I sat down
I was like oh this is just a normal shot
dang it
Brian you're gonna push this across I'm
gonna throw it from the box as it passes
okay
push and no it's fine he was your first
push you didn't know but that was like I
mean it was a slow one by my I'm taking
it over
you did you did better than Brian he is
a fraud that guy right there Zafar all
its might all I get to kill you now yes
long distance across the halfpipe
that's impressive I was aiming it I was
literally aiming it at the camera you're
better
are you kidding me
it was the Fred one too
dangit Brian how good did that feel that
was good
I literally thought about one that was
pretty amazing
you thought I won too didn't you I
really did it's my turn all right it's
your turn
game boardslide
that can work
a little hard to control her my arms
going
I'm getting better at it oh I can do it
I can do it I'm not giving up my thing
Wow Wow that's gonna suck
dude I don't know how you got it to
hover that was fantastic I'm a fraud
I am a for all I really
he did a third try I lost I lost so much
that was so good
I'm the best person here is their boss
dude like for you a mic up here yeah
yeah
you won dude I'm a fraud although I hit
ie like it went in I guess guys got
super lucky I got ya that was impressive
that was a good game dude was good thank
you so much for do this for me this is
Bryan Ames he runs vice skateboards
force wheels three-box skateboards the
strike force calm with me by my dude he
also does YouTube videos so it's
floating on the top of the screen there
click it his the channel is also down on
the info really cool content where he's
putting people through misery or weird
food eating stuff I do videos here all
the time myself so if you want to see
more hit the subscribe button down below
it's usually skateboarding content but I
have a lot of like family stuff and
lifestyle stuff what's going on my life
and I love many videos so thank you for
watching
Oh hit the bell - that's the thing if
you want to be notified when I make a
video but I'm done telling you guys what
to do have a good day I just I literally
followed up with telling you what to do
my last one have a good day good job
you got it up and down up and up and
down
do they be so hard see this record you
know what it's called though what it's
called the stranger things shot get it
upside-down
