it has been a very long time Brian don't
get to buy that car the very long time
since I've been here I'm not gonna skate
it myself I'm always saying that I can't
jump down a 9 stair today are you gonna
skate it no max I want you to challenge
you okay you need to all of the stairs
which I'm gonna be honest it's gonna
suck because you could do better things
with your with your time but I Leah to
warm up and then do a trigger in the
handrail okay this is called a real real
Thursday's shut up i'm gonna upload this
not on the thursday just gonna said that
i'm not gonna lie this is way bigger of
a nicer than it was when i was 18 nice
ass gay this real i still would but i'm
totally that guy holding a camera that's
not skating this rail right now so what
does that's it
oh my gosh that hurt my feet just
looking at it yeah you bailed like any
uh hey I don't know man let's just say
you weren't winning monopoly with that
one we just landed right now
all right no fear when friends you guys
come on you know wait just get going
easiest way to skate a handrail ever
right best luck
cage for days you and all the way all
the way
