that right there was the worst fall that
you could fall on a skateboard
everyone's flipping out in that
statement okay because they're like no
I've seen so much worse okay I wasn't
saying it was the most painful or most
injury inducing fall it's not that it's
the worst kind of fall it really is
because one that was the first tried
down the handrail okay it was just
warming up with the boardslide k he
wanted to grant her things on the first
try he did that he did not have the
session that he was planning on having
because of that fall I don't know what
happened his feet weren't having today
because the board kept attacking him he
just wasn't good okay I didn't feel good
on his body so right then first try he's
out of the session I mean he might be
able to walk it off and land the trick
but he's just gonna do a boardslide you
know what that's not how you want to
live your session all right it just
sucks I mean it's like the worst thing
that could happen is it falling before
you actually get to try the real tricks
okay it's like being really good on a
diet and you've got like nine days
straight of eating good and then you
finally like I'm gonna eat a good meal
today can you prepare your meal all
right oh ho you prepare it and then
right when it's ready to go after you
spend an hour making at you trip and
fall into it and it's not eatable
because it is all over your face and the
ground and all that stuff it's like
being really psyched during your prom
date and accidentally punching her in
the face before you actually get to kiss
her at the end of the night like I had a
great time with you oops I just punched
you in the face you're not going to kiss
me just how it goes hey don't do that so
essentially max Mayberry punches prom
date in the face instead of landing you
know a better trick than a board slams
well the moral this is all so it's not
even that good-looking of a fall I gotta
watch that and be like oh wow that was
entertaining to watch it kind of looks
like Max's got dizzy and then tried to
jump on his board and roll and it didn't
work you know everybody walking by I
didn't actually see him try the handrail
okay they looked over and they saw this
just that and they were like well like a
really sucks a skateboard he is not good
at that that's just how life works okay
so literally this is the worst fall that
he could have done nothing productive
from this fall we came except this video
this is the only thing that came out of
this fall that is why that's why it
sucks okay so feel bad your heart should
be beating for max maybe right now
because he went there with grand plans
and he just looked like a big dumb
guy is it he was a dumb guy on a
skateboard a dizzy skateboard and not
skating and so yeah kind of sucked you
did get hurt he twisted his foot or
ankle or whatever happened I don't know
because the board really wouldn't give
up on I mean like fell and it was like
all right I'm gonna walk away and the
board's like I'm coming with you and
then he laid on the ground for a little
while and we talked he might have made
fall Friday that was literally like let
me get away from my board wasn't a good
time in any way and your board was like
no wait for me and he did walk it off
eventually like 20 minutes later he did
the handrail off camera of course so I
made him do it one more time and here's
that clip but just to prove that max can
do other tricks other than a boardslide
on a 9 stair here are some clips from
his lips Kate died part whether you guys
go that is max I'm max I'm sorry that
your session went like that but hey at
least we got this video like I said and
he'll be back i'm going to California
with him in a week and he's gonna meet
me I'm going California in a week and
he's gonna meet me out there so
hopefully he will take a round two on
that rail but now that's it I do fall
Friday's every every other friday so
hope you guys dug that I'll be back
tomorrow with daily videos because if I
do is to subscribe if you want to see
more for me but that is it and I'm alone
in the warehouse right now so I can't
mess with Brian usually I do something
cuz he's sitting right here I guess I
could mess with them and let me go fine
let me go try to do something right here
we have brian's chair and a piece of
grip tape I've done this before and it
worked I'm hoping this will work too it
kind of blends in rent so there you go
Brian I'm hoping to watch this video
become before you come to work because
that is definitely the right there
you're gonna sit on it and hopefully the
group attached to your but I think you
guys got that though goodbye
and that's not because that's not why
it's a zombie
you
