warehouse Wednesday Andes rock it's way
down here I don't know what he's got
yeah big it is a piece of a boat these
are both just I put them up there and
dirt just fell on my head oh you look
tired I'm very tired why are you tired I
got four hours of sleep I was up trying
a trick that I'm not gonna tell you guys
on the handrail and then I went home and
I had to get ready for vacation so I got
myself four hours I feel like an idiot
all right well the deal is today you got
to do yeah I know I know you know you're
tired so I'm gonna make you do a dark
slide I don't know why that makes sense
but you have no time limit you can just
do it just do a dark slide I can do it
but yes okay and if you can't do a dark
slide then I'm gonna hit you with
snowballs really really crappy dirt
dirty snowballs it's gonna be axe
throwing chunks of ice I mean well then
you better do it I'll do it
it's do this it's a type of sore that
like my legs feel like raw bacon big
bring it bring it
friggin bring it didn't think about that
how do I hit you with that I don't know
they like hit everywhere but you in the
camera do I get to warm up you can do
whatever you want you can warm up yes oh
yeah just the trick to warm up on to
just get it this is literally a day that
I can very tired dude now it's the
soreness is right here like I have
energy I'm awake I had coffee but I
don't want to move I didn't know I'm not
gonna door side the rail
all right so that's it we wait longer
like the dark side might actually be
easier than that dumb trick but I'm
gonna do something I've never done
before
and I'm gonna cuts the sides away
there's a dude the dark still like a
triple kink rail at a park that guys
like the dead bastard in the whole world
and he did this so let's give it a whirl
you can show that might set up that whoo
like I'm stiffer and sore from doing
that wall Sam Taber trip over there I'm
sweating like a pancake
all right test out how does that's gonna
go not one of those dudes
who was fairly I'm not good this dark
slides often are right here right that
makes sense clearly hey that was my tow
degrees you guys in her head
rustles that dorm don't involve with
skateboarding right now I'm done
I can't land it smoother dude I hit both
might decided my Chin's on on that go
like one fall both of my shins each side
of the box let's play slow-mo of the
land because that's that's what you're
getting and no snowballs that's gonna
suck
Andy pretty girl one more thing why
don't I see that coming
you ruined my board that was already
ruined
I'm gonna land smoothing but that that
took me less tries in the wall the wall
thing he didn't like it was like under
ten now it was like under twenty but
either way that tells you what's Sam
Taber makes life way more difficult on
himself than it needs to be you
technically landed that that was not a
technical thing that was a mechanical
thing I did it you did it is anyone
actually listening to anything he says
