Ryden what is this and that from who JP
q what are you ready to open it what all
right let's go to the table you want
this one oh okay I have this one
yeah show YouTube your favorite word
rock people
Jamie couvert sent right in a box here
which is getting a lead over and over
again and kickflip we're gonna open it
and ran to get a call
there's no choo-choo train in here all
right we're gonna use keys to open it
because that's what we do right yeah we
do we always use keys I want I try to
point out the JP writes all over these
boxes it's awesome look at that what is
this red ring that Dumbledore and then
what's over here
no what is that from what are these guys
from Mario yeah we got prawn plant Koopa
some dinosaurs over here we got a
monster that may or may not be on a
force product in the future we don't
know all right let's open it wah wah all
right first off we have a note don't you
go look in just yet okay don't go look
if we're gonna read the note that's what
we do riding an ad I hope you dig the
new shirts went to size up so right our
dog can grow into them made some force
and revived heart buttons for you too
let's talk about making more let's
definitely talk about make more I can't
wait to see the force be able to send
pictures as soon as you get the samples
in let's chat soon about more projects
JP and then ride in a drawing of ride in
doing a kickflip which is pretty awesome
JP is really really awesome artist he
designs all the circuit but not all of
them but like a lot of surco shirts that
you'll see n on every target in the
whole world the good dude what he does
my gosh
throw the pins heck yeah look at these
right now don't go pull them don't we
got to be slow with this okay what are
these what company is that
Levi 25 he knows the company you know
what this one is but this what's this
one
force wheels you know that that's pretty
awesome you can see these and I love
these and I might just put these in
future packages not a lot because I
don't have a lot but I might string
critical these in next week it's
packages and I because I want something
for myself so I'm saying all right for
sure right let's see what do you got
here what is it oh what's on there put
you two closer damage or you what kind
of dinosaur don't be careful it's not a
JP Coover too sore it's a t-rex the best
contacts work
it has like a maze with like a chili
pepper or something in the middle it
aren't cute right next sure to grab it
and show it to YouTube oh my gosh what
is on that shirt right what is the
monkey doing it's a monkey skateboarding
is that is there anything better than
that multiple leg you're right but
that's pretty awesome I like this one I
like the black pocket
you like that blocks got some Harry
Potter stars on it or lightning bolts
you want to go that route this is a good
one ah this is might be my favorite when
I knew actually my whole life I've
always said when I have a child and I
have a boy I'm gonna make sure he has a
shirt with just a t-rex on it and this
is the shirt I was talking about this is
amazing look at that it's red - buddy
you're gonna look like me do you like
that you don't have to wear red unless
you want to you can wear red but I'm not
gonna make you all right I color outside
the lines which you absolutely do
there's more well let's talk about this
one what you like about this one
you like the cran okay what dog it is a
dog look at that
don't you see what does it say it says
dad's best friend doc looks like a bad
doggy dog get through baby don't go
no poopy you're like one poopy a day you
say like 10 oh yes sweatshirt right
that's pretty awesome what should we
name him
t-man one the Jaypee man raba robot okay
that's it
there was a lot of shirts in that
package my gosh that was very nice and
wasn't it yeah so we're psyched JPD you
rock seriously if you guys are gonna sit
in as a as art design there's a lot of
like cool video game stuff get back up
here right Anthony again roll was done
come on you can show them a few tricks
on your finger boards but if you're
interesting his stuff he has a lot of
cool stuff on his website and that'll be
right down there in the check box and
let ty galv√£o gap the websites not in
the corner of this room is actually
right in the info down below right I'm
telling ya la down at the bottom but
hope you guys like this yeah it's like I
said I will sprinkle some of these pins
in with some revive force packages this
week I don't have a lot for myself and
their eyes so we've been doing a lot but
boxes like they dig it's uh we'll keep
doing them as we get them unless you
guys start to not like it and then we'll
do a little less but uh anyway I'm
excited to get all this product JP and
Rock and hope you guys dug this ridin oh
good time Dan video right yeah gibbeh
goodbye you too bye I love you
beep now I have the box on my head he
would laugh
