called the quick change
take these keys on this board stop it
that was the hardest one ever Brian get
you back next episode no yes
my middle names Rebecca that was perfect
boom there you guys go I've been wanting
to do this video for a little while this
is just kind of like a bunch of
trickshot slash creative tricks
involving more than one person that I've
filmed over the last few years and I
thought I had more trick shots honestly
that's why there's a confusing title
issue but it's mostly trick shots and I
just want to put it together in all in
one place so I hope you guys dug that I
know everybody in the whole world is
gonna be asking about where's chase
chase hasn't been skating as much for
years now okay it's been like years this
has been the where I'm in series so I've
answered it a million times I've made
like probably like four videos talking
about it he's just not he's doing the
heist moving okay he's not skating as
much he did we decided to split ways
with him on the team that happened a
long time ago and people still ask
questions about him but he does skate
once in a while he actually hit me up
the other day about coming here and
check out the warehouse so but you might
see him you might not don't don't get
your hopes up though because I'm not
making any promises but he still you
know he's like a little brother to me
he's awesome although he's not little
anymore
either way trick shot time I'm gonna
start to try to do more tricks have it
is because they're a lot of fun and
right now I'm gonna make Bryan Ames come
over here we're gonna do a key to pocket
down the Shred Quarters fly steering key
to pocket straight quarters five stair
key to pocket still straight quarter
sponsor you did it to for a guy landed
over there
key to pocket still still strike for a
sponsor that's right it went in we're
done let's say yeah Bryan freaking yet
