hi guys this is a video just telling you
things about revives products okay
because we have two two things to be on
today we have Eric IRAs skateboarding
make simple volume one this teaches you
the basics of skateboarding and we
finally got in the Shred course it's a
DVD only and if you want to learn how to
some basic stuff with skateboarding here
it is next
are you close Brian I was gonna get
closer I'm like panted from doing the
boardslide to notice on this is a skate
ring do you remember that I did a setup
video and I said remember this board
well we made some rings actually the
guys at demented skate shop Jake and
company thank you dudes made some rings
out of that skateboard so it's kind of
cool
you have to know what size you want to
wear but if you don't want to wear it as
a ring it comes with a string to like
make it necklace out of and also a chain
to make a key chain out of if you don't
want a word on your finger cuz they're
they're little bulky but it's from an
actual skateboard that skated it's a
good way to reuse decks so those are on
the store records calm right now so if
you want to go get them if not I'll be
back tomorrow with new video our names
go to the camera it's that's your phone
all right dude trick
