youtube what's up guys this serious
video okay one of those things from
walking nature clearly I am in danger
then the beautiful captiva beach down in
southern western Florida and i'ma talk
to you dudes and dudettes whoever's
listening sorry about the wind too i
just got down here for a day and i did
not think to bring my mic peaches are
windy i'm an idiot but yeah i'm just
doing a little point talking i get a lot
of questions asking about like how to
start some like a to have any
suggestions on how to start my own
company or had another god you know kind
of goat or dreams if you may whether it
be a company or not and i kind of wanted
to touch like a specific it like aspect
of that because first off if you're
trying to start a company or follow your
dreams you need to educate yourself okay
go on google tells you everything you
want to know and things you don't want
to know we rely on other people you need
to get on the computer you go to the
library whatever you do get yourself the
information okay well that said assuming
that you kind of got you're gonna teach
yourself how to take the first step of
any dream or project or whatever you're
doing you're gonna suck okay there's
there are times you're going to fall or
whatever metaphorically fall you're just
gonna suck and that's okay it is okay to
suck at things i tried for years and
years and years to do various different
projects in my life like you know it was
like eight years later until my book was
finally published you know like starting
bands and what not like I tried so many
things and it did not stick until I
really really really would die hard with
videos on YouTube that's the weirdest
thing for every successful do is like
youtube I didn't think that was gonna be
the one thing that i gotta count me out
there I feel like a lot of people just
try things and they get so bummed when
it doesn't work out like it is hard to
do anything successful in this world and
you know like I mean it was years and
years and years of me trying things
until I finally started a company and my
video started getting views and like you
know now I now the company and the
videos can like give me kind of the life
I want that's amazing but it took a lot
of work like I was working for jobs and
just sucking like I was just sucking all
the time and all these different things
i did i was trying real hard but it has
to sometimes things have to fall in
front of the right people or you got a
light switch in your head needs to go on
and you're like oh ok this is what
people want to see here what to do so
don't think too much into all the
specifics i'm talking about i'm just
saying it is okay to be bad at something
and even if you're so dead set on is
something you love like in you're bad at
it well then just keep doing it okay
eventually you're going to get somewhat
better at it or
lucky now there are some people that are
in powerful positions that aren't really
good at their job I'm not saying I want
you to be one of those people I'm just
saying like dedication determination it
really does work out for people in the
end I used to like kind of be the guy
that was just bummed like man nothing's
ever gonna work out and finally did like
I kind of step back to like sometimes
I'm like man I'm really doing this is my
living off of skateboarding and making
videos and it's just kind of weird and
surreal with me also just keep your
brain peeled in your eyes and ears and
all that stuff for any inspiration like
I get this race from music like movies
like everything just let the world soak
in and you know if sometimes things are
just gonna switch and you're gonna find
that thing that really sets you off into
what you want to do is life so I'm just
saying keep all this in mind okay don't
get bumped don't be the due to the end
of day sent on bed being like I'm not
going out tonight okay I'm just not I'm
bummed i suck just go out and suck ok
there's my little two cents I was down
here at the beach today and I was like
it'd be a shame if I didn't do a cheesy
inspirational video at the beach with a
bunch of people look at me like I'm
inspector gadget cuz face it if
inspector gadget was at the beach you
would stare at him same with the dude
with a camera talking himself but I hope
you guys dug that like I said get a lot
of questions asking for how to like
start companies blah blah I'm gonna do
another video on that I have a video of
it already but I'm gonna give you
another one because I have learned more
in life and I feel like I'm a little
better at running running a company and
doing all that stuff like winded right
now probably cuz I'm like running away
from everybody's like don't look at me
I'm filming myself but say guys I'll see
you back in snowy Ohio throw the camera
I'll be a disaster if it fell in the
sand
