hey beany we are at beechmont park and
you're good at a beach bum parking so
would you like to be some pork yeah all
right let's do it that was weird beanie
I only I've ever just seen you do a nose
manual I know it's strange not to see
you flip it or flip out horrible that's
my dude right there oh I like that don't
you do it again did you feel good about
it you're gonna go home and put on the
fridge and say this is what I did well
then you're good oh my gosh are you
kidding me have you ever done that of
course of course you've done that you
almost went in there yeah next else what
do you ever save on excels shoes in the
world well you weren't lying you did do
it right there dude the beanie you gotta
quit that it's perfect and you know it
you just got to keep rolling yeah stop
complaining man
that was perfect dude high-five it do it
four more times 12 that was what dude
you just blew the whole video
wow that did it like a like it's still
going all up there goes yeah it's neg
he's gone but it did do like vert tricks
in the mini ramp
you
