warehouse Wednesday Alex how's it going
buddy
it has been a long time since you've
been on my channel Alex it's been quite
a minute my friend well this week
I'm sorry trying to kickflip sick stairs
in there with this little mini green guy
yeah you gotta do that so what you're
gonna do is warm up you gotta do three
tricks up the stairs down the stairs
like kinda it's good enough that hurt
after you do that you ten minutes to
kick flip it flip it within those ten
minutes you get this which is a garden
gift certificate $25 oh I would tap that
my wife will love that I think you can
do it you're incredibly talented on this
thing and don't break this I'll make
another one if I do
dude you has been a long time do it for
the kiddie you have you the face with
the cameras like run you pull down flat
ground down you're around that is not
good enough my three tricks and then you
get ten minutes to flippy kakie okay
kakie mini boarding is hard it took me
like five minutes the kickflip on
nothing does like a Michael in turn
fault right there
as clean as a whistle two more tricks
there's been a long time she's cat shirt
it's like cat super cat with a spark
would like it I would like it my wife
it's been a long time okay look kick it
friggin all garden time all right Alex
you get ten minutes
Freddie we're starting now just you
freakin thing amazing it's like landing
on a freakin linking log or something
like that it's so tiny
do you see like his feet are bigger than
the board it is seven minute 50 seconds
left
it's got time
my victory time check 2 minutes and 47
seconds I'm happy that it broke like
that now that was amazing it has to kick
first mini-green ever to break that I'm
sorry man
you sir
it's not following two weeks two fails
to broken boards this is craziness
- small bird swipes get a real
skateboard I swear my meager answers
it's a pretty tough you did just kick
full got a 5 stare with a little baby
board well Lincoln long clef to get that
someday for show you got it you stuck it
