whoa the Death Star look at how awesome
this pancake is I know I will do what is
the Death Star dude I wanted you to see
it before I did
is it cool okay here I'll cut it up here
you are sir
you're welcome what's up guys it is a
day-in-the-life
59 it has been a second since I've done
one of these in up Donuts so uh hang out
with me today it's nice outside so I'm
gonna get to go skate outside I've been
working so much lately
I'm gonna have a sort of an easygoing
day so I need that and this guy I've got
to get him to school you're moving oh
you want to set the table cool off okay
could do it
all right buddy I got to go Mama's gonna
take you to school okay I love you hey
karate test later okay so when you go in
from school we're gonna practice all
right okay yes it's gonna be awesome
have a good day I love you it's like a
first stop at the gym I have not worked
out in a very long time because of all
of this holiday chaos which is thanks to
you guys because you kept just so busy
at this red quarters but oh yeah let's
go lift some weights it's how I'm gonna
do that
all right that lady just straight-up
judged me everyone talks to a camera
these days let's go work out done I'm
gonna grab breakfast and coffee and go
to the warehouse and I'm gonna be there
for that long but that is what I'm doing
the car starts kind of sounded like it
listen to me
I cook it free today
whoo hey could I do a grande cold brew I
just realized the infinity war trailer
is out so I'm going to eat my breakfast
and watch this trailer of right now josh
is gonna be so good I really should just
went to comic-con I coulda saw it months
ago gosh this is gonna rock could it
please be may let's go to work
oh how you guys doing Brian huh Brian
how do you feel Don my shorts there
stupid girl hey you think about my
shorts so the company's existing still
nice to lose this currently we had a
great Black Friday weekend so thank you
guys for all the love and support yes
thank you very much let me go fill out
some slips okay and I'm leaving and we
go skateboarding because I have been a
stress human being lately almost get
something too you should come to Bishan
Park with me no right the straight
quarters you guys probably know but this
is my online skate shop where we sell
brands that we own which is revive
skateboards force wheels three-block
skateboards most stuff and there are a
lot of orders everyday because it is the
holiday season hello dudes you like my
shirt this is the best serve that's ever
happened actually oh my gosh I did okay
first before I even say anything about
that how do you feel with my shorts
they're black how I come you do they're
good shorts they label you don't you
wear those all the time
I mean when I yeah when I get here so
fast I'm gonna be honest I'm not working
as much today I'm like so stressed that
I'm gonna dip out but I'm gonna do a
stack of orders first and the Sun is
right here this is a desk brain Simon
Barry I would not plug you in monopoly
because I know how good you are okay but
thank you for the order Thomas Ray I
heard that he got good grades this this
year it could be wrong though but either
way Thomas raised great I like him
Schuyler a reader can arm wrestle
anybody might not win but I'm done
orders I'm going to watch the infinity
war trailer one more time because it is
amazing and then I'm gonna go skateboard
and it's gonna be fun I've not
skateboard outside and I don't remember
when and I'm going to enjoy it
oh yes gosh that gets me psyched think
as we so psyched I think the best thing
I can wash before skating other than an
actual skate video anyone who works on
any of the marbles movies I'm so jealous
of you I would I would you said Meese
like to be the janitor on the set that
day I wanted to be a hashtag Andy for
Marvel's janitor and then I wanted to go
viral and I want to be a janitor
skatepark time
it's almost December and it's so
beautiful and I have been insanely
stressed over some stuff not like with
any specific person or my friends or
anything it's just my kind of work life
the YouTube world is an interesting
place right now so skateboarding is what
I need it's the most therapeutic thing
in the world Stephens coming to fill me
but he's not here yet some of the crews
around to get warmed up Stephens here
and I'm gonna see a board try to to
shove out I had to say that is slid
great I said that before that try
it didn't pop but I will take that gave
me some trouble
the backflip could have looked weird or
amazing that no that was that was so pop
see you it was the best line I think
I've ever known first try so I've got a
stop because if I don't have one I have
time to eat lunch today and I'm pretty
hungry already I struggled a little bit
today but at least I got out I'm gonna
go to my house to eat some lunch real
fast got some super lunch I'm watching
the new Trailer Park Boys season and I
have to eat and get right back to the
Shred quarters to film a warehouse
Wednesday I was really hoping time to
tackle emails but I guess I'm going to
have to try to fit that in later in my
day but that is how my life works so a
stupid trailer park boys let's do it
there's good hanging out I gotta go back
to work right hello again
hello for the first time today hello are
you ready to skateboard so I got to
pause my day-in-the-life for a second to
filming warehouse Wednesday which will
come up this Wednesday so it'll be
Jordan hunter he's a terrifically
talented guy so you will see some great
skateboarding in a stay tuned for them
alright warehouse Wednesday was a ton of
fun make sure you watch it I got to do a
little bit of business stuff here make
some decisions with the dudes and then
I'm gonna at home and I got to answer
emails and get my video ready to go
today I've been looking at like all
arcade art not my best way to disc it
ever start oh yeah
yeah these looks gorgeous dude all right
guys I'm done thank you for your work
your yeah everyone on YouTube thinks
this is the things that simply this one
out there site thanks what
I'm home I got cleaned up and now I have
to smash some emails in and some video
work done I've got like 30 minutes
before Ryden gets home and then I go
into dad mode and we're gonna train for
his karate test tonight so that's my
plan that's what I'm doing this is my
face this is my shoulder I'm gonna stop
before I get carried away that was
getting dumb real fast all right where's
my computer because home how was school
dude yeah I missed you need care hey
I've got the best thing ever okay you
know what came out today no well yeah
we're about to practice karate but the
New Avengers trailer came out today and
we are gonna watch it right now how
awesome is that movie gonna be okay then
you'll probably have to wait to watch it
until you're a little older too I'm
sorry buddy I gotta see how violent it
is Hey all right you ready to practice
karate because in like one hour you've a
test for your new belt look at you so by
the end of the night this belt is gonna
be a yellow yes he's been doing really
good in his karate class and I think
he's gonna nail his test for hey Jew
number one okay all right I want to see
that kick a little bit higher okay a lot
of times you're in class you kick down
here okay nobody nobody's standing down
there so if someone's attacking you
unless they're six inches tall okay you
got to kick a little higher
there you go get that foot up there try
it again go that was good
also look what I got for you you don't
want to try it we can try it later on
I honestly meant to get a this is like a
more sturdier one that I meant to get
wanna try to break it yeah do that all
right don't be bummed if you don't do
this okay you gotta do it right down the
middle and follow-through okay you do it
that was super good alright so we're
going to karate class for his yellow
belt test he did really good practicing
I think he's gonna do it so will will
tune in after that because I'm not gonna
film a bunch of random people in chronic
class they wouldn't appreciate that with
it yeah what would you do if Ironman is
visiting besides your karate class yeah
I'm so proud of you dude it's it we got
it now we gotta start working on the
orange belt right high five yep it's
rock high five at the rock call like a
rooster okay geez that you just never
one's gonna think it's gonna girl stop
screaming a rooster says
cock-a-doodle-doo you think cavemen ever
kissed a dinosaurs no all right so to
celebrate we are going to out of guard
in time yeah you guys got your belts I
fine all right let's go get some pasta
oh you got a salad yep we got one piece
of onion Disney of that we're home all
garden was pretty good how was your
evening while I was gone
you know there it is
now just do it really fast and over and
over again yeah I can't I can't either
here flush flush flush flush flush flush
flush feeder life game yes we are put
right into bed now I'm just gonna work
for the rest of the night because that's
what I do actually I'm gonna spend some
quality time with my wife watch TV show
play a game or something and then I'm
gonna go I'm gonna work and go to bed
okay you go to bed you wake up and then
you have to go to walk and then the
night will go over again yeah you okay
in pain with your life again are you
saying every day of my life is the same
it's not it feels like that sometimes
though but I hope you guys liked it like
I said yeah like things are super
stressful and I'm not gonna get into
that you know this time of year is crazy
for the businesses but there's a lot of
weird things happening with YouTube
right now and I don't like to talk about
work drama here I want to keep these
videos fun so I hope this video is fun
for you it was fun for me it was so
awesome to get out of my skateboard and
I'm really proud of this guy for getting
to see how about a high five
so what every bugger we're gonna read
the night I'm gonna show you - look at
that Dino riders so thank you guys for
watching if you want to see more videos
I do videos all the time I have a new
one tomorrow hit the subscribe button
right below the video and then if you
want to do something even further click
the Bell button that'll let you know
right away when I upload videos and that
will help a lot so are you guys watching
I love you a Dana lie of 59 oh yeah I
love you watching us I love you I don't
think I meant to say that but I love you
guys I do I love you me and the baby fan
I love you have to kiss them you do good
know and I would it say good bye
I'm ended up I wrote that myself to
toast
