don't just don't do that YouTube what's
up guys I'm setting up my very first
mini board okay it's a what does that
company called it Alex does the mini
green mini board but I don't actually
have it with me right now Brian bring
that paper bag to me walk it come on no
run we run can you run as fast as you
can don't don't do that that was that
word else I worked out so much better
than it should have so what happens is
my buddy Alex Buena idea takes used
skateboards that people are not using
anymore and he cuts them down too many
boards and this one happens to have Star
Wars grip tape so when he said do you
want this I was like yes sign me up okay
grab a contract I'm psyched on
this so this is the mini green why it
doesn't have a graphic is because it's a
use bore it's a good way to reuse decks
and not let things go to waste
okay so that's why I'm doing I'm gonna
set this up and you're gonna watch me in
the Madhu some tricks on this you go
buddy
thank you good we get out here get out
this video okay so I have this stuff I
have the mini green deck that I told you
about she's actually an order of live
deck this was a Ryan Bracken so I'm
gonna look down I'm gonna be like Ryan
Bracken okay that's what I'm gonna say
got some 51 strike force wheels I have
some packed up the orion trucks which i
did an unboxing so you guys probably
just saw this have some synopsis ceramic
bearings high quality stuff they Rock
then I have new force hardware okay
that's a six bring your bolts and then
two white bolts for the front so I can
look down and be like honestly I'm gonna
look down to say hey I know which ones
might knows how many more looks but if
you have a regular board these are kind
of cool because you can look down and
don't think I know these are not yet
available just yet they should come out
within a month or so so be on the
lookout for these we have revive bolts
come in two and those are red force
white revive reference and I'm dumb
these are actually 50 millimeter I was
like mini bored I'm good I'll go with
smaller wheels but I'm gonna put all
this stuff together so let's do it
I'm gonna try to I'm gonna try to hawk
open this wheel right did not succeed at
all I feel like I'm doing something
that's true I do feel like I'm doing
something Packaging officially crumpled
boom ceramic bearings blue baseplate
blueish wheel graphic also you got a
sticker with it isn't that cute you put
this on your skateboard on your front
door on a dog I don't I don't really
care where you put it I want to know how
these came to be called trucks that's
probably you know I can just google this
but I'm gonna I'm it you know I'm dumb I
don't know if this is common knowledge
but why are they called trucks do it
well here's the information probably
comes from the shortening of the word
truckle truckle is related to the Latin
word trochus this is getting crazy which
means iron hoop or wheel since axles on
skates were originally smaller iron
wheels that is probably why they're
called trucks because they're actually
chuckles I do not want to call them
troubles it's not a word that I want to
use I'm gonna be I'm gonna put that out
there the information I didn't have to
look it up the information literally
came to me thank you thank you Tom wheel
and bearing time bearing on wheel
this is the boombox wheel you'll put her
honor it works so there we go it is done
we have mini green board we have the
fourth wheels synopsis bearings Orion
trucks and force bolts so wow you look
at the camera there so it's awesome I've
never had my own mini board we used to
get like Toys R Us many boards for Alex
to mess with and they kept breaking and
ever since he switched to this the way
he does it with mini green they're solid
and it takes a lot to break these so I'm
excited I'm not that good at it but I'm
gonna try to some tricks leave you
people good let's do this oh yeah I
totally forgot to put stickers on this
even though they're kind of already
stickers on it left over from before but
I'm gonna reach ticker it we have am
grip sticker we have some more Ryan
stickers we have a four sticker a
synopsis sticker and Brian we have hot
cakes provide me with cakes we have the
hot cake sticker just gotta know you
gotta know coming soon you got a no what
does that mean put these on
well ah I don't really put much thought
into I just kind of stuck them on there
but it works less skateboard kickflip
test
you don't know is that I'm gonna be
astonished if I land this first truck
I'm never oh my gosh
get in roll it's hard dude it was really
smooth that is amazing
that was incredible
Oh
good
so there you go this was my mini board
set of videos and tricks and it's
actually it's really hard to do some of
those tricks it's which it's kind of
weird because like people see it you're
like you just screw it around but it did
take some skill and now interviewing is
very very good at it and he sells these
every once awhile he like does videos on
YouTube saying hey these are for sale in
my store so definitely go check out his
channel and stay up to date because I
think he has a new batch coming up soon
so there'll be a link right down the
info and at the end of this video to his
channel go check him out and that is it
hope you guys like this video I'll have
more boards with this I'm going to do a
720 double flip on this I think snakes
hey Thomas you want in this video buddy
yeah alright three flip Astaire's
alright right now first rockin yeah he
did just lay it wait a year oh you are
regular footed ring alright come on come
on do it
did it Oh boardslide
you
