there you go there should literally be
nobody surprised by what just happened
in front of your eyes and did not mean
for that to rhyme literally like not one
soul better have watched at me like this
is gonna end okay you know when I think
him rolling up and then always grabbing
his board okay I'm like really what did
you expect to happen alright clearly he
was kind of hoping for something along
the lines and falling into the bush
happened but for everyone else watching
you know he was not going to 540 out of
that ledge okay no kickflips happening
it was just falling that was the only
possibility which I'm completely fine
with because that was one of the
funniest falls in the world and props to
this guy that is raymond doin his
friends with jason park and they were
down goofing off in arizona and i would
just like to say thank you guys
completely took one for the team i have
never jumped into a bush like that you
know i watched the old CKY videos and I
was like that you could get stabbed like
you can easily have a stick that's like
you know what I'm not breaking I think
that one didn't kind of burrow myself
into your stomach but freaking people
like that but people like Raymond are
just a troopers okay there's soldiers
and I love the fact that he screams
cannonball as he's about to do it I know
that's like the skateboard trick
technically but I would like that if
people just screamed cannonball before
anything entertaining happen in life
he'd be like a warning okay you just
hear you like all right what am I
missing or do I gotta look we just
really think about how awesome that
would be just to prove it here are some
instances that it could have been it
could have been used
hi I'm onto something here okay and I'm
gonna take full credit so someone
screams cannonball in public it has
nothing to do with it of the steel
cannonball comin at you you're giving
Andy and spread the word which really
Raven ass so Raymond Randy will just say
Randy okay well mutual eyes on this one
and randy has spread the word on
cannonball and even better i usually
show you guys some talent escape were in
tricks of the dude falling to show that
they can skateboard too well i'm going
to show you more cannibals okay and
they're landed again involves they were
like successful okay like the freaking
bullet Bill's mario like that those
dudes they didn't they did it so here is
Jason and Friends cannonballing there
you guys go I hope you guys done
everything that just happened in front
of your eyes and this is fall friday i
do fall friday about every two weeks so
i'll be back i believe max Mayberry is
up next and you know what I still kind
of have one of Jason that I need to put
together so to be continued on Jason
park putting the go-ahead your daily
video so hit the subscribe button if you
want to see more for me and I'm gonna go
okay I'm gonna be back tomorrow with
another video and the next day or the
next day and right now I'm gonna I'm
gonna do Brian his favor kena bah oh
dude there were scissors in there
they're worse there's two pair scissors
in there
then I would like to take the end of
this video clip and say here are the
instagrams that you need to follow I'll
even if you can read this but this is
jason park okay apt adjacent Park
because that's witness creamed us and
this is at Ray realms ra y ro amz and i
highly suggest that you guys go on there
and just say cannonball I'm all their
pictures they're gonna be like wow I
really wish Andy didn't do this they
probably well that's probably gonna
happen now goodbye
you
