okay he's in a boxing time yeah oh gosh
God you do we have a box from a Ryan
just me yeah mouthing so my body's and
make this a little more zing Legos for
riding okay we are here aren't we ridin
Jake at Orion trucks
it was nice actually you know what this
is one of the first times that I was
like hey
Orion I need something so I called it my
buddy Jake who's an awesome dude he made
your skateboard ridin you're like your
little skateboard I don't even ask him
he made it for you how nice of that so I
needed trucks for a my own mini board
that I'm going to be putting together
here shortly in a video see I'm just
send me some small trucks and then some
trucks for new regular-sized skateboard
that I'm gonna set up in the future and
then this showed up on my doorstep days
later because Jake rocks
all right what do we have first that's
true and then what happen box or do we
have paper yes we got more paper we have
more paper and we have more paper that's
correct pulled out pull it out okay here
are the goodies oh you threw an extra we
have oh well you said three pairs of
trucks okay so we have submit sure Pat
Duffy pro model trucks these will be for
the many more the trucks are awesome
like I said there Pat Duffy Pat Duffy is
a legend and it's a cool graphic it's
kinda like a Grateful Dead esque graphic
with with like a skull and wings and
stuff and it's red white and blue and
all that and awesome blue base plates
which are pretty cool revived has some
blue decks that I'll be able to match
this with do not put my finger in your
mouth you goo okay I'm gonna set this
over here for a second so I have one
pair of the basic Orion's and then I
have one mini of the Pat Duffy's and I
have one regular of the Pat Duffy's
pretty awesome there's something in here
for you ridin what is that a keyboard
finger train a Pat Duffy fingerboard
keychain so this is like the Pat Duffy
package so you guys never see Pat Duffy
save Andy says thanks for all of his
gear oh oh
we'll open it we'll play with it and
then we have another keychain this is
just kind of a blue Orion keychain which
is pretty cool
revised should make these I have another
Orion keychain
and then what are these red those are
stickers and yes you get to have
something to put them on your ramps yeah
let me have a little Ryan pamphlet which
is pretty cool I'm pretty sure that you
get these with your Orion orders on
their website so I'll put the link right
down there I just kind of go it has
pictures let me hold there's Pat Duffy
on the cover it's got some shots of
their product and some skate photos all
the good stuff oh oh all good stuff oh
good oh my gosh and then we have some
bigger stickers basically the rest of
the back of the box is just like a bunch
of stickers so but yeah Ryan has had my
back for years now and I've been scaring
them and honestly like I skate the
trucks forever and a lot of times I just
switch them out because I have other
trucks so now I'll just hand my used
trucks to a friend that needs pair
trucks or whatnot but they're awesome so
if you guys want to try out on trucks
it's around trucks calm but the link
will be right down the info definitely
check it out and Jake and Orion truck 2
always hooks us up even more than I need
to be hooked up so I'm gonna do a
giveaway here soon with some Orion
shirts probably at the end of this video
so stay tuned for that and let's get to
something that goes get up off the floor
your toddler in the box okay before
Legos ridin wants me to open up this
keep key chain which is pretty cool oh
 look look look you see this chain
er here yeah you put your keys on it
no-mind blenheim right is yours say
thank you Oh Ryan you like lipslide say
lipslide yep
Lego time right Oh excited with this I
want to open it oh we got the alien
again anyway yeah there you go
are you gonna give us one of your
friends and you already have it good
little dude right there
oh my Apple to Aubree she would like
that okay next one oh and a new one
ridin you got a new one you totally got
a new one
oh we go I mean which is a warrior
doesn't she ride oh my gosh she comes
with two swords two swords cat alright
here we go
you know I put with your collection
katana samurai lady but like I said I
have some shirts to give away I'll put
pictures of them right here boom that's
what they look like
and then with each of those shirts I'll
give away one of these key chains that I
got but how you enter these is you're
going to go on Instagram and follow Oh
Ryan trucks
I'll put it's right here on the screen
and right down in there and then photo
with that in your mouth don't put any of
that in your mouth so once you're
following them you're going to put a
picture on your Instagram of Brian Eames
and make it funny make it a meme do
whatever you want to do make it about
Bry names because everything is about
brand names and put it under the hashtag
Orion shirts go and I will go throw the
hashtag and I'm going to pick two of
these and the funniest to get a shirt in
a keychain each and then I'll announce
the winners on on my Instagram myself
and I'll contact you on Instagram and
then tell you guys how to get me your
address if you're younger than 18 make
sure that your parents know you're doing
this because you're gonna give me your
address if you win and then you can win
anywhere in the world and I'll pick a
winner in a few days like three to five
to seven I don't know but good luck so
follow Ryan post picture Bob Ryan and
put out of the hashtag Orion shirts yo
that's on the screen right here and
you're entered to win okay right say
good luck red good that polka good luck
polka like Pocahontas oh okay good luck
poke honest if someone's out there named
co-con zombie now be an odd name these
days but I'm cool with it so that's it
thank you guys and what do you got to
say ready huh cool goggle got Haiku got
guy I love you okay I love you papa papa
at least you love Papa bobba all right
goodbye
Oh what bang unborn your hate your hands
gone oh there it is ready you're looking
my hand is right here
I won't wedding your give me this my
hands gone mm-hmm where to go and I it's
what oh my oh my hand is in your arm
what no what's not what your goofy hey
grab my hand
