warehouse Wednesday right names you are
your own person today brine aims my own
person yeah yeah it's a usually usually
the host but this this space is gonna do
a trick today okay you've been
struggling with a 545 cube or for a very
long time how do you not tricks don't
you haven't okay but I feel like you've
progressed okay you've slimmed down you
have a shirt was freaking lightning volt
cat eye things you have ten minutes to
do it
if you succeed inch of Justin Lana curse
singing when he did it the others have a
good if you lose I'm gonna make a really
awkward slow motion song time of your
face with different clips I know you
will okay you're right do that anyways
no I'll be a hobby oh good oh oh my gosh
I thought you started like at me and
YouTube and some sugar throwing that at
YouTube yeah you should've did you get
it all right I tried to throw a snowball
back at Michael but it's solid ice on
the ground yeah all right later man
bright aims and it's rock you can warm
up it's like a few a lot of warm up yeah
yeah good do a kickflip if you can't you
can't it would be amazing
oh that was perfect then you did like no
not not birds Brian don't put your
hoodie here
look at those feet Michael the intern
get your phone out I don't know you were
just unprepared gosh
dear socks on the best thing is that he
checked to see if he had socks on
Bobby's was proving is gonna show
show me that could be that could be true
he's like a sock counselor guy what kind
of socks you got today but on your mark
saver ten minutes this is gonna be a
struggle fest and then when we ask you a
time tell us how much you have left
started come on
all right honorable attempts you have
nine minutes and 45 seconds left just in
case you were wondering I like that I
like it
eight minutes 20 seconds
that's potential do you feel gross
wearing that hat a little bit yeah the
sweat could be seeping even for your
beanie six minutes and 58 seconds that
was that was that was decent four
minutes and thirty seconds you got a
decent month huh you can do this Kate
look at this fist okay you did like it
at the buzzer last time do do it now
before the buzzer right now all you you
are if you were Skeletor you'd be him
no no hey look is hey get your in your
cat heart in there okay spin it okay
your board is a doughnut and kick it dos
minutos two minutes I can't believe you
actually did it
I freaking cracked we've been skating
ever but yeah nine months actually your
fault dude your focus is well you're
know maybe you just need a skateboard
better yes days seem dark for Brian
Eames what's the time one minute one
minute with a crack board
25 seconds 20 you got like two tries if
you go fast
ah come on one more try do it
time's up
time is up all right it doesn't change
anything you're gonna get those
awkward's you did finish it well we
definitely got our time out of that
board now we get to put a new one on
because we have one more I will I will
lend this one day to be continued
cue the awkward Bryan Ames slow-motion
shot yep
well Brian at least you still have a cat
on your shirt with lightning blowing I
would say check out studio Nika if she's
awesome view tell her tell her I sent
you there yeah well you got to put a new
board together I do is that what you're
doing right now
no wait for tomorrow
