hey sandpaper you know you always say
watch them what do you say now you say
shoot a ball right that's what you
always say we're gonna literally shoot a
ball today okay I got a laundry basket
in a basketball we're gonna kick the
basketball out of the skate park and
into the laundry basket
are we okay shoot a ball with you this
is what happens when you want to do
YouTube video you get random dumb ideas
you buy laundry baskets and basketballs
well yeah it's sure we're gonna escape -
well I'm not you guys say we do it over
here because everyone else is skating
here that was good
this might not be hard I don't even know
if this is gonna be an entertaining
video but the only ball that walgreens
had was a deflated basketball as long as
we can kick it I'm cool I'm gonna go get
that you're starting this out okay all
right back 180 basketball back real
super original right yeah no way that
would have been radical gnarly tubular
if ik and just all-around mediocre I'm
gonna kick it off it's gonna fly and
then go into the laundry basket it's
probably done but now it's there oh dude
all right sega saturn all right
too much gusto this is for Celine Dion
just cool being the guy with the laundry
basket at the skate park
oh my god
okay that was on accident I'm gonna be
honest okay we're all honesty people
here huh no we got to do it it was in
harvesting I've done all year it's all
been a month but it's the hardening of
the ER what the heck oh my gosh that
sucks
yep right exactly
he literally just moved it to where it
was before where it was dude maybe about
tomorrow we'll get this maybe probably
not though I don't like to think beanie
Sam and Hank Hill
this kind of like what major does except
major does things worth watching yeah
this is cool hey when major does it it's
like why watch anything you're not at
school
we're not at school someday yeah and
then makes you wonder like why am I
watching this video you guys want to see
a spaceship here it is
