thirteen hundred videos Brian I mean
seriously I cannot thank you guys enough
that you've watched my stuff as often as
as you do to where I even have thirteen
hundred he was made I love what I do and
I'm gonna give you guys a recap of the
last 100 videos in my channel like I
always do but seriously I really mean it
thank you so much for watching my videos
it means the world and I just really
want to drill on the internet you are
awesome
I mean seriously I can't say that I just
want you to listen to those words live
into your brain okay Internet you're
awesome
don't you think so Brian Internet you
are awesome that's just the truth okay
so and here's my whiteboard because I
always I always have those that's it and
I'll be guys nope you guys enjoy the one
hundred recap video okay Brian you sir
have your Apple
good her is he good app your apples
pretty good where are we going right now
we're going to Neptune we are gonna go
to Neptune we have some we're gonna eat
some space nachos buddy yeah
that was good that was good dude he's
one he's just walking away or you should
let's walk off that is a walk off walk
off I don't like your face
as do you want to see a real-life pop-up
ad boom not really that funny but I
honestly didn't put that much thought
into what just happened it was a big
slide it was like the biggest at the
water park on us and we're not just
saying that it was like a family slide
that goes in this huge big tube thing
are you scared or what you have you act
how did it go again yeah do you want do
it again
stop zooming in on me I'm taking your
balloon
Radner we honor a smooth road or a bumpy
road I think it's bumpy oh it's smooth
that's my son calling for Santa of the
chimney
you wanted him to hit it with his back
truck he literally just did that I went
a lot further back Andy this time with
Ryan bracket dollar lip okay looks like
this are often taken to be creative but
sometimes you have to wonder if the
skateboarder is just being lazy and Andy
hits the camera and the camera hits Ryan
come on trying to get your board up your
hands
