youtube what's up guys i hope you dug
the footage you just saw that was
actually a teaser for a project my buddy
Nigel's doing if you don't know who
nigel is then you really need to he is
an awesome dude a talented skateboarder
and he's a great film ER he filmed some
of the best skateboarders out there the
pros up comers and he puts it on his
youtube channel it's a successful
channel so you've probably already know
about it but he sent me this teaser to
upload it was only 22 seconds long and I
wasn't going to make this better so you
guys saw that and I'm also going to give
you a chance to win this skateboard this
is 8 inch lips k diet limited deck it's
a little marked up so i can't sell it so
I was like I'll give it to you dudes how
are you gonna do that is you're going to
first subscribe to Nigel channel to be a
link right down there and at the end of
this video it'll be the bottom link and
go subscribe and find the video and K
month one he has a new project where
he's going to be uploading a video part
of himself every single month and he
just uploaded it it's really good it
shows you that he's still killing it and
to enter you're gonna say why you liked
that video so just say like I like this
video because Nigel can freaking crush a
salad I don't know I don't know I'm just
saying words at this point but so just
comment once and you're entered to do it
don't comment a bunch of times if I see
that you're just spamming it I will not
pick you so there you go i will pick
winners at the beginning next week i'm
gonna give away that deck of course and
then the person who wins the deck will
also get some new revive life bolts
these will come up to like next month so
it'll you get these before everyone else
does and then two runner-ups will also
get some new life bolts if you're
younger than 18 make sure your parents
know you're doing this because you're
going to give me your address and then
that's it just go subscribe to Nigel
find the NK a month one video and tell
me why you like it put it in the
comments and you're entered to win
that's it okay I'll put all that
information down below and that's it
Justin you said something just Ilana
curb I was like hey man you want to
skate do a trick for this video and he
was like yeah what do you want me to do
it I was like five of the round he was
like only need to be warmed up to that
so he's going to put his mouth whereas
money is all right said that didn't work
first try on first try dude I'm not
going to give you anything because every
time i say i'm going to give somebody
something they do it first try do it
that was so dumb you really did it first
try like you haven't you have not skated
since you got on here i haven't seen it
in like three days oh shut up
