have a box do something you knew my to
stuff was gonna come out there was a box
I thought you wouldn't throw us out the
part where you asked you were like hey
you want to intro me to the day of the
life I didn't know how you wanted to do
it never a good idea to ask you you
wouldn't throw something really hard cuz
your car's right there yeah it was a
good strategy Garrett's gonna come I
think and install coping on that whole
thing along the side of it no on the
middle in the middle of it yeah that's
how you know that I that I am a good
friend because I did not get the ranch
yes there I would have drank it I know
you I wouldn't have three well I would
have snug it in your sandwich oh god I'm
rich soda on bread see there was there
ketchup one thing ketchup soda don't
give anyone ideas dropped immediately
you've been here for like a minute you
ready ruining my name that's all right
never lose your day ruining my dad you
know this shows on the TV and cable and
stuff where they like judge people but a
judge Brian's good is it is that
quinella Quinn oh yes this coin Noah was
it called quinoa quinoa quinoa it's like
quinoa corn carrots spicy barbecue sauce
explain you ketchup spicy ketchup I put
it on there myself I applicative what
you look really tall you're standing on
skateboard
you like tumbled across it like a
Lincoln Log putting the screws on the
toddler and then we were going to
Chipotle right ridin eyeballing a
divorce if Avery dog is your favorite
bouncy ball right you did you drew on it
yeah that's pretty you also made me
cookies for Valentine's Day didn't your
buddy Wow hacky sack okay look you try
to not let it hit the ground and I just
failed immediately it is choo-choo train
building time yeah it could be epic
yeah give me a train I get a train I
definitely want the red one Michelangelo
uh where's Mikey hey Mikey what are you
doing are you telling me that you want
to baseball Raffaele into the wall let's
not do that
yeah buddy they're gonna break something
we can why would you did look at
Raphael's face you think he wants that
Wow no he doesn't
also was a classic mom we don't play
baseball in the house might be a good
thing to say right now see what'd I say
Wow good argument buddy
talk real yeah I love you thank you
