is it on yeah well then we're doing a
YouTube video what's up guys I'm doing a
vlog so today that's gonna be fun
first off we have a photo shoot here at
the Shred Coors is the holiday photo
shoot so I can dress up as Santa and
pull Jam over a Christmas tree but right
now alex is doing an elf backside
tailslide and they're about to shoot the
photo of that then we are going to a
skate park we're highly suspect a
popular band if you haven't heard of
them if you probably already have is
doing a show and Ally skate park is at a
brand new skate park they have done so
much stuff with it I haven't been there
so that's gonna be a lot of fun hang out
with me today
I wanted to be in this much close
skateboarding the answer is no it's
literally like wearing clothes and then
wearing like another layer of sweat
clothes sweatshirts sweatpants on itself
and the Heat's on it's like nice outside
and it's like the heat is blasting in
here I turn it off but I think ones
still going I don't know I'm not bad
looking Santa look your house look at
the hole oh hello like mrs. Doubtfire at
least I tried it now I'm not scared
thank you yeah that's fine
oh this is thick it's like one of the
hardest time things I've shot that's
what happens when you shoot photos there
sometimes he's got to keep doing tricks
I did need to get a target because I
wanted to buy some new pants but my
schedule has not allowed me that's very
typical of my life as I don't have time
to do everything I want to do so I will
not be buying new pants and I'm gonna
hurry back to home and get ready to pick
up my son from the bus so let's head
there you guys very quickly made my
house I was recording good made my house
like so much more cluttered than it was
like where'd those chips come from
you're mine I got home I went to go get
riding from the bus stop but time I got
back you guys had set up camp in here
and made this happen so uh I literally
only get like five minutes with ride
right now it is terrible it drives me
crazy right here hey show us show Matt
he's got this thing that makes noises so
show YouTube insider
right there you guys go in case you need
to know how to work one of these things
oh yeah you like that don't you hey I'm
not gonna be I'm not gonna be here when
you go to bed as I do I know I'm sorry
but tomorrow me and you okay just like
any normal day we have tons of fun we're
getting power Moon's right all right I
love you
I gotta get your karate key and get you
ready okay you want out your shoes are
on good that's rare that his shoes are
on
now that they forgave me sure wow that's
good alright so this is gonna be fun
we're here at Ollie's skate park highly
suspect is playing and I work with the
label 300 Entertainment who they're
under and just all-around awesome bunch
of people and I've meant to hook up with
these dudes last time they're in town
but I failed and now I'm making up work
all right so I think we have some free
time I don't really know what's going on
but it's good it's gonna be cool it's
gonna be a lot of fun there's gonna be a
lot of people here and we're gonna do
some creepy Halloween skating that's my
sweet Halloween but that's what I'm
calling it
look what they do to me must be
I'm ready for love
but I'm ready for more
I figured it out
I'm a peon commander today I have you
recorded great alright then
that was a fun night I had a lot of fun
just to be able to skate and cruise
around with a rock music playing it was
a lot of fun I want to thank 300
entertainment for letting me work on
this with them I did their social media
so I was like on their story just having
a good time goofing off and I'll get
some of those clips and I'm wearing a
random video down the line but then the
band highly suspect I met a couple of
the guys super nice dudes I got to sit
down with the drummer Ryan and like have
a full-on conversation the lead singer
terrible Johnny I got to meet him too he
was really cool because it was kind of
busy he's like up and moving but yeah
check them out if you like rock music
there is such a unique raw sound then
you probably know about it because
they're big but really really cool band
good sound and that's it hope you guys
like this video I will see you guys very
soon because I do videos here all the
time if you want to see more for me hit
the subscribe button right below the
video and then for the band's stuff so
yeah if you want to listen to them I'll
have some of the information down there
as well
so that is it I'm gonna go you have a
good day you see how my eyebrows are
going down right now it means I'm
serious you better have a good day if
you don't at the end of the day you're
gonna have a dream of me yelling at you
be ready
