warehouse Wednesday I was a good
deflection Brian I try sir
how's it going buddy oh yes what I want
to see you guys you guys are just like
shadows in this snow this week you have
to do a warm-up line and then we've set
up this weird wall right II
thingamadoodles thing you have to do a
trick on it if you do a trick on it give
this good card within 10 tries you only
got 10 shot 10 tries I guess hand times
2 on this obstacle is snowing we saw
your instrument part so we like we knew
we thought of you when we set this up
tight definitely down have you oh my
gosh we'll just say like is this is Alex
gonna like it just stops what are you
doing I'm making mini green board hey
are you go stacker someone I ever talked
to your time when you were saying what
the prize Mostel there are other prizes
PF Chang's gift card I'm doing - I won
$25 yeah it's 100 bucks but I get there
a calamari then their lettuce wraps are
good - yeah the most reps yeah warm-up
line right mom yeah
yeah all right because that that is the
warm-up right there
did you see that Oh how did you even try
the trick I was like how is my
skateboard back under me
it's time to do it to it you ate it
that's it I don't care what you do how
you get here wall ride down the stairs
all right that's insane he's the dude
clearly just switch wall room then okay
guys
ten tries oh my gosh clearly second
truck sector no soon thanks man oh that
was you four you get this 50 eggs dude
yes get the get the leather straps nice
never been there if you guys haven't
seen it check out this one skateboards
of those crannies this dude shreds it
that's it thanks man
of course yeah and to end this I'm
totally gonna hit Brian Ames the
snowboard as I should that's the action
in this snow socket packing on your face
making the business snowball
you really got the bum end of the
fricken I think about 3 snowballs yeah
you got the bum end of the pool table
dude bottom in the pool table I said bum
in but you can go with that one
you
