welcome in the 2015 SGA World Tour is
the third day on the tour things are off
to eat he did start we have a handful of
skateboarders eager to make a name for
themselves and we're gonna start out
today by tuning into some of the warm-up
tricks this third day is sponsored by
Gulf wax good for any ledge rail or
hubba and is also ironic because it has
the word Gulf in the name but for now
let's skate I myself and Jim Colson and
I'm here with John jarred ago
good to be here Jim thank you our first
skateboarder is Josh Katz
he's a Northern Kentucky at a DIY spot
Josh is known for wearing a helmet when
others definitely do not the internet
does like to make fun of him that is for
sure let's see what he has for us o ran
into a semi truck tire that's been
concreted into the ground and now I see
why he wears a helmet ah Jason Park you
can love him or hate him but you can't
deny that he is entertaining is that my
cup of tea but I like it I'm not quite
sure I follow you John gets into a nose
manual I'm interested to see where these
tickets I'm liking where this is headed
and he does the wall very solid I think
that comes from his Asian heritage and
here's a nice Rock rolling up to what
seems to be a boardslide and he does
land I can't help but think but I watch
and escape it at any moment you could
Photoshop of course in between his legs
and he would not look out of place and
that would have to agree with you there
Jim
feel like Andy would make a better
cowboy than hopefully I Sam cater he's
of course known for his viral video I
can't even but not many people know that
he could skateboard - oh well that
clearly was not the best demonstration
of his talent right there he phrased
what I originally said and say he can't
even skateboard that was not funny job
I'm not quite sure he's going to get up
well if he's dead I do contribute that
to his called Asian Heritage Act Andy
this time with Ryan bracket dollar lip
Hey looks like this are often taken to
be creative but sometimes you have to
wonder if the skateboarder is just being
lazy and Andy it's the camera and the
camera hits Ryan and I enjoyed that
better than I enjoyed their trick here
we have Sam Nestle approaching a
handrail he takes a scooter to the face
I must say I hated when that happens I
kind of liked it and we're back with
Jason Park skating
well more stairs than you're used to
seeing him skate I believe this is a 36
stair in San Jose California I'd like to
take a second and just appreciate that
Jason isn't ruling this massive Hubbell
with any unneeded silliness like a
somersault or a hand flip variation just
getting from point A to point B like a
shirt he nails it before happy about
that one and he ruins with a somersault
and Kyle Krause is so bad at
skateboarding that he only has one of
the wheels touching the ground as he
tries to roll
