go down garage or my gosh a
day-in-the-life 31 dudes
he had 7:30 a.m. and I was like creeping
around the house aw quietiy quietiy I
didn't want to wake anybody up so I'm
doing the intro of my car and I'm going
straight straight quarters I started out
this day by lying because I'm totally
getting coffee and a breakfast sandwich
like I always do and then I'm going to
straight quarters so let's do this daily
life
I would do in gross coffee and then the
breakfast sandwich I'm gonna eat you but
I'm gonna wait a second till you're not
hot snowing I want me to see that the
camera but I can see with my eyeballs so
I'm the first one here Brian sometimes
gets here at 7:00 a.m. sometimes gets
here at 9:00 a.m. he's always he's all
over the place but I'm glad he's not
here because I'm totally gonna shoot him
with the nerf gun that black ninja sent
me
oh I'm just kidding good I'm sorry I
feel bad but dude black ninja sent me a
nerf gun for us I'm not gonna not shoot
you I would like to say don't fire nerf
guns people's faces but I've never been
to say that but in case there's like a
three year old watching out there don't
do it so I'm done feeling bad that I
shop around in the face of the nerf gun
we totally got skateboards in yesterday
we're like in the process of getting a
lot of boards in right now so these got
to get sorted I don't know if I'm gonna
do it personally today because I got a
new taxes and orders and all that fun
stuff but we will see let's see what the
day presents us I'm gonna take my hoodie
off right Michael how are you doing this
is a day in the life 31 what do you you
hit me you hit me you can fall powder
that's funny that's real funny in the
face now you hit me in the alfalfa right
here and welcome to day life 31 here
right-handed shaken oh wait come on come
on come on
speaking of the alfalfa if you ever
notice this thing in the back of my head
that you don't hit me again my gosh dude
come on I'm sorry I'm sorry eating that
no that was a good one all right well
that hit me right in the freaking
mustache
ninja this rule thank all right now then
30 minutes of shooting each other the
nerf gun is out of the way I'm going to
fill out orders and Jerry toy thank you
for this order buddy didn't show to
Perry chair to freaking Perry oh my gosh
I think Will Smith orbitals
Anthony pop-up I'm psyched that you're
back on the board brother oh my gosh it
is snowing that is really snowing snow
time that sucks
unless we have this place
front side blonde I think Justin lot
occurs here this way alright hey man
candy cane this is from our friend Jake
Barrera
nice guy and probably isn't that
gingerbread soda these are actually
probably pretty good wait till you see
the one I got inside the one that I got
I know you had one in stock pile this is
the last one this is the final go good
because the last one almost killed me I
know it's gonna kill all of us
oh man Bry names and Michael the intern
have a seat
yep this is happening this is the
Triwizard Tournament of tasting sodas we
have gingerbread soda candy cane and we
have the ultimate buffalo wing soda
Ava's everyone have a bottle cap out
with her Ryan can do it with anything
give me a key to open it give me this I
didn't hand you look out your City to
Brian he's it tastes like burners first
yeah I can see that alright come on JLo
it looks like you're just drinking a
beer bitches love this that's what
there's a label yeah there we go
you like it oh that's horrible
what are you talking Brian - I was as
bad I don't drink soda though there's
like a firework of sweetness going on my
mouth yeah it tastes like that like
butterscotch no it's not horrible yeah
it does it does say sluggish gotcha you
to put that in your body it sounds so
bad
can you sit down for five seconds is the
weirdest thing I've ever had in my mouth
Jake Piero sent these to us it's
terrible
Brian eat everything is JC it can
Kaitlyn actually Katie I don't like any
kid something bad I don't know why I'm
surprised I shouldn't go into this this
is gonna be weird it's not bad the
aftertaste of all of these are pretty
good about this is free meal the worst
one as we know I made the peanut butter
and jelly cold last time and I fail I
made a way worse so I went warm this
time looks toxic I'm from Buffalo to
like it does not make this any better it
does not so I'm gonna like spilling to
myself or something oh my gosh what does
the cat made enema
I'm gonna make a video just a
brain-sucking and open a bottle all
right here yf1 watch this and you
couldn't do it with metal just go for it
wait gagging already everything today
what that was horrible
oh my god kooky nut butter jelly still
work yeah peanut butter jelly still
works huh yeah give you our review no
did you give me a $1000 not without not
wearing triggers oh my gosh it does
taste like like toxic after yes it's
it's not even worth it that's so -
sucked I feel like I have a sore throat
in my stomach just kidding I have to
receive a very large piece of coping
it's like 20 feet long or something
there it is that's what it looks like is
there - Oh Garrett needs to come up with
his own it's gonna be awesome
we're gonna put a ramp right here launch
up then grind okay now I'm doing taxes
and it sucks but this week I'm finishing
my part of the taxes and I get to hand
it to our accountant so that's kind of
nice but it still sucks like I've been
doing this for a long time and riding
totally put a finger board in my bag he
does that all the time
he like it hides them in my bag or tells
me like dad you gotta take this finger
board to work because you need one they
start to add up I have three in line two
on my desk right here but thank you
right I love you and I can't wait see
you later
the birthdays and Bryan Ames is making
noise and I was just kidding about doing
taxes again because now it's lunch time
so I'm going to take a break once again
from taxes and I'm going to eat this
tomato BLT soup which is redundant
tomato whatever this soup and I'm gonna
watch trailer park boys because the new
season is pretty darn good
okay now finally I will get some
progress done on the taxes a lot of
people gonna be like if you go to code
why are you doing it because I like to
have a hand on my business and know
what's going on and I got a per prepare
all of the information to make the
accounts life slightly easier dun dun
dun dun
gosh like step it over a freaking lava
pit - anything dangerous all right max
Mayberry you are getting a package my
friend room and this dog right here says
good old triangle hand aims as for our
names with the triangle hand then
griptape Max Weber you have stuff coming
on the way officially done with my tax
part of the day now I'm gonna edit some
videos and one for YouTube and one for
Instagram well I'm savers here here you
go oh hey man how you doin how's your
trip did you drive safe I threw up safe
Kara days
I like the hoodie dude is that new it is
brand new
so Garrett is here to attach that all
along and then we're gonna skate and I'm
not gonna do much because I'm coming off
an injury and I'm still an idiot
skate spots coming soon or five heart
wax I'm gonna wax the crap on this
skateboarding time here is red horse you
put your board together do the cake
we'll test it counts right you're doing
a five-o
if you land it first try I'll give you a
dollar for each oh you do back five
we just got five oohs man that was right
in the butt crack dude every part of
your body was like jiggly jello whoa
well first up a great
you
did you your face yeah maybe we should
call tonight get that next time maybe
thrush Wreckers I thought I was never
gonna get out of here this is the
longest workday my life partly because
we weren't working that's not a time at
all
what largest work day of your life
you've worked long uh I got to go to
Best Buy to pick up a Valentine's Day
gift for my wife are you coming with oh
yeah all right I'll see ya gonna drive
yes I'll see you at us bye-bye I'm
running and I'm getting are you finding
me uh I got no one to get a gift for my
wife all right I got her a Fitbit which
is something people like I guess uh at
least my wife wants it so yeah now in
she get all standard romantic stuff to
go along with it and a card now I'm
going home to spend some time with my
son
I am home alright so riding that's been
at home with the babysitter Rory today
I'm falling and he's sleeping right now
someone wake him up
hi I'm sorry buddy
good morning good a no-good good evening
you don't want to talk right in your
room is a mess bear come here taught me
what you got thank God that shirt is on
I said my shirt is on boy look at you in
a clean shirt
Sam's here you go say what's up Sam
ridin where do you want to go for dinner
ah let's go to Chipotle that's not gonna
meet Alan oh whoa why I know you do but
it's not good for you what no it's not
no it's not that your kitty did you make
cookies yeah Oh me I you I thought wow
that's out there for mom and me for
Valentine's Day for you a me at home ah
well thank you that was very nicely even
Tori to do that no no no no no ma ma ma
I don't know where the doesn't ask is
ready
where we going riding dad no no did you
pull a what hey I know this is a
day-in-the-life 47
my name is rocky did it
my gosh Wow it is a blizzard Blizz man
what are you doing following me
alright one throw us it it didn't bounce
that well what do you want do right now
and play ball
my video games boom go play videos it's
dirty
where we play video games though it's
kind of messy just a forewarn yeah oh my
gosh go say bye Sam
oh thanks dude Sam
yeah thanks writing out today good times
you're my last to day life too I mean
every single day in a life you've never
be yeah well we're gonna play video
games are we read what are we playing
buddy no that spaceship is flying what
does our picnic oh yeah the Pikmin they
are pretty cute aren't they care dude
yeah they're cute you're cute
the king
uh-oh the Empire's here what are we
gonna do right are we gonna send in Luke
why don't fear I am here and I have a
lightsaber ah I got one ridin get one
you get one too
you're gonna get them too oh you got to
yeah good job snowspeeders coming in Oh
crashed what are we gonna do that mom is
finally home yeah you please they're so
pretty bald babe hi Dooku mmm buddy
there's a prawn plane and there you
can't go down that one you would get
eaten right all right let's do it yet
look at what we build ridin I'm gonna go
ride I'm gonna go straight I mean look
at you scrubbing your teeth you're
pretty good buddy let's get your PJs on
bub jumpin puppies hungry puppy yes oh
my god what would you do with all those
puppies under one roundelay how many
maybe we absolutely would run around the
house but that's it Danny life 31 done
it was like kinda like two things which
is like the warehouse in the house so
I'm sorry if it was like the same thing
over over again but the winter days are
kind of tough like this and this is
literally a day in my life and it's so
bummer that my foot is not quite a
hundred percent yet it's still stiff and
sore sometimes like today was pretty bad
but you know I'm getting better every
single day so expect more ski pretty
soon I'm gonna go edit this day because
I get to celebrate Valentine's Day for
the next two days my lovely wife you're
gonna hurt yourself and I'm gonna put
you to bed okay so say bye to YouTube
bye daddy with the head Wow I love you
bye guys see you day life 32 period five
more maybe if they watch another video
of you yes
yes life was stressful for Brian Eames
there are moments where he had to just
leaned back in his chair and put a gang
sign on his face
you
