muy putas
Johnny Geiger your back is done ok it
was a steak I would send it back because
it is finished after that fall like the
look on Johnny's face when you hit that
ledge I mean there's some volcanic
magnitude in that fall but the sad thing
about this fall is that people walking
by if they're not skateboarders though
just this stupid skateboarders again it
would have no respect for this fall at
all I watched this fall and like johnny
s sucks buddy let me let me get your
your backup and ice shirt a shirt of ice
and rest it up okay but people shopping
walking by probably just think your
idiot when you fall like that because
you're just you know is only but if you
jump down stairs you can land stairs and
you're bigger probably hurt like I think
that the craziest person the world fall
on a Ledge bastard buyers don't care
about you okay it really really don't
that's a fact and this is totally one of
those Falls that you just kind of don't
see coming like there's a magnet in your
body on the ground and the sudden they
they go on mid trick and you're just
like threw it was like back to ledge
magnet back magnet ledge boom johnny and
ledge or one volcano and it sucks
because that's definitely a fall that
Johnny felt for the next few days it's
just not enjoyable and then forget
shoppers didn't even care so there's no
good positive of in fact that it got
caught on film also I have to point out
that the beginning of this clip I think
the Johnnies friend is speaking French
probably because he is French but it
sounds like a golf announcer he's
speaking so delicate that I just can't
help but think he's commentating softly
spoken about what johnny is doing move
I'm serious I mean if I did I that was
me this is what it would sound like and
Johnny Geiger approaches the ledge let's
see what he has here o ne
fell down onto his back there's probably
a magnet in it volcano and I mean that
no sort of offensive way I mean I love
it's French voice I really do okay Jenna
pawpaw francais but I just you know it
is what is it kind of sounds golf ish
like a French golfer was what was
filming Johnny and as always i'm gonna
show you some tricks that Johnny do I
get to show you a million shrinks
because Johnny does a million tricks
like every week he's like a quote of a
million tricks to do either way here's
like to that he did this session on this
ledge so boom Johnny Geiger i would like
to remind you guys that he is now honor
of I've skateboards I'm so psyched to
have him we're bringing him here in
April we're gonna do a big force skate
and hang and we're gonna film that stuff
with him while he's out here so uh I'm
excited for that he's also has a street
part coming up it is gonna come out on
the 20th or when he hits 25,000
subscribers so it's kind of crazy that
Johnny doesn't have 25,000 subscribers
already because he's one of the best
flat ground skateboards in the world and
he's good at everything else he's an
amazing skateboarder and awesome dude so
if you're not subdue him right down
there in the info the end of this video
there will be a link to his channel go
sub dajani ok you're gonna tell your mom
that you did it even if you don't live
with your mom anymore okay you're gonna
get something you're gonna have the
chain casserole cheese freakin
croissants but that's it guys I do a
fall friday every other we actually I
got a bunch of fall Friday's lined up
right now so i might do one next week
too so either way stay tuned because i
like doing these videos i hope you guys
like watching them I'm gonna go I mean
Brian Ames is about to shoot me with the
dart i deflected that i was like
freaking storm which is weird that I
compare myself to a female superhero but
I deflected
Johnny you're wow that hurt my gosh I
just like hit my fingers why does
hitting things hurt like this hurt oh
really i just touched I just I just
touched the desk hard and it hurts the
human body is an idiot I don't really
talk about my wife were that often but I
just want to say that I don't actually
know for a fact so if you guys want to
bug Taylor Swift on instagram or twitter
dude you know or a IM i don't care what
you do it on just to say hey do you suck
it hard phones because he might be good
at him you'll know odds are that she
isn't but you don't we don't we don't
know for a for effect I'm gonna go
