QA time who are we doing brand names
hopefully anybody but sandpaper that's
exactly we were doing that sucks it is
gonna suck because everyone's just be
like can you even I know but their beard
comments through no well Annie just
talks and talks and talks way too much
he's a talker are you ready to do this
oh all right let's do it welcome to
straight quarters - I've never been here
I'm actually a good guy Sam your your
good friend oh thanks Pam would you like
to sit down over there
I mean I prefer a recliner but yes you
were that would be kind of Awesome would
it be awesome for clattering yeah we
should get these for these cute Nations
just just just looking it all right so
Brian names here will go on my public
figure page where I have asked questions
talk your mouth towards him with
questions told you that do I answer them
shut up
Alexander automaker wants to know what
would you like to find out about each
other or what I'd like to find out about
Alexander Adam I know each other he went
how would you like to find out about
each other
I don't know we want to Lois that's
something come on let's do it you add
something personal of him okay I got to
think of something though cuz I feel
like this once in chant and once in a
lifetime chance I'll answer it honestly
what is your social security number no
Sergio Oh Plata wants to know how did
you meet Aaron Sam and everyone the team
how about me Aaron same flu Hardy I'm
super simply not maybe yeah I met same
flu Hardy at all East when I met you
guys yeah which was fun and I met Aaron
Cairo six months ago I had Shrek
quarters nobody came here when he came
here that's the first time I met him and
I met him just by him being here yes
I'll get you guys were in the same room
yeah exciting story yeah Carlos Cortez
asks what's the craziest rate you've
ever done even by accident but you can't
do again I have no idea that's really
specific I will be able to do this again
but the other day I was trying to fake
you bigspin Manuel
bigspin help and the big spin just
didn't happen in our body very old men
never done that but I can do it again
but I landed it first try some zoom
excited I did an elephant if you did not
my hurtful about
now which I can probably do that if I
just went to a bomb Ali fifty-fifty a
hardflip Ali Hartzler 500 be real deal
don't do that Ellison Anthony basil
wants to know where did you and Sam
Tabor meet life I just met him man where
were you born
Louisville Louisville yeah so you met
yourself there yep
Justin Slattery wants to know what made
you start skating and I just ordered a
red lifeline deck that's a that's cool
that you order that my brother and Tony
Hawk pro skater made me start skating
when I was like six mr. senior six many
people could say that exact answer yeah
a lot I'll pause this video to show you
guys the new force wheels that just came
in
those are maze ads amazing dude
shattered series look out for what is
your favorite no comply trick and why
asks John Haspel no comply 360 big heels
because they feel cool you do them all
it I do them what you do I've toned them
down risa no I mean you do it like
casual it not on camera like just for
fun yeah like if people want to film it
I usually don't do it anymore because
I've done it too much but they feel cool
then they're fun they look good thanks
bro
I don't even know why it kids you know
this um Lucas Mayer Elise wasn't them
are you excited to move in with Casey as
we are to see it do that I don't know
how they know that oh no I know I
mentioned it in like a QA video or
something okay I don't know what I did
are you excited to live in Casey yeah
Casey's cool like he's a good dude he's
good he's a good dude I think if you're
very good Lou delivered like I was gonna
pick I was gonna pick someone to live
with on the team like ideally all right
I can do King feel like Pacey I feel
like Pacey
Andy Guzman wants to know who do you
think is the best one on revival oh yes
tigerair that's jihad who do you think
is the best Johnny's in the mix now oh
yeah Johnny tough cuz manuals Aaron
takes the cake around it was all around
dog and then I would say well flat
ground Johnny is one of the best in the
world I would say all-around like and
like good at every single thing I would
say duck but like Aaron is insane
Emmanuel's and johnny can do things so
you do any flips and he's all Johnny
also has like the best style in the
world
he's tech to he can do some jerky
I like Johnny alright sorry Thomas Josh
Sam blue already minutes sorry guys
all that I even Danny knows I'm obsessed
with Max your sisters Mac remember when
I said sabers obsess exact to you max
I'm sorry ah Jack golfin wants no hard
or soft tacos hard no different times
call for no way true oh yeah nurture
okay California California soft that is
soft here hard I get down from crispy
tacos dude you gotta be H want corn
tortillas and then corn tortillas are
just not as good here in the Midwest
Archie Malone wants to know what your
fair trick I saw that comes that nailed
me what was the question
Archie Malone wants to know what is your
favorite trick on a skateboard no
probably a kickflip Thank You kickflips
always kickflip it's three of them hello
kickflip best feeling thing in the world
kickflip me times you said that'd a la
question any questionable equipped catch
snap land awesome
kill your board of the mill I don't have
flip stop your boy Jonah Hannigan wants
to know
where's your fair skate spot or what is
your fair skate spot what is my favorite
spot you've been all over the place man
we went to California anywhere in
California
that's a lie there's terrible places my
favorite skaters are so many building
just a spot I've never been to that
Aaron Cairo spot that the manual pads
look so amazing I would love that I've
never been there either
Jade grinnell future plans for your
channel
future plans for my channel I want to do
more skits kits yeah skits gets I want
you to learn more tricks because those
are my favorite did I like say my
favorite yeah I'm gonna sample it learns
trick I'm gonna do more of those I want
any more skits skits for sure I feel
like on that yeah and when I move here
me and Andy are gonna be doing a lot
more skits you be so don't gonna be
funny and dumb hunter Potter wants to
know how old are you and what's your
favorite color and set up it's like a
three-part question how old are you
what's your favorite color and what you
set up I'm 20 my favorite color is I
have no freaking idea
you are dumb it stands a question green
red blue you used to be red but it's
literally not allowed to be red so have
you read ok that one red yeah yeah what
is your setup my setup is a revive board
with is anyone else here
Titanic crash my setup is a revive
skateboard with jessep griptape force
wheels bones reds normal bearings
revived hardware that's new and thunder
trucks thunder hollow lights where brits
wants to know how did you meet me frames
tried to meet me I don't remember how
you got him Gary now I called it Gary
you can call me Gary I met Brian I don't
remember the very first time I'd ever
meeting you second time I met Brian I
thought he was I got a mixed up with
their friend Gary our friend Gary bill
and I called him Gary I rolled it you
know you say cash like oh hey man what's
up Gary and Nunez like yeah this is what
happen like Brian was like hey Sam
what's up and I was okay Gary and he
goes look he was like bummed that I
called him Gary but he went with it and
he didn't really correct me until I
figured it out that his name was Brian
and sometimes I call him Barry well I
used to be a bartender and I had a
regular that thought my name is Luke for
like four years old I rolled with the
whole time amazing but one of the other
bartenders like right before I desktop
bartending called me out on in front of
the girl the lady and she learned that I
wasn't Luke and it was the most awkward
thing that's ever happened for she's
usually for four years called people ooh
it's horrible and then learned after
four years of my name is Brian the
relationship was never the same
it was of course was not as never say
it's probably heartbroken she's really
embarrassed something's happening
someone's happening last question Ben
Pickering asks where do you see yourself
in ten years it was a good one I have no
idea I was talking to my fiancee about
this I have no idea married living a
house with your watch a Marriott no
gallery Oh married living a house look
exactly like we then have a dog no I
don't well my dad's pretty handsome and
I'm fully a fully grown beard we grow up
I will never had a so loud
I will never have a beard you get a
mustache like the worst mustache now I'm
going to shave it all we should have the
worst mustache model hopefully it's
still doing YouTube safe skateboarding a
bore date morning I would like
skateboarding frontside flip Asians
doing the same thing just being in a
more secure setting yeah there you go
you want me to just answer this for you
because I'm living in the wilderness now
and unsecured places watch it
thank you for doing this Sam favor okay
but guys his channel is right down there
in the info and at the end of this so
check him out Brian consider your beanie
goodbye we're done here
you are mean to me I'm you are mean to
me to eat you are
I'm calling clay calling Clyde okay you
run just look at you run
