we're house frigging Wednesday a little
bit different see it's all time be
different this week but it really is
we're gonna do a tour tour the whole
warehouse
James Rock we did a straight quarters
tour at one point in our lives but now
we have a new warehouse and we haven't
done a tour so let's tour that we're
gonna finally do a freakin tour we're
gonna do a tour were you posing my pose
I was not okay also because why would we
ever do a where else was it without
Garrett here and then after we do the
toilets all escape were a little bit
you hate skateboard that's not like skip
you like skate that's the opposite I'm
gonna try to do a backside flip today I
think you probably not do it I'm
struggling I second that you are making
noise this is the Forgotten zone you
walk in and it looks like garbage but
they just played it right now
Michael the intern and Brian and it
looks halfway decent yes thank you for
Michael for helping me clean this
because it sucked you rock
either way whenever you have something
in shredders that you don't know where
it goes or you just don't want it in
front of you forgotten zone skating part
just the most exciting part of it half
of the stuff is built by this dude we
have to wedge ramps which you can do
whatever you want whether we have like
the craziest barrier ever which you can
die on yes but yes we both went down on
it for pretty hard spitting some really
good tricks and most best trick is
probably crystals moons noseblunt the
most best that's that's the most best
yes he did a front Curry right on it
that's just oh yeah well you did
accidental then usually then you Anton
Furst even did forgetting back to front
tail drop in that's like the only drop
it drink this is really all the only
thing we need though just a basic box
and your pad which we never use anymore
the best flat bar in the world
I'm totally gonna do a video just on
this and you can build it pretty easy
yourself but you lock into Smith's and
grinds all day you've done trick I have
done trick this is the new one you guys
know all about this this is kind of
really long five stair with a perfect
rail and the best you get it is a pretty
good year again I'll give him that
very good shake my hand I'm
congratulating you on doing it yeah yeah
it's evil sorry we're bad I'm bad we got
our launch we have the know he cares
about brining it's tell us about the
boardwalk revenge and then moving on to
revive pretty mind of in the way but we
do have some more event X coming soon so
that'll be cool
diem revenge
yeah if I don't clarify that I'm joking
everybody the whole world will flip out
you should not clarify we don't oh wait
maybe we will stuff you don't care about
before we get to the product we are
gonna go over to the office section
slash hangout spots okay we got our
kitchen which is worth talking about
name that Psalm YouTube Brian what you
sing about you sure the resemblance
though do it in the back if he's in the
background on video it's a bearded dude
in a red shirt and it just looks like me
that hurts so much to play without a pic
we have our office cooler that the
company has not came and refilled for a
while yes is the video game place we
never use yeah well you know like 170
inch screen was pretty awesome we need
to use it more in surround sound
speakers projector DVD player we've got
classic Nintendo games to ancient Mac
Pro's and turn computer interviews we've
got this out of a pillow look at it look
here's the office which was totally
clean a few seconds ago now it's like a
disaster area
we literally have Brian's laptop my
laptop computer that we use for orders
and then Garrett's laptop Michael
where's your laptop the start of every
day I fill out all the packing slips and
then whoever's doing orders that day
picks them up and goes the work table
over there and puts all the orders
together to you dudes and that's this
flow thing so naturally I'm gonna go
over to the work table and show you all
this stuff cryptic table it's where it
goes down it does go down there and fan
wall oh yeah
I don't like to call it fans I don't
like it like you think of you know like
I like things with his brothers like I
have fan I don't like that cool dude
wall but we have a bunch of cool dudes
that watch the videos and write us
awesome things and we're so busy that
unfortunately we don't get to reply to
all these but we're working on it people
okay we're gonna start replying to some
of this stuff and thank you for Michael
for hanging this all
yeah you totally rocked it your problem
thank you Oh skateboards prettier and
more skateboards turn around and work
table apparel right here right behind
you we have a lot of shirts right now
we're finally stocked on some of this
stuff is like especially after the
holidays it's kind of hard to get a
grasp on some of the stuff but if right
now if currently there's not a
skateboard that we that you want in
stock it'll probably restock within the
next few weeks yeah we have more coming
as this video goes up we have more decks
coming in so we're always restocking and
I'm sorry if we're out but sometimes it
does happen you have no wheels what do
we have we have the convex we have the
slopes we are do these rule 52 slopes I
love this slopes and then we have some
of the strikes which we're gonna redo so
these are kind of just like really plain
looking but we're about to put a black
background on them but it's still gonna
be on a white wheel so things are
changing the forest world we got to go
through a small gap in product but as of
next month we're gonna have we are
wheels back in stock so stay tuned for
that if you want to wheel get them
because we don't have many this is where
all the boxing happens you need a stable
for a long time
orders get boxed up here with these
boxes right there you grab box off the
Jenga tower you put it here here and you
put stuff in force apparel then we have
hoodies I think this is this is revived
in in Hades stickers and then random
crap bubble mailers boxes tape pull
something over to know about let's see
take in the bomb whoa that's an old one
the original one
that's like dude that's the first look
at that that's a revenge shirt when
needs to be hung on the wall like an
a-frame light Michael find me frame
procedure all right go right now go no
come back come on go on be in the video
but that's it guys that's kind of how
the operation goes that's what Stryker
was all about we have a bathroom but
come on why did you double did it double
the face to me we have a bathroom which
there's nothing exciting about but we
are gonna totally decorate the walls and
stuff and the bathroom eventually so
maybe I'll do like a revised version at
the end of the year but that's it we're
gonna skateboard now I hope you guys dug
a little tour of the warehouse you
probably already knew what it looked
like from watching the videos but we had
to make it happen
my quarters tour to 42.0 and backside
flip back
maybe anger definitely hey land maybe
anger definitely I'm coming off an
injury so me everyone else
boom okay well I'll just tricks boom
that was absolutely perfect
wait a minute no dude you know learn
them you're gonna have to put up with
something like antics head what did you
just do
my Tic Tac you Tic Tac but you rolled
counts it counts
no breath mints involved history taking
place it could be you did a cheeseburger
cheeseburger night was crashed from
start now that you've had time to calm
down how do you feel by your backside
flip it was hurt bad poorly done but not
tic-tac you think so yes I think it was
good I wouldn't be weird if microphones
wiggling at you when you did when you
talk to him that's cold
we interrupt this we end this we are we
weren't what are we doing right now
warehouse Wednesday to say do Nick and
family sent these I don't even know
these existed but these are like golden
tickets of real life
this is coupon this is free to pull a
and I got a whole stack of them Nick
you're the best dude in the whole world
it literally made my day nick is like
the greatest dude the world's every
picture he's a dad he's just an
all-around good dude Nick my gosh Nick
Nick
