Oh boom that was Palin and his friends
from the youtube channel Palin skates
pounds been a longtime subscriber of
mine he's an all-around good dude so I
was really happy to feature more of his
content like I have in the past but yeah
I love Clips like this I feel like every
skateboarder can relate to it just going
out and getting random you know clips
this friends I'm skating some dropping
it on me ramp on your putt that's over
you enjoyed it at the very least that
guy was wearing an iron maiden shirt so
you should have liked the video to begin
with but if you like we saw the bottom
link we Palin's channel and you should
go check it out to awesome content like
like it just said and then the top link
is me I do daily videos here so click
that if you want to see more for me but
mainly check out Palin I'm gonna go it's
a beautiful day I'm gonna go skateboard
I believe if I can get done freaking
having leaves stuck in my toes I you
know it's warm outside so I thought it
wouldn't be an issue going out barefoot
because i'm just that type kind of an
idiot well it was a dumb okay and that
was i'm the first world problem that's
just like an every world problem right
you mean that could happen to you at any
world of the work under goodbye check
out
