well to us putting this caper RipStik so
if you've seen the video by now
the best way to curse in it and felt
smooth
there you guys go
that was a video over on his channel
that he did a super good job on thank
you and I get you're welcome I watched
it the other day and I was like this is
really rad and I wanted to feature it on
my channel so I did I hope you guys
enjoyed that Garrett did such a good job
making all this along with his brother
Ian you did a great job making that
video and I hope you guys enjoyed if you
want to see more things like this I'm
gonna put Alex's channel right floating
up there and then it's down in the info
as well but we're gonna go we're gonna
do some even do a few tricks
you wanted me to just walk around
filming you I mean in the house I will
do it
ninja that is terrifying just standing
here because I was first looking at the
camera and I realize when you're looking
the camera it's like I don't know where
you're going and if I look at you I can
like not top it a little oh you've under
your blunts pull back in thing yeah do
that
whoa I knew he could do that I just
didn't know he's gonna do it today you
won't do that I'm getting you know I'm
getting comfortable you know I'm serious
about it
oh there's my knee
high-five Wow thank you for doing this
video for letting me use your video and
like I said check his channel out and I
will be back tomorrow with another video
because I do videos all the time most
days in fact so hit the subscribe button
right below the video to see more from
me if you find a bell on the page
plug-in is gonna tell you when I upload
a video which is what the subscription
things you do but you guys have a great
day and go skateboard if you can good
bye good bye
she's got a banana he does have a van
oh it has my hair good it's good
yes fabric e on a scale from one to ten
eleven oh wow so that's like the
greatest band of all time
yeah people that don't know what Sam
Tabor is doing that problem was really
strange
