you're right Oh
yeah all right Sam he's hurt
that didn't that didn't hurt no at all
like I just they just scared me a little
bit
you too what is up guys so that's a slam
montage yes you've seen some of those a
lot of a minute of fall Fridays or
various videos but that's what I do I
say up my Falls and put them in one
place so you can just click play and
watch a bunch of people fall I'm gonna
start saving up for another one of these
right away but I think the next one I do
is gonna be stupid Falls like a stupid
slam montage which is way better so
watch out for that one it might be a
little while but I'm getting there
and that's it I'll be back tomorrow cuz
I do daily videos and I really wanna
skate this okay I've been injured and
I'm skating again like I twisted my foot
I'm skating again they're not jumping
down this just yet and which has been
torture but dude it's coming okay the
next slam montage is gonna be half of me
falling on that thing because I'm gonna
attack it goodbye there's a truck
