you did not give me ha yeah that's
that's the intro i came up with Franklin
because I just had YouTube block okay
which is a lot like writers block except
I switch the word YouTube with riders
but it's update video time i'm here to
talk to you about some stuff about some
life in things okay he's super issues
that will make you think not at all
you're not gonna think it all you're
just listen this and move on with your
day so it's the winter after the
holidays and i'm kind of got back into
like the workflow ish I mean like work
is a little slower these days because
after the holidays people just stay in
their house and do things like they
watched like state by the Bell reruns
and then don't do anything so I'm just
sitting here at work and doing taxes
that's literally all I do I'd I come to
working on new taxes but home life is
different because once my wife is back
in school it's kind of like ride in an I
like I just like I get off work go home
and then I just hang out with ride which
is awesome especially because he plays
video games with me now not a lot like
I'm not one of those dad's just would
let my son play the new games all day
but like you know what we play it for
about 15-20 minutes night it's awesome
right now officially be this first mario
game when by that I mean he sat next to
me while I did it but he totally touched
the wii u pad made things happen he
actually helps I commend him when I was
three I was not doing that what I was
doing when I was 3 m's probably not that
though either way I've been getting a
lot of father-son time that's awesome my
wife is so busy with grad school that's
kind of a bummer but you know that's
what the weekends all right the weekends
happen I'm like a wife exists and then
that's what happens family weekend every
weekend and that's cool skating not so
hot right now because I twisted my foot
the other day and it's not like the
injury that I had kept hurting last
year's on like that but it's bad to get
me out like a week now and I'm just now
starting to roll her on my board doing
tricks totally did kick for today up
through your gap so like I'm getting
there like I'm almost back on my board
but it's been a depressing week I'll see
you Monday mainly because the handrail
is in you saw this the recent warehouse
Wednesday and you have no idea I mean
think about when you're a kid christmas
happen all right now take that x like 50
okay I got my own personal handrail it
is the best rail I've ever seen like the
dimensions on it everything is perfect
like a you learn tech on it is so good
and I can't skate it cuz I literally
hurt myself two days before it went in
to existence I did do a boardslide like
you know three days into my injury which
was not smart at all
set myself back but I landed the
boardslide and just proved it here it is
boom so I i christened the rail I like
to say okay and when I say I like to say
that I literally just said it and then
when I when I said it I liked it it was
all happen right here as you watched it
but i'm really excited us there she's
been torture okay because garrett killed
it where else Wednesday then Jordan
hunter my gosh and you can see that on
Sam's channel he destroyed the stairs
and the rail like in like just one
session like one hour he threw down so
much stuff it wasn't really that he
destroyed that background Brian aids
destroyed that and here that Brian Ames
voice coming and he's agreeing with me
so it's kind of funny because like a
dream came true and then there's me yeah
just an idiot I'm an idiot it with an
injury they can't skate is so next week
I'll probably start jumping down a
little bit I did some tricks like I said
today and I was feeling pretty good okay
right when I lent my tricks I want to
get to go into this voice and I was like
that's right where I'm talking like this
you know I'm feeling good it's getting
out a weird at this point here's a
rabbit I wanna take a pause break for a
second and talk about story time okay
this is when I tell you a story it's
kind like confession buddy get it off my
chest you know what I've told this story
to many people probably so I'm not
really getting anything off my chest
once upon a time I kicked a volleyball
okay it was just sitting there right in
front of me and was just sitting in a
garage and I was like it was a beautiful
day outside the garage door was open and
I just wanted you know naturally
especially being a male males just want
to kick things that's just the way it
worked okay kicking breaking and blowing
things up it will always be fun an
accident or on purpose doesn't matter
but saw this volleyball and I was like
yeah I'm gonna do it I'm gonna kick it
to the freaking as land and the Sun
whatever image was out there you know
and I just wound my leg up ran and
kicked it and Brian haynes was in the
garage i didn't mention this part
because brian names were standing right
there and he didn't know that this
glorious presentation of a volleyball
out into the freaking sounds of music
was happening okay and he was reaching
down to pick something up and as soon as
I kicked that ball he bent over to pick
something up and it aligned his face
with the path of the volleyball and it
hit him I mean imagine if you kicked in
volleyball as hard as you could hit
somebody of the face four feet away
doesn't matter if you're the dark bride
doesn't doesn't even take it back
because I rocked your face you
stroyed my face the best league is a
duty fig you just stared at me face
redder than red it was like like a
Crayola crayon made out with the
kool-aid dude okay and that's that was
Brian's face afterwards and you just
stared at me and walked inside and he
might have cried or like wept took a hot
bath and some flowers I don't know what
he did but he did something I just
stayed away from him for like an hour so
there's my story I'm gonna do these one
so I'm gonna tell you cuz i have some
stories in my past and they're good one
time i hit sammy in the gonads with a
pool stick yeah i felt bad but enough of
my life adventures i have some revive
stuff to talk about in force because
things are starting to rotate and roll
for the spring launch which revive
spring should be in march that we were
eyeing it buddy we're hoping we're
hoping more march and then April or May
for force because force we're kind of
switching the few things up right now so
there's a slight delay on that but the
stuff coming is awesome and revived has
so many new accessories dropping so I
think you guys be site and i'm going to
show you the bullets Brian hardware
hardware throw me okay yeah so we got
light bolts right here let me focus I ok
so these are bolts it has to read
hardware so you can make those your oh
you stupid focus so you make those your
front of your board so you can look down
and be like that's red I'm gonna make
that my nose and so that's pretty cool
because I'm always liked Shorty
Silverado and they're a 1-inch hardware
they're tough they hold up and the
Silverados were the inspiration with
that but you know everyone all the
hardware does in these days but either
way red pretty awesome right you want to
down see regular reds a good color now
force is going to have a hardware too
and that will be white to white bolts
with the rest black but I'm really
excited about it so you stay tuned I'll
give you more sneak peeks everything
else but it revived has like four
different accessories like it all
together like and then we got a new set
of boards and then a new life line so
that's four new decks new t-shirts and
then we'll probably a baseball to you
too so stay tuned for all of that and
then force has two new wheel sets and a
bunch of new shirts coming out so
exciting times call for exciting
measures just sound like the right thing
to say honestly now the movie world's
had in the past and I'll say it in the
present to this is the best year of all
time for movies k I'm really sitting
awkward-looking me he'll come sitting
right now
it looks weird like I'm like waiting for
like a coffee and a doctor's office and
I'm not male that's the key thing is
that I'm not male in this scenario dude
2015 is the best year for movies that's
a fact we got all this stuff happening
the new jurassic world super bowl that's
what it's called commercial is amazing
it's the only minute long but there's
like there's people getting snatched up
by dinosaurs there's a huge dinosaur
staring at dude like actors our freakin
Chris Pratt's friend well that's not
gonna last okay it better not last look
like by the end of the movie the Raptors
better be bad guys again that's all I'm
saying either way watch it it's a really
good TV spot whatever it's called and
then of course we have the Avengers 2
dropping fantastic for that came out and
looked open-minded about I don't really
have an opinion on it just yet but then
Star Wars the end of the year and then
we have Majora's Mask drop in like next
week for 3ds which is good because it's
the zelda game if you don't know about
that but I've never played Majora's Mask
it's like that and wind waker are the
two zelda games i haven't played and i'm
looking forward to it I'm sure there's a
bunch of other awesome games I need to
educate myself about this year but I'm
excited for that one but as it I'm about
done here videos to come they fall
compilation I haven't done like a slam
montage of oil so I have that coming
tomorrow I'm gonna film a new Dana life
next week so next weekend will probably
be a Dana life and then we are avenged
50 I kind of got my brain organized for
that one so I just kind of need to find
time whether to film it usually we try
to get it done in the middle of winter
but we're slacking I'm sorry but we are
mention t is on the way part of it is
already filmed but the bulk of it is not
so stay tuned it might be a good month
month and a half hopefully not two
months but it is on the way that's it
I'm done I don't know if you can hear me
but Brian's on the phone and I'm gonna
go my god
just just watch no oh come on Brian's
really come back your dues in this video
really that's it Brian Ames rue this
video okay everyone go on his Instagram
and say Brian you did it you ruin the
video
means I get to start skating outside all
that stuff and don't sneeze in me was
that honest knees honestly my gosh Paul
does which can I wasn't I wasn't
actually a defendant either way I'm
getting a lot of father-son time so
that's awesome but I could I thought
that shovel had been the last of me what
it's not i meant to say to the normal
swing of things ish I mean like life is
a little less my face got frozen just
because I say the same thing he's an
update videos it's like the same thing
say my life's busy this is what's
happening I need to stop doing that
everyone else would be like hmm I think
they do that they would do that skating
a bit okay it's kind of a bad right now
is because it made a difference wow I
didn't mean to do any of that you're
gonna shoot me are you ready to shoot me
is that why you're holding that gun make
sure you eventually
