warehouse Wednesday Christmas not this
remember that time you built a handrail
in your warehouse and fulfilled like a
childhood prophecy of yours but can't
skate extra hurt it's literally like a
dream come true and turned into a
nightmare yes but yeah it's perfect five
tricks warm up somehow you have to do
three flip tricks grind combos on the
flat bar okay and then after you've done
those three tricks huh
you have to do five tricks within five
minutes on the handrail and if you don't
do it you have to eat all of this this
would be so if you don't hit five tricks
on it it's gonna be the worst thing ever
have you seen Matilda then the kid has
to eat all the cake augustus gloop gloop
yeah yeah that was actually two
different movies broken you broke our
Christmas tree who should I feel bad mom
I got a Polish history mom my mom she's
gonna watch this tomorrow
dude you threw it on the ground did I
break it no I did not break I'll put it
back together
dd it eat the appropriate amount that
you want to eat I want you don't eat it
you have to all of it hey kick flip
whatever whatever kick flip doesn't
matter just flip and grind all right
finger on or slide you can slide - you
have some slides but no - fakies no -
fakies oh it's just one of them let me
honest is kind of a weird way to make
you warm up do three kickflip grind
combos it's not warming up
what he does it at first try he like
walked in the warehouse into the K flip
front board second trick how you're
human I'm human
making the trick harder to do he's gonna
destroy the rice krispies that was the
disc our trench run first-person ooh
dirty lens epic walk up in the handrail
absolutely
start with alright Garrett oh gosh a
touching this sucks yeah did you five
minutes yeah knows one knows ones away
what wait hit the button hit the button
oh it's going let's go alright
you realize that's like one trick a
minute once you're committed yeah but
once you get past like the board side
fifty-fifty you got a deal some damage I
know it's not a lot of time at all but
you got this K see you're not gonna do
it in five minutes
Fatah what's the time format okay good
he's good three minutes and 38 seconds
cool you're up 38 seconds at this rate
he's thinking live two minutes and 38
seconds okay good you have two minutes
32 seconds do two tricks he said okay
like it was a casual trick it's what he
does he front once he wakes up he does a
backside flip he front blunts and he
cooked some really good stuff on the
grill you're gonna awesome one seconds
now seven second 47 seconds holy crap
there's time left you get out of here
you got one more try or you get to eat
all of that you have to eat all that
