we're doing for our names we're gonna go
get Christian what we're doing near
Cairo we're going to pick up Christopher
Jack we were doing Douglas sales okay
Chris okay hey Erin how cool are we like
brother Weissach friend was very cool
good driver near water it does make it a
little weird now that you made that face
what do you think that she does have a
pet hair doctor all right we're here
Doug what color do you think you are
right what does it sound like a good
time to do right now Bobby start the
coffee it is is the coolest coffee in
the whole world spitting in their
culture I'm stirring it
and to try to drink it why didn't you
make a video called I met Aaron Kyrie
this I knew I didn't freak out because
she'll do it all
here we are waiting for a Californian
here Midwestern beard and coffee I don't
believe it everybody yeah do you put
yourself away I'm just filming your good
call everywhere you're yellow I think
were the first ones to get here you're
so mad hey dude this is in a video you
can't even stop this song ended up we're
here Oh Christian enter enter buddy
welcome to straight quarters - and Doug
spoil this for you well thank you
yeah here here's a question does this
rail will horrify you yeah it does
dude it's the best rail in the whole
world and no one no one other than
people grew up in society think this so
far but you lock into everything it's
amazing pretty good that needs to that
needs to be fixed yeah you like you're
starting to like it I don't like it I
think pretty good though Oh get out of
here oh yeah
Oh
I heard with Siri calls Doug Siri call
Doug Nessa tells good story dude
you
