Ryden come on buddy fine I know we
bought the YouTube we have synopsis
bearings nothing Bailey wonder wax yeah
one nope crap cake muscle skateboard
muscle cake muscle gain muscle cake
muscle oh yeah buddy I know in the name
so yeah we're doing an unboxing
I bought a skateboard but for my good
friend black ninja and then some people
were nice enough to send me some stuff
schnapps as bearings I don't even know
this was being sent to me but here it is
Garrett Jenner who is it a very talented
skateboarder he does wonder wax and he
want to send me some so I was like sure
sounds nice so let's start with a Gary's
wax company wonder wax are you ready for
this yeah we're rock it's not like a the
Gary you know this Garrett grinds very
large handrails and does flip tricks and
stuff Garrett's done that too that you
know but either way this is a different
Garrett wonder wax Co Andy you wrote me
a note it's a long thing so I'm gonna
make this person alone I know what is it
you think that's wheel don't you okay
there we go sorry about the yellow stuff
the auto white balance was dumb but a
super cool idea for a wax it's the shape
of a wheel which is good though because
it's big enough actually blue acts
you're right and this is in the shape of
kind of like a gold a gold bar mini gold
bar legal the hall so yeah Garrett set
me a bunch of awesome pieces of wax and
it feels honestly it feels paraffin
based which I hope it is either way if
it's not doesn't matter if it just has a
really good texture it seems like it'd
be good on some you know ledges or rails
or whatnot so I'm excited to try this
out I'll tell you more about this in a
future video but Thank You Garrett you
are the best
oh you gave away ridin I'm gonna read
this you talk to youtube okay put your
face up there talk to choose you Tommy
to you wheel I am too too
okay oh are you saying that you shoot
like a choo-choo train wheel
what Oh Garrett thank you buddy I'll be
in contact with you and this wax looks
like it's awful to put those away
synopsis bearings I actually just did a
video of these dudes Lincoln review and
I've been skating them for a while so
I'm pretty excited to see hopefully
there's another set of bearings cuz I
gave away the other set they gave to me
to the other guys on her vibe a couple
of dudes I think you want to help with
this one get it out get the stuff out
it's in there Oh
a set of berries oh no it is ceramic
bearing so this is no joke that's
awesome that he sent me another pair of
these although the ones I've been
skating they're perfectly fine but
that's kind of cool so I really don't
draw ball bearings for a while I'm not
gonna open this right now but it is
really cool that like as much stuff as
they put in this box it's sweet but has
lubricant has extra bolts and has
spacers for between the bearings it's a
complete package of everything you need
that's going on in the barren world
thank you Darrell you are very nice for
setting this if you guys didn't see the
synopsis thing that I posted definitely
check it out it's like it's from last
week it says topsis bearings review
you're in it too aren't you so thank you
synopsis bearings you rock here's a cat
watching me do all this what's his name
I don't that's actually her isn't it
this balloon is still in the way let's
go away Balu yeah okay you want the
balloon yeah normal there you go Mike so
I ordered a cake vessel skateboard I
know you guys would say Andy you own
revived skateboards rod doing this well
I wanted like to support my friends and
to since my friend owns this I want to
hang on my wall like I want to support
them and I want to have one and the
graphic guy order is pretty cool so
let's open this up remember when I
talked to you about keys reading what
keys just open boxes no pay okay I'm
gonna cut that you got to make the
opening sound go home hey now there go
God you told me there is a present for
riding tonight
pretty sure that's it it's a blaster
let's get called a blaster buddy oh my
gosh
you guys have an order from cake muscle
don't worry the box of tape the
strongest packaging tape ever oh my gosh
okay doesn't have any darts
maybe the darts are in the box let's
just move up let's keep opening up the
nerf gun is a beast be careful when
shooting Brian Ames I hope you enjoy
this box of gimmicks ringing oh it's for
me he said there's a present for you
right so I don't know if he meant that
or whatnot but I'm going to shoe Bry
names that absolutely I ordered the
skateboard which is in there and he sent
me this murder I'm you know what I'm
gonna read this I know he's just trying
to be random which is completely perfect
because this now the back is just like
Merve Merve Merve Merve I'm not all
biography of Merv Griffin all right
there's no darts ninja you didn't
include oh no he did he did found the
darts will use this later he well here
you go here's George Washington's Game
Boy Dexter's Laboratory of stuff going
on actually skating excels so that's
pretty cool that I got some s tickers I
will put those on my skateboard and here
is that ninjas address um more stickers
ninja lifestyle which is awesome because
I should have a stack of these at the
warehouse a candle so more wax or like
most random stuff in the whole world
there's an s STD clinic card if anyone's
in Vegas they might need this I don't
there's some beer caps appropriately
because black ninja is black ninja oh
you did break it buddy at least we got
two more so yeah if you guys want to
know what black ninja gets for groceries
or cooking or whatever I have it I have
that information
pretty sure black ninja just shoved
everything that was on his desk into
this box like whatever was on the desk
of the time and sent it to me well
there's a ton of stickers we got George
Washington's game boy we got Merv we got
receipts
we got STD clinic cards and beer caps so
pretty good pretty good unboxing but
here's the fun part
boom look at that cake muscle isn't that
pretty cool right yeah yeah it was very
nice him to hook it up with all the
extras when I just ordered this awesome
graphic when he started it the company
last year look at the dark buddy calm
down and I saw this graphic I was pretty
sane so I'm gonna put this in my wall
heck yeah
if you guys want to know more about cake
muscle it's right down in the info but
you guys know about black ninja because
he is a character here on YouTube so
boom we did all this unboxing I hope you
guys liked that it was fun getting all
these boxes kind of the same time so I'm
gonna make a video of it and Ryden is
very much enjoying the nerf but again I
just want to say thank you to wonder wax
synopsis bearings and black ninja for
sending me this slash cake muscle but um
buddy it's not it's not time to shoot
YouTube just yet you calm down okay so
hope you guys like that if you guys like
any of those companies the their uh
website links will be down in info um
but that's it
Renne since uh this is pretty much your
present do you want to shoot youtube cuz
we're allowed to shoot real people but
youtube can't feel it so we can we can
get you to okay oh right we don't point
blasters at real people well okay so
hold that and by a little I now shoot
you're supposed to pull the trigger
yeah by just like that I love you
oh and ninja totally sent this random
blue and red ball so random Brad no like
this were you like this say yeah and you
throw it you tell YouTube how you went
on a big slide it the waterpark on it
Kaley hi guy it was a big slide it was
like the biggest at the waterpark ronson
we're not just saying that it was like a
family slide that goes in a huge big
tube thing yeah I belong are you scared
or what you had you act how did it go
again
yeah I mean why do you want do it again
I'm taking your balloon
