oh hey skateboards hey Justin crews are
bored flymo success oh I do another why
you are sunglasses yes run what is the
point of this video oh we got
skateboards in stock and if you buy one
this weekend it's not you okay yeah the
sun glasses you're wearing right there
class this one's right if frites get
them your buck skateboard so this
weekend only you buy a skateboard you go
sunglasses yes right yeah we really just
want to make this video just to give you
guys a heads up that we restock but we
were like hey why not make it fun and
hey you want to one more bonus trick
what is because you're on a cruiser
board writes about a strict it's me it's
harder it's it's harder what do you
don't know what are you doing do a
kickflip for important okay can you do
that no do a front board big spin so
what dude what can you do then I want a
cruiser board so not much oh my gosh
Brian do a 540 foot 540 flipper ya know
23 flood watch just do nothing on
YouTube whatever this message will
self-destruct you guys now no
