get a blanket Sam vessel count some
sheep order some pizza because you're
going to sleep I'm kidding Sam don't
actually go to sleep at all because as
far as face hits go that was one of the
best case scenarios kind of smash your
face in the ground is never gonna be
good you didn't go home that day and
when your mom asked you how you were
doing you weren't like you know what I
smash my face in the ground it was okay
no it was a good day good day to be me
that didn't happen but you did kind of
smash it into a pillow of grass all
right now would take a pillow of grass
over concrete and pretty much any day of
the week especially comes a falling and
then plus Sam had a beanie and hoodie
and I have to think that some of that
material protected his face from the
brutal blades of grass that laid beneath
him just like to think that all the
other part of his face yeah that's
straight up hit the dirt and that
probably sucked but hey it's still not
concrete best-case scenario which is
weird to think that way like I smashed
my face but hey it could be worse
because when you're rolling up to a
handrail that big that's like the last
thing you want to do is all right my
g√ºlen is just whatever happens not to
have my face hit the ground that's what
Sam vestal did okay but it was the
best-case scenarios being the worst case
scenario that makes sense and it does
because it makes sense I would like to
point out that this might be the most
peaceful looking handrail ever but all
the green around I just think that
there's feel like birds chirping while
he's doing this and he's gonna land it
because the freaking birds are chirping
but no changes real fast
it's kind of what it was so it kind of
sucks to be Sam vessel because he's used
to landing tricks like he gets on a
handrail and he's usually front feeling
down it and roll it away and he's like
yeah my name's my name is V man that's
not his name at all but I just kind of
said it was you probably know this
already but of course have to say that
yes invested was okay all right he lived
to see another day he fought it well he
got two were late for a Mario no cuz the
thing would've landed the trick but he
did he didn't live but as always I'm
gonna prove to you that Sam vesicle
skate he's part of them a revived family
here and he's he's killing it he is
gonna be our handrail killer you just
wait and watch kinda already is but
either way here's some footage of him at
Ollie's Nazi not skating handrails
ironically not but he can know this that
he can skate handrails
that's it hope you guys dug that footage
watch out for more Sam content on my
video he's has a broken arm go figure
right now but i'll be back in action and
i'm gonna film some videos with them so
watch out for that and then i'll have
another fall friday in a couple weeks
here I think it will be Jason park what
did I know to you I think will be Jason
Park oriented so watch out for that I do
daily videos subscribe subscribe button
if you haven't haven't already I cannot
talk I cannot freaking talk I was
literally trying to pour that in my
mouth it literally would ever boom him
out i just rewatched that and it was
imaginary that didn't go my mouth
there's annickap i guess but either way
it was pointed in my mouth it just
didn't work that's the end of this video
cuz I have a wet wiener hi Brian what
and just because I wanted to somehow get
it in this video here's Brian Ames face
