say it again alright this video it's
winning my hair so I'm gonna look like
an idiot I'm sorry but I want to make
this video because some company recently
sent me some bearings I'm gonna test
them out and tell you guys about thank
you sparing semi ago affairs and here
these are their ceramics is that our
nicer ones and I'm gonna put them on my
skateboard so the video is gonna cut
it'll be a scene from a future session
when I've skated these for a while and
I'm gonna tell you what I think about
them but for now let's open these up and
almost get rid of this if you guys can
see this that buns they are black and
blue and let's give it a test
I don't know this is super matters but
there it is it comes the sticker over
all this stuff but it comes with bearing
lubricant which is amazing because I
never keep up my bearings and I feel
like now that I have this I'll be a lot
better at it ridin I'm gonna not run
away while you're walking around but
it's a really nice presentation and it
comes in this box that you keep for you
know your excess stuff in then it
actually has the spacers for in between
the bearings if you use those and extra
nuts for your King for your actuals
which is awesome because no one does
that
you hold the bearings okay alright first
spin let's do the first spin you can't
hear it it feels I can see me once
smooth there I'm excited about this one
done real done almost done buddy
alright so I'm excited to skate these
it's gonna cut to a future session and
I'll let you know where they come on
boom okay time has happened since what
you just saw I know but I'd like to say
that I'm sorry that it was so windy like
I just watched footage and I was about
this kind of sucks but either way I'm
here to tell you about the bearings okay
I filmed that back in October okay I
meant to do this much sooner but it's
kind of good because he gave me a chance
to really ride these bearings and they
have done me well okay like I have not
had one thing wrong with these bearings
and I did use the bearing lubricant I
got to point this out because I used the
bearing lubricant that's the first time
I've actually kind of done that with a
with a bearing and it made it crazy
smooth like at first like I didn't know
how I felt about it but it was like the
smoothest riding bearing slash wheel
combo I have ever felt in my life I felt
like I was like riding on angels
bedsheets I didn't think about that when
I said if either way kind of felt like
it was really really smooth if I like I
was going really fast and it's like I
got used to that and I liked it a lot I
can't really complain too much but I do
want to say if you're not used to like
such a smooth ride it might be kind of
weird for you getting used to it you can
still get the bearings and not use the
bearing lubricant so you can kind of
feel like the rumble of the ground as
you're going over it but oh my gosh if
you like smooth rides these are your
bearings my gosh it was very very very
good they have not broke nothing has
came off um they've been very very solid
and I do give it thumbs up so synopsis
definitely check them out I know they're
on Instagram so I just want to make this
video to tell you guys about it and say
snobs bearings thank you very much for
sending me the gear I completely
appreciate and I've been very satisfied
with products very very well put
together and I dig it into the ground I
take a whole and I put them in there and
like it's been dug okay too far Andy but
they actually sent me a BT and I thought
it'd be nice to me to give this to you
dudes so if you want a chance to win
this beanie go to synopsis bearings
Instagram which is right here on the
screen and just follow them and go
comment on one of their pictures and I
will pick a random commenter and send
this to them on DM you and get your
address if you're younger than 18 make
sure your parents know you're doing this
because you're gonna give you address
away but yeah that's no way to give back
to you dudes and I always love doing
that but just to show you guys some
unseen skateboarding that I've done with
these bearings
here's some GoPro footage I'm very sorry
it's a little cloudy and weird but thank
you for Justin Lanka for filming this
make sure you follow synopsis on
Instagram and comment to enter to win
the beanie and
guys the pandeiro is gonna be built this
today later today actually so next where
else Wednesday you should get up
handrail montage and that's it
my feet I was too in a robe at least
that's it
hope you guys liked the review I'm gonna
send you guys into the Euro gap and say
goodbye goodbye it's dusty yep you're
gonna win a dusty beanie now I'm sorry
say we be done tell the camera we'd be
done hey here's your sticker put on the
board put on the skateboard right there
on the other sticker say we have to does
our duty - alright
you
