we both tried to get each other
Breck and kick the door so I could run
faster
know it front of you to make you freak
out okay what I'm sick I can't talk
warehouse Wednesday everybody ninjas
going remember we're doing how many
tricks oh you have to do three tricks on
this crappy little Walmart board to warm
up
don't break it then mr. chill how you
doing doing good good then you're gonna
do five of your little tornado spin guys
five of those seven mints you do it
you're $30 if you don't do it you're
doing a shot of hot sauce my friend a
shot a shot it's like like with people's
my mistake drinks really want to get me
back seems like every video yeah
he died in Vegas you kill me yes are you
accept sure okay it's raining yes okay
it's like should we clean this up or
should we just let Casey do it dude it's
you should see the clip is so gross
somebody's gonna come up and you're like
wow someone threw up hey Cody that's
totally as mystery challenge the last
person to ever skate this I was what I
think would be him yes say what happened
to the last person terrible three tricks
and at least one of them has to be on
the flap bar once that's lap bar I know
you can do the crappy one the red one
okay
I don't know it doesn't fly and all
these don't count yeah but well it's
only three tricks dude how else would
you get warm I would say a nollie a pop
Shambala does not count - no gosh three
come on wool yeah yeah there one that
was hard Brian yeah one that was so hard
no no no come on get let go off a ramp
or like the stairs or the box something
what was you know back when a the hip I
own sound like myself sorry have you
seen it thing well I guess you those see
that there's your second for there we go
alright boys slide or front board
whatever you wanna do oh no don't break
it I thought don't dink it like he's
gonna do a normal slide the truck turn
at all I'm not sure yeah they're like
really like they're like this big I lost
my my Birds out it's $100 if you dark
side
is that fair don't touch him he's
probably warm warm is warmish and
sweating a little that didn't bend that
much mr. Chou what is he supposed to do
with it the quarter pipe flat it's gonna
break
could you do it off that drug yes I
think I could smuggle up the three and
then along the top of the box to flat
will that three break okay yes I can do
it
don't let it snap up and you in the face
that'll be the tear most growth industry
why why do you know how to Pogo that way
I have a pogo stick at my house
he practices at home make sense all
right well get your storm out it's about
to be tornado it's definitely warm now
Brian get your ladle out I'm waving your
silver right over there
when you go he'll start the clock seven
minutes five no duplicates seven minutes
and five seconds why I'm gonna need that
extra five he always gives bonus seconds
nope nope nope he just fell rolling
either no slide 2 likes to ski way back
5 back father
absolutely however sent one for bar
Oh
okay that was two three four three more
easy to have this done in two minutes I
don't think so the last one I know we
didn't rise give you hard I want them
and you do the hot sauce
this is stupid hey three is too stupid
to more look at everyone's like looking
at someone on the phone but they're like
facing the door of the bathroom
was that bismi the hardwood no if the
next one is the hard one
this is stupid is it stupid he's got
five and half minutes left to do a
freaking two tail whipping period flip
failure no stall power slide yes I was
afraid you do he's got it looks really
good in here and he just walked away
pause took took in freakin two and a
half minutes ninja stuff in the channel
here's $30 fade to black goodbye I guess
Brian's done with this episode all right
well we should have given you two
minutes that was stupidly good okay last
time I did this I want all you
subscribers to quit hating on me because
I'm the most fastest warehouse Wednesday
doer ever is that a good thing yeah yeah
okay it's true he's insanely good yes at
least race yeah you're the owner of 30
bucks Brian pay the dude yeah if you
guys want to see more from this doubly
fast talented guy his channel is
floating above his above the screen
right there and then in the info as well
yep and I don't know if we have we have
stuff that's fun on your channel so yes
something news coming out Oh sticks
okay cool thank you guys for watching if
you wanna see more videos I do use all
the time and normally I have a voice so
hit the subscribe button right below the
video and you'll be signed up to see
more and that is it that's weird what is
he doing is wrong he's just rolling
right that's just casual it's casual
right were they filming you pee probably
why would the camera point in the
bathroom I wanted to film me pee that's
probably what you to do it
hey just because I wanted you to the
backside flip for the bonus do three
tries I can try it it's rice it's much
harder for me
third try I told you that was good dude
oh here money - BAM you gave it back -
yeah
