warehouse Wednesday backpack on you do
have a backpack on look it's like my
first day at school or something it's
really cold
what is your first is that I'm gonna see
your body don't you you could win this
that's wonderful wonderful thing
are you serious yeah dude so what'd you
guys do today and you got a UH ten tries
540 shove it big spin big Spitfire big
spin bigger big spin
big spin him big spin downstairs you
have ten tries to do it uh the kicker is
though you have to warm up with a
kickflip you have key with the stairs
first cable the stairs torm up see you
like how scared he is like fit big spin
five okay five forty baseman I'm okay
yeah you got warm over the kickflip my
friend all can do you got it you got it
you got this you can kick for the hurt
you guys owe you 540 flipped it last
week and you're scared of a K plus I
haven't kickflip okay imagine this
hopeless fancy that's because that's
what you do you start skating the spot
you do like an ollie like shove it down
a gap before like an ollie
I've been kickflip anything says that
faster and Callie well you're gonna do
it in Ohio
pigfoot Kevin time you can do this I
have faked just kickflip just kickflip
that wasn't that bad you were sleeping
anyway but you did it kind of a kickflip
tailslide really anyone too slow so
horrifying to watch to get it almost hit
me in the throat is what you just say
kind of keep dude all edit the last
stare out of there if you hit it don't
worry no words
awesome michael says get back you up and
he's going to howl hearing this you did
yeah Michael you got it
all right wearing it all you Collett
wearing is a backpack you gotta do it
first try right now breast
it looks like ash ketchum and now we're
going camping and fighting on the
Pokemon tenderize catch them all o 540
big spin down this that was kind of
close really I mean - like your whole--
like when the ground it was good I'm
gonna toss I'm tossing the secondary
prize did you do it and get the new
revived like bolts oh that's awesome
she's coming out soon third try
third try Tommy
fifth try seventh try oh you've got it
three more tries two more tries Oh Tommy
one try to rule them all
do it alright let's take some bets how
much you want to bet yesterday yes he's
got it yeah okay oh my gosh Tommy
alright well here's what's happening you
get these as a complimentary prize okay
cuz you're on the team you kind of get
to have tab there's play you might feel
with this someone wins that in the
future of where else Wednesday but I
will give you a chance to release you
and your trick okay all right the 11th
try to now you see now it's locked in
place do you know what video that's
where I'm on the internet I do not
Ashley knows videos right now it's
locked in place see how it's locked it
lookup infomercial oh my god yeah gosh
it's the best thing in the world
oh wait that one I can't watch that guy
have you seen it alright we just eat so
it's just like girl tool man - I'll try
hey Wow Garrett appears hello hey what
do think is gonna land of this dry Oh
what did you say I can believe it you
could roll away with anything when you
put your feet to it but you're going to
Australia right now let's go mate took
that really well we were like on that
was a joke we should go one day one day
massacre Tuesday we will be messed with
Merry Christmas Thomas that's uh do you
play video games
