yes
what's going to happen wicked ice cream
so guys this is Mikey white house we got
it we will you tail ollie into Texas
paper plastic plastic Oh always does so
I came to California completely not
knowing than one of my brothers and
teammates is here Johnny Geiger I'm
gonna go find it meet for the first time
he's playing game of skate probably
winning Johnny what are the odds of this
happening awesome man is nicer
physically me feel like I like he's him
up and he was like yeah Johnny's here
I'm like what Justin ya go
that'll do this is like the first person
gap like it here the cap that's what it
looks like to get khalid so Johnny being
for Switzerland brought the Swiss
chocolate you guys ready to do this you
already ate it Doug I said Doug get out
right Doug all right I'm gonna see it
the slim dropped in your bro it has the
swiss alps on it mmm tell ya okay put in
your mouth now unwrap it I thought
should have said that would have been
nice you're gonna do all slow and we're
at aren't you it's not chapstick how is
it how is it oh oh okay I'm excited for
this work that was good that's not good
sure is that what secret Ross if it has
one they like Iceland that is the one
mocha that's the personal my hand it was
so so you could have said thank you for
that whole swamp I'll
and also just as a bonus clip see the
space right here totally right there
driving a car that's Brian Ames yeah
we're done
