Oh
Mikey White House people I told you I
was gonna Texas and i said i might get
some footage of mikey and there it was
he is unreal he is so so so good I mean
clearly you just saw what you saw
unfortunately we were leaving the
skatepark we kind of ran at a time i'm
cool with the big flip out to i mean
it's kind of talented land a trick like
that and drool away like about us seen
this picture i would have guessed that
he was like just doing a front full but
actually i landed on a skateboard or
something insane that he kept going and
he pulled it off as smooth as he did but
thats my key he was shreds and he can
he's a good dude so get behind him i
just want to give you a reminder that he
just got on Orion and Ryan's doing a
thing for you guys when you get any pair
of Orion trucks for thirty bucks so use
the code all lowercase revive 30 as the
coupon code put that in when you're
getting a pair of truck center Ryan
trucks calm and you'll get your trucks
for thirty bucks so just remind you I
think it's going for a few hundred days
they extended it a couple days so maybe
through the weekend but get on to people
the links right down there good job
Mikey and it's it in three words what do
you think about Mikey really amazing
skateboarder this skateboarders two
words that's for you don't know how to
spell
you
