warehouse Wednesday I got a big wheel
hey you're a Puritan you're a Quaker
you're an Amish you're a wood dude I go
yeah that is very surprisingly well
that's right
yeah when they made the wheel back in
the day they were rotted on it Thomas
Thomas I can see you buddy they might in
turn and introduce him Oh Michaels in
turn guys I always was watching laughing
I always watch his left eye and here's a
Bengal tiger imagine that he had Tigers
in the world
we built a fox there and we're gonna
skate it that's what we're do today
we're gonna unveil it to you no
responsibilities I'm Gary D I do a
backflip all right Thomas how many big
spin something you're new today least
three come I say at least three oh let's
go his way too nice of a day to be
skating outside it really that makes so
much sense inside yeah you're I do that
on purpose yeah cuz I it's all dusty
from you making this solder everyone
about to see this make sure you know
that Garrett did it and I did a really
good job oh there's gonna be a handrail
here eventually but today we're gonna do
some tricks down the stairs aren't we
yeah you are you're gonna take away the
handrail
there
whether your get too
I'm in here eating in the know the Lord
left the 10 tries how I'm so good I
haven't done that since he goes music I
won't do the prove him like I'm gonna do
a 3 foot and I go over there and eating
a friggin bar after I did my free book
and he's doing a 540 foot
I haven't done since list the seven
stair this gate I know oh yeah
that's it guys is our five share it's
kinda like a mini five block it's a big
five stair but we're getting a rail it's
gonna I'm gonna punch you Brian
sorry yeah wasn't you was it but yeah
we're putting the rail so if we will see
that next week I want to thank this dude
for not only doing the best high five
and backside flip you'll see for
building this he killed it and more
things to come more things to come in
straight quarters to what do you say to
push down the pink he acted it well is
he hurt I don't know
you're gonna fit in all right here
Michael
