YouTube what's up guys I'm here right
now man you're watching me so you know
that to tell you how to customize your
safety using AM grip grip tape at first
I'm getting coffee j.lo just wanna come
here freaking I got your iced coffee
drinks and I got yours double shot
espresso thing since its it's kind of
like a cough up errantly alright I'm
gonna do this one vanilla because I'm a
16 year old girl is that stereotype
seasonal girls the Starbucks either way
coffee that's what I need that's good
but YouTube I am going to show you how
to customize your grip tape using an AM
grip grip tape I ride for them and it's
a owned and ran by my buddy Doug
Estelle's who's an awesome dude a
terrific skateboarder is pro for a vibe
and yeah I love the grip tape it's a
little grippy er than your traditional
standard grip tape but it doesn't like
cut away your shoes too fast cuz with a
lot of rough grip tapes that does happen
so I love it I'm actually hoping to
never skate another type of grip tape
ever again in my life right here is my
first board I ever used am grip on and a
lot of people put stickers underneath I
print stuff out and put it below the
cutout and that is nests from earthbound
it's my favorite video game ever and I
like to look down and see awesome things
okay one time I had a t-rex with guns on
a 10 that is not joking at all totally
had that it was awesome I looked down I
was like you know what I will ground
this one here why not so that's what I'm
doing I'm showing you how to do that
today I am doing red 13 from 597 if you
know who this is you're a nerd like me
my car is actually named after this dude
he's a big cat that is like wise and he
has fire as a tail I don't know what you
can do better than that but there's not
many things except maybe Chipotle but
that's a whole other story alright so
first things first
you need your am grip you're going to
push your cut out out okay and it does
kind of weird because doesn't look like
it's there but then you start pushing
around and feeling you're like oh that's
where that's where Doug is tails doing a
switch heelflip is so you push your cut
outs and you actually have a pretty cool
grip tape sticker thing going on we put
them all over straight quarters we'll do
this at the end of the video you're
going to see us putting this somewhere
else probably from all bry names so here
we go here's the sheet what I do is I
line it up like I get this out I might
kind of troubleshoot up in different
sizes until I find a good one
so basically push your draw your push
your print out underneath
the image and kind of get it where you
want it I want this kind of crooked so
you can see the face and the fire all at
once it's going to look a little weird
but you know you got to test out
different images to make this work I got
to make it go diagonal so you're going
to find out how you want it and then
take scissors these are left-handed
scissors by the way they feel super
awkward use Thank You Bryan Ames I don't
know where mine went so and then you're
going to cut it out and give a little
safety room room for troubleshooting and
whatnot
but you don't want to make it too big
because you're actually preventing the
grip tape from sticking in a sense so
it's never an issue unless you like do
it a ridiculous amount keep that in mind
this is a big piece so when I figure out
how to do it I might cut right here and
here since I'm not going to use it in
fact let's just go ahead and do this and
then I'm gonna make sure that it's still
how I want it boom just about like that
you're gonna want to put tape over the
the sticker or the print out if it's
stickers we're gonna have a glossy
finish and be protective but if it's a
printout like this from basic printer
paper if your board gets wet randomly or
you know something what happened it
might rip so you're going to want to put
this over it so it's got a little
protection and it can live whatever
happens to your skateboard just be safe
I'm gonna cut the extra tape away so
it's not taking up any more space with
Bryan's stupid left hand scissors it's
not gonna work some Beason razor blade
real fast all right so I have my sticker
that has the tape protecting it I do not
need but I really don't need these
scissors and I do not need my tape
anymore now you get to apply it to the
bottom of the grip tape and that's the
hardest part of all of this is getting
the sticker aligned right with that so
if you actually have a friend help you
this it's easier but I've done it by
myself before and I made it look alright
so you're not okay if you're friendless
don't worry I've been there before you
need to find the edge of a service this
is how I do it and there very well might
be a better way of doing this in general
but this is works for me this is the way
to do it friendless okay so you're gonna
put the grip tape on the edge right here
so it kind of holds it for you hover
over it and see where you want it and
then you're gonna throw it down and if
you have a friend they can hold this
side too so like you don't actually have
to hold the grip tape at all and you can
just worry about that that's the best
way to do it
don't hit it too hard because if you
need to take it back like I just did
right there if you pressed it to the
tape too much sometime it won't go so
just be careful this is okay I kind of
wanted more of him his face over here
with his body but depending on what you
print out sometimes it's easier
sometimes that's harder and I kind of
wanted this leg right there but either
way I have his face I'm gonna look down
and be like that's red 13 his fire tail
I can freakin hardflip now okay and I
can't actually hard firm that well but I
might be able to now we'll see I don't
know now push it back over and kind of
rub it in to your grip tape get your
skateboard this is an 8.0 x-ray chest
graphic Sam flew hard to design this
good jobs in Florida you rock and then
you're going to apply your grip tape
just like you normally do but the only
thing when you're applying this is make
sure you apply the back to the end of
this like this is your tail side as
close to the edge as possible that's way
the the am grip graphic is away from the
bolts I've made that mistake where the
bolts are too close and it kind of like
it pushes the paper up with it because
you didn't cut it up away on my my
sticker or print out or we're going to
call it but if you just put the grip
tape right up to the edge of the
skateboard you're gonna be fine and the
world is going to keep rotating it's a
good thing like people in Australia
should buy thank you like a good job you
can both the world by sucking a damn
grip now I'm doing this thing which kind
of it removes air bubbles but what do
you think about it air bubbles don't
actually matter because no one has ever
missed a trick like mannequin three
people because of my air bubble and that
will not happen it has never happened
unless you have an air Mountain in your
grip tape so I don't really care about
air bubbles but I do this just in case
there's some big ones in there now
you're gonna score your grip tape this
makes it easier to cut around it with a
razor blade alright now that you have it
scored you're just going to take a razor
blade whatever utility knife that you
use and safely cut it the grip tape away
from your skateboard if you're a young
dude that doesn't handle razor blades a
lot have your parent do it or have your
uncle you know or that neighbor that
your parents are friends with your whole
family trusts maybe he can do it I don't
know but if you don't trust him don't
have them do it that's just weird not
judging your neighbor at all but I don't
know you know if this day and age makes
you paranoid about everything and after
family guide who knows what your
neighbors like break up piece of
griptape and stretch the edge down that
hurt
ed wallah you have customized griptape
okay I have read 13 you can put whatever
you want on there I did Mario before
this I've done Iron Man the t-rex with
guns on his head and banner riders but
it's really cool I mean you can do
whatever you want it's just kind of nice
looking down and seeing something that
you're psyched on it kind of makes you
more excited to be skating on your
skateboard so there you guys go
I'm gonna put my skateboard together and
I'll do a few tricks for you but that is
how you customize your group tape using
am grape and grape freaking grapes
I hope this hit video helped you in some
sorts but just give you a heads up on my
setup have Orion trucks I have forced
wheels
I have synopsis bearings and then I have
some prototype revive hardware don't
look at the sticker and think that's how
it's gonna look but one day we're gonna
have this that's it oh and this
skateboard pay attention this skateboard
because one day this skateboard is going
to come back to be relevant in my videos
and in there are five worlds so be on
the lookout for that let's cut some
skateboarding when is a kickflip test
which is where you do a kickflip but if
you let it first try it's going to be a
good skateboard that's a tell but it's
also my first movement of the day
alright guys so there we got a board
feels good grip tape looks awesome I
hope you guys liked this video hope it
helped you for everyone that kind of
wonders yeah what's the best way of
going about doing this but that is how I
do it and if you want to pick up a sheet
of this we have at our online store the
shred quarters comm and also of some
skate shops are starting to carry it if
yours doesn't just ask them to order
some and then contact us we can get some
grip tape to them but to end this video
we're going to do a little bit of a
water cooler baseball okay here have
this pitch at me aka roll it at me this
is what should you use it of you
skateboard for oh I'm out and I have no
head hahaha
okay remember that one time I said we're
gonna use that griptape sticker what
we're gonna do is we're gonna get Brian
Eames chair right here we're gonna put
it upside down on it so when he sits
down next time he's gonna have a grip
tape sticker on his butt and there you
go
Brian Eames that is why you have Doug
deci tells doing a kickflip that he's
not going to land or switch heelflip
whatever is doing on your butt
it's gonna work perfect it's gonna work
so good
you
