30 there he is Ryan Bracken standing on
a skateboard yeah what do you think is
gonna do people look at him it looks
like he's just gonna keep rolling right
but you know this is a fall Friday and
you know that you don't know that you do
know your options are rolling or maybe
walking off your skateboard if you're
not comfortable with it but Peter Ryan
decides to go for what I call the al al
fall I wasn't gonna feature this as a
fall Friday but then when I saw this
still image of how completely perfect it
looked like he was standing on a
skateboard I kind of had to it's like
when you're traveling you know you're
gonna eat dinner the way you want to ok
you need whatever you want because this
vacation that's what you what you do I
had to make a fall Friday out of it
because Ryan Bracken goes from standing
there to just sailing across the manual
pad onto his bodily something day was
something to cross the concrete if you
watch the whole cliff momentum kind of
makes sense but I was like wow talk
about unnecessary buddy good just
stepped off jumped off landed your trick
I don't know but on the plus side we had
a great conversation after he fell and
Ryan Bracken had some great comments to
make I got it I got it hey all right
however this thing it's like cheese
grater like the fat size is greater so
it's like the really big trunk space not
the fine like it's show in Chile and
graded your beard right off your left of
the mustache ouch open your eyes but one
thing this fall kind of makes me
reminisce on is that this is the type of
fall that like it takes you a while to
get to where you're falling I mean
you're traveling a distance like you
kind of stumbled you're like I could
potentially not fall here so I'm gonna
walk like frickin Gollum from Lord of
the Rings and try not to fall but you're
going down all right you know you are
and you have that moment you're doing it
for a long enough that you know that
everyone has noticed this is happening
and they're just staring at you you
better hope they the girl you like a guy
you like isn't watching you because it's
funny you look funny at that moment and
you're always going to end up on the
ground like an idiot I'm not been there
plenty of times and so is Ryan Bracken
in this case but we all had a laugh and
it was a good time so I got hope you
guys enjoyed it i'm gonna need proof
just like I do every fall Friday that
Ryan Bracken can skateboard so here are
some clips of him
that's Brockie Brachiosaurus just
freaking release the kraken bracket I
don't know i'm done with nicknames
that's him i hope you guys dug that i'll
be back in a couple weeks with another
fall friday hopefully i'm gonna try to
get a weird one or action of skating
with jason park this weekend so and you
will you will get a weird or humorous
fall coming up I promise you that but
I'll be back tomorrow I have a dating
life 30 coming up and Dave videos every
single day so hit the subscribe button
if you want to see more from me and that
is it I'm gonna I'm gonna step out from
the frame actually I'm gonna I think
we're gonna go to bonnaroo this year
sorry man hey did you see that I hit you
in the face that sucks are these wonder
loom rubber bands
that's a great question okay because
look at the picture it's just a dude
sitting on skateboard okay you think
that he would ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
ok
