warehouse Wednesday sounds good alright
thing is infuriatingly different yet
sign the ears and you broke it I broke
it
I'm sorry uh Ryan bracket yeah hey
wouldn't you where's your shoes Casey
they're gone still yeah this actually
sucks cuz there's big rocks well hurt
well win warehouse Wednesday more often
look who we have here he's a model yes
you have a face here's a rocket the
rocket actually we're done with it we
don't have over there okay but you do
have a face and you got to do three
tricks to warm up every time you fail
you have to do five push-ups I can only
do like five foot well then don't miss
tricks okay the last warm-up trick has
to be that 360 kickflip thing you down
the quarter pipe okay don't miss it
five and then mister challenge what is
the mystery challenge he doesn't know
Casey okay and then you made a claim you
use your face you're like you're like
hey like a total do like a backside flip
nosegrind town the new hubba I can
totally do a backside flip nose grind
down linear over ten minutes if you land
it two of your friends that live over in
the other part of the country gets boxes
from this red course whoa
if you fail we'll still give it to them
oh really but then you have to put your
your chest in that just like just your
chest to like it's to be really weird
okay alright okay so best-case scenario
you walk away with nothing but not wet a
wet chest okay that's a weird day Casey
sucks up moving cousin F shoes Brian can
you hit a cup of water with a bottle
rocket no I cannot to warm up tricks
they have to be honorable but with you
missed them you have to do five push-ups
every triangle what's on what what up
Brian Ames is the honor
what his warmups they got to be
honorable his first two and then we
always make up skis in vinegar okay fine
that quarter pipe right there
can I do an any ground it's good I'll
try to do it hi
and it moved a lot if he doesn't do a
few push-ups I'm gonna be so mad okay
all right second trick handrail do it on
the big club probably guys he's got to
be the whole bar the whole what did you
know I'm not what do you want to do arms
are gonna be toast
I've got to land anything first tries
anything it doesn't matter is horrible
it's a warm-up fast do you think so down
that order him to do five push-ups do it
here he's good every time he misses a
trick warm-up he has to do five push-ups
at sex
okay blondie I saw it Tommy is that
that's five does that suck it yeah
dude his long hair dude we don't do
push-ups for skateboarders I'm
astonished he's not done one two three
four five
Jeb digit he has toes he listen to me I
told him to lean back a little bit and
not dip it as much
the dude high-five hurt because he's so
strong now yeah now you got to do a
backside 360 kickflip or do push-ups
bang that was really good too
Oh push-ups two three four four and a
half that fun I'm just kidding here
right where you lied do those amazing I
like to stop recording halfway through
it so we don't actually have proof that
you did five B I saw you do five no
push-ups but clean it up your mister
challenge is one hundred push-ups
I can't no I'm kidding okay so your
warm-ups over but you just did a big
flip 360
he says it's easier because they just
have to think about it as much cuz the
other one you have to make sure it
doesn't ever flip okay okay okay but so
easy this is going to be your mister
challenge I've got this okay you're mr.
challenge is you've got to do that your
big flip 360 thing while Brian shoots
the rocket at you that's the most
intimidating thing in the world
oh my missed him and I'm going for his
eyeball I'm going for it
okay he sucks
you think you're filming this is the
angle I have to get because Brian's so
far away from you but he just asked how
this is the mystery challenge the
mystery challenge simply means you don't
know what it's gonna be
it could be anything it could be baked
lasagna it could be you literally
blasted him this is entertaining I was
like I'm sure he's fine it may sir
challenge we can call them off sure
let's give him three choices root Drive
he's done more if he gets one more I'm
gonna hit him
Chase's here are two dudes that you're
doing with trying to win a sponsor
package sup it's make sense up is Mason
banana loser banana lizard yeah ten
minutes backside flip knows right when
he goes you you go wonder Dethklok
what's your favorite of the week
so he gets first Thursday ten minutes
and eight seconds okay what's this isn't
lease and going right now go oh it's
going
let's flip so fast I see it pausing that
took 1516 seconds
try that was the best first try I've
ever seen here
now he wants a big flip probably I'll do
that he'll do this first grudge
barked and sparked what do you have that
people might not know a dozen nipple
well there's two pros here there's well
we've learned a lot okay one we should
have never thought it would take you
long to do a backside nose run - we want
you to land this in the future three
people get sponsored packages say let's
give it to him was it cold give it to
him don't give it to Amex don't give it
to him mmmmmm
all right banana lizard and stop it's
Mason let's get let's give him oh you
don't want me no no no okay so we just
won't show it's fine they're going out
we'll take them out good job on the
where else Wednesday thank you good job
what's your PS what's your places name
yeah thank you dude for coming he always
shreds he's way too talented so next
time I'm sorry you're going to be giving
a much harder task than you work what
you were given but this was like this
was a good will there's you know you had
the idea to hook some people up and I
liked it so I wanted you you would want
either way you just didn't have to put
your chest in a lake thank you
yeah that was a sucked yeah it was like
the film I don't want well yeah I would
put his Instagram name right in the info
if you want to see more amazing
skateboarding and whatever goofy thing
is going on in his head
follow him on Instagram my new videos
here myself all the time so hit the
subscribe button right down below if you
want to see more from me and I will be
back with warehouse Wednesday next week
but I do videos all the time so Brian
yeah
what are you doing you didn't grow
anything
oh that's sick
it's from Katy skater odd boy that's
awesome and then whatever is in this is
your steal so there you go I gave it I
get Katie I gave it to him I have it but
I don't want anyone to know what's in
here nor do you wanna say thank you
thank you so much
no yeah I didn't want I had to remind
you no wait you did
