hi I am picking up fine state boy you're
so much taller than him right now why
are you taller than me are you okay with
this though yes he did it I need your
board he didn't like eight months ago
I think and he did pretty good right is
it okay 90 degree okay so you get to
pick out the board and the Dini Barons
now I'm good okay so board wheels
hardware and maybe get him a banana have
you ever seen a banana with a butt yeah
all right get down don't you have parity
here here first let's do five wheels
Murphy no that's the most in reciting
part so this is our online skate shop
the strike force calm where we have our
brands and a bunch of basically anything
skateboarding Brendan's gonna show Brian
products from the new line the winter
line and maybe some of the fall we'll
see but newest products we've got a ton
of wheels ride and don't we so the new
you want to see the new ones are you
want to do the old ones here is jacking
no John Hill good name for a wheel
though yeah dragon that's the John Hill
here's the Johnny Geiger's hey have you
ever been skating and then you hit a
rock and you fly off and fall you've
never done that wow how lucky is he he's
very lucky that happens to us all time
in there caught pebbles man they suck
yes they do suck that's why I have as
wheel that says pebbles suck okay so
there's the ease they say pebbles suck
this bad boy I just told you what's
wrong with a stop your skateboard make
you fall on your head I don't care you
don't care of you fall you don't care
about this wheel I don't care for fall
well you yeah but care a little bit
right a little bit
that is Medusa has a bunch of snakes
coming off her head I wanted that one
Frankenstein dude there's tears more
tired I once Erin Cairo Doug guess it
smells
do you like Doug Wow you want your dogs
we don't know don't open it up gosh
these are for people to buy well hand it
to Brian if that's the one you pick
juice the wheels have these wheels now
they're force horse wheels hardware time
hey need to store your skateboard you're
not wearing a helmet sir neither are you
I'm sorry I'm gonna bring the bolts to
you we have Allen Hardware gold and
black more Allen hard real silver normal
black hardware with two white and then
we've got the black wooden red cool I'll
get I didn't because I feel like you
didn't want to see multi colors no I'm
down there pretty cool though they are
he does have this board nice you can
have one pick one thanks to Jake you
think oh you think the cat is Jake you
think this cat is Jake
all right skateboard time new ones okay
hold on a point over we have the cat
nacho this is the cat attacking a bunch
of nachos
I'm already skating this one open skate
that one we've got the cat versus hand
what are cats do that do that bagel
loves you bagel doesn't bite me he did
he's done it once if I don't know why he
freaked out
yeah I was holding him and he's just
like returning to it like the ball in
the cartoon ball of life just random cat
claws coming out of it that like that I
was only wearing boxers while holding
him so I was just cat cuts all over my
body sounds horrible it was terrible and
the third one is cat versus pizza we're
not that what about what that's that's a
snow ski and then we have this we got
the pros this is Doug's this is really
cool
and then Johnny's is up there look at
that green and black color where that's
super cool and then right in here listen
to my voice right now gay why you have
the very best tie-dye to ever exist this
is the coolest hard a skateboard is
everything really we should call this
tie-dye tie-dye tie-dye 18-gauge - I'm
sorry I blow up yeah all right so you
saw there the pro decks we got the
tie-dye we got its knees
and we got the cat boards which one do
you want which one is he gonna skate
you're gonna catch I'm gonna cat board
the cat burrs hand switched it up from
there you go sports skateboard together
yeah baby are you gonna dance forever
he's almost ready to put together it is
it's fun and then actually being done
with said setup is the best part yeah
let me get strike kickflip you think is
gonna land it yeah thanks I appreciate
that I think you will we'll see let's go
we're going do you think you picked out
a good skateboard ridin I think it's
gonna look like a smorgasbord I think
it's gonna be it's gonna be very
colorful yeah the super colorful provide
tie-dye bolts I have revived cats vs.
hand 8.0 skateboard Jessop grip that's
the one you picked out dude
JooJoo gold bearings I have force Medusa
53 millimeter wheels is cool
I'm a Libra snakes coming out of a
hiatus medusa medusas a goose bones
yeah now if you do sterling is a age old
your head
her hair is her hair that's my do stuff
yeah and then I have crux standard Roth
trucks five and silver clamp tool
 skank goofy what do you think
that's from what trick writing what kind
of grind glide saw your board or a nope
it's called it's called people grind
throw your board away won't you do the
tightening truck dance if you're done
that dance before
so just Wiggles is bite
there you go he's dancing yes dancing
away I still shaking his butts up
they'll take us but what we gonna make
Brian do one day puts the skateboard I
would probably say like a backflip to
nosegrind I'm not gonna land that one oh
we've got a real happy
this wheel is really happening you see
what I did there he's running away if
you had to eat an entire pizza right now
I'd be social or a shot of ranch what
would you do a whole pizza for sure but
you but you had to eat the whole thing
feels like the Graysons were having to
me if you had to get bit by a dog or
drink an entire bottle of mustard what
you do get attacked by a dog really I
mean had to bite you there later I'm
cool done all right in the eyeball an
eyeball personal maybe a pirate and
while you'd be have a pirate patch you
would
every time you put a new board together
you go to try kickflip if you land it as
good luck knew you were wrong you
shouldn't have doubted them okay you
want to do a kickflip catch kickflip
catch kickflip I know he almost did that
first track what how you put the key
chain in the thing there you go it's a
little secret container he's going
watch out back up
it was sloppy but I did it and I'm not
thinking again
wow that was almost really easy
that's pretty I feel like that be weird
with like a brand-new set up it is very
weird but I think that I think I'm
lock-in the Feebles 4:53 moment at
wheels better so I put a switch there
you go I thank you right and 53
millimeter wheels make my Peter made him
realize you like something about the
board maybe you picked out so thanks for
doing this buddy ridin ridin was at work
with me today and he said he wanted to
do video so we let him pick out Brian's
skateboard like I said in the beginning
this video all this stuff is just came
out on the Shred course calm and if you
guys been watching my videos you very
well and we're of this that's our online
skate shop where we have a brand smell
and stuff but we hope you enjoyed the
actual video I knew where else Wednesday
comes out tomorrow so tune in for that
that's it thanks for allowing my
five-year-old to make a board for you
it's very colorful it doesn't look bad
no I doesn't look good at all yeah I'm
hyped I like it videos your all time
here subscribe if you want to see more
for me but go out and skateboard is the
candidate either way just have a good
day peace out guys
and that was the best bonus clip that
you could have guys could have asked for
geez
and what are they doing they're like
making like a rocket launch out of the
full gym camera at the camera yeah
or is that a camera or is this a camera
or my camera did good
