you
Mikey Whitehouse welcome to Orion trucks
he shreds all you guys saw that footage
it is it doesn't even need to be said
he's a very talented skateboarder he's
part of the major crew and I'm really
hyped to be the first one to upload his
welcome video I've wrote for Orion for a
few years now and I'm really hyped on
their stuff when I found out Mikey's
gonna be on the team I was like yes he
absolutely destroys anything in this
path and he's totally did a front board
sex-change lipslide down a handrail my
gosh I hope you guys dug that Orion to
give back to you dudes my subscribers
let me put this up the I'm the first one
to put it up and they're gonna sell
trucks to you guys for my $30 a pair on
their stores so if you go to a Ryan
truck sicom and hit the store button any
truck you want on there is 30 bucks so
this is just for the people that watch
my videos the coupon code is revive 30
so get on that and use it it's gonna be
up for a week keep in mind they might
get a lot of orders so it might take a
couple extra days and you're used to
getting to you but they will get on it
and like I said it's good until Friday
the 23rd so use this code people I'll
give you guys a reminder next week
hopefully at least on my social medias
but I mean that's a decent price for
trucks 30 bucks and it's you just type
in the coupon code revive 30 and boom
you got it so go check out that and pick
out some trucks and tell Mikey that he
rocks because he does that's exactly
what he does I'm actually bout to go
skate with major crew I leave tomorrow
and I'll be there for the weekend so
hopefully I get some footage with all
those dudes specifically Mikey I don't
know but I'm gonna eat a Dorito come on
my gosh this this is the Dorito this is
the one you wouldn't pick at it no
