Oh throwback door this is warehouse
Wednesday but not not warehouse
Wednesday why is it not where else was
there outside today we are outside it's
cold
hi guys all right here there right step
do you just bang - my finger today I'm
step forth is to try with her tournament
yeah Trog winter tournament - triwizard
tournament
all right there's our big patch of ice
out there and we're gonna battle it out
on the ice whoever does the most
impressive snow skating is gonna get
this thing which randomly entered our
lives scared convinced no you're
absolutely gonna win well then the glory
is gonna be mine - I'm gonna win it
you're the judge though okay it's fine
your bias against Garrett apparel yeah I
mean I got this on lock what is that
Gatorade bottle speak up man yeah Gator
eats bigger let's go do this it's gonna
suck we're gonna fall who's going first
um this tabor actually I will totally go
for I will go first the first move but
okay I'm just gonna run and kind of in
test it out he's gonna absolutely show
you I'm gonna throw down you get the
angle it's on there speaker oh that it
could not have been good first get
creative Kimo freakin sabi so slippery
yeah this is so dead alright and that
wasn't impressive at the internship yeah
here it brought me to this craziest Rock
here at a rock better definitely better
rock your strategies just eliminate
people like hey let's have them all die
don't land anything you can't win
friggin life I mean I like the fact that
we didn't celebrate you dropping in a
rock and we celebrated for the chef and
the chef is the easiest the easiest
thing do your kid coven Oh
oh dude that was ice kickflip haha
did you see that job oh it don't say
hurt that's what you want yes it didn't
really flip ah it didn't flip that was
it looks pretty good thinking outside
the box
yeah good oh yeah here's another Ryan
switch kick that was switch arrow goes
down how he does a line oh holy crap
little dude my foot drunken village my
butt crack this solid ice you see it I
see the butt crack that was good that
was good dude
he's walk he's just walking away Lee you
should that's a walk off that is a walk
off walk off what I got you the second
egg Eagle then that's for sure
first try that was good thank you oh we
vary the never very good you gotta do it
one didn't get his good alright alright
well you did the first try but I didn't
know he's going so i trying to get to do
it again dear that's how big it really
was though thanks so good dude
any Schrock close McGarrett
you win oh my gosh thanks guys that's
crazy good more for like that what you
went through to get that well I mean I
might dislocated this shoulder Sam is
horrible
good bye guys well next time we'll be in
the warehouse all right we're on
Wednesday I can be the warehouse we have
it where else so how'd it feel
uh sharp sharp on my hands I'm gonna cut
I'm gonna cut to it and people are gonna
see a fall into a nice bit of water okay
here here you go
right here what is happening do you
really go into that are you soaking wet
I didn't really make it past the camera
already yeah I'm taking this one down
you just took that down
