uh I usually do by talking bits out
there like after footage but it is about
zero degrees outside and for you Celsius
people that is like negative 18 degrees
which is cold even a polar bear we
complain that's not true poor bear would
try to love that but I'm staying inside
that was like a best of the Columbus
ians and by that i mean people to live
in columbus ohio but this is from Mason
Miller he filmed all the dudes and he
puts puts content up on youtube so if
you like what you saw the bottom link at
the end of this video will be to Mason's
channel go check it out like I said he
puts up amazing skate content he's a
good dude and he's an awesome the
Pokemon collection not true don't spend
it up if you doing videos the top link
will be me so subscribe if you want to
see more for me mainly check out Mason
and then they stay inside okay because
it's cold in unless you live in
California then you don't really need me
telling you what to do with your life
but if you don't want to California
stance
you
