Christian people we just did this but
we're hugging again because they filled
up I'm here
youtube what's up guys so i know a lot
of you people are saying Andy I've seen
this footage before cuz i watch your
videos and yeah okay if you watch my
videos you've seen this but it's
Christian so you should really shouldn't
be upset you've seen it twice because
it's Christian it's worth watching like
five times now what I wanted to put this
together because Chris is about drop his
very first video part tomorrow on his
channel so if you are an intelligent
human being I like skateboarding you
better be subscribed to channel if
you're not click the link at the end of
this video be the bottom link and i'll
take you to his channel and subscribe he
is one of the best flat ground
skateboarders in the world and he also
knows how to freaking flip trick grind
go down caps all that fun stuff he could
trick is what I'm trying to say he is a
tricker haha he's very talented he's
also one of the most down to earth
awesome nice dudes that you'll meet he's
my fellow teammate on force wheels but
you know like I said he's a great friend
he's an awesome guy you want to get
behind this dude because he is gonna do
great things on the skateboard a go
subscribe to his channel and watch out
for the video parts but i do want to
take this moment to publicly say that I
challenged him one time I was like Chris
if I ever beat you in a game of skate
and I give you a hundred bucks he could
just bail on the game and kind of blow
it on purpose and we get a hundred bucks
but he's not honorable to so he's not
doing that I'm saying right now if I
ever be a Christian to get me skate I'm
gonna give him a hundred bucks i played
him a couple months ago and he totally
just killed me i didn't get wondering i
landed a full cab flip island stupid
tricks like a switch varial kickflip and
he landed it like boom like easy he
killed me with a heart full plate shove
it so I've got a big battle to go up
against but I'm gonna start filming them
put on my channel and she made me dying
over and over again I'm that I'm seeing
hang out with mid-february and then
April so two games right off the bat
you're gonna see him crush me so stay
tuned for that I'm just saying it's a
goal to beat Chris and a game of skate
and one day I'm gonna do it okay cuz i
frickin skate more often now I'm getting
better way go to this channel watch out
for that video part it's gonna be
awesome and then hope you guys are
having a good time I hope you guys like
the Christian footage goodbye
that wasn't it clearly I have work to do
that's worth i'm going to put in
christian i'm coming for you outro music
start happening
