Justin Locker I would like to thank you
for everything you do
this guy is prepping your boxes cutting
your grip tape packing up your orders
and he is the best baby's leaving right
now so you should do you even have your
board with you no you gotta do one trick
I don't care what pick a skateboard you
gotta do one trick okay where's your
food I don't know what happened to my
camera like went black for a second I
don't have you you hit me did I know
then you're at the camera Oh get a
picture I took a picture
I felt like four times maybe you need to
go watch either
I think you grind it he grinded that he
grinded right there that was back Smith
four days not the days of all four
milliseconds he did it sir alright so I
gotta take a break from we are avenged
and to order some stickers because we're
running out of four stickers and we want
you guys be able to have some four
stickers so did it is the workday
overriding is the workday Oh everybody
yeah no you're right it's not it's never
over
cuz never we're never get it all done
wha-oh about to get a mushroom on our
that egg one give me it now I didn't
work at all I not got it
put it down
Oh we'll take it whatever that was
three-sixty out they meant to do it
there's a slick thing all right
