not yours warehouse Wednesday hey hey
dude it's pretty well while they're
walking like a low like it's like
Reservoir Dogs or something yeah right
now yeah all right you're gonna be like
that that is the first time I think I've
seen beanie wearing a beanie oh we're
gonna do this week you've got flapoor
frenzy let's go out that you can warm up
for tricks in the flat bar and then yeah
do it no back here and now only no heel
back lip that we're doing now heel back
lip on your back lip after you land the
four tricks you have five minutes to lay
the nollie back heel if you do so you
will get one forced t-shirt of your
choice so now my back heel Lippmann who
accept the charges okay if you fail we
get to shoot the new nerf gun at you all
right which is not saying nothing
because it's like this big so that's not
exciting let's go
you say that every episode never heard
it's getting old that's good
I can we get in life today you need to
stop I know you're not gonna do it on
this one because you don't like good
shakes it's like look at this that is
the best platform in the world what you
dared talk bad about it feel free to do
it on that the loudest flat bar in the
whole world right worse than ever
remember wherever you want be push it
like you mean it like this switch blood
slide switch quad
well that was hard
first try it's pretty good switch stance
backside tailslide SS bsts
ck watch okay bit about spanked you who
warms up with a bunch of switch tricks
it did you're not doing it again
not again yeah do you demoted dee dee
classified warm-up it supposed to be
getting warm
okay switch from plant that's a shitty
that's a shiny shitty you can do switch
the fourth sprigs got your regular has
to be that's hat all right rate that
count you're warming up buddy in your
head you're thrown down like a poor oh
he's freaking got it folks back to hell
big spin he's gonna do it
Oh suppose the big spin the board not
the RAM Guzzi doesn't everybody
well done I appreciate it again is good
you can eat off it's actually really
good I was good works you go do it if
like if there's a trick that I was gonna
do on it this would be the very very
last trick out nollie isida nollie flip
back lips not nollie heel back lifts but
hit the button I'm trying to get to it
man 3 chats I think through your
fighters who you're saying 3 times 3 or
5 isn't that just for and the gold save
it but a be doing three times let's also
another you get two shirts shirts so
hard to forget make this work five
minutes
you just gave away two shirts that's
amazing dude you really did it since I
capped it can I check again you can
clean it up sure gonna clean it up he's
got time to cool my god see because
you're running into me twice in a row
beanie you did good I'm doing
I'm Way too wavy in this videos here's
my face pick out two shirts hey what
size are you
large large well then you're gonna pick
out from the large categories down there
we've got no more never quit
skateboarding see you
that's survive T oh I don't care if you
take one of those wears it they're ever
here the very last one you would take
the last one tell Johnny tell Johnny and
Oklahoma that you have it and he doesn't
I'm sorry Johnny
what's your friend in that one force
dude the I'm Paul the help Steve I'll
take that one for sure
it is a nice like a lot of awesome steer
to make sure look at it though it has
bombs in the word of hills so does that
mean let me put them together that's
somebody's hey dude the epic high-five
to end the video how's the epic
high-five
absolutely in slow-mo yeah
oh how how was your will rear wrist
that's what I'm worried about honestly
fine all right then you're going a while
since I've done a sweet yeah yeah if you
think the ground was like mashed peas
and gravy you just ate it
