Ryden are we in your playroom what did
you just get a bunch of Christmas
presents yeah
do you want to show us a playroom okay
start right here what's right here buddy
oh yeah there's all and there on the
floor why'd you do that
are you okay
yeah here what's in here buddy what's
your favorite skateboard oh well it's
good answer that is not a fridge that is
a kitchen yeah that's your fridge you
cook there what what are those oh really
who's your favorite guy in there oh well
if you had to pick one
no too proud of you a girl a girl
where is that spider-man scar yeah
would you leave these structure of a
potato head what what's this who stole
my diaper
you're silly buddy you what you just be
what I am Jeremy and the jumping guy go
get the big present go get the big
present
you did get a present is this this is
this miniature playset you're gonna
knock it down
don't knock it down no no no don't no
get down let's put it together though
okay are you ready let's do it while I'm
opening this you should go get your
dinner rolls that you threw in the floor
bring him over here
by the way he didn't get everything that
you just saw I'm talking about for
Christmas see you don't get that much
you aren't that good this year we go
you're pretty good though that is April
you do that but this is the big present
and I'm excited to put it together with
you all right are you ready let's do it
oh look at this ride that New York City
oh yeah it is
oh we gotta put all this stuff together
right I'm gonna be honest these
instructions can be easier to understand
but I got this totally gone all right
here's the first piece so we put
together writing just like that it's in
place thank you
so I'm coming along and ride in cannot
wait and he's playing you do pry the man
is Leonardo yeah you're the one they
call him spider-man
we got mom putting on stickers now this
is a full family activity yes you did
I put this yeah you did you did a good
job too yes we do right now we have
olympos Hey
what are you doing mmm oh my gosh
there's ridin where is my head
I think my head's too big for it yeah
we're done and appropriately we put
ridin in Ninja Turtle PJs digit done
don't fall mission successful hope you
guys had a good Christmas say Happy New
Year's ha
Merry Christmas
JLo Merry Christmas just a lot occur no
oh my gosh
all right you've had that that's old why
cuz you've had it for a while yeah we go
well hey where'd you go man get back
down here
