YouTube what's up guys so your parents
would be super psyched if you're a
doctor they'd be proud but and that's
great if you're a doctor or gonna be a
doctor congratulations but who you
really want to impress is your aunt I
don't know why but ants are really
psyched on frontside 180's and I'm gonna
teach you how to frontside 180 on your
skateboard right here right now
I really wish after an intro that cheesy
I had to like something like 90s like a
loaded one eighties with Andy I hope
that didn't make it in the cut but if it
did I'm fine with that that's on the
internet that's great but a frontside
180 it's when you ollie up and you turn
frontside 180 degrees and land and
continue rolling the same direction it's
different from a backside 180 a backside
180 you turn your back toward where
you're going a frontside 180 is where
you turn your front to where you are
rolling to I don't think I've done this
video and if I have and I am sorry
you're gonna get a reversion of it mom I
looked through my videos and I have like
2000 plus videos and I I don't think
I've done it I suck at frontside 180s
and I'm recently after like a million
years of skateboarding I'm like you know
what I've like over the years I've
sucked enough that I actually kind of
get have it down usually this is a very
easy trick for people to learn it's one
of the first ones but if you're like me
this is specifically how I did it so
there I'm gonna go through three steps
to this trick okay first I'm gonna go
through foot placement I'm gonna go
through leg movements and then I'm gonna
go through shoulders okay cuz all three
of those when you add them together
that's how you do this trick before you
try this trick make sure you know how to
ollie that's pretty much the only trick
I'm gonna tell you to learn before hand
a lot of people even can do frontside
180s easier than Ollie's for whatever
reason body's just like to turn that way
when they're starting to skateboard I
was not lucky enough to be that person
but it's good to learn an ollie first
before you learn any of the other Ollie
maneuvers so foot placement you're gonna
want to just whatever you're comfortable
with when the ollie I would start with
that and see how it feels because when
you ollie you're gonna tap slide your
foot up jump up and spin your body 180
degrees okay that's where it gets the
trick you're gonna ollie up and you
so find your comfortable holiday
position there's two things that you
could do slightly different to make this
easier if you try to 180 with your
normal Ollie position and it's just kind
of getting away from your feet I suggest
trying two things first off this foot
right here the back foot I would pull it
in to the inside pocket a little bit so
when you pop it you have the leverage of
your foot to kind of push the board to
complete the 180 and with the front foot
the second thing you can change is
pulling it back a little bit okay so it
helps me because I was always really bad
at these is pulling my foot back and
when I get in the air I kind of pushed
down with my right foot and this gets
kind of in the leg movements when I push
down it brought this one up and let me
guide my back foot to complete the 180
that might sound more technical than the
trick actually is but once you start to
really try these feel your board like
kind of like tweak up to complete the
180 it makes sense
all right so leg movements I pretty much
touch base on it right there I kind of
just spilled into it but I really feel
because I've been terrible district for
so long I really feel like physically
moving the board of my feet is a good
way to look at it so I Holly up and I I
start to slide my foot up and then I
push down which lets me guide the back
to complete the 180 okay so it's almost
as if your legs are going like this that
might have looked crazy I don't know but
uh let's just do I'll just film a few
and you'll see what I'm talking about in
slow-mo
all right so I hope that helped explain
what I'm talking about
you might just be one of those people
that can really Ollie up and 180 easy
and if you are you prop in how watching
this video for knowledge you already
know how to 180 but the biggest factor
beyond your foot placement and how your
legs move are your shoulders okay so
anytime you're spinning in skateboarding
your shoulders are basically the tool to
make that spin happen with a front 180
you don't have to it's not a 360 where
you have to like super wind up but kind
of like maybe like a couple inch I got
an inch or two just like tilt your
shoulders and then when you ollie swing
them into your 180 so there you guys go
that is the three basics to a frontside
180 I'm going to go through them again
your foot placement make sure you have a
comfortable Ollie placement and if
you're gonna do anything different pull
your front foot back a little bit and
then your back foot needs to come inside
to the inner pocket slightly to give you
a sort of torque on your 180 and unless
your feet physically move the board
which is your leg movements okay pushing
down on the nose once you're in the air
which lets your tail come up a little
bit and guide the 180 with your back
foot and then shoulders you have
shoulders and you're gonna use them spin
those shoulders okay once you get
comfortable than Ollie it's really your
shoulders doing the 180 you're gonna
Ollie your shoulders are gonna kind of
make the board follow suit feet
placement leg movement shoulders those
are the three magic steps to a 180 some
things that could go wrong you could
land primo this is the most common
mistake with a 180 I see people trying
it and then it goes primo and they slip
out and they fall and it hurts I suggest
if you're starting to go primo is
experimenting with your foot on like a
latitude right like hang your toes off a
little more and see if that helps me
make it the board level out um and then
if that makes it worse you know just
bring your foot back a little bit just
experiment with it in all things if your
skateboards getting away from you or not
sitting to your feet
Ollie Harger woo
the tail down really fears and then with
your front foot make sure it's sliding
against the grip tape just kind of try
to hold it to your feet better and pop
harder and faster and the other common
mistake with 180s is that you're not
rotating all the way and if you don't do
this you'll 180 and naturally you're
gonna want to just turn back around and
which kind of erases the 180 from
happening altogether when I said with
your leg movements if you push the nose
down a little bit and then with your
back foot guidance this will make the
rotation so much easier because you're
this wheel will hit first and that lets
you just put the front wheel down where
you want it to be so if you're not one
aiding all the way you of course spin
your shoulders more but with that foot
movement is really going to help if you
try to get your front wheels down and
you can kind of turn on them to complete
your 180 when you know how to frontside
180 it opens up a lot of new tricks
first of all it makes frontside grinds
so much easier because you can Ollie up
and kind of move your board into place
and the Smith grind into 50/50 but
especially it makes lip slides and tail
slides so much easier and noseblunt
slides rip slide which is half of a
front 180 tail flush half row 180 and
noseblunt it's half but it feels a
little bit more because you kind of whip
it out a little bit if you don't know
how to front 180 these tricks are gonna
be pretty much off the table with that
said I'm gonna go around this Park I'm
gonna do some front side 180s and tricks
that I couldn't do without a front 180
let's see if my bearing works well it
didn't work that great actually
what's wrong
we have a guest 180 or Justin lon occur
easy peasy thanks Bob
so there you guys go I hope that helped
some of you learn how to frontside 180
with all things in skateboarding you
really just need to go out there and try
it just keep trying over and over again
and watch your skate footage watch the
footage in slow motion to really look at
how people's feet and bodies are moving
and try try try subscribe or die this is
old saying for my channel but yeah if
you do want to see more videos I do them
all the time so hit the subscribe button
right below the video and then you are
signed up to see more it's free and I
have fun doing it so hope you guys enjoy
watching it but get all there are
skateboard that's the important part of
today and if it's too cold well then
play a video game about skateboarding I
don't know go to the skate park there
you go the indoor one that you might not
have darn it I can't not end on a
negative note hit up your aunt she'll
take it cuz you can 180 now so take you
the skate park there we go
I didn't think I did like a triptych a
triptych a trip tip video a trick tip a
video my hands in my shoes and that's uh
it looks funny let me try to 180 that's
really hard don't use your hands use
your feet
