hello YouTube you need to be ready for
anything in life I was way better and
when you throw it all just gets me with
it but YouTube what's up guys so this is
an update video just like the first time
that I've done an update video two weeks
after the last update video which was
originally the plan back in the day you
know like like Land Before Time days
literally the dinosaur cartoon back when
I watched that my idea was to do these
every other week and it's just not gonna
happen but it's happening now and that's
neat my life has changed ever ever so
slightly you know the holidays are weird
every day is different but I've been
getting sleep a little more than normal
several days in the last two weeks I've
slept at least seven hours and that is
weird it hurts my back on the sim laying
there and like I need to get up and do
something it's kind of awesome and I'm
and I get I'm happy about that
Christmas time was awesome Ryden his
face was smiling the entire time that is
an absolute lie he had his moments but
he loved it yeah he definitely enjoyed
Christmas and that is what life is about
when you have a little dude you know you
want your guy to be happy and happy he
was so it was awesome but this is
totally New Year's Kay New Year's snuck
up on us like it's like a week after
Christmas and then boom the throws of
New Year at you and for whatever reason
everyone feels like they have to like
make a bunch of claymation
that's not right declarations they need
to freaking declare some stuff and last
year I had grand ideas all right I was
like I'm gonna write a new book I'm
gonna release an album and I'm gonna I
don't know what I mean just do film a
pilot for a TV show well thanks to
revive and force none of that happened I
was just so busy the whole year that I
just was trying to get by making videos
and running the company so I've you know
of course spent time in the little guy
that's the first priority over anything
but then after that I have all these
plans in life this upcoming year of 2015
is shaping up to be a little different
and I should have a little more me time
so my goal is absolutely still this
might even I just can roll over some New
Year's resolutions and it is to write
another book and then I'm not gonna say
a full album I would love to record a
full album but I want to at least get
this music video filmed for a single
that I've had recorded for a long time I
just need to kind of redo it so those
are my goals write a new book and get
one freaking song out I'm shooting low
here okay cuz my company and YouTube
videos take up enough of my time so
that's a lame New Year's resolution I
know I just like able to borrow last
year's but I've came a long way in a lot
of areas and I'm having like
that's what matters I don't care if I'm
if I've disappointed you in that in that
area I'm sorry because I like to point
you in other areas I make up words a lot
or things sayings it happens in the
revived world things are going good you
know things are slowing down a little
bit after the holidays but that's good
because now we have time to build ramps
I believe we're gonna build a mellow
five stair with a rail going down it
here in shred quarters next and then you
know you never know but we're finally
able to clean up around here and stock
some stuff and it all is well if you're
wondering about boards or shirts
everything's gonna be restocked here in
like the coming month we do have another
big order of boards coming in so it
might be a second on those but
definitely shirts and hoodies they're
gonna be restocked slowly over the next
week or two and then we are about to put
in our spring order so come spring we
have a new series coming out and a new
life line deck so be excited for that in
my series I mean three boards of the
same nature forces going through a
little kind of like a weird phase right
now which I'm not gonna explain don't
worry about it but we're about to get a
lot of wheels in hopefully in the end of
January so they're gonna be restocked
but the spring launch befores might take
a second it might be like a little bit
after like a month after the revive
release on the topic of my companies I
wanted to point out that we hit a
milestone we took our first ad in a
magazine it is this month's Thrasher
which is the February because magazines
are weird and they like to say hey I'm
gonna start selling February is issue in
December in January that it makes sense
right
well it is the February issue but it was
released at the end of December and
it'll be on sale through January I'm
sure and we're totally in it we have a
full-page ad let me find it it's toward
the front of the magazine boom look at
this there we are it's a very very long
front board that I did in LA on the
curved ledge and it was it was pretty
tough but the shot came up awesome Brian
Eames rocked this ad in the store
wasn't about like me being in the the
first ad like it wasn't about who was
cooler or better it was just an awesome
photo and we thought it was really cool
looking so we used it it is kind of
surreal to see you know I started this
company in my basement on YouTube and
now you know we're taking full-page
thrasher ads out and it's just like I
don't know it's awesome I just want to
thank you guys for getting us here we're
gonna keep moving forward you'll see
more ads for both survive and force this
year that's awesome it's thanks to you
you people Rock even the people that are
that sing Christmas carols I'm just
talking at this point you alright so
since I talked about movies and all that
stuff happening last update video I'm
just you tell you what I got for
Christmas as an adult it's just frankly
not as exciting okay especially when you
have a little guy all you care about is
him being happy and Christmas is just
not about you it's boring as that is I'm
sorry it's just not my grandma to this
day makes me tell her what I want for
Christmas I just don't know because most
of the time I can just kind of go by you
know let me buy what I want and if it's
something large enough that I can't buy
at the moment I'm not gonna ask my
grandma for for Christmas it's a vicious
cycle of things that's like I'd say I'm
gonna ask you for things but I don't
necessarily need them I'm gonna you know
it's like it's like what do I do
I just wrote down some videogames I got
Donkey Kong Country for the Wii U and I
got Pikmin 3 which is it kind of rough
because I haven't played Pikmin 1 2 and
I'm totally that dude that needs to play
the first two before it plays the third
one so I'm kind of stuck I'm gonna have
to go order picking one in two and plan
and then it comes to the issue that I
don't have time to play them so I
probably would take me five years to
play Pikmin 3 okay that's the story this
is the Pikmin story of this video either
way I totally have them yeah I got some
other odds and ends my wife got me some
huge Lego set which waltz my go-to ride
but I like building Legos so I'm gonna
be honest about this I love don't let go
so it's like therapeutic like I might a
psychiatrist I would love just to build
Legos and talk to him I'm like my
frickin heart feels this but my brain is
telling me this but can you pass that
three-block right there cuz I needed to
complete this tree okay but Christmas is
awesome I will play Donkey Kong Country
it's an easy one just to kind of play
and enjoy but as far as my life the
beginning the year I'm going to
Universal like right now as you're
watching this later this day I am gonna
be on a plane going to Orlando Florida
and sweet fun I've ever been there gonna
be hanging out Harry Potter and all that
stuff not Mickey because I'm not going
to Disney World but I'm gonna be in
Orlando Universal it should be good and
then I come
Cincinnati next week it's just like a
long weekend kind of thing but then two
weeks later I go to Texas with the Jason
which I probably said last update video
Jason Park and I'm excited for that it's
gonna be fun but that's my life videos
to come I think I'm gonna do a revive
randomness tomorrow and then next
weekend you'll probably get my 2014
shred quarters part or street throw away
parts and then I'm gonna be working on
another Dana life soon and then in
February or March you'll see we are
avenged 50 I just need to figure out
what I'm gonna do for it but I don't
know if this update video is necessary I
need it but I kind of want to do one
because it's the beginning of the year
and I need to talk about resolutions
because I'm a human humans are stupid
and dumb no offense cuz you are one but
you're cool
I'm just kidding but I hope you guys
have a great New Year's even day and
second day new your set - yeah that
should be a thing but be safe have a
good time and I'll be back with daily
videos because that's what I do and yeah
like I said to be in the video always be
ready
that was like corner to temple you idiot
yeah you laughing dude you have any I
like that's like someone took a freaking
like brick and hit me in the side of the
head with it there was cold it was it
hurt it hurt so bad things that Brian's
talking about its dating got me all
goggle ated what was that word
I don't think greatly for no it's
almonds Brian they praline is follow
though sure praline I don't know but
either way it's like that it's people
tell me I'm tried that you training
thought of you're just sending cascade
oh the dance song nothing
