warehouse Wednesday hi my name's come
from the sky I'm gonna letter today
now you know why it is slightly still
chilly in Cincinnati but it's moving
better today Sam Hardy hey how you doing
buddy oh dude you I've not seen you in
forever I have no idea what you're doing
I don't even care what you're doing but
I want you to prove you can still
skateboard so we're gonna do this that's
a challenge take this pace okay and you
got to do three tricks all right all
right you got to prove that you still
flip trick I have a kicker you're gonna
do a trick off it needed to see a flat
bar trick really you can ground your
slide and then a manual trick prove that
you have actual talent on skateboarding
okay cuz I can't do anything I think you
can Daniel was right I'm not sure I
think I've no idea
for every years don't tell us I don't
want to know what you've been doing okay
okay all right all right onward you got
ten minutes and since you have ten
minutes to do this if you do it you get
$10 I didn't prepare for this so I'll
use cash that's a good one okay the
universal gift card be locked out this
time yeah look I thought about it I put
the thing in the door that's good yeah
and I guess you have a minute to warm up
okay one minute hold on hit the button
don't try you man hold on start dude
don't do that minute going minute you
have one minute to warm up trick yeah
that it's tough out the bag okay pop
shove-its are tough one minute
blame oh why did I just agree with you
when you said that it was kind of me
just one minute is not enough time to
warm up but you did it impressive trick
on this that and that real trick you
know you got to go home that you didn't
tell your mom about course yeah yeah
okay so what would shops go first okay
about ten minutes ten minutes ten
dollars oh he's got it I must do that
don't ya hold on that scroll action
needs to happen hold on we're gonna get
there we're gonna do this go boom your
time has come
it's nice down here alright dude yeah
careful man yo I liked it
hey you just showed us a blank cell
phone Ryan what's the time five minutes
ago five minutes it's kind of good
you're looking mighty close to landing
that trick solid I would say textbook
but I haven't seen too many people do
that I don't think there's a book on the
trick it's write the book ten bucks yes
ten bucks let's hit I would say Bryan
Ames was here to give it to you but he's
playing Smash Brothers
hey hey hey remember warehouse Wednesday
that was happening it was happening are
you winning at least oh no yes I have no
idea
scary that was scary
whoa oh okay that was like the most
grand moff all ever I was trying not to
fall and I it was not all right let's
just you go
