I do not want a carwash if I want a
carwash money go to the car wash place
thank you
as I was getting in my car some guy
totally yelled at me for filming at the
gas station because he thought it was
suspicious during that time ironically
enough I was trying to turn the camera
on to film him as he was like kind of
like yelling at me I didn't get to it he
was inside probably thought I was weird
okay so I was sitting here mess with my
camera the whole time it's already
photos weirdo either way the world's
okay buddy I sang at the gas station
we're all gonna survive this day gadget
here you did I got I got it all right
let me get these laws no a couple of
your freaking you are the MacGyver of uh
skate ramps buddy don't get shot how
does it make sense because MacGyver
would make it with like like soil and
right you know like earthly things or
something I don't know but it was
appeared you're a an admiral ackbar
let's go with that
did you get laid anything yeah oh yeah
you're right
we both had crazy 500 Falls yours was
worse oh that was scary
what do you think about that good you're
down one do that one no no no daddy no
daddy
Nathan you said like a two-foot yeah but
not that small Cupid are skateboards 32
inches Polly Steven wants to give us a
two foot quarter pipes I'm saying I
would want to build I've got yes you're
gonna build you want to go to skate a
quarter pipe that's 24 inches tall if I
have one I have one that you guys can
have we just have to reach red quarters
the reality TV show drama all the time
somebody won all right
Ryden wonder where you got that from
don't do that don't don't hit yourself
in the face human war oh oh are you all
right like mosh pitting all right all
right all right all right like a
bluegray droppin it like a Nana yes err
fine
it's like exploded now you got to land
it stay with uncle Brian okay okay the
better question is why you have two
jackets on
cuz it's cold out the song's de c.v all
right all right back up oh yes I'm a
little bored you're the first one with
you for five years ten years we'll come
back
all right look just look at it don't
move the camera and just talk to it I'm
gonna play it I want to play that one
what is it um lens is right here lens is
right here
I'm gonna play just it I got you found
that
