amazing indie ah geez that hear you you
did i'm just getting hitting jean sword
I'm getting friggin rip lashed
oh my god
youtube what's up guys so uh sorry that
was a little bit short again and that's
why I'm sitting here on a couch talking
to because I won't explain the year that
was 2014 but this year was weird for a
couple reasons one that I was off my
board for like four or five months
because I kept tearing my achilles
tendons and that made my weight
fluctuate up and down and then finally I
was like you know what I am I could be
skinnier so I got serious about losing
weight and I lost about 35 pounds
starting in September when I lost the
way it was around the same time we moved
in shrek cars2 when I was skating every
day and I got a lot of my old tricks
back like I feel like a new skateboarder
in a sense and I'm when I was editing
this there's so much footage as I could
have used it was just I did I was not a
fan of like I'm always having fun of my
board but I like progressing and putting
salad stuff together you know that's a
part of what I enjoy in skateboarding so
I'm sorry it was short I even used a lot
of the footage that I didn't really want
to but either way 2015 is a new year for
me and I watch out for those at us
because those would be something but I'm
sorry this is short that's my spiel I'm
done sitting on a couch talking to you
hope you guys had a good Christmas or
Hanukkah or you know if you celebrated
fourth of July now I'm just kind of
weird but I hope you enjoyed it and I'll
be back I have a shred quarters 2014
edit coming out and then a street throw
wave edit coming out so watch out for
those but I'm done I'll uh I'm gonna put
the camera on my cat okay hey we're
leaving say goodbye oh one of these days
are going to talk otter we're gonna make
a viral video and you were going to get
a lot of freaking cat treats goodbye
