Jason Park people i mean honestly who's
surprised that he fell right there well
I am and amped at the same time because
he's a terrific at landing tricks at the
same time he is a wonderful faller okay
as you know I've done so many videos on
this that's the only reason why you
shouldn't be surprised cuz he is a
talented skateboard if you look him up
on alta vista it's weird that you're
still using that search engine but still
probably say that jay-z park is a
terrific skateboarder and that's what he
does but he's also one beautiful faller
i do want to put out that for Jason part
falls usually they're kind of just funny
but this one actually looked like it
hurt especially from the angle and I saw
it and I was at the top of the ledge
staring down and it was like almost in
slow motion like I felt like I was
watching our transformer movie it was
just like hip to ledge
pretty sure there was an explosion it
was like Michael Bay directed this fall
okay and Jason Park did wonderfully a
guy he's like the Shia LaBeouf of this
skate spot just because everyone's
talking about it yes I'm wearing a red
shirt okay I'm dressed up people I got
some social gatherings to go to okay I
need to gather some socials but back
Jason this fall kind of came out of
nowhere like everybody thought he was
gonna land it I did because that's what
he usually does he's lands tricks but
then all sudden boom i like it like the
friggin snap of a bottle rocket he was
falling and of course that means nothing
to Jason part because he just got up and
smiled about and I was like did you
dislocate your hip but no he was all
smiles so I'm pretty sure he could tell
this dude that like half of the country
got destroyed by a bunch of piranhas or
some horrible to rendus thing yeah i
just said to rendus that's not a word
neither's amped but either way he would
cut it you know like I don't I feel like
it would take a lot to make Jason Park
sad he would smile like he finds the
candy canes and all things in life I
made that up like I do most things but
that was a weird that was a weird one
and like ninety-nine percent of all
fridays yes he went on to land tricks
and you've probably seen him because i
did a video on this session recently but
for those of you haven't enjoy a couple
of jason port tricks on this ledge
that's him that's what he does he kind
of owns this ledge because every time I
go there with me does some weird new
trick I mean honestly who slides a board
on there but Jason park is it and then
the dudes though the crazy talented
dudes that don't have legs okay they
kind of do all a lot of things on there
but on a skateboard but either way
there's not a lot of people to do it but
that's it guys hope you guys dug this
fall friday i drew these like every
other friday so in two weeks you'll see
me going on about some other stupid fall
or fun fall or horrible fall you don't
know i don't know because I don't have
one lined up yet but I do videos here
every day so there's a Strad button if
you want to see more for me and how does
it hope you guys had a good Christmas
yesterday and I'll be back in my normal
red shirt I got a red shirt on like I
said like I said calm your freaking
comments people but i'll be back in my
normal attire not that matters i'm gonna
go gay yeah I'm that's what I'm gonna do
me to go Brian you can tape away alright
water I just soaked my camera
well my my my process was like this on
me oh it's still on record too hey yeah
i'm cleaning water off my camera because
that's just because that's Jabbar never
gonna get it and there's bit of it no I
know mm-hmm Jason Park people in there
what's with these noises like he maked
come on
