hey thank you let me in on a problem it
is question-answer time with you think
it'd be you but it's bright names hi so
you guys ask questions for Brian Eames
on my Facebook page and Sam for the
hearty it's not how you pronounce my
name a sim flirty is gonna ask the
questions he's gonna pick some questions
and ask him to buy Dave's hi okay how
many do you think you're gonna be about
your beer I'll cut you all Obama beard
question one is about the beers I never
would have thought here this is a guy we
know Ryan Kuhn have you ever woken up
with a bird attempting to make a nest in
your beard I have not straight and
simple do you think that's actually
happen anybody have not it could be
possible but and as I just on the same
subject I told him that I don't think
anyone else gonna ask that question I
scroll for four down it's a bird making
a nest and Family Guy it is in Peters
beard yeah Tasmin Steffensen wants to
know how often do you skate and what is
your favorite trick I try to skate every
day it doesn't necessarily happen to
play a lot of mean and II play a lot of
games of skate nowadays favourite trick
is kickflip for sure feels nothing feels
better than a kickflip
yeah question 3 gab or tacos he's got
some figures over his a so I don't know
how to say that name cab or tacos when
and how you met with Andy shock oh man
oh I know they answered this he probably
knows it better than I do but I meant
see if you're right Josh Duffy our
friend Josh Duffy took me over to Andy's
house no I need to meet you know
oh no camp her new turn buddy to camp
hurt if grade this Mike is an idiot
fifth grade we were in the same cabin at
a camp that the school made us go to
I'll let you borrow a Guzman's book I
don't know why I don't think I ever get
back but I saw you totally at bigs like
two years later and I was like man I owe
that good which was probably the beach
awesome
that is not a Guzman's book that is a
separate are all signed book of stand
alone also followed up by the Beast to
get your stuff right whoa since I'm not
in the camera this is my this is my
personality gosh Jake Warren wearin
wants to know why don't you like ranch
dressing if you had ranch dressing it's
you correct you
every dude is so gross is creamy rotten
horrible man these french fries
hamburgers syriza yappy puking gagging
disgusting this oh my god is so bad try
putting rings really should not put out
there in the world that you have a
weakness I'm you're right I'm gonna pour
it all over myself in front of you
you've done this before
ooh Robbie oh gosh pilot pollutant ax
wants to know what do you like most
about Jason Park his ways the happiest
person I've ever met in my entire life
he's constant happiness and he is so
talented it's ridiculous like he does
ever anything he wants like we were at
where we're at Venice Beach skate park
360 hardflip down a three block we even
know he's chopping it he just rolled up
and we didn't know he was trying to
ancient did it he's insane
it looks just as good his Falls I like I
like as falls just as much as I do his
skits he's ridiculous dude but you just
want to watch him skateboard don't care
what he's doing yeah he's a nice dude he
is so nice Francisco Cordero is the name
he wants to know if can you late ollie
can i late ollie
I don't think about that how are you
trip and then Ollie probably it's like
what you like yeah I think I could later
ollie
you should try no giant you just don't
cry we're at a skate park right now go
get your skateboard be like
that's what I was gonna do like this but
your stick your knees don't know and
then or is the double jump like in a
video game where you all here because a
nollie again and oh yeah Luigi yeah yeah
Oh Jack Fraley creighton read for names
what have you asked for Christmas oh man
I don't think I asked for anything well
as an adult male you usually ask people
not to get you things yes I told my wife
and my parents to get me nothing for
Christmas because they everybody
everybody always takes care of me
anyways always to the years or so thanks
guy so I don't want anything for
Christmas shoe cold day Candido in three
words describe Andy a weird guy okay
best Shepherd wants to know why you
don't like Mayo it's delicious yes
sister I do not like Mayo because it's
another one of those gross disgusting
rotten horrible things horrible horrible
things should be illegal mayonnaise
should be illegal you know in Europe
that's like like in England
yeah I'm sorry all you UK people I'm
really sorry Megan zip over there yeah
I'm sorry guys but mayo is disgusting I
understand why it's disgusting though I
just like it I think may is the ranch
they got let out in the Sun goodness
it's thinking of that like I'm gonna gag
thinking about Thurman at one time I put
peanut butter and butter sandwich on my
face issue did mid magic game that
remember the last question what I said
weird dude
shoot the whole video where I just try
to make you throw up all right you could
succeed for do you see Doug doesn't tell
us what's in there too okay Ben Bob
wants to know your worst skateboard
injury oh man oh I I broke my ankle and
didn't know it and I thought I sprained
it and then it let it heal and then like
years later how are you doing why should
they care about I spray oh I do a
kickflip or something something stupid
wouldn't you and you caveman or acid
dropped out of the tree into the mini
ramp I did that too I broke my toe that
was way too steep yeah I broke my toe
and I was like on Tylenol three in
California so I could skate wouldn't
when you're in high school everyone
wants to build a mini ramp and everyone
builds them short and steep we're gonna
that's like across the board when I see
yeah like a table what do you ever come
across a mellow mini-ramp just in
general in life we care yet Kari gets
his backyard that's it you scared that
one that was good I'll give anything for
like he knows what it's doing the mini
ramp for the pin the beginning of sorry
like Tom Petty's mini ramp oh yeah oh
yeah but no no vert yeah not enclosed in
vert steve olson they'll do skateboarder
from shorties it wants to know when it
comes to french fries do you like them
straight or curly with ten question
marks like dude I don't know I'm gonna
go straight straight go straight fries
move good you be a straighter Coley's
are great but if they for the rest of my
life if I had to go with the rest of my
life straight but you know curly are
amazing yeah well you got to stick with
you original yeah they're all they're
all about his beard
do you there's the last like ten
questions will you have your shave your
beard
do you shave your beard when's the last
time you shaved your beard you trim it
though right I literally just trimmed he
just trimmed it I just trimmed it so
just now right now literally it just
happened John gu3 wants to know why do
you always bully Sam Taber why would you
not bully Sam Taber it's just so much
fun I do like though I love the guy know
that Sam a lot of times wants that to
happen in the video and he'll egg it on
oh absolutely so I'm not I'm not
meanness am saying necessarily he's got
it coming he wants it it's all in good
fun
we like to mess with each other Sam
messes wouldn't be constantly Bastille
Huguenin
wants to know what language would you
learn if you had to choose one I tried
French again like I try I tried to learn
French in high school and I did not do
well no I put a poor thing
that means I don't know French I don't
speak French I speak French a avec moi
ce soir hi whatever never my French
teacher would ask you something what
decision to say pop which means I don't
know how to say freeze French Charlie to
french roommates to spoke French it
smokes French know they spoke French I'm
gonna skip that one
he's preface it with I know he's gonna
skip me so I did
say awesome all right you know you asked
what it's like in his beard he had
answer right off immediately its I've
seen it so many times what do you find
your baby what gets stuck the most in
your beard well I would sure like this
is not it's not an issue but if you
actually have like a significant growth
any sandwich is a situation talented
dude crumbs like a cheese burger like
hot sauce eg cheeseburger or something
like that
ketchup freaking not mani its mustard
yeah all in the beard ranch I came home
one time when I had a really big beard
and my wife was like sweetheart did you
have soup for lunch and I had like the
biggest like soup trip ever it had been
there for like hours it was like like
broccoli cheddar soup just like huge
drip people you change when you're
walking down the street be rocks long
ride that no one cares about me I don't
you know what we didn't mean to make
your beard such a big thing Brian that's
became a thing I'm sorry okay here we go
Jack Harper wants to know did you have
any hobbies before skating oh I played
hockey a hobby there I got a lot of
hobbies yeah like what other stuff do
you do you know the Eagle Scout you are
an Eagle Scout I am this day I like to
camp I like to hike nice involve you
bold I did bold the book that's not sure
I like to barbecue
I cook cook things real slow for a long
period of time barbecuing barbecuing
that's all I got
thank you for doing this Q&A we'll do
one with Brian later on in the future
again and what we're gonna do this guy
next so watch out for that I can't wait
to do that yeah question you oh yeah you
get to be the questioner I like well I'd
like to be the question guy yeah I need
to get a new mic but uh that's it try
five
got shot my foot off your shoes
and you want to do the after clip and do
it tried you a trick off the the kicker
for sure you know what you know how I
know I have a problem is that I wanted
to kick a shoe at you but I don't have
any because I kicked them all off yeah
yeah I might have a problem
