there you go that is flat ground
skateboarding as best that is Fabien and
not only can he escaped ledges and rails
and daiquiri amazing but he can also
make his board do whatever he wants flat
ground it is impressive and uh I was
actually working on one of these
circular day I stuck a full cab double
flip so when I saw it in his part I was
like I can almost do a trick that fobby
and we put in a flat ground video so I
was psyched but yeah some of the strikes
I'd have liked watching slow-motion
three times before I fully understood
what was happening Fabien isn't talented
dude when you get really good a flat
ground skateboard like this it makes it
much easier to be tech on the ledges and
rails and stuff learn your flat ground
people and if you want to see more from
Fabien the screens about to change and
the bottom link will be him and go over
there and click it okay and then when
you get to his page footage of him
skateboarding will be there give like
whoa dog come on buddy try to film here
but I do two videos for myself so the
top link will be me but mainly check out
Fabien and I'm gonna go hope you guys
have a great sunday or you know if
you're watching this other saw the world
Monday I don't know hope you guys have a
good day and sunday whenever gets around
like whatever sunday hits for you I want
to be good
