YouTube what's up guys so today I'm
putting together my winter skateboard
and I thought appropriately I would come
out here and freeze it's actually a way
warmer than I thought it was but I'm
gonna do it in the cold it's probably
like 40 degrees so that's not bad this
is the pizza man this is how you carry
your skateboard although I've never
great I'm just gonna get there let's go
I think I got a comment that said why
don't you show yourself gripping the
deck which I mean I've done it a million
times so I usually just try to get out
of the way because I don't feel like you
guys need to see it but I'm gonna grip
it out here and it's gonna be annoying
like I should really should have shaved
before next setup video when I'm inside
or at a skate park cuz like gripping on
these rocks is probably be annoying but
whoever complained I'm doing it for you
not complained whoever commented that
was mean alright so we got the brand new
nacho I don't even know this call and I
guess it's called the nacho deck but
this there's a cat series and they're so
awesome JP Cooper killed it this is a
revive cat nacho deck whatever it's
called and any deck with jalapenos is a
good deck so uh this is an eighthinch
I'm skating that we got Orion trucks
these are like this black matte hanger
and I really like them they look really
good we got 52mm in her force wheels
these are Aaron Cairo's I'm gonna be
honest I thought I was grabbing Doug's I
think Doug is the lighter lighter one I
don't know I'm skating Aaron's it's a
deep it's like a deep blue and I felt
like it we go look at that uh can you
see that it's like it literally it's
like a tie-dye series but it looks just
to me it just looks like a like a really
awesome pool on a summer day I'm doing
synopsis blu-rays I usually skate like
the nice ones it's ceramics but I have a
skated these in a while so I'm gonna go
with these and then I got some AM group
group taped on IFRIC I forgot the I
forgot the sticker that's a bummer I
guess I'll just use that sticker
I forgot the sticker cool oh and I got a
I got a pocket full of hardware they
didn't look too beat up so I am reusing
them so I'm not being wasteful gripping
in the cold is one of the worst things
you could do that's gone forever I
really try not to litter but I think I
just did cuz I don't think I'm finding
that again one time we were doing a
video here and we found like a full
animal skeleton over there I put this
skateboard together I'm gonna tell you
guys my first experiences on a
skateboard which if you watch all my
videos you've probably got and
read my book you like know that kind of
spiel about it but yeah when I first
started skating I was a comic book nerd
and all the skateboarders in the area
they didn't like that they were like
wait you're a guy that plays like Star
Wars cards and stuff and I had to like
long terrible hair who's really bad like
long hair doesn't work on me look at
Doug's switch go flipping while I do
this
so I started skating because my buddy
brought a skateboard up to a comic shop
Oh rumble it up all right
I loved it like I'd always loved the
idea of skateboarding as a kid so I
liked it then I had a friend who was
like he happened to skateboard I was
like hey by the way I just started
skateboard man and he was like that's
awesome let's skate together so we
skated at his house like after I learned
a few tricks and the other two
skateboarders they're like gave me such
a vibe they were like now this kids not
cool
so my other friend who I started with
who was also a comic book nerd this
motivated us to like just get good we
were like alright we'll be good
we skate every single day we watched a
bunch of Xero videos like there was two
out at the time towing machine videos
got us so hyped and we went out there
and just tried tricks and within a
couple months whether was it a couple
months we were like pretty decent I
think I noticed like a six down after
like eight or nine months skating i
kickflip something like cap that knowing
I could flip like on the strip and then
after that it was like these dudes like
it was hilarious to see how differently
the trees it's just because we did
certain tricks so I remember
specifically after I kick flip the gap
it was hilarious cuz there's footage of
it on my channel somewhere I like was
recording with my camcorder and they had
these cheesy settings to like say like
my birthday or like vacation time and I
think it's an hour family vacation
like and I didn't know it was autumn we
recorded it so I kick from this big gap
but it just says our family vacation
over it but I was hyped I didn't care
but the next day I think I have tri
kickflip did I tried to varial flip it
because I was really hyped on I could
keep trying tricks I didn't land the
varial flip but uh the next day I went
to school and instead of like instead of
saying anything about my kickflip and
this guy came up to me and he was like
he got like really like whispery and he
was like so I heard you tried to varial
flip it like that he was talking like it
like he was Clint Eastwood like a secret
clean Eastwood telling you things he
didn't know that you shouldn't know I
don't know what I was like I didn't like
I hadn't even talked to this guy that's
much cuz he hated me he didn't like me
because I had long hair and I played
magic cards but from then on it was
hilarious how much they were like oh no
these guys are cool but then some people
I think a few of the dudes at least one
of the guys was quoted saying no they
got good too fast they're not gonna be
good in the long run which doesn't make
sense but you know when you're young you
say stupid things I guess you know what
people of all ages say stupid things if
you're young don't let people make that
an excuse on you a society as a whole
didn't really like skateboarders back
then so we would go to skate spots and
people would just be like hey get your
drugs and your skateboards off my
property and people would be so mad dude
there's this one time I was skating the
spot and this guy just parked his car
and he was crazy he had to be on some
crazy drugs or something and he just
started screaming like like I hate you I
hope you can hit by a car and died and I
like I'm starting this correct guy it's
like a 40 year old I don't know and in
the backseat he has like a five year old
and to me I was like 16 15 at the time
and I was just so bummed and I was like
I literally just loaded the guy was like
you have a child in your backseat and
this is the example you're showing for
him I was 15 so he didn't like that he
tried to think he tried to get out of
the car but I I think at that point
someone else like at the place I was
that came out like hey you need to leave
but psycho guy we experienced that a lot
this is one of the times we weren't we
weren't a good example of no so we were
skating this manual pad on on this trip
that we grew up skating and this lady
instead of asking us to leave she came
out and she just started yelling at us
he was like get a Wendy's she was a
gentleman
she's like said it just like this there
are three cruisers
that way right now like she sounded like
that and we all looked at each other and
like we all the same sense of humor and
we didn't even plan this we just looked
each other we're like yes ma'am did you
hear that man move out move skating away
and we just said I just remember rolling
away thinking like how how dumb that she
probably feel because she probably felt
cool for a second like barking orders at
teenagers I mean really it's probably
she was just an adult she just didn't
know how to deal with it she's like I'll
just yell and I'm like I'm in the army I
don't know but we never did any bad it
was funny because like skateboarding is
the one thing that took kept us away
from all the stuff that people don't
want their kids doing like we didn't we
did not party at all but we didn't party
for the main reason because we didn't
want it to sidetrack us from skating
because we saw so many of our friends
like just get into the partying and all
that crap and then stop skating and
we're like well skateboarding is the
best in the world why would I why would
I do that I want to stay focused yeah
huh-ha synopsis is rad man synopsis
gives you like way more things than you
need you got lubricant you got spacers
you got nuts for your trucks like I
guess they're like you know what
skateboarders they assume this is what
they assume as skateboarders they're
like skaters gonna lose their nuts dude
will you get off their spacer you know
what I don't need you because synopsis
gives me extra spacers you lose all the
spacers I want one time when I was 15 I
went to downtown a light from Riverside
California which is crazy my mom let me
I don't think she understood what
downtown LA it was like but she let me
go like just on a bus with my friend
it's like it was just as sketchy as you
would think taking a bus to downtown LA
we got on the bus this guy was like this
crazy guy go figure he was just telling
me all about how is the homeless people
in the area grab batteries and they have
like a battery money-making scheme we
just thought he was crazy and he like
points out the window and there was
literally homeless dude she's going like
going to a bush and he pulled out
batteries and walked away I was like
like did you hire that guy just so this
story could be credited immediately
after telling it it was crazy I was like
wow you were right dude I didn't even
care to know that story but now I know
it's true there's like a part of me that
would like never forgive myself if I'd
solve Mexican food and didn't put it as
my skateboard last wheel we're almost
done with this thing we take a finger
board all right we be done Jory times
over guys well that's weird
that's the nose that's just weird okay
this is it here is my winter setup I'm
gonna go in and do a few tricks I've got
a lot of skating to do today and my
knees feeling weird so I'm freaked out
but I'll do some basics for you guys
just to test it out and see how it feels
but yeah just to reiterate we got the
cat nacho deck revived 8.0 we got the
Orion trucks with black mat hanger I
love it
we got the Aaron Kairo force footage 2
millimeter wheels we got synopsis
blu-ray bearing and AM group group tape
with some life bolts to boot it looks
nice and I got new shoes I got the I got
a new pair of Swift's on which are the
greatest skate shoes ever the ever
stitch are even better than these but
they're like they're still Swift so this
is a good combo I'm excited to
skateboard and like I said all the
winter line just came out so this deck
and all that stuff is on the shred
quarters calm and in a ton of skate
shops so check your local shop but they
don't carry just ask them to kick folk
tests my legs are thoroughly coated ok
gotta make an excuse in case I miss my
kickflip man cold yeah if you pay
attention to lie pretty much any
presidents you can make up your own
words and it flies those are some blue
wheels dude those are some bright blue
wheels because it so when you kickflip
is like literally looks like you have
blue wheels but the important part is is
that I did kick
my skateboard hit my foot and my feet
are so cold I couldn't feel it so there
we go that front board body varial to
lipslide I haven't done in a second and
that was cool but I slid it it took me a
handful of time sag get it not sloppy
and that this paint holds up really well
there's the graphic is still really
right there so that's cool but it feels
great I've been skating all of these
brands and I can back all of them for a
while now my shoes feel good the board
feels good I'm happy so there you guys
go that is my winter setup thank you
guys for watching this I got to
immediately film another video if you
want to see more videos from me hit the
subscribe button right down below it's
easy it's free you just click it and
your sign up see more if you want to be
notified about my videos hit the bell
even if you're already subscribed
that'll like come up on your phone like
hey and you put a video up so that would
help out and there you guys go thank you
very much the which line is that the
straight course com I'm saying way too
much stuff just go have a good day
that's really what I want you to do
peace out
make out with a dog on live television
