but some guys is in life 29 not only am
i hanging out spider-man envenom I'm
also tired okay is 7:30 a.m. and it's so
early that I'm not getting to wake
riding up before I go to work I'm just
going to work that sucks but hey he gets
to sleep and then I get to see him later
in the day and here is a bagel okay this
is bagel yep
how did that not surprise you bagel I'm
a cat in a window world's not gonna take
me down cool
I love getting in the car and realizing
you need gas
mother gas-station take my money make
you playing honestly because gas prices
are super low these days coffee
breakfast sandwich face to feed it to
that I am officially started my day
let's go let's go to to work alright so
where are straight quarters and it's
actually gonna be a little rushed this
morning one because it's December and we
always have a ton of orders but exciting
day because we get to pick up some new
ramps for our little skate area skate
park area and I got to go do that
between 10:00 and 11:00 so I got really
get my portion of the orders done which
is just filling out notes like packing
slips and stuff for you dudes at least
the people that order things from us
those those dudes and dudettes you know
I'm not leaving out the ads you're doing
a date ellipse in it that's that's right
I told you yesterday I remember that we
were talking and then yeah I like to
think the my my voice time hey you're
here so literally I just entered work
and I started filling out these right
away but Brian I feel like we should do
something fun because you want to see us
do something fun I got thing I gotta
grade yeah I will shoot a wheel out of
the bazooka at you and then you bat it
like a baseball with a skateboard right
next to the popcorn why wouldn't it be
warehouse baseball I want to be honest
after December my hands going to fall
off I sign a lot of these notes everyday
just thank you guys for all the support
I just you know if you see me with
analyst one day it's like oh it's my
fault
Victor vector de la Luz you're my dude
William I sell you rock
mark boosts Annette I love you I might
just love you orange nutritious super
nutritious super good
Andrew freaking she he you rock thank
you and you're wearing a cool shirt
today dude I like it that didn't work
kind of feel like Brian aim as I do that
alright but I'm going to bye buddy
Garrett's house to pick up some ramps or
help him load them into his truck he
actually uh you seen him on one channel
here before but he made them for us
we're gonna bring him here and test him
out
go uh prettiest man in red you made some
rhymes for us yeah
I don't love them oh yeah I'm very
excited with this truck loading time
yeah
heaviest thing I've ever lived in my
life I cannot wait to this just in the
warehouse and done with cheers of that
here's to that
Gramps loaded we are gonna take these
back to the Shred quarters and test them
out which is the funnest part of all
this ramp time unloading a ramp time
that's really what I'm trying to say man
just a lot occur pretty good man he had
revived shoes Brian and you looked what
are the odds of the memory revived shoes
first my very slim I'm gonna be the
first person who already hold this that
was fun right this thing's gonna be
killed
yeah I know dude any idea how hard we're
gonna fall in this thing have a sandwich
oh thank you yeah
have a sandwich Oh comes with a giant
piece of wax oh you brought something
last time we've actually worn it down -
all right before we skate and test the
stuff out it's it's lunchtime you have a
sandwich here there's a pesto on here
you should told me that was the best one
I was like that's what Garrett's getting
I'm going for it all right you
appreciate me we're gonna taste it
great testes out a skateboard
it's
I'm going to film you right now money
change video games I tried the power
sudden stop I do but I'd shoot the wall
board
thank you for the ramps oh you're
welcome here my pleasure
you get over here oh hi thank you for
coming visit me okay so how do you two
look it's the best thing ever here in
this little voice and see him run up
you're picking your nose for YouTube we
have a new ramp you want to skate it
we're all right spread your feet out are
you eating you usually eat healthier
well you are you having tomato right now
about how we help me print some orders
so we go through there and get all the
shipping rates okay there's a really
cool button over here that helps watch
this boo back to work back back to work
basically felt like I've played all day
today so it's good that I'm actually
doing order this Steven all right riding
Josh Cisneros he's just getting an
opener come here to decks another set of
wheels concrete city skateboards you'll
see me not gonna straighten up a little
bit around here hang out my little guy
and gets work on we're of inch 49 which
better have been released by the time
you see this video than a Star Wars game
that's Tuscan Raider give a Tuscan
Raider on your team what thank you for
help out with sticker babe clean in the
disc oh yeah
alright so now I'm basically just
sitting here we're gonna wear revenge 49
I hope I can rock this out because the
better I do right now the more free time
I have later on tonight so I can
actually exist and have a life
oh yeah we can play this buddy
I'm afraid you should try this green
pipe success whose Mario's brother
the Ouija that kind of sounded like work
and we began the bigger gases we did
beat the cancer buddy can you do a pop
shuvit so babe on this thing especially
that's the way in these boots well I
like how you you're holding your purse
throw the lights on since you're clearly
gonna do it Oh was it simple the cutest
outfit to ever do a pop shuvit that was
it white pop shall become your mom a hug
hi that was really good attack thank you
alright well that was a fun family
skateboard sesh we're gonna head to
malls which is uh my mother-in-law's
house good job on the pop show good pop
shove it is she was a little pop shop
dish but Kevin if he's in the mud
all right so I'm at my in-laws house I
have to mail a contract to a limo
service I'm taking my wife out on a hot
date this weekend and we're gonna rent a
limo for the first time my life so
that'll be fun but then I'm off to an
indoor skate park to skate with Sabre
Justin Ellison and Thomas I haven't
skated with those guys in a little while
it's been a pretty crazy day like I had
a lot of stuff that I need to get done
to shred Korra's and I wanted to set
those ramps so I'm really thankful that
my family came to me to hang out with
them because that's pretty much the only
time I got to hang out with them today
but they were there for a long time and
they're here so at least I got to see
him I'm gonna go fax this to the friggin
limo people faxing time wah wah wah wah
you use it buddy I gotta go to FedEx and
then skate
oh yeah why are you at effects because
it works you jedis down I probably won't
see you tonight you'll be asleep okay I
love you I'm gonna come in and kiss you
and bug you while you're asleep okay all
right so yeah boom I gotta get a FedEx a
faxes as quickly as possible and then I
have to go to all the Easter skateboards
so let's get a roll on
alright let's go do this sorry if you
guys thought you're gonna go with me but
I promise you it was not that exciting
to Ali's skate park J hunt what's up
buddy you guys ever want to see a member
of the forest team just come to Ali's he
works here like two nights a week yeah
there you go he skates this place even
better than he works oh hi hi hi I've
got a 3-foot vidi-vidi in a while since
an tambores mean I stopped filming this
right roll with me roll with I haven't
tried this this last winter this is the
night sandpaper Sam is the man and Stan
rhymes with plan frozen ham
Oh daddy
they did it's a little windy will but
I'm so happy that was probably five
tries except thanks for watching my
channel hope you guys enjoyed that
receipts quick you got this dude what oh
don't move my move you got this man was
faking
man you got that boy if I had two things
say about that it'd be like got that all
right well we got that I like the media
gorgeous we're leavin dude good
skateboard you're just laughing is that
all you're gonna do is laugh at YouTube
alright we're done look funny guys
we're leaving they ready to eat some sky
line just for us for black ninja yeah
sky one I know that's why we reading it
form this here Jason is all been engaged
I'm at before you he's engaged people
this is this is probably 200 through for
YouTube but yeah fancy guys did life 29
done
I would keep filming but ridings not
awake which is a bummer I can't hang out
with him a lot tomorrow but Scott home
Morgan so I'm done here what did you do
do something on my head but that's it
goodbye at your punch
bought a Christmas wreath two days ago
and the transaction that I said we may
be omitted
