youtube what is up guys this is an
update video and have you ever
considered a real-life pop-up ad right
there instant advertisement it really
that wasn't a cool way to start this
video but I'm really not putting much
thought into anything is happening right
now but what's up guys is an update
video it's been a little while since
I've done one of these so here i am
doing one of these right now because
it's been a while but i'll get right off
to it and talk about my life my life has
been naturally crazy and busy like i
always say but I mean last time David do
I probably told you that I was getting
more sleep okay like it was getting
better look throw that out the window
because that is not the case anymore
I've been getting like four hours of
sleep a night on average like sometimes
less it was like three it's been about a
month since I've gotten six or more
hours in one night and it sink its kind
of sucking honestly but it's a good
problem to have because i'm busy because
the revived and force has been getting
so much support you guys are doing
holiday orders and i'm here like 7am
with brian ames prepping for the day and
getting all these packages ready so
thank you it's a good problem i'm not
complaining i just would like a little
more sleep in my life but since
christmas is right around the corner
it's gonna get like that last night i
got five hours and 45 minutes boom
that's me so it's a busy life but
January you gotta come in buddy okay cuz
I'm going to Florida for a getaway
weekend with the wife and then I'm going
to Texas to skate with major crew and
forces taking jason park out there too
so me and Jason or me skating with major
crew next month you know what I'm on a
play not be playing video games that's
what's happening I'm gonna enjoy myself
when I'm on those planes it's gonna be
amazing I would have dinner up the video
and say tymoss a popular youtuber and a
skateboarder and a good dude gave me a
shirt he sent me a random red shirt
Eva's no sleep team thing that he's got
going on and ty I was super nice you
dude okay I mean if you're gonna paint a
picture of appreciation it might be my
face because that's how I feel right now
I say it's a pers you to face and that I
have but you sent me a large or
extra-large or something it's like
wearing a snuggie dude there's that with
us however of snuggles it's like one of
those things that just blanket you so by
all means ty you're awesome thank you
but I don't know if I'm gonna be able to
rock this to my videos so I'm gonna do
something with okay I'm gonna put it up
on the wall or make a video out of it
i'm gonna say ty thank you here's what i
did with your shirt so aside from busy
lives and free shirts i totally smashed
my hip in fact I didn't smash may have
just wants to smash it like a million
times both of them I'm walking around
like I got tennis balls on my butt the
side but when everyone i call it and
letting the other day I
really smashed it to the point where
like it kind of sucked to walk i was
playing bright name is game escape which
I want they fled a noble games no it
don't you that game you did not I do
dairy we got ed I did the varial double
flip you did you beyond that but he
played a noble game ok I'll give him
that and uh either way I'm at some point
in that game I fail delivering a final
blow to my hip and I white like it I
wish I had a picture to show you but I
kind of gotta get naked to like fully
show you what it looks like so unless
you're like my wife you're not gonna
believe see this okay so I'm sorry
imagine a hip coming off of the hip okay
I was I was the 22 hip on one I was the
three hip guy in case what I'm saying
and when dudes are hurt they're not
smart enough to actually stay off it so
I'm probably gonna skate today and heard
it more the magics of being a male is
you can just continuously do stupid
things when you know better stop zooming
in on me but in the revived enforce
world of things been going pretty
grandly as you guys know we had a huge
holiday launch and that's been a lot of
fun minus the fact that it prevents me
from doing anything else in my life but
things been going awesome we're gearing
up to plan for the spring launch and I
was actually designing some boards today
so that's pretty cool revised gonna chug
it along we have a new life line coming
out in spring they will be psyched about
and then we have a new series and that's
all I'm saying and it's just so weird
dog with his aim but we actually ordered
so many products that it was inevitable
that something was gonna get screwed up
okay right brand names yes always
multiple things got screwed up this
being one of them doug has details new
pro deck this is from the wac series of
him and aaron is one is awesome it's
beautiful you look at you like i would
like to skate that okay and I fact
you're gonna be sitting there really
like if you buy this you'd be sitting
there like I've cut depressed because
you want to skate the spot that's on
your board look at that ledge but we
didn't get all the sizes in for black
friday well we just received them okay
like as I filmed this video we just we
just literally just received them so on
the sort midnight you'll be able to grab
this deck in all of the sizes so it
along with some other x-rayed and sizes
basically go on to the store and check
some of the decks that you wanted that
were sold out and we might have meant i
never got some new x-ray sizes and then
we got dug this entails ready for your
taking but force we had some speed bumps
okay like it force wheels was driving
down the road of life and you know you
see the rabbit you like do you don't
want to hit the rabbit okay and then the
story don't worry the rabbit didn't get
hit but I'm just saying there were some
rabbits in the road and we had to dodge
them and then finally the rabbits are
here safely
what did I just say ah but no a lot of
force graphics didn't make it for the
holiday launch on black friday so I'm
gonna go over them we made the slash
graphics which is like the classic
standard force graphic we made my white
wheels and I think I'm going to redo it
i'm going to put like a black background
even on the white wheels so if you like
this really standard / look to it on the
white wheels um grab them because
they're gonna be different next time we
get new wheels but every single size is
a different color this is the 50
millimeter which is blue and then you
can go on the store spread quarter
destroyed quarters calm and look at them
all we also got the new convex graphic
in this is in the geometry series you
see if I can get you a good oh it's like
the shirt if you know the convex shirt
boom and then we got more sizes of the
slope graphic which is also in the
geometry series so everything I just
talked about the Doug graphic the x-ray
suit sizes and all the force graphics
they're gonna be coming out tonight at
midnight and I'm sorry we didn't get
these early enough to order for
Christmas but hey you got Christmas
money boom they're there for you okay
and we got a good amount of this stuff
so uh you don't have to panic we're
gonna have it for the next few weeks for
sure so that's stuffs coming out tonight
at midnight people have you seen the
freaking trailers didn't coming out like
Jurassic world okay one dinosaurs I
don't know why there aren't more movies
with Dinosaurs probably cuz Jurassic
Park did it the best to begin with but
Jurassic world's coming out okay I dress
part for whatever you wanna call it the
reboot and it looks amazing okay you see
Chris Pratt in there you're like doing
Chris Pratt's a good dude I trust this
guy to save me from a freaking dinosaur
and it looks really cool so I'm so
excited to see dinosaurs on the big
screen again I'll be there day one watch
that trailer if you haven't already and
then the Star Wars trailer yeah if
anyone is talking trash to the Star Wars
trail there's probably project shouldn't
because it's amazing even riding was
psyched for it like we got there and he
was a consider my lap and he was excited
I bouncing up and down excited to see
the new Star Wars and I'm gonna be
honest I wanted to cheer up I was like
this is a moment my son and I watching
new Star Wars and I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna watch it in the movie theater with
him eventually and it's gonna be amazing
we are pumped oh it's perfect it's hot
salt and then actual movies that are out
I've talked about guardians galaxy while
I came on DVD and I bought that today it
was like one of those no-brainers you
know they were had I like a combo
package of sour patch kids and freshly
cooked baked
I would buy that I would even think
that's what I did with your Galaxy i
just bought it sitting in my house I
should probably watch it but the hobbit
totally just came out and I need to see
it hopefully I've seen it by the time
this video goes up because I'm filming
it on Wednesday like when it cut came
out but I needed to go see my dudes Fan
fighting some dragon okay smog you're an
idiot I'm gonna watch you be an idiot so
I'm excited for that it's been an
awesome year for movies but next year's
gonna be mean to be insanity because you
have Jurassic world star wars and the
Avengers 2 okay if that's not a trifecta
of tremendous nasai don't know I don't
know what is there's not a phone at all
so that's about it guys I just want to
talk to you about things are going on
inside my head I'm super busy i'll try
to do these more often I you know
ideally I do these every two weeks but
I've been not doing that at all so i'll
do another opportunity when I can but
also i forgot to tell you that i did an
interview over on Nigel alexander
channel Nigel's an awesome dude like I
like Nigel and he was nice enough to ask
me to do a stats on his channel so if
you want to see that I'll put it down on
the info and go check it out and if
you're not subscribed Nigel you should
probably hit that button because nigel
is amazing and he puts very legit skate
contd out the videos to come I'm i have
a new day in the life coming out
tomorrow and i am panicking I don't know
if I'm gonna be able to get a little
Christmas prank video together like I
just don't have any time I haven't had
any time all month and I gotta have
someone to film it with me so I'm really
hoping to put a little small me act like
an idiot in public for Christmas like I
always do but if you don't see one this
year I'm sorry I will have more prank
videos next year for sure that is like
something I've been fighting for but
bear with me people okay I'm working
really hard i'm trying to do it and you
know of course got to spend time with my
little guy that's the most important
thing to spend time with my family so
stay tuned for more stuff to come and
i'm gonna go i'm gonna drink some of my
revive water let's put over brian and
brian take it away okay
that's like the worst thing ever it is
red potato chips are meeting
the metaphorical road of force life time
in this revived water which is probably
already a product somewhere is it
revived water I'm drinking this for the
rest of the video I'm that maybe might
not make sense but then they do if you
do make sense to into the in me sounded
very weird I should probably say that
again but this is my life no this is an
update video got that completely
backwards youtube what's up guys um you
know what I'm yeah that was every sound
that you did not want to hear fotos que
everyone in the whole world gets to see
you shooting photos minus the fact that
you're not shooting footage right now
good job easy how many critics if there
are critics on I'm stupid I'm done I
meant to have done I'm edit the meds i'm
done i said i'm stupid there's no
critics on online oh I know Brian won't
you get super serious about this k chiso
Pete's
