warehouse Wednesday a line line pine
well did Eddie a because this your
seriously the point is is that we got
new ramps we did get new ramps narrow uh
get hit each one of them in a line
that's what's called longshot I mean
something I mean we ramps are they uh
you got three new ramps will show them
to you okay look at my fingers if you
win it you win a subway gift card
ooh you French for your birthday
apparently and just to make things up
more exciting I'm gonna be messing with
a guitar while you while you do your
line you would I'm gonna be rolling and
playing the guitar next year okay are
you ready for this alright for this you
got let's give him let's give the
standard ten no I'm gonna give you five
yeah you're dressed like me most that's
a guitar thing that would've go with it
a liar because you do the buggy go y'all
thank you for letting us in Jordan
hunter yeah right Alex ramp one we have
this that lets us skate this like off a
curb like we have the rail set up okay
and that's one now we have to wedge
ramps so you can do trick into there
okay and then finally we have the
massive barrier Grim Reaper whose slash
wall ride yeah so you can skate it in a
versatile format but right now we have a
grind
- wall ride set up let's see it not much
of a wall rider but I know I saw that
online I googled your name and and said
you're you're a sucky wall writer but
the thing is you get to a line and hit
all three of these obstacles five
minutes five minutes of doers don't
high-five me even done anything yet you
don't even deserve a high five but
warming up no warming no warming ah how
you do it you can do a hardflip right
now you got three tries your flip
or a good warm-up to more it is standing
still is the craziest part about this
well that hurt that had to warm me up a
little bit
Alex go
Brian got in the way he ruins all the
day
alik sucks
disappoint some point get is some point
Iron Maiden you're supposed to be our
baby are you ready some way cuz I'm not
you are though it's not your birthday
and you got a $15 gift card subway
because you said your birthday on it I
don't even know where I put it though I
have it now it's a happy birthday gift
card let's go over the new revive water
cooler there you go
yeah this is new - why don't tell me
about that you have Zealand it happened
right now it literally happened before
this so here just show yourself I can
play the trooper angry man where else
was that need where else was it yes
so fancy
I wasn't even gonna do it until you came
at me but your faces prices we're slo-mo
in that natin classical music
