give a brand-new skateboard yes I do a
brand-new Doug Doug just tells the light
you're gonna shadow you're the shadow
come on bring it into the light Doug
just tells 8125 there you go Doug he's
skating you are the floors outdoor park
and I'm gonna be honest my pants are a
little tighter than normal I mean
they're not like girl pants but they're
to the point where out how this skate
session is going to go we're gonna
skateboard ride rockit I'm gonna start
telling you to be in a spot at 8am sir
so you're nothing hopefully an hour then
totally an hour late tell that to your
job and look at that hair flowing one
does to tell my gosh don't talk to me in
that voice ever thank you for filming
now I'm gonna go film Justin longer hey
you're also you're on a mission today I
am it's allowed to be in a YouTube video
ok cool spark footage because i want it
i want to put it in a youtube video
I mean you did it it was weird what's
weird little early but I liked it people
boardy you getta just try it on the big
real i found the big girl getting too
fresh where you go for the girly okay
let me warm up on it yeah you're an
idiot rail first try 50 it's a scary
trick rail trigger a rail trick any
fakie trick you doing this is good
anyone Spanky pump I was it yeah it
looks like you just like you're like a
concrete I'll make out with you oh I
just knocked the wind out of myself you
like blow up
no on your face and you got up and
landed it that's how you do it he's
walking away I'm just gonna leave grab
let's go
oh all right yeah put my heel there Udo
dude your nickname should be Justin I do
the tricks everyone else is afraid of
Milan occur my trial get along they came
though yeah what nicknames must be short
yeah Justin huh longer okay that's what
you are
