warehouse Wednesday he's really far away
he's running away from me you don't need
to run I'm not gonna hit you with it I'm
just carrying any kind of should Sam
Tabor yeah but also Richy Jackson
that's right could we get a montage
Versys face real fast Ritchie dropped an
NB d-trix app ok alright you can get it
on your iPhone yeah uh and I want to do
you have 10 minutes to do one trick and
if you land it you get a committee trick
on there anyone tricking program okay go
how a new is good hahahaha I liked it
would that happen he's so mean to you oh
like it's like hey welcome to Cincinnati
let me beat you up it is like nerf guns
uh what else has he done to you
maybe it is cold in that torpedo
all right so Ritchie zap NBD tricks is
something that like helps you try to
come up with nvd tricks and obviously
since it's kind of like reorganizes
words or create tricks not everything is
going to be an actual NBD but it's a
good way to learn personal enemies and
we're going to put saver to the test if
you guys want to get this app it is on
the Apple Store Ryan you are a gray dude
right NBD tricks I'm gonna come up with
a trick okay well do ten you have 10
things to skip you got it hit the button
right now and I'm gonna go backside
boneless to fake well that's it easy
yeah that's been done yeah husband will
do it let's just see it will just keep
you Hugh in and we'll just keep going
you're gonna skip a backside boneless to
fake
yeah have you seen my Muslim that was
this is like just find the mate I don't
care you're skipping it that's fine you
could you just blew your chance to land
the trick fakie nose slide Barry oh
he'll do that no skin - skips are you
all skip yeah if you have 10 skips but
you used to backside nollie front-foot
no fakie pivots tall you could do that I
just let go up yeah come on
so you're gonna roll fakie okay I'm
gonna go like this
I'm coming back down I've been done and
just had it's been done a million times
you got nine eight and five minutes
lookie there
was that it you freaking did it you did
it we're gonna keep going because I
wasn't exciting enough thankfully not
exciting at all no not at all thank you
Kevin stone yeah well this thing on a
bank was all right a quarter pipe no not
that that makes it weird when there's
drought that no not see these no comply
no slag to five oh I don't know how
pretty sure that's never been done 502
nose manual you can do that uh I don't
know I'll try how do I know how we're
gonna do it get the Box kinda just want
to watch him try to push this thing
across them where
six minutes left for grants I think you
can do it maybe this is a personal NBD
Oh hit me
geez what's the time limit oh he's got
two minutes and 15 seconds really look
like he's gonna roll into your arms sure
man she rolled into a hug all right
you're gonna do one more cuz I'll ask
most sloppy yeah I suck I sucked
backside pressure flip where the spine
you had it you could do this money where
your mouth is you actually can
well you did it alright let's just see
if Brian says that you deserve a present
I Brian is very it was a very vague
warehouse Wednesday I was still the Trix
all right yeah those are something we
had something for you part we'll go get
it come on take your beer go somewhere
hid my beard beard Brian oh it's all
wrapped a nice setup on a dress trash no
it's one of those things that's not
actually what's inside they say these
are some heavy trash man I think you're
do you like this though if it's trash
bag gonna be awesome it's a trash bag it
actually is trash bags it's trash bags
this is a dress right you have a trash
bag crud we know that there were trash
bags inside congratulations not now or
sealed shut that almost ate it all
stayed up there
I'll change it we thought we were giving
you use crappy wheels and got new trash
bag putting them to use
you
