you too what's up guys so what I'm doing
right now is I'm standing here with a
skateboard but this is not just any
skateboard okay because this skateboard
has freaking lights on it totally has
lights on it Tayler burly it was nice
enough to make this for me it kind of
felt like Donatello from the Ninja
Turtles okay it's obviously kind of like
a DIY thing
Taylor burly is a genius behind this
he'd make he got the kit and stuff and
put it on there and I'll show you how it
works cuz you could actually change the
colors or whatnot I'm gonna tell you how
it works and then I'm gonna skateboard
on it and I will kill the lights and
hopefully the lighting looks pretty cool
so you can really see how much this like
displays on the ground and whatnot but
it's awesome I'm excited let's do this
video you sent me this control watch
this boom alright so that turns it on
and I got all these different color
options I can go red of course green
blue freakin white I can make it flash
all these different colors I can go like
orange all these different colors I mean
like I can do anything and then I can
make it brighter I can make a dimmer I
think see I guess you can't really tell
it is going darker in lighter and then I
could strobe it kinda I guess it's a
strobe it sets throw but it might be
different say two settings but basically
it gives me different options on like
different like a bunch of different
lights all at once so this is awesome
this is freakin awesome I'll go red
let's skateboard on this thing plus of
the lights and make some pretty awesome
skateboarding light shots
so that was awesome I like I knew this
is gonna be fun but without I had way
more fun than I thought I was going to
do with this it was a little tough to
skate because of the weight of the
battery on it but I mean it's enjoyable
like I none of those tricks took me too
long and I just want to say another
thank you - Taylor you are a nice dude
thank you for hitting me up to do this
and just a heads up you guys he's
actually doing a contest where you can
win one of these it's on Facebook and
I'll put it right down there he has a
whole video of how he made this exact
deck on his channel so I'll link that at
the end but if you want a chance to win
this you just got to go to this Facebook
photo would like and share it and then
just kind of like a chair as electric
creations Facebook page as well so it
gets on net people this is awesome and
it's really really fun Thank You Taylor
and that is it let's go uh do you want
to punch trashcan I will at the end or
let's put how much can the proper amount
of crap is going to go everywhere - so
we'll put this at the end of the ramp
and I'm gonna get a running do you want
to do it you filmed I want you to have a
spotlight no my might oh man
Oh your toe yeah we can't use the other
toe you like no I'm right foot it man
you have 9 of mickhead
that would ruin a lot further than is
gonna do we ran out of warehouse that's
how far it went think up I'm not skating
tonight hurt I'm like you now thank you
thank you for filling just a problem
yeah that sounds good I'll be there
around six I might grow my beard out
beforehand I thought maybe I'll shoot a
warehouse Wednesday it cooks the meat
let's cook some meat real fast
reds and then we'll watch the game and
then maybe complain about Andy he'll
made me drink a soda I don't know
you
