was just holding it audio sucks it's not
gonna say good character we will be
unhappy you watch us sure everyone
Hawaii happy all the time
we're not going to be a will we are not
going to be had listen SquarePants we're
gonna be happy no matter what all the
time
duck that is another case duck okay
duck I'm gonna do it then I'm gonna do
it and you guys are gonna be wrong I'm
gonna slap you okay firm force non
excessive thank you
okay so due to race did Rachel
oh I just want I just want to thank Josh
Hawkins for giving me permission to
steal history he did it way better have
you seen any clues clear right there
right here right here those are not the
clues we're looking for
yeah yeah
I could rub your shoulder yeah why you
know oh it's raining it is raining Oh
clue I get that hey could you do a
backflip somewhere so we did a trick
here you got this oh we did something
productive now oh these people just
looked out their back and just saw
someone upside down
keep your eyes peeled keep your eyes
peeled we'll get here okay I'm healing
alright try to put on more sunglasses I
have a couple good youtube what is up
guys so there are some bonus clips from
we want revenge 266 we aren't revenge
okay every single episode we filmed so
much so we have extras clips enough for
someone else to channel some on my
channel and here is this video I love
random clip videos to me they're just
really entertaining and remind I don't
know skateboarding and randomness just
go together so hope you guys like that
if you haven't seen the actual episode I
will link that at the end it was a
really fun episode in Hawaii and some
really talented skateboarders are in it
so check it out but I do I want you want
to take a second just to talk about we
are avenged in general it used to be my
most successful series now where else
Wednesdays do way better but a lot of my
skateboarding videos especially this
time of year just aren't getting out
there like YouTube is really strange
because my views all-time high right now
I would I say view is I mean my overall
views for my channel my all-around views
have just actually nothing but gone up
but then as YouTube has changed over the
last few years like certain videos get
views like way after they've been
uploaded or I get hit in the face by a
bow and arrow it's just it's a weird
complex thing it's frustrating to see
the skate videos just kind of flop
immediately so cuz that's what that's
what a level of skateboard which could
be a number of things but if you look at
all
other skate channels it's definitely
something weird going on with
skateboarding content online but if this
is something you're interested in guys
let me know like let me know what type
of skateboarding videos you like to see
we are revenge is like just a cheesy
skit series where like has a storyline
but there's a lot of like editing and
montage music skateboarding a lot of
people around the whole country are in
it it's a lot of fun and I love doing it
but if people aren't gonna watch it and
would rather see other videos I want to
know but like I said go check out the
new we aren't revenge at the end of this
and I just want feedback so let me know
in the comments below you guys have a
great day I do videos here all the time
and I've gotten videos all weekend so
hit the subscribe button right below if
you want to see more from me and that is
it thanks for watching dudes and
dudettes button bow and arrow holders i
know you do
we'll hit YouTube with a bow and arrow
well you back it right here you do not
know how to do it I feel yeah I'm just
kidding I know huh alright you guys have
a good day well see you soon see you
tomorrow no it's Saturday tomorrow
I really keep myself all right let's see
it huh
well you did redeem yourself
good job I meant hit the camera iron I
do that I don't know because you're a
schrock and we do dumb things like that
we go we get hold of the people good job
that's good that was a good thing to say
I love you right in here don't actually
I think that's the way you're supposed
to hold a bow mr. Bratt well yeah when
you're should never mind
