oh my gosh gosh wow that was amazing
I wouldn't even watch on the camera I
was just watching you Eric Kinslow
congratulations you are alive for a
moment there and somebody thought that
you might not have been because of that
torpedo of a skateboard would have came
down on any part of your head you'd have
been just dunzo okay imma just skating
you'd have been done with so many things
like you probably wash your hair that
night you would have went on that date
the next day okay you just would have
been done you'd been like 11 crayola
crayon I got broken half vs. cuz you
know that happens and frisch's big more
whatever restaurant you go to they did
they break crayons so Eric henslowe was
almost a broken cran but he did he
succeeded it not dying which is a plus
because I like Eric Winslow he's like
one of those dunes and I'm like you know
what you're a funny dude and I'm glad
your life now that I think about I don't
actually tell people that I'm glad
they're alive as often as I should it's
a Brian I'm glad you're alive buddy
thanks bud yeah that's right Brian's
kind of like the mr. Wilson of this
video is always right there but
seriously that is a horrifying moment
everyone has it when they're this caper
flies in the air and you're like it is
above me and I have no idea where it's
gonna land oh my and somehow my whole
entire life the board has never struck
me like in this instance just how Eric
got lucky I've been lucky my entire life
and I'm happy for all you people have
not gotten hit congratulations we're
friends and all the people that have
gotten hit I'm so your friend but you
know like we're in different circle and
you're like a more manly or circle than
me because that was something to take as
a war wound my friend but of course as
every fall friday goes and did not stop
Eric for landing it he got up and he
jumped across the gap you landed rolled
away and you're about to watch that
right now
yellows did a blog to Frankie right I'm
coming dick good job I tried you the
book bag after what you want but I was
investing yeah congratulations Eric
you're not dead and you and your trick
is just a good day I hope you went to
skyline afterwards got some friggin food
ok we're graeter's ice cream Island
we're ever gonna go I hope you went
there and reward yourself and if not I
will so next time you're with me like
Andy buy me something I'm like you know
what I'm gonna buy you something cuz
you're a double doer yeah you freaking
survived annual and do your trick but
this is actually from a video over on
Sam's channel they were filming in Ali's
edits and I believe he posted it so I go
over to sam's channel the links right
down the info and check out the full
edit of Eric and Sam goofing off at
Ali's it's always a good time with those
guys and that's just it i do fall
fridays about every other week so in two
weeks and see another fall friday for me
i hope you dug this one and do videos
every single day so stay tuned subscribe
if you're not already subscribe to me or
I don't know do something go watch the
Discovery Channel it's fascinating
either way I'm gonna go and I will see
you guys tomorrow Brown aims take it
away wait wait you shoot me yeah we hit
the lens ready 123 wow did you get out
it here got it did you do it and it will
slow mo it
done skating you'd have done if I
wouldn't eat any private dude its air
that was perfect that was it was natural
Oh perfect doing right here right here
good perfect I know I felt it Brian I
was that was the hit e okay I got I got
hit
