alright I'm here the what is this place
DC skate plaza I'm here with Garrett
Garrett's not near me right now but I'm
here talking to myself but I'm totally
gonna no sign that today that's the goal
the first one to film Garrett wherever
Garrett is you got no no you just ate it
I did Charlie it looks like a Smith
grind but you weren't doing I was
actually going for nose grind
alright la la you warm up Robert Rick
and I didn't mess up filming huh alright
and Garrett Tobias Hayes's on the mound
and his middle name is not actually
Tobias
but he's dropping in and he does another
50/50
oh you got it now yeah but it's like at
the end sometimes I'm like standing too
far on the ledge you know yeah that's
right
and that is what your nose looks like
when you know slide a 12-story Karen
thanks for filming bad man goodbye bye
goodbye
well you had to go run look at it
there's like if you mess up you just get
to go running like that's the freaking
old yellers good yard now that was sad
that was
