what time is it kpop skate park time to
skate Holly's weird shred quarters
though yeah yes you do well good always
another time right now
triggers skateboard time what here let
me put your help Hey riding your shirt
is it awesome
all right helmet time your helmets on
are you ready skate are you gonna look
like that what was that face let's
really get cooking now okay alright chop
your foot push
hey I'll race you back to the one dude
no chick what do you think about a nose
bun ride let's do it all right
Oh buddy give me five yeah so ridin saw
the wall ride marks on the wall and now
he wants to do all right
oh say like Richie Jackson that we're
doing a countdown
good job ridin give me five high five
dude what put on the ramp well it's not
every day a two-year-old gets to ollie
Michelangelo in an eternal are you ready
for this
high five let's do this that's one of
those that you've barely held on to but
you did it you are good all right we get
out - can you say subscribe or Jhelum
subscriber Jayla
alright so another ridin skate video
it's been a little while unfortunately
it's it's kind of gross outside so we
didn't get to go to like an outdoor
skate park but did you have fun that's
awesome
I'm happy to hear that he's actually as
you can see he's kind of learning how to
push but he's still just 2 years old
he'll be 3 in a little bit and I'm sure
he'll gain a little bit more control on
pushing and whatnot so hopefully you
know within the next few months you'll
see him do it on his own but I'm proud
of you buddy and I love you and as long
as you're having fun right
so say see you next video hey yeah pop
what feat FIFA car like a soccer car Wow
ok ok party hat alright bye YouTube say
it say bye YouTube or make a Chewbacca
noise ok
