so Brian Eames got the idea to do a
revive like a cliche Christmas photo
shoot for the revived holiday catalog
and he got me the biggest Santa costume
ever when it says WS FM it means one
size fits Matt it matters a very big guy
look at this just walk and my pants fall
down but this is behind the scenes of
the revived Christmas photo shoot let's
do this so Brian's setup and this gap is
horrifying
might not look big on film right now at
least but I like curved across the
warehouse and somehow and I skated last
night and I'm sword today all right so
I'm warming up without the Santa suit
hey buddy hey guy alright so this is
going to be the scary scene world so I'm
just going to put on this dumb suit and
go for it
it's not gonna be easy I'll tell you
that I feel like a freakin old guy that
has a bathrobe it's like has hot tub
like this going wrong time wait look at
me
I'm here as Santa I'm officially going
to be the hottest guy in the whole world
in like five minutes
temperature-wise not like a tractor
because you know only one lady wants
this
and this is Alex buting oh it looks like
the most terrifying route up please be
like you could murder me more than make
me happy did you imagine if like running
at you in the street dog died I would
just die
hey you know you said you wanted him to
hit it with his back truck you know I
hit it he literally just did that it's
so - you get it exactly what I wanted I
got a fish eye on five of the star on
top exactly what I wanted you to do like
it's done every day you're not good
enough and all your friends are psyched
do not need a string you need straight
on this and that I'll do it for you
voila like the reindeer Chewbacca you
look you look so amazing I'm gonna fall
so you're gonna murder someone yeah I
mean I feel like wearing this suit makes
you want to murder somebody don't more
don't kill I mean that goes anybody
don't murder anybody so we just stop it
we stops little in fact when dude is
carrying two stick like things he
automatically thinks that he is has two
swords as a fact you think you're
Leonardo or maybe like Darth Maul I
don't know but you think it all right so
we're trying to make him a half who's
and I don't know if this is gonna work
oh wow your thumbs actually in that one
and hopefully this doesn't look stupid
in the shop like like random no that's
pretty who thee it is who be but I don't
want like little fingers to be like you
know like someone done alright you get
on your skateboard my gosh
and he put his foot down and messed
everything up
why do you one more try for the for the
masses as well oh I think that box is
about Doug alright so I'm wrapping this
box so Sam can do some jerk off now that
is how you perhaps a skate box I'm
psyched
Sam don't mess it up too fast you guys
are in for a treat because Sam is going
to look like an idiot looking good you
look like you're going you literally
look like you're gonna bring it like a
baby to Santa you literally look like
you're about to be like an extra in a
movie like it looks it looks very
proving here's the dumbest thing in the
world he's gonna screw this up first try
I really hope he doesn't will you come
here first I need you I need you to pose
it because I need to know how tall you
are
add some crema closely that's slippery
all right so photo shoot done hope you
guys dug that little behind the scenes
we had fun and if you want to see all
the product that we're kind of
introducing right now we did a video
yesterday so there'll be a link at the
end of this video for that video so go
check all the new stuff coming out
tonight at midnight I guess right yes
you look weird wait you say I am trance
or hope he did only the best thing you
could have said
Oh broke it Brian Sam broke the present
I'm Kiki if you can get over that
freaking tree she's going to be the best
shot ever doing soon no Sam you got up
this morning you're like you know what I
think I'm gonna dress like Andy today
also you're taller than me
yeah I am yep little bit we know that
all here watch this oh wow it's him I
was going to take that to act like I was
go throw to you then hit myself that
would have this has a brick and it
killed me Hey it literally is a brook
since I'm probably a brick or a wrong
I've noticed into this YouTube somewhere
someone died you know that telly that's
true
you
