warehouse Wednesday this week's a little
different we have a bunch of new product
coming out so we're just gonna show it
to you and I'm gonna skate in between
talking parts I'm pretty sure we just
locked ourselves we did just lock
yourself out my god look what it feel in
there to save us from this they're
taking a grand old time no dude thank
you hey thanks for locking us out Justin
yeah cuz it was me
oh yeah was Leonardo hurt Wow
Michelangelo sorry to everybody that
I've ever just failed but yeah we're
totally about to release our winter line
as of midnight on Black Friday which is
like right after Thanksgiving and we
have a lot of new product and we're
gonna tell you about it and we're gonna
mix in with some skating and randomness
and whatever we come up with so Brian
your first let's start with shirts
revive everything revive first skull
team who's aboard
now it's shirt you're gonna like it
never quit skateboarding hold it up hold
it up Brian aims for Chris paper which
is true also it's got the the yeah going
on that's we have the lifeline revived
skateboards over there and it's it's
true do not quit skateboard hasn't
really not wise decision do not do that
this is a shirt I've been wanting to
make for a long time going lifeline cold
lifeline one day we should do a Gold
team does that work would you look a
little like crazy fashion designer is
but still
either way black pick up with gold foil
t-shirt yeah you'd be like the sun's
worse enemy everyone would hate you you
blind everybody I like that
new snap backs Brian grab them I'll
leave them in the end up in the rapper
but emblem graphic hit a gray got a red
it's got a revival logo in here
somewhere
ya see it ripped it fit there it is done
good one I like the dark gray on that
hide it and then read everyone wants a
red revived product red green emblem
graphic it again yep we're milking them
ago I point this out okay this is
actually for screen I don't have you
guys can tell the with the lighting in
here but it is for screen we're getting
a little adventurous when it comes to
colors meaning we just have to force
green things I film that so good
did you because I want to do it again
well you sunglasses the first in the Sun
destroyer line which is a little nicer
than the Sun armor some of their glossy
finish have a dual color thing going on
Brian
I'm surprised someone's not running able
to make out with you right now because
you look good with those on not really
super surprised because you're married
but still they look good seriously these
are called the defiance by the way we
got some more coming dump different
colorways in the near future so watch
out for those
skateboard decks we have six new
graphics and that's the most we've done
that's probably like double the amount
that we've ever done in one go so mainly
because the new pros fault because we
had that second for a model so we added
two more decks they also expanded the
x-ray series so so wrap this up simply
harder did an amazing job them did an
awesome job as always
so we already have the skull then we got
the chest and the ankle the skate die
the original escape dog was a limited
run but we wanted to offer it again
so it was very popular and everyone kept
asking for it so we wanted to do a basic
live skate Diebold graphic because
that's kind of like the imagery of
little skate dog was very basic and bold
and I loved it I loved that deck so this
one stick around for a little while yes
it's unlimited this one has been in
talks for a long long time I'm so glad
we finally did it yep so now it won't be
limited yeah I think I want this to
stick around gold lifeline but it's
gonna be a fast seller so if you want
one grab one at the get go the wax
graphics finally these are awesome same
Florida to do these as well you had an
awesome job so it's the pros names
written in wax at different skate spots
mango powder prob'ly for Aaron a loaded
allege for Doug des hotels both are very
sharp abuse ever you're scared village
no that's in its same floor news NECA
woods just skate that ledge
course time for time for time shirts
shirts
all right we have a dark gray Heather
dark Heather dark Heather whatever
nobody knows that leo's t pills t let me
zoom in on the bombs get it bomb Hills
yeah I love that great that's Nelson did
this just Nelson crush that good I love
this t-shirt and the convex a
long-sleeve this is a branch off of one
of our new wheel graphics and just a
Nelson to the student so convex it's got
a sleeve as well
yeah well here let me see it come on we
got to show the people what they're
seeing him like design on it and then it
has the for slug on the sleeve this is
awesome I'm wearing it right now like
Andy's dream in fact the reason why this
exists because I wanted a red zip up
Hoodie I'm like yeah let's make a
Forsman so there it is this is my idea
zip up slash goes right through the logo
so when you zip up it completes the
graphic and then it says four skills in
the armed force hats of course this
might be my favorite thing in the new
force stuff
I'm stoked on it I really like them just
because it's a slash on the other I can
white part on the billet slash under
kind of force a look on the inside show
the topic a me give me a show the front
of the hat you showed it you go white
version boom the white one if I could do
white hats which I don't think I can I
don't know if I can ever I put one on
I'm just assuming I can't I would
totally do that hat and the beanie Brian
the beanie that I throw off your head
right here people horse be any I can
wearing this thing for like the last
week and a half I know you don't leave
it you do not leave
wiill so this is a little different
there is supposed to be three new wheels
coming out and for some production
annoying this happened and we're
actually gonna have to do like a mid
month like it probably about like two
and a half three weeks or release the
rest of these sizes and one more graphic
but we do have some of them in we have
the matrix there's the matrix this is
the geometry series that's really cool I
love the orange and black and then we
have the slope right here there we go
we're also supposed to have the convex
wheel which is kind of like the shirt
it's a white and red wheel it's really
cool but we'll have more sizes in these
and the other graphic in a few weeks
like I said very very sorry it's just
kind of hard when you're working with
this much stuff like sometimes things
happen and certain things are late but
we have a lot of new stuff coming out so
you will be able to grab the matrix in
two different sizes and then the slopes
come in 54s but bear with us more is
coming and then we are restocking on all
of our other existing wheels and also we
have a white slash so there's two more
graphics coming in yeah what so the
slash the black wheels were having those
in white as well which is awesome
because black wheels are really cool
when you die a wheel it gets a tiny bit
softer and all over our wheels are 99
drama tur very hard wheels so when you
get that black it's it's it's a little
less bumpy which is fine because that
works for others different type of
skating especially if you're skating on
like a rough ground if you don't have
the smoothest concrete in town a black
will be great for you but I personally
love white wheels and it's awesome to
have that slash graphic in the white
it's actually called the strike when
it's in the white but uh more info on
that in the future we have one more
thing to show you guys finally
it's riveting am grip for dr. Pam grip
totally on board in the Shred quarters
family so you can buy from the store
it's also available for an upgrade yes
each birthday so you can just add five
bucks and you get that instead of the
Jessup griptape dresser and then you can
also buy it by itself and you can
customize it like I do like put pictures
behind it and you look down and you're
like I would like to see a dinosaur
right now before I try this kickflip in
you see your dinosaurs I'll top the
public group stick around you get your
signature but there you guys go tonight
Friday night at midnight Friday morning
at midnight Thursday night same thing
but as soon as Black Friday hits all
this stuff is available at the shred
quarters calm and we're very psyched to
be releasing this much product I hope
you guys dig it and if some of this goes
fast I'm very sorry it may be a second
to get some of this stuff back in stock
so if you want some of this stuff grab
it just to make sure you do but we do
have a lot of decks in right now so
we're not going to be running out
completely before Christmas you'll be
able to get something but thank you guys
we are beyond thankful that you guys are
psyched on our gear and riding our stuff
and representing us we love you and
we're gonna keep doing this people okay
also since we just completed this video
there's a prize to be given here it is
prize just a moniker what everyone's got
hit by a shoe yeah I did it hit by this
and so you got scared I wouldn't do that
here go say goodbye bye say goodbye
goodbye gosh I could be saying bad byes
to people
come on dude dude make it hard no no no
no Jim do I'm making it hard flip hard
it's always a switch he'll like or a mob
kickflip like if like the head oh no
that's a fakie flip can you see it there
would be a fakie flip we can do that
never your 50 foot right there right
about the catch no that's nice I like
that
hey Justin can you catch my shoe sorry I
figured I gave you enough heads up that
it would not come close
you
