a boom that was terrific skateboarding
you knew that because you just saw it
and he you know that right good
skateboarding that's good but it brings
us to our next point
Casper flip or Hospital flip okay I
proved my whip last trick what do you
what do you think that should be called
I like Casper foot what do you think
Casper I say Casper everyone else the
whole internet thinks it's Hospital flip
and frankly I think I pretty much got
invented by some dude on YouTube had
just started calling of that but what do
you think go down the comments and tell
me what you what you think that it
should be called if it's not Casper flip
it's wrong I don't like you but the
skating was from Mason Miller and he
does he comes a lot of skating is
awesome as that was a lot of good dudes
the screen is gonna change check the
bottom link for him and check out mortis
content cuz it's really good
Jason Lee no job you're good don't leave
guy got your people
