there's about five hot dogs I don't know
if the colors are gonna come out like
that with that background nice try their
Fraggle Rock oh now that was not bad you
just saw in the fish I ok there was like
metaphorical fireworks go you could not
have landed that better dude that was
like last action hero status with the
Schwarzenegger okay I didn't watch it
but I know about it I didn't watch it
nor do I know about it I did my soul bed
did we do it at the same time did we do
it
what is that really talks about to get
hit in the face with camera hey Chris I
got a bet with you okay okay if I ever
beat you in a game of skate which I'll
train okay two years reopen this case I
ever beat you I'll give you a hundred
dollars okay I don't know how that's a
bet no yeah i'm sanna right here right
yeah a hundred dollars all he has to do
is lose on purpose he's not unite down
to trust you
let's be going fast
first try first
push up push up push up yes sir huh say
subscribe or Die subscriber
there he goes he did it you're just
gonna have to believe me
