I'm so sick of the way you're treating
me he's so angry that worked out
warehouse Wednesday you got some
assurance oh no right I do I'm gonna
lose the helmet at this point yeah why
are why are we walking this way because
Justin's here
why I don't know why Justin's even here
so much around here he does help out a
lot yes but today is a fun day because
it is Black Friday winter release for
revive revive holiday line unveil we're
gonna show you all of the new products I
know I say this a lot but I think this
really is right now my favorite and I
think it's our best series yet yeah it's
a very solid line I'm going to go in
there we're gonna show you it and then
we're gonna do just a few tricks for you
because what would a skateboarding video
be without skateboarding and all this
control alright yeah I mean without
skateboarding is not supporting video
yeah your skateboards my skateboard yeah
what you you're hugging me you didn't
even ever hug I was at the mall the
other day and how ironic would it be to
get hit in the head with a helmet I did
not realize that you're the reason why
alex has a hand right he got Brian's
back I got his back you could have been
a terrible person I could have been but
I wasn't everything you're about to see
is coming out on the Shred quarters calm
this is Black Friday it is that was my
response all right let's show him this
product let's get things kicking off
really strong with some stickers
stickers stickers man you're going out
of order sticker pack 9 stickers you get
three of these new script circle
stickers is this build to nine let's not
call the 9 okay so three of these new
tie-dye stickers yeah three of these new
cat stickers if you don't have a cat now
you can just have it on a sticker than
you have a cat there you go what are
those black sunglasses they get like a
ready orange mirror on YouTube in every
single pair there you go
the classic emblem graphic on the side
yeah it's classic I know it is it really
is I I don't know why it's there I don't
think it's mostly yeah I like the
bling-bling that's going on okay so if
you ever like if someone is up to no go
like I don't trust you you could just
you like this like what is keys you up
to oh you stand in their arms boys
waving the whole art call up the
infiltrators no they're not
who zip up Hoodie it's a lightweight
hoodie it feels really good when you go
in there it just feels like bad I'm
gonna date tonight you know just to feel
the date feel a date it's a date
you are married stop touching I'm sorry
that's the front of it you got the back
so you're everything as well this is
called the back stripped it doesn't it's
not called an expert it is is he gets
grip in the back you'll see the names on
the website you'll the yuletide care
tearing I don't know the lyrics are
don't even what you're saying you'll
like you'll is a Christmas party
this will make more sense once we get to
some of the boards but this is a new cat
t-shirt yes well honestly though I think
every like cat is the most ageless thing
in the world like everybody wants a cat
on their stuff we revisit this logo
every year for the last few years since
this is a circle script yeah see I'm
wearing it right now
no that's a sketch I know it looks oh
look at it
there's stuff last year this this year
yep yeah a little smoother yes all right
this is a great one it's called the
raffle ticket it's not call the register
totally think it's you get circuses what
you need to ride a plaything is it not
idea is it looks it's not gold around
carnivals not and every time you're
you're you you buy one of these you are
entered to win nothing nothing
yeah it's nothing cool with nothing I've
ever moving on I wouldn't at all the
time
I do too I just wanted them this is my
favorite shirt we made in a long time
okay wait let me do it romantic okay so
we have skateboarding
we have skateboarding we have
skateboarding was there skateboarding
tacos uh-huh it's pretty much anything
you need unless this caught this no
stuff yeah three yeses entity you don't
get it assistant oh actually I don't you
do about the SIS it's not that's weird
because I've seen videos online we'll
hear a popping pimples gross and that
starts with a c right alright this is
called the vestal pretty much yep same
bissell cannot wait have a logo for the
claw egos there it is
yes it's embroidered on there pretty
much everyone in skateboarding where's
pose nowadays goodnight one the vestal a
new snapback
look plain from here dirty not dirty
it's a little dirty it's still a great
snapback yeah it looks even what three
dusts that came off so the fabric is
very resistant it will live in a
warehouse it will breathe in a warehouse
it will walk out of the house where are
you getting this
I don't know that's a walking yet new
circle script cuff to be me yes
very classic yes I like this one yes and
that's called the yes
this one yes normal oh it's got that
little subtle script that your uncle is
low mm-hmm okay
and then BOOM it's called secret pizza
see you I am so hyped on this beanie it
is gold because it's cool I feel like at
any moment like it you could just be
wearing that you'd be like hey you want
to see some kind of cool and then you
tip your beanie to in them which is a
new thing no one's ever tip their beanie
until now you got some new socks
good I really like to think the actual
like material that these socks are made
out of I'm like yeah we're doing
material is a snapback
a new classic
circle script logo yeah it looks really
good new tool look at it look at that
horse so if you need to put the other
skateboard tool if you need to scratch
down your grip tape
tool okay if you need to throw something
at someone that just robbed your house
and you want to hit them in the back and
subtly scare them and maybe
halt them enough so you can go and get
your stuff back
I'm not we're not engaging that what's
the word we're not and we're not
endorsing that but I'm just saying I
might use that as a as a strategy it
would probably work yeah we're this I
have nothing to do with this really
don't I have nothing to what you did
that you designed the cover so we want
revenge it's been the longest series on
my channel for a long time now and it is
finally on DVD you have a lot of people
been asking for this over the years and
I myself just wanted to hold it so this
is seasons 1 & 2 because they were a
little shorter we'll release the other
ones each cheese and individually but
this has all the episodes on it which
you can get on YouTube of course but it
has bonus like a bonus documentary it
has bloopers from that documentary and
has a skate scene only available on this
DVD with some of the og guys actually
most of the og guys are involved with
this so there you guys go look at
adorable little Jace right there and if
you don't is basically you need to make
sure you have a multi-regional DVD
player if you live outside the US so be
weary about importing this
internationally unless you are very sure
your DVD player will play any DVD from
across the world we do not know how long
these are going to last so grab them
while you can
boom right okay you got your pro name
right here and it's script all right
this is the prescription graphic for
Johnny it's not the Ritz genius why
don't we not name it that we're not
going up for script one who's
subscription we can just like draw subs
on every board no all right Kairo
Aaron's got a great color with of course
he does because it's the Braille colors
this is the most John Hill thing ever
similar you've got John Hill preacher he
is a shirt that matches this so you
could actually make your board disappear
yeah you know if you hold it the right
angle then you'll just look like a look
like a you look like a piece of John
Hill I really like this colorway it's
gorgeous I'm sorry to me like I do like
how those combined that's the coral
coral
it's like named after walking dad
character
dee da mm-hmm we got that look at it
it looks good I like this one I like all
the colors I did look at this tied ion
tie-dye yep fo real and that is they do
tada if you put your hat next to it
it'll get lost and you'll be a piece of
title where to go it's gone
that's real I think I don't it's so
tough to pick a favor but I love those
moving on to one of the coolest serious
thing we've ever I didn't oh yeah who
can't relate who cannot relate cat for
Santa yes moving on
campers pizza cat vs pizza though I
think I oh yeah mm-hmm
look at that gosh it's so awesome I like
the purple to recreate the photo like
throw but like throw like ten pieces of
people I want someone to oh yeah
this is one of my favorite graphics
thing we've ever came out with I'm
skating it right now cat versus nacho
this board rules so much JP Coover did
the all these graphics and he knocked
about the poplar they're so good
I did not there's on the cart we just
failed to pick it up so we're the one
picking it up I understand that I'll
just hear Jason's wheels
Jason Park has a wheel he doesn't go
wheel it out look beautiful comes in 52
and 53 it looks like fire now it is
Black Friday Cyber Monday weekend so you
know we have some specials for you guys
and Bryan's gonna tell you about it so
this is gonna run a Friday all the way
through Monday through cyber monday it's
all gonna be while supplies last because
we have some really good deals but
there's some limited items here
so have you spent $50 in the store
you're gonna get a mythical
shoelace belt it's our collab with la
corte so 50 bucks you're gonna get that
if you reach the 75 two-year mark you're
gonna get this poster that mean Andy
shot war in Phoenix and I'm even gonna
make Andy sign if this was not my idea I
died I am endorsing because I'm gonna
sign it but I need to stop putting me on
so many posters it's weird it's very
weird but it is a good photo 75 bucks
and then if you make it to the hundred
dollar tier mark your
going to get this warehouse Wednesday
tea tossed in as well
when you hit the dollar hundred arc tear
mark there should be a little pop up
it's going to happen on the screen you
can use that peel pick your size will
enter the cart if not go and find this
physical t-shirt on the website add it
to the cart and it will be there for
free and once you hit that hundred tear
mark domestically you're also gonna get
free shipping there you go just to
summarize that fifty bucks to get the
shoelace belt seventy-five you get the
poster one hundred dollars you get the
shirt and free shipping domestically yes
if you hit a hundred bucks you get all
this hundred dollars all of it so all of
that is while supplies last and pretty
sight John yeah hope you guys are too
all of this drops on the shred quarters
comm which is right here on the screen
as soon as his Black Friday here Eastern
Standard Time so Thanksgiving night
right when it clicks over to Black
Friday available and go crazy we want to
thank you so much for just being here
over the years and we're still doing
this it's such a fun ride we're having a
blast and we love these decks JP Coover
killed it and we hope you like them too
should do some skateboard and guess a
few tricks okay
you gonna ow you are yeah did you do it
wearing all this and try don't do it I
don't want you to miss a little stuff
it's not it's not
that was very anticlimactic I always say
that it was very anti weather for a
second but then I I fixed it I don't
know it's somewhere in there just hit so
park
but thank you guys for watching this
video all the stuff you saw goes up with
a shred quarters calm on Black Friday as
soon as the switch is over
Eastern Standard Time Thursday night so
I hope you guys are psyched on that
stuff I will see you guys very soon with
more videos I do them all the time so if
you want to see more for me just the
subscribe button right down below and
you'll be signed up to see more videos
and if you want be notified when I
upload a video click the little bell
underneath the video and that will just
pop up on your screen so that's it I'm
done you guys have a great day and go
skateboard if you camp
