Ryden what do you have there a buck from
who baby Koval are we gonna go open it
Wow let's do it
go to your room come on go go go go all
right this is your first unboxing riding
are you excited all right let's do it
open it up Wow ow I'm gonna get my keys
out we're gonna do this okay first show
everyone the drawings on the box it says
for Andy and ridin enjoy dudes JP come
what's on the bottom of the box
Kyle and I told you a thousand five
having a five high fiveing long what's
this right there what's it what's this
one do you know where that is what Mario
it's Mario skateboarding and you're
actually wearing a JP couverture buddy
wild thing
Wow thing all right buddy huge reference
keys open anything right pull it pull
the word there we go
he actually did it alright dad just pull
this you really pull that you would
really just did that I just taught him
how to do that he did ah there's a note
it says thanks so much for ordering
these prints I've thrown in a few more
and some new surco stuff the pork shop
shirt is actually an old tea that I had
a few extras of hope Bryden likes them
ah is that a skateboard on a shirt whoa
pick it up okay what dog
yeah that's pretty awesome I told that's
not a skateboard sure that says dad's
all-star Bob
oh so mom yeah oh did you get some pins
ah yeah we'll put those on your bookbag
when you go to elementary school what I
got it
well tell I'm telling what it is what's
on it dang cool good skeleton a skull
kinda not kind of it is a skull big day
it's kind of a PJ it's more like a
winter shirt it has some monsters on it
Jay's a PT hooked you up look it says
show them that's the poor Chuck sure and
say look YouTube hate to say it's a pork
chop it is a pork chop but this but this
is what I actually order from JP I read
some of the comics that be through
internalized order yeah I was like I
want to support this dude because I
loved everything that he was doing and I
ordered some prints for rottens room and
these are them look at that oh wow we
threw an extras but you don't know what
this is but this is amazing
this is for your room we're gonna put
them in frames and put them on the wall
I go there's a ninja right he drew these
JP's of talented dude who was that more
Mario chasing a star
no here one by one woohoo yeah that is
who a Slimer carry you said yeah I knew
he didn't know that that's slammer for
sure yeah spider-man you do not know who
this is
it's Megaman Megaman hey good job which
one yeah that's true
proudly proud of you you knew that was
I'll give you r2d2 I will buy you a car
when you're 16 if you can tell me how
this is why did you this is tell me it's
linked it's freaking link you'll have
other chances during a car it's called
getting a job
my baby's easy go ahead take care of her
my goal came out the way I write down
bail like everything so no but seriously
thank you JP you are the best and like
riding just said check out his website
and look at his work it's really really
cool stuff especially of little dudes
because that's just it I said say bye
YouTube Hey look at the camera and say
it by l2 people give in my late
Thanksgiving my life
remember rising yes a trick or treat
what are you are you a stormtrooper
that's awesome and I'm an Indy trooper a
storm's Jones
