this is why you just described a major
crew major
oh my gosh okay you want to know why I'm
saying oh my gosh so many reasons okay
for one did you see that backside flip
that was ridiculously big my times have
I done the backside flip that big in my
life none okay I've never been I've
never started back to the flip and
thought I'm gonna be here for the next
like eight seconds was insane and then
the freaking front flip speaks for
itself I wouldn't know how to begin to
do that no matter how i sat on the
skateboard and he just goes up on his
knees and front flips and then lands on
his knees I feel like that would break
your knees either way major set of
themselves that's why you should
subscribe to them the screens about to
change and the bottom link will be them
and you need to they are oh my gosh so
amazing go check out the new Halloween
edit on their Channel it's really really
good
I love these dudes and I can't wait to
go to Texas to film with them and I plan
on doing that within the next two months
so watch out for that but major people
back side flips knee front flips all the
stuff everything and I am walking
barefoot and it's like 20 degrees
outside and for all you people that go
by Celsius that's cold that's that's a
freaking negative 15 or something I
don't know I don't know
