look yeah it looks like you just like
you're like a concrete I'll make out
with you oh I just like the wind out of
myself well there you go worst case
scenario is the worst that can happen oh
jeez are you gonna keep going I think so
are you kidding me that happened he just
douve onto his face which is nothing
really new in fall Friday I'm gonna be
honest but this one I feel like it could
have been avoided which is in no offense
to Justin lon occurs delicate face is
porcelain face friggin Pikachu face
because it hit the concrete ish I mean
to kind of generally dove in that
direction but seriously look at this
screen shot right here I mean that leg
is there okay just soften your your
ground experience ok I just feel like if
I was in the situation I could put my
foot down and just walk away or do
something other than to dive to my face
he totally just kind of like rolled up
and do a pokeball I don't know why the
pokemon theme is happening this episode
but he rolled up into a ball and freakin
jumped on the ground kind of makes me
want to do a sports commentator
commentators Edward all right Bob
Justin's rolling up to the rail right
now I'm always excited to see what he's
going to throw down oh it looks like he
gets off on a bad start yeah I tell you
at this point it could go any way Jim I
could see him walking away from this not
you there we go to his face Italian Jim
he's not gonna get up for that one
anytime soon yes Bob the ground is now
his new friend and he will be there for
a good period of time I'm just saying it
could have used that play by play but no
justin is actually really good at
skateboarding fakie down rails and he
landed that trick which will be in a
future video but the fact that he got up
and land it says something okay cuz even
when he fell it was like he like fell at
my feet and I was like oh what like in
the movie The Terminator with naked
Arnold Schwarzenegger falls in front of
the camera and it's writing and it's all
epic and he's frickin naked I'm very
glad that Justin was not naked but it
kind of felt like plopped at my feet it
was a weird experience cuz he would have
happened I had no idea how it happened
he just sort of fell onto his face oh
hey ground my face is going to meet you
but yeah i'm not going to show you the
fakie tail side that he was trying i'm
gonna put that in a video by itself but
we'll show you some other tricks that
he's done that I have on my camera on my
computer in front of your face right now
so there you go Paul fry classic fall
fried I structure right here fall on a
face and then showing you that the
skateboarder can still land tricks what
these days I'm going to do an episode
where the skateboard just Falls like oh
by the way he sucked he cannot do any
tricks that's why he fell but I hope you
guys like that I do fall friday every
every other friday just about why
everyone's once or twice a month of
doing so if you like this make sure you
subscribe and do daily videos so I'm
here talking like an idiot and
skateboarding and random stuff all the
time but I'm we go play some freakin
gamecube no i'm not i just actually have
a game to beat roar on my on my desk
right now which is as a really long cord
my gosh
Hey look at this guy right here see that
Instagram you should follow him we're
gonna blow this dude oh and then here
guys look am grip is so successful that
it's sold out and I had to use some
classic Jessup and I made my own friggin
thing it's based on coheed and cambria
lyrics everybody that watches coheed and
cambria or that listens to them whatever
they do with them they're like it's band
your battle station I know it's man your
battle stations came in your own
jackhammer man your battle stations but
this lyric this saying I'm I combined
the two and I like it it's like do it
yourself fight your own war okay throw
your own skateboard now don't throw your
skateboard but grip tape cool ah Jack
Jack Oh about tweed my ankle to death
you see it did you just see that it like
wedge between the thing that was
horrible
