YouTube what's up guys so I just hit
four hundred thousand subscribers and
before I tell you how appreciative I am
of that I'm gonna get shot by some
cupcakes with the bazooka a rocket
launcher whatever you wanna call it I
call it a bazooka
but Justin Walker is gonna be nice
enough to shoot them at me kind of
point-blank because we tried this out
and it wasn't as strong as we like but
let's see how this goes right right
right right right right left you have
five tries to this we have five cupcakes
get me right in the face okay
okay I'm gonna wear sunglasses so I
don't get an eyeball taken out if I lose
an eyeball to a cupcake I'm probably
deserving put the freaking thing to make
this go faster
purple friggin good we got to do it
again you got him in nose holes is all
over me what do you think it'd be me
that dude oh that's right not the
bazooka would feel like no feels like
right oh it feels like pastry punches to
the face dude all my nose is like
bruised I'm gonna have a bruised up I
have a black nose you nailed me in the
face with those dude but guys I
seriously want just to say you stupid
son whatever I don't care about the son
thank you guys so much for watching my
videos and subscribing to my channel
it's you know like I said the I do these
every time I had a hundred thousand
subscribers and I never thought I would
get to this point and you know I
probably will make it to five hundred
thousand so I will get an awesome pastry
apocalypse going for the next one when
we celebrate half a million subscribers
if I get there I'm not going to say I
definitely am but I think I'm going to
but either way thank you guys I'm gonna
keep making videos every single day and
keep doing stupid stuff like this and I
you know my whole attitude has always
been like don't think too much just have
fun with my videos and I never want to
change that so no matter what happens
I'm gonna make youtube videos and I'm
gonna let you guys live my life with me
watch skateboarding
just goofy videos skits pranks my family
life all that's fun stuff and I can't
thank you guys enough for being along
for the ride like I've said a million
times before this is literally like a
dream come true just being able to make
videos and live my life and with my
skateboard company all that and thank
you every single one of you who watched
my videos and share
and that means the world Jimmy even Joey
the jerk that talks trash behind the
keyboard but actually deep down enjoy
something than I do thank you guys I
appreciate it's videos every single day
uh meaning I'll see you guys tomorrow
and I don't know I'm gonna go wash
wash-off I didn't buy any towels either
I have paper towels I gotta clean this
with a paper towels and I'm pretty sure
you didn't break my nose but you breath
my nose because it's aching like you've
got me pretty good dude thank you just
Ilana : no time anytime
all right paper towel time I'm gonna go
paper towel myself and you guys well
done it in it Dan and it would've do
that thing
so weary watch the attempts and those
are some really weak bazooka cupcake
shots we're gonna show you exactly what
we thought it was gonna do all right so
we drew Brian's face on this box and
Justin you want do the honors skateboard
wheel oh my gosh dude that could
ricochet destroyed me no let's do it
again let's really hit him in the face
so that would have been my face Bry
names Brian
Eames face also we're totally gonna give
that to someone so if you order a board
from us and get Brian Eames face it was
from this video goodbye
goodbye
