if somebody tells me that someone did a
540 I just immediately assume that it's
gonna be in a halfpipe okay because you
need some time to spin and spin and spin
again okay that's three half spins three
180 sprawl you mathur's out there it's
pretty impressive that Andrew Oliver
just aired out of a quarter pipe and did
that I mean I couldn't do it I mean if I
can air out of a quarter pipe as much as
he did I could and I would but I can't
but yeah that's andrew oliveira and he
was crushing Worthington skatepark right
there I believe it's Worthington but
that's over on Mason Miller's Channel
and the screens about to change and the
bottle needs to be Mason he actually
gave me like four pretty awesome edits
recently so over the next month or two
you will see more of him on my channel
but in the meantime definitely check his
channel out it'll be the bottom link
like I said and then the top link with
me I do daily videos here just like this
so subscribe if you want to see more for
me but mainly check out Mason and I'm
gonna go and the freakin battery just
died while I was saying goodbye that's
right
I had one Mike I had a batter in my
pocket take that camera I'm gonna go I'm
not gonna say what I'm doing I'm just
going I will tell you that I'm not
playing Monopoly at least you can write
that off yours you know I'm not playing
Monopoly
