right what do you want to do when you go
up that author what today you're not
gonna be an author by the way that's an
amazing it's an amazing goal for a
five-year-old you can be a ninja we're
doing karate training are you ready for
ninja training which one should we call
it yeah
ninja look what I have here we will do
these in the end you I put your karate
on all right let's go get one and do a
kick in the meantime there you go come
on let's go
so right and just started taking karate
and I took Taekwondo when I was a kid I
was actually one belt before black and
then they moved across town and I
stopped going which was a terrible
mistake you you were right you should
not give up but I did a hundred degree
black belt I don't think that exists but
that's a good attitude are you ready to
put these on are you ready why
isn't she talking you paid yet oh she
did that's what you did okay alright
right let's see the dramatic reveal
oh my gosh look at you that is awesome
let's go upstairs oh my gosh alright
okay here come on alright before we
start writing when is it okay to use
physical confrontation like punching and
kicking and stuff thank you
that's called defending yourself for it
can't be nothing when you're defending
someone else that needs help
correct okay and you practice this
karate yeah help yourself yes a lot of
karate actually helps self-discipline
focusing and being respectful there's a
lot of good things in karate it's not
about punching and kicking other people
in fact we try not to hit other people
at all costs right that is correct
all right with that said look to the
basics you want to show us a combination
you're working on all right be very
crisp with your movements okay okay
nailed it dude very good combination
that's your third combination right mmm
there you go try to get it up high and
this pillow is what you got a hit well
hit it higher you got hit right in the
middle here okay there you go
nice form dude get a ninja high-five I
don't know if he can cuz it's getting
away from them
oh you grabbed it and you forced the
high-five upon it all right right in my
hand
isn't your gonna punch my hand okay my
hands gonna be a punching pad alright I
want to see the good form I'm gonna see
my hand get punched okay okay all right
Guardian stance
you can do better than that I'm gonna
hear smack on my hand okay okay oh my
gosh my hands a duck wait nope
now it's a punching bag again okay here
ready go Missy are you kidding
that's marker that is marker okay no put
the dog toy down all right focus all
right this part of karate hey focus all
right that was a good punch but you
missed the middle of my hand I want you
to hit the dead center okay and don't
pull that marker blood trick you think
the funny don't you you literally just
tried to do that to me come on right but
you can't hit me in the middle of the
palm but uh you did super good there you
go
are you ready for Phase two of ninja
training okay we're gonna need a bean
bag and we're gonna your foot to do some
kicks let's go I'm glad you got the
karate buddy these stairs are like ninja
training aren't they where Oh bean bag I
forgot what we were doing hey I got an
idea you'll get to jump on mom and dad's
bed usually right we're doing it that's
we're doing the ninja kicking training
grab the bean bag all right this isn't
very ninja-like but do you want to throw
the bean bag down to the bottom floor
yeah to be safe let's do it on the other
side don't hit any of this stuff right
here okay Geronimo whoa wow that was
like super light come downstairs
that was not exciting at all do you
think you could land on this without
getting hurt like don't that's good this
guy can hurt that's not really an injury
don't get hurt oh my god are you all
right yeah that's pretty soft
all right ninja kick time okay just do a
basic ninja kick into there okay let's
see it
what comes look at me drop get up there
let me see your serious face well that's
just a mean face okay alright let's go
oh that was good you kicked the
imaginary bad guy yes all right go up
there woman coming up I'm gonna make the
gap a little bit bigger you think you
can do a little bit bigger ninja kick
that's pretty big don't get hurt
might want to run a little bit do it oh
you all right
you gotta go farther you've lived it
like right here let's stand right here
cuz I don't want you flying into this
make sure you go fast you were like a
Looney tune you literally just ran up
the edge but you are okay right is this
too big of a gap you can do it all right
let's see it
you liked that didn't you okay I know
the fall was great but come on get back
up what happens when you we fall down
all right get back up and try again
right do you clear this gap this is big
we'll move it back just a little bit
okay there we go that was way better and
you cleared the gap really good you get
a belly flop oh my gosh donut do not get
hurt oh my gosh that doesn't hurt it
does yeah good job
all right hey we're gonna want to go
into sword training yes I think we're
gonna use lightsabers for this one hmm
what well do sword training right here
blue light saber sir
it doesn't have to be on in fact it
shouldn't be all right I'm gonna swing
like this and it you would apparently
let it there you go you're gonna block
like that now when I swing like this
you're gonna block like that okay now
what happens when I swing like that nope
nope nope you're gonna bring those
lightsaber around and hit me away that
way okay all right I'm coming at you all
right Oh perfect that was good hit the
rock now you think you can come at me
same thing oh that was good and you just
sliced my leg off is that hey true your
dad I never actually have been trained
in sword his men ship at all and I'm
just kind of goofing off playing this is
not actually teaching me anything he
knows that but at karate you actually do
learn a lot of good stuff right with
like bo staffs and stuff just like that
just like that just like that just like
that just like that just like that all
right final training what are we doing
Kat are you ready yeah all right these
things can hit you in the face very easy
you have to be careful okay okay that's
a good safe place to stand stay right
there okay I hit the couch
Oh
it's probably the best I'm gonna do I
feel like my face gets super serious
when I do it and then it makes me feel
kind of nerdy that I'm super serious nun
chugging yes they are you ought to try
these all right be careful
get over here start with a basic Chuck
okay and do not get close to the TV whoa
is it his it hard to just use one hand
there you go use your user wrist okay oh
right and I don't know if YouTube's face
is okay you just hit him in the face are
you guys okay I think they're comments
say they are some of them might not be
rotate your feel the wrists for your
wrists rotate now you grab you keep you
keep going okay hold on to it really get
it really hold on to it and use your
wrist okay
step over here does it does it make your
wrist sore it's hard isn't it I'm like
sweating from nunn chucking I even do it
that much so there you guys go it is
eternally gloomy and cold here in
Cincinnati so we're pretty much stuck in
her house aren't we but we like to have
fun like this we I thought ridin would
love to do a karate video and I think
you had fun what was your favorite part
when you fell off but there you guys go
I do a lot of videos on here most of it
is skateboarding or E&Z but at least
once a week it's just a video of you and
I have fun right yeah we have a lot of
fun so thank you guys for watching I
will see you guys tomorrow with where I
unveil all of my it is a warehouse
Wednesday how'd you know
you knew that goes up on Tuesdays you
just guessed well there's a warehouse
Wednesday and no just Wednesdays but I
show you guys all of the new revived
skateboards gear that's coming out on
Black Friday so tune in for that but
that's it Ryden I'm really happy you're
into karate I know this was just a goofy
video but karate does do a lot of stuff
for you it focuses you it just teaches
you a lot of just
compose yourself and you're gonna you've
been doing great so far I'm a very proud
dad I love you you have pants on no
those are that you're gay okay what you
need all right I'm out here hit that
subscribe button right below the video
if you want to see more and I will see
you in the few to the chair goodbye
peace be unto thee Oh brethren fly or
die what or a five year old subscribe or
subscriber die it's an old saying yeah
but no one wants to hear five year old
talk about dying oh my gosh
it comes from skater dye did you know
that everyone used to yell scooter doll
dude subscriber dad oh my gosh yeah I
got that
