youtube what's up guys so the last thing
you probably expected to start this
video out as me shooting an empty water
bottle out of a bazooka we got a bazooka
now we're yeah the bazooka I'm sorry k9
Canaan but I'm gonna call the bazooka
but really what's up guys it's been a
little while since I've done an update
video and finally I'm here ok and
honestly I don't remember what I was
gonna talk about it's been so long
because I have plans when I do these I'm
like when I think about something I want
to tell you dudes and dudettes and
people that don't have a gender the bag
but yeah I have planned red I'd lost the
sheet so thank you just alone occur and
bry names cuz I don't remember where I
was gonna talk about but I'm gonna try
to talk about something but my life is
what I usually talk about knees to start
it out so well I've been pretty awesome
okay actually it's like because I'm not
traveling as much not really at all
right now and I'm just been working like
a like working and hanging out in the
little dude and my wife and uh that's
that's pretty much life right now it's
amazing and with the new shrek quarters
we have like a lot of stuff to skate in
here and like I mean I can skate every
single day so it would like 3 30 hits at
the end of the day like I skate for an
hour every time and I'm getting a lot of
my tricks back and it's amazing who
would have thought that if I would have
felt that my skateboard can actually do
tricks again so yeah I'm getting my see
a lot of stuff back and feeling good I'm
very excited about about all of that but
this is good because I've been like so
like less chaotic like I've been busy
but I haven't been like as crazy busy as
I usually am and I'm able to like start
like working on videos like way ahead of
time I'm gonna stock pile videos and
have like I'm like a little bunch ready
to go upload so I can start working on
bigger projects and I see that look on
your face yes yes that means that is a
good thing because I'll be able to like
start doing like prank videos again and
like just a bit weird stuff like skits
and whatnot and as I've been like kind
of piecing my life back together I've
actually have a work space at home like
I just finished it today it's awesome i
have a desk at my own house this like
the best thing in the world small things
that i get excited about these days like
that and Boo Berry oh my gosh you guys
had blueberry the freaking cereal yeah I
just had that for the first time their
day it's in a day life actually the day
in life comes out tomorrow and you'll
see me eating it for the first time
either website on my desk at home okay
so I'm gonna be able to start writing my
fifth book yeah it's my fifth book amen
how many freaking books have you written
ad my fifth book I man it's the second
book in the yesterday series and so yeah
this would be a follow up to yesterday
erased and I'm not gonna go into any
details right now but i will start
writing it this month i'm actually
started a few times in my life
I've never actually stuck to it but now
that have a desk at home things are you
get real okay let me get a freakin bowl
pistachios and some water because that's
all I drink anymore but I'm gonna have
that bowl pistachios I'm gonna write my
life away and see me amazing so
basically next year you'll probably get
another book really published by me
brings me to my next point ok there's
points to be made and this is one of
them is that I never did a book signing
for my book and at the skate and hang
recently for the revived and for skate
and hang some guy came up to me and he
was like hey do you have a book on you
that I could buy from you know I'm like
oh I don't well I was that guy what kind
of idiot author doesn't have a book but
that he wrote on him so I didn't have it
and I'm sorry but I was thing about
doing a book signing here in Cincinnati
alright have a bunch of copies you guys
could buy them and then like you guys
can meet me and talk to me and I can
sign your book not really a dude that
likes dislikes a hey come get my
autograph but I know that's like a thing
you know book signings with authors and
stuff so I'll figure out do that and if
you don't want it signed I will just say
I will shake your hand and say nice to
meet you because it will be nice to meet
you spoiler alert that that that is
gonna be good but have you live in the
like the Midwest area and you like that
idea to let me know in the comments and
I will get on it you think I'm afraid to
switch phone providers but speaking of
nothing that I'm about to talk about you
know being a person online you guys have
to deal with other idiots online okay
like I'm an idiot but I'm not this kind
of idiot there is a dude that has that
has been making YouTube channels and
like making it look exactly like me
because you can name your youtube
channel anything I get any my channel
PewDiePie if I wanted to I'm not I'm
gonna be me again I'm not gonna be
somebody else but this dude named it
Andrew struck and the only way you don't
know it's my channel is if you actually
go physically look for the videos or
look at his URL so as you're going
around two pages I blocked him already
but he's like saying a bunch of rude
really stupid ignorant stuff I just want
to kind of give you guys a heads up if
you ever see someone that looks like me
online saying something that's like not
in my character it's not me you can
click on their link and go to their
profile and realize that it is not me at
all I'm never going to be rude somebody
online i'm not going to be like hey ring
ding offensive thing and I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna say offensive things to
people I hope a lot you guys didn't fall
for this but I've saw on a bunch of the
videos like on Dougs videos and Josh's
videos so there they you know they dealt
with it themselves but at the same time
it's not me guys if you ever see someone
saying something super rude it is not me
see if you're mean to me i'm going to
say nice things you
hey cool and I hope you have some
twizzlers because Twizzlers are
delicious I've been eating them lately
I'm gonna be honest with you but
honestly it kind of makes you think like
how much of a life do you have to head
out have to like sit there and be like
wake up you know what I'm gonna be
somebody else today because I have
nothing better to do actually really sad
I mean like when I wake up I have too
much crap to be me myself no less
somebody else frankly I don't wake up
and be like you know I'm to be
Christopher Walken today on the internet
yeah that's what I'm gonna do doesn't
necessarily selling a bad idea but I
definitely wouldn't do it it's like one
of those things you just talk and laugh
bell but this ring ding on the internets
actually doing doing it he's me so the
reviving force world basically things
are rocket rolling these are really busy
like we're finally have a bunch of
boards in stock and then force is sold
out unfortunately but I think force is
supposed to get restocked today like as
this video goes up so check the shred
cores over the weekend you should be
able to grab some wheels again and then
either way reviving force both have a
new holiday lineup launching on black
friday so be very excited for that and
then like the week leading up to black
friday i will post some stuff giving you
guys all the spoilers and let you see
some of the product but we have six new
decks coming i do believe and then we
have like four new wheels I think we
have a lot of stuff but either way a
bunch of shirts hoodies all that stuff
and I will fill you in about it as a
times get closer but things are rockin
rollin thank you guys so much we're in
straight quarters to now and it's
amazing like this place is a dream come
true it's so awesome you gotta be
kidding me holy freaking cow you guys
see the new age of Ultron trailer teaser
whatever you want to call it is amazing
like I don't know how marble keeps doing
it like one day they're gonna release
the movie that's bad but it's not gonna
be any time soon because these is
ridiculous and go watch it okay and you
know guys you guys know that I'm big
superhero nerd but I'm excited for this
one my gosh may 15 things coming out go
watch the age of Ultron teaser it's
really interesting like I'm not even
gonna discuss it I'm just gonna say it
was amazing and go watching a poet it
comes to movies i believe the hobbits
coming up and uh that is gonna be good
things i'm actually gonna try to read
the hobbit and that's when you know that
i have more time my life and we talk
about reading a book because that never
happens i like reading though okay i'll
take it off but that's about it guys and
I didn't talk about anything too crazy
but like I said like you know we're
restocking all our decks right now so we
should have everything in but force is
gonna get recycler days which I
it out videos to come we have a day in
life 28 tomorrow and then I believe I
have I'm some good stuff in the mix but
I'm gonna have to prank videos that i
want to get done before the end of the
year so look out soon because just like
and I are on a mission I think I haven't
actually talked to him about it more
than a second but that's the plan and
then we were on bench 49 is currently
being filmed we have like a scene or two
to film and I don't know how it's going
to come together like this is one of the
usually I have like a suit like a really
clear game plan when I put together we
are imagined this was kind of like
puzzle piece so hopefully it goes
together but either way it's gonna be
out this month or early next month it's
coming soon okay so uh wait for it
that's it thank you guys for watching
and to end this I'm gonna take this
bazooka and put a wheel in it okay
already a stupid idea now we got this
jack-o'-lantern okay we're gonna prop
this up don't we Indiana Jones hat buddy
I like you but I'm sorry this is gonna
happen come on were you freaking sit
still you son of an idiot hmm did you
see that it whizzed by my face that is
why this is horrible thing to have in
the warehouse prior names this could
have taken multiple eyes out like not
just buy one I you could have multiple
people's eyeballs I don't know where
that went it's gone forever
you
okay wow I didn't try to do any of that
right there that was just me blatantly
being stupid oh come on again one of
these noises are making right now oh my
gosh someone please get those and edit
into a song okay an auto-tune it it'll
probably go crazy viral like way more
than any of my videos have ever gotten
viewed but either way I'll be excited
because I deserve that at this point
it's an empty water bottle out of a
bazooka this is literally a foot and a
half away from the camera my miss
somehow Devlin that should literally be
a guinness book of world record of
awfulness and shooting and Amy naw aimed
I aimed okay just position does shoot
shoot it wrong but what is up guys it's
been a while since I've been up to video
my hair okay my hair is revealed Thank
You hoodie you know another thing I just
spilled coffee all over all over it it
miraculously missed missed my phone
which is right here Bry names what is
that come on
you
