all right three things guys first off
that was the best out ledge ever okay
was just like endless metal into the
sunset I would skate that all day and
second I didn't see that no slide no
level coming I don't know why I didn't
see it because that's what Fabien does
he does really good tech tricks like
that but this can't surprise me it was
like the ending to a lost episode I was
like whoa and like lost it maybe I want
to watch more so if you guys want to see
more click that bottom link that will
take you to fob Ian's Channel and he is
one amazingly talented technical
skateboarders so check that out if you
want to see more from me I click the top
link right there and that will subscribe
you to my channel but I mainly check out
Fabien I'm gonna go I'm gonna go to bed
probably dream about Los now I'll be
pressing the friggin button in the hatch
