it's gloomy it's looming but at least
it's not windy because because people
cannot handle wind on the Internet I
cannot they do not like it but what
we're doing to win what we're doing
Austin's Doug's here I'm assuming it's
gonna be cute named dog I can do that
okay do that huh scared behind me in
general yeah well I don't don't trust
you
let's talk to walk is your water and out
- it sucks get away from me how much
could it go I'm just gonna do the jump
right now for a shy
oh alright
aerial view of the jump wow you're like
good at it no that's dumb Doug come on
do it first time Internet this is
doctors tell us all right this is Brian
Ames
hurt you don't do the scribble thing you
did last time
don't do that Sam harrion wants to know
Blanc sore nose blunt nose plug sure
it's Kirk answer
backside blunder front blunt I like
front blunts first lots and front nose
wounds yeah back nipples are good dude
you're good at those that I love them
yeah what you could I could just sit all
right Braden
gommi wants to know would you ever let
revive sell em grip on their store you
answer vaguely vaguely mate I don't say
like I don't know I can let's just leave
let's just leave that as the answer it's
a possibility someday that could
possibly happen maybe also we had steak
and shake for lunch today you always
hold a finger up when you got a question
do it Ryan Gibson wants to know best
moment on revive gone pro pent down that
was pretty fun that was fun for me
anything
unreal that's good night by dentists
Kate and hang to celebrate it was really
yeah hit the camera Ryan a little bit
Saul O'Neal wants to know do you think
cats will take over the world I think I
agree first look you know what if humans
who didn't exist I think cats might have
the upper hand because they were just
there's big cats everywhere man think
about it that's alright little crazy
yeah really could do they get down and
they walk around they get downs that's
literally what they do with your life I
can't sleep in the Sun
David Berlanga wants to know kicks her
heels kick flips regular and push heels
that was correctly kick flip and so
wrong it's which heels no no if anything
could flop more like that is the
floppies thing it could possibly think
I'll switch flips dude switch flips are
you can pop those they're like they are
literally alike sandals
no that's which heels man which other
the best you've got pop no this one's
gonna rule us what's your answer Timothy
Martin says if you couldn't skateboard
anymore would you become a scooter or a
blader or a BMXer BMX their hands down I
think I tried being Michael younger okay
I mean that's what could you do I give
you Dixie I won 18 a little bit of
training am biker oh you didn't give me
that bad give me that Ben Reese wants to
know it's more of a question to us
really when is his pro wheel graphic
coming out nothing works right
hey I 2015 it's not in the works but in
the works but no it isn't the worst it's
like in it sad when it's the ones yes
Tony ball doozy wants to know did you
ever think you would go pro I've always
won chase it and go after it and I
thought me only third I always figured I
could get there if I can't work at it
you've shred all you know all day every
day time time Auster's texted me he said
hey what's the site you guys used for
stickers again
thanks let's think what's up what side
do you use for stickers I use that front
runner comm print runner yeah hey check
them out we don't use them but I'll look
at it Nick Ramudu
BeeZee wants to know can you guys dress
up for Halloween to make it we want
revenge episode for it like major crew
I'm like a beer no we can't we think we
were too busy we kind of did it laughs
we are avenge 48 is that the next one
you have 48 was filmed like a month ago
like or more than that like we did we
did the Halloween edit
we are I wasn't we were invented though
but it'll be awesome maybe next year
this dude is gonna be in majors video
yes
Joshua Buckley once says or asks best
DIY spot you've been 201 today with the
best one I've ever been doing it's so
fun
don't we want to on the less trip yeah
that was a good one Brooks Nagel says a
favorite place to eat Black Angus
I like mistake where's that the cuff one
day you gonna get a teriyaki sauce and
it's just the perfect is it isn't in LA
it's all right and it's a shame we're
going next time next time were in town
we're taking it yeah how have you not
told us this well I know now now we're
going tapping I'm ready oh jeez I think
I see the fear in my face when that
happened Deathwalker still wants to know
what inspired you to create and grip and
will it be more additions to the team uh
I just woke up one day like I can do
grip I find out how much it cost to make
I'm like I can I can do this like make
it happen and then when I get a bigger
budget I'm gonna do a bigger team I want
to and for new designs maybe your group
does come with amazing grip stickers
that's not the best part yeah do you
totally put it in the bathroom straight
course to I saw that I didn't do that I
did that you did that I did that I was
peeing and I saw Doug doing this which
he'll flip it was perfect
it needed to be right there like I had
planned it out perfect all right Brandon
kid wants to know can you fight off a
zombie apocalypse with cheeseburger
pizza slices no I would die you have so
many cheeseburger speed slice to fight
off a zombie apocalypse
guys thank you for asking your questions
if you want to see Doug go to his
channel he was right my hat
fly over there and you Schrock it's
right down in the info and then at the
end of this video and I'm gonna put your
hat on you there you go there's your hat
back so try to dog down there at the end
of this video not right here
thank you for this video Doug thank you
I appreciate it
if you guys want to get in on this asked
do you guys to ask questions on my
facebook which is right down the info to
who are we doing next
oh we just well I think honestly I think
chronologically Aaron Cairo is gonna be
next but mm-hmm
it was filmed before this also prepare
for wind guys wind happen wind happens
and Aaron Kyra's this guy like the winds
kind of like a fourth character we get
hide in like a secret little zone though
don't give spoilers come on
