I remember we want revenge starting the
day that I met Alex and Wesson we are
avenge is kind of special because it
really was like especially the earlier
ones he was I get such a mellow vibe
yeah and he like asked me to go skate
one day and I was like for sure yeah you
know I was just hanging out with a handy
a lot we started helping film and catch
footage of random database stuff before
it was even any sort of company idea or
anything we didn't have a clue that you
was filming YouTube videos we just went
out skating with him I was about 15
years old or so I'd just been sponsored
by revived flying out to Cincinnati my
sophomore year of high school and just
sort of go in with all these crazy
escape spots following Andy in this
crazy direction for this skip that I
didn't quite know what it was a ballot
that's the most beautiful thing about it
is that it really wasn't that hard it
was like other things like timing
scheduling and weather like if those
things were all there then we're good to
go
you - what is up guys so right there
that was a little teaser of the new we
were revenge documentary that is
attached to the we are avenged DVD
coming out to this Black Friday I
haven't talked this up too much but I've
mentioned in a few my videos I imagine a
lot of you people don't know this is
coming out so of course all the we are
revenge episodes are available on
YouTube but over the years I have gotten
so many requests to put them on DVD and
I myself just would love to have a DVD
to hold them saying hey here it is so
what we're gonna do is we're gonna
release them season by season since
seasons 1 & 2 were so basic and a little
bit on the shorter side we decided to do
them on one DVD now the thought to me of
selling YouTube videos is ridiculous of
course so what we did is we added some
bonus features that are only available
on this DVD what you just saw about the
documentary there's like a 15 minute
trailer that has all of the og revive
dudes in it it just talks about like our
experiences back then it was such an
awesome time and then we also have
bloopers from that documentary and then
we have a skate session that is only
going to be available on the bonus
section of the DVD I don't know how fast
these are going to go but they we did
order less than we would do when we
order when we have our full-length skate
videos and it's only gonna be about 10
bucks I didn't want to charge as much as
we do for our falling skate videos I
want to keep the price a little lower
this is really just a passion project
I'm trying to keep cost down for
everybody so 10 bucks this is not
available digital download ok you can't
get the documentary anywhere else you
have to get a DVD you get a sitter couch
or your bed or wherever you watch DVDs
you're gonna watch it on your TV because
that's the best way to watch skate
videos honestly
spoiler alert so just an FYI but it
comes out on Black Friday along with all
of the winter line if you want to see
more of the winter line tune in this
Wednesday when we do the where else
Wednesday when we unveil it all and it's
a very solid line so you're gonna want
to check it out but you guys have a
great Monday and if it's not too cold
and gross get out and skateboard I'm
gonna do so in my skate park right over
here and if you can't skateboard then I
don't I'll play it again play Tony Hawk
pro skater - okay start there and then
just go down the line if you've done
that recently you play skate skate one
two and three great I just pointed
planning here today I'm gonna go so
tomorrow I have a new video and pretty
much every day this week guy videos so
tune in and hit the subscribe button if
you want to see more from me
and that is it you guys have a great day
peace be unto thee why have I been
saying that lately you know that there's
a bad thing I want peace totally to be
on to you now it just sounds weird I'm
gonna go
make a shot by your shot makes you up 10
bucks 10 bucks what's the shot oh good
yeah there's no hoop house you see if
you just threw it and got excited I
could yeah well well well it was good
pass yeah they could have been bad it
could have
