all right so I know you think this is
funny because Thomas just got smacked in
the waiter
crushed in the crotch tackled in the
testicles and it is okay I'll give you
that it was it was a funny clip oh but
the thing that really did it for me is
the fact that he said tree trick before
trying it did you hear the tone of his
voice is how long he was speaking gently
it's like a baby squirrel like something
too fragile to talk to so we had to talk
to it like a baby
I feel like it's a thing in
skateboarding if someone's saying
something stupid before they try a trick
they're going down the dumber it is the
worse the Falls gonna be so we see this
dude like singing about jelly beans
close your eyes he's dead you don't know
that dude anymore he's just not with us
but yeah this all happens to us and if
anything Thomas is good for is it is not
getting hurt like if you watch the fall
like the bonus of all sectional if skate
die like he bounces off the ground and
gets up and he just says like I'm all
right second Thomas no you're not you
just kind of bored in the gonads you're
not okay but apparently is parent purely
Thomas is terminator maybe that should
be his nickname from now on but sadly
I'm gonna have to break some news to you
actually did not get hit in testicles I
just like talking about people getting
hit in the Weiner here's what here's the
aftermath of what happened after he fell
always way better than a trick are you
alright yeah well congratulations you
just made fall Friday how do you how do
you feel that's definitely not it's cool
no one likes this video now but it kind
of makes me stop and think sometimes
like why why does are people less bummed
we got hit in the testicles you know oh
man I really wanted that guy to be in
pain it's kind of messed up and mean
honestly we are mean people but I stand
by my word that I wish I kind of wish
you would have got hidden in the Weiner
no I'm kidding I'm glad Thomas is okay
and he is still skateboarding day-to-day
today and he skates like a gum maniac he
was trying to switch heelflip variation
but he did
did not continue with that instead he
landed some other flip trick which I
will show you right now Oh success dude
I watching out for more videos of him
and Paul Friday's back people I hope you
guys liked it it's been a little while
because we've been moving into the new
warehouse and I miss the red I
definitely missed that but you'll get
used to this I promise it if you want to
see more videos like this I do daily
videos here so subscribe to my channel
and I'll yeah I'll be back and it with
another fall Friday in two weeks because
I do it like every other week typically
typically and I honestly don't know what
fall I'm gonna feature so I think I'm
just gonna go try to get a friend to
fall right now right now you with me
baby draft pumpkin we done we be done
so I'm back after the dentin apart and I
believe Sam tapers Texan messages text
messaging me does she'll be dumb I'm
taller right now what's your schedule
tomorrow also never text me again okay
all right
