welcome to shredders
three
scarcely ever
okay I'll back him up
goodbye
so yeah we've been keeping this a secret
for about three weeks now this is
straight quarters - pardon our dust is
every restaurant store says in the whole
world but I pretty much just want to
take a second to say thank you guys so
much we've been growing so fast and so
much over this year that we just needed
a bigger space that is thanks to you
guys we're gonna keep at it we're fixing
the stock issues right now and I'm just
I don't know I just I can't think guys
enough it's like a dream come true to
have my own little mini skate park where
I work and it's it's the best thing ever
like I can't even stress that if I keep
doing it my keep stressing that'll be a
broken record and that's what I do a lot
I stay tuned for more warehouse
Wednesday's with more options with more
freakin Bryan Ames beard look at you
computer of that thing pet you look
professional Bryan catch you flinched I
did I want
