q day time it is Q anytime with who
Christian why why not that was a good
answer you guys asked questions on my
facebook and we're there for Chris and
Brian Ames is gonna go through and pick
some out and Kristin good answer this is
my favorite segment I know you say that
up right no you are doing this is your
chance to redeem yourself with the jump
you my legs are jelly did I don't care
about your legs and Chris you have to
what we do about those rocks these rocks
over here yeah they're here Brian you
first the jump do it come on Brian who
those an office clerk
oh it's getting it's getting pathetic
next next video he's gonna land it
alright you did the jump yeah it's very
pathetic Krista to first try ever this
is his first rock adventure that is this
is the Midwest Christian I still can't
get over like the trees and I know every
but every place comes to the lake to
every house every building everywhere
it's gonna be like this question
repeated over and over again so just
knocking out no one Riley wants to know
how does it feel to beat Chris cold
pretty much ruled to watch you beat him
they like you can put that report card
on here not your fridge Mabley Ryan who
wants to know
what is the hardest trick it's
definitely a legit that I can't say
right now cuz I'm filming it for some
stuff maybe Ryan I think the hardest
trick I've learned so far on slack on
supply the backside gizelle he'll flip
and in second was 360 dolphin play see
that's what I can understand like the
first one I gotta like to think about it
it's like I
it sucks to visualize like it's one of
those things right I can't visualize
this easily I can't do it either like
even though like I remember I watched
you do that and like I
the hardest time figuring out exactly
what was actually happening yes it's
like Felix Oliver a parent wants to know
what your fares give you I watched a lot
of videos but you can say what's your
fare you telling you probably cevaz
seven cook-offs in paris video Japan
week in Paris it's kind of an old video
but it has a monkey song to it
oh and filaments that Villa Mo's Anita's
diagonal board
watch those right now Timothy Edward
wants to know what are you studying in
college I am studying kinesiology which
is the study of movement and encompasses
biomechanics physiology a lot of biology
health related stuff Exercise Science
and a lot of people who study it end up
doing physical therapy or occupational
therapy or end up going to grad school
sure questions George Scott wants to
know on a scale of zero to Kris how much
Brian would you be on that scale what
you pick that doesn't make sense
it doesn't make sense Dylan's trader
wants to know if you get a one
superpower what would it be one
superpower
can I get hit by copyrights every answer
ever oh my gosh that people really would
be a superhero power to fine we're gonna
stop time first it wasn't for me but I'm
telling you Doug does Patel's wants to
know what would you rather skate in Y
and eats there for transition defense
I tried skate tranny for fun
I wouldn't really sell them training but
I love skating for fun it's definitely
more fun than Nate's there if I'm
filming out Oh skate mates there yep
that's not a bad-size either he could
have said like 13 years old Jessie
Fralick wants to know what is your
all-time favorite trick let's trick
right now I really like accidents and
flat ground probably switch back Seth
look I can't doing that great but other
people do a switch backside flip if
you're very direct it's working look
today's that 80 correct right yes
absolutely boys dude I feel like you and
totally look like the the model
lumberjack seeing like the nice clothing
ads you over there public attention how
does it feel knowing you influenced
hundreds of novice Kate works 21 you
guys still keep me going even though I'm
still no good I feel like I feel like he
said it man I mean like that's awesome
it is it's like
all the nice things I that's the worst
part like then people say all these nice
things I don't have like physically
provide every person but it's awesome
like it's literally keeps it keeps us
going every day I think you know Timothy
thank you buddy
that means a lot that's Christian people
QA he has a YouTube channel gets you an
answer Chacho you will see the best flat
ground skater in the world and
everything else too so talented so
thanks for do this risk thank you so the
best thing about these videos that got
some distance that time dude
think I'm gonna use it on that song do
you think I'm gonna die I think you're
gonna die oh you didn't die I was trying
to stay there though you know I'm gonna
do it again watch this watch this record
yeah dude we need to come here like real
Mario Luigi out here there's some
potential and shoot on No alright come
on get your angle just walked through
that in your sock no way does that walk
through red stepped over it pretty sure
you did I did not ever since enough get
your Matty angling zoom in and zoom in
with this fisheye with your hands I'm
gonna land like a toad okay Christian
channel evil if you can hear us the wind
goodbye
