thomas get out of the car you got to do
tricks to the skate park let's do it is
that that made so much sense you got me
really wound up here cuz it's really
easy to fall slid out recycle baby
diapers yeah it kind of is a cycle baby
diapers oh dude that could have been
worse though oh my god is a newish back
it's the newest one ever lets see the
damage just like my bad it's not bad
it's just the nose I mean your hands
dirty on the board now every time I've
ever been to this part there's always a
mud pit right here two boys like no
matter how bright and sunny it is whoo I
liked it I like a shirt i like i like i
did not like that rock because that was
just not solid as he would guess her
lecture that was better that was my
speed that was weird that's good first
land that was perfect we won't do know
if you're 16 word like back in the day
you did that on this oh you're a long
time ago okay all right let's see ya
2014 version right yeah yeah oh I think
you got it
happy birthday Thomas you did it okay
high five Rock knock off high five how
do you measure the high sugar you
thinking I know it's late hey here on a
scale from one to ten do you think
you're gonna do and only baseman late
yeah okay good lovin was that bad yeah I
didn't like it all right I'll do it
again hey you perfect your trick right
yeah Rock 52 you just screwed that up
Oh Dallas sorry buddy oh oh whoa if I
would have just heard that I would have
I would have thought someone was like
about to get hit by a car that's it was
like from Star Wars no that's it felt
like I don't all bored in the mud pit do
you don't want it there
you
