you
literally the point of view is just
gonna stand of the shot okay
hey guys i hope you guys liked that
footage up to remind you guys that this
friday is a revived skateboard / force
wheels skate and hang you guys going to
come skate with us and we're going to
skate with you and hang out in general
it's going to be fun with all of the
midwest survive crew are going to be
here and then we also have Doug does
tells Aaron Cairo and Christian coming
into town so it's gonna be fun just to
make this video a little better we're
gonna give you a chance to win some
force wheels I have 52 a millimeter
pebble suck wheels they're currently
sold out but hopefully were going to
restock by the end of the week either
way you can win a pair right now going
to Instagram and you can get this image
boom on my Instagram that's at andys
rock and just repost it on your
Instagram and put a hashtag free force
wheels and we will pick a winner in
three days we grab the wheels and then
we'll also give two runner-up sticker
packs so get on that and then we will
see you on Friday guys are you excited
I'm excited I think Brian's been
throwing crap out of those really gonna
happen but the condensate goes right
down there if you didn't get that can
just go check out at any shock a screen
capture the image and then post it on
yours with a hashtag 34 squeals and
you're entered boat luck and see you
Friday Ali skate park October 17th at
7pm
you
