YouTube what's up guys this question
answer time and we're gonna answer the
questions that Andy asked you like 15 to
are you well why one why are you looking
over here and two questions that you
would never ask who are the questions
for therefore Alex yeah the four Alex
for you
it was Alex addition oh alright cool
we're gonna do this with the team more
often doesn't be fun a lot of really
good time doing this last time so I'm
stoked about it appreciate Brian's
skateboard out here dude I did give you
bone swiss there's some serious bearings
it was probably worth it it was pound of
cheese my board sometimes I'll go for a
whole new complete I got a crazy angle
oh wow you did do it without running it
was awesome be honest I am scared
standing on this I don't know if this
one dude this whole thing is rock
assignment find your first question
we're gonna find your public figure page
first you got the question I do all
right Taylor Dom wants to know what is
the worst trouble you've got in it's
cool it's cool it's cool it's kind of
cool I like this one did I i I was a
good kid in school I didn't get in any
trouble like I skipped one day and it
was for senior skip day so that is the
most boring reason sorry alright you
skip we had like like we call the
digital study hall yeah basically it was
like a design class and we had a teacher
that didn't show up to a bunch of the
classes and we skipped it like every
single in this last period I skipped
school like every day well that's also
my senior high school I never got
trouble for it though so I wasn't didn't
get in trouble but I did that
well Latimer wants to know if I push
hard enough will I grow a beard like
Brian's there's nothing to do with Alex
why'd you pick that I think that's true
I think that's how I grow it I get up in
the morning I push really hard in there
Simon Stewart wants to know would you
ever leave revived for a bigger company
no way Tristan Thomas wants to know what
is the hardest trick to land in what is
your favorite like personally yeah so
what's what's the hardest trick you can
do and what's your favorite trick the
hardest trick probably that a full cab
weight back foot nothing same full cab
leaflet yeah done that once and then my
favorite trick I mean it's pretty lame
to say but a kickflip that is the winner
every time always always a forever Alex
Kim wants to know how did you you all
become friends oh wow I knew of Andy
because Andy is just like super famous
even before he was famous and I used to
skate with Wes and listen Andy got in
contact and was like hey we're gonna go
skate with Andy schrock and I'm like
yeah we are and then the rest of it okay
I had like some videos that got popular
in high school I was you famous
you were your local famous alright well
in the skate world just regular dude
that wears red Tom Hepworth says or asks
who is your favorite pro skater Carrie
gets okay good question that's a good
answer yeah Daniel P Ellie wants to know
what made you like mini boarding this
guy giving me at ingerbord board dude
joking now it's it's still joke but it's
fun you're really talented my gosh we
are avenge 32 I believe it is go look it
up that's the moment that he got one
Tyler Grier wants to know how did Alex
get into skating and what was his first
trick well I got into scape
skateboarding because my mom rented Tony
Hawk pro skater the first one and I
remember being a little upset cuz i'm
like i'm not a skateboarder why do i
want to skate video I don't want to
skate game anyway
I mean Wes played it and was immediately
hooked when I had to go return it after
the five day rental remember classic
five-day rentals yeah I knew that was
the same people don't
what's his mom went out and rented it
for us so we could just finish the game
and then
Weston's mom bought him a Vera flex gate
board from Walmart and the rest is
history
because we still skate Walmart boards
first trick I did was a fake
really yeah nollie heelflip did not heal
before you ollie well before an ollie
no Ollie I can't look Wyatt McLane asks
he wanted to fight a grilled cheese
sandwich
or a taco do you know that's rum Brian I
don't oh my gosh I feel like I know that
it's from hot rod oh that's right
it's not you know what wins no Joe Joel
jargon wants to know what is the hardest
trick here to film for let's get done oh
definitely the fakie big spin down Nora
day that that was like many multiple
multiple sessions to get that one and
you did it though
finally Thank You V spins are weird
downstairs they float but I just been
Kraus wants a new iPhone or GoPro that's
a good question
iPhone because that's my roots and
honestly I think the quality is better
on an iPhone but GoPro you can store
more so I like I mixed the iPhone you
can download apps and do a lot of things
that GoPro you can't edit on it and so
now I'm gonna I phone for sure it's I
agree but GoPros are awesome yeah
Charlie Shepherd wants to know Alex what
was your worst slam ever ever ever I
don't know about hardest slam I mean I
roll my ankle a lot which those put me
down for a while yep but probably in
live skate died when my truck came apart
and I fell backwards downstairs every
time I see it this next question is just
we can just reiterate this forever Molly
Smith wants to know do you ship to the
UK yes yes yes all over everywhere TJ
Doyle wants to know would you rather
fight a duck sized horse or a horse
sized duck yeah duck sized for a duck
sized it would be really easy to beat
the crab emphasized duck sized horse you
just can't that you would deer punch
clearly we like animals though yeah I do
these questions are getting so
repetitive and ridiculous I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna ask a question that I
want to do but I'm gonna make a call
name James Pam Tamkin wants to know yes
James is it just stressful to be filming
for another full-length and do you think
you'll be better for then your let's
keep that part it's a little stressful
I'm not worried about if it's better or
not I think I'm more stressed trying to
keep up with the force guys because if I
gotta fill in for sparked to that's
after the room those guys are so good
yeah
I'm just gonna try and keep it fun like
always and we'll see what it turns out
to be that's a good attitude all right
but thanks for asking now it's questions
I'm gonna do this with all the team and
of course do it for myself
here but for now we're gonna be done and
then next time we'll do it we'll do with
Bryan Ames again our use you're still
looking at questions some of them are
just gone thank you for whenever I do
problem it's gone
oh I got in the slug that time yeah
that's why I told you to stay around
fully aware of that
also Alex's YouTube channel here on
YouTube and if you guys want to see some
awesome content of him the channel link
is right down in the info so go to it
right thank you
pretty low for some reason I thought
you're gonna slap me
