well we're at the beach why not why
wouldn't I want to film that was amazing
shirred egg fine hi we had the beach
skateboarding jaycee park oh please do
that Brian just want to give a skate
doing one day buddy two in one day but
he won two he won one game today but in
the series and kind of the California
series though he beat me that's not a 2d
so you gotta step up a good job that's
it yeah everyone knows when you hit a
tree you good he'll good thank you house
which his heart flip it awesome it is
just stupid how good he is he is so
talented skateboarding it's ridiculous
swear everything looks crazy amazing
with this on the background crazy
amazing there's a kirk amazing that's
why i should say dude just leave just
keep going go away
what got the ender okay he ended ended
gone dunnos fun that's a wrap goodbye
some girls were screaming because they
saw they I can't even dude played
bowling for friends with shoes
