YouTube what is up guys I am doing an
art griptape time-lapse video except I'm
doing it this time JP is not I'm going
to do a stranger things graphic and I
really think that I could screw this up
hopefully I don't I'm gonna grab a deck
I'm gonna grip it and then we will get
to it there he is
there's my dude how you doing mmm he's
very excited that I picked about all
right I'll put you so the new revived
Holliday line comes out later on black
on black friday and the unveil of the
dex comes out on tuesday but you didn't
teased here's a new shot those are only
tease here's a blatant unveil on the
deck this is the cat pizza deck i don't
know what we're gonna name this yet but
I'm gonna put some grip tape on this JP
Coover is the dude the man with the plan
actually I came up with the plan he came
up with this skill I ride for AM grip
but AM grip has cutouts and I'm gonna
use Jessop for this because it's just a
clean sheet all right I'm gonna grip
this be gripped there we go look it is
ripped we're good to go let's go to my
office and get my paint pens out and put
some stranger things in this on this
board this entire series boiler alert is
really good I didn't know this is I
forgot this was like so purple but I
like it so pizza - I really like it
alright so I'm putting and kind of this
image on the board I'm gonna try to make
it big and not just be like a small guy
down here I wanted to take up like a
good like third of the skateboard so I
got a lot of paint pens I'm of course
using red and I've got some orange and
yellow to try to make it like a fire in
the sky type vibe and if you've seen
stranger things - you know exactly how
this looks I got black for the actual
shadow monster I know the grip tapes
black but I'm gonna go over and black to
make it really dark and I got white and
silver for some highlights in to lighten
up submergence certain areas I am NOT a
skilled artist and I've done some
griptape art videos that I'm that I'm
proud of it I'm happy with but this is
one that I could definitely screw up so
don't judge me too hard if this sucks I
hope it doesn't but uh I'm gonna get to
it
let's start this time-lapse
boom here we go it came out I didn't
disappoint myself and it came out pretty
cool but I just wish I had more time
this is funny because this is like one
of the more simpler looking arch
griptape time lapses I've done this is
the first one I've had my buddy film and
edit so hopefully it doesn't take him
forever to go through it but um there it
is
you came out pretty cool especially for
distance it doesn't look as cool up
close so do you guys it probably looks
pretty cool I don't know I think I'm
going to not right now but eventually
put the stranger things logo right here
that would take me a second I need to
get more markers and that is exactly
what I decided to do because I swear it
looks better in my eyeballs but here it
is after I got done with this yesterday
I really felt like it needed something
over here and now it feels like a full
piece so this is cool I'm gonna put this
on my wall I'm pretty proud of this I
know I could do better if I did this
again but you know I don't have a lot of
time in my life so to be able to do
something like this especially on a show
that I am really passionate about and I
love it just feels good to step away
from my normal work life and just create
something and like make something like
this so there you guys go
there's my stranger things drip tape
pretty much my favorite things came out
of the 80s I just loved so much from
that time period it's like my favorite
era and then so when this show came out
I've turned it on and I was like oh my
gosh I'm a kid again watching late night
TV and then just I don't know or movies
you know that I'd grew up watching I was
a I was like a baby in the 80s but still
all the stuff from the 80s was really
popular in the 90s from when I was
growing up so it's just awesome anyone
who works on that show you are lucky
you're so lucky I would love to be able
to get my hands dirty but something that
rad and just watch it and then the whole
world is in love with it like I just
love the show and I'm sure you're the
same way but if anyone knows the duffer
brothers out there tell them I
challenged them to a game of magic I
found they played that and I was like a
failure dude that's what got me into
skateboarding actually is playing card
games and then a skateboard made his way
into the comic shop and then it changed
my life so there you guys go hope you
took this video like I said there here's
a little sneak peek one of the new decks
for all skateboarding needs I have a
long line of skate shops red course comm
watch stranger things if you already
haven't and if you already have watch
again cuz
good thank you guys for watching I do
videos here all the time so hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
and I'll see you guys probably tomorrow
if not the next day for sure
Earl you don't say bye go up here and be
at the video you always so crumbly when
I move you around
look hi Earl alright whatever
I'm gonna go guys peace out you leaving
are you leaving now you're staying no
now you're leaving
oh we bringing back the bottle flip for
the bonus clip full bottle that's gonna
be I don't want to hurt that we'll move
it full filled bottle Flitz is what 2018
s you'd be all about and everyone's
gonna be here all day because it never
happens I'm so done with this I'm
already double 2018
