boom major is back here on my channel
and you might have seen some of that
footage because a lot of it's from their
last year's Halloween that went viral ok
it was miley cyrus skateboarding kind of
looked like here's some people were like
wait is that actually her but it's
amazing video and you just saw some of
the footage from it and a major crew
actually does the do this every year and
I cannot wait until this year's comes
out I actually asked me to be in a bunch
of the YouTube skateboard guys to be an
end I unfortunately can't fly to Texas
this month I'm really busy but it's not
gonna matter because they're gonna throw
down so much that it won't they won't
need any extra people but if you dug
this go check out major to see more of
their footage the screens go change here
in a second to be the bottom link I do
daily videos here myself so hit the top
link for me but the important part is
check out major okay they're amazing
they whoa that's it I'm done here and
I'll be back I have one more major video
refer as I'm now so you're gonna see a
little more on my channel but if you
subscribe to them you get to see it when
it comes out so go do that or else or
else I'll just keep walking and talking
in the yard dogs
