bad to the print branch is pointy high
beam you got what it takes don't worry
about the Sun Sun got it uh-oh what's
going down down call someone collects
this is happening no one knows what
calling collect means backside noseblunt
the tornado oh we did it switch 1080 off
oh hi Andy I was going uphill hey handy
good I don't know what happens but he's
got on me get away from me being here
you're right burglar freaking a must
broke my mind it sticks why would I get
it do ya go I'm just kiddin I wasn't
scared although this bugs oh my gosh got
much of mini flies flying on my fly for
Venezuela no that was hit dude that's we
gotta do you got to do it for your home
home country ah well at least a quarter
pipe kind of cradled you
shoot you got my face on your shirt
nothing not far at all you don't deserve
anything
I'm gonna be why did you film that is
you really don't
