adventures in California so I lollie I
want to poop place get out of this video
we're at poly high school and this is
basically where I grew up I used to like
visit Riverside all the time and I can't
really skate but I'm gonna make these
dudes skate my thighs are so he's lying
about what what were that one there is a
drop you to the free kick in the face
but seriously I'm really excited to be
here it's like being a little dude again
except i was never little when i was
here but i was littler ish skateboard
you second the skateboard here yeah that
was a good clip I'm gonna cut that I'm
gonna cut to that clip right now
get on here dude you got it my turn
Brian yes i'll have the forced air five
tries if you do it you get uh nothing
all right oh you got it the crack is
upsetting you sorry nice shirt and I
never never seen that one before oh you
only have one more try so all right
decommission on the bright side you
didn't win nothing we're trying oh no
success get it can you eat can you walk
chef boyardee Doug you know how it's
hard handrails are good like if you do a
60s here it's really it's good that's
all right that's good but it's way
harder to do a three stare you should do
with you should boresight this three sir
it's like h1 maybe not harder but it's
it's it's it's it's it's look at this
rail I want to see you do it come on
I'll get it the craziest thing it looks
so big nope there's like a Grand Canyon
crack at the bottom
oh you did the impossible should be
undercover a thrashers is better than a
16 sir hammers that is disgusting those
are all cockroaches we were sitting
there I know long time wonder if they do
this one here it would run back and we
run back doc kind of Lee yeah I'll mess
with you i wish i could have skated here
but my thighs feel like raw bacon we're
leaving
hey yo well there's a bridge am I in the
tropical area you're wearing right shirt
for it yeah all right this is like it's
like a walking vacation
