what's up guys i just want to throw this
who you up here to say that revived and
force are doing a demo wow it's a demo
but it's more like going to skate and
hang because i don't like the idea of
like come watch escape we want you guys
to come and skate with us at ollies
skate park on the seventeenth october
17th is 7 p.m. so if you're anywhere in
the Midwest you need to get there we're
having Aaron Cairo rubbing duck does
tails and force rider Christian and then
Jordan hunter from the forest team and
then all of the Midwestern vibe guys are
going to be there it's gonna be a great
time and we want you to be one of the
people hanging out with us so if you
want any info go to ollies website down
the info i think it's just skate Ollie's
calm but it's just like normal sessions
applies so if you want to skate you just
got to pay that whatever it costs to
skate for a couple hours and you get to
hang out with us hi Ryder but definitely
get there guys I'll do another reminder
next week but this is it this is the
first forewarning okay Ali's October
17th 7pm is it to Sonny yeah they see
you at Ali's hey that's like you're
ender every single time buddy see it all
these guys
you
