tramp time tramp tramp boarding tramp
boarding that's tramptown sounds we all
right yeah
hit that tramp off the shoe what was
that what was that that was that looked
awesome ha ha ha kick it to oblivion
don't do the head you have to a guy
alright get it I promise I'll get it
geez
that's what oh shoot I'm like that right
if you flew in to us that we would rate
we would all be dead I'll be fun for you
especially bad for you die I know this
one I'm too close Wow oh I was butter
dude money
you got it
that was like pulling sandy that's like
ridiculous let's see if I could say
three things about that it'd be stupid
we got some Airy you look like you look
like a legging so you look like woman's
leggings winner yet a good way
how I missed ya how you miss there's a
lot way you know how like I even got
your hand in there
that was awful geez apiece it's pretty
good yep
Wow mm-hmm you are such a how is a high
five
