so yeah that just happened tailslide and
dragging flip out or three CC forward
flip or whatever name you want to call
it but that's incredible i'm pretty sure
James is the first person to do that
that was James Weber and he kills it on
a skateboarder but he also has a YouTube
channel that's that bottom link right
there definitely check it out it
actually was his birthday yesterday so
you should follow him on Instagram his
name is at push blocks and go tell had
birthday and then just keep things
interesting tell them what you eat for
lunch too uh I do daily videos for
myself though that's that top link so
click that if you want to sub to me but
mainly check out James and I will see
you guys in the few to the chair by the
way I had a salad for lunch today it was
alright i would rather had some tacos
but you know it was alright
