Oh c-come on here come here come here
all right this banker here I'm gonna try
to 720 double football I'm good I've
stuck it will bite twice in my life I've
landed the trick it's just out here
let's take it today stick as you did
if I if I don't I don't land we're gonna
film somebody else - - make sure he's
gonna be landed today we see a guy
talking to herself in a narrator voice
alright stop it I'm in another why I
tried triple flip okay I haven't landed
this in a long time let's just say I'm
even tried at home so let's start with a
double and let's let's proceed with the
triple well that was weird my style on
kick flips and double flips long has
been a little funky since I've been back
but I have an excuse right then I just
came back into skateboarding that excuse
is gonna run out though so you know
month don't let me sit first thing about
this is that every bank of this park is
grounded so it's like all you know all
in off like a roll of toilet paper
concrete the concrete rollatini well
times up for me or I have a little bit
longer but this Bank is just too round
and then I can't 720 double clip right
now but I'm getting much to expect so
I'll get those eventually both those for
you guys I'm gonna film some other
people so you have some tricks to watch
all right thank you flip back tail no
hey you pull back trivia yeah sorry I'm
an idiot
looks like a revive a head dude why do
you not rule away it's like the end of
Super Mario Brothers the movie when
cliff haned and there was never a sequel
Oh you'd stars struck dude this the
ledge yeah you missed the ledge but that
was still it like we were game of tag
that tree would have been in gonna fall
that's just it I guess we have days like
this like you didn't lock into your
trick properly
you kind of did it though at least you
like did it you know your old away I
landed one trick that I can do all the
time and then failed really bad
everything else you sometimes have to
suck yep said that strawberry to redeem
myself I'm into a fakie big spin tails
on first track hey okay sometimes you
just suck
Thank You Justin Tucker filming Alana
curl is how you pronounce it
I've known this guy since I'm like since
I was like I don't know 16 teen I don't
even think you drove and I don't even
know how to pronounce his last name the
whole time I'm still corn yellow Nagar
