okay sir you are supposed to be in your
chair because we're doing an unboxing
video right why maybe why cuz we got a
box oh yeah
Ottawa rail fingerboard oh wow - bag
what's up guys I have a package here
from AM grip who I'm actually writing
for and there's a smudge of the lens but
yes AM grip is owned by Doug DISA tells
and he asked me to hop on board and I
was like yes by all means buddy I
support you and I love what you're doing
but without further ado what's this it's
not really an unboxing video it's
unbagging video right but it's still
called an unboxing because that's what
they're called
it helps me if you make that face do it
oh do that make that face all right
straight through it okay first things
first we have a sheets of grip tape so
here it is okay and they're right there
I don't know if you can see it so much
here I put my hand behind it I'll put on
my shirt see boom cut out so when you're
putting this on your board you can put
stickers behind it it looks really cool
a lot of people already done some
awesome stuff in it so when I do my next
board setup video watch out because I'll
have my own but yeah here it is standard
standard size grip tape has a nice grip
to it I would say it's like it's rougher
without being actual rough grip tape so
I feel like this is good because it
still won't tear through your shoes fast
but it'll grip a little better than a
lot of the other standard rips out there
so I'm real excited for this you're
opening my package sir what's the next
what's next great point another piece of
group tape yes another piece of grip and
I'm not gonna undo this one because I
just showed you that so I have two
sheets of grip yeah nerds
we should eat these right now would you
like a nerd there you go nerd oh no I'm
not getting a bunch of candy for Subway
straw you know what I'm actually I'm
excited about this I know it's funny and
random but there are plenty of times
where I need a straw in my house so boom
thank you for the straw I'm a pixie
stick which want to sample some of this
your mom's gonna be like why did you
give him pure sugar we got we've got fun
dip there's like a Halloween we're not
gonna open up that one I gotta lock eyes
sticker which is
anam but uh I'll take it ridin love
stickers
got some Orion stickers ironically
enough pizza knees too am skater which
is uh Doug's alias online I got a note
that says Andy thank you for all your
support stoked to have you on board Doug
Desa tells how chef and skater yeah
babby that's a trap Sam hat does have
that who is that on there is that Doug
that is Doug kill a toilet paper
do me a toilet paper no I got my
favorite ironically enough some Vermont
stickers that I gave him to begin with
another ant ascator I really love this
graphic q-tips a wet wipe from Buffalo
Wild Wings we got the ETM skater sticker
and I think that is it's a box points
for Mike fruit snacks or something so
that was the randomest package that i've
ever gotten so thank you Doug just tell
us for the entertainment and the grip
tape of course I cannot wait to put this
on a skateboard is that it like I said
if you want to check out am grip
there'll be a link to the store right
down in the info but uh expect some
awesome things happen you want nerds
what just wait
can you calm yourself I love you there
is my unboxing your unbagging video guys
I didn't want to put this up when Doug
was out of stock because I felt like a
month and a half ago but he's back in
stock now so you guys gonna get all
hyped up and grab a sheet of grip if you
want to the link is right down the info
and I'll show you some footage here for
me and that might just be my where else
Wednesday footage so whatever you see is
what happens but here is what I did with
my grip shape I did a bound graphic
which is my favorite video game and that
is about it I do daily videos here so
stay tuned tomorrow and then make sure
you check out am grip and Doug just
cells thank you very much for including
me on this I'm pretty hyped until that
guy's it's like Harry Potter you know
like swish and flick boom troll get
falling in the dungeon yeah yeah that's
all that one
Oh a box-like step I'm look at you dude
if there's a vampire of cardboard I'd be
done
I'm gonna go run back and grab something
will you talk to YouTube or just like
last time talk to you to start out this
in itself how business we have we
stopped you YouTube yeah I got a pic
keep it on
I'm like I'm glad I came back now
because you're touching YouTube say bye
hi give you two a high-five boom
