I kick the door I kick you the door
alright I'll cut your old door kick
their really far away from here really
they're really far far away
yeah you guys guys in front there's an
army too
all right buddy James don't get mad nah
so this week we're gonna do straight
hammers normally we only make somebody
do one trick but you're really good so
good shake a hammer so this is double
dragon addition you got to do all
impossible 5050 and pressure flipped
else likes I know you can do both of
those you can take 10 minutes to warm up
no no you get three tricks to warm up
through tricks okay that's fine and if
you do it in ten minutes then you get a
force t t-shirt for sure all right you
know it's been a while since we've done
one of these where you get hit in the
face I'm trying to like stop kicking
shoes all right three more Road tricks
you good
the first person to bluntslide the new
box again knew their point out that he
did not miss one trick you just kind of
killed it so uh are you ready ten
minutes probably impossible pity let's
see it Brian did you clearly this trick
should be hard for you oh yes yes yes
yes yes James wants to do it again
perfect perfection look it up on
Wikipedia that tricks on there three
more minutes
hey technically you're there okay let's
just smooth it out and you're good
oh that was butter did you get like the
same angle I did good in your camera -
Ashley yes I'm gonna force a for shirt
upon you now because you did it oh you
want to see it you see it you know I
want to give him his prize oh my gosh do
you like red or black no he gets first
Pat that's the one
yep good job buddy double dragon double
dragon
I said nothing about throwing them
though
