your life in my life both flash before
my eyes are you okay are you well then
good 5505 up somebody high five that guy
oh my gosh I got a face full sweat do it
again like my face hit right here whoo
now how do I get down got dang it beanie
I'll tailhook won't you grab that bench
well that was not you didn't mean to do
that he kind of didn't land it does that
count uh I mean in my book yeah well I
don't even mind the short boat too so
sticking with it well that was waived
that was way better than if you would
have landed and rolled away so how hard
was that to get air off of should be
called the no air bump my ice skated
into it oh jeez somebody oh I ran into
the one yeah there's a note in that tree
what a weird guy a way to happy I so
handy hey hey hey stop it I missed I
mean no keep going hey hey stop it we're
gonna shoot stop it we're done with this
we're gonna go to help stop it we're
done with this we're freaking out we're
gonna go to California we're gonna find
him does that sound good yeah
oh stop it does that sound good
just put a picture on Instagram and this
Caleb Hutton said sweet and then he said
tell Andy schrock i said hi so Andy
Caleb says hi Caleb what's up buddy I
just wanted you to know Caleb that I
told him yeah and now it's publicly that
we know you said hi no look at those
pictures but hey I'm gonna 55 you and
then you have five Caleb how do I do
that
you
