hey what's up guys let's take a look
outside cool it's gloomy just like it
has been for weeks months probably here
in Cincinnati started stuck inside and
I'm doing a vlog of soda we recently got
a lot of new skateboards in stock for
the release coming up this Black Friday
and I'm gonna put my friend to a test
using a lot of them a hundred
skateboards we're gonna be we're gonna
be creative but I got a rock some things
here in my life first and so I hang out
with me for the day I'm going to finish
up a grip tape art piece that I that
goes up tomorrow the video goes up
tomorrow but I'm gonna add something to
this board so I'm gonna be mysterious
and you guys are not gonna be able to
see the whole piece but tomorrow if you
check back you'll be able to see it then
what do you guys want to fill spicy
gummies go ahead look how big they are
me somebody huge dude big gummy things
as gross you want eat right afterwards
maybe I'll come back oh my god
all right so I'm done doing the arch
griptape stuff that video comes out
tomorrow I'll show you the side of it
that I was working on but to see the
full art graphic thing that I did you'll
tune in tomorrow oh that's what it's
about this is a habanero gummies is
there any is it anything like wait so
the eating as much as they worth it a
little bit a little flavor but it's not
hot the ghost pepper one is unbelievably
hot really hot yeah that would die oh no
I get dizzy a little bit I mean it's not
hot but I can taste heat yeah some
dramatic photos around chambers
I guess all right I'm gonna go to try
skateboard okay and some things are
gonna happen good this gonna be is gonna
be a thing that's a batch agenda when
you ten of these because that is math
kc-10 done sense 100 yep good job you
graduated cop will that work success we
got new skate obstacles so Craig I mean
Craig's you all for it
blasted it first try Frank it's good
feel like this is it's way easier for
Craig because he's like eight feet tall
it's so good I'm nice I like a jerk now
you're such a jerk dude I'm sorry
that was good whoa
that was super good so just tell the
camera what you're about to try
paul-jean 100 skateboards what this is
not suit if you even do this Craig
Oh gotcha was it
that is how you do the hundred board
challenge I don't know why it's called
that but that was incredible
that was it you can tell because my hand
is pointing at you
whoa switching it up he is that's what
he's doing right now
oh not dumb but I've never seen it done
on a flap on a rail in general are you
alright I have no idea what happened to
you you're not now you're getting up
sounds good time that's scared the crap
out of me are you okay yeah good
you did good
I did one you hun do one more I wanted
to do one more but it's a little odd are
you up for the throne challenge yeah
that's what YouTube wants and we see
weird okay then I want to see what they
saw last week
Oh was that I know you're trying to do
with the fact that you just need to
switch no slide or whatever that was our
note in front so that knows those prints
a dupe slowed it down to five
you've done this before I swear it
Booya what weird dream did you have to
make you think to do that
yeah it helps your back tails though
does it back tail for a volleyball court
okay right so I thought I was gonna
skate today but I've been getting over a
sickness recently I just feel kind of
gross I literally was sweating just from
filming I feel just so much take it easy
today and hopes that I feel better
tomorrow hey dude there's your dog if
you want to want to leak ajani's per
board go Garrett oh that's what he wants
oh my gosh yes that's what you're on
hills does he onesie what this is just a
piece of woman you did is he allowed Oh
No okay sorry put that back that's it
what do you have there John I got
Johnny's board like I said Geiger it
does so we could be great Johnny's your
husband you know it could be could be
Billy guy you're throwing up that's
pretty cool down there you guys go
there's a leak I'm tomorrow's video also
has a leaks or check it out so because
I'm crazy and didn't explain this in the
video these leaks are from our new
revive skateboards winter line it comes
out on Black Friday there's a ton of
awesome new products I got a dude ugh I
gotta make a letter for Doug's package
how am I supposed to do Doug's art how
am I supposed to do Doug's letter huh
you are the goofiest looking dong I've
seen my life sorry that's the truth but
in cute
you're weird-looking you're cute
wish I'd draw Casey piece of pizza
inside a car I'm gonna draw an angry
pizza puking up a car
here's Doug's letter have this Casey
Oh was that coming out soon
thank you for State Board you killed it
you really killed it thank you thank you
guys free work i'm peacing out all right
so I'm leaving work for the day you guys
didn't get to see all the boring stuff
at Jews day but there was a lot of it
because this next week it all goes down
Black Friday is huge for us we have all
our new revive gear that comes out along
with the other companies so make sure
you tune in to this week's warehouse
Wednesday when we show you all of it um
but yeah I'm gonna go home and film a
video with my son right in and then I'm
gonna go out with the dudes to see
Justice League and I will tell you guys
what I think about it and you'll see
snippets for the rest of my day so hang
out with me let's go you immediately
want candy when you get home what yeah
oh you did with your paycheck yeah yeah
all right guys I gotta film a fun video
with little guy that you don't get to
see but tune in Tuesday and you will get
to see it so we are done we did a little
karate video it's a lot of fun and I do
some none chucking in it so you should
check it out just for that but right and
did a lot of cool stunts he tried to
jump into a bean bag and failed and just
fell yeah it was pretty funny but he
gets about 15 minutes a day with his
iPad so he's using that and I'm gonna
get ready cuz Casey's coming over and
we're gonna go to the dinner and then
movies what a bunch of dudes are not
just case and I had sounded weird and
you're gonna grab my grandpa's right
minecraft beanie looks cool all right
you know have a good time at almost and
give me those
no they're not I love you I used to be
intact one day and I bought some ninja
turtles growing up of course
chinese-food yes Justice League your
other name mr. t things that yeah let's
go do it right now and I'll come back
here and I'll tell you what I thought
about Justice League it's gonna be it's
gonna be it's gonna be fun gonna be
movie but I'm not gonna think and do it
I'm not going into it was your
expectation yeah it's definitely a movie
so who do you think forgot to film
because they were just hanging out with
their friends having a good time I'm so
sorry
soon I will do a vlog of soed where I
actually go out and do things in
fulfillment I was just trapped with the
gloomy sky indoors today but Justice
League I was going in with a mine that
housing it's just gonna be a fun movie
let's just watch it and it's still hard
I mean it did that it's it has a better
tone than a lot of DC movies but there's
just some things that just make me smack
my forehead but definitely go see it a
Wonder Woman is fantastic and that
Batman is pretty cool there's definitely
some things wrong with it but if you're
going to just go out and have a good
time and don't think too much into it
and you're gonna like it but my gosh
there's some things that's it though I
hope you guys enjoyed this video I have
a really cool art time-lapse like I said
earlier in the video coming up tomorrow
so check that out and then where else
Wednesday I'm going to show you guys all
the new revive stuff so tune in videos
all-time hit the subscribe button right
below the video if you want to see more
from me and I also used him I'm wearing
oh yeah purpley I'm wearing like Justice
League I didn't mean to do this what I'm
doing Zubrin on my thigh that was weird
weird right
agree to have fun I think you're gonna
love this video yeah I'm eating you're
eating well look dude
hey let me see this you're not eating
this one because I am yeah that's can
you can at birth
no thanks buddy another one yeah yeah
give me the one in your mouth
