this is how you properly put your
skateboard in your car this is we want
revenge 4746
don't throw up
oh hey where are we yes we are actually
didn't hurt why my skin funny this trick
all right to see these dorks
incarcerated no retarded
friend request denied
see holder is gonna be a horrible day
yeah it sucks yeah but it was an
accident
I mean someone did this to me I'm
leaving no you're not
Sam flew already what's up buddy hey man
how's it going it's going good thing
you're asking we're about to skate some
bench that beanie has beena you got a
bench beanie has a bench so why would we
skate these awesome benches and we have
a playground right here right dude
please do that first time odd camera
second trying real life that was really
good do it on that one that counts that
counts somebody 5m5 them somebody there
you go yeah yeah oh oh well I got it so
I got four points was that it is that
how it works
yeah that's what I got I got four points
I don't know did I film that they like
jogged my break
alright alright alright
beany next time you should just hit a
baseball instead
why would anyone do a skateboard trick
when they could just mow a lawn
tram time tram tram forwarding
transporting that's tram time itself
alright excuse of obnoxious music yeah
well it's fun you just say that again I
had fun I had more fun huh all right you
win cool what now we skateboard cool
what now we skateboard they were the
airbump I have not seen anyone do
anything off this who said that Casey
you I have not seen anyone do a trick
off this in like I don't know ten years
or something credible foot it's gotta be
good it's called the air bump so you
need to like you need to be tender it's
gonna tear you you've start over there
and you push and then you keep pushing
and then you keep pushing and eventually
get there with a lot of speed and you
just bump often into the air I'll skate
the flat bars as well thank you will not
do that I'm always eating in your video
all right let's see people trying to
juggle for attention
yelling but they don't know what they
even protest for simply sour faces when
I artistry is mentioned the needle will
trap you think he in the lottery Freeman
to rock they told me to stop they said I
was only me at the top I just even shot
so believe in my salsa claiming I'm
bring that guitar in for stardom I'm
starving
I'm always very embarrassed about the
brain of a car
permission
but I wanna know what I meant to be
this is after session bumper bowling
saber sit right here we're gonna launch
these over you off the bumper
why don't we quickly switch this to
after session bump baseball double
that's a double right there come on
freakin bring it and that is why we just
did that
what are you doing beanie all right let
me get over there
this episode continues in Ryan Bracken
having my face on his shirt
yep at least everyone doesn't have my
face and their shirt you punch the
camera how
Alex been shredding
all this
over here hey you want to wrap this
episode up buddy will try his Yali
somewhere online there's a picture of me
with like just like Fabio black hair
like blowing in the way into dahling
this torn hundred they just punch you
hit me oh my good success well that's a
wrap
episode done that's for you get off your
phone no I got a weird text message tell
me to meet up somewhere why are you here
you got that text - yeah I saw some dude
walking over there this is weird is that
somebody oh they're in the woods there's
a note in that tree
hey remember we were in Chicago yeah we
just gave my gas you shouldn't have done
that and now I'm out for blood if you're
lucky you'll find me before I find you
from now I'll be in jail
Andy Andy what are you doing what am i
doing do you not understand what's
happening right now Sam think for one
second about the whole episode your
truck breaking the code that tie flip
was so bad in the horse shooting out do
you think this is coincidence all of it
all of it has been Brad Pitt hey hey
stop it
we're done with this we're gonna go to
California after you're done freaking
out we're gonna find him does that sound
good
well thank you for slapping me I deserve
that all of them but I can't help but
realize that this is cow houses fault
yeah nice approve that guy dude Hebrew
and everything if you just wouldn't
skated that would get stupid Brad Pitt
off our backs
I guess we get four back to living in
720 more Kyle idiot yeah Kyle Kyle idiot
