warehouse wins Alex good to see you
buddy I haven't seen you in like five
minutes
dude we been doing good man good good
well Andy broke the box manually I know
someone else broke it and then I kind of
finish it off with a nose man you so you
got to do one trick but you have to
incorporated both rails
I'm Tony Hawk style okay okay how does
that all the time Tony Hawk pro skater
oh you get three tricks going through
tower three tricks to warm up you only
get three trips no more okay you don't
do three tricks warm up good idea right
now anybody all right but if you land it
$10 ha ha ten bucks
oh yeah do it without messing up bro I
can't I ever need a hand all right this
is what you have to deal with whoa okay
trick right and trick in one trick are
you down just trick sure all right well
do three tricks warm up
it warms up with a front one like your
first trick one more warming did you
skate outside missed one one at a four
tries to do this do it for Tony Hawk do
it for Activision woo hey Bryan Ames
leaving oh that was the start man you
were like it to go a monopoly man rolled
the dice let's see what happens oh this
is scary
it's a little scary Oh anytime you could
sing sing about the things being okay
you know I mean you know okay alright
mid video challenge I'm gonna see if I
can punch a hole in this left-handed aka
swish no I'll try again sometime you're
just gonna go for the lippy lips slide
time you are Tony yeah they are $10 for
you and for me
redemption
okay all right so you did a 50/50 all
eats a 50-50 lip that happened
hey you know you succeed I mean yeah you
literally went further than we were
asking you because you did three like
needed that was amazing
