all right I don't know how many of you
guys made the connection but Taylor cook
who was skating right there was plucked
straight from the video game skate or
die for like old Nintendo original
Nintendo I mean with a bright shorts and
no shirt and kill the skatepark like
that like he's like dead on the video
game and that gets you somewhere hey
because in the video game if you kill
the halfpipe long enough you know a girl
pops out of the house next door she's
like hey you didn't make out with you
boom you're freaking you're making out
okay because you didn't you didn't some
skateboarding tricks but no seriously
guys this is Phil my buddy Mason and he
has a youtube channel here so if you
want to see more from Mason and Taylor
click the bottom link when the screen
changes the end of the video and that'll
take you there and you'll see more
amazing skate footage I do daily videos
here myself so the top link will be me
but mainly check out Mason and enjoy it
ok and go tell them Taylor like dude do
not lose your style because it's like
the best thing ever but I'm about done
I'm gonna grab a basketball and throw it
and try to hit the camera and my
basketball I meant flimsy children's
basketball that won't really hurt my
camera oh that's right YouTube you just
got basketball good bye
