you are my favorite faller in the whole
world that's me all right Jason Park
understands something that just people
don't okay at least me I'm sitting here
in a chair clueless I am totally a
clueless chair dude because when he
falls he throws his legs into the air
like normal people they're like you know
what I'm gonna try to get my feet on the
ground to try to prevent my face from
being on next to or sliding across the
concrete which is like no I'm gonna
throw my legs in the air look look at
this picture so yeah I does that and
then he hits the ground full-bodied and
just slides of a swan or snake as he
would like to be known as if I did this
it would look more or something like
this or this is literally a
skateboarding ninja because evil means
landing stuff it doesn t that's body's
just like flip it all over the place
like I swear if so you came in to me
there's like I want to do like a 20
stare but I'm not actually gonna go down
it i'm just gonna somehow landed i'll be
like you know what I don't even know
what that means Jason but sure yeah you
can do your 20s there without going down
it basically there's no understanding
Jason part cuz it defies everything laws
physics restaurants okay he defies
restaurants and I kind of feel bad
because when I'm watching him skate it's
hilarious like he's falling like this
and I'm laughing after every shot and
then I realized like after the fact I'm
like you know what that might have not
felt good sliding across like a swan
like I don't know of swans feel good
when they're falling on skateboards I've
never asked us one but he still wants to
hang out with me after all these
sessions so I feel like he's not bummed
that I'm laughing at his Falls because
they are entertaining but on a real note
Jason park is my favorite skateboard
room right now I'm gonna say that he is
my favorite skateboarder I'm lucky
enough to know him as a friend and i
skate with him and it's a blast like it
like it any spot you go to he's going to
be able to skate and he's gonna get you
psyched on finding some weird way to
skate it and it's just he's oh my gosh
he's inexperienced that's for sure I was
fortunate enough to film a lot of videos
within walls in California so in the
coming weeks you will see a lot of good
stuff from Jason and I'm going to show
you a couple clips the first two cliffs
was just him goofing around either
Mandela was filming and then the next is
like a more serious trick that he hit
first try like he is unbelievably good
if you've not heard of him look him up
but here are these clips right now
happen but there you go that is jason
park in a nutshell i'm gonna say it
right now that he has the best father in
the world most entertaining and he
doesn't actually get hurt so it's
ingenious and he's also one of the most
talented creative guys out there on a
skateboard right now so if you didn't
know about him I'm glad you do now and
spread the word people because jason
park is a name that skateboarders need
to know but i hope you guys dug this i
do fall fridays every two weeks so i'll
be back in two weeks with another fall
friday i just reworded my sentence
instead of twice but i do daily videos
every single day i believe i have a new
day the life coming out tomorrow so be
guys dig that's and the next weekend
will be we are bench 47 which is long
overdue i'm sorry so I'm just gonna slow
a drink of water and then the new dinner
interrupt me
hi guys I'm gonna turn a nerf dart into
skateboarding wheels watch this oh my
gosh got one watch it will all be magic
trick I'm just kidding if you'd watched
my videos long enough you've seen that
trick before but on a real note pebbles
do suck and now this might be my
proudest product of ever made because
pebbles have been ruining my life for a
long time hmm so I'll put on a wheel
you
