that got heated up real fast means there
are some tricks there that I just did
not see coming at all like all sudden he
was flipping out a big spin front board
and then I kicked her late shove it down
double said whoa there's a few woes to
be had there when I watched that I know
the frame rate was a little weird on
that slow motion but i'm not i'm not
gonna get her care at all because the
skating was amazing i was filmed by
James Weber who is very talented on a
skateboard himself and he has a YouTube
channel and if you want to check out
more amazing stuff like this the screen
will change and the bottom link will be
his I think I have some more footage
coming from him in like a couple weeks
so watch out for it but go check out
James stuff and like what you see he's a
good dude there you go skateboarder and
uh here's a box I'll switch let's do a
box kick time okay I keep this on the
roof not even close
you
