Ryden come here what is it are we gonna
give it away to somebody on YouTube yeah
mine is it yours or someone on YouTube
nope we're gonna give it to someone on
YouTube you already have a skateboard
yes we're doing exactly that we are
giving away a skateboard here on YouTube
we did this a few months back and it was
a success so we're doing it again okay
aren't we yeah we are gonna make a
challenge for you youtubers and we're
giving away that one to someone on
YouTube and what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna start out a sentence that says
Brian Ames one time and you're gonna
make up the rest you can only comment
once as your entry but whatever is the
funniest sentence whatever like I was
like oh that's the one I'm gonna pick as
the grand prize winner in three days and
I'll also pick two runner-up prizes
which will get a gamma sticker pack and
if you do not know the gamma sticker
pack is just go to revive skateboards
that calm and go to our store and check
it out like oh that's what it looks like
so that's it just go down there think of
the funniest thing or whatever you
wanted to say about Brian Ames and just
put it in sentence put Bry names one
time and then make up the rest and I
will judge them and I will pick some
winners in three days if I see that
you've commented more times will be
disqualified because I want to give
people an equal chance without like the
old comments getting attacked by people
like posting 5,000 sentences anyone in
the whole world can win this but if
you're younger than 18 make sure your
parents know you're entering this
because you're gonna give me your
address if you win and your parents need
to know about this case be weird the
parents gonna find out how do you that
skateboards like some dude on the
internet gave it to me the billing what
cuz the Internet these days this is
freaking my child is entering the house
but seriously my point is make sure your
parents know you're agile is easier than
18 if you're 18 you do whatever you want
okay but good luck guys I'm gonna try to
do these like at least once a month so
I'll do another one here and within the
next month that's what I'm gonna try
this that's what I'm trying to say oh
yeah about the deck this is a black
lifeline it's a 7 7 5 I'm sorry I know I
gave one of these way last time but on
the bright side you can't buy this so
this is a kind of hard to get at the
moment and it's it was just laying
around doesn't have shrink-wrap on it so
we couldn't miss sell it so I was like
I'm gonna give it away on YouTube and it
come with griptape will send you a grip
tape to the board and some stickers say
he'd be happy but to end this video
writing and I are gonna do some serious
carp reporting on this argh be ridin are
we oh yeah dad YouTube oh oh what's the
Gotham you want to do it ha ha did it
are you ready for the father-son three
show oh those close enough we did it go
tell the camera right here buddy you say
say say good luck hi jack I hope you win
the board oh you're right here right
here say I hope you win the board here
how are you bored I hope you're bored
that's what I meant
he'll you boy
yeah cheese is good isn't it cheese
contest
