August twenty-eighth that was the last
time I was happy you know why because
that's the last time i uploaded footage
of major I'm kidding but seriously major
is majorly awesome okay I'm sorry I had
to go there I know that's probably said
a thousand times I gotta leave on my
head but dude there are yeah I say it
every time and I'm gonna continue to say
it because market i'm not gonna fake my
excitement i'm just that excited every
time i see major footage it's always
like okay this is this is how you're a
good skateboarder but if you are one of
those people that have not seen the
major crew you need to get on it the
screens go change here the end the video
and the bottom link will be them okay
and you're gonna go click it go over to
their channel they put some of the best
skateboarding on the internet they are
so good i do daily videos here myself so
the top leg will be me but mainly check
out major or you're majorly making a
mistake i'm gonna copy to keep roll with
that but i'm down here guys i hope you
guys like that footage and i'm gonna mow
the lawn okay I'll tell you what I'm do
it every time I'm gonna bug along okay
frankly needs to be mowed look at it and
I was in California for like a week and
I didn't do it because I was in
California if I could do that from
across the country i would start our
blonde mowings I'm done however really
dog
