is the shape
before I miss you I barely get the
courage to call so there you go that is
some exciting news yeah
revived kind of has like a big family
and you know so many people that we
can't just throw everyone on the
official team so I thought this is kind
of a cool way to bring people on and
make them part of the revived world and
all these guys deserve it they've been
with us for a little while and they've
been killing it I just want to say thank
you guys for making part of this and
hope you know hopefully the future of
some people might get bumped up to the
official team roster but I just you know
I I feel like they deserve something
more than just hanging out with us and
you'll probably see more people added to
this but I definitely don't want the
flow team just to be something that it's
just like with other companies they kind
of just like oh he's on flow like you
kind of know I had no idea like I
definitely want to promote the people
that are on flow so you guys know all
about them so I hope you guys dug that
you'll see more from all of these guys
and we are avenged and you know their
own videos and they're gonna keep
killing it because they are talented and
they're part of the family and we're
actually gonna open up sponsor
submissions in the next month for a vibe
and force so you guys will be able to
send in your actual videos keep in mind
we get a lot of requests we get fifty to
a hundred people asking us every single
day if they can ride for us and be
sponsored so there's a lot of people
gonna be sending in stuff I'm falling
down a hill but we're gonna let you guys
do that and watch all your videos you
might see some new people new faces pop
up on the flow team and it may be the
official team who knows and I know you
guys are asking how I'll put a video
called you know get sponsored up on my
channel within the next month and it'll
tell you exactly how to submit a video
to be considered for sponsorship so stay
tuned for that I hope you guys enjoyed
the video and I'll be back tomorrow with
another video because I do daily videos
here and yeah I'm at some San Jose DIY
spot let me go some filmed ugh desk
tells there's I can kick it
oh my gosh
that was amazingly I'm not even gonna
finish that I'm just it was just
amazingly dude good yeah high five rocks
punched us on the face no I'm not gonna
do that
you
