hug we got like 15 minutes left of Sun
and we gotta film a video are you ready
oh I'm ready all right if you if you
land on this I'll give you some oreos
really good kind of looks like a
freaking Smith grind coo coo German be
honest that's carrying the scary filming
noseblunt slide from the other side but
dude that was Prime you see that to a
backside nose one regular Becky uh does
not matter i'm a happy dude either way
oh my gosh i was amazingly i'm not even
gonna finish that I'm just it was just
amazingly dude look good yeah high fives
rocks touches on the face no I'm not
gonna do that butter need more butter I
got a lot more water must be rough man
okay yeah let's go out to be that good
flawless I guess we're getting scorpion
vs Johnny Cage you know scrub is gonna
win flawless victory how's Doug all
right do it
oh my gosh dude your machine I was I was
not kidding when I didn't say that he
was gonna kill it and I should have said
it I don't know what what I just said a
force wheels comes out tonight at
midnight technically the 13th but you
know it's basically who doesn't who's
not up at midnight right I'm we're
beyond psyched to get these wheels out
here has been a long time talking and if
you want to check out what we got to go
to the schrenkers calm and click on the
force wheels section and you'll be able
to see all of our products doug is
actually rocking some pebble suck and
some / blues which I forget what size
these are no mere 50 millimeters and
they're our first formula is a really
really hard Street skateboarding wheel
it'll of course work at skate parks just
the same but that was good but we've
tested these wheels and they work out
amazing I mean we've been skating them
all week and we haven't flat spot of
them they just they slide when you power
slide they're very very very good and I
tested out a few formulas before we came
to this we all tested so uh Doug thank
you for being part of the team i will
put the team trailer at the end of this
you want to check it out but go to the
shred quarters com if you wanna see the
product to not at midnight people dun
dun rock rock rock YouTube we're done
here
yeah you landed it and I hit a freaking
pebble you witness that that's all every
I went down yep that's it now that is a
bonus clip okay feel feel bonus to
people because that was that was ssf
yeah
you
