dinner you're right I just assumed there
was air there and I totally just punched
him in the chest
Thomas tell us right now oh why didn't
you roll away and I said to her are you
really gonna put tomato sauce my drink
and I said to her yeah
I dare you that was dub greatest hot dog
in the world right here you go Trey cut
though our guys have got a challenge I'm
gonna hold this camera right next to my
face
I'm not spider-man don't worry I'm
spider-man and you have to take the nerf
gun and hit the lens not my face whoever
wins gets a drink on me cool
high five challenge up challenge down
let's challenge all right I'm gonna put
sunglasses on because I'm boss and I
want my apples right no no no don't do
just yet go over there oh you got it you
got this is that it all right hey next
person that hits the lens gets it okay
clearly we need better Nerf darts you
did it yes I know you're dressed like me
you look like Josh cats and then there's
you morning thank you that's really
scary I was way better than the contest
we just skateboard touchdown baseball
Grand Slam got it oh no oh what did you
try to mimic me or did you hit him it
was a little bit of both hey all right I
got your back go down but this stupid
thing on my head
- one two three four years the cosmic
cat's eyes - singing Antony
