not warehouse Wednesday Jason Park how's
it going buddy pretty good good to see
you all right this week you got to do
five tricks and Venice Park not nowhere
else not to warehouse oh you have 37
minutes to warm up no you don't have to
you don't get to warm up give you five
tricks
I'll live you even planned them you can
out land if you don't win you gotta make
entertaining enough parking enforcement
you have to do five tricks okay you do
not have to land them or you'll and if
it doesn't matter it really doesn't
matter but land or no land it has to
impress Doug he's the judge so five
things that impressed this dude okay if
you land it within ten minutes all of
that stuff if you impressed him five
times within ten minutes we'll get you a
Venice Beach treat
I like treats treats treats or treats
treats treats treats treats treats
treats treats treats treats treats
treats about a guy get clucker done the
face of the skateboard that's not nice
hey Jay spork so this is where you this
is where you gonna do it this is Venice
Beach Park what's up dude
five tricks five things five
entertaining things pasta hopefully yes
Doug will think so
quick one
thumbs up
first try to thumbs up okay the blocks
down the blocks check - that was yeah I
agree with Doug I was entertaining I
looked at the park it's kind of hard not
to thumbs up Jason Park
oh yeah it's been three minutes I think
you have time to do two more I think I
might have
you already know final one here it comes
brother Horsham landed four snakes right
here explicitly nick is that street time
that's few time I just read time my
friend have a shoe that's not your
street let's go get a tree
we're getting a Hawaiian delicacy which
is where Jason's from it's called a
pokeball from the foam the video game
it's a little from Polk Nvidia okay hook
up off
m33 Kate fruit treat hate treat free
treat treat crate trade sir you are not
treating tree tree tree tree tree chain
treated Bunga great treat Bunga
you
