join hunter you're skateboarding and I
can't skateboard so you have to I'll
hold the camera and you do the tricks
all right you good for that turn em to
rock because you're gonna land stuff
that's what you do whoa like no no front
blunt just go straight for the shove it
it is not easier kids you know how that
do not let Jordan for you put it like
that and it just like bulk it you turned
your ankle good now yeah I think they
sell them on ebay man by over this house
how you do it do you want to do the
front blunt to jump oh this is the
stupid stuff you find yourself doing
when you skate with me hey yeah you did
a smooth enough front feeble on that
pardon curve which shouldn't work but he
doesn't
first try called it was like 12 throat
feeble one foot I don't even do that
I've never seen that would you both come
on come on come on come on come on come
on come on mission successful high five
Rock high five Rock I can do this river
don't get hurt I would feel so bad
because it's my idea half the stupid
stuff we do is my idea and then I would
feel bad if some got her doing it
apparently alex filming a poaching video
which i don't know if that's ingenious
or now it's pretty ingenious don't film
me don't poach me talking about poaching
