YouTube what's up guys so Ryan and I are
about to go on a toy adventure
but first right and wants to skate the
new stuff in our skate park oh I do that
there's a smaller bag that I think you
can shred it can be ready yes skateboard
and then toys right here don't go to
stores to look for the fingerboard hey
push really hard to even go to the bank
oh my gosh you're cooking drop it you're
rolling in like a champ now do you want
to try something really challenging it's
like a roller coaster okay come here you
roll down this Bank which is bigger then
roll up that Bank okay it's a good
roller coaster you want try try it I
know I think you can do it just stay on
it like you did it dude oh my god oh my
god forever you did you did for the
skateboard did it but you need to be on
it oh it came back
dude you were totally zooming your shirt
was like blowing in the wind right I
would like to find out that this is your
biggest drop in you've done and you did
a first try
no rolling sorry rolling all right let's
see it do it ninja kicking right now
yeah well that's the idea in
skateboarding you try not to get off
alright let's see yes let's see a bigger
house good jump that was really good
dude you're doing great you just need to
jump up when you do it alright pop it or
fall down are you okay - I need to give
you CPR Gigi you need CPR do you need
CPR alright try do big jump jump do that
and jump slide that foot that was better
you're bouncing to make it happen but
that was your best solid you've ever
done it got it was like this high good
job dude
very will elevates the belly roll
celebration let's do it
make sure you push it down really hard
oh we've done this what I'm going to
Randy the hippie jumpers way you try it
maybe and the board goes under right all
right let's see it
yes see now you just let your board roll
under and that's it oh it's coming it's
coming for you Oh
how does your butt feel right it yeah
it's better now you felt so hard yeah
all right okay so we're done skating did
you fall on your butts did it hurt is
that how it felt
it's been hot guys but I would okay you
are okay we'll try it another day so
we'll try it done there oh my gosh
Earl but that's not skating goes you
fall down sometimes you Lance sometimes
but you did so many good things day
you'd landed two things you've never
gotten you straight-up dropped in and
then you dropped in you rolled in and
rolled up you're doing good and a great
ollie another time yeah we'll get it one
day but now we are going to the
fingerboard adventure what search for
toys maybe bug juice this fruit punch
pretty much you in jawbreaker okay let's
do it
okay so the deal is is that my company
revived skateboards has finger boards
coming out from Tech Deck and even watch
my channel you very well know this and
you also know that they're hard to find
well I've been getting a lot of messages
online that they're in Walmart people
have found them in Target so we are
gonna go to those stores so we're gonna
go to those stores and hopefully find
them fingers crossed
good you ready to go let's go
she thought her dog was inside the
tornado but it wasn't I have no idea Oh
first up his toys Rus actually I haven't
heard of anyone finding it at Toys R Us
but I know they're supposed to carry
them so we'll see down but it's still
open now I know I love this story new
infinity war it's over there
if they're gonna have it you don't think
so
dun dun dun dun dun they did not get any
new ones right you ready yep we are
burning toys are this way let's go we're
all that candy that's not candy at all
alright well try alright we should get
on this one okay not that one this one
no no there's Star Wars toys
what Oh the wrist thing we talked about
yeah where is it I found where they are
come on baby bummer
alright next door
whoa whoa teamwork teamwork
alright let's get you in here gosh this
is a bummer target was that is the least
likely because I was there like three
days ago and they didn't have it but
hopefully they've restocked cuz if they
haven't this is a failed toy adventure
ended up being green beans but I was
still super freaked out where are we we
are at Target right in Liberto would you
want to wear those you wouldn't wear
those about the diapers down here
alright oh dude I could see it from here
they didn't restock good they'd have the
same ones
that is such a bummer dude we did fail
her to my question I'm sorry
failure we've failed so many people are
out there finding revived fingerboards
but sadly we are not one of them we will
and we will keep our toy quest going I
hope you guys enjoyed hanging out and
skating with us and looking for the
fingerboards but we'll have to just
it'll be another video with finally find
them in stores fortunately tech tech
actually sent us some wit before they
were released in stores so it's not a
huge deal but I just want to go to a
store and get them and what we do will
make a fun fingerboarding video out of
it
yes but that's it we're gonna do some
father-son actually I'm gonna clean
unfortunate what then we'll do some
father-son time and we I do videos on
time so if you want to see more from me
who the subscribe button right below the
video it's free and your sign there to
see more and then and I do videos all
the time I do is with him at least once
a week and that's a good time so yeah
we'll see you guys tomorrow with the
escape video oh wait oh where else
Wednesday actually yeah yes yes what is
that all you say in these Wow I love you
can go play dude actually you should
clean up some stuff around here yeah I'm
serious
but thank you guys for watching it means
a lot you guys have a great day
give me my phone back and I'll see you
guys later later later I just said later
three times
what are you getting that out you've
busted your belly for the bonus clip
alright yeah
success have a nice day try to get
finger bird oh yeah that's we're good
that's what we tried to do this video
