YouTube what's up guys so I have some
footage featured today from a very
awesome skateboarder who's been killing
it for so long this is Jim Bates he has
a little message at the beginning of it
and read it it's worth reading and then
some really good skateboarding so watch
this footage enjoy at the end of this
video in case you guys want some of my
sense it's two cents that I'm giving but
enjoy this footage in the meantime
boom there you go Jim
Bates this is a fraction of the footage
he sent over to me so you will see more
of this dude on my channel I'm gonna put
a link to the full video down below and
then I'm pretty sure he has a YouTube
channel as well and he uploads his
footage here there so I will put all of
that information down there check it out
I hope you guys took something from the
beginning of it it just kind of shows
you that skateboarding is so much more
than a little wooden toy that people you
know learn some tricks on in their life
it's so fulfilling it saves lives it
really does I know growing up I would
not have been able to be the person I am
today without skateboarding it has
created Who I am it's just it's
phenomenal it teaches you so much
funny tidbit about Jim though his skate
park in the status video these come
skateboarding allowed is one of the
first videotapes I picked up and I loved
his part I actually watched it a lot and
motivated me inspired me and that years
later you know I get this email from him
I'm like oh my gosh when I was learning
how to skateboard you you hate to be up
so much he was actually the first person
that I ever saw jumped on the Hollywood
60 he tried to backside flip it and this
is way before people typically jump down
the Hollywood 16 guys been killing it
for so long I hope you guys like that
for a more gym just his information is
right in the info I hope you guys took
something awesome from this video it's
just super inspiring to see him do what
he does he absolutely kills it I do
videos here all the time I use you know
do videos on Thursday this is a little
bonus video tomorrow I have a really fun
video and throughout the weekend so if
you want to see more from me just hit
the subscribe button is right below the
video just hit it and your sign up see
more videos do you guys have a great day
good later
are you editing a video I am anything
but is your dog doing well no no his
eyes are open
he's resting he arresting interesting he
probably doesn't get enough sleep I
think he gets enough sleep
