hi what's up guys so I'm doing a set a
video because I'm setting up a board
it's actually been a little while since
I've set up a board because I've been
injured and I didn't have a skateboard
because I didn't wanna be tempted but
now my foot is getting back in action
and I am gonna put one together this is
a 8 inch revived x-ray skull deck the
graphic is by Sam Hardy this is one of
the best he's done he Chandru it and
it's awesome I love it it's actually my
favorite sticker shop I've done - I took
the skulls from the blue revived sticker
I put him in the eyeballs and Doug is
doing AM scanners switch heelflip
sticker in the nose and then the
stethoscope isn't a Ryan sticker and
then right down here the clipboard is
the new never quit skateboarding alive
sticker so you can barely tell it
stickers it just kind of looks like part
of the graphic alright so what I'm
putting on this board we have a brand
new packed up your Ryan trucks they are
size 140 which is good for 8-inch decks
we have bones Swiss bearings which are
like the best and they're still rocking
for me so I'm not gonna switch amounts
twelve-year-old shock pads I've been
skating forever we have some new Orion
hardware and then we have new force
pebble suck wheels which come out this
Saturday Friday at midnight kind of you
know whatever the 13th of this month
also this is a M grip on here which I
recently started riding for this is my
buddy Doug Dustin tells company I'm
really psyched on it it's like gritty or
grit but it doesn't it's not to the
point where it's like thick and cuts
into your shoes faster so it's like a
really good feel to it I like it and it
has like the AM skater cutaway and I put
some stickers behind it this is nests
from the game earthbound I've been
playing the sequel of this game and I've
been psyched on it so I want that
kickflip and look down and see this guy
so that's a what I put out of there from
our first go let's put this thing
together poking holes yeah put it on the
correct way
I've got skated over behind anything
apparently I suck at putting bolts on
because I can't push these I'm just
kiddin
they didn't hurt my start talking that
was a land land 54 millimeter pebble
suck boom
air is my new complete skateboard
everything's pretty much new except the
bearings and the shock pads and then had
a brand-new pair of Reynolds mid tops
red of course and you knew that unless
you're colorblind if you're colorblind
nothing against anybody I don't mean to
offend you you're probably accepted to
buy now issue I want my shoe back now
I'll do a few tricks and I'm just now
getting back on my board so it's gonna
be basic stuff but let's see how this
feels
before you do anything kickflip test
test oh it's gonna be a good board
no just came in the shower
it came out of nowhere just gotta get
into it I have it man I can't believe I
got that thank you for coming guys
all right my breath goes haven't really
skated since the spring I'm gonna I'm
gonna be done so cue the outro music
there's beanie he's gonna say something
weird that was flawless weird to hear
about me house right
you have one try this is the after clip
okay one try to do one trick on there
and can't be basic you gotta be good and
if you don't land it it'll go down to
history is that one thing I forgot about
go see it come on oh that's alright it's
alright it's not ok we should feel bad
but it's alright one more try kidding me
nope nope not one more trial be a
different video different day a
different world see I felt bad because
he got that look on his face I'm gonna
let him land it and now I'm not credible
at all as a person there you go word
around the internet is an anti-shock
doesn't tell the truth
you
