I'll forget rocked it I rocked it does
it read I Oh youtube what is up guys
this is an update video where I be
talking and all that stuff and if you
listen you're gonna be listening okay
talking listening that's how it works
but I really I have some things to talk
about the first thing is this know what
this is it's a shoe you know it goes in
this is my foot and my foot feels better
okay I'm torn my Achilles tendon a
couple times over the spring and
summertime area I'll be darned I'll be
an idiot if I haven't freakin rested
okay I've been resting it has not felt
this good since its breeding like 10
years okay it's been a long issue of
things happening around my Achilles
tendon area and i am back on my
skateboard I'm slowly starting it cuz it
gets sore easy but it's strong okay it's
like it's buff it's Hulk tendon is what
I'm trying to say so call me excited
because I am in fact don't color me I
did that at the intro another thing that
has me psyched is this right here mother
3 okay I'm gonna tell you story people
so sit down grab a campfire and some
mocha whatever you're doing just listen
up my favorite video game ever is
earthbound okay it came out for the
Super Nintendo and it didn't do so well
when they launched and attended was like
you know what alright we're not going to
sell this outside Japan after that the
rest of the world kind of realized was a
great game and they started getting into
it and everyone loved it but the Japan
didn't care okay that he didn't care
that everyone liked it a Nintendo was
just like I'm not buying it I'm just
gonna keep it over here and they made a
sequel okay they made mother 3 and they
never releases outside of Japan this
sucks and at the same time I fan base
was building and building and building
and building and building and we
petitioned and waited we did it for
years okay years and years and years and
years and minutes and years and lots of
years and appeared all of that was
involved Nintendo still would not
translate the stupid game and release it
outside of Japan well good thing that
amongst these fans are some really
intelligent beings and they went through
all the Japanese coding and they
translated to English and voila somehow
that figured out how to put on into a
cartridge and I could play it an English
version of this game that I've been
waiting for so many years and I'm really
excited had to die I had to talk about
it no but you should seriously get into
this game I will always back it and I
will always talk about it it's actually
available on the wii u for download so
you download earthbound ok the sequel
that I'm talking about you can't get
unless you know where to go but
definitely give birth about a try it's
an RPG that's really witty it's amazing
it's great ok if you like rpgs go down
letter right now
oh yeah and I'm really busy and my life
is chaotic and all that stuff I normally
say but the only two things pretty happy
dude happiness flows through my veins
right now so I take a second to say
Happy Birthday cheer ah be Kilberg in
fact i would like to say happy birthday
yesterday too rowdy Kilberg who's been a
long-time supporter of a revived and
everything i'm doing on here so i just
want to say pepper that buddy I've went
well and I hope today the day after goes
well too I have wells are amongst your
life right now and since I'm talking
about all this positive stuff I got to
talk about something negative k cuz
facebook we did a new facebook it's just
clear hey you go on facebook and I you
read about is like people died in or
police punching you in the face or
people dying well I'll police punch you
in the face sears is it's just seriously
a bunch of negative stuff and then
amongst it it's like 10 things you never
knew his celebrity could do tracking
their knuckles I care about Jim Carrey
cracking his knuckles actually that is
the one exception I would read an
article about Jim Carrey but Facebook we
didn't do Facebook back when the world
just talked about like cats I want to
stay in tune with current events but my
gosh Facebook is depressing nowadays hmm
but I can see the look on your face you
want me to talk about reviving force
force wheels that is the name of the
wheel company and it's good news people
is coming out in one week the wheels
were dropped and all the clothing and
all that stuff will be go why I I didn't
know that it was gonna get this much
hype and a lot of people are excited
about it so I'm sorry if your wheel goes
fast there will be more ordered but it
might take a second to get back in stock
so if you want wheels i would jump on at
day one the apparel will be able to
restock faster so uh I'll have more
about that next week i'll do a teaser
and then hopefully we'll have a video
like showing the product off i'm
actually not going to be in town next
week so that's gonna be complicated but
well get the information to you somehow
before the actual release date so you
can kind of see what we're dealing with
and of course survive is rocking we're
actually getting kind of low on decks
like it's just you know we we keep
ordering more and more and it's just
kind of hard to keep certain sizes in
stock so we are fixing this as soon as
possible we have more decks in the way
but you know if you skate a certain size
we have a variety of options for you but
other than that we're going we're going
to rocket ok we are avenged 47 is going
to come out later this month and then
you know of course we'll finish off this
season by the end of the year but we
actually have exciting thing happening
next week in the revived world to be a
little announcement and then next month
there'll be an exciting event or two or
five I don't know but stay tuned ok
because I
balls are gonna be looking somewhere how
do I say the things that I do hey what I
saw a movie no I saw three movies and
one of those three movies were the same
so I saw two movies who I'm trying to
say but I saw one twice because it was
good you have to see guardians the
galaxy I've been talking about it all
year but go see it is like Star Wars and
superheroes combined okay when you watch
it good things happen okay your popcorn
refills itself randomly you don't know
how it happened the Olsen or your soda
is calorie lists with the same flavors
is amazing really really good movie and
I'm thinking it might be movie of the
year for me I also know Sonya two
turtles and it got a lot of hate it's
like an eighteen percent of rotten
tomatoes my eighty percent is bad okay
it's like getting picked last in gym
class eighteen percent which you know
the dudes that guest pick last never
deserves it look at that guy because
faces deserve that a ninja turtles
didn't deserve it either I mean it was
it wasn't the best in Sherrill movie but
it was all it was decent you know like
the ninja turtles were funny
entertaining and megan fox actually
didn't didn't do too bad i didn't see
that one coming because i was like oh
you know what I don't just like her in
this role but I definitely the story and
plot and like kind of got messed up and
the shredder didn't really have any
character at all but it was because they
like wrote it wrong or something then
they had to like go back and film stuff
and it was a mess either way they're
gonna do a second one so hopefully they
know what they're doing going into it
but you haven't seen it definitely give
it a shot it's the news rules you don't
have to thank you just go watch and you
laugh and you like it ah so that just
leaves the big movie is the hobbit three
at the end of the year and I mean I'm
sure oh it's gonna be good okay and it's
gonna do many things to your life if you
watch it like you have a sister named
Sarah well you're about to cuz that move
is this good it gives you sisters named
Sarah to be good I mean I'm excited I am
a freaking marshmallow on a campfire
that's how good this is gonna be but one
more thing I gotta talk about is that i
am going to California today okay I like
early this morning i will be going to
California and I'm really excited
because I can skateboard it's been a
little while okay this is I'm in
California to be able to skate I really
want to film some stuff for my video
part next year and that's my goal ways
to tricks tube chicks because you know
i'm slow to end re-entering the
skateboarding world so i can't push it
too hard but i have some stuff in mind
so i'll be in LA for the weekend and
then i'll go up to SF for a few days
next week and then I'm back here on
Friday for the force release if you see
me while in California definitely say
what's up and if I ignore you completely
this because I'm deaf in this here okay
to infect everybody okay if I ever
ignore you just like
tap me on the shoulder or something and
II don't ignore me dummy but definitely
say what's up cuz I like meet you guys
and talking to you oh but I'm out thank
you for watching I do daily videos who
hit the subscribe button if you want to
see more from me and as I leave Brian
you say these things are horrible over
the worst mango salsa lays okay I'm
gonna give it a bit of world I don't
need that big one this literally tastes
like the actual produce section of a
grocery store like they smell put on a
chip I'm eating it's like it's like it's
like sipping milk and it's orange juice
nah man not a matter of this we'll see
if they have the toy aisle
Sarge there's a lot of cool things
happening in my life right now so I'm
kind of like I'm kind of amped on life I
sound like a poster cool this morning or
late a few ad so but wow I can't talk
okay you would get over here you go to
this video you watch this video and who
I brushed my teeth nobody cared I mean
nobody nobody cared not me start again I
was gonna say I don't even know rain
Boyd watching this movie okay and I
could I could what gosh what freakin
sweating move I'm I need to calm down I
need to just they had a chill pill I
would actually take it right now I would
buy them and they'd be like wow that
guy's on pills I hear the chill pill
forgetting to chill out take one take
one and chill out about the chill pills
all right
you
