Brian I don't know maybe warehouse
Wednesday you're you were putting
Simpsons Legos together Becky I am
mm-hmm well that's pretty cool but uh
dude girls Wednesday oh you're up not
good not doing it you're gonna sit here
close the Simpsons Legos oh my gosh all
right cool
fast forward to last night when people
actually skateboard right rockin
warehouse Wednesday
Brian Eames sent me on a mission to put
your life in danger all right any good
way okay okay
like I mean this is YouTube so things
aren't real you're gonna skate this
which is like the most dangerous thing
in the whole world how do you feel about
skating this obstacle right here nervous
good yes it's dangerous isn't it it's a
should not be skated but we're gonna
make it better
rail to rail you're allowed to warm up
but are you up for the task can we make
there everyone down
what do you do with this what do you do
with that so end game I want you to
feeble across this to 50/50 down alright
and if you land it you get ten bucks
because we'll have a prize for you all
right
really just gonna go straight for it yes
oh my gosh all right if you fall I
didn't warn you
no I mean I did warn you you're gonna
fall don't follow them don't fall
yeah you're gonna warm up yeah whoa are
you scared yes I'm sorry did I feel bad
now if you don't open up a box of cereal
and find this trick let's just say that
oh you got this man you've got this
what's happening why is YouTube back
here just like your dad taught you
another people to 5050 yes we got I
guess scary man this is like a real-life
goosebumps book
for Oscorp for Rita Repulsa for the
Koopa Kids for the time limit and Tetris
for a razor to Brian's beard
you didn't have money except this one
not that one
it begins dude ghostbusters recent
ghostbusters
nothing to do with this but they can do
it they could land this trip
