remember that one time you cook YouTube
video and you saw yes skating like mean
that a baby man means ridiculously mind
extending blowing just a random words
well yeah cuz that happened right now
that was Fabien and he is something else
when it comes to technical skateboarding
like he comes to the point where I have
no idea when the trick is going to end I
was like you know you like go pop a bag
of popcorn come back and he's manually
to a different skate spot he is
something else on a skateboard and if
you guys want to see more of him go to
his channel the screens about to change
and the bottom link will be him you
should check him out and subscribe you
like that his family's gonna like that
my family's you know like that random
people will be into it haha and I do
daily videos here myself so the top link
will be me but I'm gonna go okay and
just did a public announcement that
while this was happening Fabien was like
doing a technical trick the entire time
this whole like two minutes of this
video or however long it was sitting I'm
done how could it hit you what kind of
did hit you though i made like run into
all right
you
