YouTube what's up guys this is a new day
with endless possibilities not endless
at all because I will not join the NBA
today but it's a ten eleven twenty six
and I'm gonna get things rolling at 7:45
in the morning I just woke up and I have
my toddler to go wake up right now kitty
cat never mind hey buddy you want to
wake up or keep sleeping how'd you sleep
yeah you do get it it's gonna be
scrambled eggs buddy what do you say to
mom good good
have a good day buddy yeah I'm gonna
miss you goodbye love you know have a
good day so I'm getting my day started
and the first stop is coffee let's do
this oh my gosh the Sun is bright
for you today um I'm not I'm not sure
actually Katie said she was gonna pick
it for me today
alright here is that here's the tasting
literally tasting liquid candy bar in a
good way it was like it's not too much
I'm here at trekkers this is where I am
oh there's still gross Ranch from
yesterday Fridays
what are you didn't win it yes we are no
I'm documenting handing you coffee I'm
gonna report it every day for a year
straight and it's going to show you how
how you've grown
well I think that like everything we do
in a day life all right we we have a
conversation alright so the first thing
I'm doing is actually skating I'm almost
back in my skateboard
I'm in like the rehab stages so every
like day or two I cruise around like ten
minutes doing some like easier tricks on
my foot just to kind of build some
strength back
but I just put force wheels on Brian
ain't a skateboard and I'm about to test
him out I don't even have a skateboard
put together that's why I'm not doing on
my own
oh yeah and there's this guy's that is
some wheels heckling takes a long time
to put together it does that's why we
work
brand names watching himself and I'll
point out that he's wearing the same
thing almost different shirt halla damer
sure you do change alright so I'm
filling out orders and Brian's gonna
make them but dude the Brian Eames made
beef jerky needs like the most delicious
beef jerky in the way you literally make
missed forever and I'm big I'm goo I'm
keeping stocked up no Will Smith Noah
Smith to duty cheer no T's we're
planning our force line now playing our
winter lines dude how about we do this
we play a warehouse baseball yeah grab a
box all right clearly this patch of
concrete is the batting area okay
I'm gonna pitch you this if you hit the
back wall within three pitches you can't
do you hit it if you get it right you
I'll buy you lunch okay
Oh
grounder maybe I should just use the
tennis ball oh that was too easy that
was way too easy easy all right freakin
beer upon a c7
lunch is on me I just want to say Ben
teesta thank you for the kind words but
means a lot it's lunchtime lunch at
Chipotle where life just gets better
that's what you get for getting a
baseball at the garage door hey
only one taco which is like the best
thing but the most teasing horrible
thing
world forward and family
I think I just smashed your vegetable
light smelvin yeah it's pretty gross all
talking hi drop your chips you are on
the collection couch beauty okay Dan
line 26 hey what's up update alive point
six let's go come on Tim hi Sam we're
leaving it I'm going to use your
skateboard for today it's fun whose
ranch dressing on the inside the garbage
can right yeah you don't need all like
condiments and only ranch
all right skateboarding time we are
going to pick up max Mayberry and we are
going to hopefully get some shots of him
for the second to provide video every
new
gosh max bayberry so bright oh man it is
so bright out dude yet Doug doesn't tell
us where totally hey fast food stop for
the skatepark I'm not eating anything
meeting some all-natural protein bar
something stupid we'd be ready to go
skateboard has moved it hey hey burger
hamburger fries hamburger and face this
thing it's a camera like films stuff oh
we're at clipper Park Colerain park
whatever want to call it yep that's what
I was talking about
all right since I'm at a skate park I'm
gonna try to do a few tricks to get this
thing going again not gonna be crazy but
there'll be something they will be
something
hi foot the popular hi foot nope yeah
yeah
first three foot later you said yeah
Danny was awful yeah hey we go but
alright that's it for me I got to play
it safe
because I gotta make sure I don't get
hurt again but it's feeling really good
I'm gonna go film these dudes now
ngo5 somebody man fives everyone
yeah we're leaving
we are at a handrail max are you into it
sure max you're literally going to have
to take the trash out to skate this rail
I like more run up to three faculty
really good your GoPro looks so dumb in
the shot is that the hip that you did
want to hit no Alex didn't have a stupid
golf club credit him for that he called
it a golf club off camera don't don't
don't putt me yes
all right skating is done we're gonna go
buy some meal hey grab that camera huh
God we're gonna go buy some meal
all right so we're gonna go to a taco
joint and then matches like no so we're
going to some other Mexican restaurant
and I'm like yes because I like Mexican
food my name is Andy I'd like yes I was
like now
well that was so delicious that I'll
ever forgot I wanted to fill when I was
going to be like I can try to get a bite
wow you're pretty dumb yeah it was
delicious to this day life ruined yeah
please what's with us some day we're
done we're gonna go drop max off Oh max
say goodbye to YouTube temporarily and
uh how about breath gonna head ends on
there all right well mount thank you for
coming out today
thanks for everything sorry you scratch
your GoPro and this dude and I are
actually gonna do some work after my
little guy goes to bed so he's following
me home I'm gonna go see my little guy
whew buddy
I've missed you are you taking a bath
yeah oh
5:02 lipslide wha what do you think
bagel even though is a toddler when our
hey are you a big boy or a toddler
you're a big boy now
whoa okay cool oh my gosh
Ryan are you underwater wha laughs what
are you don't
hey alright stop showing off you you got
to get some lotion on you and then your
PJs what do you got on your PJs a toy
heck yeah give me the rock you wanna go
play stop messing up the laundry that
mom's doing let's put you to bed okay
which one of these does not belong in
Garfield's game the crab right that's
right is this the end of the video why
say YouTube thanks for watching what I
need to say I'll see you in the next day
and in life unless rescued really late
that was gibberish buddy oh you're tired
and you go to bed and I love you that's
it alright daddy make it dawg make it
dark walk alright let's do it
drive across the Grand Canyon remember
that that's sawn by Avril Lavigne skater
boy I do did you relate to that did you
feel like that we're talk about you not
one but I thought it was about you tell
us about me personally yeah I think
what's hot you're just making
yourself by saying it's not about you
