that's you all right how'd you get on
the ground that hurt do they hate you in
the memory right here I go dance right
him that sucks okay but everyone's done
everyone's like kind of hit their testes
just a tad bit to the point where you
think that you might have got away with
it but then it kind of hits you like
wait I might be sick if I'm nauseous I
am nauseous but everyone's done it like
I've done it I'm you don't even have to
skate to have had this happen to you
like that due to mcdonalds you saw
yesterday like you know that once in his
life he had this happened and sucked the
weird uncle that no one talks to yep
it's happened to him the old spice guy
you know he's done it that's not even a
question at least it's not a full rail
to the goods okay cuz I've never done
that really shouldn't said that but I'm
just saying it has to be way worse to do
that because like you know skateboard to
the wiener area like yeah come on I can
do that once a year and then live you
know like I'll be good it's never fun
though but it just so happens to make an
amazing skateboarding clip okay you
watch that you you're like there's a
smile on your face like that's not me
and I'm glad it wasn't but I love this
and the reactions are always priceless
because they're like some sort of
magnetic as soon as your testicles get
hit your hands are like room the
coverage as if like the rest of the
world is gonna be trying to hit your
testicles after that it's like your
hands there should be called Weiner
shields I'm onto something no not i'll
be stupid either way the two guys they
got hit our beanie and gerd haze and
they took like a champ okay they're like
you know what Weiner hit I'm still
skating it just so happened to be like
in the same week of filming so I was
like I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do a
double fall Friday because I've never
done that before they kept going to land
their tricks so here are a couple tricks
from the session that they this is from
hey the sky so there you go that just
proves that they are way better at
landing skateboarding tricks than
getting hit in the crotch I'll be back
with another fall Friday in about two
weeks because I do this bi-weekly anti
do videos every day so if you liked what
you saw hit the subscribe button and if
not here's some clips of Garrett and
beanie getting struck of the gonads over
and over again
I will say though I'm getting a
reputation okay I mean I'm like no time
like the dude that has friends that can
get the crap beat out of them on a
skateboard to live to tell the tale like
so if you want to I basically create
metal wieners I was an entirely horrible
thing to say I'm not sure anyone even
followed what I was trying to say right
there yep that was weird all right bye
oh here's a shoe oh all right I'm gonna
put that back up here riding you're safe
good goodbye
