ok was that a joke that was insanity was
I comedy central force meeting me
skateboarding punchlines this might be
the best montage of skate parks wrecks
back-to-back at least when it comes to
tech read that makes you think like what
in the world did dr. Seuss create these
tricks because this is spunky there's no
surprise this is the major crew like I
said I've been doing I'm doing like five
total montages of these guys on my
channel and the best thing about this is
that they have even more amazing content
on their channel so at the end of this
video the screen is going to change
you're going to click the bottom link to
go check out major and obviously the
skating speaks for itself I don't need
to keep talking about it these guys are
bad baby they just serve as much
attention as they can get in the
skateboarding world because they're one
of the bests I do daily videos here
myself so the top leg will be mean but
mainly go check out major and I'm gonna
go tell I'm gonna go tell Brian Ames I
major is really good and we'll see what
he says right right right major the
major skateboarding crew yeah yeah yeah
you
