okay ah max warehouse wednesday buddy
and do a little bit of the same thing
we're do a little bit different this
week you get 30 minutes to warm up you
dude you don't even have to eat it like
a two minute storm up all right you two
minutes to warm up you did it on purpose
now hi-c I say it differently every week
to is to warm up ten tricks on the box
but you got doing your boxers this week
not fully naked you could do it for Nate
you would prefer not fully naked news go
boxers and if if you do it I don't what
I'm trying to say here
oh yeah wheels they get wheels you get
it the first person to have a pair of
force wheels work you and you do you
accept sounds alright you want to warm
up in your boxers I mean please tape
your Weiner like it's somewhere else
yeah dude we don't need random Weiner
time okay I don't want to edit that out
okay we don't have the white wheels in
so you're gonna go for 54 black slash
wheels you've got to do you can't do
like no slides or just water sluts okay
they got to be worth while to be real
yeah you gotta want to like tell your
mom like right your mom and you know
about it this is already naked I'm not
showing the warming up okay first try
first trick first try Oh
I'm gonna be honest I feel weird filming
I feel like I should not be looking at
you like I'm just gonna film like this
well that was easy
that was a horrible high-five five trips
to go I'm getting kind of used to
looking at you now which is weird
success I did it again I filmed I was
just like lazily filming that but yeah
it's a trick there you go that was good
if you guys just would stop letting
things first try I wouldn't do that tail
stall he's gotta hate it I've never seen
that jerk of my life dude are you gonna
redo it all right I wouldn't
I'd be happy I'd also be wearing clothes
oh there is your 10 almost naked tricks
Alex will me bra will me you're the
first owner of a pair of force wheels
buddy there you go that is weird boxers
should be a new banana peeler mariokart
gosh
please put those on
is not what I meant at all
