I'm so glad you do you are dripping I am
definitely dripping we're gonna win sets
sought you know that I'm soaking wet
Temari like defense of my voice it's
like I've lost it and sometimes I
selling a cartoonist sometimes I don't
you sound like a weird Mickey Mouse it
is terrible what you found time AUSA's
face how you guys doing this guy's going
today it's actually a product warehouse
Wednesday it's a rental it's actually a
product warehouse Wednesday we're gonna
talk about the force and the three blue
that's coming out this winter but we're
also gonna do a mini warehouse Wednesday
on top of it so to warm up you do
whatever the heck you want to do just me
on a roll about it I'm gonna call you
out if you try to both decent bullcrap
all right hey it's a product warehouse
Wednesday but you have a little tiny
baby warehouse Wednesday to do it before
we do the blue product okay and then
mystery challenge and then you don't
know what's gonna happen is a mystery
and then you're in five minutes and give
the switch hard flip the five stare
yeah five minutes to switch hard flip
down the five standard baby don't do it
I have no idea if you do do it I still
have no idea if you do do it you get
twenty bucks maybe don't do it you don't
get twenty bucks if you dollars you get
one dollar one dollar way to get the
dollar that's not a dollar
I'm sorry for attacking you okay
you wanted to keep time AUSA's face yeah
sure
get inside guys
hi what are you eating pizza crust warm
up calling trick here real quick yes you
just switch up the five stair faster to
warm up interesting touch yeah he's cool
let's go to this with you I'm so sorry
my voice sounds like this and it's
probably the most annoying video to
watch ever it's amazing it's terrible
do you think he's got a first try I kind
of do
you jumped on me no hard to talk it's
hello hello it's it is like a lost cause
listen I'm talking I'm talking I'm
talking okay this is good Cody Cody go
my god I've got a little bit my voice
it's not your voice is back listen to me
okay isn't that great you don't smell
like your grandma anymore sounds like
that the random owner yells out the
window at you when you're safe I would
skater at you hope he's just not coming
off his nose so how do you feel about
letting him do a trick over you okay and
then you do a trick over him all right
you wanted to let him do history first
yeah we're not gonna like you're not
gonna Ollie over and that's mr. hey
what's up nerds that was the most I've
heard her voice oh no it was normal I
think for now at least I hear it I know
it sounds like he's fading into it all
right you want to do your jump boy trick
the Jason Park all right lie down on the
ground my friend all right buddy you're
fired
get run the other get a running start
these gonna land on you
yeah do it what's the trick fact 180 I
will allow that as his dad I will allow
that sir yes yeah are you scared
he's got this he's really good
was that cool again yeah he like wants
you to do it that was completely fine
now that you have skated over a child
switch heart full time yes five minutes
what if you're really into giving them
bonus seconds I am sweet all right get
out there I'm saying a minute and a half
sloppy three minutes all right when you
go he'll start what's the time it's four
and a half minutes this is a dumb
challenge yes yeah he literally you
literally just said like I haven't done
this in a long time and then you the
next try he sticks it it looks great
four minutes in ten seconds now take
about 20 seconds do it we slid for like
way longer than it made sense that was
weird
it took him a minute and a half but I
wasn't sloppy but it wasn't so obvious
clean twenty bucks with you guys maybe
you get that and I will get the products
ready okay twenty dollars of Oreos that
works Brian you're probably so happy
that this is the one time I can't talk
too much in this video maybe it's a good
thing we'll give Cody his money
big bags of Doritos with that $20 he
wants to worry us for a whore a whole
been hey got some new product off in
next week right yes next week next
Thursday say Black Friday Black Friday
go say say Black Friday
I said Black Friday you say yeah that's
saying they say Black Friday so we've
got let's do a force force wheels or you
read force you're over force if you
definitely do not right for force so you
guys want to get with Brian and tell us
about for stuff we have a pair of so
we've got something that I've been
wanting to do for a very long time I'm
finally glad we're doing it so we've got
a crew of sweatshirt what size is that
medium large I knew do you want dad take
it I have it
thank you what are you a medium medium
all right good
this needed to happen you'll get to go
next door and take all this stuff your
t-shirt dark Heather black graphics kind
of subtle bugs like the within times for
graphic man look what is that what the
comes in times four graphic I don't know
I would call the stairs times house
no times four was better times for the
wheels we have a new Pro Series have you
ever just like been on a raft in on a
pool or at Ocean probably like how he
doesn't know okay the raft series it's
not called the wrap see every single one
looks just relaxing like you should be
on around it's a tie-dye series please
it's tied up Johnny Tigers
wheel when we pop them out I mean sure
oh this is Johnny's it's green it's got
a green tie dahye it's so tie-dye bra it
is look I mean tell me tell me you're
not on a raft in a river right there on
that wheel a raft in a river yes oh no
that's why it's green because the you
know river water is questionable
it's question is
okay Don Hill Johnny I was gonna work
dropping here Johnny who's gonna color
what tell me that is not like you're on
a raft in a volcano
okay look at it it's just so relaxing
just like John yells personality the
traffic guy on the radio his name is
John Hill that's amazing we should we
should give we should give him a pro
model the traffic guy like Magus traffic
John Hill bro bottle and no one will
know it's actually for that guy that's
hilarious
Doug's wheel tell me that is not look at
this okay there's some chicks on the
lawn chairs and then you are on the raft
in the pool those chicks are jealous of
you and they want a spot on your raft
indefinitely forever on Cody's where I'm
pretty sure I said waft right there I
think I like this call were the best so
relax no it's like you have a drink with
some clinky ice move my ticket back Isla
garin's I one time swam with sharks in
the ocean and the water was dark blue
okay and this reflects that Aaron Cairo
is in the ocean on a raft with sharks
commemoration look at it everybody's
wheel comes in 52 different sizes on the
flight so check it out we have a new
version of the pebble socks we redo this
every year and this is my favorite
version and this is the I like this one
too this is the 51 51 is orders pebbles
do suck they do suck and check your
fridge put it on the fridge and then we
have the 52 version which is blue with a
green 53 millimeter version we have the
red 54 and then we have a more lighter
more subtle version is this more stock
because that's not true it's not also
coming we have a new tie dye shirt and
also a beat also how many times have you
said also a lot there on the screen
right now it should be heared here yeah
Casey hasn't said anything let's talk
about how amazing is sleeping
it looks like you like are like trying
to cover yourself in a trash bag but
it's just a black shirt I'm try to show
off the apparel your car is broke
why that sucks but you have a skateboard
and you need to tighten the axle how
they told to do it
but his car is broken that sucks so new
force unit tool
oh it's mr. break it did not break nope
let's still fix your car yeah finally
we've a new sticker pack so we have
three of each of these to tell me you
don't want this to put this on your
mom's car I'll put my yeah that's
exactly this guy wants a new skateboard
what does he do you guess one of these
three block has new boards coming out
okay and you can hold one finally let's
look at their faces
that is a cute Chuck and put it next to
it one of the riders engage there you
know front side flip of that oh yeah
alright so that's clearly the duck the
duck traffic this is such a cute fish
look at that fish crap alright come on
this is so way you hold this oh my gosh
that is just an adorable pig pig we had
these planned for like a year for the
company he might assist him yeah I'm
like so happy right now this is just
like radical and time extra
all right so I love these graphics I'm
bummed I can't ride them here so new
three-block decks
with wrong right right names we have two
pro models I am so excited about these
yes
look at them they're amazing lost in
space yes that is the best graphic I've
ever seen in my entire life so that's
actually Jason's an extra Jason rage
this is a picture in his yearbook really
yes no see what's he doing he's dancing
yes no this is Carlos as a 3 year old
yeah he's riding a bike I'm gonna see it
it looks it literally looks like Carlos
and they're both in space yep this one's
cool because it matches the videos
mm-hmm those TV things yes all of the
stuff drops on Black Friday as soon as
it switches over to midnight on
Thanksgiving night into Black Friday is
when these are all available at the
Shred quarters calm thank you this dude
we're riding for three block it for us
and for the freshmen in this where else
Wednesday Jordan we need to get you in
an episode very soon
yes we do thank you for having a face
thank you and you for not knowing you
Mark Hamill is I would like to thank
this guy
stranger things mark hamill so there you
guys go tune in next week for where else
Wednesday when we unveil all the new
revived stuff but videos here all the
time so hey the subscribe but if you
want to see more and next time you see
me I'm hoping to have a normal voice
this is terrible you guys have a great
day thank you for watching goodbye
you doing dude hey how you doing Jay
hunt anyway pop can you see no cool as
it looked like one of those that felt
like a monster in one of those movies
which which one oh now you really do
