all right what's up guys so I've been
nominated to the ALS ice bucket
challenge a million times but recently
Aaron Kyra did it and I was like the
straws he finally I'm doing it but also
Eric Kopecky did Ronnie Legget did
Michelle sprawl ding did and just a
handful a handful of people on the
internet so I'm doing it but I'm gonna
do it the twist because I feel like you
dudes need to get more creative with
this so it's gonna involve grossing out
Bryan Ames so let's go do it
so a lot of people are kind of bummed
and all this water is being wasted and
I'm not gonna waste water okay I'm not
gonna do it so I went to the grocery
store and managed to find out they had a
bunch of expired ranch dressings this is
gonna be the grossest thing in my entire
life
let's do it bottle one I got squirted
this is gonna be the worst thing in the
world oh I'm not getting that out it's a
lot more liquidy than I thought it was
gonna be you know like it's like it's a
fluid thing seven bottles all right so
there's a hundred and twelve ounces of
ranch dressing in this bucket with ice
and Bryan Ames can't handle this stuff
so I'm gonna get him outside he's gonna
be locked out and I'm gonna pour it on
my head and he can't handle it like he's
probably gonna he might throw up this is
gonna be good
Derek work wait here I'm terrified right
now
I have electronics on my body you're not
gonna get into a mess up I swear to god
you hit me with anything how do you feel
about the ALS bite by ice bucket
challenges I'm doing anymore okay well I
make I'm doing a different spin on it
okay let me take out my shoes atronics
wallets
this is ranch dressing
so disgusting don't touch me what do you
wanna do what do you want to do right I
didn't waver you're handling it well I
thought I thought you would be throwing
up that's why I made sure the door was
locked
it's pretty gross it's really weird
smell me so disgusting I'm so glad I
can't smell you ready all right but the
point is I am gonna donate if you guys
want to get in on this go to the URL
right here and I do want to say like
don't let an internet fad be the one
that makes you want to donate to charity
it's like you know look up stuff is he
is he throwing up I smelled it I smelled
it this would happen but seriously guys
you know if there's a charity that you
support or you know like you feel the
cause like definitely get in on it and
like I said I'm gonna donate to this I'm
donation to breast cancer in the past
I'm just saying don't this is really
hard to do be down for things just
because the internet isn't telling you
to but I'm gonna go change I'm gonna
shower and I'm gonna put a new clothes
on because I feel like a turkey sandwich
he is about to show you a turkey
sandwich
huh dumping on you know we're gonna make
it last penny no it sounded aggressive
I'm not I'm not trying to be aggressive
I can do it perfect Oh Ranch water Ranch
water and thank Jordan and beanie
problem e all right nominations I'm
gonna do Sam Taber Richard Jackson who
probably isn't gonna do it but now that
I said that he probably is gonna do it
because he wants to be that dude and
then Jason Park and it's got to be on
YouTube guys engage
