youtubes what's up guys this Q&A time I
asked you guys to ask me questions on my
Facebook and you did and now I'm going
to go through them and answer a handful
keep in mind that I got over 1,300
questions so I'm gonna I'm not gonna
answer about all but let's get started
I'm gonna answer a handful first
question hmm
hmm Anthony Raven says will you make a
truck company too and I have no plans on
making a truck company but I do have
some truck things in mind so I can't
really elaborate but come close to
holiday time hopefully you hear some
news in that if not it will happen next
year but my lips are sealed and you're
confused Connor Hoskins says why don't
you do singing videos your voice is
awesome well one Conor thank you but
actually you know what I have a like I
have songs recorded that I've been
meaning to make music videos to I've
been so busy I originally was planning
on releasing a whole album this year and
not to say that's not gonna happen it
technically could still happen but I'm
definitely going to release at least one
song that's my that's my promise and if
I don't I'll punch myself in the face on
YouTube I'll just have a video of me
punching myself in the face but it's
coming
I promise music videos of me are in the
works in my brain Doug DISA tells my
brother says what trick looks better at
Benihana pressure flip or Vario flip and
that is tough Doug okay
mainly because Benihana and print varial
flips are awesome I like to both and you
know a good varial flip kind of trumps
all of those but at Benihana in general
Rox I'm gonna go with Benihana because
not many people do those you see varial
flips every once in a while so I'm gonna
go to Benihana but I really varial flip
is perfect it can look the best does
that make sense
another friend last friend question
might answer is Alexander Adam maker and
he says what is your funniest / coolest
encounter with a stranger and the one
that pops to mind for whatever reason is
I was getting Venice high and a guy came
up to me as a hey I won the skateboard
from you when you first started a
channel and you had like a thousand
subscribers and I knew immediately who
was I forget his name right now he's
hanging out with Gary Rogers but dude it
was awesome reconnecting with you years
later and that was pretty wild that like
he want to skate board on my channel and
then the years later I see him at a
skate spot in California and I knew
exactly who it was like you got the
freaking guy Mariano abort and it was a
cool moment so that's that ma'am I let
him write wedding ring he's very loud
Neal jr. ho
who Hugh I'm sorry Neal I'm not gonna
I'm just gonna stop there how often do
you run into your fans first off I don't
relate to comb fans I don't know I know
technically they kind of are but I just
I just feel like you know I'm just like
a normal person I like to view myself as
that so I'm like dudes that watch me on
the Internet
sometimes I run into people like three
or four times a day
and sometimes like they're like two days
without seeing anybody but if I'm out in
public it does happen often especially
nowadays especially like if I'm out of
town it feels like it what happens less
than Cincinnati but it happens often
enough and I'm always really excited to
meet everyone and talk to you guys so so
if you see me say what's up Eddie Higgs
says anybody told you that you look like
Jeremy McCann from a day to remember and
yes I probably get that 10 times a day
in comments like oh my gosh albums dig
Borg says do you like cheese who does
not like cheese cheese's air cheese this
oxygen itch chance boom Dickinson says
have you ever skated in Colorado I have
Brody Morgan says mullets are bull cuts
cheese I go I'm gonna go with mullets or
10 90s as I call them just because
they're more entertaining to look at
don't Henri Aguilar the third says did
honey booboo die and that's a good
question I haven't heard about that
person in a while
hopefully not I mean she's like a little
girl so it's probably good that we
haven't heard of her maybe she's having
a normal life Matthew Posner says we're
wheels come in other colors sizes and
hardness of course yes well I've been
I've been astounded by the amount of
questions I like are they gonna come in
white like yes there's me more white
than black but yeah well I'm different
color especially different sizes and
will have different softness eventually
at first it's gonna be the same formula
though I'm not even gonna try to
pronounce that name I can't do it Dylan
Molitor asks a heart question acade
straight from the heart he says what
made you who you are today and I can
answer that simply but I'm gonna give a
little I'm gonna think about this and
use my brain and pet it is something I
want to talk I've always had big dreams
in my life and I went through a lot of
crappy situation is growing oddly a lot
and then even after I grew up it kind of
kept going for a long time and I just
kept what I wanted with my life insight
like I never let anything stop me from
like dreaming of what I wanted to turn
my life into and along the way I was
able to collect an amazing group of
friends
a lot of them you don't see in my videos
and I'm just really fortunate to meet a
lot of awesome people in my life and
endure a lot of bad things just get
through it and I feel like as you go
through stuff like that like whether
it's relationships or friends or family
like it really does make you a stronger
person and you just got to not give up
that's cheesy I know but like just just
figure out what you want to do with your
life and then do not let anyone stop you
and don't let anything else like bring
you down and in the end I guess you end
up guy that talks too much for the
internet but no I'm happy and I love my
life and I would not trade it for the
world and uh just not giving up I
attributed it to that being a dreamer
not giving up that's me
Oscar acts says if you can sit down have
a lunch with anyone dead or alive who to
be and at this moment I would say Chris
Pratt I love that dude and he's kind of
like inspirational to me right now and
like motivating so that dude but in the
grand scheme of things I would I would
think about it and give you a different
answer but Chris Pratt right now
Tanner Tripp Rolo says when's the next
big skate trip survive and in two weeks
we are headed to LA and SF so in the
second week of September look for us in
California Zac Pina says skating for
eternity or multi-millionaire and I'll
go with skating for eternity because
happiness over money any day like money
can come if you know you don't have
money given you to have money so I'll go
skating for sure
Michael Hague says do you think ridin
will wear one certain color like you and
I don't know you know I feel like he'll
do his own thing and it won't be like a
one-color thing I feel like naturally
eventually getting to the point where
like I don't want to be my dad exactly I
ought to be my own dude so probably not
but he has been saying that Reds his
favorite color recently and that's
pretty funny
Tyler Lacan says is working as much as
you do with the reviving force wheels
give you less time to spend you're
they're white and Sun and no absolutely
not family is always the top priority so
I won point during the day typically
ride in and my wife get home and I am
there to spend the rest of the day until
I put right into bed and then I you know
then I get back to work and stuff but
the wife and I always go out like once a
week but we're always like working next
to each other so we're always spending
time she's busy too she's going to grad
school so it's just kind of a chaotic
time for us but family is always first
Tanner Sharpe says have you ever tried
pickles on pizza and yes I used to
deliver pizzas and I totally had pickles
Pizza is delicious it sounds weird no no
it's amazing
Andre Colin says do you always wear red
because you're a part of the blood and I
know that's like a joke but I've heard
it like hundreds of times but I actually
get scared because I think that some
people actually think that I could
possibly be in the Bloods like a South
Central LA game
like do I look or act like the type of
guy that's in the Bloods I'm pretty sure
the Bloods don't want a gang member
online talking 24/7 it just in general
they want to be him like hang low you
know I just imagine I'm not in the blood
found ray I'm not buddy and last
question
Bret meta vir says have you ever thought
about quitting skating and if so why and
no honestly it's never crossed my mind
if you're truly in love with something
that doesn't it's in you you know it's
part of you like I'm gonna always buy
Mario games okay I love Mario I love
skateboarding and all that stuff
like just its passion you know it's it's
not going anywhere Mario was a weird
example but I'm just saying skating it's
just a part of me
Oh even when I can't skate when I'm like
90 years old I'm still gonna think about
doing handrails and stuff but that's it
guys so thank you guys for asking the
questions I'm sorry I couldn't get even
scratched the surface of this but I will
do this again probably next month and I
look forward to it so if you want to get
in on this go to my facebook the URL is
right here on the screen and next month
I'll just ask hey ask me questions for a
Q&A video and then there's chances to
get it on it but like I said I'll be
back and that's it I'm gonna sit down
this video and then put it online and
that's it I'm gonna do that I'm gonna do
this trick the first try because I'm
good at it I really just did this first
tribe name I did the Ranger first I try
I have I have video footage of it oh
good bye guys
