yeah holy frontside flip that's pretty
much doing there I can say to that trick
because I've been that skate park before
k and it'd be really hard frontside flip
across that gap land in the bank without
hitting that rail I mean you saw him he
kind of had to like pull a twist your
move all right just just make it happen
in fact maybe skateboarders just start
playing twister to train for
skateboarding and me like he could be
primed me he might have done it that
morning who knows but the reality of it
is that everything I just said about
twister was stupid and not a smart thing
to say but for real guys this is Mason
and his friends and obviously amazing
content as always I feature Mason a lot
here my channel and he always puts out
good footage like that on this channel
so the screen is going to change toward
the end of the video here click the
bottom link and check out his channel
you will appreciate this shape boarding
that happens in front of your face I do
daily videos here myself so the top link
will be me too so subscribe if you want
to see more stuff like this and weird
randomness that I get into but mainly
check out Mason so I'll see you guys
tomorrow because like I said I do daily
videos here but in the meantime you know
I hope your Thursday goes well if your
friday goes well i hope all your days
basically go
