YouTube what's up guys so I was going
through the footage the other day and
some footage never came to you guys and
it was weird filming for when I was 25
this guy was overacting he wasn't even
the main focus of the shot and he was
smashing himself in the face with water
and then like it was just funny so I'm
going to show you these outtakes I'm
going to show you a bunch of other
random weird stuff from we were mention
45 and whatever I throw in there don't
come on let's get down get down
all right can you catch it yeah one of
this dumpster it's gonna be super gross
like it's in this dumpster this is kind
of gross my
what in this dumpster we just gotta go
mmm I like bananas I put bananas in
boxes I like mangoes pears grapes you
don't even know what I like I thought I
was like jokingly filming that well at
least I got it on film I was I didn't
even film that like legit I tried again
I don't know I kind of want to just keep
good I mean I feel like we have
attachment to it now that was kind of
Awesome
I am Thomas I like to walk around the
store and get cereal boxes because I
like to drink milk with my cereal I like
to walk around and get food from my dog
hey Sam
care to help me out I could use other
head on this oh yeah thanks I don't know
I just it's not working you know come on
don't do do that
don't you follow me stay with this
can I go any faster hit the gas did you
hit take this for this for right now
come on dudes like Michael Myers friend
