and yeah Salas Alvarez going up to the
plate and he's not good with his failed
and struck out you might see him again
next inning who knows hey hey hey Hays
forces did you see that trick Lance is a
good skater if you if you told your mom
one thing about Lance did you like that
trick yeah my mom would tell me that's
good trick she would wouldn't you yeah
say Lance met Lance
let's just get off after he landed it
baby say good job Thomas say it again
alright you have five tries to do a
switch big spin up that gyro gap oh if
you land it you're the best skateboarder
in the whole world if you don't you suck
you can't you can't be you can't be just
okay today you have to be great or
nothing I'll have another spics in
forever well in fact you've done it is
good enough try it you got it come on
you are you are walking the path of
sucked up my friend you can't okay I
believe you
I've looked it up on Wikipedia there's
like Thomas can do this more tries
alright you suck hey it's alright
do you accept you're suck yeah next next
video you'll come back and you're gonna
try to not suck ok not the same trick I
hope know you'll try something oh gosh
yell I suck really loud my sock no sing
it
so he actually doesn't that's the real
funny thing about there's beanie
put your hand put in your hand do a
kickflip you have ten nine eight seven
six five four three two what
