youtube guess what Casey these gray
clouds yeah well it used to be sunny and
then the major skateboarding crew drop
that footage and they freaking brought
the storm with them which literally what
does that mean but metaphorically hey
good skateboarding some of the best in
fact major for years has been giving you
some of the most talented technical
amazing skateboarding and I feel like
they're almost under the grit I know
some other edits blow up and they have a
decent amount of following online but
they're like some of the best in the
industry like they are crazy talented
like they could be rocking Street League
and freaking X League and freaking the
barrack league all leagues then Darrell
Eagers they should be leaguers is what
I'm saying but no really if you have not
seen their stuff you need to check them
out they are amazingly mind-blowing Lee
good okay every single good adjective I
can say right now I'm saying it the
screen is gonna change here in a second
and the bottom link will be their
channel go check it out and subscribe
you're gonna you're gonna write me a
birthday cake it should be a letter it's
good to be so good they're gonna rub
your birthday cake the top link will be
me and subscribe to me for daily videos
like this but mainly check out major I
actually have a lot of content from them
this would be like a large amount of
footage and I'm literally going to have
like for more videos of major over the
next month a month and a half so be
excited for that but mainly go check
them out and that is it and a hub
doesn't rain okay one more trick and
probably would because they friggin
brought it they brought the rain all
right now ain't no main crane bein I
just I'm just rhyming pointlessly now
you
