what's he saying are you kidding dude
what is he saying there has to be
something you can just move around what
is the Saint reschedule are you kidding
me
are you serious no that's Sam all right
what if you're not gonna go I can't hang
I gotta get going hey I gotta get this
going all right hey boy what's he saying
so we're going to Chicago because of
Thomas's creepy devil prophecy
yeah and bro our names didn't come with
us because he was supposed to but now
he's not Bryan Ames is coming
Brian is not coming I just wasn't the
phone with him yeah yeah he is what he's
can you have a bag of rye names yeah
this is the greatest thing that has
happened we want revenge immediately yes
give it what you got a stable
hello Brian names Brian Brian Brian
Brian Brian we're the Power Rangers of
bry names right now
let's go to Chicago guys let's do a
Cowabunga telephone just just do it yes
yeah the car there it's been a while
people hate us right now hey Josh Katz
is here same intro music you have to
wear this right now
but don't go up
we are avenged 46 is happening right now
guys so we're in the middle of Indiana
headed to Chicago and we're about to get
back on the road but before we do let's
practice some some shoe kick deflection
row is kicking shoes and and don't don't
do it now just hold on are you ready
stomach but let's go to Chicago guys
where are we Ryan Bracken Villa Park we
are all here at Villa Park including
brow names and we're going to warm up
hope vodka skateboard because my foot is
a horrible idiot
you
it hurts
I can do this I'm going to harness my by
Brian Eames and you got this let's do
this
he's got a beanie he's got long hair
frankly we don't know what he's gonna
cut it
that was so good for ridiculous huggles
Sigma II because big money because
reaction like how are you gonna try that
for that long and then you nail it the
best you've ever done
I'll come on that actually is mine to
that one the kids that time yeah that's
not gonna can we come on all this is the
challenge I had no idea that was gonna
come into actual use like I practiced
the beginning of episode I put it to
good use
Oh Josh McCown - okay we're here at Glen
Ellyn skatepark to meet and shred with
none other than Kyle Krause people I
want to be as wealthy kids so how's it
going hey nice to meet you hey one year
ago we did the same video do you want me
to walk and it was your birthday last
year too if we at the same time every
day yeah I guess next year would be the
same episode
happy birthday Brad Novak
fine
this time I'm happy to be late
we open it
confidence all the free if you think I'm
Russian and you really
speaking Russian I want to slow it down
there's a fitting a moment someone
molded by the town the locking nut
looking for something I can use
discussion
that was here recycle slow down time
this life
and my 223
let me
Oh No Oh what did you try to mimic me or
did you hit him it was a little bit of
both try the death gap yeah I don't know
what I'm thinking I'm gonna film it
you're gonna do it
all right so we are rained out you guys
ready to get some the best hot dogs in
the world rub ya spot and Kyle's gonna
keep the day going with uh I don't know
what to call but you're gonna watch it
and see
how you like me now lamp oh here at
Fulton market swayed vamos a patina
let's skateboard
wait so you went to Chicago again and
didn't skate Street again push get a
streamer on that grind metal thing ledge
dad time this is like the same episode
as last season
it's not the same episode okay my name's
is here Michael Sierra's here james
franco's is here it's gonna be different
good trick you got a point but Josh Katz
Josh Katz not Michael's here I'm sorry
let's just go
Hey
Oh
ah
Oh
all right hey Bracken yeah practice or
friggin solar Bracken you want to do
this drop in to end the episode I got
alright cuz if you landed awesome if you
don't land it swimming to be
entertaining
oh alright alright do it do it whoops oh
you've got these you got it so much
alright girl the recent Oreos boy it'll
drag out why did I am I not surprised by
this baby
