right in whoa what's up dude I sent you
two what are we doing to that writer
I mean increase ba frizz ball we're
doing mini frisbee golf we do house
sports here and today because it is a
cold winter day outside we are inside
and we are playing mini frizz ball yeah
it's it's frisbee golf oh yeah that's
what it is it comes to this adorable
little box we are going to get it out
and we are going to do some frisbee golf
shots around the house are you up for
this yeah are you sure
where's your face that's your face show
me you're ready jeez all you did was
yell at me but okay you ready let's open
this up and do this okay
well you don't just shake it that's for
sure all right so this set includes six
discs and one target and if you guys
have ever played frisbee golf you need
to do it because it's a lot of fun I
don't know if my dad and my uncle and my
mom you did pretty good too dude but
this is mini this is tiny frisbee golf
it's their stick school it comes with
magic wands right yeah expelliarmus
I just don't whack me with that we got
to put this thing together these are so
tiny Lou these there's like smaller than
your face right look that's Jill oh I'm
getting a few dogs together right now
I'm immediately messing up Oh does that
mess it up
I do not all right
geez look we got gold
bingo dude jingling down window dude now
looks like to do something we are either
mine diable take these you want to do
the first one now do you want me to oh
okay I have to pick one cool you think
you're gonna get this and within the
first three don't hit the TV failure Oh
what what oh wow you must shave off my
eyebrows right there it was like this
let's see it dude I fell down how do you
fall down standing or sitting do it you
just hit the TV what do you say for
yourself
you getting tickle help yeah you could
you want more doing it - good morning
the clock the clock the clock hey you
want to fill me now should I do one from
here and we'll put the goal on the
kitchen table yeah all right you might
like what's with plastic frisbees yep
I'm gonna be honest that was terrible
this is gonna be hard was that close
I totally just hit you right in the
belly okay you too I hit the camera
right here this is my reward for getting
that shot thanks for filming that dude
you want to it up the stairs yeah all
right I'm on the ground grab this we can
do right here actually you got it go
upstairs give me the five-o it's walking
away it is walking away I don't know if
you're ever gonna get it oh you got it
all right next shot let's go
let there be light the engine of these
stairs they can be hard or easy mm-hmm
here you film it okay grab the camera
six tries to do it first try that didn't
make sense I'm gonna I'm gonna do it
within these six discs it was officially
the easiest thing in the world watch
this though oh well four out of the six
were first first you know you can do
that you do that do it Oh
well you almost did it you have to all
right
nailed it didn't nail it but you nailed
the first one we're gonna get trickier
are you ready to some trickier shots
you're gonna do the fat room one okay do
you like doing the bathroom trick shots
yeah this is going here you've got to
sit on the toilet you've got to throw it
at the wall and then it's got to bounce
off and go in here you just are you
ready for that yeah all right do it you
almost you almost hit the cat who want
really wants food I don't know all right
the top of the gold thingy
yeah you are a toilet commander I'm kind
of afraid well yeah anyone can do that
well you want to pick my next one yeah
what do you do other than scare bagel
they travel wherever your mom get rid of
your trampoline oh yeah we good what
yeah
all right well instead I'm gonna Bank it
off this and it's gonna go in over there
okay so to be like a like a skipping
stone shot okay
like what like we do it at the creek
yeah
Wow literally just hit exactly where the
turtle was and you didn't flinch at all
he's a peanut brain turtle she's a piece
that's another really lucky frisbee
isn't it yeah what do you think chef
Geoffrey things where is it he thinks
I'm trying to swim at the YouTube Hey
you're gonna go distance okay from start
here and throw down the hallway to the
goal are you ready is that a sandwich
yeah I mean you just don't eat the first
thing right at me aim Wow wrong room
right I've switched it around you got to
go down there and shoot this way because
you just hit the painting oh that was
good that was not you just turn the
lights off that's like a better trick
shot than the actual shot
we'll take that yeah dude you had so
many close calls good job I'm not give
it up okay so it's getting dark really
fast but I'm gonna do one final classic
shot from the top down to the bottom
floor go by there okay I'm gonna throw a
few from up here I had a backboard shot
does it count you think so well if we do
another one of these I'm gonna do it
without hitting the backboard yes that
was House frisbee golfing it's kind of
hard to do like a lot of the trick shots
I was hoping to be able to do because
the frisbees don't bounce that great but
we did have fun and my gosh that long
shot you really did not give up buddy
I'm proud of you
well I mean yeah yeah see and you did it
in the end right yeah that's awesome
it got dark it literally own like 15
minutes it was like sunny and then dark
but thank you guys for watching if you
guys want to see more videos from me I
do videos all the time most of them have
to do with skateboarding and my life and
then I have videos with this guy at
least once a week so if you guys want to
see more just hit the subscribe button
right down below your sign up see more
videos and yeah helps you guys tomorrow
with a new video and we're gonna have a
good father-son night right yeah we need
to play that new Mario it's too cold to
go outside and dark so that's pointless
but Mario Odyssey dude ready to play I
thought you'd be a t-rex I know I was
fuck
all bits the bonus clip what do you have
for us riding oh wow are you okay you
have this what are you doing and he's
gone
