where else Wednesday what why is there
no one here because the warehouse is a
mess dude I told you so why are you
walking you don't even we're doing walk
are you gonna do with it how I'll deal
with it
I'm gonna figure it out we got doing
warehouse Wednesday how are you possibly
gonna do it I'm gonna go back in time
and I'll film Garret at night man what
do you want building a board in a bucket
bucket war man you would say that
Jer days what's up this right here which
like to win this shirt look alright
there's a box over here you get a new
box beatdown alright 10 tricks what's it
gonna be good you can't be boardslide to
fakie hardflip boards then you do a
hardflip boardslide record but the audio
legit tracks you down down alright
sploded that is like gone I mean yeah
normal people would but you probably
know oh hi shelf five down
three more tricks three that was awful
yes
and your time what is it mmm kickback
tail maybe nothing we got it something
like that I've seen you do it before I
can see you do now this is literally the
only trick I can do that not true not
true but you got it all right
that was freaking look at that open your
encyclopedia and that was it right there
does anyone have encyclopedias anymore
yeah I have a children's encyclopedia
all right i won
eat that Bryan Ames heed that brine Ames
yeah keep that brine name's Bryan after
clip okay you're gonna get on the other
side of this tower and I'm gonna throw
the this and you're gonna with your eyes
closed
you're gonna catch the ball in your hat
so get right there get right there okay
you're gonna you're gonna face it all
right you're gonna hold the Hat behind
you and then I'll get it in that way all
right
yes yeah you ready how did boxes hurt do
that hurts so bad I'm sorry
sheikha give me the nose feel like I got
punched by Stay Puft Marshmallow Man
