hey you want to fingerboard which one do
you want wait a little whale you want
okay you want the Ray oh and then Darth
Vader what's up guys so this is my very
first skate unboxing video I've done
like video game stuff but I'm gonna open
up my stuff from Orion I've been rapping
a ryan for a little while now and they
sent me some new trucks and some shirts
I've never had a Ryan shirt so I'm
pretty excited for this and you are
interested the stickers aren't you why
you want a sticker okay I'm a little
bored if there's one in there it's got
your name on it buddy all right so I'd
usually use something super manly like a
scissors or a knife or punch my way into
the box but since I have right in here
my son I'm gonna use a baby knife okay
which is the dullest knife you could
ever have it's like it's a good napkin
but it's gonna work right all right box
number one I have oh look at this ridin
sticker pack a big sticker pack - so uh
more than I'm ever going to need because
there's some more in here look at all
these stickers you get to use them right
away you're the first customer bike
so yeah they hooked it up with stickers
and I will be throwing some of these in
with revived orders so if you see these
in your box
okay that's from that video Wow Oh more
friggin stickers look at that ridin say
whoa yeah whoa okay my gosh there's more
stickers these stickers just keep coming
look at this you have like your own army
of stickers ridin and you guys - cuz I'm
gonna give these away
oh and then we have two sets of trucks
this is awesome they usually don't send
me one because that lasts forever but
now I really don't need another package
for them for a while because I got two
sets I have some pet doggies like a
Grateful Dead looking logo Pat Duffy and
then I head up some disenzo with these
are really sharp looking boom and these
are 140s because I skate an 8-inch deck
so 140s are good size - trucks
heck yes thank you Oh Ryan I'm gonna
move on to the next box no no no three
sets of hardware - so heck yeah I'm very
cyclonus because hardware Oh with a new
skateboard is amazing is that your stack
of stickers what - the leaning tower
sticker isn't it
nope now it really is okay we're
night buddy where's your knife her dis
house is like way more brutal than if I
use a real knife also hulking out helps
you red boxes watch this scene just
normal not doing it it did it cuz I
hopped out so in this box we have a lot
of stuff oh my gosh
guess what ridin well guess what ridin
Morstan more stickers there you are okay
and then oh wow we have two Orien hats
trigger hats
boom like this and then boom look at
this and actually he threw a shirt in
for Alex be Alex buting is riding Orion
right now and this black shirt is
definitely for him but in the meantime
we can put this hat on ridin can you
rock that finally my first read a Ryan
shirt oh it's nice to leave this classic
Orion graphic right here
I'm site more stickers and I'm not
looking red and throw those on the floor
and there's another shirt I'll give that
to Alex so uh heck yeah I was expecting
all this stuff Thank You Orion so much
just a recap I got two pairs of trucks I
got two hats I'm gonna give one of these
Alex he got two shirts and then I got a
red tee finally and three sets of
hardware and then a ridiculous amount of
stickers which I will of course return
to you guys via revived orders as well
and just make this video a little better
I'm gonna give away a complete
skateboard where is that skateboard
buddy okay here's the skateboard Orion
is donating trucks wheels bearings and
hardware and you're gonna make this a
complete
guys yeah oh yeah
now to win this complete you're just
gonna go over to Ryan's Facebook page
which is right down the top of the info
and you're going to type on their wall
Andy sent me and then you're enter the
contest that's all it is I'm sorry if
you want Facebook if you don't you have
to know someone that has a Facebook so
have them enter for you but all you got
to do is go to Ryan's Facebook give it a
like and make sure you're following them
and then write Andy sent me on their
wall and then you're good to go you are
entered grand prize winner is gonna get
the complete but Orion's going to pick
two runner-up winners and then revive is
going to pick two runner-up winners so
we're going to be giving away two copies
of live skate die the DVD so you
actually get a physical copy of it and
then I'm not sure what a Ryan's gonna be
giving away but they always give away
goodies on their Facebook so uh be
psyched on that oh yeah I almost forgot
we will pick the winners in three days
so you have three days to enter and then
on Thursday I will announce the winners
on my personal Facebook page but I want
to give a huge thanks to Orion for
supporting me over the years and they're
making an amazing products I'll get you
milk when we finish this video first
okay but seriously to make an amazing
product and if you've seen my videos
like I skate these trucks for over a
year at a time and they just never give
up they're really good they're strong
and they ride amazing so try them out
but aside from that I just want to say
thanks to Joe Ryan and of course thanks
to you guys for watching my videos and
supporting me I would not be where I am
without you guys so uh hope you guys
were in the contest so just reiterate
all you got to do is go to Ryan spaceman
page the link is right down there like
and follow them and then type Andy sent
me on their wall and then you're injured
boom but I do videos every day so I'll
be back tomorrow with a new one and
subscribe if you want to see more for me
you want to say bye bye say bye bye
YouTube bye huh
that was good that was your best one yet
hey I love you that's you
I'm gonna go get the skateboard you
annotate YouTube okay talk to him talk
to him what did you tell him stuff
wha-oh hit what
