youtube what's up guys this is just a
little quick heads up video night in an
update video I'm just telling you that
we have decks restocked okay we were out
of 7.75 s & eights for a while and most
of the graphics and I'm really sorry we
just you know we found it just happens
sometimes we can't foresee how much
we're going to sell or vice versa so
sometimes we have more sizes than the
others and we have we got restocked on
red lifelines blue lifelines and the red
we are Dex the rest of the decks that we
have right now will be restocked early
to mid next week and then we have our
fall on coming out on Friday which is
two new decks and like three new shirts
we have hoodies a lot of cool stuff
happening so stay tuned for more
information for that bright names are
gonna give a little sneak peek this is
the orange lifeline that's one of the
decks be excited people but we're not
gonna leave you hanging okay we're going
to do some a skate warehouse to polling
alright Brian take your mark this is
these are the pins all right all right
do it gosh cheezle page through that
again gosh got a spare that was good
good thing in the garage door again I
feel bad are you all right I don't feel
bad you like destroy me restocked on
those decks yeah don't don't go
