what was that I was a good half-cab
heelflip 270 I don't care what it was I
really don't care what it was three
sixty to seventy if you spin spin time
in fact you could just take out any of
those things that is still a good trick
if you just did a half-cab heelflip
noseslide
270 out still be good if you just do the
heel flip out still be good that is how
you know it is a good skateboard trick
when you just subtract some of the
existing trick and it's still amazing
that is Fabien and he is a one amazing
skateboarder if you guys have not seen
the Edit on his channel or all of his
stuff you need to go check it out okay
go watch it get a freaking plate put
some food on it and have your eyeballs
on the screen okay
the food really doesn't need to be there
but just saying it might help guys
Fabien has a YouTube channel here and
the screen is gonna change the end and
the bottom link is his get on that and
check it out it is prime skateboarding
and I you know I know I sound like a
broken record always saying the same
things but I feature a lot of talented
skateboarders in my channel but I mean
it every single time and Fabien is
absolutely truth for there okay you know
I'm trying to say okay he's really good
so click that bottom link at the top
link will be me I do daily videos here
on YouTube but mainly go check out
Fabien right now you're gonna like it
okay I'm gonna go I'm gonna walk weird
walking is not weird that's weird that
you think that's weird
