yes was a hit me
warehouse Wednesday I'm dropping the
product does Astor say how it today
warehouse Wednesday you've got do the
front blunt on the flat bar with a bore
that it's far too small I like this
little mini board
you're gonna those have you ever even
done one no well this is it today's the
day I don't know if you can do it how
many tries you get 10 10 tries 10 tries
you win this little speaker and you know
if you want the speaker but it's speaker
for your app Oh it'd be cool could be
would probably won't be yeah the ones
you but needed any one of those but you
don't get it you've done the trick do
you need one everybody needs one okay
cool
good good good answer about five minutes
to warm up and after that you've got to
do the trick on the flat bar let me do
it on the box I'll give you like eight
stagers speakers sticker speakers will
set this right here burst don't I didn't
mean to do that hopefully it's durable
you have five minutes
oh wow wow that was just I say WOW when
I see that you look like a circus act
got about two minutes Alex all right
freaking oh oh you went over you went
over 30 minutes it's time to do your set
went over 30 minutes 30 seconds 30
seconds okay
okay ten tries from flight go
oh I think you can do this I think if
you do this you got seven more tries how
often do you do that to people
a lot that was it
five more tries you got it Oh how about
you hand it to him give him give him a
prize thank you sir let's just enjoy
this little more let's cut to Sam
getting hit in the face of the camera
Wow never mind that was good enough
Jordan Jordan Jordan you wanna do you
wanna have the after clip sure do the
dropping Oh the first person ever to
drop in on the straight quarters couch
maybe a sequel maybe a sequel video
