you too what's up guys so I do a lot of
talking in my videos when I screw that
up I'm I'm kind of an idiot I'll just
put it out there
in fact I'm for idiots all together in
one but no I have bloopers now takes and
all sorts of stuff of my videos and I
save them up and I put them into a
montage and this is the 14th time I've
done it so without further ado this is
the funniest bloopers montage fourteen
ten plus ten go now I don't know what to
say what do I say
hi guys why would you will you see
someone doing something that's stupid
online you know that they just don't
care you thought I was gonna hit myself
but I'm not not in the hating mood in my
hand oh you can't talk because you have
fingers not lips okay and it's not it
feeling like summer because my fiance
what she you've been married to her man
but I'm about to be your next-door
neighbor
whoa all right cool no I've lived down
the block apparently it's 540 on a flat
ground on a flat ground good talking
eighty good good good things coming out
of your mouth you're real freakin good
right now no I'm not but ironically
enough but I was gonna make fun of
myself you didn't need to laughs I'm a
philosopher ker
sell and a bunch of stuff sendin pitch
what is that sending a friggin whispery
wind that's what we're selling how about
that we revive whispery winds shut up
but what is my life been up like - like
it's a sister Mary Clarence
sister act Whoopi Goldberg I need a
goldfish I need a pet goat man all right
I'm gonna hope you dug this video
what's Rosa saying I don't even know
what to say on YouTube watching it could
be on Facebook Andy it's still a YouTube
video dum-dum other hand you out marking
with my head come on let's get ourselves
together guys there's three of us now
video I will be doing what were you
saying beats just wonders for your feet
okay
and okay okay okay boy what did you do
with my lookers cuz I needed knapsack
what does a knapsack I mean does anyone
have a knapsack I don't even or an
abscess I'm a Google what a knapsack is
there's just a sack on your hip
I see why wasn't that hip sack I swear I
just saw swirl right there I like to
throw water bottles up and catch them in
my hand perfectly
up and he wait he was that's great he
actually was just mom was actually just
mama filled that way I think guys sorry
if that was like a big story I'm sorry
if my face got frozen on the screen all
right
but seriously stupid noise that I've
been making for five years because it's
how I deal with my problems when I'm
talking on the internet it's like don't
talk make a funny face in the sound cuz
that solves your problems Andy that the
info is gonna be asked $1 not the actual
thing cuz the Internet's not real you
can't go hang out on a website with your
body and I will tell like if we can
gremlin Channel know what gremlin said
I'd like to be honest with you let's
shut up Annie don't make us a joke die
here's a bottle of water well yeah
that's surprised that is a surprise this
is why I don't play baseball I like
baseball but I don't play it because I
suck at throwing shoes calm and say the
word seeing of losing weight I need to
follow my my words I need to follow my
intro yeah do that shooting them what
would you with what would you not do
with the machine gun would you not do
what would you well else would you do I
give up I give up YouTube come here
water pie fit fit 5 it was like the
sequel to forfeit I was actually kind of
kind of witty there Andy yeah sometimes
you don't suck as much as you do kind of
new suck alright now you're stupid okay
44 midnight tonight tonight what do you
mean he goes to tomorrow is what I'm
trying to say oh I'm about to fall
asleep right here sitting sitting still
standing I know horrible talk
you know this place is freaky enough
that a price - my gosh why she asked for
apparently it is because my life's just
is a face like this and when you have a
face like this you better hold it like
that and then I walk out of the frame
awkwardly
now Dasher creep noise I hope tonight's
not hard tonight although I shouldn't
say that because they thrive on fear and
they be like oh you keep hoping buddy
you freaking keep hoping cuz I'm gonna
get scarier that was a weird face to
make
you
