I'm gonna do it man you got his back you
gotta split it with him
Oh Brian Ames is a new day a new day yes
Lance on a high five for no reason thank
you we're here at the death bump okay
death by the death pump I don't even
know if Emma's gonna do anything because
that's horrifying it's one thing the
trick is not know there's just a lot of
cars flying by you while you skate or
anything that's the problem yeah I
shouldn't even told you about that now
you're going to be thinking about it
price price any shocks in the frame
the biggest bust in LA and you don't
you're kicked out I feel like the
biggest bust you should get like taken
away immediately you're like walking up
and I walking towards you yeah you get
you get the cap wish I which means they
need more work to do ya like that me
enough
