okay what is up with Oregon alright
because every skateboarder that Billy
handing features on his channel knows
how to skate Tech and stuff some fashion
is that like just the everyday lifestyle
up there like even the non skateboarders
are doing like flips into their cereal
bites it's ridiculous and quite
entertaining I mean I like it but really
I mean that someone does a tail slide
they can immediately do tails like big
spin out to manual to kickflip to
freakin YouTube video but yeah this is
Billy handing and his friends and good
stuff as always liked his puts out some
of the best content on YouTube and some
skateboarders the people need to know
about so check out his channel the
screens about the flash in the bottom
like will be his channel and then the
top link will be me I do daily videos
just like this on youtube your but
mainly check Billy's channel outs and
like what you see and then I'm gonna go
here's a random shirt and
you
