are you want to commentate what is he
gonna try right now he's gonna do 50-50
on this rail first shot dead does it
blend oh FYI if you you're going to do a
feeble on a box or a flat ledge do it
fast like that looks much better writer
when you told me you're gonna do that I
was like all right I trust you but I was
like I own the house gonna work we're
gonna be home so i'll be here with
rubbery alberta robber I like what you
did with the whole like entering the
atmosphere thing all right we interrupt
this video to do the craziest hippie
jump you will see you today all right
Stan or possibly this week it's insane
is zech 'it's are you scared right now
he's gonna you think he's gonna clip
your head at all maybe he did not clip
you he landed it all right high-fives
for everybody I don't know why I'm
fighting you what you did it I was a
trick nothing how's the best image jump
you're gonna see all week easy maybe
ever I was insane
ah they got me pumped like when your
heat to watch a lap in the Lion King all
that crap it was like that level of
awesome
you
