YouTube what is up guys so this is an
update video where I just sit here and
talk about my life and that's not
something you're into your pride and
click on this video and in the first
place but if you're here you might as
well listen because you want to first
off I got injured okay and I'll talk
about that in a little bit okay calm
your comments and everyone's eyes are
rolling around saying like Andy I told
you you should have taken today see it
has a chicken noodle soup and just not
skating okay I'll get to it just call
him calm down right now for five seconds
cuz the first thing I want to talk about
is actually a big event that was
happening in my life that I didn't tell
you guys about I was literally about to
film a video saying hey guys this is
happening it's awesome and stay tuned
for a couple days before I was all going
down I got news that the whole event was
cancelled okay
I was actually scheduled to interview
Stan Lee and work the booth that he used
working at Comic Con with him and Chris
Cole pretty awesome that have been
awesome you know Stan Lee has changed
lives he created so many of our favorite
superheroes and he's made the comic
industry what it is today
which in effect made some amazing movies
that are still coming out and will
continue to come out needless to say I
was excited okay but he got a cold and
he's 91 so when you get a cold you know
like you gotta take a chill pill okay
you got a good beating beanbag and you
gotta just sit down to your house and be
like I'm not leaving this beanbag until
I feel better so that's what he was
doing and the event got canceled but the
dudes that worked with him on the Marvel
guys or the Stanley dudes they were like
Andy okay you still should come out here
and come to comic-con and I was like
okay you don't get to tell me twice
so I flew up to San Diego last weekend
and I went to comic-con it was amazing
it was really fun like I'm gonna go back
next year with Rhydon I'm gonna be like
ride look at this wonderfulness that is
Comic Con but I won't go on and on
talking about how awesome Comic Con was
I will just show you some footage some
snippets that Sam Tabor and I filmed
while we were there Sam was supposed to
be my assistant on the project so he got
to go with me Comic Con footage go
there is ash ketcham the internet just
exploded of comments whose Goku Venera
was like this on Ash Ketchum
there's a Walkman mr. Walker
apocalypse alright so there's the extra
figure it's my own personal act and then
there's you so hands down that
apocalypse costume was amazing like I'm
just creepy awesome and awesome
there's two awesomes in there was that
awesome so I had a good time and it's a
bummer I didn't get to meet and
interview Stanley cuz I would have been
a dream come true but his dudes were
talking me in the or they might
reschedule so hopefully I get to do that
in the future either way I'd like to
thank angel savato for hooking it up his
skateboard company tear of Planet X was
doing a collab skateboard with Stanley
and that's why I was involved that I was
kind of there just to hype it up say hey
this is happening people get excited
about it so again maybe one day but
angel and Toni I want to say thank you
dudes for the awesome time experience
opportunity whatever that was
although and why was it San Diego I
didn't do some skateboarding which is
why I got hurt which I'll talk about in
a second but the cops in San Diego or
something else okay ten or eleven years
ago cops hated skateboarders okay you'd
be at a skate spot and if a cop saw you
even thinking about skateboard he'd be
like radar in on you be like you thought
about skateboard it go to jail you're
never seeing your mom again your dog now
has three legs it was nuts
instant prejudice for having a
skateboard on you and it was but
skateboarders came a long way you know
and you're like if you're just nice to a
copy's days half the times it'll just
let you skate freely or they'll just say
like hey guys in appreciate you might be
bother those peoples to take off and
you're like yes I will do that because
we just had a good conversation like I
was nice you were nice and there's a
mutual amount of respect it's a little
better okay but ten years ago and that
never happened and cops just kind of
hated skateboarders forgive me for
generalizing but that's just kind of
what I experienced in my life but San
Diego the cops are still kind of crazy
down there okay if you live in San Diego
I'm sorry they get to deal with that
because we were literally walking like
five feet on school property and they
sat us down on the curb there were decay
if you guys have ever been arrested
before you're getting ticketed today and
I'll say we're usually walking with our
skateboards I mean we admit it we even
said that we were here to not skateboard
and then they ran our stuff and realize
that we've never been arrested and we
were not lying and then they let us go
with a warning but it's just like my
gosh
calm down either way I had to rant about
that a little bit because here in
Cincinnati in the Midwest like it's
generally like a good relationship
between skateboards and cops these days
at least in my little world but yes I
got injured okay
the truth and I'm gonna tell you the
story okay I'm gonna tell you a long
story long okay I'm not gonna shorten it
down I would tell you the whole thing so
you have all the information about nine
years ago I developed something called
Haglund's deformity okay which I think
that I have this is either way it's like
a bump on the back of your heel like a
calcium deposit where your bone just
starts growing out and I have a bump and
I'm showing it to you in my videos if
you've watched them all usually it was
slightly uncomfortable like sometimes
are awakened to be stiff or sore but
other times you feel fine I was just the
guy with a bump on the back of his heel
that was fine I was it was completely
fine being that guy but then about like
three or four months ago it started get
a little bit worse and I started
complaining about in my videos I was
like what am I gonna do this this is
starting to hurt to hope I can be able
to skateboard continuingly that word
happened so about two and a half months
ago I was like I gotta take a break and
I stopped skating for like a solid week
and a half which is strange for me I
just stretched a lot I like I treated it
right at ice tits I I did all the stuff
you're supposed to do with an injury it
started to feel a little better so I
sampled a skate session okay and that
was in my day in the life 24 I do
believe I was reading a 360 hippie jump
and I twisted my foot off of my board
and it just ripped my Achilles tendon
get a that's the the muscle that like
bends around the back of the ankle which
where's my bump where that's where my
pump is so I had a small tear in my
Achilles tendon and it was hot and
immediately painful and I couldn't
really walk it took me like five days to
start walking normal again and then I
was like whoa okay I talked to my aunt
who's like a occupational therapist she
was like well I can't tell you for sure
but this is what I think is probably a
small tear you need to stay off it for
like weeks and weeks so I did the same
thing I got nursed it back to health and
I started to feel good again okay and
then I was trying a front board on a
long rail and we are avenged 46 where
she will see I kind of toured again like
it hurt again so I was off so like four
weeks into my healing process I heard it
again and I was like you're Nidhi and
Andy so I took another four weeks and
that healed up even more and I was
feeling good I had a few sessions under
my belt and I was doing like not only
front no slides like kick flips back
side flips three flips heel flips all
the stuff I was doing a lot of stuff and
I was go to California and I was like
all right you know I'm been feeling good
I think it's now it's time to try
something real so I was at the leap of
faith which if you don't know what the
leap of faith is you need to because
it's like one of the most iconic skate
spots ever sadly you can't skate the gap
anymore maybe not sadly because it's
pretty huge
people probably it hurt on it very very
badly but I was there and I was like I
got the idea to do a trick it wasn't
like it was a goofy trick so don't think
I'm like a crazy man but it wasn't like
a flat ground shake like I was trying
something on the actual leap of faith
structure I guess you could say hello to
me hold I took impact for the first time
and it felt a little weird and then one
of the times that I stuck my trick it
just stretched my Achilles tendon out
like horribly and I got it didn't hurt
as much as the first time but it hurt a
lot so I've been in a lot of pain
walking so I've got to go see a doctor
and I've got to get this all sorted out
but I might not be back on my skateboard
for like a long time however this takes
to heal I wouldn't do it because I want
to skateboard again in my life it's a
huge bummer but I got to do the right
steps like I'd like do it completely JIT
before I get back on my skateboard and I
will produce many a content I'll do
daily videos just like I do of all my
dudes and friends and you know people
internet that I know so don't worry
nothing's gonna change aside from you
actually not seeing me skateboarding my
videos but I'm gonna do what it takes to
get back and I will skate again I will
do that but as far as the companies go
revive has some cool things happening
this month we are launching our fall
line which I'm sure I talked about last
video but I'm gonna show you some of the
products right now right here first off
we got two new decks coming out one is
like the first deck in a new series and
that we finished off in the holiday
season and second is a new life line
color we are actually getting rid of the
black so for now at least it's gonna go
away for a little while so if you like
black get it right now while you can but
the new products here we have the two
new shirts this is my favorite shirt
graphic to come out in a while this is
the emblem graphic Alisa's named that
right now and then we have this circle
graphic which is cut has been a sticker
for a long time but now it's finally a
shirt you've probably seen both of these
and videos at least my red version of it
and then we're also we also have this
graphic on a black and gray hoodie
tie-dye black and gray tie-dye hoodie so
be excited for that guys we have a new
sticker pack coming out soon and some
very exciting new releases that are
happen midseason which will be like in a
couple months now as far as the wheel
company goes it's kind of unfortunate
because everything is in stock and ready
to go except for the wheels themselves
but it's an in production right now and
hopefully we'll have a release date
within the next week or two stay tuned
for that I meant to film a teaser video
this week but I'm probably gonna do it
this next week because this week's just
kind of like a nightmare for me within a
week of seeing this hopefully get a
teaser and then with the note two weeks
you're gonna get a trailer announcing
the team and the name and all that stuff
so be excited bear with me I know it's
been a long time coming but the
information is coming very soon I
promise you but I don't really have
anything other than that so thank you
guys for watching this video I do daily
videos here my youtube channel so if you
like what you saw subscribe and I'll be
back for more you'll be back for more I
don't even know how to say it anymore
but I'm done here that was kind of scary
and now I'm that guy with a hat and
glasses of nerve dirt on his face
big story I'm sorry if my face got
frozen on the screen and I will having I
mean it was like four or five fit--
fit-- five it was like the sequel to
forfeit
I was actually kind of kind of witty
there Andy yeah sometimes you don't suck
as much as you kind of do suck all right
now you're just stupid you know this
place is freaky enough that a price - my
gosh
you
