you know how Brad Pitt is known for
buttons and being named Ben well Johnny
Geiger should be known for being perfect
because what he does tricks is just the
flawless and if it's not flawless the
next one's gonna be in fact that's his
new nickname is perfect okay so everyone
go to his go to his channel and be like
hey what's up perfect what are you doing
today probably something good probably a
flat ground trick waist height yes that
is Johnny Geiger this is another
installment of the every angle series he
does here on my channel and he just
keeps him coming and he probably will
never end these because he has the
biggest bag of tricks ever but if you
want to see more stuff from Johnny the
screens about to change and the bottom
link will be his channel make sure you
check it out I do daily videos myself so
hit the top button but mainly check out
Johnny and like it he actually already
sent me another one so watch out next
week or the week after that for his a
next trick the next one's super tech 2
is like he's like whoa I could do maybe
that once he doesn't like ten times in a
row
rock on hope you dug that I'm gonna
piece of styrofoam whoa it broke
I'm such a man I broke something that's
how you know that you're a man is when
you break things exploding things also
works
you
