oh my gosh oh you're right
all right into like right on my back oh
my gosh
YouTube what is up guys so slam montage
I got to do these ones so I save up my
slams on my channel and put him into a
montage just like this I actually kind
of feel obligated to tell you that the
last fall was burnt as Ellie that was a
skateboarder he is just fine it's insane
as that fault was he got up walked it
off and lived to tell the tale
but yeah burn was okay and the rest of
the dudes were just fine I mean but
following as a part of skateboarding and
I would say it's kind of like fast food
sometimes they're gonna forget your
burger and it's gonna suck okay but you
just got it you guys you got to suck it
up you know you gotta be like I'm gonna
fall on this ledge I'm gonna not eat a
double cheeseburger it was a really
stupid metaphor but there you guys go
hope you guys dug this montage I'm sorry
for bugs you had a lot of people watch
these and be like man I want to go skate
anymore I personally I'm not like that
but if you are I'm gonna put a link at
the end of this video to a really fun
skate video it's the lead latest we want
revenge we did which is a series I do
here in my channel but either way thank
you for watching I hope you guys dug it
if you want to see more like this hit
the subscribe button I do daily videos
here on YouTube and I said oh I'm out of
here guys so I'm gonna sort of disappear
and you're not gonna even know how I did
it Scottie do your thing
you
