oh that's so bad yeah I got here it is
gonna do so if you couldn't figure that
out I'm just gonna tell you that fall
hurt okay cuz the moment Alex begs hip
hit that ledge he was in a puddle of
pain a downpour of discomfort a
hopscotch of hurt okay that last one was
bad I'm sorry I could watch this video
as a stranger and just deduce why this
fall was not comfortable at all first
off the moment he got done falling you
got serious and told you exactly how he
was feeling dude that hurts so bad
that's so bad if it's not a bad fall
typically the person is not gonna tell
you that right away you know they're
gonna just sit there and maybe laugh a
little bit they're gonna have I don't
know think about where they're eating
for dinner lots of things could happen
but they're not gonna get super serious
and say that's so bad also Alex didn't
even have to get up to realize he was
done trying that trick he I'm knew from
the get-go I mean he was about to text
his mom and say mama be home early cuz i
sucked to that nose ear i think even
texted his aunt like george lucas knew
that he wasn't gonna continue that trick
because he knew from the get-go all
right JJ Abrams Oh JJ so my point is
that this was instant pain okay Alex bag
was not having fun that day aside from
the skateboarding today beforehand when
she was having fun he did he did pretty
decently which it and one new trick
ended up in we revenge 35 but if you
don't believe me here are some skate
footage that he did that day
yeah I'm kind of into Brussels sprout
suck it a lot oh hey dude you choose
back I go so there you go Alex Vegas
good landing tricks and not just falling
on ledges as you know if you've watched
my channel before and on the bright side
it could be a lot worse okay that fall
wasn't that bad you know I'm sure it
hurts and I'm sure he got a hit bruise
but I'm that he was back on his board
like the next day and also it could be
worse okay cuz he could have fallen
legend than a bowling ball couldn't
leave old down the street in the head in
fact that's a good rule of thumb that
anytime you're bummed you'd always get
hit in the head with a random bowling
ball leave your girlfriend dumps you
like yeah that sucks but you know it
would be a lot worse we've gotta hit the
head of the bowling ball and your
girlfriend dumped you unless you're that
one dude out there probably names Jack
that actually got hit in the head and
something bad happened to him because
yak your life is rough buddy and I'm
sorry I shouldn't be here should not be
laughing but I'm done here I want to say
thank you to dallas for who filmed this
and gave it to me to use in this video
I'll link to his channel is right down
the info so go check it out but I hope
you guys dug this video I do fall Friday
as every other friday so in two weeks
you can see another one of these and new
videos every day so subscribe if you
want to see more goofiness and
skateboarding and whatever i'm getting
into but that's it I would like to thank
you for watching one last time and put
on some shades puncture so on the face I
mean that is why we call them son armors
because they're like a shield for your
face oh it shoved him right to my nose
why does it hurt so badly and hit the
nose it's like an instant pain but not I
hope we get we got a black nose from it
ok enter will be like Andy why you have
a black nose bug cuz I hit myself on the
face well why don't you
Oh what should i do today how about
being a frickin horror movie cuz I look
weird you gotta make this looks weird
hope you guys dug the video i will be
doing what were you saying
you
