something's attacking me what is that
back there it's just you how are you
good about to go hiking say hike time
say it loud say hike time there you go
but remember when we used to dance while
hiking riding a ridin watch I can tickle
you I love you what are we about to
watch long ridin how do you clean up
with style well you gotta make it though
buddy all right you want to try that
again all right now this place is kind
of clean do you want to go skateboard we
are traveling to skateboard aren't we
can you run first you need your helmet
do I see any things that sound a lot
like I'm a dad right that's because I am
now all right say success oh all right
all right so you're gonna put your foot
right here now you're gonna push off and
put the foot on there then you're
rolling you wanna learn how to ollie
whoo oh did you do it oh you did a sin
to the grass though Wow where should we
roll too late way back there okay this
is a tiny skateboard right way tiny and
there's a change we don't want to hit
the chain do it yeah you want to have
you jump this ready go tell the camera
you did it go tell the camera yeah well
tell the lens buddy right here like
look at you sitting on a rock just
relaxing what are you thinking about
oh you think about skateboard
what about Star Wars Oh what about
Pokemon what about uh burrito you like
burritos Wow
