alright guys so that was Daniel Yeager
and he is good at skateboarding like
that his next level skateboarding he's
not playing the new call of duty he's
playing next year's call of duty which I
don't know if anyone's gonna care about
it but you know people are gonna care
about Daniel skating because those
combos were ridiculous like it doesn't
trigger than manuals to the next trick
like most people will just do two tricks
he's like you know what I'm just gonna
throw a manual and make it one really
good and really entertaining Daniel
actually has a channel here on YouTube
and the screen is gonna change here at
the end of the video and the bottom link
will be his so go check him out and
subscribe to him you're gonna like what
you see like this dude is on his way to
doing great things he's already doing
great things he's gonna do greater
things uh but no he actually had him on
shred cast I remember seeing him on the
ride channel then when he was on shred
cast I was like I'm gonna go look at
more footage up and I'm glad I did
because I really liked what I saw so uh
screens about to change he's gonna be on
the bottom I'll be on the top if you
want to see more for me I do daily
videos just like this here on youtube so
subscribe but mainly check out Daniel
guys okay and I'm gonna go let's go mess
with bry names desk let's go do that No
might as well throw vacuum at it I was a
lot less exciting than those gonna be
but you know what for our names this is
why you have a vacuum on your desk
tomorrow morning
you
