Dawson what is your first name Dawson
you want to do that Benny Hannah 360 out
of that the thing i don't know if i can
benihana with it but i can you owner
walks our walk you were doing airwalks
kick your air kick your legs in the air
all right let's do it oh that was a to
kick dude yeah that was good high fives
I was amazing dude hey guys how is gone
forever you can touch dude that was
doesn't matter when you can't understand
that shrink of a hand touches I'm not
worried about it karbonn i'm going to
film some dudes on this box because
people are doing tricks today i'm glad i
did too
he'll flip fitty here flip 50 cent
heelflip Eminem couple of dr. Dre all
right now bangerang peter pan friggin
Captain Hook Rufio Lost Boys Tinkerbell
doing good you're good yeah come on come
on oh you did on purpose now then why
would I ever did it on purpose your
reaction was priceless
you want a little known fact thomas
certain i've been in freakin Beach gear
because i didn't know i was filming
today i was trying to relax to the
warehouse but i don't know if sandals
are good kicking like a shoe are you
willing to be a test okay are you
willing to test it out if I hit you I
get to buy you a drink are you ready
sorry they work really well look like
darts dude oh I mean what it hits you
you would have been hit in the face I
was right for it i've been i've been in
the face before he'll be no no sorry
you
