hey cool I'm injured and I can't
skateboard this episode herbs you right
serves me right after all the abuse you
put us through you deserve more yeah I
deserve more fact you deserve to be
punished a little bit more but how are
you gonna punish me why would you punish
me I'm gonna slap you to California
you're not welcome to el hand
don't throw up
the ground away money
all right where are we brand names I
don't know Lafayette Plaza and I was
about to say we're gonna skip it but
we're not
you're gonna skateboard - yeah we're
gonna meet up some dudes here that
you'll know on your butt
debris like this
right before that I told him I was gonna
buy him five boxes of cereal if you
landed it so I guess that's what we're
doing later in this video
all right so high five on five stair
destruction literally like no would
skate anything else because everyone's
just killing this thing but but you're
gonna be on a mission you're gonna go
try this a crazy transition thing one
try indeed one try and then you take a
joke probably alright so and you're hurt
are you ready for a mission I believe so
yeah success
all right well I'm a man of my word and
I'm gonna buy this dude five boxes of
cereal which I didn't think of it but
it's like about 25 bucks material yeah
yeah you're set for a while dude yeah I
think we it's cool that we got the cart
with flat spots it's like paradise even
as an adult it's fun to pick out cereal
box one that's what every good crisp see
you charms you like opened it going
Chris right boom that's who you are -
all right we're done here good no only
double here but thank you we're go Beach
skinny a manual pad Aaron Cairo meat we
are avenged 45 hello we're revenge 45 -
skateboard
no one
look
I did I could skate once does that make
you feel better
yeah serves you right serves me right
I've never been that bad to you guys
Yeah right like the time that you you
threw water balloons at me I didn't
throw them back
Yeah right you guys share write me one
more touch it right Ryan how hard is it
not to dress like me pretty good though
it's no surprise how I'm gonna look
every day and you this
some people this is the biggest set of
seven stairs ever
everything thank you I'm Ryan Bracken
we're on to the next spot and you have a
mustache we're at the barracks do you
want like a
I like rap
oh it's a freakin cookie crunch bomb Oh
how's the crime in Miami these days good
good
I know you can do it I know you can do
it you want to get one more - one more
trick I got three flip something
surprise me you surprise me bender we
meant to do that didn't we yeah
absolutely meant to do that
I'm sorry buddy I'm sorry I got too
excited you land the trick and I threw
your soccer ball I'm gonna get it though
what in this dumpster which is kind of
rude
45 done how's the fun episode you really
need to start treating us better you
please quit it with that in the hours of
the morning basketball are you done now
that just happened
Thomas are you the devil
