youtube's what is up guys it is question
and answer time you guys asked questions
on my facebook and i'm gonna scroll
through an answer handful from i got
over 1200 questions so I'm definitely
not going to be able to even scratch the
surface but I'm going to answer some of
them hopefully I nail some questions
that a lot of you guys are asking so
without further ado let's do this Tyler
Owings asks have you ever not one red
yes I was born naked believe it or not
if I'm wearing clothes I always have a
red shirt on before anything else but um
I've been naked and then all my whole
life before I was 14 there were plenty
of times right now we're in sabana
Liberty says have you in Sam Tabor ever
fought before and yes pretty much Sam
and I fight 24 7 8 we're kind of like
constantly like making fun of each other
and having a blast all at the same time
but as far as like an actual fight now I
mean he's my dude I haven't really
gotten to a serious fight with anybody
on revive I'm pretty easy to get along
what if I like to think and it takes a
lot to get me like actually angry so no
no fights real fights but Sam yes itch
Lucas Archer says have you ever skated
with a pro and yes if you watch my
channel i have videos with Kordell Ryan
Sheckler care gets Richy Jackson the
list goes on probably I think Harry
Thompson says favorite Zelda and or
Mario games Zelda I'm gonna have to say
twilight princess or Ocarina time I
don't know it's close battle there and
then Mario game I would have to say
mario 64 solid super mario world also
runner-up not answering that my kajra
markham says if i drink a gallon of
baking soda do you think i would barf
yeah probably the subs freaking like
gasoline it's weird Louis Greene says
have you ever had a video removed if so
what for yes I totally had a video of my
friend like kinda like grabbing a
seagull on the beach I mean the seagull
literally kind of walked right up to him
in my friend was just like holding the
seagull so that way wasn't like violent
or anything it was not hurting it at all
the seagull just kind of like they're
like you grab me what are you doing and
then they kind of play dead weight was a
hilarious video and I put in the info
like this is not animal abuse we didn't
literally like backed away from the bird
let him do his thing he played then he
played dead like he wasn't hurt at all
and then he flew away but i guess like
just putting the word animal abuse and
the info youtube was like no uh so
it took it down immediately and it's
it's a funny clip but it will never hit
the internet ever again I'm sorry Ali
goes and says are you going to make a
sequel yesterday race and I'm actually
going to write a sequel TS a race this
year that's my goal at least and I don't
know if I'm gonna release it publicly
because I'm gonna kind of write a series
based on my life but since they have to
do with real people and like I don't
want to like kind of expose a lot of
people in a sense so if I write it
really safely i might release it but
odds are it's just gonna be like my
personal collection I'm sorry I know a
lot of you guys are really upset to you
that but i will write books kind of
based on it that are like more safer to
publish so you will see more for me in
the book world I promised Sam Brown no
stupid Sam Brown says can you 720 flip
I've done a couple 720 double flips and
they've been very sloppy but if Landon
720 single flip super hard know where
Jordan Johnston says how a true is your
book and it's ninety-five percent
exactly how it went down I sprinkle a
little bit of fiction in here to like
wrap the book up and kind of like
connect the dots and certain things but
like a lot most of it is absolutely true
and the rest of its like highly based on
relevance Shane jadhav says why did you
get married and have a kid well I got
married because I loved her and I've
always wanted kids that's when the time
is right for something you just do it
and I love my wife and I'm super happy
and riding is the best thing that's ever
happened to me so to all you people who
think that like that's like the end of
life or whatnot you guys are crazy if
you're married to the right person and
having kids for the right reasons it's
literally the best thing to ever happen
to you and hasn't slowed me down one bit
I still skate and I still get to make
goofy videos like my life is exactly the
same I just get to share with the best
people ever so Adam Cooper asks a
question that people have been asking
for their entire lives and I keep
answering it but nobody processes it
fully he says deserve I've ship
internationally if so how much were
posters to be to Australia at we have
from day one shipped internationally and
I answered it probably about like 500
times like people keep asking this
question so yes we ship internationally
it is expensive that's something we
can't control like our country's charge
what they charge so I'm sorry I can't do
anything about the price but when it
comes down to it it's still cheaper than
like a deck in other countries so do
your research even if shipping is more
expensive of the board it doesn't mean
you're paying
more than you would in your country if
that makes sense either way when there's
an issue on the internet just do some
research go to the website and try to
order it and see how much it costs
that's the better way of doing things
Danny Sanchez asks would you ever go
down a mega ramp if so a chick would you
do off it easy yeah I'd like to think
that I would try the mega ramp and my
trick would be getting to the other side
in one piece and surviving and if I did
that I just like flew across it and slid
down the thing I would be so psyched if
I ever actually a lien rolled away then
I don't know I'll do something really
creates on YouTube albin or mcgard says
how did you find skateboarding i google
mapped it also my friend brought a
skateboard of the comic shop and he was
AK that's rad this and I was like you're
onto something buddy let's do it dylan
proper says when did you realize
skateboarding with something you like
doing from the moment african stepped in
on it what stepped in on it no it was
like love at first sight I got on my
skateboard I was like holding it I was
like I'm gonna make out with you because
I love you not really but I loved it
from the get-go julia perez has do you
have any siblings and i have 14 siblings
which is a lie i have one i have one is
this she's a sister she's the sister
there you go brain brain time Andy
Anthony volp says do you miss being as
good as you used to be at skating and to
me it's kind of weird thing because I
used to be better at hand rails back
then but I'm like way more tech or and
do different types of things now than
I'd ever did back then so I feel like
I'm better in all more ways than I was
back then but I definitely went bigger
in the past and I feel like if I just
got some time to actually spend on my
skateboard more than like 45 minutes a
week when i'm actually skateboarding I
could get some of the bigger stuff back
so i don't know i don't with that said i
do miss doing big stuff but i feel like
i have a lot more control on a lot of
other things i don't want to feel like
I'm worse now famous Darcy says hey Andy
what's your greatest achievement in your
life and I'm gonna be cheesy and I'm
gonna say my son but it's absolutely
true I see the little guy and I'm like
you or what I am here on earth for
because uh he's the best thing is a
rabbit me I love that little guy Sam
Cleve says how do you get revenge /
survive start and how difficult was it
then he goes on to talk about how he
potentially wants to start a company Sam
I didn't I didn't really mean to start a
company i had the videos and then a lot
of people started asking for product and
when they wanted product does like
aren't sure i'll start a company and
I was kind of lazy with it at first but
things kept selling out and I just kept
it going and eventually I pulled my
buddy Brian names in and him and I and
then of course the team helped out and
we just kind of got it going for real
and I learned as I went but the biggest
thing I did right when it comes to
revenge and revived is that I built an
audience before I had product so when I
started the company i had people that
already wanted the stuff so that was
like the big thing that made me
different than others I feel I mean
we're still growing you know I'm not
saying we're like super successful but
that's the reason why we're like growing
and and doing fairly well is because I
did it kind of backwards and i created
the demand before the supply business
lesson there you go right there Mickey
Valiquette says is your wife camera shy
and no she was actually in one of my
skits so I look up sexy girl date fail i
think it is she's in that one Mason
winces is a stressful going all these
trips and camps and going out filming
and trying to be home and have fun with
the family yes it's very stressful i'm
fortunate enough that i usually can like
make the trips happen in like a weekend
or like three or four days and i'm back
here and i'm with ride and lighted a ton
you know like every day i'm home by like
four o'clock and i'm with him until he
goes to bed so I get to spend a lot of
time with ridin my wife's going through
grad school right now so I'm she's busy
24 7 so whenever I can get time with her
I take it but overall the family life is
rocking it's just it is stressful though
we're all really busy except ridin
because it's two ducks and mcdougald
that's a good question he says do you
ever wonder what your life would be like
if you didn't start skateboarding the
first place and I would want to be a
nerve because i'm a nerd now i don't
know i probably i'd like to think that i
would be in video of some sort because i
have passion for video but I it's been
such a big part of my life it's so weird
to fathom what I would be doing maybe I
would have gotten to like the video game
industry because I've always had a
passion for that but wow world without
skateboarding for me it's very hard to
imagine so I'd be a nerd of some sort
dork a geek whatever you want to call me
but uh it's hard to pinpoint exactly
what I'm sorry but that's it guys I
would do another one of these in like a
month or so I'll try to do it more often
because I know you guys like this and
just to answer all the wheel questions
i'm about to get some wheel information
out within the
next month we're kind of waiting on
wheels right now so unfortunately is
kind of set back a little further than
we'd like but more infos coming within
the next couple weeks stay tuned but
thank you very much everyone who asked a
question I like doing these and then if
you guys want to get in on the next one
make sure you follow me on Facebook the
URL is right here and in the info below
I'll basically make a post asking us ask
me questions and then I just go through
an instrument in but I'm gonna go
subscribe for daily videos and then I'm
gonna we're gonna end this video with a
cat okay well I here's one right now hi
how are you oh you're gone or are you or
are you yep yep yep yep yep yep ah leave
this mess ridin dude clean your playroom
buddy
