what's up guys this is Suzy Heath she's
about to shred your your screen away
okay are you ready for this all right
preemptive rock that's how good she is
run five run a beer and a half pipe
ah
dude chill bringing these dyes man see
that me smile is so good
this ain't worth mine I'll have you know
that none of my friends are gonna
dropped in on this I am Telling You it
though that is fun
like no hesitation as you like I'm still
dropping on this friggin building of a
halfpipe
oh I was good that was the end right
there you're an inspiration
thank you for more we rock
hey what's up guys so I need to explain
myself for a second here wasn't actually
I do a talking part on this video
because I wasn't going to put anything
to do with girls skateboarding in the
title but after talking to my friend I
actually changed my mind the reason why
I didn't want to address the fact that
Suzy is a girl or the fact that she is a
girl I don't want to put in a title
because I didn't want to draw attention
to that aspect because she shreds so
much on her own I didn't want anyone to
feel like I'm saying she shreds for a
girl because like she holds her own no
matter who you are like that was some
solid skateboarding and she kills it and
she has such a passion but I was talking
my friend and he was like you know what
a lot of people that want to see a girls
skateboarding are gonna want to see that
in the title and so they can search for
and I was again because I definitely
want to get Suzy's footage out there um
I met her at the skate camp I did last
month and she was killing it and I was
like oh my gosh we should do a video so
I just want to explain myself you know
like it's awesome to see more girls
skateboarding in general and suzy is my
gosh she's just has the passion she
skates for the right reasons and it was
just kind of refreshing seeing her kill
the skate park so I wasn't trying to
make a big deal about her being a girl I
just wanted people to be able to search
it and find Suzy killing it on a
skateboard I know a lot of people do
search for a specifically girls
skateboarding so that's my reason behind
that but either way Suzy kills it and
she's actually be traveling around the
country this summer I think she's in
Woodward right now and then she's going
to be as soon as the skate parks on the
west coast so if you see her give her a
pat on the back buy her a soda or
something and tell her she shreds
because she does and I cannot wait to
see what she does with her skateboarding
in the future so Suzy keep killing it
thank you guys for watching and I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go mess with Thomas
somehow because that's what I do or
maybe he'll mess with me I don't know
maybe we'll get punched in the face when
I walk in here Thomas let's do it dude
punch me that's the flood was a slap
you
