hey who's a hookah who got you that
skateboard Oh Jane did didn't he Thank
You Daniel huh I got another surprise
for you yeah are you accept are you
ready all right now we can't play with
this we're gonna just keep this in good
condition but we'll get this fingerboard
what's on it look at it buddy ride ends
on that fingerboard that's you isn't
that awesome happy that's right yeah
it's you and me
so adnan from fire flint figure boards
randomly sent this to us and it's so
awesome so yeah we're gonna keep this in
a great condition because you only
appear on a fingerboard once in your
life and I'm totally gonna order another
fire flame fingerboard online so at Don
thank you you're the best and ridin say
you are the best or be shy that's also a
possibility catch this your life depends
on it
oh you're dead you guys really
Ryden this is your favorite movie yeah
mm-hmm weird are the Jedi all the way
should we get the stormtroopers let's go
get your room they're in your room Wow
are you wounded all right ballet get him
oh are you wounded buddy let me give you
a first aid kit oh you're feeling better
already let's go Jake
oh is that you with Santa you need to
chew first try of course you're gonna do
it again why wouldn't you
trouble up
and I totally set this up to completely
horrify Brian Ames now it would scare me
it would scare me
all right so we are here at the airport
to pick up our helmeted friend how was
it friend
he's probably to have his helmet outside
of his back to hope he's wearing it I
know you know you can't be more than
safe I feel like I'm safer when he has a
helmet on
