it's funny cuz it centers Oh are you
ticklish answers your question not
something I ever wanted to do is touch
Thomas's armpit ah yes yes yes where are
you most likely to hit me in the face
down there or grin well then must be
right here this is freaked you out huh
this is gonna freak you out oh thanks
have you ever seen the X Games dude it
gets people's psyche just think about
the X Games
that easy outs already do are you trying
to no comply into the sky absolutely max
give me a flower I like it you can't see
it he's gonna believe you with that beer
this is my beer I perished in the leaves
and you didn't come and rescue me all
right video done yep I like shoot I
liked I liked sure like I like Pete like
go back flip thanks buddy Thomas trick
was better yeah what you suck hey yeah
you know but at least we got we were in
243 to over with and you guys were in
the same shirt of suck I suck I suck oh
my God my fro your throat my fruit all
that
we can do it okay he can do it I was
working at my job once I like forget
that 10 years ago things were different
he just dug a hard flip over you yeah
you are going through puberty bad I
can't open my I missed
