are you ready yeah go where what we're
going inside you were going I can't work
these things
all right we got Johnny okay all right
oh he ain't got nothing said long hair
walk away with oh yeah haha he's so full
oh he don't
right right date this guy's got some
life insurance annoyed does all right
this guy's got a chip in his show I
guess it's a front board I've got so
many Pokemon are you gonna back Smith
you go to back Smith he's going nuts NIT
well now you are god I heard he likes
cauliflower here's a friend here we go
what happened
Wow oh he sucks yep oh he's good hey
he's good enough I missed it yeah you
missed it he was really good
well I'm mediocre ly good yeah he's
second now he's mine now he's really
good that probably does not feel good I
thought is your truck whoo
tell me your email
just keep doing the like manual father
sorry you got it I'm sorry sorry you
gotta be kidding right at this point
you're messing with
Wow how a monster is not scary remember
that one time we were we were working
and then they were just like looking at
cellphone things so that rock right
there you have to climb it crack to get
to the top of that on top of it there's
an orange parking what warehouse
Wednesday no you think I'm so glad
you're missing don't know where else
we're all right
we're here we're here and audio was
happening say it's a job talk
it's a weird Mike looks like a tennis
ball go mm-hmm see him when he's about
to throw you gotta hit the winger I
almost did he threw he hit the door
right here that's a terrible aim his
late face uh-huh
neat yeah go
uh-huh for huh
another stock is gonna get crazy enough
don't even know that was though no you
don't know what song that was it's it's
die die die my darling attached to it I
actually did it unattached that's
amazing
you're like legit handcuffed right now
I'm legitimately handcuffed if I may be
crazy if I can just go like this I did
it good
yeah all right we got a grade-a liar
here because that is a truck that's a
truck you liar and this is a film I'm a
truck bring food and we have found a
beautiful dog whoo you're gonna get it
and then there's the sky and there's a
back of a head oh my gosh oh you did
now some people some people wonder what
skateboarding is like and then there it
is that's what it's like look at that
horse I'm a truck
go uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh
really dude stop sorry
