so sometimes in life you find yourself
skateboarding towards a tire and there's
a few ways you can go about handling
this you can skate around it like a
normal person get ollie over it you can
potentially even hit me jump through it
or you can just fly face-first towards
it no that was my teammate Doug does to
tell us and yes he ate that tire he had
a forked knife and just kind of had that
for dinner that day like a new level of
burnt rubber - the burnt part because
that doesn't actually make sense but
seriously he like made out with that
tire and I know it just kind of seems
like a funny fall but he actually got
pretty messed up from it not like
seriously injured but his leg was like a
like raw bacon okay except it wasn't
good nothing wrong Bacon's good but just
look at his like yeah you know when
something's immediately bloody and gross
like that like it's gonna be bad in the
days to come okay you're gonna wake up
you're like wow this is like worse than
the day before you do not want bacon
like okay I promise you won't just want
bacon and your leg the separate things
now funny fact is the point in fact is
is that he actually needed to recuperate
from this injury okay it's like he was
hurt and he did some time to take off to
heal it but he had to skate with her
vibe like shortly after that so I
remember skating with him and it was
just his leg was just like hey are you
still killing it because that's what
Doug does and if you don't believe me
here's some footage of him doing true
skateboard tricks on his skateboard go
figure
so there you go if Doug was an Iron
Maiden song he would be the trooper
because he is a trooper but and if you
want to see more from Doug I will put
his channel right down in the info you
need to check it out and you're gonna
like it you're gonna smile you're gonna
Brown you're gonna cry like that's it
toys need your emotion in great ways
this channel is great so I hope you guys
liked that video if you want to see more
of this I do a fall Friday every other
Friday so in two weeks you're gonna see
this thing again I of course do daily
videos here on YouTube so subscribe to
me if you want to see more of this and I
will see you tomorrow and then I'll see
you the next day and the next day but
I'm gonna go guys so I'm gonna keep it
normal I'm just a subscribe or die and
then walk away nothing we're just gonna
happen here later guys
haha okay wait wait wait
get back here haha alright see you later
guys see you later guys
she later guys Oh where's oh wow they
came off surprisingly easy and I'm like
surprisingly slobbery where did it all
come from that is gross
