Josh cats how's it going buddy good to
see you Oh today you have to build a
spot in the warehouse you can use
anything in the warehouse five tricks
besides me something we've never skated
before
fair enough and I'm gonna just point to
you what I need to tell you things in
this video
sounds good okay got sunglasses alright
so what are you thinking what I'm gonna
create I'm gonna set the box up so I can
ride the ramp oh I was genuinely worried
about my head wearing a helmet for your
helmets different oh that's a good idea
yeah this is what I'm talking about I'll
scale from one to ten are you excited
about this weight yes I am good answer
the nosy
Josh Katz is a perfectionist know that
if you ever see him land the trick that
looks perfect is probably not in his
head that was really mean that I'm still
concentrating I'm a big boy
you gonna get him back eventually yeah
that was perfect dude it's like you're
standing underneath the ladder
everything divorce is great
five tricks are up but he's gonna keep
going because Josh Katz is Josh Katz
no ramp anymore he's just doing it from
flat which this thing is like waist
height
execution style Thomas you get where you
get one free shot of Brian in space
there's a one you go Sam champion you've
it on there for the tennis ball I'll
stand right here you get two throws
because I got to go to you I'll give you
a man
Kasey's here in the bonus clips life is
good
