so I hit 300,000 subscribers and I'm
gonna celebrate and this guy's gonna
throw a pie off of the roof down to me
in the wind
hopefully it hits me all right so I got
my glasses in case it hits me in the
eyeballs you think you're gonna miss I
might I have a fear but hitting me in
the throat Andrew yeah you ready a shot
yeah I'm ready do it I think I got my
eyeball still though I have pie I put
three hundred thousand subscribers guys
like I cannot begin to tell you how
appreciative I am of that like I never
thought in a million years I'd have this
many people watching me online and
getting this many views and it's awesome
because I'm still like you know I'm not
thinking too hard about my videos I'm
just having fun with them and I feel
like that kind of keeps you making
videos for the right reason and you know
hope I had 400,000 subscribers if I do
I'm gonna do another stunt video like
this I do videos every single day so I'm
like I'm not giving up anytime soon
but like from Bob my heart thank you
guys it truly means the world and like I
said videos every day I'm not giving up
so expect many more but I'll be back
tomorrow with the normal swing of things
I just wanted to take a video just to
say thank you guys and you know let you
see me get caked in the face so have
some leftovers I was not for this the
citrus drop you did earlier I thought
you're gonna have you so much faster I
like started preparing right away I
don't even try to fight it I should have
ran away subscribe or die
what don't die yeah don't die please
but thank you guys for help me out with
this video Arvind Thomas the cameras
going to you
