youtube what's up guys good thing I the
hell I'm done talking I'm done but it's
been a little while since I've done an
update video and during that period I
have lived my life and what I've done
with my life has been pretty exciting
really it's a busy summer and I'm doing
things ok but ironically enough
skateboarding is not one of the things
that I'm doing if you saw a day in live
24 I hurt my Achilles tendon I actually
had a small tear in it I do believe i
talked to a professional they were like
you probably have a small deer packed
whenever a doctor gives you information
they always get this face like 1i goes
kind of like this like you even if it's
a girl it sounds good it's like you are
fine you do not have a bone cancer I
don't know they just say things and they
sound like that so they told me you
probably have a small tear and I was
like okay that's bad they're like just
stay off of it take care of it for like
you know 34 weeks that you should be
back in action and it's been about that
so I started messing around earlier
today and i did a kickflip i did my
first kickflip which is in my daily life
25 tomorrow but what I'm trying to say
is that it sucks being off my skateboard
and i'm just now cutting the tiptoe my
way back on it and i cannot wait to
freaking get back into the swing of
things because i need to be me and you
know what i look in the mirror I need to
see me if I saw somebody else would be
like what so my time off my skateboard
I've just been running the company
getting ready to launch the new wheel
company and I've stayed busy I've been a
busy dude okay you look at all the
frigerator you see magnets didn't have a
can-do what I'm talking about but it's
funny because I kind of feel like a
businessman you know like I just wake up
and I don't skateboard and I just do
work for my company or my channel or
whatnot and it's like what we wear okay
I have fun at least like I do have fun
at the same time it's like I guess
there's just a thing about skateboard
that makes you feel a little younger
yeah they say camera adds a few pounds
while skateboarding takes a few years
off and I recently went to California
for a weekend and I it was awesome
because we were filming promotional
stuff for the new wheel company and it
was an awesome time but again I couldn't
skate board so it's kind of it was kind
of sucked I was with like the coolest
crew ever okay I was with Aaron Cairo
Doug Deza tells Brian names came out
with me Christian Cody Cepeda black
ninja Jason park it was just an awesome
crew a burn is le like it just so many
I'm probably forgetting somebody I'm
sorry the people that I'm forgetting but
it was a no such a fun crew and so
motivating Lee and I still have that
motivation inside me I swear like I just
think about like all the stuff that i
saw in like heading just the passion and
talent and I
want to get on my skateboard and
practice and progress and it's it's
rough but you know it was awesome but
about those dudes that I was hanging out
with Christian and Cody Cepeda are may
they are gonna do great things in the
skateboarding or let's say the other
dudes aren't but I'm just saying like I
you know like those are the two dudes
that like I haven't like it got a lot of
time with skating wise like I skated
with Chris once before and then I just
met Kody and mark my words they will be
your favorite pros in a in a matter of
years now they deserve everything
they're getting and especially Kody was
the first time I ever skated with him
like Chris out i was prepared because
i've been following chris online and
whatnot and he's my dude but Cody I
wasn't really ready for cuz I just saw
the battle barracks and I was hanging
out with him and he just like the world
all the stuff he did just casually off
camera was so inspiring like I'm gonna
get get back on my board and harness my
inner Cepeda okay that should be a
hashtag on Instagram I'm gonna start
that started right here right now mark
mark your mark your words but no it was
a good time and I but no it was a good
time I can't wait to get back i'm
actually headed out i should be at the
end of july but i'm not actually out
there for skating it's for different
stuff then I'll be back in September for
sure on a big revived trip that will be
to san francisco in LA but what's
happening the revived world is that
revived is geared up to launch their
fall line and that'll be out in
august/september we have a new deck
coming out we have a new kind of life
line coming out we have a handful sure
and surprise that in the past but but
things are going well you know we're
working on we r MN season 5 still and we
are putting away clips for our second
full-length video which is due at the
end of next year now with the wheel
company everything is in production
right now shirts and wheels are being
made as we speak as you watch this
stickers actually came in so we finally
have the first product of new wheel
companies that's awesome i'm gearing up
to make some teaser stuff and i'll have
some teasers and then a trailer of the
actual company that's when you're gonna
find out the name who's riding for us
all that stuff so exciting times are
coming just hang in there you just gotta
get through july and things will start
happening i promise i'm still starting
to shoot for an august release in the
mid to late august so it's happening i'm
excited and you should be too I see that
look on your face and you're thinking
about movies right now and I don't blame
me because movies have been really good
this year but I feel like a lot of the
best movies were in the spring and early
summer and now there's just like a
couple things to look forward to Ninja
Turtles is happening next month and if
you see the new trailer who Taylor's a
little i mean i like it like I'm all my
friends are hating it and
it's so easy to hate things you notice
is like I want to be that dude that
doesn't like that okay i don't like that
i have this voice and I'm elegant and I
do not like things but if you seen the
new trailer their personalities are
there and that's what I've said before
that's the thing that I'm worried about
but megan fox like she ends the trailer
with a little bit of cheese and I'm not
you know just I just died that that did
it happens I see her and I'm just gonna
win about it so I don't know it's gonna
be kind of hard to get through the movie
if she's super cheesy but um like I said
open minded I don't hate it yet it's
different but I don't hate it their
faces the faces could be better i will
say that the noses are kind of creepy
like those could potentially nightmare
kids they will nightmare them we're not
messing around here I'm going to Chicago
that's true I'm doing it so this weekend
basically tomorrow because this is
Friday and we leave while you're
watching this I'm gonna leave it like
seven in the morning and I'm gonna skate
a couple parks in Chicago and then on
Sunday I'm gonna skate some streets and
I'm gonna come back here at Cincinnati
so it's just a quick trip but I have two
goals from out there ok I want to eat a
portillos hot dog because this is the
best hot dog to the world not typically
a hot dog dude but if you've had
portillos you're like yes I will have
that right now I'll have to and I want
to try to do one trick we're actually
filming we are avenged 46 while we're
out there at least some of it and then
I'm gonna try to get one trick in there
okay so I'm not gonna I'm really not
trying to push my injury but it'll be
nice to have something in there because
I don't have any tricks in we're at veg
45 which will come out in a couple weeks
or two or three weeks pass what I'm
gonna wrap up this video guys sorry this
is a little rushed I have josh katz I
just picked him up at the airport and
then Sam Tabor they're filling videos
I'm kind of just not in my element I'm
usually sitting the warehouse alone and
creeped out because a ghosts are flying
around so this is weird I'm sorry next
time will be a normal update video where
I just pretty much act like an idiot in
a different way but videos to come we
have a dana live 25 coming out tomorrow
I have a revived randomness coming out
next weekend i do believe and then i
don't know i'm not thinking that far
ahead but i was ready to film a prank
video and now that my foot injury kind
of like held me back but i'm good to go
on that like I can go out and do it so
hopefully within the next week or two
I'll do that and i think i can get it
done in one session so it shouldn't be
like a long thing so if i get out and
film it it'll happen so watch out i
definitely have that on my list of high
priorities but thank you guys for
watching hope you dug its
I'll be back tomorrow because I do daily
videos I mean I'm back next day spoiler
alert I'll be back many days so hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
for me and that's it so subscribe or oh
you have nightmares about this
hi Doug this video what's wrong said I
don't even know what I say but
ironically enough but I was gonna make
fun of myself you didn't need to laugh
before and that has sucked but you know
it's just like it was just like what did
you see here I'm shy get so frustrated
that I can to make fun of myself okay
well I use that it was whack me right in
the face water what is this happening
