YouTube what's up guys so today I have a
little bonus video for you I usually
don't do videos on Thursdays but today
I'm gonna go I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm a
domina I'm gonna show you guys a little
sneak peek of my podcast that if you dig
what we talk about in this little
preview the link to listen to the actual
podcast and subscribe to the podcast in
general it's all right down there so
check it out we talked about stranger
things at least in the first half of the
this new season we talked about Thor
video games a lot of fun stuff anything
nerdy we go over on the podcast so enjoy
it it's with Ryan chambers I do with him
so he'll strike back podcast I'm done
talking enjoy welcome back to strike
back everyone the visual Edition this
week yeah well if you're hearing this
it's not a visual but you can go online
to my youtube channel and see a little
preview of this will do about 10 minutes
yeah I'm Ryan chambers excuse me with
who me today again is the guest
yep the guest of the week that'd be kind
of cool if my name was the guest the
guest was confused everyone that didn't
understand when I was in middle school I
remember there was this kid like he was
from Hiller running back from another
school his name was mr. Simpson his Nate
what a kid was named mr. his first name
was mr. that's a bad decision yeah
neighbor kid MIT or it's genius and
somehow he knew about even seventh grade
brought mr. Simpson he was good my name
is Andy schrock not mr. yeah we have a
lot of talked about today it has been an
awesome awesome awesome two weeks in pop
culture but one week I'm sorry amazing
but my life has not coincide with that
at all I have you know a too much to do
and it's been frustrating because mm-hmm
so many great things came out this last
week yeah just a week ago today
Mario Odyssey and stranger things season
two dropped drop on the same exact day
yes we're gonna get to both of those
let's do you want to do Odyssey first we
can go that is he yeah Mario Odyssey
which we I know we we match up exactly
on this at the first the one complaint
about the game I would say it's too
short I haven't you beat it yeah oh wow
okay only 15 minutes Casey and Brian
both beat it but the second I saw those
rabbit enemies I was like this isn't
real the oh the brutal yes bad guys I
was like what oh yes doesn't look cool
at all like yeah I don't get it like in
a war
where you have the Koopa Kids it was Roy
Koopa Morton Koopa Wendy Cooper like why
not use those and they're going to a
wedding so it's like instead you use
these stupid rabbit things
what's with the they subtitle bow did
they like have like Japanese Bowser and
stuff what's like like voice actor yeah
well remember in Mario Sunshine they did
voice acting and it was horrendous only
bad people people wouldn't like it they
just gave them
Mario you know who it was say names it
was yeah it was really bad you go back
in place on Shawn you like this is dated
and like no wonder they took a break
from then oh I mean I didn't mind it it
was bad but other than that 15 20
minutes I've played it have been
fantastic
oh it's so much fun um it's beautiful it
is gorgeous like it looks so beautiful
ii like i was able to go to 8-bit Mario
in the game it was like my heart yeah I
had some strings and Mario's playing
them it's awesome
have you gotten any costumes yet alright
yeah the Frog because that skipped the
t-rex I was like it looks like the t-rex
is in this level yeah but then I just
went to the next one and I asked KC and
he was like oh yeah the t-rex is just
like if I would have taken a left
instead of a right yeah I did the same
thing I went back and did it yeah it's
are there is there like a mission like
just power moons that you can get only
with the t-rex yeah like he has to use
like this bike speed burst and like
burst through walls so yeah okay make
sense so he's essentially a Chain Chomp
with legs kinda yeah and so yeah it's
the instead of stars like in Martin
regular games you're going for power
moons and then unlocks things and yeah
um I'm like Mario 64 remember there were
seven stars per level yeah it's like on
steroids this game like the one level I
think there's like 75 moons
yeah I see I kind of I kind of like the
idea of stars but like seven per level
yeah I then it takes away if there's
like a hundred that like takes away the
value of getting one you're like way
less psyched he's me got a star and
Marcie's before you oh yeah I got a star
yeah you worked for now and like I like
that structure but yeah but I'm not you
know I'm sure all of Odyssey just the
same yeah the ending I'm not gonna spoil
anything but the ending is so good look
and there's plenty plenty to do after
that's what other thing to the game I
don't know if I like that in video games
like because with
a video I like like a beginning and an
end and then when you get done with the
game you're like oh here's like double
the amount of game afterwards just like
I don't know I mean I feel like when I
was younger I probably would have been
psyched up yeah I mean there's you think
about Mario World
you could streamline that game and beat
it in literally 20 min right if you
wanted to it's always been that way but
yeah I love beating a game and then just
like closing it and saying I'm done
oh really I don't mind going back with
this cuz when I was playing it I was
like there's a thing over there can't
get it yet I'll come back to it later
right yeah
it'll be fun I did that with galaxies
like I played it I beat it then I have a
hundred percent of it which is the only
Mario that I've ever done that was
really yeah I did it with 64 back in the
day I don't think I ever did never done
it I was like two stars away I want to
go back and do it because are we good
yeah that's difficult Yoshi on the roof
yeah and look and the quadruple jump he
how's that really yep that's cool yeah
if you're on the fence about buying this
game buy it yeah I did
it's really really if you have a switch
you should just know that you should buy
it yeah but I mean if you have a switch
get Zelda get Mario Kart get this you
are perfect what a year for an it for
Nintendo what a turnaround for Nintendo
could we talked about it before like the
the Wii U those were some dark times how
old five years of not I was happy not
that good but if I had more time my owns
I'd have been bummed yeah yeah I still
have sealed copy of uh Wind Waker I've
never played with you and I just have
sealed copy for Wii U I'll play it one
day no Casey listen to this I'm sure you
know I'm sure I've been playing Zelda
games with Casey was literally in
diapers Casey yeah Casey can whine and
complain yeah probably not I mean he's
not gonna wanna button now not here at
least um but I mean I'm into AD when
you're talk about the 8-bit Mario you
need different outfits it translates
they made like an 8-bit sprite for like
the specific outfit he's wearing oh
really yeah that's cool because I know
one time you wear like a sombrero and a
poncho
yeah and they you go in the 8-bit
section and he's wearing an 8-bit
sombrero and poncho oh those little
touches it's like that's nothing Tendo I
just go above and beyond
yeah so cool super good game really move
on maybe we'll talk about that more now
yeah especially when I've played the
whole game alright more to go
yeah because I really want to talk about
after you beat the game there's like the
coolest part that I've come across so
far is after okay final well I'm
intrigued I'm gonna play it a lot this
weekend you can beat it quick to them if
you just do the bare minimum I need that
you can blow through it really quick but
I did it in a week like taking my time
yeah so you can do it probably three
days honestly well yes I'm finished with
strange things now so I'll be able to
like stoked late at night yeah it was
good speaking of let's move on to
stranger thing oh my gosh I am on I'd
finished chapter 4 the other night wow
you're going slow are you afraid
I saw a spoiler online which ended up
not being true but I was like yeah I was
at the point where if I just like
literally Sam Taber carved shadow
monster pumpkin anything I didn't even
like looking at things I said strange
things so like if
Instagram story would come up and it was
like about to watch stranger things I
would just get out of it because I did
not want I don't want to hear about it I
don't want to see it I would just I just
wanted to watch the show
and I couldn't because what we talked
about it's pretty astounding how quickly
people started posting crap online about
this you know
okay thankfully but I heard like I saw
on Twitter likes a guy I follow this
podcast he does he's like it's been 24
hours and stranger things have been out
and spoilers are out there it's like put
a lid on it so I'm sure like it's just
it's so easy to not say anything or just
make it vague like I can't believe that
just happened and stranger things like
people are gonna get what you're talking
about I saw it I successfully did not
get anything spoiled for me yeah but I
like it's it's crazy that you aren't
farther along than you are and I'm sorry
I hope nothing at this point I don't
think anything will get split for you
yeah I think I'm in the clear but we're
like two days after it people were like
yeah tweeting like it was so good at
this point or I didn't see anything bad
about it sure but I didn't want to hear
that yeah I mean I you don't know I mean
I got sons of anarchy spoiled two years
after it concluded yeah that's what
drove me on Facebook you know Dumbledore
get here by Snape yes sorry everyone
knows that the worst spoiler ever heard
I've never thankfully I never had
anything spoiled before you know I know
at all yeah no I think the only thing
almost like yeah I've had things spoil
but I don't know I can't remember him
right now I've had something crazy
spoiled oh my god yeah walking dead
as far as the comics go yeah yeah - the
biggest thing for me was oh I Dexter
yeah Dexter a big character that got
ruined for me on that and like I said in
season 4
yes oh that's a big one
yeah only one I would care but yeah yeah
a big one like yeah a character you
really like in Sons of Anarchy
what's a bummer yeah it was like someone
liked a post and I came up with my
Facebook feed I'm just like yeah well
with with uh was it house of cards or so
I don't watch that show
yeah but Brian does like he got it
spoiled like oh yeah that was a big one
- yeah and I was like and he like it's
like a friend of his he was like I'm
going to unfollow you this is not cool
like yeah I don't have any sympathy for
people that swear things no it's just
you're just I mean like I get it like
kids want to be mean and get attention
or make causes Carl's a stir up like
that like at least I understand but
especially adults like if you do lame
yeah if we do it on purpose lame yeah
and I mean if you're young and you do it
still lame I just like yeah I probably
do stupid things I was a kid oh sure
I definitely done whatever but stranger
things yeah just like some notes about
each chapter at least when we're gonna
go through the first four episodes yeah
I'm only up to Episode four
let's do and mainly because the the
world series happened this week so I was
watching her that was I don't watch if I
heard it was like the best World Series
ever game I went to Game seven which is
like one of my favorite things in sports
and it was so boring
Astros I wanted them to win that did win
so cool they score all the runs in the
first two innings that was it Oh bummer
now the game five was the best baseball
game I've ever seen to them except for
it yeah there we go yep
so let's talk about the first opening
scene were the new group okay one I
thought that opening scene it doesn't
happen in like Pittsburgh or something
oh yeah yeah okay I couldn't yeah I was
in the van the changeability issue that
I think but what I'll talk about that
cuz he connects to like later on yeah I
forgot about that
um so my my thing is it clearly uh her
name is Kali and she
is number eight right and she by the way
like we're talking about the first half
of the season so if you if you haven't
started watching it I wouldn't pay
attention to this if you're one of the
three people on earth and has yeah but
we're not gonna get into the end of the
season until the next week so once you
change things we're not gonna spoil
anything that actually happens at the
end mm-hmm so you're probably good but
if you don't hear anything
don't listen and then we're gonna talk
about Thor's price you didn't well
either way this might have some spoilers
but Thor will have spoilers yeah
so so this scene number eight she has
the ability to put thoughts into
people's heads yes
she makes the the bridge fall it didn't
fall he makes the the cop think that it
fell in the cops cars crash and I'm just
like yeah I'm thinking I'm like why
didn't she just make them think that
they turned right when they run straight
if you had that power like why didn't
they just turn into giraffes and fly
away all that be so amazing that is true
yeah that's a good point it's kind of I
didn't think about that my episode 3 of
Star Wars when obi-wan gets in and like
he could press a button to close the
door but he uses the force yeah easier
to just hit a button yeah or like an
episode to where he like he gets a pair
and slices it yeah is clearly more
dramatic yeah it's it's a fun I get it
yeah but that to me like I actually
thought about it after I'd seen the
scene you know like wait what if she can
make that happen
that's a cool power though very cool
power yeah I would see dinosaurs all the
time yeah just make down it and be like
permanent
what's a our reality yeah be great our
case well I'm gonna pause right now if
you guys want to hear us on the video
side of things to talk about the rest
this podcast you can download it and
I'll put the links in the info I'll just
talk about it the video door but yep and
that is the sneak peek just as we were
really getting into it about stranger
things and then we talked about Thor if
you guys want to keep listening this
like I said the links are right down
there I have a new video tomorrow it's
skateboarding and then I have some
awesome videos this weekend so hit the
subscribe button if you're already not
and I will see you very soon
that's it guys you have a great day
goodbye right Bryan where's there is
right Bryan right right
you - what's up - Jacqueline
