all right I have a confession to make I
have it regret in life okay try to live
without regrets not me okay I'm living
with one right now that hubba is perfect
Yeah right the only front blonde in the
front knows nollie front nose and
everything dawn I've been to that hubba
and I did not skate it I have no idea
why because it looks so good in fact
that video just had tons of spots that
makes me want to go skate I watched that
video I was like well I want to go
skateboard but I can't go skateboard so
I walked out here in the wilderness and
talked about it instead this footage is
from my buddy Mason Miller he captured
it and yeah these guys are shredding
crushing the streets and some really
awesome looking spots and it's just a
good good well-rounded piece of skate
footage so hope you guys dug that but if
you want to see more footage like that
from Mason the screens gonna change here
in a moment you're gonna click the
bottom link okay and it's gonna take you
to his page and you're gonna feel like
Robocop which I literally had no plan on
saying that before now do you want to
see more stuff for me I do daily videos
like this here are my page to the top
leg will be me but mainly and check out
Mason click it go over to his channel
and watch awesome footage of hubbas okay
and you're gonna want to skate it I mean
every dude in his life has a hub other
got away okay that was that's the hub of
they got away from me Chiba didn't get
away because I'm gonna skate it not now
but I will one day like the guy that's
hitting that talks and then music starts
