after you guys have fully mastered all
of the basics of skateboarding as given
in skateboarding made simple vol.1
you're ready to get into the
intermediate flat ground flip tricks
in this series we're going to be
combining some of the previous tricks
from skateboarding made simple vol.1 the
basics of skateboarding into some more
advanced intermediate style tricks for
example you can combine the kickflip
with the pop shuvit and create a varial
kickflip in order to make this the most
detailed tutorial for the intermediate
tricks possible within every single
trick we're going to cover the tricks
you need to know before getting into it
so for the borough heel flip I recommend
you guys have the frontside shove-it and
the Gil for what your foot position is
for the foot position on the frontside
flip your front foot is right there just
down from those front bolts we're going
to explain the flip and catch of the
trick flipping the hard flip is
definitely the most difficult part so
you have to frontside shove pop it flick
your front foot out get your front foot
super far out of the way and then get it
to rotate around we're going to explain
all of the practice steps necessary to
learning this trick what you want to do
is you want to step off with one foot
and also try to form the frontside
shove-it and the heel flip the varial
heelflip and this is important because
for this trick it's really hard to get
the timing sometimes we're going to
explain things that go wrong the things
that can go wrong with the varial
kickflip are you can pop it flick it to
hard which is going to cause the board
to over rotate or you cannot flick it
hard enough which will cause the board
to under rotate and then we're going to
go over putting all of the steps
together in order to fully land and do
the trick perfectly for this video one
of the best flat ground skaters I know
Christopher Chan is going to be helping
us out with doing every single one of
the tricks so we have a perfect
representation of it and he's also going
to be personally explaining in thorough
detail how some of the tricks are done
so that's your skateboarding made simple
volume 5 intermediate flat ground tricks
let's get started
