oh boy chin chin he okay yeah that kind
of hurt have a hat okay hey hey your
booty please don't read that
all right so many layers of not good
that was oh you did it the impossible
you sacked on a Ledge that go of your
butt oh gosh seem pretty excited if it
did oh my gosh
always mics
I was so scared I was optically this
fellow I could've been better I'm gonna
take a nap
who talks too much on the internet and
like stupid slams that's right a lot of
people okay but more and I'm one of them
is what I'm trying to say I've said it
before and I'll say it again okay stupid
skate slams are like the filet mignon of
the skateboarding world the freakin bag
of Sour Patch Kids those pin games you
play a Cracker Barrel that you try to
get one leave one left they're awesome
okay you see your friend fall and you
know they're not hurt because they're
doing some freaking Will Smith getting
jiggy with a dance while they're doing a
grind and they fall on their butt and
it's awkward like no girl would want to
make out what that dude after the she
sees that slam and that's been me too
many times but I love doing it because
what happens I'm like thank you that was
on tape but nobody laughs pow did the
girls like wait this guy's funny I'm
gonna make out with him right now
so forewarning guys when you fall and it
looks stupid you laugh about it you
might get made outward but seriously
stupid slams are just something everyone
can laugh at and it's enjoyable and
you're not afraid to get back up into
your trick it's a lot better than
grinding your teeth on the ground and
it's down a ten stair and I do these
videos once a while you probably
recognize some of these Falls what I do
is save them up then put them into a
montage and I actually have to for the
next montage so I'm gonna do another one
be on the lookout for that I do think
there are some unseen slams in here so
either way I hope you guys were
entertained by it but that's it I am
going to call it quits and I'll put a
link to the last stupid skate slam
montage at the end of this so thank you
guys for watching I do daily videos here
on YouTube so tune in tomorrow for
another one and how am I going to end
this brownie I suppose like I do not
involving violence on me how about this
this is a very dramatic shot oh do you
make me look at that YouTube stretch the
wrist on now the mics going come on
