ah now you must take a second to but
just did to take a coffee pretty sure I
just want award for a really stupid
skateboard fall right there that was
dead I am an idiot I'll just say it okay
you'd read in the title and you're
hearing right now I'm an idiot first off
I was doing a kind of goofy trick and
goofy tricks are fun and entertaining
but when you do it over over dinner you
don't landing it starts to look kind of
weird like other people the skate park
like why is that guy trying that hard on
that trick cuz it's kind of dumb Touche
okay I'll give you that all right to
shame three shay well ready but then
when you go and like that like that
was like just straight but to ground ok
I look doubled um ok if I was a value
meal McDonald's I would be a combo wait
what that's the same thing i would be
I'd be a value meal at McDonald's is
what I'm trying to say ok my face would
be on the so don't you be like gettin
buying this cuz and who looks dumb Annie
fell dumb he's just a bag of dumb we
what does my desk doin oh yeah all of
that combined is one stupid fall and I
kind of knew it had to be a fall Friday
like the velocity of my butt's hitting
the ground immediately told me like this
would be entertaining as a fall fright
dome you just throw something at me my
shoulder out dude ball friday maybe so i
hope you guys enjoyed it funny story
about this is actually that my feet were
kind of broken that day like I was
literally recovering from like a broken
toe ish and then I had my Achilles
tendon thing going on before I severely
heard it but it was still a cripple like
it was not comfortable to walk that day
at all don't gosh sorry Brian was just
throwing boxes but yeah it wasn't that
comfortable be on my board that's why I
kept like almost landing it like it just
was not did wasn't it wasn't a good time
other than the fact that I enjoy doing
that trick my feet did not like but
nonetheless i prevailed and I landed the
trick anyway as most of these fall
Friday's go you're not
prize and you probably saw this it was
in we are avenged 44 wow so hope you
enjoyed that I am going to try to do my
best to do a harder fall Friday get a
more crazier slam so I be able to look
at if all Friday starts with a warning
you know it's gonna be a bad slam so
I'll talk to my people and see if I can
get one of those but it'll be a happy
story okay it'll be like a he but he's
okay alright enzyme beating deaths on
fall friday hope you guys like this
video I'll do another fall friday in two
weeks and I dude videos every day so
subscribe if you already haven't and uh
I'm gonna go Brian do you want now do
you wanna throw a box at me okay your
goal is to try to hit me in the face i'm
going to deflect it all right why are
you over there why are you doing one of
those you're not really gonna do that
how did you not hit youtube that
actually hurt you like hit me at the
corner right here it didn't hurt but
subscribe or dad guys
tell YouTube you're not hurt I'm not
hurt YouTube
