you know it doesn't get old is 100 sent
Pierce Kaepernick a what you just
watched just solid raw skate footage
anta and what you just saw was no
different because it was really good
stuff my personal favorite was the Cape
up front porch of I don't know why I
just have a close spot in my heart for
that trick I see it I'm like I like that
now I've only done the four times in my
life but I like that but this one is
from Mason Miller he skates any films
and he has a YouTube channel where
uploads a lot of awesome content and you
need to get on it you probably see it a
lot of his stuff on my channel recently
and by now you're probably I like this
so if you're not subdue him the screen
is gonna flash and the bottom link will
be his channel so go check it out the
top link will be mine I do daily videos
like this here in my channel but mainly
check out Mason and get on the good
stuff and it's really hot I'm going to
I'm done talking I'm gonna keep this
short so that you guys for watching
check out Mason remember the one time I
ran in this oh now you did guys come on
take it learn from my mistakes
you
you
