warehouse Wednesday you gotta do a
straight hammer video Daleks big let's
catch them you didn't catch it that's
not the catch but that's the point you
got it there's a you gotta be ready for
catches in life straight hammers you
have to you have to give a challenge
into you can work your way up to that
trick but it's gonna be a trick that's
gonna make people just shout on a
mountain tops not easy to move around in
there and that's the catch let's go look
at it so Brian's a photographer and he
has a whole like studio set up in here
right now so we're gonna have to make a
pathway and you have to do it along that
wall are you up for the challenge it's
not too bad right it's not too bad your
challenge is your cake book 50/50
footplant impossible thing off okay
alright do you want me to like land it
no yeah I do I want you to land it
alright yeah okay here's my question you
want me to like or do you want me to
just like straight foot plan whatever
works I'm not a picky guy dude back to
alright yeah look at what you're dealing
with
you got an ironing board right here then
you got all this row up grind it up
you guys just relaxing while this goes
down yeah you know if you had space here
would be easier if Brian wasn't a
successful photographer this wouldn't be
an issue
Brian you suck because you're good well
I was playing perfect plain as a
freaking pilgrim a Little House on the
Prairie that wasn't that good I was good
high five - oh you're right
Austin Gillette for saying he shined
your shoes like one at the airport oh
you actually did see Austin Gillette
like last weekend alright that makes
sense
oh that should blue like a freaking
whale oh that was it you sponsorship
takus five it huhgak five inch hugging
your wetted your very sweated I'm done
riff-raff Street rats I do
