alright guys it's it's that is one of
those videos where I just have a bone to
pick okay and there's some pickings that
are gonna happen to a certain bone you
know those signs that certain businesses
have that say smile you're on camera ha
ha that one what are you trying to say
by that seriously I mean I get I get the
basic idea that they're trying to keep
away thieves and fever E's and robbers
and Rob's guys named Rob screw those
students bless your name's Rob I'm sorry
but seriously those signs are kind of
rude I mean they're do they're sarcastic
it's like hey smile because I'm filming
you in case you steal something that's
just a thing they're not saying it just
Rob's okay they're saying it to
everybody else that's not named Rob it's
kind of just offensive like I see that
sign it's like really I'm gonna do to
support in your business you don't trust
me people that are potentially gonna
steal something are a very small
percentage okay so you're putting a sign
blatantly possibly offending or putting
people on their edge all of your
customers like ninety-nine point eight
percent of people that you're not gonna
steal anything are reading that it's
time to be like oh cool all right
I thought we were cool no we're not
uh-oh you don't trust me I don't trust
you and when you think about it do you
think of a thief is really gonna see
that sign and be like oh you know what
never mind they asked me not to steal
I'm not gonna do it anymore no I'm not a
thief but if I was I would just be like
okay I'm gonna put a hand on sunglasses
boom problem solved or one of those
creepy mask so you get the Halloween
store that make your face look like
another face boom see I'm wearing this
and you can fill me all you want cuz I
look like Richard Nixon with glue on his
face I'm just saying if you really want
to steal something from a store like
there's someone's gonna figure out how
to do it then I gotta see that sign be
like Oh screw this I'm not stealing
yogurt from this place if it's about the
trivial things I get stopping 12-year
olds from stealing like candy bars it's
like are you really gonna spend like
hundreds of dollars on the surveillance
system to save the 80 cents that that
kid took us I'm sure it stops some like
petty crimes here and there but the
grand scheme of things like it all it
really does is say to all of your
customers they say hey guys I don't
really value who you guys are I don't
trust you give me your money don't steal
anything get out personally I think
that's not how you should run a business
okay that's my two cents I don't get a
four cent so you I'll give you all the
cents I have for this one I want to walk
into a business and be like hey these
dudes like that I'm here yeah I want to
walk into me like I want to feel like
I'm welcome there you know the cheers
song like everyone knows your name or
whatever that's how it should be I'm not
trying to get too serious on you but I'm
just saying this I have a new plan okay
I'm not a thief so I'm not gonna start
stealing but every time I see those
signs and they have a take a penny leave
a penny thing I'm taking a penny because
you told me I could and you could film
it we could film me get a good angle and
I'm not gonna leave one okay just put
that on your conscience business that
doesn't trust me
now but I've always thought those signs
are kind of funny because I don't think
they're gonna stop anything and they are
kind of rude they literally tell you
they don't they don't trust you so hope
you guys got a kick out of this video
and me complain about it and you're
passionate about those signs by all
means keep living your life in fullest
support of those signs but ironically
enough this sign is here right now
rooftop units are monitored to Central
Station I have no clue what that means
okay so if they're trying to keep away
thievery burglars like maybe ninjas go
up there and try to steal stuff I don't
know I'd really don't know I'm just
gonna go you in this one Central Station
I mean seriously ha see I'm wearing this
and I can feed freely because
