what's up guys I'm in skate camp at
ollies skate park and we're gonna do
some skateboarding anybody one do an
onslaught of 180s let's do that oh it's
hot in here this is the greatest thing
in the world to stand by oh I and the
goat back 180 off of what this right
here are you going to do it with a dr.
pepper in your hand just because again
if you don't do that I belief I'd that
mean that'll be messy and he's really
doing it was a dr. pepper in his hand
yeah are there
thanks
was it oh wait down house good you'll
see it that's how you do it pizza and
skating 150 its dude i was first go i
can fly i believe i can touch the sky
that is what you do
what is up YouTube guys sorry I'm in a
hotel right now I'm in California but
yeah so totally skate camp is happening
and I did it last Tuesday and Thursday
and then this next week is still
happening at Ali's skate park or
Northern Kentucky and it's happening all
week but I'm going to be there this
tuesday and thursday from about 9 30
until like 11 30 or 12 each day so it's
been a blast it's awesome hanging out
with everyone there and talk to and and
getting to watch everyone skate and
whatnot but if you want to get in on
this go to ollies skate park the website
will be right down the info but yes show
up one of the days you get the whole
park to yourself and everyone else
that's in the camp so it's not that
crowded and it's an awesome time so I
expect more footage from the skate camp
and then hopefully I'll see you more of
you people there ok that's it our names
catch my camera you're gonna have to
catch this
you
