Brian Brian break his heart break his
heart warehouse Wednesday was so wide it
wasn't a bad thing don't I told you what
he is pretty sad about it there because
it's Vestals time
we're in this fast okay warm up learn
tricks recently three done a few tricks
okay one you did for JP this is a game
show that you don't get to choose what
you're doing okay you got to do the
three tricks warm up then mr. challenge
mystery time don't know what's gonna
happen because it's a mystery
then you're gonna do is a three or five
five five maybe five long lengthy
Ollie's yeah we're gonna let you know
where those are I hope you brought your
wings brah cause you're gonna need to
coast have you do it you get a free snow
skate a free snowscape which is obvious
a good prize true and it's crappy it's
about to snow at any second any of you
don't do it we just had a forklift drop
off a bunch of skateboards and he ran
through that puddle right there and if
you don't do it you put your face in the
puddle look at this polo looks crappy it
is muddy net bottom of it why is my hand
orange I'm upset
it looks so terrible here Casey five
minutes to these Ollie's oh yes five
minutes five minutes five minutes not
enough that's not a lot at all before we
even started filming this warehouse
Wednesday him and beanie had a
conversation they were like walk down
there look to the puddle they actually
said like imagine putting your face in
there like you won't have to imagine I
don't want to imagine why is my hand
orange we're gonna need this your first
trick is a nollie shove-it front board
on that rail nollie she'll adjust it I
will learn it yesterday
yeah watch just like that it's really
easy to get into front feeble an
accident so you should totally learn
that someday too
you literally almost did it first try to
go to fake your rags regular but I mean
I would like to see it to kind of cool I
mean I'll let you know
Kacie doubted you and his rights right
yeah he was right
I don't care do you want to clean it up
yeah all right okay more talking yes yes
it's flows doesn't it Atmos I personally
all right next trick I have learned
shove it back tails recently so get to
the small box on the back friend so yeah
front shelf back tail put your through
your front foot like higher on the board
than you think okay it just goes right
in
would you gave in that to him yes
that wasn't that bad know how awful it
was happening it was awful and then just
did it you did good
I've never does right here so it didn't
count what they kind of just learned
bigs been front boards like I did what
was it like a month ago when I did in
the line were you here yeah big VF big
spin front board you gotta go to pick
either you have to go to fakie or snow
I'll just show you I'll do it on this
little rail yeah I'm gonna get a single
dude
I got a sick angle straight up dude
well he did it yes we may just get the
tiniest example so the mystery challenge
do you want to know what it is yeah it
got to do with you go walk my dog no no
you have to pantomime jobs okay like
like career of professions whatever you
want and he has to guess that you have
to do three of them to move on okay okay
do you not pinch my means is that like a
coffee with you yeah use words
yeah you like you just act it up yes you
have to like it's kinda like charades
with your body and here's to guess the
career for profession or job or whatever
alright so for instance and you can't
use this okay he's going like this like
you're a driver you know have driver
whatever as a career
okay ready first one
no that doesn't count you kid
skateboarding get over here a body only
you can't use props okay yeah why me
that's everybody okay that was terrible
okay he did pretty good though he did
specific people a warehouse worker no
one here nothing to do with us three
three oh I got two down oh my gosh we're
doing a revisit on that that was lame I
wanted you to like this running race or
lake house awesome
I don't like a crossing guard you know
that's great god channel their inner
awesomeness you didn't even look that
dumb that was the whole point
it's great alright length time okay
could you go in there and get some a
measuring tape friend let's just let's
just start out with the stairs okay well
he's you know Holly from here so there's
not a lot of roll up so we can go easy
on them a little bit let's do nine and a
half feet okay so the top of the stairs
nine half feet in between set up Kyle
pause okay it's a pretty big ollie is
this big missile it's wrong for the
run-up yeah oh wow
when you start rolling he'll hit it
he almost landed on me I couldn't Indy
grab before don't please did well he'd
die if he did that but
it took in 21 seconds yeah all right hey
hey still over our next one is gonna be
off the ramp and out how far do you want
this rape doesn't actually throw you
that much uh make it deep feet you want
eight feet is that part we think it's
unfair we'll reevaluate but I think
eight speeds yeah I don't know how we're
he's using a speed he literally said
there's no way he always did it for
almost did it first time there's no
words I like try to pause them at air
you pushed up the register
he dinged it I'm gonna get an instant
replay all right you totally dinged it
Brian I'm sorry Cody you dinged it I'm
only holding it and can feel it you were
right
you're right I was right what's the time
man I don't know are you put in your
pocket three minutes and forty seconds
three minutes and forty seconds left to
do three more
I've only done two are you exhausted yet
yeah I'm gonna go easy on you we're
gonna let you use a long trip for this
next don't go like 12 feet more than
that boy this is gonna be a long one the
last two are flat ground was going to be
tough dude and the board is 10 feet he
wants to push it back to the 12 yeah
okay fine we'll take cases advise that
is 11 feet
he almost killed make sure done 12 he's
like olling to you every time tryna he
said oh you want to put it back 12 yes
we set 11 we're into 11th I should move
the ramp like for feedback pausing and
took him
21 seconds he literally cleared by like
3 feet you didn't Holly 12 good snap dog
was just a dog
you know pretty student cellphones gonna
be cool like oh you see cellphones
gosh that's so 2017 to have a cell phone
I just yell at my friends right yeah but
you do we should do something terrifying
flat over flat bar to flat bar what
sideways yeah I'm sorry this is gonna be
scary you seven feet and seven foot that
do it hey hey he's gonna make it eight
we learned our lesson that's gonna be so
scary
that is scary or you were fine though
tunas
oh my gosh which doesn't count
doesn't count he Wally did how did you
clear it fairly clear that one too
what's terrifying this didn't count that
didn't know
is is hard to watch
he's got a minute 28 left through the
last one well that is just flat ground
I trust your beer right if you do I
touched your beer Oh your breath away
that's Gary yeah well the next one is
not scariest we dip it go along it's
just straight up flat ground starting at
this line let's get the rails out of the
way when you give to Olive 30 feet 12
feet I feel like that shouldn't be hard
for me all right we'll do 12 12 feet
flat ground alley all right we put some
tape down 12 foot flat ground Ollie it's
pretty far from right here and it's
super far dude you didn't love it off
the kicker yeah well we got that mean
you're earning a pretty cool reward if
you don't do this you put your face in
that puddle I'm not doing you have to
it's got it he's got it minutes one it
shall be done 13 that was pretty crazy
I was just sitting there waiting I just
kept sliding on my bus it is eternally
bud sledge jeez jeez jeez jeez
he didn't hip hit oh you sneaky guy
that's why we have that angle
you look skeptical let's see the slow-mo
you
his tail hit like at the tape I do I'm
still swing of the tape yes okay get the
tape on the tape it's on the line I'm
saying yes I'm saying I popped like like
right on the beginning of the tape oh so
are you on your side or beanie sighs
okay he's arguing I'm saying you do all
right
well good job then hey let's go over
this red course these things are
expensive this is a good prize the
winter Dexter in here so we got to be
careful filming we do yes oh my gosh
we're releasing a red lifeline that's
actually the oldest dick we do what day
venture he's the dude and come true this
one's over yeah look at it look at it
flip it around you're gonna have fun
with this congratulations thanks man
this guy has his own YouTube channel
that he's been uploading to so I'm gonna
put it right there in the info and it's
floating above his head right now you
need to check it out he's one of the
most talented scape words I've ever met
in my life he gets better every single
time I see him appreciate it I preached
pretty spry priests you and then I do
videos here all the time so hit the
subscribe button right below the video
if you want to see more for me it's easy
just click it and your son to see more
but yeah we actually have snow skates on
our online shop which is down there too
but new decks we will unveil this very
soon hang in there guys thank you guys
for watching get out there and
skateboard if you can if you can't go
find an indoor skate park if you cannot
have if you don't have one of those go
to your basement you couldn't or your
garage you can do something you can
figure it out
you skated a flap on a garage mm-hmm
it's not fun I do that like every winter
you still do it it's not that fun but
it's like something it's skating it with
the state right also by box
why did you do that you poked a hole
you
