I was coming to film you and you do a
perfect first trial I'm hobbling up to
the box this is a classic just just a
plain old box session and hopefully
Justin does that trick again first was
better but I'm so glad I captured it
closer it's my heart surfing surfing get
off the box get off oh that was here so
best thing about that is that he didn't
even mean to do that did you forget a
180 yeah let's do this give me a 180
this it again all right I knew you could
do it fist well how are your hands so
cold your fist is oddly grossly cold oh
you Cabbage Patch dude how is it I mean
hobble over here and give you a five how
many tricks do you think you've done
only because I've told you to trial
probably ninety five percent no maybe
thirty percent 50 will say 50 hifi the
camera
so this dude just in the half cab manual
back tail and here's a video of youtube
channel that you need not wait all right
hi this got right here did the half cab
manual to tail to back tail that was me
first time you ever did it first time
yeah and everyone everybody everyone
probably knows but you already have a
youtube channel and it's good stuff okay
thank you the screen is gonna change
that's correct the screen is gonna
change and the bottom link is this dude
okay so click a stupid face what mall
are you watching us I'm the top button
you guys are done subscribe to Alex
bottom bottom button
