I messed up Sam why he revived
skateboards I send packages out to the
riders end I swear I put three boards in
Doug's box but what he did an unboxing
video you only put two so I don't know
if I'm an idiot or Brian aim is an idiot
but someone's an idiot then I'm gonna
make up for it and we're doing a boxing
video and you're gonna see what it's
like to put a box together and make it
fun we're gonna go to the grocery store
and buy a bunch of weird crap to put in
Doug's box I don't get a box because you
are here physically you can take the
stuff still enjoy a box getting frozen
juice anything frozen will be hilarious
you would and gross big league chew got
to do that too dolphin squeaks throw it
in dude look at throw it in
jump rope yeah I dude I want to see I
want to see Doug do a jump rope video
frodan gotta have steak marinade it
steaks
it's a spongebob Barry squeeze it's not
weird enough I would be psyched on that
that was really close it was hard you
through that hard dude if Doug has a
nose he needs us it was a basil spray
nasal spray
let's go put this box together first I'm
gonna see what they think about these
you bought this did not in there clearly
yeah I need that why don't you spend on
this stuff get all that in 20 bucks it
sounds horrible yeah you get to pick
what deck he gets 0.125 that's all you
gotta do this one all right that's right
there
this one this one right this one grab
this deck cool
it's a good-looking deck yeah even if
you were lazy that's a good choice yeah
so we do orders first thing we gotta do
is print the packing slip and I
purchased the postage so I'm not going
to show you that but I'm gonna do it
griptape hold it all down I'm gonna put
in a bunch of stuff that you didn't see
me buy and on Dougs channel you're gonna
be able to go watch it and see what
weird stuff that we gave all right
if I'm gonna stuff in well that's the
script a pup oh I'm kind of notes we got
to do a note and a note because I always
do notes you can do some weird and
sometimes just flat out like oh I got to
do a bunch of notes when I send off for
the team members boxes so I like to
thank you if you would tape it up
address tape over the address in case
the freaking mailman decide to scout the
box up there it is a box for Doug funny
thing is is that in like a week or two
I'm sending him another box like full of
more Dex but I don't this from last time
so Doug I can't wait to see you open
this
Doug's channel should be at the end of
this video or write down the info check
it out and when he gets this I'm sure
he'll do an unboxing video and you can
check out what he got so I'm gonna let
the mailman take this away here a little
bit but I'm gonna do something stupid
and since I can technically put as much
impact pressure on my foot as possible
I'm gonna launch off the launch ramp in
my wallet okay okay
and just so you people don't really like
do that it's so stupid and so long as my
ankle is not moving I'm completely fine
to do ever want so calm down I'm not
gonna do anything crazy if it's gonna
launch off this probably fall to me a
good time
it is so hard to roll on this thing I
feel like a guy with a walking cast
skateboarding all right always land the
rock okay you ever want to feel like you
don't know how to stand on a skateboard
put a walking cast
all right yeah back to Shrek orders yeah
yeah every time you lift something I
think you're about to just punch me we
have a hostile we have a hostile
friendship oh don't touch
