Oh what time is it oh it is story time
with bry names round two and i'll even
know i have no idea what you're about to
tell me but apparently this is a good
one you take you to the grave it's a
good story this did not happen to me or
not necessary well having somebody I
know but I'm not gonna name names
because this is a kind of story that if
this happens to you you take this to
your grave you do not do what this
person did and actually tell someone
that this is what happened years ago I
worked in a restaurant person at this
restaurant was late to work one day and
as punishment and to take a little plate
and go around and they had to scrape the
gum off of all the tables in the entire
restaurant that would be an awful thing
you in the first place so this person
had to go around scrape the gum off of
100 ish different tables and his person
took the took the gum collected on this
little tie plate and want to go find the
manager to say hey I'm done so they like
proof like here is my plate oh yeah like
a plate here's the plate of gum they put
it in the coatroom oh you know while
they want to go find the manager it's
gonna dark in there you know it's not a
lot of light so plate of gum sitting on
a shelf another person comes in looks at
the plate it goes all play dried fruit
this reaches in grabs a handful of this
gum plate and puts it in their mouth and
starts chewing he's a good three or four
twos and realizes what they've just done
well why why would I were to play the
fruit be in a closet exactly I could
kind of see how he wouldn't be done but
now it's just a mound a mound of gum on
a plate yeah and I can see his dark in
the room you know I think I mean who has
like a purchase goes new dark room like
I'm gonna eat something who has a pile
of fruit and current state that's it so
that's the story but oh do they throw up
I don't know if they threw up but this
person went around in told people that
this happens the thing that happened to
me I'm taking that to my grave guess
what I just did but the fact that you're
saying that makes me think that maybe
you did happen to you it did not having
me I promise what do you think verdict
do think it happen to bry names I know
who happened to so did not run names no
okay that is gross it's terrible i mean
like I'm never gonna walk into room like
you know I'm in the kind of mood for oh
hey at Orange oh wait this is a softball
I guess I can happen to me innocent
until proven guilty like that doesn't
work with food like chew until proven
not food that doesn't work but well that
was a doozy that is pretty pretty gross
fantastic but you want do one skateboard
trick to finalize this video sure i have
another stricken probably eight years do
it
oh gosh
thank you that was good before your lids
and you were like just talk talk I shoot
your shoot you're playing that out
people are going to hate it when you
throw shoes be a man
kind of technical I'll do it
you
