what's up guys this is a quick
announcement news video but first let's
go look at Thomas's socks yeah they're
dumber than your boot my boot is pretty
dumb all right guys hey unveiling of
Thomas's socks together how do you feel
about him good I'm just kidding they're
good they're good give me a high five
for your socks alright two things real
fast guys I'm hanging out at a skate
camp this week next week at ollies skate
park in Northern Kentucky and I'm
actually out for the count i have an
injury it's nothing serious don't get
too scared of the cast I'm just using
I'm just have it for like just to be
safe but yeah I'm gonna be there hanging
out and talking to everybody I'll be
there from like 930 into 11 30 or noon
Tuesday and Thursday of this week and
next week i will have sam Tabor with me
tomorrow and maybe a few other maybe
I'll get somebody else by the end next
week but definitely show up and go to
the skate camp if you want to they'll be
there people helping you out with tricks
teaching young letting you skate all a
skatepark just the skate camp gets to
have it for their own so I hope to see
you guys there if you want more
information go to skate Ali's com I'll
put the link down in the info and get
site I want to see you guys i want to
say what's up i'm sorry i can't skate
but i like to see you guys being at
least and the second thing i need to
talk to you what are you doing to me
what do you do get away get away but the
second thing I need to tell you about is
a chance to win revive gear okay Doug
does it tells and us revive skateboards
teamed up with an app called fight me
and basically Doug does these challenges
where he tells you guys to do something
and you get to do like 30 seconds videos
in response to enter a contest to win
revive gear I believe we're doing it for
the next two weeks so like once a week
we'll be able to win stuff and then I
think if you share your video on
facebook or from the application you get
to win some into but either way download
the fight me app on Apple iOS it's not
on Android and I'm sorry for all you
people i'm sure they're working on that
but right now it's just you Apple users
but download that app and followed-up
desa tells and you'll be able to enter
all this stuff and win so
mission on that down in the info but
those are the two things I need to tell
you guys about get psyched and just an
FYI i'm going to be doing more giveaways
on my channel i've been kind of dropping
the ball on that i've been so busy but
i'll do some giveaways here on YouTube
to so stay tuned on that and now I'm
going to get a random clip a skateboard
clip so you guys didn't just watch a
bunch of talking hey you want a trick
you want to do a trip I'll trick trick
no you gotta land straight first right
you have your mission oh alright hey I
like that I like how you're thinking you
should just do the you should just do
that again I like the back three now do
the half cup flip alright alright go
forth
Oh next try like a dragonfly saying
goodbye cuz I'm literally saying goodbye
Alex big goodbye buddy that's good come
on rock me come on you better get here
dude I'm limping away I'm only moving
let me complain no why can I have landed
on the line d Oh shush
you
