sometimes you're the skatepark and
someone just does something you've never
seen before ha first try on film he did
it another two tries to jeez so good
that's how you that's how you start a
frigging video right now how does a
lengthy jump fine gym class when they
make you do the long jump this is where
it comes in handy in life are you upping
the ante alright you do it you got it
crazy dude props on putting your face on
the line first one yeah that's like my
favorite grabbing a version I love it so
I'm here at the skate park today and I
can't skate because my feet are like
peanut brittle
they're like crumbling and they're in a
lot of pain today so I'm not gonna skate
but I'm a film whatever randomness
happens in front my camera you're
drinking like all of the law even if it
was my water you could drink it all I'm
just saying I kinda want to drink oh it
looks like oh yeah
suave okay proper proper definition that
was suave its poaching Sam's video go
and write it I got a serious about
wrapping this video up okay so you want
to do what nollie 540 shove oh you say
it's not going to pop yeah it's not
gonna touch oh so everybody it's not
going it's not gonna pop NACA try pops
enjoy the stand new trick
she's enjoy the spinner II oh yeah and
you've never done it I've done it once
but I was just screwing so it's not new
trick new trick on film okay whoo
I got a filming blood shot okay here are
two silhouetted you like like the dark
skate look out the dark night
yeah give in to the newer widget like a
bakery and got like a cake fresh cake
yeah cool
after mini-challenge since you're really
into cooking cooking shoes like I do
kicking more kicking my thing I don't
like cooking I'm gonna go over there and
you have to kick the camera okay okay
you
