well there you guys go Doug doesn't else
owns that skatepark when I say he owns
it I mean he owns it and he owns it
seriously I mean that in two ways he
first off he was skating the skatepark
like he freakin built the place like he
was just doing tricks left and right
like I could never film that many tricks
in one session when I say never I don't
mean never but it would not be easy for
me to film that many tricks and Doug
just casually goes around killing it and
he totally owns in another sense the
fact that no one was really there that
day like how awesome was that he was
just cruise around the skatepark nice
day out and nobody was in his way it was
just just him and his friend filming and
life was good and since I know all you
guys are gonna freak out about the
helmet yes we all know that he was
wearing a helmet so it's just the rules
of the skate park you got to wear a
helmet to skate that van skate park and
even if it wasn't the rule like just a
helmet people like wearing a stupid hat
right Bryan helmets all like stupid hats
but if you like what you saw Doug has a
channel here on YouTube and he posts
footage on a regular basis of him and
his friends killing it he's obviously
one amazing skateboarder so go check out
more of his stuff the screen is gonna
flash and it'll be the bottom link get
on subscribing to his channel you will
like it and if you like my content where
the screen flashes I will be the top
link so subscribe to me if you're not
already but Doug is the main reason
you're here so click that bottom link
and in the meantime I'm gonna go OK and
the screen is gonna flash the music's
starting
