oh look you made a mess you're up for
five minutes and you're like hey I'm
gonna put things everywhere
good morning any piece to let go
what's up guys is it in life 24 and this
one's a little different a lot of times
ridin goes to daycare when I do these
videos but a lot of times during the
week I actually get to watch them during
the day so that's what's happening a day
and we're gonna go to shred quarters
aren't we we're gonna help out Brian
daddy I love you
toddler changed let's clean your room
you clean Legos up I'll do everything
else you cleaned up the Legos walk five
with your head they set a new thing you
goofy guy all right you want to eat it
your turtle table we have waffle and
Vanetta you are burning your hand off
right now reading in the pretend world
all right buddy here's the better Legos
we have spider-man who do you have oh
come on
Oh ninja turtle you say rapido oh all
right are you ready to go Wow where are
we going Wow Arthur ed and I are off to
shred quarters aren't we ready Gary what
there's gonna be a shred quarters oh
yeah Brian's gonna be there just eat the
so weak in the face you can hop around
the world into outer space that's
Brian's car yeah
Oh Bryce playing video games you wanna
go look
Brian was nice enough to get us pizza
and salad go say thank you
have a strawberry
Oh Rainbow Road are you ready I'm ready
so all right so I'm gonna start on
orders and I'm gonna give you this to
play with okay
Oh ridin you can't drink water properly
paper towel me Brian you can't paper
towel me properly don't say you got me
so dick dude you know this is funny
looking but you nailed me in the leg
like that thing hit the water bottle and
hit my leg and it feels bruised already
did that good not around I'm throwing
that away I was throwing that away it's
fantastic ridin Jake Guerrero says you
are awesome and he really likes your
videos can you say Thank You Jake
you want to go off the ramp your helmet
is unfortunately in mom's car we're
gonna I'm gonna have to hold you the
entire time is that okay perfect you're
gonna put the creepy mask on
okay bro names gimme five I'll see you
tomorrow
you sy I love you right excited go to
the carwash
yeah say yeah yeah
correct
are we home yeah there you go sir did
you have fun come to the warehouse with
me here's a take your son to work today
wasn't yeah you know what ridin I'm
gonna go to sleep ah you woke me up
thin silky thread trail from her body
the spider landed on a fence near a farm
alright so Ryan's taking nap and I am
going to sit down and do a few business
emails we're finally getting the wheels
ordered this week so uh be excited for
the new wheel company it's actually
happening but ya just gotta wait for my
wife to get home and she's gonna watch
ridin for a little bit while I go skate
with Thomas if Thomas ever texts me back
and won it out she arrives shortly I've
dressed it alright so I hung out with
the wife for a second - while ridin is
still napping and I'm gonna go skate
with Thomas and Alex at his flat bar and
then I'm gonna regroup with family at
the in-laws house because we go we go
over there every in a day in the life I
swear but a driving time
Thomas you say you're here ah I'm on the
wife Thomas you're not here yeah then
you're not here knocking well yeah I'd
be here if I was here and I am here so
I'm here
you have that song recorded on your iPod
I'm proud of her here yeah so does
myspace that's good so I haven't really
talked about this on YouTube but I've
actually had some footage trees and
they're healing up really nicely
actually I'm surprised but either way I
need to get surgery on this foot
eventually in my life but it's feeling
good so I'm gonna test it out today but
don't expect too much from me these guys
will kill it though like they usually do
and you want to test out some flip
tricks stretch it out boys yeah good
start start that was amazing
you could have done that any better Wow
did you see me fall No
half-caf clipping
did you arguing trick that trick
hecka ill dude I was like Veronica now
that was like surfing the soap box
I think you just got clipped with a
session buddy clip of the session go
home let me like mom CEOs okay she'll
think chamber of sneakers because Harry
Potter tell her what it is chat what am
shuffle that damn show Oh second try
ever come on clip of the session buddy
help with a session really yeah I feel
so special
oh my gosh oh my gosh I think I heard it
bad always with the dumbest trick hold
it bad dude all moan never done that
when it was like when I was skating hard
on it I can move it so it's not that
hard right yeah I mean you'd be in some
hey thanks alright some session done for
me well I leave for California in a week
and I probably ought to be skating cuz
of this that sucks
yeah you better do something about that
I was going for clip of the session dude
hey hey thanks for hanging out and skate
in my deadline you have fun getting this
line time over Vaughn Alex be skating's
Channel we got it right here but just
thank you guys
all right so my in-laws are going on
vacation starting tomorrow so we came
over here to hang out with them before
they leave and it's good take me forever
get here because I can't walk so riding
totally just ran out to me screaming
Dada Dada very adorably I didn't film it
come on do it again say Dada Dada and
come over hurt me bad ha ha
it made me feel just as special even
when he did it cuz he was told to is
this for me yeah oh thank you you want
to sit up here for me with me alright so
I ate dinner and now I'm just hanging
out with this guy and the family of
course we doing it I think was your
first time on a on a big boy swing do
you like it whoa okay so the family tree
will walk and I just basically passed on
the couch because I can't really move
that productively so we're going home
now after all that happened right and
I'll see you at home okay buddy I love
you love your wife I drove separately
it's gonna take me so long to get to my
car I'm walking by a mile a minute I'll
be actually really fast
okay so we are home now and it's about
time for read bedtime isn't it right
stop looking into their Jade off aren't
you you like your movies that don't
don't lick the lens you goofy guy I
wrote to the zoo to send me a pet they
sent me an elephant hi buddy I love you
your good night ooh
so there we go a Daniel f24 done hope
you guys dug it's very unfortunate that
I hurt myself hopefully I'll be able to
like heal it up enough so I can
skateboard a little bit in California
but I'm gonna go easy on I'll be icing
it and keeping it elevated for sure I'll
do whatever it takes to get it back to
where it needs to be thank you guys for
watching I do daily videos so if you
like what you saw stay tuned and
subscribe if you aren't already and uh
my cat looks kind of funny right now I'm
gonna go pet pet its face water you know
say subscribe and I know because you're
a cat because you're correct sorry sorry
your cat you're classy you're frickin
classy and you don't like being petted
aggressively
yeah daddy I love you okay let's change
a diaper
outside I'm not gonna change your diaper
outside right because that'd be weird
why because people would look over the
BIC while there's a naked baby in the
just in the yard
