all right so a few people are probably
your stomach's out there because that
was gross but I don't feel too bad for
showing that because Sam was somehow
completely fine
which to me defies the laws of
everything it flies defies the speed
limit for all I care because he should
have had a broken ankle he really should
have but instead this is what happened
afterwards oh your ankle it's okay dude
I saw that I was like well he's got it
but then no I'm just saying yeah no big
deal
my ankles are you turn on my leg but no
big deal let's just keep skateboarding
because I'm made of rubber like
seriously what is him Lord his bones
made of he's like is a Sour Patch Kid
like a real-life Sour Patch Kid
but of course really happy that Sam
didn't break his ankle and he was it
extreme misery like he should have been
but yeah I mean guessing that his foot
slipped in his shoe or something because
like if you look at this picture boom
like no shoe and foot can do that like
that's like almost upside down it's past
45 degrees and the best thing about it
is that totally didn't stop Sam from
landing the frontside flip
so there you go boom the best session
you can have in skateboarding is take a
hard slam and landed you should go home
you're like I got both things I suck and
I'm awesome a lot of you guys might have
seen this fall this is actually from we
are avenged 26 you know I didn't do fall
Fridays back then so when I was thinking
of what fall Friday I want to do and I
was like I should go I can do that one
because that was brutal and a lot of you
people might not have seen it but every
guys dug that Sam's actually gonna be in
town this summer so you'll be seeing
them in some upcoming revive videos last
we want revenge's get excited people
because it's gonna be soon be good times
anytime with Sam's a good time he's
hilarious dude and just fun to hang out
and skate with but thank you guys for
watching hope you dug this video and I
do fall Fridays every other week so if
you can do math in two weeks I'll be
back with another one but I do videos
every single day and tomorrow I think
I'm doing another day in the life at
least if my week goes correctly I'll be
doing another day in the life tomorrow
so watch out for that and subscribe if
you want to see more of this type of
stuff but I'm gonna let Siri take us out
on this okay Siri say it wait what was
that last word oh my gosh shut up
hey you've reached the end of the video
where I'm gonna say you how to drink
water like a man okay get your water
bottle put it right here
remove the adorable picture of your
child that's in a flower okay cuz you
don't want him near this and get a dart
yep
it should've stuck in but you know look
now look I kind of like one of those
things that have bocce tables they make
blue the guys pee but you can drink it
now I'm not gonna drink it now that I
said that's some of an idiot
you
