there are a few things that will just
never go out of style in skateboarding
and a good-looking trick is one of I'll
be an idiot if that wasn't one of the
best flat ground cake clubs you've ever
seen you got to give it to Johnny he
went up in the air did a kickflip had
some style he was like a model for a
second and then he landed and I was like
that wow this guy never ceases to amaze
me he's it's easily one of the best flat
ground kickflip so you can go down like
Johnny Geiger look him up somewhere just
look up and comprise see his name in the
sky yeah because you did that kickflip
but I hope you guys dug that Johnny is
actually recovering from a leg injury
right now so this screen is gonna flash
here in a second and the bottom link
will be to his channel go subscribe to
them and tell them to heal up fast
because we want to seen a skateboard and
I do daily videos here on my channel so
click the top link for you know videos
just like this randomness goofy stuff
skateboarding all that sort of stuff but
mainly check Johnny outs and I'm sorry
about the construction noise I can't
really help that sounds like a dragon
grumbling because I've bored is
grumbling alright whatever but I'm gonna
jump and then click those links that's
probably really really stupid
