savor savor savor I erase the intro to
where else ones that we filmed yeah yeah
so what do we do we've been 18 foot boa
boa bord de box trail to combo box yeah
we built yeah long over there all right
I'm gonna skateboard it in the past okay
right right all right what's the verdict
I don't know because I can't use a tape
measure
dude that's gonna that's that's
horrifying
this is exactly 18 feet 18 feet long and
almost an inch
it's solo dude it's so Chewbacca
well I didn't get this trick and that
sucks because I would like to get that
trick but maybe another time I will
learn that trick I don't know but thanks
to Sam for filming any words yeah you
were flipping it - no
but uh thanks to Sam for selling for
selling filming trimming Dillman let's
go to Wilmington and head talk to my
friend trimming ttan fend fit
