oh this guy this guy right here
when I watched John Hanning skateboard I
can't get the feeling that someone's
just shouting tricks in him because he
literally can just go do any amount of
combo it's like five-oh annual lipslide
nose grind Casper flip Hospital flip
band-aid flip I literally could just
keep going and it's it's it's very
awesome to watch if you haven't seen
this stuff before go check it out I'm
gonna change the screen to the end of
this video and the bottom link will be
over to Billy Hanna's channel which is
Shawn's brother and they all kill it all
their friends kill it's just like the
hip trick the freaking 540 double big
flip spinner thing like my gosh there's
just so much good footage on the channel
so make sure when the screen flashes you
go over there and check it out and then
the top link will be me I do daily
videos here on my channel just like this
and and just other hijinks I get into I
mainly check out Billy Hannah's channel
you will like what you see and yeah I've
got a dart
