what's up guys so I thought it'd be cool
to do a video talking about like my
roots in skateboarding like where it all
began for me so I'm doing it that's what
I'm doing right now and I'm here at the
spot that I first skateboarded for the
very first time this is beachfront
Avenue in Cincinnati Ohio and the whole
street has so many spots and we grew up
skating this place and it was like
literally the best time so I I had the
best time growing up ever and if you've
read my book you'd actually know this
whole story because my books like 98%
exactly how my life went down and it's
like sprinkled with fiction so I kind of
like I claim it as something fiction but
it's so accurate in so many ways and
this is the actual spot that I first
started skateboarding with my friend
right there used to be a comic shop and
I would come up and play card games like
Magic the Gathering like a Star Wars
card game like any of anything that was
happening I was there playing with my
friends there was actually a guy there I
didn't really get along with but for
whatever reason one day we he had a
skateboard and I was like alright yeah
let's let's skateboard and we came out
here and this parking curb right here it
was waxed it's like the same exact part
in herb it's been so long it was waxed
and I kind of like learned had a board
side on it and from that day on it was
just like changed like my mind was like
oh my gosh I had a passion for
skateboarding I went home and convinced
my mom to get me a complete and then it
was just history I used to come up here
every day and hang out of that comic
shop and skateboard this lot and we'd
eventually go up and down the whole
street but it was just it's a journey so
I'm gonna take you to some of these
spots in this lot and then I'll show you
a footage from all the stuff I'm showing
you so here's where the comic shop was
this is the first gap that I ever kick
flipped but I remember the first flip
jog I did was a heel flip but I wanted
to show the shop owner who was like our
friend I can heel flip and I came out
here at the very first try I just got it
right up the butt and he laughed it's
price still laughing cuz it was a golden
moment
alright this part of the lot is where
everything really went down this is
called the Dena toes wall
and I have done like every trick I could
possibly do down a gap down this wall
and most of them haven't even been on
film when my backside flip double flip
though the I didn't land I run it up is
like a three flip but like every half
cab full cab did it's kind of nice
because this curve makes you pop your
tricks so like when we went to a real
gap we're like oh okay we got to pop our
tricks but in my generation of
skateboarding like if you did a trick
down this wall that was like oh my gosh
he did that down this wall and if you
really manned up you did down the big
part which is like a six foot drop over
here here's the big part he's just
called the big part I've been short four
big part of the Natas but yeah if you
did this you were like oh alright you're
a good skateboarder now and I swear like
every trick I ever filmed on it was kind
of sloppy well there's a car but yeah so
I didn't film to my tricks on it I did a
kickflip and swish many that were really
sloppy and that's like a really smooth
half cab but it was it was awful like I
should not have had I think my hair was
like long and curly and black and it was
just like I was overweight it was all
like I need to go home get a makeover
guys don't get makeovers I need to get a
makeover but most of the stuff I tried
on that I didn't land I did a that's
like a full cap on it I stuck a backside
flip I stuck a nollie and it just didn't
happen this thing we talked about
skating all the time like oh we should
get back to no slider which is clearly
insane because it was like a foot long
but one time one night it was so cold it
was like 10 degrees Fahrenheit which is
like negative 10 15 Celsius or something
but I stuck I have like built a ramp
right here and I launched all the way
over it and the camera was like on the
tripod filming it and it was so cool
that it had shut off but I still managed
to get a picture of one of my attempts I
was like so far above it but it was like
I nailed it I'm so bummed I never got
the footage because it was do is not
easy rock cap probably the cooler spots
here and I didn't really film too much
on actually Thomas tried to nollie laser
and he stuck it to the ground for his
video part but he'd never came back to
land it and lately they put a dumpster
here so that's kind of a bummer because
it's definitely one of the cooler things
on film I remember in college we used to
come up and put a flat bar here and then
we found a fridge around back we used to
skate that to be like a bump up to a
fridge but I had so many days and nights
here in this lot that is just like such
a magical place for me like to this day
I still like if I'm like kind of
mentally stressed like I'll cruise
Beechmont and come skate this place all
even since escape the wall it's just a
place that I just kind of feel young
again I would before I go I got to show
you the hand room though
I'm the only one to ever do this
handrail I'll take credit mostly because
my buddy after I landed it slipped out
and smashed the window and we all had to
dip because we were young were just like
broken window let's leave now I'd
probably be all responsible and I go
into them like Hambrick window I'm sorry
I will pay for it here it is I had to
build a ramp up to it because it's like
it's like you know chest high
but the only person ever do it and it
was really hard because you land on this
thing sorry the sign but but I'll show
you footage from everything I just
talked about I don't have like all the
footage ever film here but I have a lot
of it so I hope you dig the montage and
if you guys liked this video give it a
thumbs up this is unlike anything I've
ever done before and like I said earlier
like my book tells us whole story so if
you're in Sur than that I'll put a link
to how to get my book below but thank
you guys for watching
begin the skateboarding and then I'm
gonna go let me go go go
