YouTube what but what's up guys I can
tell by the way you cook this videos
that you just want to know how to
boardslide and you came to the right
place because I'm going to I can't take
her get out of the video get for real
I'm going to teach you how to boardslide
in this video so when you have a job at
a grocery store later on a life and
they're like hey I can't find what I own
the boardslide show and you're like hey
I could help you because I watch this
video on the internet and then I know
how to boardslide what's going down
right now
so the basic backside boardslide is like
a gateway to the world of sliding and
grinding on your skateboard you're going
to roll up to the object behind you
you're going to ollie up place your
front truck over the obstacle and let it
slide beneath your board in between your
set of trucks this is an awesome trick
because you can start on something small
like a flat bar and then take it to a
bigger office or like a handrail and as
you progress on your skateboard you'll
be able to learn more technical
variations of this flip in for the bow
and all that exciting stuff and also to
give any idea that the clouds and the
bushes in the original Super Mario
Brothers the exact same thing just
different colors I had no idea that is
just a revelation all right here's how
to boardslide alright so starting out to
do boardslide so this is probably gonna
be your first sliding trick slide or
grind that you're going to learn and if
it's not I would advise learning this
first no slides are an exception but
really you're gonna get the boardslide
out of the way it kind of just sets the
path for all of your slide tricks and
and then into grinds along the way of
your skateboarding the only thing you
really need to know before going into
this is a solid ollie okay some board
slides you don't even have to ollie into
but if you have a solid ollie down it
just kind of it just shows that you have
the balance to really attempt a
boardslide because it's a completely
different world than riding and on that
note you need to be good at riding too
so make sure you're just comfortable
cruising around and have a solid pop on
your ollie down and you're ready to try
board slides so let's start with foot
position okay basically I really just
say find a comfortable ollie okay
everyone's different with this but
personally I'm gonna do a safe spot
that's probably like more towards the
end of the tail inward I poke pop most
of my stuff on the inside of my board it
kind of gives me more pop but with the
back foot whatever you're comfortable
whatever gives you a solid ollie that
makes you feel like you have control of
the board and then the front foot
depending on how high I'm going to
I would adjust so if it's just a basic
like 12-inch rail or you know 12 to 15
inch rail
I'm probably to put my front foot about
right here and again whatever you're
comfortable with whatever angle that
gets you the most control of your
skateboard go with that I'm not going to
tell you how to ollie here I assume you
already know it and I'm just going to
say whatever you feel best at do that my
only suggestion is that with taller
board slides and he gets like you know
like almost handrail height so it's
really tall pull your foot back it gives
you more leverage and gets you up to the
top of that obstacle a lot easier
alright when it comes to your approach a
lot of people I feel like they kind of
attack the rail don't do that and don't
ride completely sideways with it you
want to come like kind of a slight angle
but more so like you're riding this way
then that way and then you're going to
ollie up alright and when you ollie up
you don't want to just kind of do it
just barely enough to get on top of the
rail it's a bad habit to get into
make sure you talk your ollie and turn
board over the rail that kind of makes
it so you come down on top of the rail
which is going to be better for balance
and sliding long distances on Rails
sliding on top of the obstacle when
you're starting out it's going to be
really strange to you and just going to
feel like it slips out easy or sticks or
doesn't slide and you will get better at
this I promise if it's tough just give
it time and really try and just don't
push it to where you don't feel safe but
try a little bit of the rail definitely
when you're starting like to a foot and
a half of the rail so it's not like
you're just hitting it but you know
you're getting online and you can feel
it slide a little bit and I have to
stress that ollie on top over and the
land down on the rail ok this is going
to get your balance so much better and I
know it might be scary but especially
we're doing the end of the rail you can
just hit and jump off okay hit the rail
and if you feel scared just jump away
from it and the board is most likely
going to stay right on the rail and you
will walk away but once you're starting
to slide like a you know foot and a half
and you're ready to put it down it
really is as simple as moving your legs
back to straight so you're gonna roll
away okay like when you get to the end
of the rail spot your landing and move
that nose as you fall off the rail okay
don't come up too early
and with the wider obstacles it's easier
to hit your trucks and if you're hitting
your trucks or your boards locking up
you need to wait a second before you
dismount you're gonna get to the end of
the rail and then turn your scape now
the hardest thing about learning how to
boardslide is easily balancing on top of
the Rio que because sometimes you're
gonna be sticking and flying forward the
boards I can be going with you and other
times you can be sliding out like you're
on that Mario Kart track of the ice
again you're always falling into the
frozen lake that you don't want to be in
the frozen lake ever okay Mario Kart or
on a rail so this is happening to you
and you can't just kind of stand right
on top of the board just really pay
close attention to how your board is
going okay if it's sticking and you're
falling and forward and the board isn't
going with you then you might need to
try whacks okay it's a metal obstacle
don't put too much on because then
you're gonna be sliding to freaking
kingdom come but a little bit might help
and then if you're still sticking you
need to lean back a little bit and let
the board slide underneath you and if
the board is slipping out too much and
going in front of you then you need to
lean forward okay so just pay attention
to what you're doing and kind of course
correct as you go and I know it might
seem really hard with enough trying and
practicing you're going to get used to
it you'll be sliding all over the place
like in into freaking work into school
you'll be bored sliding everything
everywhere another thing you need to
worry about when doing this is speed
okay you don't want to go too slow I
know when you're learning it you're
probably don't want to kind of go as
slow as possible but don't you want
speed so when you get on the obstacle
actually go but definitely don't go too
fast when you're learning it because
your face is going to be all over the
sidewalk if you mess up so find out like
a medium speed that you're comfortable
with and then just you know make sure
you're going just really what it comes
down to make sure you're going so some
common mistakes with the board sliding
are definitely your angle and your
balance okay so really pay attention
when I said about those and then if
you're trying on something really low
you're gonna have to worry about your
wheels hitting the ground so if that's
difficult like if you're trying to park
a curb on the ground it's probably going
to be tough so I would try to find an
obstacle that makes you ollie on top of
it a little bit it'll just kind of get
you a lot better for future board slides
and I'll make your first board slide way
easier
so there you guys go hope that helps you
learn boardslides and remember no matter
what I say I can tell you what to do all
day but it's not going to help unless
you go out there and try you got to
practice and just study your scape
videos watch things in slow motion just
kind of try to understand what's going
on and give it your best and you're
going to get it done you give me the
Wayne Gretzky skateboarding so try try
try subscribe or die I just forget
awaiting Gretzky death Oh more more MORE
that was just not right
