I'm gonna do this if I better have got
that on camera no I did Rica did it it
wasn't that hard to be honest with you
I'm just gonna be I'm just gonna level
with you was not that hard to be like
five tries I'll do it again this is
impossible but YouTube what is going on
this is an update video ever time of my
life and skateboarding my companies and
you know the spiel I'm pretty sure 99%
of you people have watched these videos
before so that's it's the same thing but
what is my life been like lately you're
wondering yeah and it's been it's been
different it is the summer where I
should be like half naked drinking
lemonade next to a pool naked what yeah
that so sorry should be doing the summer
thing and relaxing and enjoying it more
well I'm not my wife is going is just
entered grad school which means that I'm
kind of like a single dad for three
years because she's just completely busy
of course not a single dad but uh yeah
so she's busy with grad school she's not
starting to be a neuroscientist which
what she was going but she's going to be
a physical therapist so she's doing that
whole thing and basically Bryden stays
at home with a babysitter and I come to
work but I got to be back really quick
you know there's no there's no there's
no like hey I'm gonna come back from
work whatever I want to because you know
we're on a very strict schedule so it's
kind of different but I'm loving it the
weather's awesome like the warm weather
on my skin I'm like BAE this is better
than snow and rain and then snow rain
and then stain but as strict as our
schedule is I actually have a lot of
trips which I'm doing mainly on the
weekends because of how crazy it is I'm
going to California in two weeks and
then in two weeks more after that I will
be in Chicago and I think I'm gonna be
back in California at the end of July
and somewhere in the mix I'm gonna try
get to Philadelphia hang out with my
dude angel and then I will be doing a
big revive a California trip in like
late August or September so that's gonna
be fun no but you never know what's
going on in my life I might just wake up
like I have to get all right oh right
now probably not gonna happen but ever
saying those are the dates that I know
that are happening so I'll give you more
heads-up what it actually happens and
pay attention to my social networks I
might say like hey I'm gonna be at the
skate park and then you can come save
Andy what up and I'll be like I'm gonna
give you a sunglass is all of all of the
sunglass so pay attention to that
because I do like meeting you guys and
I'm gonna be all around the country so
uh stay tuned for information on that I
don't know if you know that I know that
this place is haunted
okay this warehouse is haunted okay and
I'm not like one that's like a crazy
conspiracy ghost tourists I'm not saying
that doesn't exist I'm open-minded let's
just say but either way this this hit
this place is haunted because some
nights it's the freakiest place in the
world some nights like tonight not so
bad but I have proof
I freaking have proof because I was
sitting here working another day during
the day and the doorbell started ringing
I would go I would check the door nobody
would be there nobody would be there
okay and I was like oh my gosh have it
twice and then the third time it
happened I got my phone out and I filmed
it and every time I open that door and
started looking around nobody nobody was
nearby
okay this footage is not edited at all
this is just raw footage and I finally
just took the doorbell off for a while I
put it back a few days later and it was
working fine but every single time I
opened the door it was just stopped it's
like a new it's like hey he's checking
I'm gonna freak him out so watch the
footage
it stops when I open the door it just
goes off by itself and then the second I
open the door it stops this place is
officially crazy haunted yes so you
could try and just prove that all you
want you could come up with reasons I'm
sure there's a logical reason somewhere
in the world but it was creepy okay and
I have the footage and I'm happy I have
the footage because it was it was in the
same honestly I like being scared it was
actually kind of exciting but still
weird also in this update video I would
like to say the Sam Tabor is awesome as
he is he's my friend he's my dude he's
dumb okay we're all dumb sometimes you
know and then I have a moment on film we
were filming for revenge vote III when
we were headed to the DC Plaza and we
are in this clip okay he's gonna talk
about not seeing something he's talking
about the Cincinnati sign okay like it
is clearly huge on downtown Cincinnati
it says Cincinnati and using I can't see
it
I don't know how I have no idea but it's
absolutely genuine watch this clip
please just start filming I'm filming I
just don't see it my blonde gosh I
filmed it but I don't see it
Samri it was yeah so everybody go blow
up Sam Taber's networks and be like hey
Sam the signs in front of your face
you're freaking monopoly guy so aside
from hauntings and Sam's and all that
stuff
revived and my wheel company okay I'm
gonna start talk about two companies how
awesome is that
it's exciting launching a new company I
feel like what I did when I launched
revenge
oh gee revenge slash survive whatever
you wanna call it it's coming along okay
we have graphics made we have shirts
ready to go and we just kind of get the
official okay from our lawyer which it's
in the bag pretty much but it's not like
you just got to wait for certain things
to happen and then we need to make one
more wheel graphic and then we are good
to go and I look to launch the company
in August okay so hopefully August first
but I'm giving more info when that
happens we're adding people to the team
like I said it's gonna be a different
team there will be a few revived errs on
there but some new faces very very
excited about this guys so get psyched
and it's happening and we will have
three-wheel graphics we're gonna have a
like 5 shirt 4 or 5 shirt graphics and
then we'll release some additional fall
seasonal stuff
a month after the release in the revival
world like always we are making new
stuff and moving along we're trying to
film for our second video which is
supposed to come out at the end of 2015
so December 2015 I'm thinking but we
have our fall stuff it's gonna come out
in August or September and we're gonna
be adding a new lifeline colorway and
the black lifeline is going to fizzle
out before the end of the years we're
not going to order any more of that we
have a decent amount but if you like
that graphic buy a few of them or do
what you want skated the next few times
and then we have a brand new graphic
coming out that might turn into a series
so look out for that but as always I
want to say thank you and we were moving
along and we're growing and hopefully
next year like if we keep growing we
will move into a bigger warehouse where
we'll have a full-fledged skate park in
it like a training facility whatnot and
you'll get amazing a more content
because you know like we got oh I need
to build some stuff in shred quarters
but there's always so much I want to do
in shred quarters like one video a week
is enough for me this space has seen
some movies in fact I have ditched work
to go see movies that's how I do it
because I don't have time at night
because I'm basically spending quality
time with my family which I don't
sacrifice then I've been watching movies
nonetheless I saw spider-man 2 boom in
the face I don't know if I've talked
about that recently but it was good I
liked it it got me motivated and I was
like I can do this whole life thing I
can do it and then I saw Godzilla which
honestly I was expecting it to be better
but that's not saying anything bad about
it cuz I was expecting it to be like
mine blog but it was really good I mean
Godzilla's definitely worth the watch I
dug it I'm like the only personal world
that's saying like I kind of wish that
there have been more daylight scenes
like I kind of wanted to just see
Godzilla you know there's a few shots
that are well lit but I just I want to
see some more well-lit shots so
hopefully they do a sequel like Godzilla
during the day and then I saw x-men ok
and whoa probably the best x-men very
very good so if you haven't seen that or
you don't have faith in the x-men
because of recent movies give this one a
shot it's very very good and you like
it's ok you're gonna write home to your
ex-girlfriend I don't know why your
ex-girlfriends a home price shouldn't be
there she's your ex but I'm just saying
you're gonna wanna write to somebody
right now I would like to pause the
video not pause it but just to kind of
tone it down a little bit mellow out and
talk about something more serious I know
I'm always spazzing out and carrying on
but I'm gonna get real with you for a
second we unfortunately lost a fellow
skateboarder recently a Henry McGuinness
he was in a car wreck and he did not
make it and I just wanted to take a
second to talk about it and say
no skateboarding is one big family and
you know you see another skateboarder
and you don't even know him you're like
hey man you're cool to hang with us I
got your back like you're one of us like
we're a very close-knit culture and so
when I hear about anything like that
when I hear about anybody passing away
you know it's never like that but when
it's a skateboarder it's just like I
just want to take a second to say
something a lot of people are hitting me
up on line and brought this story to my
attention I'm glad they did so I just
want to say you know guys take a moment
and get out there today and do a
kickflip for Henry okay and you can
hashtag it on Instagram but like
kickflip for Henry no rest in peace
Henry and everyone's thinking about you
buddy we're gonna do kick flips for you
I don't have someone to take a photo of
me doing it right now but later on in
the day after this goes up I'm gonna
have Bryan Ames shoot me doing a
kickflip for you buddy and I just want
to take a second and have a little
remembrance of Henry so think about him
when you're out there on your boards
today guys and with that said I'm gonna
wrap up the video here in a second I
will talk about videos to come I have a
how to boardslide video coming out
tomorrow I have a different type of
video I've never done about my routes to
the skateboard and coming out Sunday and
then next weekend I should have another
day in life video and then the weekend
after that I will have a new we want
revenge we're into filming 44 we've
filmed a good chunk of it so we'll get
that done over the next couple of weeks
in the meantime I will do videos every
single day because I do that on my
channel I literally do videos every day
guys I think guys for watching my video
I hope you guys dug it like I said them
back tomorrow with another one so stay
tuned and I'm gonna tennis-ball your
face to kingdom come
the magics of editing my face looks
really stupid
kasher creepy noise I hope tonight it's
not hard tonight although I shouldn't
say that because they thrive on fear and
they be like oh you keep hoping buddy
you freaking keep hoping cuz I'm gonna
get scarier that was a weird face to
make did Sam's and warehouse it's not
feeling like summer because my fiance
what that was cool
you gotta admit when you turned on this
video you're like I'm not gonna see a
guy to catch a tennis ball with a
friggin doggy throw toy I'm gonna throw
this I did it hey I'm about to be your
next-door neighbor all right cool no I'm
live down the block apparently what is
my life been up like two likes a sister
Mary Clarence sister act
Whoopi Goldberg I need a goldfish I need
a pet goat
