what's up guys so for this week's
warehouse Wednesday I'm going to give
you a tour of shred quarters itself it's
just surprising that I haven't done this
yet but let's do this
we're going to tell them all about the
stuff we got our shirts right here on
all these shelves which we got it
need like took up half of these but now
we have so many sure graphics week we do
not have enough room so right now we
have 11 short graphics in which is a lot
standard adult sizes that we whatever
random crap we come up with like here's
X and X here's videos that never sold
there's like two of them so there's the
freebie shirt which we've give them away
because there's like none these are
giveaway decks to like team members or
whoever needs a deck there's and then we
have surplus of skateboards right there
no bucket in all of these boxes are lots
and lots of rolls of grip tape and then
this is Bryan's ingenious invention you
just put a roll of grip right here pull
it out to the line and then cut it at
the other line and it's like the most
magical thing ever
grip tape is literally like three times
as fast as it used to be thank you very
MUC this is the smorgasbord of
everything else
stickers yeah right come on Brian what
two things and stickers pre-assembled
sticker packs copies of lift skate die
right here we have your three different
sun armors which we need to re-up on
those I think we have some over there we
have hats need to put some more on the
shelves beanie still packaging envelopes
tape anything we have that doesn't need
a massive amount of space just throw it
onto this thing here's the alternate we
got a fridge best thing in the whole
world which is mainly just like water
because that's all we drink and then we
have some soda because my wife was like
you guys should have some soda here for
people that drink other stuff my desk
Brian's desk community desk which has
the computer at the beginning of every
workday we sit down here and print all
the orders out and then we take them
over here to this table this is the work
table like whatever you're doing you're
probably doing on this table and this is
Ryan chambers aka white boy and he is
here 24/7 for t-shirts he's never not
here literally this is the great wall of
skateboard boxes which whoa every day we
make these and just put them up here so
when we come in the next day we don't
have to make a bunch of boxes before we
send orders out
then way to hydrogen yeah I like it
sometimes like I'll grab a deck and I
literally like launch them off the top
or throw a skateboard out it's a knock
the whole thing over and then right next
to it here's where we keep the the Nats
made boxes which we use these for
warehouse crowd-surf and we stack them
up and jumped off them cause it's kind
of scary because they're like when
they're tall or not that sturdy I can't
wait to do it again it wasn't the
funnest thing ever
here is our crazy nutritionist snack
table which right now is just Jos
usually we have like pretzels and like
sweet arees like you had some like
sweeties yes we Teresa sweet
zebra cakes whatever and right here is
where of the new wheel company is going
to be store we have a bunch of wheels on
these shelves and some apparel we
haven't got a lot of wheels in stock
right now yeah we have to see yeah but
yeah we'll probably need more space than
this but for right now we don't have
anything in stock I think it will do
yeah well these are in my skateboard
here's a banner that Bryan Ames got made
and my personal favorite part of
straight quarters is this boom
basically have a movie theater we have a
Wii you connected to it so you watch
Netflix it's also we have chromecast so
like anything on our computers we can
send to it but pre skate session we're
watching skate videos sometimes we're
playing Mario Kart like Ron Chambers who
actually never leaves the couch he's
24/7 on the couch playing Mario Kart and
he has a mushroom I'm gonna push it did
I mess you up it doesn't do it if i push
it does he go that's the horn I was a
horn horn I was awesome innovated
innovative you got horns I would rather
messed you up on your mushroom though we
got our board collection og revenge
decks up there then the revived
collection which we're about to add two
more in a few months here so what's not
fun is hanging those on the wall now
Mitzi's I did I did you're afraid of
heights
we're just funny I can put that thing up
that was scary I'd like hole that huge
heavy thing and it was like it was
death-defying
and here's were skateboards yes we're
actually thinning out on some sizes
right now we have another shipment of
boards coming in next week I think but
yeah this is it we have ten different
graphics right now and and it's crazy
come from working in a small room to
this is it's just it's it's insane to
see sometimes I just I sit back and like
oh wow you just all started from making
youtube videos but yeah this is it so if
you want to see more detailed pictures
of these just go to our online store
it'll be right down in the in
at the end of the video you can just
click on it but those are our decks and
we're always adding to the collection
don't hit me definitely the coolest part
of tread quarters I feel like is just
how the shelves look with decks on them
and then this whole area right here is
just for skating so we see it here a
couple times a week sometimes during the
middle of the day like whenever we have
time basically and there's a dartboard
that we used to use all the time but
after I did a darts kit I've been
needing to buy darts because they're
horrible now their own gross also this
whole wall serves as a way to store
ghosts like in ghostbusters go watch
ghostbusters one and this is what it
looks like we got two flat bars right
here that are way too low for their own
good I don't really skate them but the
box that is perfect the launch ramp
again they don't really skate it so
that's it guys I just want to say thank
you so much for supporting me and watch
my videos and getting the company to
this point where we have like a place to
hang out and skate and just run the
company out of like it like it's a dream
come true I know I say it all the time
but I could not be more thankful I just
wake up every day and I'm just so happy
I get to come here and do my work and do
what I'm doing and it's all thanks to
you guys but before I go I'll film a
couple of go-to tricks on the box but
then I got to leave because I got to go
hang out with a little guy for the rest
of the night and that's it Brian you
wanna grab a camera yeah
I was in a video game store and I saw
this Zelda pillow which extras has a
link on it but uh I saw this pillow and
I had to buy it it was like 15 bucks
which is the most I would ever spend for
like a dainty pillow and then dog don't
you dare dude oh my gosh Brian you can't
do that dude you could have killed me I
felt like that was gonna hit me in the
wiener I just had a feeling this is
incredibly accurate yeah don't
another one of my impulsive buys is this
that is totally grumpy cat oh just
something that Brian needed
