YouTube what's up guys so I'm doing a
skate bag video telling you guys
everything that's in my camera bag
because it's like the best camera bag
ever but first I'm gonna squeeze you
this part cuz I want to skateboard in
this video too and what would a day in
Cincinnati be without rain
so that puddles gonna die gonna be so
rewarding you know when you like see
those videos online or people are
cutting pape and you're like I love it
this is gonna be great that really was
satisfying that's amazing look at it
good this is so much water alright we
squeegeed which besides us wanting to
skate here for this video it's just a
good deed at the skate park so get a
squeegee or of room and there's the Sun
take care of your skate spots and skate
parks is my point so today I'm doing the
ultimate skate camera bag and this is
gonna be a little untraditional unless
you are a traveling skateboarder you
probably won't fully relate to this but
I travel all the time and this thing has
everything I need to work and entertain
myself and pass the time because I'm on
flights for like eight hours sometimes
and I'm like what am I gonna do because
I my laptop dies after like an hour and
a half because laptops are terrible and
I have other stuff in here so I'm gonna
tell you guys my ultimate skate camera
bag setup first off this is a think tank
but it's an airport commuter the thing
is massive it barely fits underneath an
airplane seat it might not look huge in
the fisheye but I think is pretty big I
like to keep my bag right with me when I
travel I this has everything I do backup
files my computer everything I do is in
this bag so I need it by my side first
up it has a bunch of top pockets has
this one which I keep an immediate
anchor with a lightning cable attached
to it you can attach different things to
this and this thing will last forever
like you can get eight to ten charges on
your cellphone from this I can even
charge my laptop with this one because
it's a bigger one
it doesn't charge it a lot but it'll
keep it going for an extra like thirty
minutes which is awesome in the front
pocket I also got my Apple earpods these
are really sleek and fancy and Tony
Stark ish but I don't I don't know
they're cool but they kind of hurt my
ears so I can only use them so much a
lot of people like skate with them and
then just
with them in their ears I can't do that
but they are cool that the charge lasts
forever and they're dependable
if those hurt my ears I have this just a
basic pair of revived earbuds which
we've had these in the Shred quarters
forever
that's our online skate shop and I love
them they're good tylenol a sharpie a
pen floss I don't know why this is in my
life like as i flossed like at my house
or at the hotel room but apparently I
need it in my bag for some reason and a
paint pen which I don't remember ever
putting out in here so this might be
somebody's randomly but this is where
like I'd keep like anything extra like
just throw it in the bag front pocket
now the second pocket I have my iPad
which I have some movies loaded on here
I don't lose this nearly as much as the
other entertainment stuff I have in here
with the stranger things 8-bit game came
out recently and I was playing that so I
made sure I threw in my bag I usually
have my laptop I don't today cuz I'll
commonly not take my laptop because it
just weighs me down like if I'm not
traveling or I have a reason to have my
laptop with me I'll leave it at the
hotel room or my house or whatever
now the unveil before we move on to that
is so it's got a little uh here's
chapstick I got bonus chapstick in this
one and then this is a little thing so I
can like secure it to like a post or
like something but I very rarely have
this just laying out where it it could
be grabbed that it has a top pocket on
here which I rarely use here's some
bonus chapsticks - Wow I don't even use
chapstick that much maybe saver who uses
all the time three of them in there he
did and I'm just joking all right so the
big flap this is where everything is oh
we've got my camera okay this is a t7 I
I love this thing is so good it has a
Rokinon fisheye which is great for any
day everyday you tubing the lens is
actually scratched right now so I need
to get a new one that looks like it's
like it was in film if the light hits it
it looks kind of like a fuzzy dirty spot
on the lens which is annoying but
hopefully a few videos that will be gone
because I'll have a different lens um
this is a great camera the colors and
lighting are beautiful in it it's just
as easy as the other Canon t-series
cameras this is the best one it's the
newest one it's so good so I have a 3ds
which has Portable Nintendo games on the
fly it is super fun I've got like Elite
Beat Agents Smash Brothers Majora's Mask
Super Mario 3d Land just a handful of
really good games Mario Kart 7 which is
fantastic
I've got the red kind look of course I'm
gonna have a red 3ds I think I'm playing
Chrono Trigger on this now which this
will ultimately replace the 3ds entirely
this is the switch okay I've got my
Mario Kart which is the best Mario Kart
ever is on the switch I've got breath
the wild I got the new Mario Odyssey
which I just started playing and a
handful of games that I really don't
play but I have them for whatever reason
amazing system get a switch if you're
able to it goes anywhere with you you
connect to your TV in this right there
it's so good I have the kit lens which I
have some couple nicer lenses which I'll
get to in a second but this is the kit
zoom lens I actually like this times for
certain shots this one's heavier I don't
know sometimes I'm actually in spots
where I'd rather have the kit lens which
might not make sense but that's a thing
here's something super nerdy magic decks
so I grew up playing magic if it wasn't
for Magic the Gathering and card games I
wouldn't be skateboard that's how I got
into skateboarding is from hanging out
at a comic shop and Bryan Ames and I in
hotel rooms on trips we just play like
everyone so I will play games the magic
he is next to in his so he's equally as
nerdy I have a backup anchor so
sometimes I have to backup anchors I
have every chord you could think of in
here I have a USBC to lightning I have a
USB to USB see I have a backup regular
lightning cable I have a microUSB a mini
USB every cables right here I got my
dead batteries which I put them there so
I know to charge and when I get home
I've got this thing which a view of a
sore foot I'll show you guys foot pain
you stand up and do that and it's the
most the best massage you ever feel in
your life I got this one 50 cents in a
gumball shape machine in Hawaii and it's
changed my life okay in center pocket I
have some nicer lenses this is the this
is the e-series 17:55 zoom lens for
canon
it's nice glass I use this for like
talking shots in my youtube videos like
in my office or you know a nice quality
skateboarding trick zoom shot I'll use
it for that this is the fisheye which I
would use this for everything but I
don't like the stretch and that's
actually being used right Stephan my
film er is using it on his see it's kind
of a bigger stretch than I like for
YouTube videos I don't mind it but I
just I'll go to the go to Rokinon for
basic skating and YouTube but if I'm
filming like a clip for my video part I
would throw this on alright go back to
this here's a charger for my 3ds I have
a normal USB see which is what charges
the switch so that works I have some
backup I have to
things of backup hardware which I think
are supposed to keep this adjacent park
sorry Jason but it I typically do have
extra hardware I have a GoPro in case I
need to do any water shots or whatever
reason you need a GoPro and then I have
a hard drive in case I need to move
files off my computer on the fly I have
it I have a book I always have a book of
my thing and I read that new Harry
Potter screenplay
and I wanted to reread Harry Potter
which I've read like five times like
every single book so I have this in
there which I'm reading very slowly but
it's Harry Potter it's amazing in this
little pocket goes my laptop charger but
which is at home with my laptop I got
backup bearings and I've got a skate
tool I always have a skate tool I should
have wax in here I don't I never have
wax but I'm usually the people that have
wax so at least there's that the top
flaps so this is where my new batteries
go the new MacBook Pros are dumb and
they have they don't have like ports so
you gotta have like an extra thing for
your ports I have that and then in the
top in this top flap this mesh flap is
all of my SD cards and that's it that is
my ultimate skate bag I mean like
literally I couldn't from anywhere in
the world I can run my youtube channel I
can create content I can entertain
myself on going it's the greatest thing
in the world if this bag is held up for
so long I did a like a camera bag video
a while ago and I realized I thought
about the other day of how much my
camera bag has changed and I thought I
would give you guys the info hopefully
that wasn't long and boring but I'm
gonna do some skateboarding for you got
nothing special but I'll do a trick or
two cuz I got to film a real edit after
this video Brian told me to get it and
then he saw mine he was like yeah I'm
definitely getting it and I saw it and I
got the big one and then think about the
people that are gonna see yours and then
it says it's a pyramid scheme um and I'm
not making money from it this company
think-tank is totally making money
I'm not doing it again those were both
pretty lame but I'm warming up for an
actual skate edit so that's what you
guys get for that trick I couldn't back
them up couldn't do it I'm pretty sure
if you play that clip in Reverse it
would look like a note slide to fakie
how I landed it let's experiment
all right so that wraps that up just a
little bit little bit skateboard a few
guys I have to film a edit right now for
the we are avenged DVD coming out later
this month so thank you guys for
watching this if you guys want to see
more videos just click the subscribe
button right below the video and you're
signed up to see more that's it I hope
it's sunnier than it is here because it
looks and this is the worst son ever it
looks like it's about to come out that
it just doesn't so thanks
supposed to rain for the next three days
so I'm gonna go listen to Morrissey and
cry
I don't know no one understood that few
people understood that you guys have a
good one though I'm done talking crazy
yeah I always have one book in my bag
because I read a book every day
there's nothing more important than
skateboarding than knowledge did the pen
team in a sentence knowledge
Lamborghinis money garage Britain
garages backyards you gotta say it like
oh we'll do a hole yeah we'll do a hole
spoof of that dude one day don't worry
about it
