was that the best trick landed it down
the three block best flip trick best
butcher yeah that may have been the best
flip trick landed and got me ova we got
to save yourself SI bueno brandon
gallant okay do you have his name
tattooed on you somewhere because after
this video and you might want to get I'm
kidding don't go get his name tattooed
on you but he did it hard double foot
down that gap her double hard flip but
everyone i call it i personally call it
a hard double flip because a double hard
flip would tighten it would be too hard
flips and once but he did it down that
gap is that's the important part and my
gosh do you see how many high fives he
got he was like literally swamped in
high five well she completely deserves
cuz I was insane I just want to know
what i would do if i was there if i was
there when it happened I might throw my
shoe at him and he might be offended but
it's a good thing okay if you ever land
a good trick and you get your shoe
throughout you that's like the highest
form of Honor II okay and you can use
that word honoree but yeah that was an
insane trick as always over on Billy
hangings channel Billy sent me a handful
of footage and this is half it and I'll
publish the next half of it next week
and he always has like literally if you
haven't got it by now he has the best
footage on his channel so go check it
out it's him and his brother Sean and
his friends and they all kill it the
bottom link with the screen changes will
be a link to his channel to go sub so do
that and you'll like what you see and
then the top link up there well when it
flashes into a different screen is me I
do videos every single day so thank you
guys for watching this one I hope you
dug it to make sure you check out
Billy's channel and I'm gonna go and
I'll be back famo tomorrow all right I'm
gosh
you
