youtube what is up guys i'm doing this
video just give you a heads up that you
right now your self bob jane or whatever
your name is can win some stuff from
metro skateboarding we gots don't know
who metro skateboarding is kind of weird
because they are like a Goliath of
skateboarding on Instagram and they have
a successful YouTube channel here
they're just all around good dudes and
their kind of a big deal on the
skateboarding world every year they do a
king of the gram contest where anybody
can enter in a bunch of companies
sponsor the event so they give out
goodies and you win prizes and it's a
lot of fun so if you have an Instagram
account you can enter basically there's
gonna have a bunch of challenges that
are goofy and fun and skateboarding
oriented where you take pictures and you
hashtag king of the graham 3 and
basically they'll look it over and
they'll select winners for each of the
categories so if you want more info just
go to at Metro skateboarding on
instagram i'll put a link right down
there but get on your phone and just
look up Metro skateboarding on Instagram
they will have all the details and i
myself i'm actually gonna send out Joel
who runs Metro some live skate died DVDs
to hand out in this so so if your site
don't revive there's a chance to win our
DVD that came out earlier this year but
just so I don't leave you hanging I'm
going to post a bunch of footage of the
metro crew a little montage that if
you've seen my videos you've seen it
before but some of this dates back a
little more you haven't seen this
footage in a while so check it out but
mainly go to metro skateboarding on
instagram and then i will post a link at
the end of this video to their YouTube
channel metro day this is just a metro
day so here's some skateboarding and a
good luck with the king of the graham
three it starts today so get on it
Oh
I was so stupid in a good way
I'm walking through the field in my bare
feet at the end of the video wood is
neat and I was lucky to rhyme that last
word if I were messed it up I didn't see
a bird my thought I was gonna say absurd
but now I can be that predictable come
on people
