YouTube what is up guys this is the
day-in-the-life 23 I'm doing my day you
guys are watching it and if I go like
this kind of like like the girl on the
YT scuffs just saying oh of course you
put your blue hippo in front of the door
good morning
do you just wake up yeah and you were
like hey I gotta put a blue hippo in
front of the door and say okay someone
comes in what do you want me to do why
why do you want me to mow the lawn it
doesn't need to be mowed buddy I'll do
it later this week I'll tickle you now
though I got that for uncle Brian what
is it is it bacon soda or think he's
gonna like that you and go first
Oh babayka
badger okay shy do it switch left-handed
just like that oh you didn't see it here
you doing good good bye give me five not
in the rock fun this pot is expired you
don't get one oh there we go I'm a
sucker for it you always get fives buddy
I love you walk by have a hug bye I'm
gonna miss you or I love you all right
so I'm off I got a lot of stuff to do
today and the first stop is running at
the park I wish I could just cut that
out of my schedule so I have more time
for everything else but if I do that I'm
never gonna run the mall is gonna make
excuses so I'm going to run
all right so I'm at the park and you
know what for once I'm gonna take you
guys run it with me okay because I
always make you wait in the car it's
going down today I'm gonna show you what
it's like the run um Kitty might be the
worst thing in the whole world I'm gonna
put you guys in the car running done
I just ran a quick mile and now I got
stopped at gross store and then to the
warehouse I am totally at the grocery
store right now grocery store no big
deal
who and after carrying in a million
things or you know 10 I'm gonna sit down
to eat lunch and I packed lunch I think
this is the very first time I've ever
packed lunch like since like elementary
school I swear
so I made like the healthiest sandwich
ever like you are gonna lose weight by
me eating this see the freaking thing is
soggy I'm not gonna packing lunch this
sucks I'm gonna eat it though all right
so lunch is done I'm gonna get a jump on
orders for all you people to order
skateboards in apparel and all that time
to box up some skateboards what do you
know Bryan Ames got here early like he
always does he's always like taking into
the orders I'm I guess I can and then he
comes in while I'm doing the orders are
you doing Danny life too no I think
pictures of this one a dead egg and
Bryan brought me some Tylenol you know
what I'm gonna repay you Bryan I just
made your life so much better - that's
gonna be awesome it's gonna hurt yeah it
really is explain to MIT explain to
YouTube what that does i throws tennis
balls very hard at people you should do
a test at the box because i'm not let
you hit me with a first draft the balls
like kill someone
I really shouldn't got you that really
should oh my god how big this room at 50
feet 50 70 feet seven tivity yes 70 feet
oh my gosh
scary dude that you can't have this
you're gonna kill somebody with it
success it wasn't that exciting though
well you're his dartboard I didn't get a
prize guys we get another prize yeah
baking soda this one's terrible open it
up we're drinking it dude it's warm so
it's baked it soda
did you expecting to be refreshing there
you go Brian Eames ultimate after you
blusters fixins artificial bacon soda
it's warm
that's what McGivern oh it's warm it's
Cooper bourbon fake it smells so bad
smells like like like burnt bacon like
the burning up the part is making me oh
my god that's so formal
dude that bacon soda is that is ruin my
mouth alright so I'm gonna jump off
orders let him finish him up and I'm
gonna work on the new wheel company's
graphics and organize this desk man I
gotta unpack all the stuff it brought in
Thomas Thomas so hey drink it
I've never seen this in my life well
yeah because you were outside in it's
inside I'm going to think about this
it's like good and strange flavors next
am i that was pretty awesome
you like it I like it I do like it so
I'm trying to go on skating I'm a date
tonight and I gotta make reservations
for a restaurant and it's impossible
because every time I try to eat downtown
everything is full right right names are
gone I am finally going out to
skateboard with Thomas it's at a park
that's really not one of my favorite
it's really tiny and awkward but I
haven't been there with you guys so
let's go do this we're at Mason Park now
let's call it zero park because it's in
the shape of a zero and you just go
round and round and round and then you
hit boxes and you're like cool you got
new board
you got a new complete buddy yep new
trucks new wheels yeah you can show
those wheels that you want eating new
hardware the best part of it the bet the
very best part
escaped your one now we gonna spawn so
much go for us I have ten feet of roll
up all right so it's like 130 degrees
outside and I'm not do that again
but Thomas has got a few tricks you want
to get unmake 'add yes do it
lipslide to serve you show up a freaking
banana whoo
hey first one ever doing him now
all right welcome back five-o now
YouTube just thinks that you're not new
I don't know it's wonders
feel like if you bow Lupe's skated they
would land tricks like that every time
we just made this session with that
thank you for sitting with me my friend
thank you buddy I'll see you in the this
weekend have a good date night oh thank
you
where's my guy hey buddy hi Gabby
I missed you you missed you Gabby yeah
the joy poop I gotta go get cleaned up
and then I'm gonna come play with you
okay
clean dad right dad what are you doing
you watch me while you're doing that
grab the bat all right hit it
what kind of got hit the ball buddy hit
right here buddy
all right well we'll work on it oh good
job what do you what are you doing it
for what Oh dance dance dance dance
dance dance dance dance tickets okay is
it fun yeah why you like dancing
I don't either personally girls like it
though girls do you like it
oh no better Gandhi okay gonna be good
I miss you yeah you knew that sweetie I
love you bye-bye
will you look beautiful thank you are
you ready for date night I am more than
ready
okay I'm gonna still kiss before it
turns green huh and your dress way
better than me one definitely I'd
absolute Rock wearing jeans at a date ah
yeah but you make it look way better
than if I was in your ear clothes you
would better all right so we're here
we're doing dinner in a movies and I'm
not gonna take you guys with me because
I'm gonna relax with this lady and spend
some quality time and then I wrap up the
video later when I get back it's a good
game sounds right yes okay I guess
I missed you
totally that's all we shall Godzilla
there's a big monster it's pretty good
you don't like it someday okay so after
Haydn's built that all over the floor
we're gonna call it a night right yeah
we're gonna go home put you in bed
she'll yeah you give up at armpit Paul
don't you did dump it yes but that was
it was an awesome day I had fun and the
good thing about tomorrow is that I got
to spend more time with this guy right
buddy can you say bye-bye to YouTube say
subscribe or die come on bang okay but
don't die sit louder dude that don't die
ah louder
you're in the this weekend have a good
date night oh thank you I'm gonna try
it's gonna be rushed I don't want to be
rushed Thomas well sometimes think okay
you're getting creepy good goodbye buddy
you
