so when you watch that clip did you go
because if you did that was the
appropriate response cool that was were
pretty hilarious clip that was my friend
Jeff Phillips and you got to feel sorry
for him okay because we've all been in
his shoes where you're just super angry
to show him something stupid happens
that you just make sure that much more
infuriated I mean like he was walking
away to throw his board that he fell
like you know he wanted to like break
something whether it was a space or a
skateboard or maybe his skateboard space
maybe he's that level of angry like I'm
gonna break your face skateboard cuz of
the moment when the ground hit his body
he wanted to break it like if he had
super powers he would like kung fu chop
the ground into oblivion but they
couldn't do his tricks of you a dumb
idea so Jeff Jeff superpowers don't
don't smash the ground and I wasn't
there that day but if I was I kind of
would have wanted to hug it because I
feel so cuz I gotta know how mad that he
would have been but then you can't hug
him because then you be like why are you
hugging me mid skateboard only make it
more mad boral up to this video do not
hug an angry skateboarder ever but I'm
sure Jeff can sit back and watch that
clip now and just be like yeah that was
that was a hilarious moments and I'm
glad that got on film because as mad as
you are in the moment there is something
the back of your mind me like at least I
got it on film and when it's not on film
you're really mad so cameraman don't
miss things like that please but yeah so
Jeff was killing it when he's not
angrily throwing a skateboard and
falling on accident he was landing
tricks and I will show you a few tidbits
of Jeff on his skateboard performing
maneuvers
well
day
see I told you he killed it he used to
skate with me a lot years back and I
think lately he's been doing a lot of
fishing and camping which is good
because he's enjoying him your life and
relaxing and all that stuff I guess he
had one too many like I'm throwing my
board fall down to Bank on to the meat
concrete abruptly events in his life I'm
sure he gets on the board once in a
while but Jeff if you're out there hope
you're doing good and hope you guys dug
this footage I'll be back in two weeks
from the other another fall Friday and I
do videos here every single day so
subscribe my channel if you're already
not but I'm gonna go why is my chair not
moving because it's not because this
desk is shaped like a freakin like a
freakin vert ramp all right but I'm
gonna go tomorrow i have a new day to
life coming so tune in for that and i
will see you guys on the flippety-flip
I'm going to throw the lens cap at the
lens ironic
now i'm just a floating mouth and i'm
done video done
I
