it's where else Wednesday Tomas alvarez
what time is the buddy what time is it
Wednesday
get them tennis ball wrong it is
Redemption time my friend remember the
last time he didn't win these wheels
well it's time to do it again so you get
five minutes to warm up on the rail I do
big flip front board yeah 15 tries this
time because I really don't want to have
these wheels laying around anymore okay
so it's time guys are you excited for
Tomas to win the wheels five minutes
warm up Tomas who does the board slide
after the front board
yeah that was your best one
Thomas 15 tries big flip front four try
one do you think he's gonna land this
you know yeah you know what honestly I
think he's gonna buckle under the
pressure to hold up your wheel Thomas
show everybody how much you need new
wheels a flat that is and that's why
when you start skating the new wheels
the new company's wheels why have you
moved not gonna happen because they
don't flat spot you could have like
literally just murdered a vampire with
that say try fifteen
well you did it what do you got for your
like eating chips in the wheels here
wheels I broke the package I'm sorry man
I can't use them here the wheel man that
was so mean
say go Thomas Nagel people a Baker Baker
bagel hey can you say bagel
