Ethan Sullivan guys dude he is so good
hey you say that again I mean he is just
a guy that can skateboard I mean he
grinded up a rail who does that honestly
I don't not me that's for sure I don't I
like to think that I could if I tried so
maybe I should put that on my to-do list
but even can and then he pops tricks
like way higher than they need to be I
call those ozone layer trick yeah i
agree and frankly it just looks good i
like what happens but this was more
footage filmed by my friend Mason Miller
and I put it on his youtube channel and
he was like Andy I want you to put it on
your youtube channel so people can see
it so I here it is and i hope you guys
dug that video i always enjoy everything
Mason sends me and he puts a lot of good
stuff on his youtube channel so if
you're not subscribed to him the screen
is going to change and the bottom link
would be directly to his channel click
it and go give him subscribe and I enjoy
what you do and then you know at dinner
time when people ask you how your day
was blood you know what I subscribers
freaking Mason install Ethan destroy the
skate parks you want someone to say
you're not just really goes good you'll
have you want to talk about this so
you're welcome if you want to subscribe
to more videos from me I the top link
with screen changes will be me it'll
subscribe you to my channel but thanks
for watching check out Mason bottom link
and I will see you guys in the the
tomorrow later time
