YouTube what's up guys so I'm putting
together a brand new complete skateboard
I have everything new except trucks I'm
making a video about it cuz you guys
like to see it so I'm gonna keep making
them first up I have a red we are revive
deck eight inches has just some grip
tape and this you know is obviously a
good deck it's my company and I picked
the best wood and I love it this one is
one of my favorites just because how it
looks like I just love the color red
white and black you can't go wrong with
it it has a medium concave not too steep
not too mellow just an awesome shape
okay when people ask me like oh it has
an awesome shape the trucks I have a
Ryan and I want to take a second to say
these are probably the best trucks I've
ever had in my life
Oh Ryan actually hooks me up so if I
ever needed new trucks I could just be
like yo what up and they would send me
some but I don't need you like I've had
I don't know how long I've been skating
these and over a year easy and I skate
you know I mean you see all the videos I
make so I get wear and tear on these and
they are a perfect addition the bushings
aren't like going toward one side
there's still just as awesome as they
were when I got them and I know my gosh
I show up I'm not even gonna do a review
on these I'm gonna let all my videos
speak for themselves these are really
good trucks so iran trucks thank you
bearings i have done something fun okay
I finally cracked and got absolute Swiss
bones bearings I usually get Reds but I
decided to go with these these are
supposed to be the best and hopefully I
can skate faster and win better tricks
and whatnot you think I can read I think
I can't I got a new set of hardware I
always roll the shorties they've been in
the business for a long time and
it's good simple hardware short easy and
I also have the oldest set of shock pads
risers whatever you want to call them
this is actually for a truck company I
used to ride for when I was younger and
apparently they make really good shock
pads but they're not in business anymore
but either way these things have been
working for me for like ten years now so
I still use wheels are really fun these
are actually the prototypes of the wheel
company I'm about to start and I'd
actually tested it before and I loved
them but it's been a little while so I'm
testing it one more time and I am
excited to scan them again so they're 54
millimeter everyone skeet smaller wheels
these days I like 54 because you can
skate them for a while and then they
wear down and you can still skate them
you don't to replace your wheels as much
and bigger wheels means you're rolling
over so pebbles whatever you know you're
gonna roll a little better on 94 easier
to lend gaps all that stuff 54s are my
size
now shoes I got these to wear but
they're so comfortable and they feel so
good that I'm gonna skate them these are
the Hermann G sixes and they're very
comfy they're a lot like the Reynolds
that I wore just skating they have like
the the side mesh really good shape I've
worn them but I haven't actually skated
them so they're new but they're not
that's my set up I'm gonna put it
together and then I'll show you some
tricks of me actually skating it all
this
they'll bargain and give up your name
so here it is here's my new complete
skateboard and I'm so excited to skate
it am i I waited too long and it's gonna
feel good skating fresh new gear I
usually don't sticker my board but I
finally remembered and I put much
thought into it I kind of just threw
things on there but yeah I guess my Ryan
sticker is some of the five stickers and
then some concrete city which is where I
got the bearings and hardware Thank You
Steven so there you go there's my new
setup and I will show you a few tricks
that I'm gonna film on tomorrow
exciting stuff skateboard time
Ryden did you think I needed wheels in
my shoe
that's a logical place for them oh yeah
putting that together really well
