do your mom ever tell you not to go into
creepy bridges honestly that's a weirdly
specific thing for your mom to worry
about but do go under some weird bridges
because apparently there's amazing
skateboarding going on and skate parks
too but Wow okay yeah this is the second
video of Devin's flat ground craziness
and you're welcome I'm just gonna I'm
just gonna welcome you now because I'm
inside your soul and your heart and your
brain and all the stuff you're thanking
me because that was some great skate
footage this is filmed by Adam bass and
there are like I said before they're a
tag team so I hear their instagrams are
on the screen
follow them I'll put them down the info
too in case you're an iPhone or an iPad
or or a something so make sure you're
following them for more awesome flat
ground trickery and then whatever else
they post there are the good dudes
so get on that and maybe you'll see more
dev in the future maybe not so I'm gonna
do along the throw with my camera okay
just a long throw Oh scary stare up in
the Sun I was like
