YouTube what is up guys it is a
day-in-the-life 58 I think whatever hers
on the screen right now that's what it
is and this is a fun day but it's also a
sad day or what's your day like today
right and what are you doing for your
first day of elementary this is weird
for a parent this is where he's going to
school now which is awesome but at the
same time you know I love you buddy it's
weird because I can't just hang out with
them whenever I want to I can't just
take off work and hang out with them and
that's strange he's getting bigger
you're gonna do awesome buddy
dad's excited but it's also a little sad
at the same time I miss Avery but I
don't even know my friend oh you'll make
a bunch of friends buddy what was that
are you doing a photo shoot toast are
you helping you look at a shark buddy
I'm so proud of you I love you so much
you're gonna do great
okay I'm gonna pick you up from the bus
stop and you gonna tell me all about it
okay I love you have a good day at work
you have a good day at doggy daycare
does your puppy and you can stay home I
am on my way to work it's a unique day
at work because we are making tie-dyed
long sleeve tees by hand for our
upcoming fall release which is happening
really soon but that's what we're doing
today it's gonna be exciting I'm gonna
go get breakfast and call me first
there's the Sun if you didn't know where
it was in my face kind of an egg and
cheese protein box a grande cold brew
black
krei Andy hey Craig hey can't believe
you made it I knew you were gonna make
it when you told me you were coming I
was like because you have to drive house
if you ever get up so early fall I got
it for like 7:30 how's your body so
can't skate this guy can't skate and
when he does he's really good at this
that sucks you want this coffee can't
have a spit all right this is what we're
going for
yeah yes I think so and our dude Brennan
from we have become Vikings who's been
doing our clothes I do or ever it's
nothing yeah stoked on it so Jimmy good
let's make some custom tie-dye
yeah and I've never done this so he's
gonna intellection me so if you are very
lost and that you've never seen my
videos before from YouTube I started in
a skateboard company it was originally
revenge and it's now revived skateboards
and is weird that I'm doing this with my
life because I never thought that was
possible but yeah we're gonna do these
for the fall release that comes out in
one week I'm filming this beforehand
I'll even give you a sneak peek hello
jack this is the chunk logo with a
woodgrain background that's the only
freebie I'm giving you guys the full
product release will be this week on
Wednesday so tune in for that but let's
make some tie-dye shirts people oh it's
looking like it's gonna happen
yep it's dipped in this wash wring it
out and then it gets folded yeah but
it's too wound up first yes the Alvin
wound up whatever this is acquits high
died and then he gets bagged there's one
gallon bags they just let marinade yeah
it's gonna sit there and marinate put on
this cart there we have like stations of
people moving through doing everything
hey before we start working does anyone
do they get a hippie jump a chair
but I was like trying so hard
nothing to get it straight under it
trace them a little bit kind of get some
dye in there and the lighter stuff in
these grooves here that's how it's done
mm-hmm Hey do you want to eat at
Carolina Reaper while doing this right
now no but please come out for YouTube
dude I'm good on that oh my gosh it goes
out have you retired before now not even
when I was loaded you will split the
profits I really hope I'm not screwing
this up but you guys get handmade shirts
so when you get this
there's only give you like 100 of them
so you're one of people they get one of
these they're handmade
but in my Bester's face my face what's
the name Eric's face Brian okay so I'm
done with ties I think they're finishing
up right now but I have to get on some
work I got to go through so many emails
I got to do a bunch of things for the
companies for myself I'm gonna eat lunch
first I got some hummus I'm gonna watch
a last man on earth then I'm gonna start
tackling the stuff and I really hope I
have time to clean my office it's a mess
before I go skateboard because I am
skateboarding day it is beautiful
outside I'm working I'm sending out
checks candle emails and I am not gonna
have time to clean my office I never do
I never ever have time but I'm gonna get
it done as soon as possible I'm gonna go
skateboard at Ludlow skate park and I've
not been there in a while so I'm happy
actually I minded last time I did this
and probably was a Dana life I don't
know
let's just go I need to apply to so much
there's like doo doo doo to add to my
day we have
impromptu graphic meeting right now and
you're also a native Illinois currently
a JP okay so point this at this right
here what I got going until the life
lifeline like a long gated lifeline like
an actual on the monitor do you like
that maybe move it to the top left
goodbye messy office I will clean you
tomorrow I hope you think I will you
feel clean tomorrow no chance
thank you for all that you do here
thanks for all the work you do if you
guys need any skateboard needs we have
an online shop the shred quarters calm
we have our brands to revive skateboards
to force wheels all that stuff on there
or your logo shop you can always ask
them to carry it so support your scene
but if you don't have one we have this
skate shop for you if you even rain on
me sky
Oh Thomas is here it is always windier
and just crappier weather here i love
the sun shining so I'm not complaining
ball you got that new 3 lakh board oh
and then I do one trick and the Sun Goes
Away I just need you chop my finger
that's suck so I don't have a filmer
today Craig's nice on the film but he's
your skate so I'm gonna try to lay like
one trick and then I'm gonna fill my
friends that's what happens sometimes
just get into it doesn't like the
longest fish notes I've ever I've done
it before
Thomas nollie big late flip first try oh
my gosh just like that
I like barely landed a switch nose slide
today and you do that first try hey you
told me to do it first try so I did it
I should tell myself to do think
your party backside it was Reverdy buddy
was good think I was goodie at this end
I reverted over 90 degrees yes I got
hundred degrees that's your bearings yep
dude it it literally sounds like you
you're all you have an engine
oh I messed that clip up you did eat it
first dry and I was like oh I was like
the dad with the camera at his soccer
game for the first time dude that was so
good congratulations and I'm going
goodbye thanks for thanks for killing it
 he actually off-camera he landed
like 20 strikes he's doing so good today
thank you for helping Phillip
congratulations on life
all right I cleaned up and got this guy
from the bus stop
how was your first day what was your
favorite thing you did in school
my homework and cool you know what going
home from school like will definitely be
your favorite thing about your school
date when you're in high school yeah
well you just you just entered a new
world right and you're like this change
do you know that it has and dads very
proud of you I love you so we have a
list of things to do tonight because
we're just busy dudes so first thing on
this is Toys R Us we're gonna look at
some stuff mainly new turbo toy time
stuff we do have a toy channel where we
feature toys review them and then donate
them to families that can use them and
then we got a pickup toast our dog do
you want your dog back he's a doggy
daycare right now we're gonna pick him
up that dinner because you got to put
food in your face right here and I've
got to clean the house because this
place is a mess and you can help me with
that and then we got a practice karate
moves and then bedtime that's not good
mm-hmm Toys R Us first high five deuce
loaded you got it man you got to go for
this time I'm fine oh don't hit me come
on yeah we're we're going toget twister
us we are here ridin how to make him do
what you didn't last long
but you're gonna be a ninja there you go
you read all right ready to go get toast
you want a t-rex for a pet right
toasters back home so you do what have
welcome-home toast all right right in
are you just gonna play up there okay
I'm gonna clean the house a little bit
and then mom wants to meet up for dinner
we're gonna have hi bocce and that's
what we're doing it but after that the
karate moves we're gonna practice I
don't know why we're practicing karate
that's what we're doing today and toast
is just gonna sleep because that's what
he likes to do and order is just gonna
not say anything because she doesn't how
to speak English dude come to think of
it those are all plastic so I don't
think they were technically dishes I
don't care though but I filmed this clip
so maybe I do care I don't know hello
glass you make it funny
Hey carefully take these up to your room
okay all right
no are you turning it out of this get up
get off the ground carefully hey buddy
we got to leave you got to go in your
crate okay go in everybody but that's
why he's in daycare during the day
because we don't want to lock him in a
crate for all day he's a puppy and that
would not be that cool but he's good for
40 minutes so let's go get some hibachi
Ryden we're eating tacos what we're not
what right where we eating yeah how
about you master do not eat that
what does he run the cutest thing Eric
the dog or the boy what look on the blob
who ate everything there there he is
they probably cute moving around oh my
gosh there's a blob you mate you - how
dare you what's the first move you undo
all right there we gonna do it what that
was not a kick you just failed
all right here do it and jump and kick
the air and then land like sideways on
that okay so like make sure you get your
leg like up here okay do it
that was a ninja kick do ya do it Oh
Rose Kiki now that's pretty kinky
alright now do a super punch in midair
and then you go to the pillow oh okay
yeah punch the air and run oh you're the
bad guys yeah it's my view movies -
alright super punch down can you come
here out here right
it's really easy if you learn how really
good okay get the tops bottoms tonight
hey okay we're calling it quits for this
video I hope you guys liked hanging out
with me for the day it's bedtime for
this guy I'm gonna read him goosebumps
for reading a goosebumps
chapter-by-chapter
yeah and now we gotta go get it yes but
thank you for watching if you want to
see more videos from me just hit the
subscribe button right to below the
video you're sounding to see more videos
it's free and do them all the time and
this guy's in a bunch so I hope you guys
have a great day
go out and skateboard if you skate board
and you can if not do something fun
that's the wrong channel I love you yeah
you guys have a good night
it's a stuffed alligator can't eat you
to bread
YouTube what is up guys so I have to
explain this every week because people
don't read the first thing to see in the
video they just kind of react to it this
is a reupload of video yes yesterday
last year I mean there was this thing on
my channel where just like messed up a
lot of videos they weren't searchable
they didn't show up it suggested videos
YouTube was like sorry this wasn't meant
to happen we're gonna fix this but they
didn't it's whatever my solution this is
just re uploading them one by one every
Monday until they're back on my channel
because this is my job I made those
videos and I want them to be out there
for you guys to watch everyone backing
me up in the comments because I get so
many questions about this thank you very
much this one particularly I was really
bummed on because it's a day in the life
I had to upload a day in the life out of
sequence now like it goes like if you go
through my channel it's gonna go 57 59
60 58 like what but it is what it is it
was a very fun day I hope you guys
enjoyed rewatching it if you've already
seen if you haven't seen it I hope you
enjoyed watching it for the first time I
do videos here all the time I have a
brand new one tomorrow actually thank
you but you know most days of the week
I'm uploading brand new content not
re-uploads so if you guys want to see
more from me hit the subscribe button
right down below and you'll be signed up
to see more yeah tomorrow I have a
really fun skateboarding slash
fingerboard searching video because I
know a lot of you guys are finding their
revive finger boards out there well I'm
not gonna give it away I'm not gonna
spoil anything just watch the video
tomorrow then a new where else Wednesday
always new content thank you guys for
watching this I will see you guys very
soon with a new video and if it's nice
outside please go out and skate it's so
nice outside today and I can't I have so
many obligations due today
it's a brick in my heart so that's it
you guys have a good day do - - - and
I'm wearing this beanie because my hair
is insanely flat they look at it wait
what what what music GLAAD emails I
heard yeah that was great I love you
that was the bonus clip roll don't throw
that at YouTube don't throw this
