I have already eaten this before in fact
I made it with a Carolina Reaper on this
thing right and yet everyone is
uploading videos of this and my wife
wanted to see me do it in person so I'm
making a vlogger so today you guys gonna
hang out with me and inevitably I'm
going to eat this chip in front of my
wife because she's making me do it not
making me but if your girl it challenges
you to something you you know you gotta
you gotta stand up I guess I don't know
I'm gonna do it I don't remember it
being that crazy but we'll see and if it
is bad it'll be entertaining for you
guys so I have a friend in my office
how you doing her you why'd you come
over here oh just stay on my bookbag all
right hey you want to see a nerf gun
this thing is really cool watch see told
you do not need that Dart don't eat it
don't get it
nope good thank you eat that big heart
stuffed animal that's not even mine what
is let's go skateboard but I just
unboxed this this is a my dudes Daniel
drew yo and my kosterman sent me a shirt
of their new skateboard company Walt's
skateboarding videos Bryan's see a fake
tricks it does that's a good shirt we
might actually care these carry these
dudes decks when they get made but
they're starting to freestyle company
started a freestyle convict they did but
the decks aren't in yet so it's a
process
my wife has made me eat this today
really I got it right it was it worse or
easier than I someone commented on my
videos that it's 25% hotter you think
the new ones hotter I think it is that
sucks I got cramps this actually hurt
you that sucks
pretty hard we had a kid on a Reaper on
though I don't think Carolina Reaper did
much was primatology well that sucks
I really hope it's not a bad thing
because it's Halloween today I had I
don't want to be in misery when I'm
taking my son outriggers reading there's
someone in straight quarters oh that's
good that's a good start to this you
guys are actually working in here are
you how long you here for like 45
minutes
I uh do you want to film some steak for
me
rollerblade but I'm not too hot gave up
skateboarding every time I skateboard I
try to do something new at least new to
this skatepark you gotta do something
that makes you feel good I don't want to
just do my normal trick so fingers
crossed
I don't do it nollie shove-it front
board you're done that
rock n roll new trick time nollie
shove-it front board on paper is I think
it's easy I've never actually done it
before though get some wheels 25% off
just getting the sails over by the time
you watch this I'm going to give it my
100% I'm gonna try to land it first try
of my life okay you can keep it rolling
did that was that 50/50 or feeble that
would be I wouldn't feel great about my
day
like I want to do one we're like I go
like that and turn out not just like I'm
not unhappy there's a new move thank you
let me see it thank you we see it whoo
okay so I landed a new trick kind of
sucked after that but either way it
feels good to do something productive
and accomplishing a goal I'm gonna go
home and get washed up and start to prep
for Halloween I actually have something
really cool to show you guys if you
watch of the video where ride and I
decorated our basement for Halloween a
couple weeks back well it's super
finished now and I look scary and
awesome and I'm gonna show you guys and
I'm gonna eat that ship it'll be fun
we're gonna get in costume so uh let's
keep on going oh I just smashed my
camera against the wall it's fine you
think I'd be better at this been doing
it for years
hey pie hey man I'm leaving cool I'm
gonna go eat this good luck would you
like it Earl yes you would yes you would
he's gonna have it
all right so I'm home I got washed up
and my wife who is not working today
baked cakes but they look amazing we
this he's hidden here fantastic where's
the other one okay I have no idea where
the other one is but she left a mess
with this and then she had to leave so
I'm waiting for writing to come home and
then I'll show you guys the house and
all that fun stuff but I'm gonna clean
because this is good drive me crazy and
it's going to suck look at this but to
make this fun I'm at least gonna sing a
song about how much this sucks
that was it insanely lame song but
that's what you got so I didn't do bad I
had 30 minutes look okay yeah dishes be
gone except these guys they can stay
right here I have got to do some
computer work and then writing should be
home any second just like that writing
is getting home right now blue ninja how
the costume thing go at school okay yeah
it looks awesome
ptosis Thanks hi babe so have a school
did you guys like just party the whole
day since his Halloween yeah do you
learn something what you learn you
forgot what you learned go back to
school go back to school learn it yes
right now go back to school it is not
Halloween anymore it is school time that
we're gonna unveil the basement at which
ride and he's seen it but he hasn't seen
it with the cool lighting he's gonna
experience at the same time you guys do
it's just not gonna look as cool because
the sunlight is pouring in but it like
come on one look at this mirror you seen
this it's an infinity mirror how cool is
that here I'll hold you up okay
can you see like really far down into it
it just goes on forever isn't it is it
like a tunnel in the wall yeah go home
ooh then we have the big fog machine
down there which we're not gonna use we
use the smaller one though we got creepy
Jenga what
there's the lantern yeah the red lights
creepy right the arcade machine very
spooky this place is cool it's purple
hey go to the bathroom go to the light
on the bathroom
purple bathroom with creepy stuff and
then there's that guy I'll go scope yeah
I love this thing and then look dress
world Ghostbusters original poster
stranger things touch it did that burn
you it's just fake right here come over
here right and watch this see the
gargoyle hey we might let's let's
actually turn the lights on go through
the lights on for this one okay hey I'm
gonna press this button and look at this
guy yeah I know you it's pretty cool
though isn't it it's spitting out so
much all right so I thought this list is
really cool it took so much to make this
happen like we barely got it and done in
time for the party
I'm but to this Halloween so we're gonna
get drama to get dressed you're already
kind of dressed you need your swords
right oh yeah and your mask
you're really gonna sit on your iPad
when a Ghostbuster is here look at this
thing alright so this thing is legit ok
wait this pretty cool huh what
you want fruit roll-up alright hey ninja
tomamos else tomamos house
apparently it's hotter like ya don't
know if you watch the original I did was
it was like a slice of Carolina Reaper
on it and I was fine I know Brian did
shows and forth all right so this is the
this is things like a thing right now
have you seen a bunch of is these posh
there's so much seasoning on it too
am I really in for it like I mean the
next 30 minutes might be terrible so I'm
just gonna go for yes like the one I had
was not discovered in seasoning all
right so much seasoning on really cool
packaging now yeah it's down it's hot
you doing okay
I usually okay with these things yeah
but I do want milk right start sweating
I might unzip this like right now
they won't faint like yeah let's ha I
mean these things like now it's really
good enough what such is that aggressive
I have like beat some chips like still
in my mouth I'm just gonna suck I'm
starting to sweat
is this boring you are 20 no it's hi yes
you're super hot as long as they don't
get stomach cramps us where's my eyes
are watering
he's gonna sit here in pain yeah it's
gonna suck for like 10 minutes probably
no good like sweating it yeah look like
a tomato oh my head's starting to like
Wow Wow oh I wish I wasn't wearing this
much of clothes why I wear this many
clothes I'm calling it how does the most
glorious thing the world just completely
cancels it I'm probably a really boring
person to watch it be hot so cuz I just
gotta sit here I mean you're really
sweaty designer painting happy Halloween
yeah that's way hotter in the first end
so you might do this next no space it's
just one chip I'll try to get up still
like I start moving around and being
functional you know I couldn't talk it's
starting to build needle Ian's painting
then it sucks to breathe
are you just ruin your night well I'll
be fine
but whew it's so much hotter oh this
sucks
so it's settling down now that was
really hot if you guys watch Bryan Ames
channel you know that I could I can take
some hot stuff that was like 10 times
hotter than the first time I ate that
you okay I'm gonna be okay
love you buddy are you ready from heart
you're eating what okay I ever turned it
to the living and I'm going to go trick
or treating so thank you guys for
watching this vlog is so Dryden show us
what you do oh my gosh you can do it
slowly right so thank you guys for
watching if you want to see more from me
just click the button of right below the
video and subscribe and you're signed in
to see more and then we hope you guys
had a great Halloween earlier in the
week and you're dropping your swords and
in just don't do that I'll help you with
that you guys have a good one peace out
say goodbye you speak for a lot you
speak a lot for a ninja good responsible
forty minutes later and I threw up and
now my chest and stomach is in so much
pain
there's my update for now I feel as bad
as I look oh my gosh so after the me
throwing up happened I've been going
through waves of pain in my stomach
why'd you make me do this I did it to
prove my manliness to you and I'm
titling us video she made me do it I do
this all the time like all the time with
Bryan Ames I was like on the the
bathroom floor just in pain my fault all
right guys well you guys have a great I
think this I think I've done if it keeps
going I'm not and I'm killed still in
pain and I'll tell you about it but I
hope you guys have a great day you want
to do what no thank you
oh my gosh you're a ninja well I'm a
good guy don't get me
I'm literally Ghostbuster don't get me
