when mason sent me this footage I was
like oh my gosh this is beautiful okay
the sky the palm trees the Sun
everything about it was awesome and then
Andrew started landing a bunch of tricks
and I was like wow this is equally
awesome and it was literally it's
literally xscape rating paradise that's
what the first thing came in mind cuz I
was like I want to be there right now
and I'll be landing those tricks and i'm
not i'm not there right now i'm in
gloomy ohio and i can't learn the tricks
it's kinda depressing when you think
about it but andrew oliveira can and
yeah that was filmed by Mason Miller and
he has a YouTube channel and he films
very talented people like Andrew
Oliveira and good good content so the
screen is gonna change here and the
bottom link is going to be a link to his
channel and this could be a picture this
is gonna make you want to go over to
Jenna's gonna bake her in bed yeah i
would like to click that and i would
like to go over that channel if you want
to see more for me i do daily videos
here on YouTube like this one so the top
link will be to subscribe to my channel
but mainly check out the bottom link and
Intel Mason keep on doing what he's
doing and tell me Andrew to keep on
shred and like he's shredding but I'm
gonna go guys I'm gonna get out of this
muggy gloomy weather and that's it I'm
just I'm just always telling you what a
minute
you
