you
welcome
05 me that's the hardest you have done
in my life as the heart stand up I'm
sorry for asking for a 5 get to scoop me
yes that was hard it was really hard to
do a kickflip one out looking and throw
a dart down a gap and land on the
dartboard not easy and I know a lot of
you people have already seen this
because this is in one of my videos
called we armage 42 but when I do fancy
red it's like this I like to put it up
online by itself so people can watch it
and share it and just that you know they
don't have to watch the whole episode 2
to get to it or whatnot and I like to
think of this is worth another watch so
I hope you guys enjoyed that I kind of
want to do another one of these not and
we aren't revenge episode but just stand
alone like urban dirt-boarding too so if
you guys like that idea go down there
and give this video a thumbs up and
maybe when Sam and I are goofing around
with a video camera again we will get
one of those done so stay tuned i do
videos here every day so if you're not
subscribed to me hit the subscribe
button and I'll be back in the future
darting and not darting i'll be doing
other things that do not involve darts
subscribe or die you know what it's been
a while since i've said that
you
