I could barely Ollie impossible okay I
mean I mean barely but I can't late flip
and then Devon can do both all at once
you know what I kind of think that he's
the first one to do it like this cuz I
looked it up on YouTube and I saw people
doing this Ollie imposter which is kind
of different cuz I feel like it kind of
like pressure flick things I don't know
do your research skateboard analytics
but do Devon just straight up does the
ollie impossible then late flips with
his back foot like a like a dude like a
freaking dude dude so it blew me away as
did the other tricks that the board
flips in great ways and I like what
happens so I hope you guys dug this this
was filmed by my buddy Adam bass and
they're like a tag team they like they
go under bridges and they come up with
footage like this and it's insane
someone to put their instagrams on the
screen right now and I'll put it down in
the info make sure you follow them for
more awesome stuff like this they're
always doing these I think like once a
week they're trying to do weird flip
trick videos so get in on it
I'm actually gonna post more here on
YouTube too so stay tuned here but yeah
you know what you woke up not knowing
that that was gonna happen today that's
what you should just assume that these
things happen because I know Devin
tavern thank you guys for watching and
subscribe for more videos like this
later dudes
