wow that is hands down the best thing
you're gonna watch today it's literally
the best thing in the world because when
someone is scanning a dumpster it's like
you this could end really bad you could
stick you could fall in the dumpster you
could fall to the ground because your
face gonna hit your testicles get hit
your arm get everything you could hit
other people's body parts it's so
dangerous and when out started to fall I
was like oh my gosh this is it it's he's
gonna slide the space across the
dumpster on the ground and everything in
between but that is right arm just
completely saves the day and Alex you
better thank you right arm because if it
weren't for that like you would have
literally fell onto your head it would
be bad i would not be i would not be
laughing about this in that video i
would also want to point out that he
liked ejected a box for the dumpster
with style I mean he has him Jackie Chan
this on him right there and after nearly
having a heart attack by falling in the
dumpster he got back up and still landed
followed by the most awkward hug in the
world so it kind of did a line
oh it's good it's good
this ball actually happened a long time
ago we were filming for we are avenged
aight i do believe and we saved it
because we think the best thing in the
whole world it ended up going on montage
towards the end of the video i think in
lifts Kate died and live skate died is
Mike skateboard company's full length
video and we want to grab a copy of it
to our link to our website will be right
down the info as well as Alex's channels
so alex is a great skateboarder funny
and he makes really entertaining videos
so check his channel out to be down the
info but yeah I hope you guys dug that
video subscribe for more daily videos
just like this and then I'll be back
tomorrow because daily means every
single day oh do far too far bye
gotta give him props though for going
back cuz you know what I've fallen it's
really freaky like he'd get freaked out
I'm like yeah yeah I'll just I'll just
hang out I think I'm done remember we go
back it's always nice to get a so it's
nice to get a fall in a land so maybe i
will go back maybe i'll just juggle
you
