haha Oh hat jug head Doug how's it haha
oh this is not a product placement not a
good idea I'm not sure what I was trying
to accomplish by that not a good idea I
thought the beer was heard but the lips
I don't have them anymore but Doug
gesture tells okay through the legs
around the body yeah that happened and
you saw it in if you're not impressed
you're wrong you're just in denial
because you probably can't do that no no
offense I mean there's people who can
that's awesome not gonna lie I can't do
it that's just pure wizardry because I
see Pete you know you see people do one
or the other all the time but doug is
the first person I ever saw do it both
at once and Doug if you're watching this
right now you need to go out there and
do it twice okay i challenge you to find
a no slide where you can do it long
enough where you can go through the legs
twice and around the around the body
twice and then I will really have
something to brag about I'll be like
yeah Doug Doug people I'll meet people
in public for the first time like I my
name's Andy and Doug they're like what
your name is Doug too and I'm like no
I'm just talking about Doug and they're
gonna be confused but I'm not because I
saw him to the double through the legs
around the body ya know businesses some
footage that never hit any of my videos
and I was like this is good enough for
its own video my gosh Doug so if you
guys like that with the screens but has
changed and you're gonna hit the bottom
link and that would take you over to
Doug's channel he is an amazing
skateboarder and he has a lot of awesome
footage she does a really regular
content so you need to be subscribe to
that so click that bottom link and then
the top link will be me ok and you get
daily videos just like this here but
mainly click the bottom like to check
out Doug but I'm gonna go guys and I'm
not going to take my face that was a
mistake and this giraffe seems to agree
with me oh that would hurt a giraffe I
mean like I feel like their skin just
looks like you would and that is when
you know you need to end the video is
when you start talking about taping
giraffes faces sorry draft sorry YouTube
sorry Andy and I know Doug goodbye
