youtube what is up guys so it is
question-and-answer time i asked you
guys ask me your questions and you did
so on facebook and now i'm going to go
through them and answer a handful them
there are over 1300 questions so i'm
going to try to get the ones that a lot
of people are asking but i'm sorry i
will not be able to answer over 1300
questions but let's begin p taylor asks
what are your views on Richy Jackson
thinking variable flips are like bad or
as others think gay ah Pete Richie was
actually joking with that video he's
kind of making fun of it basically
everything on his show is kind of making
fun of something in some way and he
pretty much thinks that you know
whatever skateboard trick you want to do
do it do what you want like there's no
stupid trick in skateboarding some
people might think very awful stirred um
I person think that cool I will next
time hang out the Richie I'll ask him
what he personally thinks but Richy
Jackson doesn't actually hate on people
to do very well folks I promise Billy
Andrews asks will you ever come overseas
the skates like Australia and yes Basque
width is in Australia so dude I've been
telling that dude I've been coming I'm
gonna show up at his park randomly
without him knowing for like years now
so yes I will one day skate Australia
that's that's a definitely goal TJ
Arnold says shock up at al yes yes DJ
Arnold I liked it I liked to see that
type of stuff thumbs up for inside jokes
from high school Carrie Elliot says do
you miss working in olive garden and
yeah I don't miss working at all got a
lot of people don't know but I worked in
olive garden like during the early
stages of my channel and I definitely
don't miss working at it but I missed
the people like carrie i was an awesome
group of people would work with and
there was like family so I missed I
missed that aspect but serving tables
yeah really glad that's done with
Cameron Cairney says do you like Taco
Bell and as far as fast food goes taco
bell is one of the few that i can do you
know there's some things that I can eat
where I'm like I'm not eating something
the horrible but uh so yeah thought I
was alright I can do that Ted condon
says how do you get the balls to do
handrails that big if I saw Hollywood
High I would poop a brick and go home um
well you work your way up like I've been
out of the hand road game for a while so
I would really like to warm up one like
an eight sir before hitting like a
bigger rail and it's more of a mind game
with rails like you know do your Park
rails and then find like a good seven or
eight stair and then work up to a ten
and then you just you just do steps up
to it and a
I was skating the Hollywood 12 a few
weekends ago and I was like you know
what I'm gonna do the 16 so I skated the
12 I warmed up on it and then I just
tried the 16 it was horrifying but you
know I ended up landing it and I
unfortunately never touched it after
that board slide but um you just work
your way up to it you know you gotta
find the next step up Sam Templeman says
do you think the team will travel across
the states if so where we travel I would
you know what honestly we're trying to
this year I really need to get it
organized a week you can do something we
will be in California at the end of the
year that's for sure but I want to do
like a west coast East Coast thing like
where we go from like Texas like across
the southern part of the states and then
up California and then like we'll take a
break and then we'll go over the East
Coast and like go from like New York
down to Florida so that we cool on the
Navy like try to fill in some gaps in
the center of the country but um it
takes a lot of planning and my life is
just so crazy right now I actually need
to bring on more people working revived
like the actual business part of it so I
can kind of do more stuff like that but
yes it's going to happen one day I
promise Cole Roman says what was your
first deck if you remember and it was a
hook ups Charlie's an angel spoof I do
remember i do remember cold Dave
Robinson says the new transformers movie
or Godzilla Godzilla all the way I think
we're overdoing transformers purfling
like four very suddenly a movie needs be
on the fourth one but Godzilla's good
pretty good pretty good we have this
daily Britain asks how old were you when
you started skating I was 14 years old
which to me is kind of late you know
obviously there's no age where like you
should or shouldn't skate like no matter
what age you are if you want to skate
skate and have fun but like when I see
like 12 year olds out there like killing
it I'm like man I was sure to start that
early 14 that's the answer though Danny
bird says were you ever in a serious
relationship before you met your wife
and yes I pretty much have been been in
all serious relationships like I'm going
to kiss seven girls in my entire life
and I'm not one of those dudes I'm not
one of those dudes just like oh yeah hey
I'll meet you and then not have anything
to do with you later on but the only one
that really mattered was my wife so I
don't really care but that dancer yes I
was Sean Peckham says what one song gets
you most pumped State of the Union rise
against I could punch myself in the face
during that song and I'll be like this
is great i'm gonna do it again Jason
Girsky says when you launch your wheel
company we have a new team or will you
use the revived team and it will be a
separate team for sure it's gonna be a
separate company and I early in a sense
it or separate it's a separate brand
entirely so definitely a different team
some of the guys from her vibe will of
course be on it but not all of us Joseph
black Hall did you personally know all
the people and revive team before they
joined yes I the only person i didn't
like really know was Josh but I had
communicated with him online and I'd
watched his videos and I kind of knew
who it was but no one gets on her vibe
just by like hey can I be on like okay
late it's a family so like anybody that
gets on like everybody on the team is
cool with and it's just it's like sort
of like yeah you know you're one of us
so it's just it's it's a group of
friends that are kind of like a family
at the same time and if they share the
same vibe and passion for skateboarding
that's really what it is Matt d Haas
says there's reason your style is so bad
and I definitely don't try to be
anything more than I am so I skate and I
want my skating to come across how it's
supposed to look like just how I skate
I'm not gonna try to fake anything or
make it look a certain way like I want
my skating to be what it is and I'm
sorry you don't like that I kinda look
like a cowboy when I skate but if you
don't like that don't watch my vids or
don't watch me and my vids I don't know
close your eyes when I'm on the screen
Nate Bellinger says have you ever been
out of Ohio to skate besides California
Pennsylvania and absolutely i've been to
New York Washington DC Arizona I mean
Kentucky Indiana of course Atlanta
Florida Tennessee Alabama like the list
goes on I've been like a lot of parts of
this country in skateboard Leah fake
apple says what is the cutest / funniest
thing ridin has done and is a tough one
I'm gonna think about this hmm I don't
know if this is possible like I really
don't like today he just walked out to
me as a dad and I was again and he was
like I love you I was like I love you
too that was adorable or the time she
just runs up and hugged me for no reason
those are probably the times I'd really
hit me like oh my gosh I just want to
never leave your side is the best thing
that's ever having me but my wife just
point out something that's pretty funny
that she walked in and he was sitting
there in the morning like 830 a.m. it is
a lotion out in his toy dinosaurs and he
was putting
motion on the dinosaurs if they needed
it that's up there that's up there Flynn
Blakemore Carslake says if you didn't
skateboard what would you do and that
stuff I probably would be doing
something in the world of either video
games like designing him those always is
like I so passionate about video games
even though I don't have time for him
anymore maybe I'd be more successful
writer who knows or I might still be
doing video I really like working with
video I went to school for it then oddly
enough change my decree but I love doing
it so I'd still be making goofy videos
hopefully i like to think but life
without skateboarding I'll be weird mmm
Edgar villa has a good question i'm
sorry if I've ever answered this I don't
remember answering it but get off the
screen facebook but he says if you had
the opportunity to obtain one superpower
I was so good remember they were going
to obtain one superpower what would it
be I've thought well about this okay
it's either to stop time because I'll be
fantastic and I couldn't stop time like
for whatever reason well if I'm if I'm
guess I really should be able to pick
anything but my second my backup plan
would be to be invisible pretty awesome
flying really hard to resist you know
all that stuff but speeding gonna stop
timing don't do anything you want that's
it that's my story get off the screen
Facebook get this stuff off my face
screen Calvin Fairbrother says has there
ever been a time where you have chosen
the skateboarding over a relationship
girlfriend and no because I'm a firm
believer if like if you're with someone
they're gonna love you for who you are
and that's something it if something
makes you happy like skateboarding the
heck I want to be like hey uh you're
skating too much so no I've always
balanced my time so you know you always
make time for what's important including
your girlfriend or you know wife of
course and then you have time for
skateboarding as well and I would never
be with a person who like wants me to
like hey you do this or that too much
like it's like this is just you know
feel like that shouldn't be an issue in
like a true relationship and with that
said don't neglect your loved ones you
know like if for a girlfriend or wife or
whatever or brother-sister your father
like make sure you spend time with BB
love because that's really what matters
in life you
I was gonna get cheesy at some point
this minute didn't you into I'm
Facebook's on my face gosh but I'm gonna
end it there guys hope you guys dug this
week guys learning some that you wanted
to I will try to do this again next
month and I like to try to do this once
a month but sometimes my like my just
life is crazy and I don't have time to
sit down and actually do all this and
ask the question before hand and I just
kind of stuck at doing this sometimes
I'm sorry but if you want to get in on
it next time the URL to my facebook is
right here on the screen and give me a
like and then what I do is I just put a
post saying hey ask me questions and
that's when I go through them so hope
you guys dug it and i'll be back in the
future and uh that's it that's it don't
saw my hand couldn't Oh see it but uh
either way it was stupid
you
