hey it's we want revenge
whatever i'm sure this is the face of a
failure cuz they're idiots we're not
going to skate naked work we're going to
skate absolutely are going to skate
naked oh oh you got me sorry it wasn't
in Georgia
slo-mo Claire success didn't even give
me a high five I here to know or do
later well you're not expecting it okay
you can hear me are you filming
skateboarding tricks right now you want
to hit me in the face yeah all right
okay boo boo it's coming right oh let's
go that's your face on YouTube there's
my face
came off one armed baby issue not a five
is yes but what what was that you got
Batman gold white gold and this serpent
down and explained like Hawaii to Y
dawnus observe an entity jumping in
their bikinis by the time we get to the
skatepark the one ring is going to
consume me even walk this is like a
journey do not know what the one ring is
now get it well get out get out of this
episode Wow get out get a while
if you have never seen those Clips
before then you are red not a subscriber
to Alex hbu news channel that's just not
a smart idea but yeah these are we are
avenged clips that never made it to the
actual videos and we're like hey people
want to see this footage so we put them
into a video every time we do an episode
and we release a bonus clips video on
Alex buena channel and if you're not
subscribe this channel you're not seeing
this stuff so I just kind of did like a
best of of our bonus clips and then made
this video for season 4 and we are
already like three episodes into season
5 so you know when I get done with that
next year I'll do another one of these
but if you want to stay up to date with
all the clips that are coming out that
are not in the actual episodes you need
to be subscribed to Alex beginnings
channel the screen is gonna change here
in a second it will be the bottom link
and yeah he has an amazing content I
mean like the we are entrenched I was
there but he has so many creative and
funny skate videos and you need to check
it out so click that bottom link if
you're not subscribed to me the top link
will be me and I'm sick and I'm losing
my voice right now but uh click the
bottom link check out Alex and enjoy all
the videos that's a baby kangaroo you
didn't know that unless you did and then
you did
