hit you in the face sir mark is he uh
now okay the shadow made it look like
there's a huge bump but it was just the
shadow you
string on the toe cap like the just the
plain Brian it dude don't do that why
not oh I got so bad I got so bad
oh he's still here yeah we probably
shouldnt be in heaven for the shut house
you liked yours that's perfect
this is a slow swirled all right how you
do it we get a really stupid video
coming to youtube video oh I'm getting
you that's what i call bonus trick what
do you say about that trick oh cuz what
I don't think that was that boy before
you was yeah you trying one for the
lipslide to fakie right thinkin chances
wanna give it me I get up five times a
night to pee sometimes I don't p diddy
yeah hey let's get back to business
stuff when i'm sitting on the crap i'm g
medio puddin video got Dylan spot so I'm
gonna make a video
can I get now don't shake your head they
could do that was perfect yeah look
people who are clapping nope hey the
video is about to go den an den it's
over
he's a dude gigantic gap
