because we're going to challenge Thomas
right now are we what are we challenge
them to well you just wait the
information is about to happen Thomas
get over here buddy hey do you want to
win something about a set of wheels yeah
okay you're gonna pick your obstacle
rail or box yeah with one rail rail and
then you have five minutes to warm up on
it and then after that five minutes is
up I'm gonna tell you a trick you land
you have ten tries if you don't land it
you don't get the wheels anyone got
involve a big spin it would not involve
a big spin I wasn't thinking of a big
spin I'm the one thinking to the tricks
Thomas so grab your rail huh and you
have five minutes
better warm up with some flip tricks you
might just have to flip your board I'm
taking three flip flip I'm gonna give up
nose around again he can't do that it's
your eyes it all right Thomas you don't
know your challenge or what is the brand
names three flip flip all right let's do
it well I'm not I'm not doing it I'll
film it I'll do it we do it I'll give
you guys 10 trucks we get these but
let's do it and we're not going to
sugarcoat this if you don't land it you
don't get them try one that is the
loudest rail in the world I can hear
what my deaf here dude try 50 you have
this brand new set of wheels Oh three
more tries
one more bunny one more
oh all right you know what I'm gonna do
Thomas I'm gonna set these over in a
freaking cubby hole over there yeah you
can come back next week they try to re
reclaim your prize alright will you land
the three flip for YouTube yeah and okay
My Fox hope is that well you really
missed still owe you you hit me with the
tennis ball while I hit him with the
shoot all right put on my foot put on my
foot come on come on oh that's never
gonna happen
alright so there's an idea for every
week we have little like challenges and
goof off skate sessions in the warehouse
so if you guys like that idea give this
video a thumbs up and we have one more
film so you're getting one more either
way so every Wednesday be a warehouse
video and a life be good and subscribe
for more videos like this but I'm gonna
go house big are you next I say I'm next
I guess sometimes am pathetic you're
pathetic ooh touche to shaves away
