I
I'm
Oh
I almost do not have anything to say
about how awesome that was like that was
seriously the perfect level of
excitement in a skate edit here hi jigs
you had your comedy you had your
skateboarding it was just it was perfect
my buddy Pat sent this over to me and I
was not expecting the most entertaining
skate edit ever I watched that and I was
like I was like I'm ready to go
skateboard right now let's go do
something so I hope you guys liked it
i'm not going to go on about it it was
amazing and that's that's all you need
to know and you're gonna get more of
that over at play factories youtube
channel the screens about to change and
click that bottom link it is oh my gosh
tell Pat good job okay so get onto guys
their up and coming and they definitely
do skateboarding correctly so check it
out I do daily videos so in the street
and changes for me it'll be the top link
to subscribe to my channel but get over
to play factory is the important part of
this K and I might feature a more stuff
of them in the future so look out for it
but tune in to them and I'm done I'm
done ah we have seemed to find a cat in
a window no a reason is affectionate
right now is because he wants food
you
