have you ever been one of those people
they're just like I want to learn a new
skateboarding trick yeah I want to be
like rodney mullen gonna be like Daewon
krieger all those people well then
you're gonna watch this video you're
gonna find out a little way to help you
kind of attempt those tricks to learn
how to skate 10 I'm not actually to
teach you how to do a specific trick but
this kind of give you like the general
idea like alright this is what I need to
start doing to try to get to that level
because I'm kind of doing it myself and
I used to be a lot tecar than I was and
this is the kind of strategy I used so
uh listen up people it's not really not
that big of a secret find a good
obstacle that's not too low and not too
tall like this is kind of good this is
like a little under knee height okay and
approach whatever trick you're trying
I'm trying a switch nose slide three
flip out or big flip I don't know what
you want to call it in what you're
watching right now but I approach it
very slow and it's okay to stop a little
bit to get your feet set up and do your
flip drink outs or shove it or each
other or whatever you're trying okay
this kind of gets your like feet in
motion and eventually like you do it's
sketchy sketchy sketchy and over and
over again and you're gonna get better
at it your feet are gonna know what to
do better and faster so you keep this up
and eventually you know assuming that
you're bench or ledge isn't too short
you'll be able to can do like a long
slide or grind and try your trick out
without stopping and be really smooth
with it so just give it a few goes
honestly like whatever it is even if
you're like at a level where you're not
doing like shove it's out of nose slides
like try it really slow and get
comfortable sitting on the ledge and
then doing the shove it out and
progressively try to better yourself and
do it faster and faster and honestly
eventually you're gonna live now with
this trick with the trick I just landed
I haven't done this trick at all that
was probably the best one I've ever done
and I stopped I definitely stopped a
little bit it wouldn't be like video
part worthy but I want to get to the
part where I'm doing that consistently
and I could throw it in a line in a
video part and this is my starting
around right here so I feel good about
today I hope that gives you just a
little insight on how to try it
obviously if you can't like Ollie or do
the basic grinds and slides you can have
to watch you know you have to learn the
basics before you step up to this but
honestly give it a whirl
okay people and if I land another one to
be smooth it's give me my video part not
on YouTube so in like two years
watch out for my video part of might be
in there and if it's not you're gonna be
like
Andy why are you sweating so much and
also another perk is that you can total
and the sketchy and go home your friends
like hey man I technically did a nose
slide hard flip out and they were like
what Jimmy's freaking good and then
everyone goes gonna be on school telling
people that you can freaking no side
heart flip out even though you did it a
mile an hour and it was sketchy but then
Kimberly in freaking math class she's
gonna be like oh my gosh heart flip out
of a nose long
oh dude this is the slickest in the
world I'm going safe speed like hey you
can't get hurt and it still slides women
are going down the bad problem snap
you
