Oh
Oh
well yep that just happened
austin-travis and Brandon want just one
the skatepark I didn't know it was
possible until I saw how many tricks
that down that three block and I was
like yep all right there you go they
beat the final boss it's theirs geez
they absolutely crushed that gap and uh
you know what it's just I wasn't even
seen I didn't see coming honestly you
know I see a lot of good skateboarding
internet but i did not see all those
tricks going down so if you guys like
that click that bottom link right there
that'll take you over to Billy hangings
channel who films it and puts a lot of
great skate content on his channel so
check that out and subscribe to them and
then I do daily videos here myself so
the top link will be me but mainly click
the bottom link ok and go good try to
win a skatepark summer because it's
possible I believe in goodbyes
