YouTube what is up guys this is my 1001
video yeah I talk like that
1000 first might be in more normal way
of saying that in the correct way but
yeah 1000 videos and I know it's not a
crazy thing because anyone can
technically upload like 1000 5-second
horrible videos but I put a lot of work
into mind and I've been doing this for a
long time so I wanted to do more than
just the highlight reel that I always do
which came out this morning if you
haven't seen it so I wanted to take a
second and just talk about 7 of my
favorite YouTube videos that I've done
which was really hard by the way because
it's kind of hard to have a thousand to
say hey I like these and I mean I like
all the videos I put up every single
video I put up I believe in and there's
a reason that I do that but these seven
videos kind of mean something so I'm
gonna go through these talk about them
real quick and then at the end you'll
have a chance to click on them and go
watch them and before I get started I
just want to say thank you once again
you guys Rock for watching my videos I
love you dudes and dudettes and I just
I'm so thankful that I have people that
actually want to watch me act like a
gringo here on the Internet thank you
for watching and here are seven of my
favorite youtube videos that I've done
you come back baby hedgehogs that's
right video number one is we want
revenge 20 and this is probably my most
popular series here on YouTube and I
love this series it's kind of like my
baby because like every single episode I
do and I've done over 40 of them now is
just it's I still care so much about
what I'm doing and what I want to do
with this series is capture like what it
is to go out and skate and have fun and
be a goof with your friends so I feel
like we are a bunch twenty was the
turning point when I put it together and
I was like oh my gosh this this this
flows it feels really good and it just
kind of came together a lot better and
that kind of set the standard then on
out for how I do er avenges so this was
kind of a turning point when it came to
that series and the way I do a lot of my
videos um I was really really proud of
that that video I I swore I was gonna go
viral I was like man this is a new type
of skate video and I don't know I'm
really proud of it so we all revenge
number one no we are revenge 20 is my
number one video and it captures
skateboarding goofing our other friends
all that fun stuff and if you watch my
channel you probably already know and
I've seen it but we are avenged 20
number one my second video is an old
skit
oh yeah when I look back on some of my
old videos especially my skits I'm like
this is kind of embarrassing well this
skit I mean it is embarrassing but I
still to this day a laugh at it you know
and I'm really proud of it and I wish i
do more skits like this but it is my
soap opera audition tape boom if it's
right over there it's probably been
there the whole time floating there's my
head such a goofy thing like I got the
idea and then I filmed it right there so
I there was no planning much like a lot
of my skits but there's no planning at
all and I did it and I'm like this is
weird and my friend Kyle mash no
bangarang he helped me with it and it
was awesome it was it was it came out
well we were cracking up the entire time
we had a blast filming it and if you
haven't seen some my older weird skits
that's a good one to watch it is weird
by the way but uh I've always planned on
doing a third one too so I might bring
that back but it'll be a little better
produced so number two video is my soap
opera audition tape featuring Chaz
McLaren who's kind of a weird guy all
right my third video is something I
didn't even have to think twice about
putting on the list I knew it was gonna
be there it's a video that I posted win
my son ridin was born in best day of my
entire life easy and but the funny story
is that it ridin had to get shipped off
to a different hospital he was born he
had to go to a Children's Hospital which
had a better intensive care unit for for
infants and I went with him
unfortunately my wife was had to stay at
the hospital he was born she wasn't able
to move and she had to kind of relax and
gain her strength back so when she woke
up the next morning she you know I
wanted her to be able to see him so what
I did is I didn't go to sleep at all
like I just stared that little dude told
him how much I loved him and then I had
a bunch of footage from the whole night
and him you know at the new hospital so
I went on and made this video at like
6:00 in the morning he was born at like
9:00 o'clock at night and we got to the
new hospital like midnight or 1:00 a.m.
and I just stayed up with him and then I
eventually made this video at 6:00 a.m.
and I posted it online for everyone to
see more importantly it was for my wife
so she could you know wake up and just
see this footage of our son and Alan
just hits me in the heart I love this
guy more than anything and I want the
whole world to know it right in when
you're watching this when you're older I
love you buddy
always every day until dawn until the
dawn of time till the dawn of time to
the end of time all the time but my
third video is today my son was born so
check it out it's right over there it's
been over there my fourth video is yet
another skit and this is the last game
up on those lists but uh it's a skit
that I did kind of making fun of how
people abused the breast cancer
awareness products and my friend Nick
Mitchell and I did it and it was such a
blast filming I kind of thought it was
lame that a lot of companies just made a
pink product and said oh yeah we'll
donate to breast cancer in hopes to sell
more product I mean the grant says they
probably do help out breast cancer but
it's like I feel like a lot of companies
do it to profit themselves which is the
wrong reason so we made a skit kind of
making fun of this and of course you
know we actually the proceeds meant skit
went to breast cancer 100% of Ann Arbor
wrote a check and I went and did a
fundraiser for breast cancer skit - so I
actually was like for the cause and
whatnot and it wasn't just blatantly
making fun of that but I spent nine
hours straight editing this and I just
remember it being like 5:00 a.m. and
Nick Mitch and I were still awake just
like just tears pouring down her eyes we
were just so tired and like you know
when you do slap-happy you're so tired
and it was like that it was the funniest
nobody will ever laugh at this kid as
much as we did we were editing it but it
was an awesome time and I would love to
do more skits like that so check it out
it was actually featured in a comedy
show here in Cincinnati one time and it
got good feedback so check it out it's
called the booby saving video breast
cancer everything whatever you want
boobies saving video right there my
fifth video is out of shoot on my
motivational videos when I started this
whole YouTube thing I gave myself a
3-year date I was like within three
years I better be in a different
situation in life kind of striving
toward a bigger project and when I knew
on August 3rd I think 2012 I was like
I'm going to make this video and and
when it came around my life had been
different like three years later my life
had completely changed I want to do a
video just kind of giving people some
like inspirational words and just saying
hey man do what you're gonna do like
live life for yourself and set goals and
reach them it's really cheesy but I
meant it from the bottom my heart and
it's the kind of my attitude towards
life definitely one of the videos that
I'm more proud of so click it it's
called never give up and and it's it's
yeah it's one of those videos that I
kind of wanna get out there I don't
think I gotta like a crazy ton of hits
but it means something to me so I had to
put on this list my sixth video is
another skate video and it and is around
the same time that I made that goal and
I was talking about I started to get
focused on YouTube and I knew I was
gonna do a lot of skate videos I was
gonna put my personality and talk into
skate videos and uh well I want to kind
of get all of my footage out there so
you can see what I'm all about
so what I did is I took like my the best
of tricks that I've ever done up until
that point in my life and I made a video
part and I call it my YouTube skate park
and it just kind of reminds me of the
old times I just do a lot of bigger
rails back then I used to jump down
bigger gaps and it was that's
I want to skate I mean unfortunately I'm
getting older and it's kind of hard to
even make time to stay on top of my gap
game in my hand Road games so uh when I
watch this video part I'm like man how
does the skating I want to do so hope I
can still get up to that level for my
next video part and do some of bigger
stuff but either way that has the stuff
that when I used to do it all the time
it's a skate everyday I'm trying to find
the biggest rails to skate on you guys
probably don't even know that I have
used to do all that stuff check it out
and I hope you guys dig it that is the
YouTube skate park and the last one is a
prank video I had to include pranks cuz
I've been kind of bad about doing pranks
lately but pranks used to be a big part
of my channel I used to do it like it
like it for a year and this is the
following skateboarder for which i think
is the best long skateboarder 3 was
pretty good for different reasons before
I got I did went to a college and I was
like dropping stuff as I fell and a lot
of it had a lot of fun doing it of
course so that one is probably my
favorite if I hadn't narrow it down
that's why I picked it I actually do
have an idea for a new prank video and
that hopefully I'll be able to get out
and film that within like a next month
or so but either way funky border for
definitely one of the best ones I've
done and it's basic it's not really a
prank video it's just it's that's what I
named the series when I started doing it
so I just kept it going it's me just
falling in front of people in public I
mean I get reactions or whatnot it's
funny but I wouldn't call it a prank
it's more like a social haha on those
people but either way funky blur for you
probably at a kick and I do a lot of
other pranks so go to the playlist on my
front page and you can see all the other
stuff I got into but that is it guys
that's the seven videos that I kind of
wanted to feature and talk about so I
hope you guys liked hearing me chat
about it or whatnot but um I wanted to
say thank you once again I'm gonna I
will literally try to make 1000 more
videos and I don't plan on stopping
anytime soon I'm gonna I'm having a
blast making all this stuff so there's
no reason to change it I love my life so
thank you I hope you guys keep watching
and all the stuff will be linked here in
a second will flash and get pic 1 2 3 4
5 6 & 7
believe it or not thank you so much and
subscribe for more of the stuff that you
just saw slash heard about haha you're a
blue sharpie and to throw it that way
