call myself alright guys so there are
two things that we can get from this
clip immediately from watching it the
first thing is that Thomas is a liar
okay he said he caught himself call
myself you do not catch yourself Thomas
you hit the ledge the stair the
grounding to skateboard all at the same
time k catching yourself is like the
last thing you did in the second thing
we learn from this clip is that he has
no pain in his legs or ankles or feet to
Kayla cuz like I said he hit the ground
the ledge the stair and the skateboard
maybe this is how he deals those paint
like he like slams new just jumps up and
tells a lie to feel better about the
situation like he smashed his head you
just jump something else I got more the
lottery no you do not you did not win
the lottery Thomas okay you fell well
it's just accept this fact no but
seriously I'm sure Thomas had a reason
why he said that and I don't know I
can't really see a way that he would
have fallen harder than that I don't
know maybe his face was fonder the
cement he kind of caught himself from
the ground hitting him in the face I
don't know cuz i was filming I just
wasn't really in his face or shoes or
anything I wasn't I wasn't him at the
time but if it is one thing I've learned
from watching Thomas kate is that he can
take a fall I've never actually seen him
wounded I mean I've seen him do some
really weird falls okay and he just kind
of bounces up like I think he's like
bodies made of rubber or something cuz
just bounces up as a gum okay I know
you're not I just so you jump down an
aid steer onda primo and then turn your
ankle the same time but he just jumps up
and keeps going most the time like he's
one durable dude just sayin Thomas has a
body that doesn't really break I believe
this fall happened we were filming for
live skate die revive skateboards
full-length video which came out in
February and he did a couple lines on in
his parts either way he fell and that's
it's never hit youtube and I forgot to
put it in the actual full length video
and our little like bonus ball sections
Thomas Alvarez phone people hope you
like that and just to show you he can
land stuff on this ledge I will saw some
clips that were in we want revenge 30-9
i think it was it whatever whatever we
are amends will be skated this ledge
here are some clips of Thomas landing
some skateboard tricks
so there you guys go that's Thomas doing
what is this best and that's landing
skateboard tricks he does it literally
every day if you didn't get a chance to
watch the live skate die i'll put a link
to the revived store and you can pick up
a digital download or a DVD copy hard
physical copy of it but that's it for me
i hope you guys dug this video i'll be
back with another fall friday in about
two weeks and then i will do a video
every day in the meantime because i do
daily videos here and tomorrow is my
1000th video ok be be excited all right
until then I'm gonna disappear okay I'm
gonna smack myself and face and
disappear this is a trick someone showed
me once case it's really convenient
really i'm gone see you guys tomorrow
goodbye
cool my t-rex went away in Milton video
and I did not notice come on come on
t-rex so I hope you guys dug this video
I will be back in another two weeks with
another lettin em today but I so hope
you guys like this video so there go
what what just happened in that clip ok
you watch that just to hear how many
there you go when I can't speak the way
I speak
you
