Christopher Chan guys is it really
surprise you that he's the one that did
this trick because I wasn't surprising I
wish I could be in his head for 30
seconds just kind of like think how he
thinks I wouldn't look down a skateboard
like oh that's how that thing works okay
because clearly he understands something
everyone else doesn't cuz he can do like
any flip trick of the world like if you
were him you could just kind of like
alright oh and this is what how I move
my foot I didn't know that
or maybe the skateboard just listens to
him one of the two because it just gggg
but no you might have seen this clip
because it kind of blew up a little bit
on his channel and uh yeah he said the
footage over to me and I was like I will
absolutely post this I think he's the
first guy to do it on flat ground okay
and he named it the dragon flip which
you know like I don't know what I would
name a trick if I created it but dragon
you know next best thing a tier X flip
that's the only thing I could have beat
a dragon I mean when you break it down
it's a 360 forward flip or dolphin flip
or whatever but I mean I could roll
dragon flip doesn't really matter what
you call it's just the way the board
spins but there you guys go that is one
amazing flip trick and it's definitely
not one you're gonna see too often so if
you're not already subbed to chris the
screens gonna change here in a second
and it'll be the bottom link go over to
his channel okay he's literally gonna be
your favorite pro in two years like he's
blowing up and he's just like such a
down-to-earth like skateboarder for
skateboarding sake if that makes sense
you don't try to say all those nice
things just think about him because
they're honestly true but i hope you
guys like this video when the screen
changes the top link will be to
subscribe to my channel i do daily
videos like this every day daily videos
every day i'm never going to get good at
talking but bottom line guys check out
chris's channel and i will see you
tomorrow and chris also makes me want to
get on top of boulders and talk about
skateboarding that's just that just what
happens
you
