you can't get in to the trunk without
the key I have the key pick up buddy so
this is a skate day we have Thomas
Alvarez we have Alex big and Brian Amos
is the end of the street and we're going
to shoot a photo of a trick that I've
already landed yeah I'm gonna do it he
has seen it but I'm gonna do it again
we're gonna make brine names wait a
second and I'm gonna try to kick flip
off this stupid ledge right here if I
land it first try it'll be a good it's
gonna be a good day for me it's not i'm
just gonna film you guys because I stuff
but like cake stretches then can do this
all over again maybe and now my day is
gonna suck let's go what do you think
about that Alex that's for you pathetic
so here it is this is the spot that i
did a trick on your pricey a photo from
revive popping out soon with me doing a
trick on this but you're not gonna get
to see anything here unless you feel
something else and actually I do have a
trick Alex I'm gonna do a trick before
just Brian's gonna set up this photo
stuff
didn't there's your trick in the spot
guys not pathetic two tricks so I'm like
I'm a complete liar today success you
got the photo photo got a photo are you
gonna you're gonna you're scheming oh
yeah go home dog go home hey I got
through to him that's horrifying I hate
seeing stuff like that no all right I'm
gonna pop over here and see your honor
where we're going Thomas I want to be
honest to you this is not a good spot it
looks like it it's not let's see what
happens I just want to have fun as long
as you have fun I'm cool you just think
about how many nali nali Sheva bleep
what you can do and they'll be back
right there I didn't want to know I'm
saying you want to do one right now I
know I want to do that trick part of its
kind of
what no one's filming you you just grab
your DSLR film yourself
congratulations tom that's pathetic all
right work or house guys and we're going
to get some clips
alright so we're at the courthouse which
we're just here like last week but I
meant teach myself how to do a Sam Tabor
which is where you roll on top down to a
lip slide let's do this Oh Andy brine
aims goodbye I wasn't it good that was
what you talked about like hurt my hand
that was a great no I'm talking my oh
you oh you punch the camera what trick
you got something weird half cut board
I've got bored body barrel on the ledge
that's not weird at all you do that is
like you totally thomas all right
whatever something weird for Jimmy to
bit but not for Thomas Alvarez the best
you can done any things man you have
something negative to say except that
all right thank you did you draw that
yeah it's pretty cool thanks man i love
garfield
alright one more in the car so since it
didn't land your LED track which wasn't
your fault on the fact that you didn't
do it yeah you have to do a trick in
here okay do you understand me in this
area you understand me young man yeah
what that's your trick yeah let's give
me a good trick all right never done out
of a mango you don't get it to you later
oh yeah you'll get that 5k how's it
happening ah really that you just let it
you're like now I'm gonna walk away I'm
done done with you skateboard there she
freakin blows brother like Moby Dick the
whale yeah yeah I got it you knew what
that was wrong yeah good and I'm proud
of you
jun how you doing Jim how you doing
we're on we're on film right now are we
on YouTube yes we are you were barking
in some of those clips I don't know if
it got it made the cut but your I mean
your bark hasn't been heard around the
world now what do you say all right can
you say subscribe you sit ah you say
anything all right we're gonna we're
gonna leave sabad you by
you
