Smith to Casper flip out or Hospital
flip or infirmary flip whatever gonna
call it here on the Internet either way
it's a good trick does the 502 manual to
infirmary flip out and it's just every
basically Tony Hawk pro skater it might
have been might have been based on Shawn
Hannah because he get a literally just
link any tricks give you learns it he's
like you know what what might as well
land it into a manual and then you over
there and grab some breakfast while hard
flipping but seriously Shawn extrudes
this is over on Billy Hannah's Channel
and all their friends skating and
everyone kills it it's just a really
really good stuff every time Billy sends
me footage to feature on my channel it
like it was me I'm like I'm jumping I'm
kind of like not surprised that I am
surprised you know like I watch the
minute I want to get my mind blown at
some point during this so if you're
smart where the screen changes click
that bottom link and go subscribe to
Beulah channeling it is continuously
amazing content and they really deserves
more followers or subscribers and views
and all that stuff because it's some of
the best skating on YouTube I promise
you I do daily videos so click the top
link with the screen changes for me and
but mainly click the bottom link for
Billy's channel ferrets you're making a
lot of loud noises right now okay thank
you
I'm gonna go goodbye
you
