what's up YouTube I've cracked the case
call me Dick Tracy Sherlock Holmes or
scooby-doo or something because I found
out how to lose weight easy it's a
simple formula if you man you take
whatever gonna eat okay and then you
just literally just move it towards your
face you don't eat it and then you're
skinnier already right now there is
totally cake and sugar on the wall but
what's up guys this is an update video
where I talk about my life what's going
on with my company and whatever comes
out my mouth that's what that's what I
talk about and speaking of losing weight
I need to follow my own advice I need to
watch my intro and be like yeah that's
exactly what I need to do when I'm
trying to lose weight and actively
rocking at it like I can do it really
pretty awesome okay so I really just
need to get back in the routine of
exercising and running and all that
stuff that I do to lose weight so in a
month if I'm looking good like Andy hey
you did it and if not be like Andy hey
go back and watch that video you idiot
but my life in general I kind of feel
like I'm in Groundhog Day and if you
haven't see that movie you need to go
watch it because it's like a classic
some of those things when you're growing
up if someone doesn't hand it to you and
watch it it's your fault like you
shouldn't watch that movie but yeah I
feel like my life is like the same day
over and over again like I wake up I
come to warehouse do orders I like I go
home and I spent on the family and then
I work until 3:00 in the morning and
then do it all over again which is
awesome I love my life but it's the same
thing every every every every every
every day it's getting kind of crazy so
I'm very ready for vacation in May I'm
going down to Florida where I'm just
gonna hang out on the beach and just be
like hey I'm on the beach which is
another reason why I have to lose weight
because I'm gonna be on the beach and
very like Hey look at that dude
he doesn't look that beachy I want to
look beachy so I'm trying to say but
seriously no complaints I love my life I
just you know I wish I could come to
work and just like kind not have a lot
of work or than just go skate and film
and be an idiot in front of the camera
more often but like I said I've been
talking about the last few update videos
that's coming we are actually gearing up
to have a crazy revived weekend which
starts tonight at midnight so I'll talk
about that later
yeah baby maybe there's something kind
of funny happened to me the other day I
was like no further for the very first
time I was attacked by a female fan I
don't like to call people fans I just
like you know like hey oh cool you watch
myself online like we're dudes we're
dudettes or whatever Fantin to me is
just I don't know I feel like he's a
little cocky like I have fans well
whatever okay this girl who knew me from
the internet came up to me and she was
like she literally didn't even she said
hey you're Andy schrock and she grabbed
my shirt and started pulling me over my
head
what
I said before it's time in that cool
under there you know I'm not beachy yet
but I didn't stop her she was just she
just pulling away I was alone at the
time too which made it even more awkward
cuz we were like looking at me like that
guy is getting naked right there from
that girl like what so fortunately I was
able to grab her hands and kind of
stopped her before like I wasn't
completely topless but still it was kind
of you know kind of messed up because
that was just entirely not true at all
and this is April Fool's because if I
did April Fool's on April Fool's you
guys would see it coming through and let
this be another moral don't believe
everything you hear on the internet
except you everything else has had this
video because it's truer than that story
I'm sorry about that one I had to I had
to make this video a little more fun
than it was okay so that's what I did
I'm down to business a lot of you guys
been asked about wheels in the last year
so I mentioned that I was gonna start
making revived wheels and everyone was
like yes do that please do that well I'm
not making your five wheels I'm starting
an entirely new company you know it's
gonna be I'm gonna run it along with the
same dudes that are involved in my life
running revived with me
it's a gonna have a different name which
I'm not gonna announce yet we got to go
through all the lawyer stuff and like
make it official but it's in the works
and I'm sending them out to the
prospective team if you Macy's and I'm
just gonna kind of get some feedback
because I want to believe in my products
I want to just like their of ibx like I
love that wood that's my favorite wood
of any skateboard brand out there with
the wheels the same way I wanted to be
like the best wheel that I can buy like
I want to just believe in the wheel so
give me a second but by the end of the
year you know probably by the end of the
summer you will have the chance to get
some wheels and I'll give you more
information as it comes but but just an
update it's happening it's in the works
and it's coming that's happening to
happenings as you know it's going down
when there's two happenings no way oh
don't revive I have some stuff to talk
about revival we are launching our
summer line tonight at midnight so Kay
so technically we will as soon as the
clock strikes Saturday all the stuff
goes live we're gonna have three new
decks I think we have four new shirts
and it's it's all it's all here for you
guys to get and all of our existing
products will be restocked but I'm gonna
show you some of the products and here's
the stuff that you need to know about
what's going on
so first the classic we are revenge deck
now revived of course is back this is
one of the first graphics we put out
when we started revenge
and now we brought back this color
scheme with revive a real name on it so
this is classic graphic a lot of people
have asked for it and it is here so be
excited and this is probably what I'm
most excited about boom rest in peace
carlsbad we just did an episode we are
revenge with this and this is yeah this
is of course an homage you shut up you
cellphone this is an homage to the
classic gap that got torn down
unfortunately and it's amazing artwork
like sam floridi you killed it on this
graphic you guys see sam give him a pat
on the back because he he he he audience
this is already getting a lot of buzz
and a lot of people are psyched on this
one so this might go faster than the
others if you want the guarantee this I
would just jump on it it's proud of
gonna sell it fast but if you wait a
couple weeks you know you might be out
on your size I don't know I have no way
of knowing how fast this is gonna go and
better safe than sorry is my attitude
now this one is going to go fast this is
a collab with TSR my Justin Ellison and
bangerang clothing company I'm with us
of course I Justin designed it and it's
an awesome looking deck like I really
like it but the catch is is that there's
only a hundred of these and the teams
probably going to take one so when it
finally hits the shelves let's probably
be like 80 85 left and if you want one
of these you got to get it tonight at
midnight is when it goes up and they
probably will go fast and you will never
be able to get this deck ever again if
you guys are looking to collecting stuff
this is the one this is the one that's
not gonna be easy to get I don't have
the shirts to actually show you right
now but I do and wearing one of them
this is the a football club
esque revive sure that Justin came up
with this is the artist series so
they're gonna be a little off the wall
not our normal design that we typically
do with all our other stuff but they
look really cool like I love this one
it's so different it's like I put it on
I'm like a new person but they're really
cool so there's three of those graphic
tees coming out and then we have a
tie-dye lifeline so the real link to the
store right at the top of the info is
the rive skateboards not calm and you
know it's very easy to get to but yeah
tonight at midnight people that's one's
going down and just to put a cherry on
top of all of this stuff being or at
least we are avenged 42 will come out
the same day so just hours after this
stuff goes live on the store you will be
able to watch the new wheel revenge and
be excited about life and in the midst
of all the survived chaos I am emceeing
a calm
test at Ali's skate park this weekend
which will have a lot of the product I
just talked about at there because we
have a booth set up but it's gonna be
fun you can come hang out with us skate
and enter the contest you know maybe win
something the best thing about this is
that I've never have seen anything
before like I'm pretty sure I'll do all
right but I don't really know what I'm
doing like I'm just gonna grab the
microphone start talking I'll press say
a lot of stupid things because that's
what I do here on the Internet I'll put
a link to Ali's skate park below and
they'll have all the information for
everything when it's going down what you
could win what it is to enter and it'll
be fun it's a good time so come hang out
and say what's up to us and I think
that's about it I think I just got
through though this like videos to come
like I said we want revenge for you too
and I just filmed a skit that I'm I
don't know how it's gonna because I
filmed it in the warehouse so I'm not
sure how it's gonna turn out but I got a
skit coming I got some awesome ridin
videos coming and I'll probably get to
work on another Dana life soon because
I'm trying to do more of those if it's
not groundhog - that is so that's it
hope you guys like this video subscribe
for more and I think it's about time for
raining boxes frankly impressive that I
didn't get hit or my computer isn't
broken
frankly was that cocky of me to say that
hahaha all right this is way more
impressive this is way more impressive
sorry Brian Eames that's what the wheel
company for like the last but letters
come from here's a bottle of water my
words I need to follow my intro I need
to listen to yeah do that
Cobb had machine guns and they were just
like shooting them what would you do
with what would you not do with the
machine gun would you not do what would
you well else would you do I give up I
give up YouTube
come here water tomorrow I mean midnight
tonight tonight what anybody goes
tomorrow is what I'm trying to say oh
not to fall asleep right here sitting
sitting still standing horrible talk
