oh oh you got curbed oh you did it the
impossible you sacked on a Ledge
how are you gonna do a Wally career at
hey like seriously I have no idea how to
do it you just like to skate at the
ledge and then hope you just kind of
smash up into a good grad I don't know
apparently not many people online noob
either because I don't see the trick
done that old but Maddie knows how to do
it and Maddie crushes I'm always known
man he was good but then I skated with
him real life and I was like wow this
dude does not stop landing tricks my
gosh and then Joel of course was there
killing it and both these guys are just
so inspiring they're just like they're
from the metro team over on metro
skateboards channel which I will link to
you in just a second but just pure
skateboarding like honestly if you were
a skateboarder and you are here on
youtube like Oh subscribe to their
channel it's gonna be the bottom link
with the screen changes and make sure
your soon did because they're just like
honestly diehard 100 sent skateboarding
and i love the dudes and i'm here to
support them so the dawn of not time
whatever i can't talk but yeah that'll
be the top link when the screen changes
and subscribe to me for daily videos but
mainly check out channel if you're a
skateboarder go check them out because
they deserve they deserve every
everything observe everything in the
whole world apparently but I me go hope
you guys dug this video and just a
confession I am totally not wearing
skate stuff I might have ran today you
don't know so I'm not going to tell you
that's why you don't know
you
