Garrett do you want to do under trick or
day I saw you want any nose running back
to regular girl that house 50 whenever
that's good too let's do that right
actually all right I saw it just grind
and you 180 out and I just assume that
that's what that was that's that was
exciting but not exciting because it was
that easy for you so earlier you totally
did a lip slide to Smith ground on this
so you're over rail hey you have no
reason to believe me so I'm gonna make
him do it again so you can believe me oh
oh my freaking stars and planets and all
that crap is that it is that just easy
he was third try yeah we do that and
then what did that cuz I wanted that so
do you both got you more tricks dude
that was like the shortest video ever
you're that good I thought you were in
on it you just didn't Ollie I was in
your way it wasn't I'm sorry that was
the true this skate train coming through
people oh wow
what we really just do that first shot
hey hey give our stupid what is says oh
my god you missed that what are the good
side wing what are you doing i got i was
filming it don't even go don't even
don't want to do that yeah i'm gonna go
back and watch it is gonna be in there
it totally wasn't in there i missed it
yeah expression in the video let's go
down with us yep
I missed your frontside flip yeah I got
your landing that's all that matter
sorry I didn't see it clearly i'm just
not i'm not good at this gay park here I
minded skating and I'm not good I know
and I'm getting everybody wait I need to
leave said that before the outro and now
i'm doing it again
you
