Johnny Geiger is back on my channel
YouTube okay yeah he does every angle
series here and I enjoyed every time he
sends me I have no idea what's happening
so when I saw the no qapplied trick I
was surprised I was like heck yeah no
comply big spin flip and that's
something I can't I can't even I can't
even fathom no complies okay I really
I'm just like the world's worst no
complier and I liked it so good job
Johnny you kill it thank you for your
friend doing the bud stop by in fact I
think we need to see that again maybe a
couple times repeatedly so I hope you
guys dug this video I sure enjoyed the
footage and I want to take a second to
say Johnny
you killed it in battle The Berrics
seven man you put such a good game
against pirata I mean that's like
probably the worst case scenario like
I'm gonna play P rot and you held your
own pretty awesomely so if you guys
haven't checked that out head over to
the barracks and check out the game
because Johnny did really well if you
want to see more from Johnny go over to
his channel the screen is gonna change
and then the bottom link will be linked
to his channel and he does amazing
skateboarding here he is one of the most
talented dudes out there right now so
check it out the top link will be to
subscribe to me I do daily videos here
on YouTube like always check the bottom
link out because Johnny's channel is
something you need to be subscribed to
so I'm gonna go guys I'm gonna go return
to where I was before now what you don't
know so you don't even know what I'm
doing okay living in mystery and all
there's the Sun I love that's a cool
song
you
