YouTube Wow that's it we're doing some
basketball trick shots aren't we yeah
right a couple of them yeah walk out
alright well that's what a couple means
- why is your a skateboard here though
alright so when you do it make sure you
whack the very end of the tail okay
really hard oh that was it you can tell
by the way I said oh trying to say that
that's how I sound
basketball govern here hit the tip of
the tail really hard okay do it we need
to move it closer know if you hit closer
to here it won't go as far up okay
do this for Minecraft oh you hit the rim
dude do you know what that means we hit
rim do you do you know you don't know
that means while or close your eyes okay
yeah why would I ever tickle you you're
coming here come here come pay would I
ever take okay fine I promise
Vulcans honor I'm not going to tickle
you
I'm not tickling you oh my gosh it's
gone
yay yay right do this one for a
goosebumps okay stop it really hard you
did it too much all right is it locked
and loaded do it no all right this one
is for Ironman okay really hard even the
face yeah you should do it stricture
where it bounces off your face and then
goes in okay I'm kidding because you
would try that
who's this before bagel or cat food for
your date bad company you revived yeah
cool all right let's do it okay so you
didn't make it but you get both of us
yeah I think you're leaning over too
much don't put your face over the board
okay do it whoa but this is for jaws the
shark okay
it does shark good job don't fall back
okay because if this handrail just
disappeared you'd fall all the way down
there Oh be back
no you wouldn't be dead I would jump
down and catch you before you hit the
ground because yeah but that's fine I'm
your dad now it's my turn dear shot I'm
gonna get the trampoline and I'm gonna
bounce it off the trampoline into the
basket actually you know what ridin
right I just realized that I already did
one where I bound by just bouncing off
the ground so let me do the skateboard
stomp no no no we're just we're just the
normal one okay and then maybe in the
next time we do a basketball trick shot
video we'll do it that time okay so let
me try this okay wow it goes way farther
and I did should not hit these should I
yeah hey you don't have a helmet on good
job on landing that though I do I don't
wait to hit your head alright here it is
I don't have to keep walking back I'm
gonna try it with both of them okay oh
oh I need to move it this way do this oh
my gosh oh my gosh that's crazy
no that was not good I need a
motivational dance dance for me real
fast oh I can do it now okay you fell
what oh that's it that's it right here
oh gosh you're gonna watch these it was
like this much off oh darn it that could
have been good it went like we hit the
ceiling
all my energy right here I told you
right oh look right and watch except you
don't have a door you just magic spell
me Wow oh cool hey come here this
seriously thanks for doing that with
that was fun right yeah so we were just
gonna do some basketball trick shots and
I thought I was like why not film it we
it's actually not the end we have a
bunch of random clips that fit on my
cell phone and just goofy stuff from
riding I so watch these and enjoy I
don't know you're going to right now
yeah no I'm literally walked look right
there it'll happen no oh no that doesn't
work like that
yeah it doesn't okay it's just it lens
now the dude Oh high five
oh my god
hey y'all come over your house where you
live oh you live on 15.2 okay y'all be
over remember that one time we had a
mouse in the warehouse and you and Ryan
made a mousetrap that looked like this
Oh like hey you like you made it like on
like a trail of breadcrumbs dude he has
a really awesome reward at the end
that's a legit chip okay it's been a day
and less crumbs but dude the mouse
didn't touch this like this mouse is
smart not that he could just jump out of
this probably but still Casey the mouse
outsmarted you he ate the chips and
didn't fall in ah what a wonderful night
and Target and if you want nightmares
here's this don't hurt it
give me this communis taking your head
off here it is - lame
it's blame I was better than if we you
see each other right thing I hope you
guys like that I do videos here all the
time and I do videos with him on here at
least once a week we have a lot of fun
playing don't we mm-hmm yeah like that
was awesome yeah I'm glad we put the
skateboard into the mix huh
but we should totally do another
basketball she's like basketball
trickshot video wouldn't be fun so if
you guys like that idea give this video
a thumbs up and we will get to work on
it we'd be doing it regardless so I mean
might as well film a mega cool video
right yeah so uh thank you guys for
watching if you want to see more videos
just hit the subscribe button right
below the video it's free you click it
and you're signed up to see more and you
won't get blasted by nerf guns right Oh
you will you absolutely will but you
guys have a great day we will see you
tomorrow with a new skateboard video
okay this is for Luke Skywalker
apparently I do not like Luke Skywalker
but I do
he's also
