what is up YouTube it is a
day-in-the-life 22 and you guys are
gonna get to live the day with me okay
because that's that's what these videos
are there's absolutely no reason why I'm
outside so I'm gonna go inside I'm gonna
get my little guy up and I'm gonna hang
out with him before I start my day but
first I'm gonna search out any things to
freak out my neighbors I am a potato
enthusiast I follow Christopher
Columbus's career I would like to be
sponsored by cheese's well I'd say
they've never done that before - can I
come in
somebody's awake and kind of trashed the
room buddy you take your grade out why'd
you do that hey can we leave this here
now on write it since you're very good
yesterday you get a surprise you want
surprise yeah that's a han Solo
fingerboard yeah there you go then Zane
give you this you say thank you Zane
code which is at a lip slide to transfer
blunt
into the core pipe yeah that
no it's an Iron Man's the Hulk okay
buddy dad's not gonna work Oh got your
hand I got your hand yeah I've been at
school all right so I'm off to work
today is kind of a funky day for me
because usually like 5:00 I'm done with
revived stuff and then I'm just spending
time with my family but Sam Tabor's
coming into town to help me film a
segment for our image 42 this is the
only time we could make it work and he's
not getting in town till 6:00
so it's gonna be kind of a weird day and
I will spend time with my family like
in-between and whatever I can make it
happen so uh yeah let's start our days
dudes that trailer quest would be an
excellent career choice
all right so I'm here at work I got a
late start today I needed to sleep in to
catch up on some sleep so I basically
have to get Brian and go straight to
lunch just wanna do it
my brand names we're gonna stop what
we're doing I'm doing it I just got here
and we're gonna go meet Brian change for
lunch I've been yelling random things
had my neighbors today cornflakes are
nutritious nobody heard them your urine
hey surprise where are we writing new
york and i'm very near and in life
forever
ryan chambers is supposed to be here
there yes oh my gosh oh my gosh ride
chambers of america meet youtube in
america with the united states america
south america still America Central
America America Canada part of America
half the world is America
Bryan Lea you got marinara and mustard
in the sandwich yeah do you feel like
that's mixing ranch and ketchup
how's your food there is no food to
punch disappointed turn disappointed
you're done ha ha ha ha ha ha terrible
is so bad oh so you know what the
warehouse needs it needs beverages and
food because when people are gonna be in
the warehouse they're like you know what
I'm hungry they should be able to eat
something put a bag of chips table I ate
a mystery kind of weird being at the
supermarket with three dudes
sounds like a sitcom three dudes in a
shopping cart I'm not gonna eat them but
I feel like we should have some pastries
do you want those throw to them throw
the cart Cincinnati style chili chips
that's we're getting for you just go
that's nice about to say eat this black
ninja chime chambers cha cha chambers so
snacks in the warehouse is just a bunch
of junk food
you did you hit the top lens like on my
bone that's exactly what even happen I
was driving it sucks I get the stoplight
all for everything I can drive get hit
in the face still but what you do but
just threw this up scare you not at all
it like literally itch away from your
face that almost took your nose off now
is work time I got to process some
orders and then I get a lot of computer
work to do so you might not see a lot of
exciting shred quarters goof around
stuff today but Ryan chambers when you
catch my camera Terry you did well you
did well
all right you guys take it off thank you
bring it out round chambers leaving okay
all right so with those dudes gone I'm
gonna do some computer work and fill the
video and then I'm gonna head over to my
in-laws house to hang out with my son
before Sam Tabor gets in town so I have
to film that we aren't revenge thing so
so that's what I'm doing it's probably
gonna show some crap then they cut to a
car scene with me driving so you doing a
car see your judgmental look right there
be flash I'm a male okay I got a weeders
warehouse work done now I'm gonna head
over to the family and spend some time
with the family
let's do hey buddy you know how much I
missed you yeah how was your day oh you
want to show YouTube how you can go down
the slide what even though you can do
like slides five times bigger than this
yeah come on
that was very unintuitive really good
right there outside yeah perhaps um
raisins for you sir
dad's gonna go work though he's gotta go
film with Sam here give me a hug on they
go bye-bye for the well oh I love you
daddy
love you
talk about timing dude you pulled in and
then I pulled in and then really go film
yes
Sam Tabor people say me people just
freaking see that wasp that was on a
wasp nut with a shadow of that bird are
you serious
all right so we're filming for we are
I'm inch 42 and you don't get to see
this so it's just gonna flash the screen
is gonna change we're gonna be somewhere
else doing something else gonna hit me
don't hit me
all right so filmer we are revenge went
very well but I'm a skateboarder today
which I got to do that in these a daily
life's so I'm going to skateboard beach
ball park and I've been here since like
I've been here for a while while trying
to say
wow that was great except a CEO
Wow if I hand this up
so the story of my life is that I always
have 30 minutes this cake and Suns going
down I end up wasting this twos time
sorry you do not waste my time film the
whole time no songs gone you got to do
tricks you know instantly my Quaker
wrote you know like cameras and cereal
yeah it is it's really weird when you
land tricks isn't it oh where hey you
only got two tricks in but least any
cool tricks good for session yes I don't
think I'm gonna do it man I did it
though you did it you did it
this is your boy yeah or 1033 1033 1033
so it's really weird not eating with my
family for dinner I usually did we do
that we're eating Indian we're eating
India yes best food in the whole world
you've ever had Indian before this might
look weird
it's the most delicious food you'll ever
have in your whole life say get the
Twitter that was that
Sam Tabor yeah it's been good my friend
yeah it has you have a safe drive back
down to where you live and I'm gonna go
home and spend time with my family
okay whoa look how cool you look give it
five so you know right I was thinking
that you do not have any clothes on are
you ready to go to bed
come on holy cow you're not naked
anymore ridin where's your hand go yeah
it's gone I was trying to eat our
fingers nom-nom-nom-nom-nom them no no
Koko that's not food let's go to jungle
town and find good things to eat
all right Paco it's been a long day but
it's bedtime can you say bye to YouTube
Hey
all right I'm gonna go spend some
quality time with my wife and I'll see
you guys in the future Wow tub drive tub
drive for more videos guys get you all
riled up boy get you all riled up
there's some Legos buddy and since these
are small I got to be with him because I
want you to eat them because you're too
and you would do something like that
like putting me Ralph
right you would put them in your mouth
what no we do not put them in around
you
