burnage what my gosh did I could have
put small children under your ollie you
could have put large southerners only
large children Chris was making me one
up
Donna
geez
I am not exaggerating at all when I say
though that what burn Ezeli is a machine
that makes machines that make skateboard
drinks where does ellie is a doubled
machine that's just that's the
definition of a Bearnaise le and
honestly I just started filming him for
an episode we are avenged that you've
probably seen a couple of those tricks
in and after he just kept doing tricks
housing oh my gosh i'm making this its
own video because i had to show the
world that like yeah he did all these
first try until he missed that one and
then he landed the next seller try like
she's watch out for this dude because he
is an up-and-comer I've actually met so
many talented people i know i say this a
lot like I believe in this guy I can't
wait to see where he goes buttburn is he
belongs in that group there are so many
dudes out there that i'm meeting no
actually I've known burn for a long time
that was stupid of me to say but I've
just recently kind of scared with him
and seen what he has turned into is what
I'm saying and I'm like he's gonna be
one of your favorite pros one day just
watch so burn if you're watching this
yes good job pat on the back I owe you a
meal a Chipotle if you don't like that
i'll buy something else but you should
like to pool I just just saying so hope
you guys liked that video um I will be
out in California within a couple months
i'm sure and i will film or burn if i
get to meet up with them and if I don't
I'll just I'll talk about it in one
video be like hey by the way burns
awesome but thank you for watching my
video the screen is about to change and
the top link will be a the only computer
subscribe to me for more videos like
this and then the bottom link will be
another video probably with burn in it
because that's what I do associate my
videos and have to go
you
