alright I see you're judgmental look
right there before I even go on about
anything I'm gonna say that for Friday's
you don't have to be the hardest skate
slams okay it doesn't have you like
break your neck blood all over the place
I think that guy just died on that gap I
review all types of Falls okay and this
is a different type of fall right here
okay because despite how it looked it
hurts Oh whole it hurt it hurt a lot and
I can tell you all about it but I
actually talked about it in the actual
clip so I'll just let you watch that and
find out why it hurts I don't know does
it look bad like it looks like it hit me
in the face but my thumb dude got
destroyed like oh look ways been
destroyed no it literally whipped her
out of it like as if my thumb was laying
on the concrete and then someone took
aboard just smashed it no I'm gonna keep
going though haha it doesn't feel good
have you ever had finger or thumb
injuries it's like the worst pain the
whole world like something about like
the nerves ending at your body i think
i've read it somewhere whoo-hoo-hoo it
is painful and literally my skateboard
came down and just chopped my thumb and
it's been like over two weeks and
there's still purple underneath my
fingernail gay people want purple
fingernails okay when you see a burble
fingernail unless it's on a girl and
painted it's not good you be like touch
the dude shoulder be like I feel your
pain brother cuz that that hurt
seriously it's kind of like a pain where
you're like oh my gosh I'm a male okay I
got a wiener so I have to be tough right
now on the outside you're looking tough
you know you're just like sitting there
like yes right I can take that but on
the inside you're screaming like a baby
that's just the truth that made me maybe
not that high pitch but I was I was in
pain and I mean I was talking about
right there and in that clip you can
tell because if I'm lying on the ground
something's not right okay even if it's
just a finger even it's just as you
figure but I did lay on the heelflip
actually I landed it like one of the
most perfect ablest I've ever done in my
life I know it's not on anything crazy
but that'll be up coming in we are
avenged 42 which comes out in about a
week but just proved that I can heelflip
I'll toss in some other heelflips I've
done I have no idea what they are
because I haven't looked my computer but
watch a hewlett or to done by me so
there you guys go I can heal up and yeah
watch out for my revenge 42 it's taken
us a little while to film this one but
it's definitely happening I'm actually
about to you just come back to the
screen dolphin that's right cute little
dolphin it has taken us a little while
to film but we're gonna work it's coming
like I said it's gonna be here a week so
sit tight and be psyched and I'll be
back in about two weeks with another
fall Friday I thank you guys for
watching hope you dug this video hope
you laughed or cried or point at me
laughs one of those five things what you
want to see more videos from me hit the
subscribe button I do videos daily here
I mean this give me one tomorrow on the
next day because that's what daily means
you know what I'm gonna do at the desk
water punch okay here it is all right
ready get ready oh oh right back came
right back to me can you see it I
could've been bad I could have just got
water all over the my computer so many
things I get lucky I get lucky of this
desk sounded but that sounded wrong all
right I'm done
a poke in a baby dolphin with a broom a
bokken a baby dolphin with a room
