does anyone else think that's like the
coolest-looking skatepark in the world I
swear if I would have dreamed that that
skatepark and woke up I'm like that's
that's not real Willy Wonka in Alice in
Wonderland was skating that because
that's that just too perfect to look
it's too perfect to look there we go
there's something on my lens so
apparently I need to get to New York
because that is fantastic looking but
the people skating it was Daniel Paul
Shelley and his friends ding up on
Shelley rocks he has a YouTube channel
here on YouTube believe it or not called
potato plop and he has some awesome
skateboarding on it as well as a
fantastic sense of humor and he puts his
person now is personality in the videos
and it's good stuff so check it out the
screen will actually I'm gonna play you
a funny clip of him after this but after
that when the screen changes at the end
of bailing at the bottom click it to
check out his channel then the top leg
with me subscribe I do daily videos just
like this and then but then mainly the
bottom one okay could you some clicker
in the bottom but I'm gonna go it's
raining I felt like I had to complain
about that check out Daniels channel
potato plop boom oh dude yeah dude come
here
dude look at this yeah hold the whole I
don't know man it's like a cricket did I
like run a room or something no it's
definitely dead though ill dude let me
see that
I probably ran over it maybe dude it
must be done don't not it that's
disgusting dude dude
good that's he's like bacon and
cheese it's actually pretty good enough
