YouTube what is up guys so we're doing a
shoe review I've done one in the past
and I'm doing one in the present which
is right now but by the time you watch
this is gonna be the past cuz already
filmed it either way I'm gonna review
the America Reynolds the mid tops and
they're relatively new America just kind
of randomly sent them to me like we had
been talking but I wasn't sure if they
were gonna send me shoes to do this and
then they sent me these these should
have been my door and I was like well
thank you America very nice of you and
I'm really glad that they sent me the
Reynolds - because I typically wouldn't
get this shoe and I'll tell you why
because I like to have stitching right
here like the one piece is kind of weird
to me when I look down I just see like
one piece but I have this chute of
course I'm gonna skate it I'm glad I did
because I ended up really liking this
shoe I've been skating it a lot I work
in a warehouse which is why it's kind of
dusty and not as pretty looking as it
was when I first got it but for the
mount I've been skating it there's
really not that much wear and tear so
that's the first thing these things they
don't actually feel like that would be
durable because they have this like
awesome breathable mesh on the side it's
a really lightweight shoe and it's just
I don't know it just feels like it
should be one of the shoes I would skate
for a couple weeks they'd be kind of
like loosing their shape but this shoe
holds up it feels super comfortable to
top off I don't know I ended up actually
loving the feel of the act of the toe
without the stitching and while I'm
talking about the toe one thing I want
to say is that that since I wasn't sold
on the absence of stitching on this shoe
what I did is that I wore this for about
a week before I skated with it if you're
ever feeling iffy about a shoe do that
first and by the time you start skating
it you're kind of comfortable with it
and I was really surprised like when I
started skating this I was like I have a
board control this is great like my flip
tricks were just really responsive and I
dug it so there's the lesson of this
video is give a shoe a shot even if you
don't think it's it's the good fit for
you because I was impressed this vase
was just an impressed guy if it faced
but as far as the actual shoe how it
looks hahaha
but seriously as far as it looks it's a
good looking shoe I like any any dark
shoe I'm pretty psyched on like just
kind of like all the same color yet with
some design I like it and it's not like
a super wide shoe but it's not one of
those super skinny shoes granted if I
like tied it tighter it might look like
that but it's honestly it's really cool
because you the way it is like I don't
lace it all the way to the top and I can
slip my feet in really easily and yet it
still feels like it's gonna be on my
Pete when I do a kick foot I'm not gonna
like keep foot my shoe to frigging China
wherever it's gonna go so I give the
design an A+ and the durability is
pretty awesome the lightweights really
good I guess the only downside is if you
like heavy shoes you like feeling
through something on your foot these
might not be the thing for you but I
feel like any normal person is gonna
like a light skate shoe because lets you
jump higher okay no no anvils on your
feet you know like over handrails like
nothing shred on the bottom grips your
grip tape really well and like the
actual shape of the shoe is held up
probably better than any shoe I've
skated in the last 10 years here notice
usually like I say like shoes shoes lose
their shape but like this thing held up
really well one thing I want to say to
every single skate shoe company out
there is that shoe laces do not need to
be like eight feet long I feel like I'm
always like tucking in maybe I just suck
it in shoe laces but like I'm always
like trying to tuck my shoelaces into
random places and whatnot but that's a
very minor thing I can't complain about
that because literally every shoe
company has long shoe laces it's just
what the world is but there you guys go
there's my two cents on the mid tap
Reynolds from America I want to say
thank you again I've been skating these
for a little while now and here are some
clips that I have not released of me in
the actual shoes if you like what you
see on these shoes I'll put a link right
at the top of the info where you can
pick up a copy for yourself a copy of
shoes if you may but yeah good shoes
America's an awesome company they've
been around supporting skateboarding for
a long time now and they are true to the
trade I fully support supporting these
dudes well that's it
so if you if you think this shoe I like
I said to be a leg up let's have the
info and if you don't want to work
offline ask your skate shop to karyam
they probably already do though because
skate shops are good about carrying
America but like I said here's the skate
clips and I'll see you in the future
now I'm that weirdo that has had a shoe
off where did that go
you caught it that was really good let's
go skateboard
you
