there are kids left I know how good you
are at hand boarding with full-size
skateboards yeah dude look at this is a
playground for you could you please do
around - yes it looks like a Transworld
hand boarding video
this thing is so rusty that in these wax
you know you're a serious hand boarder
is when you need to watch a rail for him
would smell it dude think the best
smelling wax in the world what do you
got to say about that I have to say
literally want to give us dude a
paycheck Oh Mike like a flip front blunt
three flip it's free told you don't get
sacked so smooth I'm gonna leave you
keep classy hey hey hey hey stop
oh yeah how do you like your Akins let's
use your channel oh that's pretty good
it's down on the info yeah skater
brother three skaters scanner border
23-year hey hey I like it yeah you need
longer arms put your hands on it put
your hands on it Oh
