Martinez California Joe Judy you're
Matty hunt and then these people you
know in between but these in the put
these are the important people you guys
ready to shred let's do this hitting you
guys rock high five no I'm still
feel like when you're that high up you
probably gotta grab the board and made
it into some trick like when i use i
don't know how to skate like that so i
see that I'm like I'll just grab it Oh
welcome to the largest ledge at a
skatepark thing's ridiculous oh so good
thanks whoo Holly line all day blonde
again come on you got it
what all that you're doing the nose
slide again no one's here to high-five
so I'll pop you guys
I'll just say if you learned that first
try well honestly I won't be a surprise
you you're pretty good that I'm sure I
was switch that's what happens in
California if you're just that good you
don't even think there'd skate in the
wrong way okay guys that is joel and
Maddie from the metro family and if you
don't know who that is one you need to
get onto Instagram because they
basically like own Instagram
skateboarding but the bottom link right
there will take you to the YouTube
channel metro to 36 and amazing
skateboard and content I've known Joel
for a long time now he used to own this
Metro skate shop and he's the genius
behind skate line he's an awesome dude
and a course skateboard every inch of
him is absolute skateboarding so click
that bottom link and subscribe to metro
and the top link is me if you want to
see more videos from me I do videos like
this every day but mainly click that
bottom link and support metro i'll be
telling you that till the day you die
till the day I die so the way day we all
die whatever i'm going subscribed metro
goodbye
