I'm gonna spoiler alert on my life I'm
never gonna be good as good as Christian
that's just that's just at what it is
that's just the truth did you see what
just happened to your eyeballs me watch
this my gosh everyone knows him for
beating Chris Cole in the battle the
barracks seven and he's still going
strong I can't wait to see at the future
games that he plays but I have faith in
this dude like I met him and he's just
like he has skating in his heart you
know like he skates for the right
reasons and he's just a really awesome
down-to-earth guy and I know I say that
about a lot of people but I just frankly
had a lot of awesome friends and I'm
gonna I'm gonna talk about because I
believe in him so definitely support
Chris the screens about to change the
bottom link and go to his channel he
does a lot of videos here on YouTube and
they're really entertaining so you will
like that plus he's going to be a
superstar skateboarder in a couple years
because he's already he's getting there
my gosh I love this dude so I click the
bottom line i do daily videos to hit the
top links to subscribe to me but mainly
check out chris it'll be the bottom link
screen flash now didn't do it I did it
nope just go stand here
