oh I was the best line that I've seen in
the last 10 seconds and tonight
I'm John state
like that
I know that
this one of the body
see you as
I'm again
news flash youtube both the tricks that
christian did this video were switch
okay yeah it took me a second realized
it was like two minutes after he got
done skating and I was like wait he's
goofy footed what is the world coming to
so yes which inward heelflip tell us out
on the whole edge perfect as can be like
wow I gotta give it to him and all the
dudes in this video because they're all
shredders and I'm just really lucky to
have such a handful of just
down-to-earth amazingly talented friends
out there like oh my gosh I'm gonna put
that in my fridge my moms can be like
Andy you did all right in the friend
category hope you guys like this video I
save up all the clips in my videos my
friends and I put it into a montage like
this so if you want to see more videos
like this give this video a thumbs up
and I'll get to save in for another
friends montage I think this is the
third Rob done but the streets much
changed if you want to see the last one
I did it'll be the bottom link and if
you're not subscribed to my channel hit
the top link and you get videos like
this every single day I do skateboarding
just whatever weird stuff I come up with
so make sure you're subscribed and
that's it in the screen is about to go
blank but i'll be back tomorrow we're in
the same clothes against the same wall
talking because i'm about to film a
video about christian it's christian
weekend apparently
