well hello there YouTube and welcome to
an update video I mean you gotta admit
these chairs are pretty great I'm gonna
have a lot of fun with these in this
warehouse I tell you oh the thinker yeah
I can do that one but Christopher
Columbus all right so who didn't see
that one coming I'm nope I didn't mean
to do that at all I'm just naturally
idiot all the time but yeah I'm gonna
have fun of this warehouse guys I don't
know how exactly i feel just yet about
doing my talking bits here but but there
are some possibilities you got it you
got to give me that so what's going on
with my life i can see that in your eyes
that you want to know what's going on
with my life even if you don't have that
in your eyes I'm gonna tell you but yeah
like I said last time a Latin the end of
last year in the beating of this year
was really busy okay so I'm trying to
play catch-up so I get back like a
normal lifestyle like where I wake up
work spent time with my family try to do
something for my own Union nation what
try to do something for myself as what
I'm trying to say it's almost getting
there what is not helping this is all is
it the other day not only did I get sick
but my wife got sick all the same time
we were like really sick like sleep all
day sick and ridin you know our
two-year-old son was not okay he was he
was like we was like I'm fine I'm happy
I'm a two-year-old I'm gonna run in the
house like breaking things and screaming
and laughing and playing like any
two-year-old does it was frankly kind of
hard to deal with when you're really
sick and I managed to get through it but
putting my life on pause for 24 hours
like take stool out of me and I'm still
back to plank Kachemak am NOT not to the
point where I can go home be like you
know what I don't have any work to do
i'm gonna play xota or watch a movie
with my wife or both because my wife
like Zelda but I'm getting there people
okay and sickness not cool with it if
you hear me sickness fly off because I
do not like you now why do you guys know
that I recently went to California so I
kind of want to talk about that a little
bit California was an awesome time ok I
very much enjoy going out and filming in
California in fact I still have a
handful of videos that are still coming
so stay tuned for that but it was it was
a little busy for my taste like every
time I go to California I go to San
Francisco and LA and one trip so I'm
driving up and down California you know
and then it's just it just feels really
busy like I kind of want to just pick a
city and go to it so I think think
that's gonna be my new strategy for my
California trips and speaking of
California trips I'm gonna be going
their monthly i do believe not this
month or next month but I'm gonna start
trying to like go for like just once a
weekend because I got a family people I
can't be living in California
unfortunately but I'm going to try to go
like it may be like a long weekend once
a month because I want to do a lot of
filming for the next revived video which
is coming out in like two years so I've
got some time to film for it and I want
to do it at me California plus I got a
lot of friends out there that always
tell me to move out there like hey and
he move out to California I'm like no I
gotta go forget two year old look at his
face do you think that face wants to
move away from his family no it does not
that face wants to be happy in
Cincinnati but monthly trips heck yes I
can do month and chips I'll be they'll
be greatly awesome hey so revived okay
yeah revived skateboards is rocking you
know we're here in the warehouse we're
settled in we're loving life but a
freaking but we have a lot of stuff
happening next month okay we're doing
we're launching our summer line in May
that's next month right I swear this
year is like flying by let me know what
month is but we're launching our summer
lineup and we're having free new decks
we're having totally just did four
fingers and three dyrdek's oh you're an
idiot what we're doing three new decks
and we are doing five new shirts i do
believe and that's a lot of stuff to be
launching I'll do it I'll do a video and
towards the end of the month giving you
some sneak peeks of this stuff but right
now i will say remember the black wii or
revenge deck well we're bringing that
back it'll say we are revived of course
because we revive and then and then we
have a limited edition deck that's going
to have 100 available okay we're only
making 100 of these case so if you want
one you have to grab it but again i'll
give you more information as it gets
closer to next month and with the t's we
have a new series coming out it's gonna
be it's an artist series which we picked
three random artists not random we
totally we totally knew who which ones
we were picking that was a lot we big
three artists and they made we said do
whatever you want and they created a sea
shirts and they're gonna be a limited
run as well so we're gonna have some
stuff it's gonna go pretty fast so again
in more information towards the end of
month but stay psyched oh and just an
FYI the live skate died we're getting
one more batch of these but that is it
so I think we have 300 more coming after
those are sold out you will never ever
be able to get one and weird for the
next game video we're gonna do a deck
that looks exactly like it so if you
want to collect them like to have them
it's like keepsake you're gonna want
both of them so just an FYI once these
sell out after next month you're never
gonna see him again okay you'll be on
ebay for like for some money I don't
know maybe for maybe buying my stickers
i have no idea as well as the blue
lifeline and blue lifeline t-shirts I
think whatever we have right now is
is going to be it and then we're going
to move on to a different color so
there's my warning see a warning for me
to you you know movies I feel like keep
getting better and better like every
single year I have a million movies that
I'm like so excited for and unfortunate
my life doesn't let me watch all of them
which brings me to my first point I have
not seen captain america okay I've heard
a lot of reviews that it's absolutely
amazing some people have said it's the
best more of a movie yet which I
disagree because he's not iron man but I
want to see it like I'm frankly about to
skip work okay like brand names if
you're watching this like I'm gonna just
not show up for work one day and I'm
gonna go watch captain america by myself
I'll be that dude don't care i'll be
that dude i'm not afraid to go watch
movie alone in fact it sounds kind of
peaceful I'm just saying it doesn't
sound that bad i would eat some popcorn
or wash got American I would dig it I
would like that it'd be relaxing and
also the new Ninja Turtles trailer came
out okay and if you've seen it you
probably you might be one of those
people that are like oh my gosh what's
happening this is not the Ninja Turtles
I mean honestly when Michelangelo took
that mask off I was like what that
doesn't that that's what but I'm trying
to stay open-minded about I know a lot
of people actually like the new look but
I've actually seen some mock-ups online
of what a fan thought they should look
like and it looks pretty awesome here's
a picture okay yeah right there that is
kind of what Ninja Turtles should look
like in my brain that's what the new
ninja turtles are I want them to be but
like i said i'll keep an open mind i'm
not sure about megan fox being April in
the oh but I'm gonna try to be I'm gonna
try to keep an open mind about that as
long as the nail the turtles personality
is like light hard to humor I feel like
they'll rocket okay like awesome action
with with good funny ninja turtles I'm
down with ok Michael Bay don't ruin this
buddy I will not be a happy dude it's my
yeah yeah it is and video games I'm
really talked about video games lately
but this is an awesome year for nintendo
fans k we have mario kart 8 coming out
which looks like the best mario kart
ever and it's kind of weird because i
feel like mario karts this should be the
same game over and over again but you
playing mario kart you're like actually
you know what this is kind of different
i like this so i'm really excited for
that and then smash brothers the new
smash bros comes out for it and that's
gonna be awesome okay so for all you
people that are like Nintendo sucks blah
blah this is a year to be psyched on
intendo because those are some heavy
hitters let's do all you people that are
saying hey PS for ps5 xbox 1080 blah
blah blah I don't care about wars gay
honestly when people start arguing about
what console is better on the internet
it's it just comes across like something
silly
care what other people play like I could
care less if you like one system better
out there like whatever you like play it
and be happy and I'm happy for you it's
like it's like listen to people argue
about pop tarts first toasters okay
tisha turtles are awesome i love toaster
strudels but you know what if Jake over
there eats pop-tart I'm cool with it
Jake you eat your pop-tart okay me
personally I smash them together and
have something awesome call it a toaster
tart whoa so much you make that that's
awesome but that about wraps it up for
this update video and I hope this audio
isn't too bad i'm using the same Mike as
I used for last one and videos to come
though I forgot about that videos to
come I have a friend's montage my third
friends montage coming out this weekend
and then I'm gonna start trying to do
more of Dana life's like hopefully like
once every two weeks but they're really
hard to do I know you guys like them
that's why I kind of want to do more of
them and then we are working on we're
immense 42 so hopefully that'll be out
and like a week or two and then just say
to people oh gotta crank I finally have
a public prank that I need to go on film
so I need to talk to my friends say hey
let's go fill me being a dumb dumb and
then that's it so stay tuned but thanks
for watching this video subscribe you
want to see more videos from me and
right now I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna
pee pee whatever the equivalent paper
towel tp'ing is on Brian's desk okay
he's gonna find it tomorrow morning was
not that exciting what's not better for
my angle though he could see me he's
gonna be like oh wow Andy's an idiot
that's what's gonna happen
you
this is the creepiest place to do videos
here's all these creaking and cracking
all right so who didn't see that one
coming but seriously I but seriously
stupids noise that have been making for
five years because it's how I deal with
my problems what I'm talking on the
Internet it's like don't talk make a
funny face of the sound because that
solves your problems Andy because the
mario kart 18 is not happening 819 not
80 just ate three of your numbers okay
it's amazing that you can even run a
business it makes me it actually makes
me wonder if I've ever just wrote an
extra zero on a check don't be let stop
speaking the words I'm thinking right
now come on face so I go through and get
these stupid clips oh yeah that's the
prize that is a surprise this is why I
don't play baseball I like baseball but
I don't play it because i suck at
throwing shoes
you
