YouTube what is up guys another art
video with this guy is happening right
now I that's why you clicked on this
video and I don't really know what's
happening because we usually do
time-lapse he does pay pens he's got a
different idea today okay good one today
we're making a stencil and we're gonna
spray-paint my grip team have you done
this before no oh yeah okay cool so
hopefully hopefully comes out awesome
this guy's a genius when it comes to all
things drawing art that type of design
stuff and come along for the ride
we need some grip tape first scripting
we do not need to apply it to the
skateboard yes yeah did I say your name
I don't know your name is JP couvert you
design most of these graphics here in
straight course yep like that one and
that cat you drew that cat I drew one
all right we have three three where you
gonna draw this you wanna go and try
yours yeah okay brother let me put the
cone of dunshire back up name the
reference Parks and Rec yes that's JP I
can't go there's a blockade of orders
Evan Martinez thank you sorry I was
thinking thinking happen once you a
little trick how to open a door yeah I
do it a lot
particularly funny take your pick where
do you want to sit really okay right
here great this is what I was gonna do
we need to flatten these outside get
pregnant some clamps well for when we
spray it needs gonna be nice and flat Oh
fancy there we go first step and we're
gonna draw Rick we're gonna morning
right yeah
those those are the colors I got all
right spray paint he's pretty easy to
draw so I have some bristol board
it's called bristol board bristol board
and thought if I would have seen that I
would have been like oh that's the name
of the company let's get the bristles
pad and I would have called this paper
ya know it's like thick cardstock
cardstock but so I'm just gonna draw
Rick on the bristol board let's do it
they're gonna draw it because you're
making a stem making a sense we all
right so there's your light drawing of
Rick and you gotta do that three times
we're gonna trace and trace it because
you have two three stencils for three
colors three stunts those three colors
and then we're gonna use a black paint
pen
okay there he is so these are three
study stem cells so we have this one's
gonna be the hair eyebrows drool this
one's gonna be his face color and then
the white eyeballs so you'll you'll cut
it out appropriately yeah and then
spread this one and then spread that one
that's where that one this one this one
I'm crazy you're right JP is using an
exacto knife which is about the sharpest
blade in the world razor blade but it's
it's a it's a skinny one it has a point
that will hurt if you touch it yet do
not stab me or you but do stab the paper
the cutting mat or even a sheet of glass
actually she a glass is the best for
cutting stuff out really exactly yeah
you won't you can't scratch it for some
reason so do this on your mom's windows
kidding but what he says is true do the
glass I had my first one your highlight
five years ago eyeballs there they are
cutting around corners and stuff is
tricky
climactic there we go
no okay we're ready to spray ready to
spray then we're gonna go outside for
this it actually feels glorious out here
alright so here is our grip tape where I
put that one down first since a little
you know face first so you're just gonna
kind of go at it yeah you might not want
to have your camera alright alright back
here
you make sure you let it dry first don't
be too hasty we've waited a second
eyeballs are next you can do that next
no I just want to see like generally
where the eye all's right yeah yeah
I'm just gonna put my hand here okay
it's too close all right it's not hard
to tell in the sunlight that came out
really good yeah that looked really good
dude whoo this is the exciting one
because it's gonna like show actually
different color his eyes are a little
high so this is gonna look we'll see if
we'll see how this looks so it's very
important that this is being pressed
down right yes do you want me to get
some action in here you're gonna get
dirty that's fine good awesome all you
got paint all over my camera yeah my
lens is screwed no sorry I had to came
out super good dude so now we get to go
inside and we're gonna mark this up
exactly yeah you got me good dude look
at that and you're using your button-up
shirt light in straight quarters in a
nutshell but now we just gotta paint
pins up and we're gonna have something
really good-looking which is dry
noise yep
super good you just crushed chicks man
we've got a little snow missed over here
is high Earl is here too to grip this
bored of me oh really
so we're gonna put the grip tape on this
board and we're actually have a chance
to win not just this deck but this deck
to the last time lapse art video that
you and I did a few weeks ago so I will
tell you all about the special in the
giveaway we're doing with these boards
after I get this board but for now I'm
gonna get Rick onto the skateboard it's
a the cat deck that I showed you earlier
alright group save time okay cool
look at that it is beautiful yeah the
spray paint the bottom makes me like
trips me out it makes me think that it's
bubbling up but it's not so you crushed
it
thank you dude but this weekend if
you've been paying attention to social
medias you might already know this we
are giving away a shoelace belt one of
these with every single board order that
goes out but on Monday morning all the
weekend board orders we're gonna throw
this deck in with a random board order
and also this deck so we're giving away
for two free decks if you get a
skateboard of the strength course calm
this weekend burn the running to get a
extra deck for free and they hit the
very least you're gonna get a free
shoelace belt we like to give back and
make things fun on our online skate
shops so I hope that gets you guys
psyched
besides the the giveaway on the shred
quarters calm his channel he just put up
a video of Bryan Ames and I dueling for
a new trick so it's it's good because
you don't always get Bryan Ames versus
me hopefully I beat him but we're all to
go film that right now so yeah
his channel is of a floating at the top
of the screen right now and it's also in
the info check it out thank you for
everything you do thanks dude yes and if
you guys want to see more of his for me
just get the subscribe button right
below the video and you're starting to
see more but this has been fun it's been
awesome I'm gonna go I'm gonna go
skateboarding Atlanta trick
how's the lighting all the way to look
we look that's that's a good
you
