alright guys so filler Brian Eames Kobe
a story the other day and then became me
a good idea because he's like a grandpa
he literally tells stories other
brothers kind of entertaining so I
wanted him to tell you guys that Brian
your first story okay what would happen
when you were living in that one
apartment and you were backing out onto
the road oh I was leaving set the mood
okay set the mood I was leaving my
partner's like a warm summer night you
know leave my apartment don't remember
exactly rows going back down window down
nice night was like dusk yeah
something's going down so I back out
slowly pulling to the road windows down
look up you were driving and oh there's
a deer so I punched in the face dude
you're horrible are you Anna do you
think do you feel that you are well you
know I could not I warned my walk got
away from me so you punched him to warn
him from getting in by car yeah story
time with Brian Eames hey you messed up
a feeble a few videos ago
this video is sponsored by M skater get
all your skateboard needs a tan skater
calm high-five with a little Doug shout
out there didn't we it is it is that's
that's the truth right there
now found out a new these chairs are
great bright names you should try this
you should put yourself around these
chairs the guy should be seen you didn't
see it you never see you did you Brian
that didn't work how I wanted to do
