good you have to push skateboarding come
on dude gosh you're not pushing anything
you're on pushing anything i push it
well there you go that is Doug desa
tells doing what he does best and
frankly I'm just gonna spoiler alert
this this was all easy for him like he
gets on a skateboard and he could just
casually skate this good every single
time so if you're smart and you do one
thing today well first breathe i guess
and then eat and all that and sleep and
all that stuff you have to do but after
all that stuff click that bottom link
and go to Doug's channel and check it
out he has awesome content here on
YouTube and it's a good dude I mean if
you were like hanging off a cliff and he
saw you like you know what I'm gonna
pick you up cuz I'm Doug des a freakin
tails but yeah I do daily videos here on
my channel so click the top button for
me if you want to subscribe for more
videos but mainly click Doug's link
below and I will see you guys in the
future goodbye
