people on the internet are always trying
to give you information like I don't
think they like never think that you
have information okay you know you're
gonna put gas in the car looks like I do
if we cast my car hey what are you feel
about you how do you feel about your
status updates on Facebook know that
light is acquiring what about the ones
about like The Incredibles The
Incredibles not that one we're out of
this which one can have I don't care
el Toro I've never skinned Doctore well
then grab an auteur oh that's an eight
that's a no to five do you know how
these are oriented no yeah told me Tomas
alvarez people if you fall on Facebook
you're entertained you really are what
do you say keep up keep your luck you
can hit the camera all right do it oh
you bet oh wow you broke it yeah like
look at the lens here ah you blocked me
you bring it boss me right I didn't even
look dude Brian ma√Ætrise need you to
take your hand kickflip
one you doing one try all right then put
your puppy here and put your mouth or
your faces only channel your chambers
you are what you're wearing skid shoes
yeah no but I'm skating why would you
walk would you ginger skates it is
oh I'm not gonna say I was right because
I didn't not believe you but I didn't
believe you as well saying oh nice
people to take skate breaks at work yeah
I'm so bad with table top and drinks
about coffee said worst iced coffee ever
- whoo that's the first world problem
buddy
first world problem I hate that term
it's stupid okay this is a country where
you have things problem be that boom
be thankful say man I'm thankful that I
can have a nice coffee Thank You boys
coffee may what tastes good it doesn't
that's plastic this makes it a lot less
epic and also it looks like you're about
to get like abducted by aliens I hope
that you guys are wasn't as entertained
as I am no we should be in the circus
ridin oh we did it I think I might drop
you know who's gonna win the race who's
gonna win the race I'm definitely gonna
win if you stop
give me that hug buddy oh I loved you
but I love you and I missed you that I
was trying to say I love you I love you
all the time buddy
Oh
this is Aiden life 21 done hope you guys
dug it and Ryan Bracken do you think get
out
you
