Oh Phil were my name's hi where are we
courthouse and I can't feel my feet but
I'm prayin I can escape but you're gonna
do a trick are you ready to do a trick
this is what you're gonna do it on this
is your trick my trick you found out
Aaron Cain's loaded or something really
good
dude you Smith that ledge yeah do you
want to show some it and you guys do it
you want to go do it again
filming mission
and you landed that did you have this
okay I was a pre-emptive high five you
know I think that he's gonna land if I
do that
whoo
so we're branding from it you were
supposed to do a trick yeah suck its
cable remember and now he's doing whoo
this is the ledge of death did I tell
you this this thing takes people and
just does not make them good not skill
wise I mean like like you through yeah
you fall this thing sucks this thing I
don't know just hurts there's a lot of
injuries on this part
oh I got experiments with my angle but
dude that was good testing I have to
think that's been done but but I've
never actually seen it been done on the
sledge I made even better I had like a
power like he's gonna he's gonna do in
the background yeah
oh you did miss it but this couldn't be
should be a bonus trick at the end of
the video and people are like well I
still saw an extra trick
