what is your name my name is Jason Park
and and I love air walks any shreds
we're been doing video about time this
happened put a fan of this guy since oh
before you were bored and your father
was a sip I'm done Piper Jason heads the
best thing about skating with him is
that I have no idea was trying it when
he does it it's like watching a skate at
Homer like that was fantastically
impressive hey Internet yes what do you
say Doug I got nothing I don't have
anything either except to high-five so
you knew I meant it
yeah but someone lands a trick and they
say something they mean it
oh my gosh yeah so good
yeah like literally a few years ago and
I first saw that trick and I was like
it's finally happened yeah and then I
get to see what a real life
so you definitely know who this dude is
by now but if you haven't seen his
skating you need to check it out first
off right below his face right there
there's gonna be a link to his new video
part with Brett Novak on Bret's channel
and you it was beautiful
beautiful is the best word to describe
it you are sweet my name is your stomach
that's why it's on your stomach just
because they're both beautiful that's
the sweetest thing anyone said about my
stomach it was wrong truth my friend
Hitler the Ross the trickiest man I know
check it out people you will not you
would not regret it
do what he says and you'll be supersize
you'll be super psyched goodbye Bob you
did a very good job with your
videography thanks man okay but
seriously guys frigging Jason pork
stomach right there
