YouTube what's up guys is the daily life
21 and I'm gonna take you on the journey
of my day you get to come along with me
just the same thing I've done the other
20 times I've made these videos I woke
up about 10 minutes ago it's 9 o'clock
and I'm about to go head off to work I
don't gotta get ready because guys just
wake up and they leave we get we're
naked on the same drive be happy
actually not you know what before I
leave I'm gonna go pedicab oh hello
water Hey
okay cool crush my dreams how's that
yeah right away so funny thing it's
April Fool's Day while I'm filming this
and I think it's pretty lame and
predictable to get out to mess with
people on April Fool's Day so I'm gonna
make Bry names think that I'm gonna mess
with them all day but I'm actually not
gonna do anything
huh bro names girl dudes in life really
guess what day this right what what's
the what month of it is April yeah which
means this is it first you butch is say
it say hey beforethe yeah are you scared
for this day not really
shut up you're scared all right so first
thing in the day is we get works done
which bridesmaid stack of me and stack
for me and look at this guy he's got
coffee and a huge Red Bull Brian what'd
you do with my product numbers that I
did last month
yeah now whores were the work this got
through way so I could sit on the
computer rather than doing orders and go
through a bunch of stuff do a bunch of
stuff very descriptive of me and just a
top off my situation Brian is
transferring files he threw my paper
away that had my numbers on it and now I
can't redo the numbers because he's
sucking up the internet you know you're
doing you're gonna film me doing a
hippie jump through this event through
this stool look at this look at okay
it's gonna be tough
Hauser's let's commit me to be
look at this
I'm not gonna lie though stuff the
moment I get back to computer to work I
realize this loves John we're sweet
pizza please Ellie awesome it's a spot
if you're ever in Australia don't try to
eat here because it's not there
April Fool's Day Pete's really good now
we have to go to a meeting at the bank I
think we do this another day life on her
we've got much points
Bank meetings day in life so just go
together April Fool's Day all right so
we're here at the bank we're gonna go in
here stay here
YouTube mate we don't need you spying on
us on that the bank banking done now we
got to go way to the warehouse for the
USPS doodoo bunch of business work and
we'll get a car that crashed new
building oh yeah yeah oh there are
ambulances whoo but everyone's alright I
guess that's my first wish
yeah notes they made it up the curb I
know they went up a curb into the
building that's an CRO my gosh the whole
pillars just not there dude it's like
bent in prettier pretty minute very
credible whoa I'm impressed
I didn't see any dead bodies so I feel
better about the situation yeah I saw a
dead pillar there like that the whole
building is in stable right now dude I
think it's just new cosmetic cosmetic
cosmetic hey I'm a news Kabir
oh no okay so obviously we're back into
warehouse brian is doing orders and I am
gonna continue doing his work that I
already did that he threw away and then
he's gonna sit here and talk about so
and chew gum it's beautiful outside and
you should go skating we're gonna skip
where right now with what keep this
board we boring the wheels where the
trucks where the bearings say goodbye to
YouTube
wow that was the most half-hearted like
everyone just was like hi
I was going to throw to you April Fool's
Brian so this is really not an exciting
workday I'm basically going through and
breaking down by each product how much
it costs and how much like our fees are
up to all these numbers that are
associated with all our products and I
really wish I wasn't going over this
again but that's what I'm doing today
alright so packages are out we have to
run to Ikea but first I'm going to do
some flip tricks because I like to skate
get my workday I like to just go on and
off right brand names okay so ever you
hold camera
oh my gosh we do not Mariana indiana
jones wrote is that what this is we are
headed to ikea because we need some
shelves for the warehouse and i gotta
buy a lamp because ride in at the
babysitter's yesterday decided to pick
one up and throw it on the ground she's
smashing into pieces that's probably one
of the cooler things i've done with the
cameras today no it was oh dude you did
we walk through IKEA the moment you see
everything we like I would like that my
house and you just want is like
everything's if you don't it's just the
IKEA talking yeah thank you Tony as we
won't know that's what that's it that's
the one you get to build this smart
bride no one believed that all right
lighting this is ready to find the lamp
the right broke I think this is the one
at least I hope it is because it's the
one I'm fine whenever you're at IKEA you
need to get one of these things and I
caught Anakin Skywalker everyone I'm on
lava what now
you know watch how not to run into
people because then you're that guy and
I kid
all right so I'm back at the warehouse
and pretty much just grab my stuff and
going to drop that lamp off for the
meetup with my family and spend some
quality time with my wife and son so I
just dropped off lamp success now I
gotta go meet up with my family which
they're not talking me so I have no idea
where they are
okay and now I just found out that they
are taking a walk at a local park so I'm
gonna go meet up with them and have some
quality family time guys
and you're not gonna see a lot of it cuz
this quality family time but you guys
can come kind of is that riding oh oh
it's a day in the life day yeah I found
it mousy ball look what I found
hi I missed you
waterfall yeah Turtles and little guys
getting tickled
ah keep going
oh that was good that was good buddy
there you go
Rock hit the rock all right dinner time
bobbins I've been here finish it like
once or twice my life I'm gonna eat here
now are you ready for dinner yeah
excited why yeah what is that
now that's a straw for mill mmm yeah
here come on sit down
red brush your teeth yeah it helps to
growl while you're doing it makes girls
think you're very manly all right now
you do it Skippy Jon Jones everyday
Skippy Jon Jones bounces up and down
okay so little guys in bed and my wife's
doing scored for her college courses
over the next couple hours so I'm going
to use my time wisely I'm gonna go to
the warehouse and session box for a
little while with some dudes so and we
get right back up again
but these guys been here I don't want to
go here crystals been messing about that
is that you drop just a high five five
board does not like me right now
boy
ah
so apparently I need to work with my
cubic front notice lots of fakie but I
think and this is the first of our land
one on really remember so I'll be happy
with the sketching wood for down guys
anyway I'm gonna go home this sets the
quality time with my wife and Dan the
life 21 over and out
bracket do it to it oh yeah
alright guys so IKEA is done in the back
of my house kidding I'm still like here
that was good right does did you fall
for it laughs Oh horn all right I didn't
homework reading pizza would you bet if
I slap you right now I won't I wouldn't
do it when you're driving unless it was
like April Fool's Day or something
you
