so I've come to the conclusion that burn
Ezeli just likes to live life on the
edge did you see how close his face came
to that concrete ledge about he about
made out with it for a second I thought
that was his motive like oh hey ledge
I'm gonna fly towards you with my face
oh my gosh dude you came so close to
that that's okay if I hadn't seen this
dude land a crazy amount of amazing
tricks on a skateboard i would think
that he's just really good at falling
because he's already been to fall friday
and that was pretty it was pretty brutal
he he took a ticket ticket at ya see
sorry to surprise you with that one that
was a little brutal but still burn is a
warrior because he goes out there and he
lands all of his tricks like ninety nine
percent of the time and then one percent
when he doesn't land his tricks he's
going down sorry burned you're going
down buddy and funny story with this he
only tried this twice okay he almost ate
it the first time what you just saw and
then he totally just threw it down and
landed
how's how you do it Wow see you just saw
it uh yeah so that's burned in a
nutshell almost eat it and then landed
Saleh actually no it's not pertinent no
shell because he usually literally lands
all of his tricks like he is a machine
so we see him make sure you've grabbed
his face and be like I'm really glad
that still exists right now because it
almost didn't and then give a pat on the
back because he can do some tricks on
the skateboard actually a video coming
next week so get site for it because he
landed like I don't know how many tricks
he landed but he was just writing off
these tricks on a five star in
California we were out there was a good
time so Bravo burn for being one of my
favorite skateboarders right now watch
out for this dude okay that's all I'm
saying I'll say more about it next week
when I have a video on him but watch out
for burn he is haha but yeah this is
your fault Friday and I'll be back in a
couple weeks to do another one I'm sorry
if this is still echoey I did get a
shotgun mic so it should be a little
better but i think i'm gonna get a
lavalier mic which should can mess with
this echo dish crap i don't know it's
like i'm speaking to an audience like we
are here together who know our names
you're sitting right there but they hang
in there guys subscribe for more videos
cuz i'll do them every day so i will see
you guys in the fugitive sure good to
the by i need to stop to the saying that
totally
hey Brian have you ever licked one of
these this is suck I mean I mean I did I
did it when I was like 12 think I should
just do it I was dead that wasn't
exciting I got too freaked out about it
made you think I did but I didn't i'm on
the truth i'm a truth to my man word
plus words okay stop
