trying to escape video right now and bry
name is a night here hold on he's right
here right Brian yes come on
well you don't sting important well I
have a skateboard for you word noise K
buddy hi new oh well don't do that for
him and do this giving you sure sorry to
be right here from getting a real
skateboard but we are doing it can we
break it with a target skateboard we did
one with the Walmart skateboard a while
back it you guys you did a bunch of
times and I thought I would do the other
side of the spectrum and get a little
better quality pork from Target but
that's not saying much
spoiler we could break we're gonna break
the face out of this thing the whole
thing is of the wheel spin that's like
okay and so this is a speed demon deck
from Target I'm pretty sure this used to
be a parent company and I think by the
name or something are we allowed to take
off this and yeah we're gonna take all
of this crap we're in the street like a
normal skateboard we're gonna do some
tricks on it it probably will last
through the normal amount of tricks but
then we are going to we don't have
weapons you screwed us cut get weapons
all right now we have weapons so after
we get to the skating we're going to
take these weapons and destroy this
we're gonna try to make this thing turn
to dust or gonna hey well it's gonna be
fun well I love a hard time dusting it
with this ball I'll cut it yeah you will
cut it I'm gonna try to do one of these
choppy guys like you know your ruler
I know hopefully I don't get it
hopefully don't get hurt actually dip
down this sorry first things first
though let's do some basic throw and
slam test and see how it holds up okay I
do like the redness of this skateboard
you would okay one could we like walk
into one of these factories or they make
crappy skateboards and just tell them
not to put the bolts in after they
should we grab the skateboard it's
probably so much easier but maybe but
how seriously how do you shrink wrap it
you can ask you put the bolts in you've
got this they're so paranoid about you
skating inside target is they have
anti-skate stoppers on the actual scale
you may have to take off the entire of
the entire axle it won't slip you think
it'll slip I like saying we could get
this out of here
I do want to oh yeah now we can leave
that that's fine it's funny that comes
the tag says quality you can trust let's
do a rule test real fast
dude you can probably powerslide those
in control right now
so were you gonna put you're gonna put a
new board on and actually skateboard how
was your trying about skateboard you
forgot we were doing this video yeah
okay this is not a good replacement for
actual skateboarding it's loose in
skateboarding it yeah true it could be
funner than I think here now can be
funner
I like sputters I like funner okay
alright so let's do some throw tests
then some skateboarding and then we're
going to do the stomp test and then
we're gonna do destruction phase what
did I say this but Pro concave shading
as if like pros have a different shape
than everyone else all they do so now
they don't sometimes they have custom
shapes but there's no like pro shape oh
there's no protein yeah okay we should
skate this before we do the test
actually probably yes because I think I
could probably throw this and break it
yeah I know I could so everyone kickflip
okay so it kicked looks fine it rolls
well but it is slippery and scary and
terrifying oh my gosh I'm trying so hard
not to break this
do you see the fun do you have fabric on
your shoe I'm in this favor now
okay now we're all going to do two
tricks with this skateboard and
hopefully outbreak let's try three flip
the hip do you think it good that's
possible I'll do it watch this well if
you guys wondered if free mode works on
this prima works great on this board
I was so good yeah for this thing it
feels like a Lincoln Log I was amazing
there's a Lincoln Log let me ellipse
legend on the flat part of it I'm really
sorry if I put everyone's fun to an end
with this lipslide but it does say
quality you can trust so let's see if we
can trust the lipslide
scary lipslide I can see it been like I
watched it go yes it did I tried to be
light-footed on it you res why did you'd
get cool
here's her I'm sure he did not seem sure
but he said sure
was like what happened
I changed before I'm sorry you were like
sliding in innocent like that was that
was the biggest plot twist I have seen
that surprised the crap out of me and me
wreck on the impact broke during the fly
I wish there was a camera in front all
of our faces like Brady Bunch styles so
we get to see it because we all I
privilege like what do we do I guess we
just start beating the crap out of this
thing it's just immediate destruction
base now let's do some stomp test it
didn't notice until I know you want to
the harder one oh but one at a time it
broke it broke as I push it down to do
the spin first try first try first try
real monsters well I'm gonna chop this
thing with a shovel Brian get your salt
though I'm gonna get my shovel has
anyone picked up the piece of irony yet
piece of irony quality you can trust I
have never seen a board break on a board
slide
safety Brian and Alex didn't get do a
tree softwood whoa
really you wanna try this is a terrible
idea that was the dumbest thing we
probably could have done I'm not the
dumbest for close right
so what's our way off ribbit oh it's
hollow yeah yeah got it
okay so this is kind of cool to see I
wonder what cheap like this is rubber or
what this is like there's some cheap
plastic slippery mess and then I wonder
where that is just a hard chunk cheap
plastic something like that so good at
that
that's what I expected it's happened
that's what I was I Pegman cases you
know flip it open you can prop it up to
read yes
yes we can break it actually no we can't
we even get a chance because it broke
quick too quickly on saver I do the
kickflip that way sorry dude so okay we
probably won't do too many can we break
it's skateboard videos oh I'm sure we'll
do some strength tests later on but I
hope you guys liked that if you guys
want to suggest us trying to see if we
can break it put it down in the comments
we don't do go out and buy new things
typically this is we honestly don't like
to waste skateboards but these type of
skateboards it really the issue is is
that they're not safe like clearly exam
Tabor if he was on a bigger rail he
would have died yes - okay get a real
skateboard which is great this video
start out this way because we can go
pick out Brian let's do skateboard right
now yes so but if you have a suggestion
on what we can break if we see it out
there like like in a garbage pile or we
have one at home that's broken we'll
definitely do a video on it but right
now like I said Brian I'm sorry
okay so let's go pick a new skateboard
up we have an online skate shop
destroyed quarters calm and I really
wish that this video wasn't going up
after he picked a board up because I
would let you guys pick it like doing
polls so maybe we will plan this next
time where you guys can pick it and he
gets the board next week the dog is
gonna pick Brian skateboard go out into
the world Earl go pick a skateboard he's
touching that was tail Did you touch it
you touched that with this tail alright
well that's pretty good I'm ok with that
he touch 8.0 you might have my own the
cowboy it's got a wood color I'm staying
cool yeah my point I'm ok with that
watch this ok is it open already I just
opened it for me
no not gonna grip it for you but yeah
thank you guys for watching I'll put all
of the dudes in the videos their
channels down below please check them
out if you guys need an actual
skateboard we have the shred quarters
calm or online skate shop where we carry
our decks of course amongst a lot of
other companies anything you need for
skateboarding so uh I do videos here all
the time so hit the subscribe button
right down below and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
with another skateboarding video I'm
gonna go actually skateboard I didn't
get a chance to you're gonna go grip a
board and then you're gonna skateboard
gosh
I don't wanna hurt you dude it's the
last thing I want to do I would rather
leisure we crash my car than hurt a dog
which would suck but I mean it I don't
want to hurt a dog
dogs love it when you do that he usually
plays usually gets it really excited but
now he's not really backing up my
statement but I promise you he does I'm
gonna go
