ro throne award away okay there you
there you well the most beautiful skate
video just happened in it is awarded to
Jason park and broke Novak okay they
just what you just saw snippet that's
what you saw and I'm gonna be honest
tops I've seen all of it okay and it was
it was fantastic it was like Julia
Roberts skating I don't really
necessarily think she's beautiful but
everyone else does because she was in
pretty woman that's just how the world
works like pretty woman Julie Roberts
beautiful ok but then Jason park it
should be basically Jason park should
have been in Pretty Woman this what I'm
trying to say and the reason is
beautiful is because brett novek did it
k he's a genius when he gets behind a
camera he's like the genie from Aladdin
ok he grabs that thing he's like I know
what to do because I'm a big blue dude
that just can press buttons and move
camera awesome but seriously Brenner
he's a great friend of mine and I'm so
proud him on this one he killed it and
wow just wow so claps claps for brett
novek but in all seriousness guys jason
park you already know who he is ok
because he's one of the most
untraditional creative unique
skateboarders out there right now like
he's pushing boundaries so much that
he's a pusher ok you just as we can call
him as a pusher and Brett Novak and him
got together and filmed a really really
really awesome a video part okay it's
over on Brett no max channel which I'll
link in a second Takei when the screen
changes click that bottom link and go
over and watch the new video part it is
good and then subscribe to Brett while
you're at it because it's just a good
investment of your time I do daily
videos here myself salute the top link
but mainly check out jason sparks new
part it is amazing very very much
you
