I switched my 40 on flat ground who does
that Christian does that apparently
because he's just a skateboarder than
not we are that's how good he is he does
even me but I can't even make sense I'm
talking about it but honestly Christian
gets something that just not anybody
does in the whole world okay he just is
switched 540 on flat ground
dolphin flip back 500 forward flip we're
ever gonna call it he's good okay he's
good so good that he makes me seem like
a banker I'm talking about because he's
because I'm that excited but in all
honesty Christian is is my skateboarder
of the moment right now I met him in LA
he's a super nice down-to-earth dude and
he's mind-blowing on a skateboard he
actually does YouTube videos it's kind
of cool because you meet someone of this
like well you can you can like 540
dolphin flip it was big spin just throw
in words and he could do that trick and
you meet him and he's just like one of
the dudes and he's he's awesome he does
videos here on YouTube and you need to
go check out his channel okay so when
the screen changes here in a second
it'll be the bottom link go check it out
and subscribe he's like I said he's
doing YouTube it's kind of awesome to
see someone like that doing heat videos
here on YouTube so check them out
subscribe to him you would like it and
then I do daily videos here myself so
the top link will be me but mainly check
out Chris people and I got more footage
that he sent over to me coming so be
excited go where are you come on
Oh to get back on the screen all right
I'm on a concrete floor so I can totally
just roll out of the shot like bye that
was a serious you know you know what's
gonna happen one time is that I'm just
true
you're completely gonna hit a pebble and
eat it Brian yeah that's what's gonna
happen
Chris yeah
you
