alright guys one of those videos where I
grab the camera and go into nature
because it's beautiful when I talk to
the camera about something serious but
I'm gonna be honest nature is not that
beautiful right now but the message is
gonna be beautiful I promise I like to
do this once where I'll give you a
little insight on how I view life and
this one is about people and how they
like to get down on other people's
ambitions and dreams I mean people like
to suck sometimes gay honestly they just
they just think negatively and in
anytime of life just try to think
positive and it's usually the best
attitude okay like a good positive
attitude can get you through a lot
really as cheesy as that is it's just
the cold hard truth so when I was
younger there was a moment that I kinda
remember I was like one of the first
times that someone kind of was like hey
head to your dreams your dreams are an
idiot right there your dreams are so
stupid I was getting driven home by my
girlfriend's mom at the time just just
me and her okay which is awkward for
like a 16 year old you're like I know my
girlfriend's mom's right there and she
basically tried to convince me that
skateboarding was going to take me
nowhere in life and that I should just
I don't know necessarily stop doing it
but that's the vibe I got like hey
shouldn't be a skateboarder I was gonna
that's not gonna do anything for you
first off it made me happy so right
there
I feel like hey this makes you happy if
something makes you happy don't not do
it okay that's what life's about is
being happy okay if you go through life
and you have five billion dollars but
you hate it every step of the way
there's no point that and you're dumb
sorry you got to enjoy life I was bummed
on the situation but I didn't really
think too much into it because like I
want to be a professional skateboarder
all that but deep down and then upcoming
years I kind of like you know what I'm
probably not gonna make a lot of money
being a skateboarder and I you know I
went to college and I had all these
ambitions for different careers and
funny because I ended up totally making
a living out of skateboarding I wasn't
necessarily meaning it like I was
thinking I want to be an author thinking
I wanted to study languages which I did
kind of study languages but in the end I
was like what am I good at I'm gonna be
in an idiot in front of the camera and
skating is fun I love it so I combined
them and I start making videos on
YouTube and it kept going and it turned
into a company in itself like I own my
own escape we're coming now and it's
going good for a combination of my
youtube videos that have gained a lot of
following online to my company like I
can support my family and get by every
day and it's it's just it's a priceless
feeling to wake it up and saying like I
have a lot to do today
but I love doing it that's something
that like I feel
that's the view shut up cellphone I feel
like that's the goal in life you know
like that's the endgame like to look
back and be like I did it I made a
living of what I love to do and I don't
regret a thing and I got there and no
offense girlfriend ex-girlfriends mom
you're wrong you were totally wrong
you're a nice person I'm sure you're
still a nice person but man don't stomp
on people's dreams that's ridiculous
like even if it's a crazy dream like I'm
gonna make a living by playing marbles I
don't know if you could do that but
who's just tell the dude that just wants
to play marbles for a living that he
can't do that because this day and age
you can find a way to do anything you
use your brain and be stubborn and try
different ways you're eventually gonna
get to somewhere okay even if is playing
marbles so I just kind of want to share
that story with you and just kind of
drill in like if you have a crazy idea
or you love doing something and that's
what you want to do with your life let
no one stop you okay don't let this
video somehow it tells you to stop don't
listen this video don't listen to
anything telling you you can't do
something because we're deaf heart and
passion and stubbornness and just keep
going you could accomplish pretty much
anything that's rolling I might accept
flying I'm still working on that but
still and I know this is similar to a
lot of my videos but it's kind of the
same message like never give up like
that's really what it's all about
ignore all the people talking trash on
the way let this be is kind of like
inspiration I guess I'm not trying to
like say hey let me inspire you but take
take my story for a proof that you could
literally make a living out of what you
love to do and people will try to get
you down and talk negative not believe
in you but you believing in yourself
that's what matters okay not even nobody
else really nobody else okay
and it doesn't even matter what age you
are okay I mean even if you're like 85
years old you still turn your life
around I mean you see those bodybuilder
ads ever that's like 85 year old dude
he's kind of fat like I don't like to
use that word but he must get kind of
fat and then three years later he's all
like Hulk Hogan like you know muscle and
like the thin just like wow that guy
totally did it he was 85 so don't let
age be an issue like if you want to
change your life start right now right
at this moment okay even if you're
working 16 hours a day like go home and
spend one hour before you go to bed on
your dream or passion and make it happen
okay the only person that is gonna stop
you from doing what you want to do is
you everyone else does not matter okay
don't even worry about them I mean
because with enough integrity you can do
pretty much anything
except apparently make nature not suck
this winter because it's really sucked
but whatever guys subscribe for daily
videos I do skateboarding random pranks
skits whatever I come up with my head on
a daily basis so I will talk to you guys
in the future for the camera tradition
hoho boom double throw don't throw power
walk music starts
not cool doing these walk-and-talk
nature videos cuz I should just be like
like oh boy um scratching down the rain
and okay see that's my point there's a
dude right over there and now he thinks
I'm entirely insane if you just saw me
walking with a camera he'd be like that
guy's always sort of crazy now I'm
insane I'm gonna leave
