max you want to film the radical video
what me and you man me and you skating
all right what do you wanna do you first
you trick Japan he took off his shirt so
now he's like way more likely to land
this told you no shirt no shirt boy he
has a shirt you just took off a shirt
and then you landed it
you took off my shirt that's what did it
looks fantastic job Andrew Lucas hit me
in the face I didn't mean to
I'm gonna not high-five him just because
ninja would complain about it did you
see that video for how a ninja made fun
of high-fiving yeah I did he hates us
then hey you got the trick man let you
pay there I just did a bunch of stuff
that should've been faster and cleaner
nobody knew that
every single time Thomas noses bored
down he goes like this and I'm going to
start filming
