Ryden are you ready to skateboard let's
put your helmet on okay all right so it
is father/son day and riding here is
still obsessed with skateboarding so I
brought him to the warehouse and we're
gonna do some skating everybody say more
excited say yes ah yes yes haha there
you go
you want you wanted to do it on the box
we'll get uncle Brian's board kick his
shoes cuz we don't like his shoes I'm
kidding
kicking is bad don't kick stuff buddy
yeah Kings bad yeah
are you ready to skateboard let's do it
lean back
I'm glad to help you out okay right
grind Oreo you're ready that was your
first time riding by yourself was that
fun you wanna do it again so that's our
little Sunday skate session right ridin
yeah who do I love ah the helmet off you
can take your helmet off yeah
leave it on yeah well then who do I love
me you that's a good there's a lot of
skateboards up in the wall aren't there
hi say goodbye oh no say to you by here
hey tell the camera say I like
skateboarding take us kinda
you
