once upon a time I said I was gonna do
it Richy Jackson video and I meant i'm
gonna try to learn firecracker Caleb's
out and I'm probably gonna suck at this
but either way iconic Richy Jackson set
right here let's do this people oh how
am I gonna do this justin I don't know
how are you I guess I just try to roll
down and slap my tail on it that you do
seems like a good plan just one day you
know what happens you know it happens
when you do fire Gregor's is let you get
this on your tail I used epigraphic I
don't anymore all right good firecracker
without yiannis that was really hard
there's no way I'm gonna I'm gonna go
win this but I'll try great for this
trust I'm ready this is this is a life
laying on the ground after you've been
good oh hi brett novek give us gay board
here's your skin thank you
alright I'm going to put all of my
effort in this one okay so getting close
and dramatic so it looks like it's like
in a trans roll video fire crackling
right here right on YouTube you know
what kind of done it without you guys
thanks for everybody that follows me
don't forget to comment rate subscribe
is Andy struck signing off so sick Katie
I'm a fan no fan nice embrace
but seriously guys Richie has a channel
here on YouTube and he does crazy things
like he does on his skateboard every
time and he's somewhere he's floating
behind me we click this box right here
and I faith that his face will appear in
it eventually and click it awesome
videos and he's a legend so Richard
Jackson's channel people catch the
camera
you
