YouTube what's up guys so today I'm
going to do something that I haven't
done in a long time I'm gonna feature my
old skate footage and if you go back far
enough most of this stuff is on my
channel I think but if you haven't seen
it sit back enjoy this footage and I
will talk a little bit after it here's
some skateboarding from some of the best
times in my life
you need to watch the skate putted oh
now you're looking ok there was guys
there there's some raw footage just of
me skateboarding when I was growing up
it's weird that online the goofy stuff
gets so many more views and I just to me
skateboarding like that is what it's
really about like having fun is number
one but going out and challenging
yourself and jumping down gaps and rails
and all that stuff that's what it is to
me that's what I want and I know the
title it says my best skateboarding ever
and it that is accurate in a way but in
a lot of ways like I'm way better and
technical and more creative stuff than I
was back then but to me like I want to
jump down rails and gaps in my life and
my job and career and being a dad it
prevents me from kind of staying on top
of that so I don't get to do it as often
as I'd like so to me like when I think I
would need to get better skateboarding I
think I need to be jumping down stuff
that's why you did this title another
thing is it was crazy seeing just how
much life has changed for me besides
just dressing terribly having terrible
haircuts and looking as weird as I did
but no like I never would have imagined
that I was able to like go from that to
actually having a life and skateboarding
I'm super thankful I do miss just being
able to skate and have fun and just film
and not worry about so much other things
but you know to happen now we have skate
companies that I owe to my friends and
an online skate shop it's just nuts I'll
put all that stuff down there but just I
don't know this it was really cool to
look back on this stuff and just relive
those days for a second I don't look at
old footage enough apparently I hope you
guys dug this if you have been watching
you long enough that you've seen most of
this thank you thank you for watching my
channel for this long it extremely means
a lot I have more of this stuff if you
guys want to see another batch of this
just give this video thumbs up and I
will upload another batch and I guess
that's it I have a goofy skate video
tomorrow and then I have like a griptape
art video on Sunday always videos
happening so if you guys want to see
more vids from me and you're already not
subscribed there's a button right below
the video you should subscribe and
you're signed up to see more but yeah
there's a reminder guys going out there
and challenge yourself in skateboarding
that is what it's all about go do it
better yourself set goals and have fun
that's it that should be it a t-shirt
okay put that on t-shirt I don't know if
I'd buy it because I said
that'd be kind of weird if I was if I
was wearing my words on a shirt I'll be
really weird I'm not gonna do that but
what if I buy a shirt it has something
around that I've said before should I
wear it so I'm buying f75 I should take
this off I'm gonna go and I contemplate
this hey are you gonna sleep hey you're
gonna sleep I'll take that as a yes
you have no idea that this chunk of
plastic right here puts you in front of
a bunch of people they're watching it
right now they're like yeah I'm looking
at this cat and you have no idea that
more than like three people exist in the
world now you're not even looking at me
