is that triple yeah there you go that
was very tragic right and when that
happened I just felt in my heart and the
way I reacted completely captures how I
was worried about Alex no no you my
friend just made a fall Friday oh yeah
seriously what like I mean honestly like
as much as I love Alex and I like this
trick like I thought it was cool and I
was even joya baloch but it was anyone
surprised that that happened he was
rolling on an old school board holding
his board jumps off the old school board
does a triple flip with his Lord and
lands on it except he didn't he landed
on earth exploded into the concrete but
my point is that no one would ever be
surprised that Alex ended up on the
ground very very fastly off of his
skateboard onto his body but luckily
this was just a light-hearted fun
falling in and of course didn't get hurt
but if you did get hurt out of felt bad
okay and I wouldn't have laughed at him
and told him using me to fall Friday but
even though he would have been in a fall
Friday because that's just how it works
when you fall in front of my camera and
if you watched we want revenge for tea
which came out a couple weeks ago this
trick was actually in there and yes he
did land it no it was not I'm sure a
bunch of people had no idea that it was
a triple flip though at first he was
trying double and I was like dude I
think it's going triple and then he's
like all right I'll just kind of try to
fling it faster and then he ended up
doing it
but it was not smooth at all it was
really sloppy grants it was triple flip
I know you can be sloppy on a triple
flip people still like you but I'm
saying Alex needs a land is smoother so
go down there and give this video a
thumbs up if you want Alex to to put his
board where as a something else was and
land the smooth and of course alex has
his own YouTube channel which I'll link
right at the top of the info so check
that out cuz really entertaining videos
is one of my favorite channels on
YouTube here not because my friend
because he's actually smart with a
camera and he's a weird goofy dude but I
hope you guys like this video I will be
back every single day because your daily
videos and then I'll be back in a couple
of weeks with another fall Fridays so
make sure you hit the subscribe button
if you're already knots I am gonna go
I'm gonna go do something but it's not
gonna be a finger flip triple flip off
of old tool board not so sure
look at your internet meme didn't I man
how many YouTube videos you have to make
until you do not care what your face
looks like on the internet like if
someone's screen grabs some of my face I
mean there could be really embarrassing
book somewhere suppose you publish a
book they'll be good i would buy it i
wouldn't happen you i wouldn't even want
money from it i would just be honored
that someone made a book of my stupid
faces just saying it's a business
opportunity people people like to see
stupid faces
you
