how in the world would you do a manual
double flip manual
I could barely kickflip out of manuals
in fact it's been a while since I've
done one so I don't even know if I can
do that but this is another batch of
footage from Billy Hanning whom films
his brother Shaun handing and his
friends and it comes out amazing every
single time so if you like what you saw
click that bottom link right down there
and go over to Billy's channel you will
like what you see he has a good group of
friends that are really good at
skateboarding and then right there on
the top that's me I do daily videos like
this so hit the subscribe button but
Bailey
check out Billy and go try to do a
manual don't fool man you can't do it
I'm just just saying not to be mean he's
probably can't do it
you
