what's up guys so this horrible winter
has made me wait way too long for this
video but I'm here I owe you guys a 540
footless mainboard I'm going to try to
make it happen and it's probably be hard
so who knows if it will but uh it is
what it is so I'm gonna go warm up with
some tricks that nobody cares about
really that much let's go
dolly with no nose
oh I might have to take it that was like
chopstick hang right I'm good with
chopsticks you know I'm all right with
him everyone out there's like I can
chopsticks with rice no problem well
then maybe you should fight for to flip
on them anymore because it's impossible
that was Dallas Thank You Dallas filming
welcome thank you Tim may for the
skateboard thank you my mom birthing me
thank you not winter because you're
still here you suck that's about it
think think I got everybody
you
