all right guys
you obviously know that that clip was
impressive and entertaining and the
tricks that were done they're really
good they were awesome skateboarding and
all that but did you take a second to
really realize how much effort that
probably took to put together like who
directed that
I mean I know this was actually filmed
and done by my friend Cody and his crew
but that that's just darn right
impressive
darn right darn right darn right it
really is like you have to drink that
shot like I got you on your mark you
freaking go that way and then when he
does that go that way but you make sure
you look over here when he gives the
signal throw that this way it's like I
wouldn't that's impressive so applause
applause to Cody and his buds for doing
this clip but if you want to see more
from Cody and the HP crew click that
right down there the bottom link would
take you to their page where they're
putting out a lot of awesome content
like seriously good skating so check
that out and enjoy it I and do daily
videos myself so click the top link for
me but mainly check out HP visuals guys
funny fact actually the vx they're using
is the one that I use for years and
years and years and that camera has gone
on to do wonderful things like the best
camera ever heard of fun fact click that
bottom link also fun fact I spelled
Looney Tunes wrong up there so you don't
have to comment about it
but you probably will anyway because
that's what people do on the Internet
good bye
