youtube what's up guys so to start this
video i have a little trick for you okay
i have mario in one hand and a bomb and
the other can we put them together we
have a boo because Mario got blew up by
the bomb ha you did it this time Annie
you're stupid but guys this is an update
video we're talking about life and all
that stuff and you might listen you
might not you might actually just be
what list of music right now or I'm on
the screen talking you don't even know
what I'm saying but I'll fill you in
about how my life is going ok because
it's about to get pretty awesome there's
like a light at the end of a tunnel ok
and it's a pretty cool tunnel in a min
but the light is gonna be even cooler is
what I'm trying to say but first I have
a backstory ok in December my life got
pretty crazy ok the holiday season
revived it selling a bunch of stuff
gotta send packages out and not sleep in
I'm going crazy all that stuff is
happening and then when that settled
down I had to start gearing up to
release live skate die the revived full
length and that was a headache in itself
and it was an awesome headache but it
took a lot out of me and I was a busy
dude and then right after the video gets
released I have to move into the
warehouse my life has been like punch
kick elbow in the face it's just been a
bunch of things back to back to back but
now it's gonna get a little easier k
because we're moved into the warehouse
which I'll actually talk about later on
this video but I'm about to go to
California to film for like a week and
just hang out with the dudes could be a
really fun time and i would like to
pause for just a second and say it's
gonna be awesome being california but i
am going to miss my family it could be
really rough so it's like every time I
leave it's like it's like I'm happy to
be do what I'm doing what I'm doing but
I really wish I was back home with a
family it's just the price you pay of
being in a family you care about some
people but I digress k i'm back to this
so I'm gonna go to California and that's
gonna be a good time when I get back my
life is literally just going to be
shipping out revive stuff which is way
easier and faster in the warehouse and
then to filming videos and then spending
time with my little dude and all that
fun stuff and life is going to go back
to being a little easier i do have a
Philadelphia weekend in april i think
that's not concrete just yet but either
way I don't have any like big trips
planned and I'm really excited like I'm
gonna get I'm gonna have time to film
goofy videos the ones that you might not
even care about but like you're gonna
see me being an idiot in front of the
camera it's what is what was what my
words are trying to portray right now
he's right man the bunt on a more bumper
note this thing right here if you
see it this thing sucks I have no idea
what's wrong with my leg I've have a
feeling it might be from like walking
around the hard concrete floor of the
warehouse all day but like I'm freaking
getting older I am not 15 anymore and my
knee hurts like when I skate it feels
kind of funky so I don't know I'm
feeling yoga or take I don't know I need
to do something I need to rest up
stretch do something but my knee kind of
sucks right now which kind of worries me
cuz I'm going to California to film so I
don't hopefully I don't hurt it because
you know as skateboarders you like have
something that's at issue and you don't
stop and fix it you're like I'm she
could skate anyway and then let's see
what happens there now that I think
about that's more like a male thing guys
are just stupid like that but uh
hopefully hopefully it's all right I
just had to tell you guys what about the
revived warehouse and you to tell you
all about it okay it is in full effect
but first we didn't have heat or
electricity so it was very cold working
out after like come here to the office
and I have to print all the orders and
team of the warehouse and then put it
together and then send them on their way
and it was not be obtained if you've hit
hey boo a being but now that we have
electricity we're up and running we have
everything there everything's good and
it's awesome it is literally a dream
come true or so I just want to say
everybody thank you so much for getting
us to the point where we are now and
it's a small space you know it's not a
huge area but we have room to skate and
we have room to hang out we have room to
run our business so I can't thank you
guys enough like oh my gosh it literally
is a dream come true and i know i always
say so like this but i'm always gonna be
so just get could be okay here in it
because it's not gonna stop and i
actually have the very first video of
the warehouse is called shred quarters
that's the warehouses name and I've
video coming out tomorrow has us go
around skating in it and you guys will
get a glimpse of what it is we're gonna
have three new decks coming next month
okay along with the other ones like
especially because some of the sizes are
selling out or about to sell out so
we'll have all of our normal decks
restocked and then we're going to have
three new decks and one of them is
limited edition and only 100 of them are
going to be made so to stay tuned for
more information on that stuff but basic
be excited people also we have at least
three new shirts coming so some exciting
stuff is happening the spring / summer
and get your excited glasses on because
you have to put him on believe it or not
I just came up with that in the spot
that's why I was really stupid
I feel like this video is happy sad
happy sad because I've got another
bummer thing other than I need to talk
about this is way more but more than my
knee because my knee is still a thriving
and alive and harold ramis passed away
okay and most of my people that watch my
videos probably don't know Harold Remus
was but he was a brilliant writer
director and actor like oh my gosh okay
Moe he was mostly known for Egon in the
Ghostbusters films and they were working
on the third one like they've been
battling it for years and i really
wanted to see enough third Ghostbusters
film but uh so I just want to say this
is a bummer everyone take a moment of
silence and say Harold Remus you rocked
okay buddy and just enjoy his past work
because it was really good stuff I would
like to take a second to say that I
really do hope that they push
Ghostbusters forward and I kind of
reboot it and I'm sure like is existing
parts of the gold casket like help out
and whatnot but I'm definitely not one
of those people that say like now go
touch it okay you're gonna ruin
everything how you gonna ruin something
that's already good you give me a
thousand Star Wars movies but I'm gonna
go back and watch the original trilogy
know maybe like this is good okay I
really don't care about some clone wars
cartoon that everyone hates like i enjoy
these three movies and you can't mess
with that so i am all for ghostbusters
getting rebooted in a new era of
ghostbusters because only two movies and
i feel like these days they'd be able to
make it really cool and I mean Egon
would have wanted it that way in fact
harab Ramos was working on ghostbusters
3 like a script like he actually thought
was going to happen so come on continue
some some work here fellas but on a more
serious note move movies to see I suck
at seeing movies lately but I really
want to see the lego movie and it's
funny because like I have heard so many
of dudes my age and older say like lego
movie is legit like I really want to see
it has to be funny I've heard enough
about it that I'm that skip them it's on
my list to see also I'm not really crazy
about Captain America because the first
one was just okay but the new captain
america looks pretty good I mean if you
put the captain america toast in a
toaster it would come out as toast but
I'm just saying it would be it would be
cool it looks good so uh I'm excited for
that too that's it I had you an update
video because I'm going to head to
California I'll be in LA in southern
california in general this weekend and
then next week i will be in san fran
go and then friday next friday i'm back
here so if you see me definitely come
say what's up remember I'm definite
right here so if I ignore you just yell
louder hit me on the shoulder do
something and then I'm excited to meet
people out there and videos to come like
I said the first tread quarters video
will come out tomorrow and then I have
assortment I think we have a revived
randomness coming out next weekend then
videos every single day so stay tuned
guys thank you for watching up subscribe
button down there for daily videos and
then uh this is my new shirt i ordered
this from macys i felt like a girl
because i shopped at macy's shouldn't
shouldn't feel that way now and frankly
I didn't even think before I set that
but update I'll just go
but this is a YouTube of course is a
YouTube video there on youtube watching
it could be on Facebook and II it's
still a YouTube video dum-dum other and
you I'm arguing with my head come on
it's let's get ourselves together guys
holiday season games we're selling a
bunch of stuff send in pitch Shh what is
that sending a freaking whispery wind
that's what we're selling how about that
revive whispery wit setup you've reached
the end the video where I like to throw
water bottles up and catch them in my
hand perfectly
you
