they had oh that was good one and a half
it was at the end is they put up from
random words it will open stick of this
chunk of another elephant's butt and
then they were nothing eating it that's
the crazy elephant right there that was
certainly amazing that was prestige I
was like call of duty prestige
all right hands down no contest that was
the very best shove a telegram shove it
you'll ever see at least this is my
favorite one I get the style how perfect
it was it was so good-looking and it was
actually supposed to be in the bonus
footage of a live skate died but um I'm
an idiot and I forgot to put it in there
so here it is along some other footage
of Alex that I haven't released and if
you like what you saw click that bottom
link right there that'll take you to
alex's channel he has some of the most
entertaining skate videos on YouTube but
you would like what you see I do a daily
videos myself like this so click the top
link for me but mainly click Alex and if
you want to argue um just don't or do I
don't care but uh I'll see you guys
later thank you for watching subscribe
to Alex goodbye
you
