the time has come once again guys what
are you talking videos are sometimes
screwed up okay I'm like talking and
then I spaz out or I say something
really stupid or my head just like just
makes me talk things that just doesn't
make sense
so without further ado this here is the
funniest bloopers on Tosh 13 things are
about to get pretty weird weirder than a
dude riding 13 on his chest and pen did
this myself I shouldn't be proud of it
but I am a little bit no I'm not one of
those people they're like I'm gonna be
different because I believe that there's
no today now they're absolutely
yesterday you're you talk but is that
good mental app I kind of coffee left
which is called a calf that is a baby
cow no I'm not necessarily strong enough
to rip my skateboard nav personally or
thankfully honestly that's the word Andy
you figured it out dummy noise I started
making it and I was like I just kept
doing I hit the record button because I
don't know how to do that that is the
absolute last clip that you thought you
were gonna start right there you got you
thought you're gonna stall you thought
you're gonna see sorry Andy that's me
yeah that's me you're okay I have my
this thing what it what is what are you
calling you've got a desktop computer
because you're on a desk you're on top
of desk come on shut up I love Thomas
Alfred I mean Brian
that doesn't help progress the situation
let's just see how hard I fall maybe
like a jelly bean falling from a factory
what
I didn't know a hand was a transformer
shut up
forgive me if I found found freak you
don't talk Andy this sucks it sucks the
world sucks when you talk Eddie frankly
we just need more people like right here
a DVD that's backwards
good job you felt that one through Andy
what was that
oh that like 12 year old girl happy to
growl mad like you're an interesting
character Andy and I like to see where
like I look forward to seeing where this
this character will take you what gosh
I'm horrible I turned over the record
button
roof dust my gosh look at this is on
Valentine's Day next year next month I'm
talking a little bit too fast today
and when I say words and aren't correct
it just perturbs me
all right and yes I would love some
spinach it sounded like I was 13 I go
through puberty why I said that like an
excited sports fan but did I did it
really that's kind of clip that makes
you sit back in her wounded and say did
he what did he sound like and why did he
sound that way and am i invested
watching this video keep contact to us
make a contact to us is that like it
wasn't Star Wars talk like I got into
contact to us that was not Star Wars at
all this is the look of disappointment
yourself okay so if you ever look in the
mirror and you see this space you're
like I'm disappointed myself even if you
didn't mean to be okay it just happens
that way for my brother you know like
he's part of my family
really why do you have that ringtone
it's a rotary phone Wow wait last minute
of the phone who's gonna do I this
that was me sucking back all the stupid
things I just said another thing was
actually stupid I just wasn't actually
saying the words then I wanted to be
saying I mean I'm not me I'm not hating
on the people that did not have a gender
but um I don't know anyone so it is kind
of weird you know like it's like it's if
you met a french fry that was actually
like a fruit it would be like a fruit
what am I talking about and upon further
contemplation personally would it worked
up just fine words I don't have any
control of them but uh but I have a kind
of did what that was that was hands down
like that one dude from Looney Tunes so
maybe that's all folks that folks money
I should know this you're gonna go to
the video at the end of this video shut
up you Andy even on Christmas my
intelligence and words just flies out
the window and goes to Florida is like
you know what I'm gonna get a suntan
then he ends up on the beach for way too
long because I wait dude I forgot to go
to Christmas and then just I don't
really know I'm going with a store it's
pretty stupid to be honest with you
this is funniest blue dream on blue /
blue / can I say that like forget things
in Mario bloopin around its boob montage
funniest blue / I'm freaking bloop in
the bloops I wasn't bad always doing
things same but at the same time was it
I don't know that's for you to decide
this video is like a book interpretation
is open stop talking
