it says now we're live now y-yeah if I
turn to my face how are you what's up
guys if you're watching this when it's
not live it's just a video of me talking
to live dudes and dudettes about picking
my skateboard for me I want you to walk
around the warehouse and I'm gonna let
them pick my board so what's up everyone
joining I didn't announce this sorry for
the randomness which that's usually how
I do my live videos so you're probably
used to that
but yeah I'm just gonna I'm putting any
other new skateboard I got a lot of
action out of my last one and I wanted
you guys to help me pick my next
skateboard and then I'll hang around for
a few minutes and talk to you guys about
just whatever questions you want to ask
so Bryan will you grab this and we'll
walk around I will kind of flip it I
reiterate this what I'm doing joining
now okay so we're just gonna walk around
I'm gonna show you guys the skateboard
options and you guys get to pick it
Bryan Ames will read your comments and
pick who's what board is getting shouted
out the most so let's start right here
so this is like Todd I white chunk me on
lifeguard and area same stuff yeah
that's amazing so but here you catch the
dread chunk with the wood background we
have the neon board very uh spreading
this poplar deck right now right
yep Devin wait that's a super cool deck
beyond lifeline we've got some Pro decks
monsters Halloween so that would make
sense we got John Hill's like Dragon
type thing going on
it's a neon neon I know it's super good
I've already skated it though I want
mine skating this I've never skated this
cat double cat look at that
I don't know if that's modeled after a
specific cat but it's a cat over here
this is one of my favorites too we got
the 3d script there's that we're gonna
keep it going we're going to revisit
this at the end because piller just
comment to whatever you're on I know I
know that it's desolate so just try to
bear all these in mind guys okay so
there's 3d cat I love this deck I have
this at home grips are ready to go but
I'm not at my house right now so ice
skated eventually if you guys don't pick
that who does the designs hey what's up
JP here's Johnny's I don't think I've
ever skated this I might have but it's a
red Dex I'm scared of that board yeah
Johnny's dead the Swiss got dug I've
never skated this one pizza man
captain pizza pizza man it's been a
second for this one
that's going let's go over here hey
there dog you're the favorite now let's
try to makers rocking this right now yes
he is
Johnny Geiger skal series right yep
we're going to put those out and those
are a summer mm-hmm like you know what
I'm really like dogs
Doug's one I'm Anna skated that's cool
this one's growing me a lot oh that's
like a board but now like I really like
it I think I've seen a few people
skating and I'm like that looks good and
then we got Johnny's monster got some
like samsquanch got going on neon
lifeline is the is the clear winners
really yeah let's keep going just a
little bit longer because I really want
to skate it thank you for all your
orders guys yes thank you
there yeah you see is it too dark now we
got it Aran's I like this a lot
okay so I'll cut it off there we'll go
over there let's come over here comments
right now what you just saw gonna flip
it back talk yeah
all right let's read them all comment
come on tell me what you what we're uh
what I'm gonna put together to come back
here Cairo Wow Kyra neon
yeah I'm John John Hill Aaron neon red
junk Cairo chunk neon Cairo Cairo Neon
Neon this is so close
alright we've boiled it down to Cairo or
neon so only now those are the finalists
okay only comment Cairo or neon starting
right now
aeryn aeryn aeryn aeryn aeryn
Neon Neon Aaron Aaron neon Aaron neon
Aaron Aaron Neon Neon Aaron I think it's
neon dude I think it's neon I don't know
dude it's like a dead dude a mobi Aaron
I don't know it's so tough let's start
counting okay so you count neons and I
count Cairo starting right now okay
alright one two three
four five six seven eight nine 10 11 12
13 14 15 what you at 13 its 16 17 18 19
20 in my blast new I love water I'm 16
all right I just Kyra its hearin that's
crazy it's probably just like the amount
of comments at that time like all the
air and people like really alright
someone just get errands I'm gonna go
grab that and start start putting it
together and you guys can just ask me
some questions and we'll do a little Q&A
right now I'm not doing I can actual
video today so this is kind of like in
its place and hang out with me for a
second guys following you
yeah yeah ask some questions people it's
Q&A time guys everybody's commenting me
on and Kiro still no we're done alright
stop commenting yeah is the winner yes
ask some questions we're gonna set the
skateboard up how did you get into
skateboards I was at a comic shop and if
you guys been following my channel you
primer there's way too often but I was
at a comic shop playing Star Wars cards
and Magic the Gathering and stuff and a
buddy that used to make fun of me for
playing Star Wars cards he had a
skateboard and we just went out he
wasn't gonna but he was like my enemy at
the time but he turned in to be one of
my best friends of all time
we went out of the skate park to start
skating and it was a it was history ever
since what's your favorite TV show right
now it's stranger things but I love the
office of Parks and Rec those are super
good Star Trek next generation is really
good but right now I cannot wait until
stranger things to somebody asked what
ridin is being for Halloween he's being
a ninja he had all these very specific
ideas and he ends up being just like a
general ninja which is cool I'm all
about like you know like as a parent I'm
like I kind of want him to be like he
wanted to be a werewolf a fever swamp
goosebumps awesome that's rad
and then he wanted to be a generic ninja
and I was like man and then I was like
whoops
that's terrible with me I didn't I never
like told him that I wanted didn't
wanted to be it but like for me to even
think just suggest him anyway was like I
felt super bad and that made me realize
I was like he's got a beat what he wants
to be let me make sure I'm saying fields
names and Rory asks what's the scariest
trick you've ever done like the most
terrifying trick I mean probably hollow
mat 16 like that terrified me get my
wheel no I hit my bong to my wheel on
the top of the rail and I got into
boardslide somehow still like imagine
being on the sixes there and hitting
your wheat your front truck mm-hmm it
worked out though I like survived grow
metric boy asks what boards are going to
become Technic the first one it'll be
out in mid-december it's gonna be
Johnny's Kerber that servers deck yeah
so but they've got some good ones coming
out like early next year too so yeah
there's gonna be after the initial wave
period is gonna be gone coming out I
really hope we can get like a ramp like
imagine like a ramp combo pack gonna be
a mini so cool a little poor guys for
helping us make that happen it's like
it's boggles my brain that I'm that
something that I that we created is
gonna be on a on a finger board on
Technic Oh see here ephra Aziz asked
when did you start your company Andy's
the one I technically was at 2010 2011
it
Venge it was and then we change it
survive here that's the questions people
ask those questions
I will tell you guys this though
tomorrow I am featuring some like OG
footage of me on the streets and it was
really cool to put together have you
guys been watching my channel for a long
time you've seen most of it but it was
really cool putting together just like
oh geez game footage
my kids want it they keep asking uh well
Chris is yes what sighs you scheming
cyborg
this is an eight inch deck designed this
is designed by JP Qbert and I've got AM
grip with a goal to sticker underneath I
liked when I was being what I need to do
something quick I always go gold because
it's just flashing it looks good
all right cross about mathe ask what's
your worst injury slide and smash my
head I went deaf in this year from it I
have a constant ringing so if anyone
tells you it's stupid to wear a helmet
they're wrong and you save your life all
right
co2 rewind ask would you eat a dinosaur
sandwich I feel like you know like a
dinosaur would eat you I feel like it's
completely legit and cool to eat a
dinosaur I would eat a dinosaur sandwich
I would feel bad because I want to see
the dinosaur alive in that aspect I
wouldn't feel that I would you'd rather
eat a dinosaur sandwich or see a real
dinosaur I'd rather see a real dancer
but I needed that oh when did you meet
Aaron Cairo I don't remember meeting
Aaron for the first time I saw Aaron
skate footage and I knew how good he was
and then he like just from like seeing
his video like he's so good especially
back then like he was doing things that
like I never saw someone doing a manual
three flip back to manual and and then
he hit me up and said hey
I used to have some sponsors I kind of
got out of industry and I love what
you're doing can I ride for you and that
was like one of the only people that got
on to revive just by like not knowing
them because we're such a family you
know and then I met him and I was like
dude this guy is like it's like he
belongs from the beginning you know so
it was pretty early on and I've always
loved what Aaron does and he does so
much for skateboarding so yeah that's
how I met we finally actually skated
like years two years later in San
Francisco it was possible all right
Thunderfoot Reich check asks what's your
favorite band my favorite band is
Cameron which I've actually been forcing
up to meet him and do some videos with
them I also love a lot of like catchy
punk like AFI rise against strung out
the list could go on for a long time
this is a good one
boface 187's most embarrassing story
from high school high school yeah you
can do this trying to think of one that
I can put it say on the Internet most
embarrassing story to me comes from that
didn't happen to me but but a guy that I
won't say his name he was sitting in
Burger King and I don't I'm fortunate
enough to not have anything like this
that I can that I can say on the
Internet
there's some pretty bad stories but um
he was send an Internet and like his
burger while I was deaf yeah he was
sitting on the Internet he was sitting
at Burger King like after skating with
his friends and his fly was down and he
had no boxers on it was just like broad
daylight there there was that guy's
wiener I'm amazing I'll tell you I don't
know this one and everyone just was like
what's like hey do your wieners out
wicked man he went bright red I wasn't
there for it but I know the story so
that's a pretty funny story
and you have a crushing of the comments
right now a command I can use I like
this I think is even more I need to do
more impromptu live so we buy some
Levi's Smith that's what's the best
trick you've ever landed and it's
actually in this video that I talked
about that's coming up tomorrow is that
I did this really low and long frontside
boardslide on like a 10 foot long ledge
and it started out low and then at the
end it's like this tall maybe like this
tall I don't know but I could've died
and that I like the day I did and I was
just like I couldn't believe I did it so
that's not that exciting to hear about
but that is one of my favorite tricks
I've ever done so I did I went to fakie
- so tomorrow when you see me do it like
a big long front board to fakie on this
out ledge that's what I'm talking about
Jared and I asks are you writing another
book yeah I've been trying to write the
follow-up to my existing book and I I
will get to it I just need to take a
vacation and go right for like a whole
weekend to get me have a groove but it's
coming one day I promise you will come
out changing a little bit a little bit
here
oh I can integrate into Shannon McHugh
asks how do you cut your grip so good
he's been doing a long time over 19
years house when I was editing my old
skate footage and I was like I looked so
much better now than I did then they do
how weird I looked yes yes I do
like I was like wait heavier and that
wasn't just it like to close the air
like everything was just kind of
hilarious so if you want a comedy
tomorrow watch that video I can never
remember which one's fine tabby to Opie
the one on the left is that's the front
not the one you're holding your hand is
the front truck are you sure look I put
it with the bolts with the red bolts oh
I think I switched him though sorry I
think it was have you ever second a rail
no I've never sacked on a rail they just
look like you're sacked and around the
intro to Pier yeah I got second ledge
Dryden like hit anything so it's fine
I've been very fortunate I've done some
big rails and I have never said the
neuro King asks pizza or burgers pizza
for sure do I mean pays off though I'm
eating pizza tonight it's kind of like
in a good way some a girl I know down in
Texas she posted a picture of like this
pizza that was just covered jalapenos a
burger
it was just like pickles and jalapenos
you know so I'm on my diet this week so
I was so bummed
CSS who is the first pope who is the
first to go pro for revived Aaron and
Doug at the same time technically
technically Aaron went a day before take
Nickelback technically did he oh he
found out he found out very technically
Aaron but both of them did
yeah so I guess a look like a burly SWAT
on a public announcement side both of
them would prefer oral and winters asks
what is your worst fear our worst fear
is I don't know I guess like not
progressing you know is that like just
kind of fading out and not just like in
like a career sense or like a public I
sense whatever you know cuz all I feel
like when you say fading out a lot of
people tell you is like oh no what
people start to know you less and I mean
in like just like life like fading out
we're like I don't I'm not doing
anything that intrigues me
and then I'm not doing anything
important anymore or like that's just
terrifying
let's do two more questions two more
here pretty good huh good kid asking
have you ever got into a fight with
Brian Belisario Wow and then you've been
angry you handle anger different than me
usually I snap and I think you were like
not in the mood to be filming and I got
really upset and I bought stopped
filming a video it was a few years ago
and then you were like you're just like
all right shut up we'll do it I think
we're at we had to there's a little
acting I had to do and I was like super
uncomfortable doing the portion of the
acting no but it was like is one of
those things like if we ever argue which
is actual arguing is insanely rare I
don't think we've ever actually gone
back and forth you know cuz we used to
agree on most things pretty but if
there's ever a thing like it's like
literally like you're upset and you get
over in five seconds I'm upset I get
over five minutes five minutes five
seconds we just go on about life fine
five seconds run of us yeah is gonna
save you five seconds he saves five
minutes yeah I'm just mad all right
see the last question see ya okay we'll
stay on the same thing
angel cárdenas s how long have you and
Brian known each other it's funny cuz in
this video that I keep talking about
that comes out tomorrow you can see baby
Brian in a lot of these shots really
yeah I back when any Feroze you come out
like sixteen year old Brian like
I find me and stuff trip so we met in
like elementary school at a camp and
then didn't talk to each other until
like seventh grade or some of the eighth
grade and I didn't touch your bolt man
so I mean technically isn't smooth like
what like ten years old yeah something
like that yeah
so 23 years it is a long time to know
somebody can we flip this around get
back to is that the last question that's
it I'm gonna film a video on 4jp channel
Brian Ames and I are gonna go at it
we're gonna try to learn a new trick
whoever lands at first gets a free
drawing from JP which is kind of cool
because this part is rad so that's it
thank you guys for hanging out with me
here I have normal videos all weekends
so stay tuned you guys rule did you
check if there's any super chats by a
chance oh well look like you can hit it
I just want to make sure if someone did
I don't try to push those at all but I'm
not done okay cool you guys have a great
day going skateboard if you can and I
will see you guys tomorrow thank you
Brian for filming this yep alright
awkward time were you trying to get out
