you're across so usually do some tricks
on this camera yeah sure not on this
chemical Phyllis camera
all right first person pull jam it's
going to be a disaster oh and yeah why
do my first person skateboarding videos
I hold my DSLR camera above my head like
this no go pro that's attached to my
head no durable camera that can bit
tossed around if I drop this thing it's
gonna suck and it's not easy to skate
with this wannabe no no no no oh it's
scary I'm gonna practice it once I'm
gonna be that guy I'm gonna practice it
then I'm gonna come back to this he goes
haha horse backwards haha alright I got
it all right wish me luck good luck
brother good luck brother oh my Porsche
backwards again they wish me luck again
but
Oh Thomas never gonna make it to this
obstacle my board is backwards don't
know no yeah let's go I'm gonna go
follow my face instead hopefully I got
that in there I was scary I
unfortunately have to smooth that up and
this is where I'm probably gonna fall
and break my camera boom shaka by now
not not too hard ones get used to but as
horrifying
hey Dallas hey well what's up is that I
haven't really skated in two and a half
three weeks and it hurts up specifically
my right and left buttocks like the side
of my head looks my hip buttocks it
hurts all up and how are you going to do
the same clip in my video I'm not
filming it I've got a sad feeling
pressure to cameras on me at once all
right out well you look dazzling right
now
