Mason Miller people he's at it again
except he wasn't the one actually added
in the clip that was andrew oliveira
doing what he does best he is shredding
I mean Andrew Oliveira he gets on a
skateboard and he's like a hibachi table
okay you just stare at him and you're
like he's about to serve up something
amazing its hibachi it's don't twizzler
me and Rivera is a hibachi master but
Mason Miller filmed it and it's on his
channel and you need to watch more Mason
Miller on youtube doesn't he that was so
good it was said it was really good i
was like no i was good it was good it
was really good just the bottom link in
the screen that's going to about to
follow is Mason Miller's YouTube channel
click on it and subscribe then the top
leg will be mine I do daily videos here
on YouTube but mainly click the bottom
link Mason Miller people he said do it
do it do it do it do it to it oh my gosh
you
