oh my gosh Steve I oh I think I got I
think I got just as excited as you are
right now that was so good
that was me displaying my strength if
you look at this jewel case it's cracked
okay and for those people who think I'm
gonna be wasteful and not use this
totally gonna use this K cuz I'm I'm
like that it's I use things what's up
guys yes that was footage of my friends
that has never hit the world in my
channel
and maybe it's a better way to say that
and I know everyone is said like oh my
gosh Jase oh my gosh Wes yes Wes and
Jase were both in there and that's just
footage I had that was like kind of set
aside for the revive video and I didn't
end up using it I used other stuff so I
hope you guys dug that and I of course
have got to tell you guys what happened
to Jason West because no matter how many
times I answer it it's always gonna be
asked Wes just kind of moved on you like
he's doing something new this life and
he has family and he's really happy and
he actually got it like the job of his
dreams recently so I'm very very very
proud of that dude and I'm happy for him
so Wes could watch this congratulations
my friend we need to hang out and let
the little guys play and do all that fun
stuff
Jase I haven't actually seen in a while
but he still skates here and there and
with the warm weather I'm sure I'll see
him up in the skate park so when I see
him up at the skate park I'll put the
camera on him and you guys we're gonna
see new Jase footage maybe you guys see
him anywhere tell him what's up and say
hey Jase hi just start with hi that
might be a little less intimidating than
like hugging him you know don't just hug
him but I hope you guys dug this if you
want to see more videos like this I
click the subscribe button I do daily
videos here on YouTube and that's just
what I do and I enjoy doing it so uh
yeah stay tuned for more videos every
day this is an old cookie nothing I'm
afraid to eat it but it felt like I pit
steal like you probably see them see the
reaction when I bite it I'm surprised it
was just there was a surprising time
