you too what is up guys so you asked
some questions on my Facebook and I'm
gonna scroll through man answer a
handful okay and I'm gonna wait this
press around then I'm gonna walk that
was I've been sitting out clearly
clearly what do is oh my gosh there's
over a thousand I'm gonna answer a small
slice of these well basket asked about
five different questions and I'm not I'm
not gonna I'm just gonna say yes to all
of the above buddy Andrew Burt says do
you think your son will become a good
skater and I honestly my son is obsessed
with skateboarding he is constantly
carrying a finger board around every
time I sees a board he wants to roll on
it and he loves it so there's a good
chance he's gonna be pretty passionate
on skateboarding if not it's no big deal
because I'm not gonna push anything on
to him whatever he wants to do he can do
but I think naturally he's really loving
skateboarding so hopefully it sticks
with it officer says what happened to
the Venge / survive wheels and wheels
are still happening internet do not
panic it's just I've got a thousand
things on my plate right now and I
promise you I won't get to creating
wheels this year it's gonna happen so uh
call me comments people Owen says if I
come visit you will you play Magic cards
with me and absolutely if I have a
moment and there's magic cards in front
of me we're playing buddy Abby says how
much do you like Mikey the duckling and
I have seen Mikey the duckling man I
think he's probably the cutest dude out
right now aside from yeah my child but
animals go pretty darn cute Jimmy says
what's the best advice you give to
someone looking to start a skate company
and to anybody starting any company just
do your research use Google calm and
figure out what you need to do don't
just go out into the world and be like I
declare a company coz doesn't work do
your research in anything in life even
just educate yourself matt says when was
the last time you didn't wear a red
shirt and well I don't sleep in a shirt
so there's that but last time I wore
shirt without having a red shirt on
underneath was when I was 14 years old
long time ago Justices Italian or
Mexican feared yeah Mexican that's not a
question
Italians good but Mexican all day every
day literally for the rest of my life I
could do it oh you're a sock Oscar says
what is your favorite kind of pizza and
jeez there's a lot of food questions I
would say a buffalo chicken and then I
would smile weird after I said that Theo
asks
keep your broken decks and know I would
have over a thousand decks it would be
ridiculous I'd have a whole room
dedicated to it and I'm not I don't
wanna go there Tony says will there be
any new product and I don't know if you
haven't been paying attention but we've
had tons of new stuff last month we
released a skate video we released hats
we released new shirts new decks so we
had a lot of stuff out right now that's
new but yeah as always in a couple
months we'll release new stuff and we'll
keep it going Matt asks before pens what
job do you have and well during revenge
for the most part I had a job because
revenge wasn't on the same levels or
vibe was and but when I started this
whole YouTube thing I had three jobs
outside of trying to do YouTube I serve
tables which was never fun that is not a
fun gig I worked for a tutor in your
home company which is where like I
administered tests like elementary
school kids before they received
tutoring and then I worked at a
racetrack like in the parking lot which
was like the most mellow job ever I like
would play handheld video games or read
a book and I would get paid for it but
as like cars came by and like gave me
money I'm like okay cool go that was
pretty cool but I'm really thankful to
be where I'm at right now this is a lot
better off so work hard and get to where
you want to be people jason says were
you ever going to sponsor people and I
mean if you watch our recent flick video
we have a whole team so yes I do we do
sponsor people already you know Jacob
asked what was my college major first
was electronics media then I switched it
to like communications and that's it not
that exciting I'm a dancer
oh this was good Luke asks have you
considered quitting skating but change
your mind and no I love skateboarding I
feel like if you truly love something
that never actually fully leaves you you
know so I mean I'll be 80 years old now
I'm gonna see a good handrail be like
you know what I got hurt here in that
stuff I really tried but I couldn't
because I'll be 80 and my body will
crumble but you know it might in my
crazy 80 year old head I'm gonna still
be a skateboard think I can do that so
now I could never quit skating Foley
oh alright whatever they were good you
got me you'd be but bad at base Lauren
asks are you going to send stuff to the
UK I mean if you talk about my
product we've been sending products
we've been selling worldwide including
to the UK for years now so yes I will
continue sending stuff to the UK Colin
says do you think revive will become an
independent company one day independent
meaning that you'll make your own boards
rather than order them and no 95% of the
industry does not make their own boards
they go through like there's only so
many wood presses out there that make
boards so a lot of the stuff you're
skating is the same wood as another
company but I it's more of a headache
especially when you start selling a lot
of decks like that's a gigantic
operation and when the operation is
going smooth and it's easier you know
it's like it just it's not worth it it's
not worth it to me so I have a wood
press that I completely believe in and I
love our wood and not a lot of other
people use it so uh no reason to switch
that up Roach says have you ever done
drugs an appreciator is this another one
no I've never done any drugs which I
feel like people watch my videos and
like see how weird I am they
automatically think that I'm on drugs
but you know typically when people do
drugs that mellow out
I mean there's some that make you crazy
you know but no either way either way
I've not done any Tim since Godzilla or
King Kong Godzilla all the way I mean
King Holmes okay but it's freaking
gigantic wizard breathing you know
fights metal versions of himself they
can't get any better than that no well
uh says the hardest thing about growing
up which would be she meant what uh what
is the hardest thing about growing up
but I would say the hardest thing is
dealing with everybody else's
uncertainty like everyone else does feel
like trying to figure themselves out so
you have a good friend and then all
sudden they're like well no I want to be
a firefighter now and then like oh no I
want to break your heart and go do this
and like it's just a chaotic time no one
knows what they're doing and for me I
was just like you people are crazy like
whoa but I had a lot of great friends
that start up today so I got lucky but
dealing with everything else around you
I feel like is the hardest part of
growing up Luke says any pranks coming
out soon yes as soon as I get some warm
weather I need to do a prank so bad I've
been horrible doing pranks lately so
those are on my to-do list okay and so
is pounding with things when I say it it
makes it more an emphatic oh it's late
Christian says have you ever blacked out
after slamming and one time
I the first time I ever hit my head I
didn't hit it that hard but it like it
kind of knocked me out and I woke up
like probably like thirty seconds later
and I thought it was like I had no idea
what day it was it was crazy
and I just was yelling help me like I
was just lying there the ground would
help me help me like I wasn't meaning to
and I was like if thinking myself like
why am i yelling help me and then my
friends came rushing over like what just
happened I was like I don't know I think
I hit my head and I stood up and I
started like walking up the gap that I
just been skating and I just fell over
like I was so dizzy and disoriented
and and then I told my friends like you
guys can laugh I know that was funny and
then a few moments later my head was
thinking clearly again and I was like
that was kind of crazy and I stopped
skating at least that gap J says would
you ever make a movie of yesterday
erased if so please p.m. me well I'll
just I'll answer it here yes I would
love for a movie to be made to be a race
but I want to be done by other you know
like a people that could do it right
because I'm just not in the place that
I'll have time to like actually get a
whole crew together and cast people but
I'll be awesome yeah so someone in the
movie film industry get at me that'd be
cool as long as I can have a cameo I
want to be in it at some in some aspect
Daniel says are you planning on making
another full skate video and/or book and
yes I am definitely gonna write another
book and we are already planning kind of
brainstorming for the next survive video
and that should be out in about two
years so get psyched for it and I think
that's it guys I'm gonna I'm gonna wrap
it up here if you want to read my first
book I'll put the input down down below
and then we just released a live skate
die since I just answer that questions
so links for both those are down below
but thank you for asking questions I had
a good time doing this and if you want
to get in on this you can follow me on
my Facebook up with the URL right here
just go to that URL and it's down in the
info everything is down in the info but
uh I'll every once in a while I post
something say hey ask me questions you
guys have a chance there and then I go
through them and answer them I know
there's a lot and I'm sorry I didn't get
to you know 99% of them but I tried to
answer questions that a lot of people
are asking so um thank you guys and I
will see you in the few to the show and
I am not eating this pretzel that was a
mistake
laptop done Oh
ruff
you
