take a seat I'm gonna go out on a limb
here and say no I'm gonna go out on a
boat of trees and say that Johnny Geiger
has the best late flipz in the pond the
planet like every one of those was
flawless okay glad that he did this
trick for it every angle because my saw
and I was like the Appa
whatever that means what I'm trying to
say is that those were perfect perfect
perfect late flips and I hope you guys
dug them up tune in for another every
angle here my channel in a couple weeks
it's gonna be with Johnny every single
time so if you want to see more of
Johnny click that link right down there
that'll take you to his channel and you
will you will absolutely love it you'll
thank your mom for having you born so
you can be able to watch that on his
channel it's good stuff he is an amazing
skateboarder you want to see more for me
click the top leg I did videos every day
you're my channel just like this one and
uh subscribe but mainly check out Johnny
okay he's from Switzerland and his name
is Johnny and he shreds I'm going I'm
done standing next to a door
you
