fact 99% of the people that watch this
video will never do a rail that big I
don't think I have in fact I'm pretty
safe to say that I have not that was a
ridiculous rail and he did a crew
grounded back limp like pbbb pbbb so
what you're gonna do is you're gonna go
down to that bottom link right there and
click for more Kris McNuggets or Chris
Perez or whatever you want to call them
and since its it's all the same dude and
he's really really really good at
skateboarding I do daily videos here on
my channel so who the click the top link
if I can talk but mainly click Chris
right down there and enjoy it because
that was some amazing footage and that's
what he does but he gets on skateboards
so he overloads more he uploads more of
a gist channels check it out say and Sam
me nobody knew you were on the couch no
okay
