so that was Dallas Ford's smashing his
face upon the floor of the skate park
and I didn't ask him but I could safely
say that it did not feel good because
I've kind of done it before I think am I
and have you ever noticed that usually
when someone hits their faces while
skating and no one typically sees it
coming like the skaters like oh man okay
I got this the filmers like finally he's
gonna land it even you guys watching it
like okay this do it has this trick and
then boom smashes face upon the ground
and everyone's like God is he coming you
know because it just happens like a
flash of freakin lightning in Mario Kart
and you could use that reaction if you
want to and that's called I'm screaming
into a microphone face that's effective
it's pretty effective people will know
that you're shocked really Dallas was no
exception here I didn't really think
that I was gonna go down the way it did
and in response he did skate for the
rest of the session but he kind of laid
there for a while and I'm not blaming
him okay i'm really not blame them but
just prove to you that he does had to do
some trickery on the skateboard here's
one from the textbooks and i don't know
what that means but it's straight from
the textbooks I kind of know what that
means
there you go that's probably his biggest
front porch shove he's progressing
really fast in fact I need to do a
progression video on him soon but the
meantime if you want to see more Dallas
go right down there and click the link
in the info here's a web page no he does
not you idiot he has a hue Tube channel
and he posts video so check it out and
you would like what you see but I hope
you guys dug this fall Friday I'm here
every other Friday to show you escape
water falling in some fashion and you
know next time it might be just on their
face might be on the gonads might be on
I don't even know but it's gonna be
something I know that for sure but if
you want to see more videos from me hit
the subscribe button and I'll be back
because they do videos every single day
Thomas you want to say the goodbye
goodbye you can't get that close dude
you got to be back here where it's in
focus oh sorry yeah get right here
goodbye drink drink wow that was way too
smooth good huh you got it on me
dude shut Dallas's literally I'm trying
to film a video about him and he's
sitting there can you tech yes and he's
sitting there texting me douse Ford
you're interrupting your own video and
I'm blurry haha
you
