life was good until the day that changed
everything until the outbreak first you
lost a loved one then you lost your
whole family then entire neighbourhood
cities it all was gone in the world went
dark I was lucky enough to have a friend
the first few weeks that really they
weren't so tough we'd break into
convenience stores take food whatever we
wanted it was okay but eventually I
don't know things changed he started to
wear down I tried to keep things
together I really did but there was
absolutely so much I could do and then
the inevitable happened
they got him and I was now alone I
managed to keep going I don't really
know why I didn't really have a lot of
Hope left and it was a pathetic
existence I'd find scraps to eat places
to sleep drink out of puddles I just
kind of kicked into autopilot and
survived
I kind of just kept going and hoping
that I would find somebody called out
no one ever responded there was no sign
of anything alive until I heard a noise
warehouse Wednesday say it's Halloween
time it's Halloween look at the cameras
a bright it's Halloween time it is
Halloween week and we are doing what we
do every year we're doing a costume
skate session that's it then your
warehouse Wednesday was that intro that
was really fun to make and all these
guys dress up for you Brian
I'm handle yeah Brian's a guppy oh my
god you see your face there we go
there's Brian he's not wearing pants
underneath them not it's amazing we got
you I hope someone knows who you are I'm
not gonna save who you are because I
know Thomas who are a Girl Scout yeah
that wasn't that wasn't that funny was
it joke I'm Batman I'm talking about it
talk about a guy who knows what's funny
oh look at you dude he wins it I'm
calling right now he wins it we got you
skateboarders 2019 pretty much it looks
really good dude we got you with a new
costume this year
pretty much we but it's if it's not
broke don't fix it we got Justin baby I
joy look at that guy's face okay gosh I
just want to hug you
hey wow you're a ninja let's go dude you
rock Casey is not a zombie you crushed
it in that intro for the man in black no
I'm the Phantom filmer who are you huh
doctor this is perfect response Oh than
me
I'm a guy can you guys see it I'm a guy
getting eaten by a shirt which
favor of s2 he wins everything about
this face is winning all right let's
skateboard guys
why sore sticky
it's the traditional escape 40 skeleton
you guys know the drill we got try to
make him skate his butt as good as you
can okay so you got push the skeleton
and the skateboard at the same time and
then let go guys ready guys are gonna be
do it is he all right I don't
Missy was failing the entire time I know
I was watching you so just folded up the
there was guys well we do this every
year and we're not gonna change it
although next year I think we have
something special for you guys along the
same lines yeah Brett Novak Oh
so thank you guys for watching all of
these news YouTube channels are down in
the info but I also got some prizes I'm
calling a Best Best Costume this guy he
gets ten bucks oh nice it's so where
else wants it I like it I'm gonna buy a
seahorse with the best tricks MVP it was
like the best day of skating of your
life you did so good dude and then
runner-up costume vessel I think yours
was really well done like he like woke
up early to make his house team have
like confirmed um it was it was a fun
time so thank you guys for watching I do
videos here all the time hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
from me it's below the video is free you
click it it's easy boom that's it you
guys have a great Halloween and an even
better next day I don't know I don't
understand anymore we're naked
I guess we all are on the grand scheme
of things I'm gonna go buy back there
that was crying dancing you just got a
cuddle Brian
your video is gonna be so not as good is
it could've been ready right and action
steak welcome
