oh now what's up go grab it buddy even
though that's exciting - it's your very
first one
look at you oh these give it to you put
your foot here
oh oh oh my gosh what do you want buddy
doing your skateboard okay where's your
skateboard
that is my skateboard say kickflip
Brad would legislate what a kickflip
yeah what are you doing you want me to
skate oh you want me I'm gonna roll with
you okay around we skating are we
skating skateboard in a roll you do it
hit
yes slow down so there you guys go there
was his very first actual skateboarding
video the reaction was just the most
touching proud heartwarming moment I've
had with him it was awesome like I
didn't tell him to do anything he's got
on and started going didn't you buddy
well kind of in a hotel room you didn't
he likes it he loves it and he
fingerboards all the time he talked
about skateboarding and he's a little
afraid of actually rolling and doing
stuff but uh
in due time right right okay
I say do time all right say bye YouTube
say say bye YouTube almost Tiago said
thank you guys for watching I'm gonna go
chase my child
what do you say hey what about that
hamster on the piano what is he eating
that guy he is
and child running away
you
