Oh
palin people that was that was just a
refreshing skate boring I probably said
the last time I was talking about but
that's just completely refreshing
watching him skate is like a chipotle
burrito it's like and your crisp
mountain dudes like you're eating a bag
of sour patch kids when Palin skates
it's like a mountain dew flavored sour
patch burrito what either way the moral
of this story is that it is fantastic
watching this dude skate it's just so
unique you know I could just literally
watch ongoing videos of him and so if
you want to see more there's gonna be a
link on the screen in a second to be the
bottom link click on it and it'll take
you to his channel if you're not
subscribe to me the top link is me I do
daily videos just like this and then but
mainly check out Palin and be happy and
then go to get at Chipotle and try to
order that burrito and then they're
gonna look at you like what are you
talking about man
you
