sorry a lot of people out there might be
annoyed by the talking parts of my
videos but guys they could be way worse
imagine if I started my videos like this
every time if I started my videos out
like that I don't know how I can live
myself in fact I guess I kind of just
did so how am i living myself but what's
up guys this is an update video where I
fill you in about stuff that's going on
my life has been so revived heavy that
unfortunately these update videos are
gonna be just like revive revive revive
but I will I promise I'll sprinkle in
some things that happen of other parts
of my life nothing to have really other
parts of my life right now so needless
to say I've been busy the live skate die
premiere just happened and we released a
product and all of that stuff was insane
like I was working 24/7 and I was
working so much that I got to see my
wife a little bit at the end of every
night but like my little guy was asleep
when I woke up and asleep when I got
home and I was like my gosh and one of
those dudes on the TV shows I mean you
watch it in the movies and all the time
it's like the dad's just working too
hard he's not seeing his kids and then
he sucks like that is the dude that
sucks in the TV show and then it hits
the part of the show where he realized
that the you spend more time with his
family and he's like I've been a jerk
I'm sorry you're like oh I love this guy
well I've been trying to be that guy the
whole time so they don't need to think
that I suck for a couple days there it
was rough and I get to spend time with
my little dude on a regular basis now so
that's good because that's why I wake up
every morning it's for my family you
know like it's whatever I do is for my
wife and my kid so I'm happier now but
when I wasn't spending time when the
little guy was not such a happy time but
before I get too heavy in Terrebonne
stuff I'm gonna I'm gonna show you guys
an audio clip I'm gonna hear you guys
I'm gonna let you guys hear an audio
clip from years and years ago when I got
into a car wreck oh yeah I just happen
to be on the phone I was talking on the
phone and it wasn't my fault I was
looking forward at the road and then
like a 16 year old driver was like hey
know what I was gonna cut in front of
this dude and he hit me I hit him he
like he came just came in front of me
and I couldn't stop and I have it on my
phone
like it recorded the conversation
because I had some app that did that at
the time and let you guys hear I'm gonna
let you guys hear the car crash Audio is
pretty dramatic so I put on your ear
helmets no don't do that mom I just
might hit the brake down a really good
ride against on this wall
mom okay yeah I just got in a really bad
car wreck I just had a really bad car
wreck see that was pretty intense right
I found that on my computer today and I
was like I think people's ears would
like that so I put that was like
YouTube's ears that's where I got I got
show this and I kept pretty calm I gotta
say not in an egotistical way stop
rhyming kept pretty calm during all of
that I'm pretty good at situations like
that runs keep calm instead of flipping
out like normal evil would like it's
just a car wreck I mean come on just a
car wreck but other than finding car
wreck clips on my computer I've just
been you know hanging out family go to
family gatherings that's what I do
here's a clip from a family gathering
the other day that was the last clip
that you thought you're gonna saw yeah
that's me hanging out with a dragon
that's not right and I just write and I
look like each other we were babies when
I was a baby when he is a baby whatever
man that clip to it I was like I gotta
show it this is just me showing things
to you okay so let's talk about revive
stuff shut up anything so live escape
die came out and it was a success guys a
premiere went really smooth and it was
awesome meeting a lot of you dudes I was
there for like two hours after the video
and I got to talk to a bunch of people
and a lot of people came out PJ from
Maryland yeah Brandon from Canada like
people came far out from just from all
over the country just to see this video
and I was just I was touched I was like
thank you is awesome meeting everybody
we're gonna do it again in two years
okay we're gonna release a video in 2016
so I start getting psyched okay if
there's a meter of cycnus okay put make
a mark at the bottom because it's gonna
go up and of course if you missed the
video you can get a DVD of it to our
store or a digital download I'm working
on iTunes hold on but I mean the digital
is like the same exact thing so get the
digital download you can put on your
iPod you put on your iPad you put your
iPad whatever they have going on these
days you put it on but we actually have
another exciting weekend this weekend
for a five because this deck right here
the live skate die limited edition deck
it's sold really fast like like within
30 minutes they were all gone on the
store so we have another batch of these
go into the store
Morrow which is Saturday they'll
probably go pretty fast we're gonna do
one more order for sure so we'll have
them like into the spring and summer
if these so really fashion my cue to
orders just to give everyone a chance to
get one if they want one but it's not
gonna be around forever because we're
moving from the live skate dye era into
the next era of revive so if you want
one grab it while you can and another
deck that's being released tomorrow is
this the red lifeline guys this is
hands-down my favorite looking board I
have ever made okay revenge or vibe this
is it this is being released tomorrow
too
so watch out for that and then we also
have hats we finally have hats live skit
diets boom look at that red and they got
the black with like the red inside we've
probably been asked hundreds of times
for these things so revive snapbacks
Loops kid die and those decks and then
everything else we have tomorrow
Saturday it's gonna happen midnight
tonight is when all this stuff goes live
we've also been getting a lot of
questions that whether your skate shop
can carry revived oh that's not up to us
uh-huh we do have some skate shops
talking to us right now to carry our
product but if your skate shops not one
of them just ask them like you know just
say hey I want to buy revive product you
should get it in stock and then they can
contact us via our website and just ask
for some product we can send it their
way and then they can sell to you wait
wait there's just winning all over the
place at that moment except for the
people that bought her she gets the
least oh you're a loser people I'm just
kidding well I mean ten yes you are but
you know I'm saying okay tasty oh now
inside of launching in products and
skate videos and all that stuff we are
moving into the warehouse in one week
okay as of March we're gonna start
moving all the stuff in there and
basically life gets better for you and
me I just absolutely cannot wait to be
working on my desk and be like you know
what I want a skateboard for about you
know 20 minutes and turn around the
skate a box or a rail or whatever we
have built in the warehouse like I'm so
excited and ready for this to happen
like I'm gonna wake up every morning I'm
like this is Christmas because I want to
go to work right now like I want to get
leave early like I'm really pumped for
it and this means more videos for you so
stay tuned for more stuff about that and
be excited because it's a new it's a new
era for my channel as them now as of
next week
I'm lying all over the place you're an
idiot Andy hear me hear me yeah you hear
me you're either on your own head but
aside from that I'm just gonna keep on
doing what I'm doing okay I actually
have a little bit of freedom now that
I'm not working on a few
skate video release that I'll be able to
start making a lot more videos and goofy
ones I've been able to get out and
actually film as much so I'm like been
like uploading other people's footage
and that's what I like to do I like to
go out and act like an idiot in front
the camera so you're gonna see more of
that for sure so stay tuned and I'm
going to I guess I'm gonna go I don't
know us oh I got a cookie ban account to
see this yeah I told you I totally am
cookie bin got really awkward real fast
I'm sorry
cookies throwing you at my face really
not sorry because that's what you do
with cookies typically you've literally
put them in your face so there you were
frankly if you're offended you're dumb
because that's where you should be used
to
if to do is ask your skate shop to carry
are brighter they could contact to us
make a contact to us is that like it was
at Star Wars talk like a God to contact
to us that was not Star Wars at all I'm
different that's what I am that is the
absolute last clip that you thought
you're gonna saw right there you got you
thought you're gonna saw you thought
you're gonna see saw Andy that's me yeah
that's me so Lego Harry Potter but do
those people it can be way worse I mean
what if I with her download and I was
just wow it would last minute I thought
I was gonna do I this that was me
sucking back all the stupid things I
just said another thing that was
actually stupid I just wasn't actually
saying words than I wanted to be saying
goodbye
you
