chris mcnugget people also known as
Chris Perez he is good enough at
skateboarding to have two names that's
when you know you're doing something
correct on a skateboard when you have a
more than one name drawn the right track
I'm still in the one named world i'm
just an ashrak and I don't think I'm
ever gonna get to the to name world of
the red I am because I'm not getting any
younger you know I'm saying but Chris
sent me this footage and I've always
known he was that good when I kind of
saw it all together i got refreshed and
I was like oh and I was really proud
that I knew this dude I was like I know
this guy he's doing he's doing tricks
like this and I know him and I was
really I was really excited by that
because Chris shreds over and over again
every day every night he's just a shred
head I actually met Chris on the metro
tour back in the day like three years
ago were so if that's events consider
back in the day and he's a really nice
guy and he just so happens to just like
I just said he's awesome on a skateboard
you need to check out his stuff right
here see that that little box right
there that's his channel go and check it
out and give him a subscribe because it
is worth it he's skating a lot right now
and he's doing it wonderfully so check
that out I do daily videos here on my
channel so hit the top button right
there that I subscribe you to me and I
do stuff like this all the time and if
you're wondering what this is I don't
know this is bry names something it
looks like a piece from the Technodrome
you know that is but most importantly
check out his channel and I have more
footage for him to come so watch out
with the next few weeks goodbye dudes
music dunna dunna dunna tenant
you
