oh you all right and that is what you're
afraid of when you're trying to handrail
all right well honestly I guess getting
sacked is the number one fear but that
is a close second because when your feet
go flew over the obstacle you're falling
on your in fort in that moment when Sam
realizes that what's happening is like
this this next five seconds my life is
not going to be fun whatsoever now
luckily Sam got his foot down in time to
kind of like relieve some of the impact
and not completely eat it but he still
hit pretty hard I mean you hear those
thuds there's a lot of thudding going on
you kind of want someone to take this
thuds and make a song out of it like a
rap song with thuds but I do just want
to applaud Sam for making the best
Senate situation because he could have
gone way worse like if he hadn't got his
foot down in time he would have taken
all that impact directly into his hip
and a year later he probably still would
be well could be walking around being
like I got hand real hit but he did what
he could he took the fall on he got up
and kept skateboarding so Sam Fluharty I
applause you and if you guys would like
to applause him go down and give this
video a thumbs up and he'll look at the
like snow be like you know what people
applause to me today I myself have been
fortunate enough to never let this
happen on a handrail and now that I've
said that the next hander I'll try to
grind it's probably gonna happen thanks
thanks Andy your idiot I would look up
to talk to myself but I've had my fair
share of slip out sankar grinds when
your front wheels just fly over the top
of legend oh I've fallen on them and
it's always entertaining to watch
everybody else but for me it's not it's
not that fun
what this is live skate doc revive
skateboards first full-length video
which came out 2day if you guys want to
grab a copy it's available on our store
physical DVD and which I can actually
hold up what I'm going to see I wasn't
lying boom we have the physical DVD we
have a digital download right there on
the store so grab a copy if you guys
want simply already has a full part in
any throws down some pretty cool tricks
just get you a little more hyped I'll
put the trailer at the end of this video
so click on that link if you want to see
that but I will see you guys in the
future the church I do daily videos here
on YouTube just like this so hit the
subscribe button if you're already knots
and I'm gonna drink some mountain dew
and back out of the frame while looking
weird what that didn't work
where's this one random cup in the shot
like I'm that I did approve you to be in
this video cup I'll just downright
impressive it's it's landed like
completely drinkable over there like if
water would have been in that probably
flown everyone but still it would be it
would have whatever
you
