YouTube what's up guys my gosh you're
getting some air
it is trampoline time with ridin and I
but we're gonna what are we gonna do
ready yes we're gonna throw carpet
boarding in the mix and also you are
breaking the trampoline wait hold on
let's to fix the trampoline no we should
just take it off you gonna jump and do
an ass drop you gotta jump
bounce and then land this way okay okay
there you go
okay so pretty much and we're just gonna
try to be creative I have no idea how
successful this it could be but we're
gonna have fun are we yeah well then
what's your idea
oh sorry oh my gosh here just put it in
the middle and then bounce on it
don't fall no no just try to see if you
can Ollie like that just bounce whoa
whoa hold on it doesn't work does it oh
my gosh yeah was everybody's trying to
do good are you doing for slide I get
out of the boardslide get out to the
ground turn out turn the board oh there
we go
why are you doing a gear car putting
tree all right go all right let's see it
oh you just gonna pop show it dude right
you missed it you missed it now it's
over here negative jump now the
high-fives all the way up here try to
get it oh did it you did it right I'm
gonna put this all the way out here and
you got to try to run and jump and land
on that okay oh you all right was that
far you gotta jump dude use the
trampoline jump
all right sure oh you're right gosh you
gotta jump like gee use the trampoline
to jump in the air okay oh you landed
your whole body on the board
oh gosh you're gonna get hurt did you
get hurt no you well you did it good the
first time let's just stick with that
okay you want you can do it for one oh
you fell down you didn't land it oh
we're done with a long jump you want to
next trick I'm gonna do it first mush a
head yo we're gonna jump off this and
finger flip and land it okay okay
base like so you're make a weird face I
got you look like you're getting like
poison rained on come on here all right
you think maybe at first try yeah no
dude even a fall I think you will know
it seven tops I get drunk
yeah definitely that was a lot weirder
than I thought it was gonna be I'm gonna
do it third try though
okay forty would do like the forty would
first try yeah I'll grab it I don't know
why but that was way harder than I
thought it was going to be he's trying
to make it look better too because I
look I looked awkward let's see it oh my
gosh thanks dude you need to come up
with a game plan my friend oh you're not
kicked he ate it with the skateboard
whoa whoa whoa jeez
she's you're a crazy man oh it was not
the one all right I got a crazy angle go
oh my gosh you just about did an e flip
like a bongo drum doing up oh my gosh
all right I'll do a kickflip watch
oh yeah why'd you jump off oh that would
have been the best one I want you to be
like Mario right here okay exactly
flower power
I have no idea what's happening okay so
there was there is your finger flip off
Ghibli yeah let's watch it try uh laying
right there then they'll just get on in
a bounce it put your feet on the tail
yeah Oh Ollie no like press down the
tail how you wouldn't do a normal all
okay yeah it doesn't really work but
from what it did you you did it yeah
yeah body varial are you tired this
thing doesn't work that well does it we
really just need to do father-son tramp
morning and we'll do it eventually but
this is all we had tonight so this is
what we're doing let me I'll do I'm
gonna do two more tricks okay I'm gonna
do two more tricks okay you're just
gonna lay there you're gonna fall asleep
from that right there yeah I'm gonna do
something unconventional I'm gonna do
front board the trampoline okay ah no
just watch all right I'm gonna do a
backside flip okay that was dead that
was perfect even care you're just being
all comfy over here are you alright so
we hope you guys like this video I do
videos here all the time here on my
channel and this guy's in a bunch of
them we're always having for like this
like we do this usually off-camera don't
we goof around with the carp importance
yeah it's fun isn't it but we hope you
guys liked it so um subscribe button
right down below the video if you want
to see more from me it's easy it's free
and you're sad to see more videos
subscribe thank - peace out have a good
one
goodbye oh there's AI
yeah now yeah it is gone oh I got a kiss
man
Ryden would you kiss a cactus no but um
Gaia will kick it yeah a polar bear
would kick a cactus yeah it sound like a
viral video um I mean I'm an Kathleen do
you know what Castlevania is
