Johnny you got your people that was him
demonstrating the proper way to do a
three flip okay wasn't telling you how
to do it he wasn't uh he wasn't telling
you how to do it he was just
demonstrating how it should be done like
did you see those he really knows how to
move that board in a 360 flip motion
like too much energy calm down you idiot
but really I hope you guys liked that
video I got the idea when I was talking
to him after I'd feature on my channel
because I really want to support this
guy hadn't say act like freaking tea
leaves come on idiot but really I do
want to support this dude and we were
talking about a series that you could do
on my channel and I kind of rubbed that
deal like i love those videos where
people film a lot of different angles
the same trick and you watch it over and
over again and he does tricks
beautifully and he could do some of the
most insane flip tricks like you could
imagine so I was like dude you're the
perfect person for that we should
totally do this so uh he wanted to start
with three flips that's a beautiful
basic trick to start with and if you
guys like this any ago down in there and
give it a thumbs up because he can twirl
his board around and flip it and kick it
and do all that stuff he's one of the
best flat ground skateboarders out there
right now definitely give it a like if
you liked this idea because I want to do
more and Johnny's down to do it so watch
out for more Johnny Geiger on my channel
because the world needs to see more of
them and apparently you guys are going
to see more him because he's gonna be on
my channel on a regular basis ok ok guys
we're cool you and me r cool that's it
this video is done I will see you guys
in the few to the church and hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
daily videos I do them daily go figure
all right shut up you guys have a good
day you smile you eat don't forget to
eat and breathe do all those things
closer yourself I don't know you don't
have to call your cell phone okay
you thought you were going to get out of
this video without checking out Johnny's
channel no you weren't it's gonna flash
on the screen here a secondary to click
it okay hypnotic hypnotized time me to
you click on Johnny gal yours channel
okay how about that how about that
you
