youtube what is up guys so this video is
all about live skate diet comes out
tomorrow so I want to make a video that
just has all the information that you
need about the video in one place if
you've been watching them other videos
and you tune in to the hanging out the
other day then you might already have
all this information but if you don't
boom you're looking at a video with a
bunch of stuff that you need to know so
let's skate die is my company revive
skateboards first full-length at skate
video and it's been a long time in the
making it was originally called skate
revenge and then we switched the name of
the company to revive skateboards and i
created the shirt lifts Kate died
revived and I was like that'd be a
really cool name for the video so we
rolled with it and if you watch my
channel basically what I'm all about on
here that's essentially what lips Kate
died is it's a full inkscape video it
has parts of all people on the team and
it's just a very fun skate video and I
want people to watch this and just be
like man this is this is what it's kind
of like to have fun with my friends you
know they watch it they kind of feel
like they're there basically I want to
make it a skate video that's
entertaining for anyone even if they
don't necessarily skate that being said
it does follow a very standard tradition
of skate videos it's very skating
focused it does have some goofy stuff in
between parts but it's like you know
this part this part this part mixed in
with everything you see in my channel
like the goofiness and fun so I think it
came out really well and I've produced
five skate videos total in my life and
this one is my favorite hands down like
i love this video and i believe in it
but here's the basic information of the
video k the main part of the video is 37
minutes long it has your intro that has
parts from everybody that has credits
then it has like a goofy screwin section
at the end with the DVD it is thirteen
dollars and you're going to get this
awesome case okay and then inside they
have some cool photos and the disc of
course because you need to play it right
you need to watch the video it also
comes to seven a half minutes of bonus
footage the digital download does not
come with a bonus footage it just has
the 37 minute main video but it's only
ten dollars so you're not paying full
price both those are big on our online
store which is on our website which is
linked directly below this is a fire
truck now unfortunately when it comes to
iTunes it was kind of a headache for us
and we were not able to make it
available on day one we're still working
on getting in on itunes but we don't
know when so stay tuned for that but you
know if you're really set on getting an
itunes it's going to be there eventually
if you want it day one the digital
download is right there for you so
you're still going to get a digital copy
of it if you want to go that wrap one
I want to remind everybody because we
have a lot of international customers
that this is a North American DVD okay
for whatever reason the world decided
that it was smart to make different
video players for different parts of the
world so if you don't have an NTSC video
DVD player this is not going to play on
your DVD player so if you live in the UK
and check to see if you're on the pal
format and if so get the digital
download and a lot of people have been
complaining like what about bonus
fixtures um well the bonus features are
going to be an iTunes so you can either
wait for that or I might actually
release the bonus features for just for
like two bucks extra on the honor store
like as a digital download so I'm very
sorry if that's the inconvenience for
you it's just the way the world works
unfortunately but there are ways around
it you could always get an NTSC DVD
player like I don't know how easy they
are to get over in the UK or you might
do some research and see if your
playstation can play it or your
computers might be able to play it who
knows just do your research because I
don't want you to buy this and put it
into something to be like I can't watch
this I want you to waste your money you
know and those people that are in the
Midwest we are doing a huge premiere at
ollies skate park okay on februari 15th
and 7pm we're gonna let you guys watch
the video for free will have a bunch of
product their skateboards shirts so what
not and will have the videos for you to
actually buy if you want to do that but
I'm really really excited guys come out
and watch the video with us and we're
even going to hang out and skate and
talk to you dudes afterwards so it's
going to be a big time I'll put the link
for the event on Facebook down below too
but you can always just go to ollies
skate park get there a little early so
you can get situated but it starts at
7pm februari 15th be there people but
talk a little bit about how the video
came together it was actually very
difficult to put together because a lot
of the people on the team are busy busy
busy filming YouTube videos and when
it's like a job for some of us so it's
really tough to be filming daily videos
and get out there and skate and try
something big for your part and put it
away so it was really hard for us but
life is getting a little easier across
the board so hopefully when we film for
our next video we be able to just
completely dedicate some awesome trips
just filming for our next video maybe
with that set it came out really really
fun like i said like i love this video
is my favorite video I put together I'm
proud of everybody what they did for
they threw down and had fun doing it but
it was it was a journey to put this
video together and
when I started editing I didn't know if
it was going to feel as full as I wanted
it to be and then when I put it together
I was like everything made sense and I
was like man this just turned out way
way better than I thought it was gonna
be and I thought it was gonna be good
but when I put it together I was like
this is it this is definitely what I
wanted it to be from the get-go so I
hope you guys are excited for us we are
definitely happy to finally release this
we've been talking about it for years
and I just want to say thank you guys it
wouldn't be here without you you know
you guys support us and watch our videos
and all your nice words of encouragement
it's just it's just awesome weird so
lucky to have you people that want to
watch our videos and we aren't stopping
here this is just the very beginning for
revive skateboards and all of our
channels we're going to keep on going
guys and put enough of the mushy stuff
if you want to see some things to get
your eyeballs hyped I'll put a link to
the teaser and the trailer at the end of
this video and then I'll try to remember
to put them in the info to so all your
iPad iPhone users can click those I
think it works like that I don't know I
don't know I'll put them down there so
you guys can click them but watch out
guys because it's all happening tomorrow
the video comes out then the next day
februari 15th I hope to see you guys
Ali's it'll be a really fun time so
definitely come out and hang out even if
you can't skate just come hang out and
watch us and bring your mom and your
girlfriend and your boyfriend if you
have one of those or your dog try not
dogs but bring people and it's gonna be
fun although if you sneak a dog in I
will pet it I'll be like dude you just
stuck a dog and now now that you know
the owner of all the skateboard like
dude why'd you say that some guy tried
to sneak a dog in I'm sorry I'm just I'm
sorry about that
you
