and we are on air I was like to
apologize to everybody for whatever
reason YouTube did not want us it was
like going against us the entire time so
there's two options when you're trying
to invite people and it was like you
could add them manually just by typing
in their name or you can give him a link
and then we finally tried giving the
link after messing with Google Plus and
YouTube for way too long and now we're
here we're here
moral the story so what light can never
yeah really sorry about this guys I
gotta try to get back to the Hangout so
I can actually see the chat do you can
you guys get to the chat from where
you're at
yeah I'm there oh well I'm not you I
will get there though but you guys
probably know but so I'm a nice Rock
from youtube.com slash Andrus rock and
then you guys can introduce yourselves
and I'm Aaron Cairo from Braille
skateboarding Josh Dakin real
skateboarding calm I'm Josh and now
should we get to Oh is so the chance
right here in the thing or do I have to
go to the actual page so Andy um I know
you were taking questions from the chat
but we allowed to ask questions too
absolutely
you know this is kind of interesting
because I probably should have had Alex
join up and Alex if you're right
listening this right now you can by all
means jump in on this on your cell phone
but it's funny because Erin and Josh you
guys haven't seen any other video none
right I'm doing an interesting thing
with this video and I'm not letting
anybody see it before the premiere well
I guess technically you guys could
download it on day one but I thought it
would be kind of fun to uh it'd be a
surprise for you but dudes too so I
haven't shown any of the parts anybody
else I actually I haven't even watched
my own footage so you've seen your part
I walked you through it like I close my
eyes and yeah right you were the you
were the hard guy to edit with changes
yeah but
was good all right so my first question
um is it true that the premier is gonna
get sponsored by the team wait I didn't
hear the first part of that is it true
that everyone that goes here you put on
the team or is that just a rumor I mean
yeah they're gonna get a sticker sponsor
because we're gonna go throw out a lot
of them oh you better come now we are
gonna throw out some boards we're gonna
throw out probably some maybe some of
the DVDs I don't know we'll throw out
some fun stuff though and I will you get
pause how do you get to this chat exists
you know to tell us yeah I know am i you
jealous people do you guys see the chat
and the right hand side i typed in it
just a test can you see that I was
dude I was on it at one point I promise
you I was that
okay so Shh oh wait if I could just oh
there we go so I just need to pause the
feed and I'm here okay cool um I can see
what you guys are typing now this makes
me feel a lot better so um yeah live
skate die Wow well this has been talked
about forever and I guess I'll just
start this out by telling the story
behind it because my whole youtube is
kind of based around this video I
started I talked to Alex buting and Wes
Pritchard and I was like guys let's do a
video okay and then as we film this
video we can put like the whatever we
don't use for it on YouTube and that
kind of turned into like we want revenge
and and then we are revenge became much
bigger than the video and we stopped
caring about the video and basically we
were just like whenever we'd film a good
trick that was too good for a youtube
video we'd put it away but we were so
busy with YouTube videos we never like
really put hard effort into it and this
is Erin you and Josh probably can't
relate to this at all because you guys
are in your own little world filming
whenever you want for the video but I
guess you got your own channels to worry
about too so you could probably relate
so how how difficult that is to film
with video part well of content yeah
totally how long ago was that
was it like four years ago oh I think
yeah it was a long time and I like
lately like this last year we were like
okay we're gonna have some days where we
go out just a film street the street
footage for the video and it's funny
because all the videos I've ever
produced it gets like that like the last
month of filming is when everyone gets
serious and throws down and it then you
like and then the footage deadline is up
and then you know it probably makes
sense to make a footage in line and then
go three months past it right yeah I
think most videos are like that yeah do
you have tricks that are from like four
years ago that you've been saving all
the time no I have one that's fairly old
probably three years ago I had they're
pretty yeah three years to try the max
alright yeah Josh Katz filmed nine
minutes worth of footage necking clips
yeah oh gosh what is it guys failing
olders filling folders blackmailed me
cutting it down just so you guys know he
was like you know what you're off the
team and you're gonna double and fun to
you you don't cut it down like fine I'll
bed down how long did you want it to be
no I mean I was really sure but after we
started like you know really
scrutinizing and I'm like alright I'm
not even that hyped omitting these clips
so I'm glad it's like three minutes now
there's uh there's a line in the intro
of you that you're probably gonna kill
me for using but I had a perfect line of
Doug and I didn't know if Doug was using
his first part because I hadn't seen his
part yet and I was like Doug are you
using this yeah and I was like wow I
gotta find something for the interest so
I just threw in I threw in a line it's
it's at like a DC spot where you like do
like a like a nose Punk a nosegrind at
the end of a line I love the first trick
that you started with and I was like the
intro is like all over the place it's
like fun and it's not focused on like
big tricks so I was like you know it's
just escaping you know through it that
was like my first time doing DC actually
yeah that was a long time ago everybody
just I wanted to prepare you because
you're gonna I think it's a cool drink
a trick drink
because you like cars trick oh yeah that
would be what a liar
it's a flat ground check it's on this
boat it's not much it's a 1080 mm dude I
didn't know and I saw that oh and really
I've been all so I'm like okay you know
what did you guys you guys saw the
trailer I'm sure right yeah I like that
a lot and I got done editing that I was
like dude this is almost like I almost
like this it the ensures better they
don't worry
it starts out pretty goofy the whole
whole video has a very like tone that
like you see in in a lot of the stuff on
my channel where it's like it's it's
it's supposed to be entertaining to
people that don't necessarily skateboard
read what the entire video to match the
color yeah the whole tire of it all
right cool well I heard if you pay $10
actually can get it normal colors that's
that's like the deluxe DVD house bummer
cuz he's actually seen two of the parts
I forget how many people have seen your
partner here and I actually showed it
maybe just Brian and I so which parts
did Alex see Alex well here's the story
okay I was editing it Alex's part while
saber was over here and Sam saw it so
Alex thought it was fair that when I was
showing Sam's part that he got to see it
because Alex saw his part so there are
the only people that have seen double
parts but that max has seen his part
Sam flew already has not seen anywhere
Doug edited his part so he saw it Josh
and his parts we saw it and then who
else
Thomas Thomas has seen his part and then
I I watched my part when I added it
whereas Thomas he should be in this
hangout oh my
gosh do we need help on this on it's a
webcast for sure but let's just take a
few seconds to like actually answer some
of these people's questions that aren't
completely ridiculous where are these
questions I'm not seeing anything the
chat what do you talk about Aaron smile
if you see this Evan clinger wants you
to smile all I see is my own typing that
says hello test test test
see that's okay that's what you're in
there like the private that's our chat
if I wanted to like to talk trash on you
know Joey Peabody and the in the real
chat I started skating sixteen years ago
kitty-cats qualify mama asks when you
guys answering questions right now never
ever look kind of Starbucks drink are
you drinking this is a regular coffee
just cream no sugar
are you guys going to make prints again
that's an interesting one I'm not sure
if Brian Ames is gonna make prints but
it's kind of awkward because actually
Aaron am I allowed to talk about the
potential trip we have planned we don't
have to I'll just say I'll put it
vaguely okay revive might do a fairly
epic trip later on this year and Bry
names will be with us if he does he's
gonna take a lot of photographs but
right now since we're so busy as a
company it like I'm going out to
California and in March and he has to
stay back and run the company wall you
know he's obviously not gonna be taking
photos of skating when what he's in Ohio
so uh when heat as dumb he might do it
but I don't know I can I can put in a
word and try to get and mix them well
here's a better question did you guys
like the prints you guys want to see
more prints they sold out
wait so um and he can't get around the
secret trip I haven't heard I need to
have it but that's cool we'll talk about
it all fair but uh honest little bhatia
latvia kind of kind of it's a world tour
guys who has the biggest banger in the
video
I don't I don't know it's it's kinda
feel like the best skating is technical
skating so it's kind of hard to switch
over to the biggest banger can
technically be better that's well yeah
yeah sure hanger I don't know I mean I
guess I would say your part Aaron you
have to watch a few times to actually
understand all of everything that went
down so that in itself is a good
statement but I'm not gonna give away
any tricks I'll say Aaron everyone
killed it like everyone's parts came out
way better than they thought they were
going to with a cut you know with mine
let me let me pause and say I'm sorry
that month I was in like super rush
I got a skate like an hour a week for
forever so like I have to be YouTube
videos and try to Street skating on
stuff and I have a line in there that I
do have a flat ground kickflip in its
downhill and it's pop to it but it's
just like it's a kickflip you don't do a
kickflip in a line yeah you dare you
doing it felt good it felt good okay and
then I thought about yeah but and then I
have like a filler line like I just
couldn't get out so but uh I think you
guys will be sites I mean I know you
guys film lines in the flock unfaithful
Bennet I think everyone does that
although I didn't tear apart I know I
got a line with flat ground trait foot
handy I'm not surprised I mean uh yeah
you kind of have to I might have one I
don't even remember was in the video
anymore
who's got last part that will be a
mystery do you guys actually did do you
guys know but do you guys know who got
last word nobody knows who you really
don't know no okay well say me
why do you know why am i so gay I don't
know how do I see the chat I'm having an
offspring you know how being a father
kind of just really turns you gay what
are the future plans for revive that's
easy
alright hold on I can send you a link
send me the way you should probably just
go to youtube and go to it and you're
watching McCall but I'll send you I'll
put the link on the chat that you're
probably looking at right now I'm not
even looking at my face
boom someone's like where do we live
let's all just post our addresses in the
ya section just look in the comments
you'll see my address in a second dude
you know what was scary is that I had in
the front of my last place I lived at on
a video and they're like oh you live in
this place and I'm like and it was right
and I was like that's horrifying so I
have a know like I don't film the front
of my house before I moved yes I made it
there you go if you're homeless they
can't find your address who is the
biggest I can't say that I'm not good so
the first part is always awesome so I'm
not gonna give that away either yeah
just tell me that here's a shout-out to
Cincinnati I think I was sure something
that said that but this is going really
fast
yeah it's paddling hard is how many
people are in it 423 how many manual
tricks did Erin do you have a lot of
that come out in Australia the DVD is
NTSC North American so if you don't have
a DVD player that matches that I don't
all show you might be off the same thing
get the digital download do not get the
DVD if you live in the UK do not get the
DVD cuz you are on pal so uh make sure
you get the digital download if you're
International just to be safe or if you
want as a collector's item just throw it
up on your wall and it won't play in a
DVD player so the digital download is
through revive skateboards calm yeah you
just go into the store and uh and you
just buy it as you buy anything else but
then you're emailed a link and it's kind
it's actually kind of knowing your
digital downloads are they instant Aaron
do you get there okay mine the one that
we have to go through these people they
couple hours which I don't know if it
was like a high volume when we tested it
took like two hours so if you don't get
your digital download right away don't
freak out it takes a second sometimes
but we're gonna talk to them and see if
there's like a fluke or whatever but uh
you know you might have to wait in an
hour or so to get your binge watch our
videos
yeah then just yeah watch the office
just go Andy I know we have a bunch of
revived deer coming out along with the
video all of it being new what's what
are you most important releasing because
another really well the DVD obviously
I'm like honestly like I lamp this in a
second but I've I've put together this
is my fifth skate video that I've like
produced edited all this stuff and this
I this is my favorite one so if you guys
have seen my other ones but unless you
private but uh of course under a
baseball team and this is all on the
store I think yeah what's he is I think
the baseball's he's pretty cool those
aren't typically my style but uh it's
especially coming out of Bry names
because he'd usually doesn't like create
graphics and he came up with that and I
think he sent it over to Justin Nelson
like make it better but I really like
how that came out and what you guys
don't know hold on my wife has uh call
me she's gonna be on the chat for saying
hey hey wife I'm online live right now
so is your voice so I'm sorry I was
really busy but just come home and I'll
say how do you then everything I love
you I don't know just you just get by
with everyone I don't know I'll go look
outside oh I love you bye did you have
any birthday cake because if not you
probably get them but one thing that's
not on the store that's that's gonna
that's coming out soon our hats snap X
we've been talked about getting those
forever mmm sombreros or is not that I
just said snap X although we should do
our live sombreros I'll be pretty cool
Andrew Estrada who is an awesome
supporter I see your name all the time
brother and you order from us I'm gonna
be back in Philly I think in April and
actually Bryan Ames might be with me so
Josh you should meet up with us inherent
you can't too if you want to make that
drive it's gonna be a busy month I'm
actually gonna spend a week in Boston
hopefully get some clips there so you
can do yeah
um hey um you might have enjoyed some
shameless self-promotion real quick
people have an ask to this shirt I think
I'm back okay I can hear you I saw you
give me a thumbs up
Robbie Cordova says what time will the
video come out on Friday a midnight so
technically the night of the 13th so as
soon as midnight hits you guys will be
there it'll be nine o'clock Thursday
night for you
Californians so you guys kind of get a
kind of a head start
not really but at the same time all
right
you're saying I can watch it on nine
o'clock on Thursday actually you know
what tomorrow's Tuesday I might send
yours and Sam's out tomorrow so it gets
to you on Valentine's Day which kind of
sucks because I'll send me Sam and I
should have our own premiere snacks and
cuddle up on the couch it's all it
intercepts the mail yeah it's suspicious
if you see a suspicious how much faster
mailman I'm gonna send it from like
Esteban and they would they have no idea
that is from her wife but you know what
I'm gonna do there cuz I was gonna give
it I'm gonna give everyone like more
than one copy but I'll just send you one
Aaron and then I will send more with
your next package because you guys got
some good package is coming up because
we got to craft on a new product so
someone did the comments are just flying
by so fast you don't see anything
there's so many people how did you meet
Alex just to be clear I did have
pretzels and then I hate them all long
ago I had them less work here's a good
one Justin Martinez says can i pre-order
the video uh no you can but I was
considering it but we have so many I
really don't think that's gonna be an
issue and obviously Digital Download is
unlimited so it's like we're you're
gonna be able to get it one way or
another
worst case scenario on the DVDs if they
sell out which I'd be surprised
they're fairly easy to restock so they
wouldn't be that long to get another
batch in but we have a lot so is the
video all Street yes
actually I have a well we have some DIY
stuff here and there but it's all
straight as far it you know unless
that's like transition type stuff which
I don't know if there's I have one
transition trick I think in this on like
a professional skateboarders mini ramp
so that one I didn't care about being
Park yeah it's Tony Hawk's is huge vert
rim a three foot back tailed it oh this
is going so fast
the weather in California is fine it's
just fine okay
I do like people it's only it's only
seven half minutes wide is not only
that's cool it has like there's like
five little segments hold on Max Weber
is calling you guys won't talk to him
for a second he's a good guy all right
max yeah I am live on the internet
talking about the skate video so could I
call you back another time oh you're
watching it right now and say what's up
to everybody yeah I know but you'll see
yourself come up on the screen so say hi
all right I'll talk to you the future my
friend later someone just asked I don't
know how I saw it cuz it's flying by
like like Wham before time but someone
said are there any bad Slams the video
and honestly like I get a lot of
messages from parents and stuff thanking
me for you know like how family friendly
and I don't even like necessarily try to
be family friendly I just like try to
make it good for everybody you know like
I just don't want to do anything to
offend us in person I don't want to like
dumb down my stuff like and it doesn't I
don't have to so but the video we we
test watched it with Brian Ames mom at
her house because we didn't have a TV at
the office so we just whatever it is
parent cells and there are so many slams
like there's nothing bad about the video
you know it's not like it's not grated
or anything
the slams in it she was like she she was
cringing there's like there's some
pretty bad there's some pretty uh ants
lambs in it like it's pretty funny I'm
in a good way this is my part wall slams
yeah yeah here let's let's pause from
question for a second since I'm like
blowing you guys out of the water when
it comes talking Aaron tell us what the
the kind of how did filming for your
part go how long were you know like how
like how much were you stressing did you
do it while you filmed videos or did you
actually have street missions I mean it
was pretty much I did have just street
missions but obviously I have to
constantly be creating YouTube videos
because I do like 3,000 every day yeah
do but yeah I was like and also I had
like in between filming for my part
during the summer I broke my foot in two
places right those my fault so that kind
of set me way back that was all your
fault I was like trying to do this tre
flip and you were like would even put it
away or event then boom was a 37 yeah I
don't know nobody knows that but in we
are avenged 37 Aaron broke his foot but
we didn't know it until after the fact
yeah pretty painful so that took me out
for a few months I had so many tricks
that I wanted to do that I never got to
just because I was like you know no it's
what you did very well make it very very
well and Josh that's what you just like
I wanted to give myself what the same
like precursor that you gave I'm sorry
guys my part oh yeah no you do follow
just about but I just I have to
apologize about my lines because I
wanted to have better lines so but you
have nothing to apologize dude your
second-to-last trick oh my gosh
I wish there was a good photo of that
yeah I do too that would've been a good
photo you should go I was yeah and
that's probably when it comes to like
one of the most massive things and I
think people think massive like tall
drop big handrail that's might be one of
the more massive things outside of that
element like you know obviously there's
not a twenty sir but that was huge so oh
my gosh I saw that now is like I was
like the coolest looking obstacle to
skate on yeah it was like let me run and
push as fast as I can possibly push him
jump and they go did you did you stick
on it yeah that's fine
did you get any sense yeah I mean it was
also weird because the thing actually
Teeter totters back and forth oh it was
like as I was going it would like
teeter-totter so yeah you got to have a
lot a lot of speed did you did you film
your setting while Astrodome playground
yeah kind of kind of an urban playground
what uh is that still there yes I think
so
I'm gonna be there next month if it's
still there we're skating it okay friend
poured because if someone asked about
revived plans I need to go over that
because for the next next video we're
gonna get it we're gonna get some tricks
on that thing front board would be
insane like concussion thing you messed
up but that'd be fun to skate but okay
Josh you yeah you filmed like a new
trick every single day how did your how
did your film ago if I don't have
anything to say it was just easy right
um it was more just like I didn't really
go out for any stream missions like I
would just cait's food a lot and I still
do and if I think of something let's do
it
that's right I still do it no it wasn't
like that it was more just like you know
whatever happened happened and I saved
because and I say more than I needed to
you know I'd just be super selective
just in case after a while though it
just been so long that I kind of lost
motivation and I was just like I stopped
actually like doing the spots to
actually do tricks I just like what will
my friends want
like whatever happened happened yeah no
choice trying to film a lot of times
yeah why that is well it's Josh I'm not
hating but you're enter the background
of that you're ender and what you're
wearing it's like all the same color
yeah it's a very red clip without me
throwing red over it did he fix though
whatever you saw whatever you told me to
do I did
oh it's whatever my friend is just like
you know my friends I'm gonna use my
camera so it's it was perfect I rocked
it it was awfully good it was awfully
red some people asked how if we all met
through YouTube and I think yes us three
all been through YouTube the first time
I talked to you Erin I think I'd watch
your videos it's funny because I watched
your videos and this is before you were
like really hardcore on how to skate
supports I mean you did stuff like that
but you didn't do it you weren't like
super concentrated right yes yeah can
you okay I don't know if you could talk
her yes because you blanked out earlier
but yeah so and then you hit me up and
you're like hey I'm interested in what
you're doing like we should I mean you
just have to just said hey like I'd love
to get involved and I was like I would
love to have you sign and sign you up
and that's really like the first time we
ever talked and then Josh smooth sailin
yeah yeah it was funny though because
like Erin like I didn't you know we the
first time you actually skates with
somebody like it felt like I knew you
already cuz I didn't know you but like
you like immediately fit into the exact
attitude and like we aren't revenge and
like the crew and everything and this
felt like you'd been doing it for years
like everybody on the team yeah it was
it was a good time and we a speaking of
are you gonna come down to LA of course
yeah okay we have to run to the second
car unless you will figure that it's no
market right yeah
March 14th we're headed up I
I'll probably just drive my car oh okay
well then we'll give you gas money and a
huge huge paycheck and we'll give you
like a chauffeur to drive you in your
car yeah do what you get a throne - sure
king of manuals but Josh I did some
collabs with you right yeah I think you
reached out to me a while back and I've
seen your stuff and what was our first
collab do you remember the first all
right what I remember is I saw you were
watching my videos and then I like
clicked in your channel you'd like
15,000 subscribers and I was like this
guy's huge on YouTube and everything
yeah and and I was he said like dude
you're gonna be you're gonna be it
because it was like one of those like I
got a thousand subscribers videos and
you're like you'll be good blah blah
blah soon enough and I'm like no way man
that'd be yeah yeah thanks well I I got
to whatever number you probably said
eventually but then yeah we started
doing collabs I don't know I thought I
think you came to me because I never
went to people with collabs really like
contests and stuff oh yeah did a contest
for so I don't know we should go back
and look and watch him that'd be me
and then I when I was putting together
the team I think Aaron was already on
board at that point
maybe not was Aaron on the team when you
got on tosh.o uh it wasn't a team yet
well oh yeah you know what you were
there before we actually announced we
were gonna be a company yeah hey I'm
gonna start this you should get involved
yeah and then I drove to Virginia and we
skated that's that and yeah then then
we're friends and life is awesome
so heroes go back to some there's a guy
in the window I'm in the window that's
my reflection actually I think I had a
saying like you talk like oh yeah I'm
thinking about getting Aaron on and I'm
like hey that's like a good ski
water you should consider it so I mean I
oh really I had final say but I had in
place I even put so Erin yeah he's so
you had your chance to say no and you're
and you didn't take it
I'm surprised there's no like more
companies that are like really like
YouTube driven it's like we're the only
people doing this out there so you don't
have any options as what I'm saying Josh
like we're no I'm just kidding
you actually turned into a one terrific
skateboard like you've progressed a lot
over the last few years
yep you're welcome alright are you guys
still getting your own wheels um I have
a different idea for wheels but wheels
are coming so hang in there when's the
revived longboard coming whenever you
make it man if you and I lived near each
other we would make the most ridiculous
videos in the whole world like yeah like
the stupidest ideas and turn them into
something completely that'd be so fun
that would be so fun so when you come
down for this la trip we're gonna have
to do that yeah well I'll be up back in
sf2 for like three days he's riding in
the reviving you at all
his name is no the key is dude he skates
like I got him aboard I need to put it
on YouTube
I got him aboard for a second birthday
and like it was like the most hallmark
have I said said it to you Josh yeah was
it that like a magical Kodak moment
definitely I want to see this I haven't
seen that I'll text it I'll text to you
after this well I'll do it right now
it's like the most magical little moment
ever I was like he knew exactly what he
was doing and he is goofy footed he's
fairly am embarrassed in my life
yeah it is important we're gonna freshen
when are they coming
Oh we'll bring on bass quit this is the
first Pro scooter to answer that
okay I'm sorry I'm sending you its I'm
answering that I'm gonna send you ridin
skateboard
get your son here's another good
question
Zelda desert I've saved her many times
but that's a question that's hit Zelda
yeah what do you got for that are you
excited yes
7 2014 yes super excited that's what I
can do yeah I'm very excited for 2014
those 13 was great and I was really
psyched on 14 someone did get her of
I've tattoo and I'll I'll talk about it
in like an update video or something and
show it to people I just blow them on I
know she seems like a really cool gal to
I mean I live yeah don't don't yet you
won't know but I'll be there and I will
just be like eating the sandwich then I
pull to get something out of there
I will I might slap you well Josh got
revived his 19 to old to start skating
never is too old to start skating I'm
pretty sure den Dallas was 19 when he
first started skating like really dude I
saw there any thoughts there dude it
looked like he was in his late 40s
skating their day and he was good like
he was on top of his tricks I was like
wow that's like that's inspiring that'll
be done yeah I get people emailing me
saying like I'm 40 I just got your video
I'm learning all these tricks that's
awesome dude it's rad yeah yeah never
too old I mean that's guy Mariano 36 Wow
that's what I'm gonna try to do I'm
gonna try to get as good as guy Mariano
about time 36 here were 37 you think you
would got in last part
oh hey Aaron thank you for the help on
asteroids he was funny thing he was say
was in a skate support before before he
was involved with her vibe really a
crooked grind yeah he's in there and
it's Sam Taber's like is a funny story
he's like on the team not on accident
like he definitely earned you know he
was like very motivated and he's like
one of the dudes I think a lot of the
first peoples like misconception over
vibe is that we're like a family I don't
we're not trying to like hey the best of
the best are on our team like we're a
family and we stick together have each
other's backs and you know like Sam's
part of the family so it made sense to
put him on and he made some story about
meeting us at Ali's skate park and I saw
it and I was like hey that was awesome I
remember seeing you come back up if you
want we're skating tomorrow so he did
and he just started hanging out with us
more and more and more and uh and I need
a story on his YouTube yeah dude he's
gonna kill me for saying this it's a
great I only get to you Aaron I also
gotta find this skate support because I
don't remember that at all oh let's make
Sam Taber famous that's good how much
will shipping be for the DVD I haven't
actually into that but not much it
doesn't take much to probably like two
bucks unless you live in China yeah it's
been don't buy the DVD if you live at
200 bucks
of course they probably do make right
America you know our DVDs are actually
from China so anything yeah what are
your music interests actually here I'll
talk about the music for the video
musics pretty is it's kinda all over the
place there are some heavier songs like
you've seen in the last trailer but
there's a lot of indie rock that's like
kind of like typical skate video music
like Aaron you have a really good song
like that
so does it so do you Josh mine's a
little heavier Alex has like an indie
rock song but then Thomas has a really
weird song and I'm not gonna tell you
the John row because it'll give you a
like a an automatic negative like if you
just hear you're like well I like that
music but it won't be
skating you know so I'm not gonna say
anything about it but I think it's weird
no it's really tight it's a weird type
of music like I've never it's a it's a
cool catchy Chandra but I've never heard
it someone bold enough to use it in a
skate video and I just heard it and I
was like I think I could rock this with
Thomas's style and it came out I liked
it so is it like music no no it's
nothing weird like it's not weird at all
it's it's uh it's a form of rap I'll say
I know whose ICP no it's not rap so you
don't want to go through how many of the
songs that you have to pick Andy I went
through a lot I actually ask people to
give let me see their music and then I
listen to a lot of it and there's a lot
of good options but the actual bands
that I picked and that gave us
permission like or some of the nicest
dudes ever and I'm really really psyched
to have the music that that is in there
and I'll be doing giveaways to promote
these bands too including the people for
your part Aaron so if you want meet it
because I'll do it on one channel like
I'll ask them whatever URL they won't
promote it and we can send them some
stuff and oh yeah well Aaron how'd you
find your song I asked this guy he's a
his name is Anthony Fantino at the
needle drop there you go little spot for
you he's like a youtube music critic and
I was like hey I need music and so he
was like I work a lot with this band
check out their songs and if any of them
are good then they'll let you use it for
sure and then yeah I got three albums I
edited my part to about 15 different
tracks and then I ended up just picking
that one so that's got it it fits
especially when it comes in like with
the intro it's like I don't know it just
has a good vibe to it I like it a lot
yeah I mean it's hard to find music that
you can get the rights to so yeah and a
lot of people are asking is it
copyrighted music and any anything
created has a copyright to the creek to
the like whoever created it like if I
paint a picture like that's copyrighted
to me
it's not you can make it official like
so you can prove it in court but I
actually took a college course on this
so it's not all the stuff isn't owned by
like huge record labels but yes I mean
it's real legit music it's not like Raj
tunes that's yeah that's all I needed to
say to say all that yeah yeah when are
you going to vote in Los Angeles Aaron
Aaron and I'll be Aaron me Alex Justin
Ellison and Sam flu hardy will be in LA
the weekend of the 14th of next month it
could be a crazy weekend
I got a there's so many people that that
probably want to meet up with us so it's
gonna be tough but if you see us say
what's up what are you doing down there
you're gonna skate parks or are you Oh
like you're doing some whole idea was to
have fun but now Ritchie like I'm doing
a video with Ritchie Jackson for my
channel I wanted to meet up with rob
brink because we had him on like shred
cast bunch of times and he's an awesome
dude
and now I'm supposedly skating with
Jason Park to do some stuff with cuz
he's working with Brett I stay with
Brett Novak cool so I don't know if I
should have announced that or what not
but I did so oops sorry Brett so I don't
know and then I you know if you're there
you're probably the one go to the
barracks and there'll be a lot of fun I
met Jason Park this last time he's rad
all my friends are friends with him like
my friend society friends all hung out
with and stuff and then Brett's like
friends them so like I hear nothing but
good things about the dude
although yeah on top of him being like
an insanely creative awesome talent
escape were you know this whole ensued
but do you want to talk about the next
video
yeah her before which might wrap up soon
and uh keep in mind guys we're I want to
do another one of these now that we
actually know how to do it too I want to
do another one of these after the videos
dropped and then we can actually talk
about specifics of the video if you guys
are down and uh so you'll get to see us
again doing this in in a couple weeks or
something but yeah the future survive
so this we're releasing this video we're
expanding our products blah blah blah
we're moving into a warehouse in about
two-and-a-half weeks and we will have a
we'll definitely have a little training
section you know we'll have box or rail
like a ramp I kind of want to build a
hip I'm not gonna I'm not sure if we'll
have room and the first where else but I
would like to I'm gonna create content
I'm gonna be traveling for instance
Aaron and I and all those dudes are
gonna be an out in up and down
California next month I'm gonna be in
Philly in April there's a much larger
project that hopefully I can give you
guys information on and so basically the
next two years we're gonna be up
traveling and filming and just doing
what we do
keeping our YouTube's going keeping the
product coming and I want to drop the
second video in 2016 you guys down for
that so that's the deadline yeah 2016
and that's a bra I mean think about we
got all year this year we got all your
next year and then we can be lazy and
actually push it to the end of 2016 I'm
gonna fill my today tomorrow yeah and
just to get people like motivated to go
out and film footage deadline is next
week yeah it's a good idea
but that's have your part ready or
you're kicked off yeah and I'd like to
next year I want to move into a larger
warehouse so oh and we're also and also
putting together a pilot for a TV show
based on like the workings of revive
like the warehouse it basically the high
jinks I get into a while running revived
and I'm gonna try to pitch it to some
online like streaming networks that's a
thing it sounds like a big big project
but uh it's it's just like it's it's
kind of I haven't actually start got my
hands dirty with it I just want to start
tackling that this year so that's on
that's kind of in my brain okay you
should probably cover real fast is the
video the video is not gonna be ready
right away for iTunes right oh that's a
good point yeah yeah iTunes and I need
to it it's not easy to get on iTunes
because if you haven't actually
published movies multiple movies you
have to go through a people-people that
will do it for you and this is kind of
like there's contracts and stuff and
I've got to have my like our lawyers
look over it so it's like a kind of a
long annoying process so digital
download if you guys want to buy the
video digital first day don't go to
iTunes it won't be there go to the
website and we will do what iTunes
release in the future definitely want to
get the digital download yes so the
digital download is day night 9 o'clock
if you're in California let's see if we
can crash the revive site Thursday night
we're actually worried about hard to
brine about that but Alex says dude
you're good the crash the site's gonna
crash it hasn't before and we've had
some pretty busy days so who knows okay
but it will all pick a few questions you
my best to crash it you're gonna buy a
bunch of copies I think I'm gonna get
kicked out here yeah immediately and
then I'm gonna ask for them all to be
returned just so the site will crash is
that cool no yeah yeah we better wrap up
here in a sec cuz I'm gonna Starbucks
and they're like trying to close I think
okay no yeah yeah we'll just pick a few
questions and we'll call quits the TV
that was a horrible idea you haven't
seen it but uh sorry feel that way buddy
you don't have to watch it if it comes
out the premiere it's a great idea
Thank You Aaron I'm gonna invite you and
you'll be the one of the stars in the
first episode so yeah and it's the
premiere if you guys live anywhere
trying to think
I don't think which is weird because max
is in the video max is part okay
so premiere it's gonna be February 15th
it's gonna be an ollie skate park in
Florence Kentucky this is very very
close to Cincinnati so it's you know
it's basically like it's just outside of
Cincinnati it's a very big skate park
we're gonna be skating and hanging out
afterwards so uh it'll be a fun time
you'd come out it's free to watch the
video if you're gonna skate you're gonna
have to pay
and uh be there we're gonna have a bunch
of the new product there too if you guys
want to just you know getting a chance
to grab that right away don't play any
games Gate you'll lose yes
yeah you will you're really good escape
anything else
y'all will I sell out we've almost have
already filled out so I uh actually no
one who's I yeah I've actually ignored a
lot of like opportunities to make money
online because I was like like hot or
not calm hit me up but I'm like I'm not
gonna do something for hot or not like
if I was inspired not calm yeah I
shouldn't say that they're bummed
nothing against how or not to come I
just thought like if I didn't have
something that naturally made me want to
do something I'm not gonna force it you
know yeah okay so uh two more questions
that we're done we are gonna do a throw
away we will do a product toss at some
point during the evening can you explain
why the decks always sell out so fast we
literally just have that much demand
we're doing it every time we ordered X
they sell out fairly fast and it's not
quick to get decks back in and we don't
have like a million dollars so we order
as much as we possibly can afford and
they get in and we sell them and then we
can order a little bit more because we
have more money from the previous order
and it's just it's it's tough it's a
it's an awesome problem to have as a
business but it's really frustrating we
ordered a lot of decks we have a ton of
Dex's time so I don't think they're
gonna sell out within a couple days like
they they have in the past so it's just
it's something we can't control it's not
a fast process to make skateboards um
Doug does it tell us black ninja and I
wall be at the premiere so come come to
the fairing black in real life human
being yeah a game of skate for way
five-way oh we should do that we should
get when the whole team's together one
day we should
do a team game of skate wherever we all
play and be so great like crazy and
massive if do it in parts and we'll film
like reality shots
we'd have a referee and a score check oh
you know be cool I can actually match up
you know pair up do mandatory yeah I've
been after Aaron beat Thomas so many
times I kind of want to play her cuz I
mean you good make sure you have your
friends that way
yeah that's just to start Walter yep and
all those great supports that was really
good yeah I'm gonna use your videos okay
but thank you guys for tuned in asking
us questions we're gonna do another one
of these hopefully I haven't actually
asked these dudes do another one of
these
after the videos released and you guys
have a chance to watch it so uh if you
guys want ask these questions bug us on
all our social medias YouTube Facebook
all that stuff and hopefully we can get
back to you as much as we can I probably
can't that much because I'm very busy
doing getting the video ready but uh
ashrak youtube.com slash andres rock you
guys shout out where you are on the
internet and we'll call quits Josh Aaron
Cairo skateboarding calm youtube.com
slash Braille skateboarding there we go
there's a real answer all right guys
Josh's is room later guys
