what's up guys that was Palin skate here
on YouTube and not only was that some
awesome obviously talented skateboarding
but it was so creative and refreshing to
me that I was like I have to I have to
grab my camera go out in the snow and
show people his skating because it's
really good stuff and also he's been a
subscriber of mine for a while it shows
me a lot of support so I'm really happy
to kind of like return the favor and
show you guys his footage so I click
that bottom like right down there and
check his channel out and give him a
subscribe you will not regret it and
then if you're not subscribed to me on
the top link and I do daily videos like
this every single day but i mainly check
out Palin and and that's just it i'm
gonna i'm going to go up and trek
through the snow back to my house while
looking seriously angry
you
