if Facebook pages had doorbells i would
spend my day ring and running people
okay that's just what would happen
they'll be like oh I got a message then
they would open their door their message
door and they'd be like no one's here
like yeah that's because I didn't don't
ditch you Tracy from Toronto bill from
Birmingham you guys got friggin you guys
but in all seriousness this is an update
video and I'm gonna talk about stuff
that is total in my talk about okay my
cuz my life it's it's it's it's what it
is my life is is what it is watch a
million other updates to find out what
my life is about and what that means is
a busy and I'm just kind of juggling
things around getting ready for the
premiere and the release of the video
because oh say that again just I me
rewind dinner I'll just say it again
whoo yeah that's how I feel right now
because next weekend is going to be 0
it's gonna be a no but before I get to
that I'm going to talk about a few
things first off my leg injury that I
talked about last video yeah yeah that
one the picture you just saw it's not
even gone and like how was that not gone
okay granted it was like a third knee on
my body but figured to be gone by now
and it's not it's like this far above my
leg still and when I press on its got
like a bunch of blood and stuff and
everyone's like Andy go to the hospital
like no I'm not gonna go to hospital
because it's progressively getting
better if my legs starts to like feel
numb or it falls off or something I'll
go to the hospital i'll be like hey
gotta let go put this back on me or give
me a pair of Han Solo pants because he
just frankly looks better in those pants
and I would like to rock that I just
really would but seriously my interest a
lot better and but it is getting better
it's just slowly taking time and it's
kind of annoying because every time I go
out and skate I have a button that if
something hits that that button it's
just your back oh let's just give Andy
some pain like here and eat aches and
pain I'll be like I don't want your pain
but it forces it really forces the pain
upon me and it's it's not fun to have a
time bomb on your leg as well I'm saying
what in my face always look like this
but I have a little different segments
here i am featuring some escape footage
UK and this is from a dude Jalen 6 and
he's been supporting my videos and my
company for a long time since like the
Donovans and I mean he was like five
boards at a time like he is dedicated
and I saw his footage and I was like
buddy one thank you to let me show the
footage to the world so uh sit back and
watch a few clips from Jaylin six people
I
I hope that smile on your face okay it's
not gonna put a smile on your face I
hope it physically smile on your face
and take that for whatever it means put
aside from getting ready for the
disaster that his neck next weekend I'll
talk about in a second what I've been up
to lately is pretty much the same old
thing making videos and working and
playing with my awesome child and my
wife and all that fun stuff packed like
the only thing that's different about my
life these last few weeks I've been
watching the office again and you need
to watch it okay people in season one's
a little bit slow season 22 like season
seven is like punching the eyeballs good
okay I've done my part they didn't say
that I just like the office up in
Washington alright but next weekend guys
you know what it is the release of this
lifts Kate died the first full-length
revived video I'm holding a copy of it
in my hands okay it goes up for sale at
midnight on Valentine's Day which kind
of like the night of the 13th I guess
you could say but midnight if
Valentine's Day this gets released along
with all of our decks we have a lot in
stock we have a new baseball tee coming
we have a new tee shirt coming we have a
lot of stuff going on but I might as
well show you one of the decks right
here it is the live skate died Dec I
don't know you can see it in the sliding
but very like faintly that all of our
last names are written on the board and
no this does not make us all pro it's
just a team deck it's like a limited
edition lettuce Kate died Dec we have a
decent amount of these in stock but a
lot of people are psyched on them so
grab them while you can because they're
not going to be around along we might do
a second order but we might not either
way it's not going to be around for more
than like two orders so if you get your
hands on one of these consider yourself
one of the people they got your hands on
one of these and buy two orders I mean
two runs not to next we have a lot more
than two decks people and we're also
bringing back the red lifeline that was
a classic revenge deck and I'm really
psyched that is back in the lineup of
revived exes because that's just that
was the original deck when we started
revenge and now it's here okay so put
you happiness faces on people because
it's coming back in addition to the
decks and the video and the shirts being
released the digital download of the
video will be available on @midnight so
you'll be able to get it instantly that
way but if you want the nice version you
have to order it it comes with like
seven and a half minutes of bonus
footage that the digital download does
not have and it comes to this pretty
case it has a couple photographs inside
and looks all spiffy and you get to
you like I have a physical thing I own
this I bought this it's not a file on my
computer now that is exciting at all but
the real thing you need to know about no
actually that was the real thing you
need to know about the second awesome
thing you need to know about is that we
are doing the premiere it is all ages is
free to get in to watch it and it's
going to be at Ollie's skatepark in
Florence Kentucky if you're in the
Cincinnati area you know where it is and
I have an event page on Facebook so if
you are in the area or gonna be
traveling into the city for it because a
lot of people i mean there's people
coming in from a few states away to
watch this and it's gonna be an awesome
time so if you're going to be there go
down to the facebook link the top of the
info and say going just so we kind of
get an idea of how many people are gonna
be there but a lot of the team's gonna
be there in fact the whole team except
Erin and Sam fluharty are gonna be there
I'm Doug's coming in and Josh coming in
all the Cincinnati guys it's gonna be a
lot of fun we're all gonna hang out and
skate afterwards so come hang out watch
the video and skate with us Oh in
skating of course costs money it's but
it's free to watch the movie so be
prepared I mean yes bring some money and
we're showing the main section of the
video at the premiere so if you want to
pick up the DVD which has like the
entire complete video plus the bonus
footage will have it there and then
we'll have a few decks insurance there
too so uh just just an FYI we will be
there are projects to be there the video
be there and we will all be having a
good time outside the skateboard world
valentine's Day is coming up and I know
people a million people have said this
but I've been since my whole life so I'm
just gonna say it deep you know I'm
saying valentine's Day is ridiculous
like I am going to take my wife out and
I'm going to treat her awesome blah blah
blah but I'm gonna do that all the time
you know I'm like that's really stupid I
don't know if I for answers about this
before but girls and guys that aren't
Valentine's Day like enjoy it and I hope
you have a blast and it means something
to you but in the back your mind you
should be offended because if you love
somebody you should be treating like
that all the time you know like what
what come the 15th to people just be
like hey I'm not no I'm not gonna rub
your feet because I loved you yesterday
valentine's Day I'm not gonna love you
as much as I did yesterday your feet are
not getting rub today like that so I
guess it's a very offensive idea like
celebrate your love all the time and I
am getting way too homework on this this
is ridiculous but on the bright side
Lisa isn't sweetest day sweetest day is
just of the biggest rip off in the world
like it's just like we just like add one
like that's valentines day two and then
why isn't our valentines day three like
I'd be good you caught like pucker up
day
in friggin februari that's all we're
valentine's Day is you idiot jun you
know pucker up day where you just you're
supposed to kiss and then go to dinner
and then card and then gift and then
free to spend your money oh my i was
actually pretty cool I threw up a bomb
from Mario okay and things just like
kind of flew like it like it exploded
I'm about to lose my brain and I'm going
to end this video but he used to come
I've got just some odds and ends skate
videos here and there I have a like a
street throw away part from last year
coming out soon and we're working on
with our bench 40 you know we try to do
one of the winter this has been the
worst winter of my entire life there's
just snow and cold and rain and wet and
like there's literally just not dry
street so we have like like fifty to
sixty percent of it filmed already but
we have to finish it up and we need dry
street so as soon as that happens you
will have we order bench for you guys as
we're working on it we really are and I
think blooper montage it should be
coming up soon so watch out for all
those I will see you in the future and
I'm going to throw uh I'm gonna throw
the bomb at you no I'm not because
valentine's Day is coming up and I love
you more right now
I'm not hating on the people that did
not have a gender but um I don't know
anyone so it is kind of weird you know
like it's like it's if you met a french
fry that was actually like a fruit it'd
be like a fruit what am I talking about
that noise oh I started making it and I
was like I just kept doing I hit the
record button because I don't know how
to do that okay i guess i do it I'd that
ok well it looks stupid at least I got
that on film i turn the turn the record
button oven go but up but I have a kind
of did identity what that was that was
hands down like that one dude from
looney tunes maybe that's all folks was
it some folks money I should know this
but when all this do you hear my wish
are there it sounded like I was 13 go
through puberty know why I said that
like a excited sports fan but did I did
it really that's kind of clip that makes
you sit back and her wounded and say did
he what he said like and why did he
sound that way and am I must've watching
this video
you
