all right so here's some pretty weird
footage this happened a few years back
when we were about to leave for a
philadelphia tree and Tyler here decide
to get a piece of his headphone stuck in
his ear we were right next to a vet and
Petsmart what had happened so he got the
weird idea to go see if they would pull
it out and the rest that kind of happens
is pretty funny I figured since it
didn't go in any video and be ashamed
not to show you dudes I know this is a
little different but hope you guys enjoy
it I'll be back to my normal videos
tomorrow yeah we don't know what to do
do it with scissors in what that's what
I'm saying I do that it's just scissors
in your ear what do you think the
chances are they have an open pair of
tweezers or bloodbath feel I just
sitting out yeah but it's way funnier if
you get dog good he's gonna pull this at
my max well no he's not no no you got it
already
in case you're tuning in just now yeah
bro I've got I've got a bit of plastic
lodged as far as he can go ready bro
I just asked a vet if they would pull it
out for me and they said no and directed
me to the no you're not touching base
and they directed me to aisle 32 which
and like the next year these full-blown
dog tweezers I think you could probably
pull takes off dogs and these or
something I don't think this is supposed
to go to ears what we're gonna pull it
out now you're not touching come on man
just a sterol didn't policy bros dude
dude that hurt you too big right now
shut up gross oh my gosh I was in your
ear thank you
this gigantic piece of plastic here
lodged in my ear if you're considering
your headphones if you have really fancy
like 100 $100 headphones you're idiot
get rid of them
okay max look watch look you look for
like my letters
look do you three good look there you
are networking yes look uh I gotta kill
you really is doing finishing the job
