YouTube what is up guys I have a fun
video that I have never done before it's
gonna be kind of like a walk down memory
lane but I'm gonna show some old footage
so it's gonna be a lot of fun hang out
with me and I'm going to explain to you
guys how every member of the revived
team came to be on the team so when we
started we were just gonna make a
full-length skate video you had no plans
on making an actual skateboard company
what it was is that it was just a group
of friends it was like a little family
okay there was guys on the team at did
he was skate which would be bangerang my
friend Kyle and his brother Tyler
warming up at the skate park today
it's friggin nice outside let's do it
whoever to skate puck today it's freakin
nice outside let's do it it's on thank
you very much Tyler actually started
skating so he skated a little bit but
they were just kind of the dudes there
one of us so I was like yeah do this
with us it's gonna be skate videos but
you know more the merrier let's hang out
and have fun that's when we started the
series called we want revenge we were
gonna film for a falling sick video
called skate revenge which ultimately
turned into live skate die
so the original crew was myself
Alex buting and West those are the three
dudes it kind of like got our heads
together and I was like this is what I
want to do you guys want to do this with
me and they were like yes bangarang and
Tyler quickly agreed and a Jace who was
like my little brother I've literally
known this dude since he was two years
old Jason won't start skating and I was
like yeah dude if you want to come hang
out with us you know like his whole
family was like my second family so it
wasn't anything weird at all it was
awesome to have somebody starting from
scratch and it'd be so talented like he
was just a little ball of energy that
could like learn tricks like that and
also max Mayberry who had known for a
long time and I'd skated with we were
done one of those yeah what kind of
response is that I'm better than I
thought I was him if he wanted to be
involved and he said yes so I had my
crew it was me Alex Wes Jase Tyler
bangerang and Max and that was the
original revenge crew and we made we
want revenge's hey we're gonna film
major don't we what
9 so you can go back and watch all of
them in fact we have the DVD where they
come with all of it and we interview all
of those dudes so it was really cool to
get the gang back together for the DVD
and have some bonus features but let's
get into it the people that you know
Tyler and bangerang kind of like phased
out sooner than later I still know those
dudes I still see him once in a while
and they're my friends I remember
they're my brothers they're their family
so uh but they kind of phased out so
when we started getting really skate
oriented and heavy and then we just
tried to make skateboards and then the
team kind of grew about the same time it
was we brought on our next dude which
would be Sam flu hearty Sam's awesome
he's like a comedian he's like one of
the funniest dudes ever but he saw our
videos he got hyped on skating again he
was like I used to skate I want to get
back into it
let me come hang out and he did we
actually weren't sure what was happening
when we brought him onto the team I just
let him start appearing in the videos oh
yeah Sam flew artis here blow skate park
in Northern Kentucky and I got my dude
Sam with us what's up and then
eventually I felt bad because I never
properly brought him onto the team so we
made some like goofy skit and one of the
way our avenges welcoming onto the team
but he was such a perfect fit I realized
that we never made a big deal about Sam
flu hearty getting on the teams we flew
Sam in from California just to film a
few tricks for you hold I'm saying that
you do it man pretty good he's working
exactly what you're wearing funny goofy
didn't take it too seriously just had
fun skateboarding and he felt like one
of the families so he started coming out
with us all the time and he even filmed
like a shared park with a Sam Taber for
the live skate dive to this day he's not
an active member on the team but a
revived is such a like family it's like
once you're one of us you're always one
of us unless somebody actually quits but
it's just like an OG member now so he
wants come on say it with us awesome if
you want some tricks in the video
awesome if he wants a dick awesome he's
part of the family that's just the
attitude you know we're not really
setting out to be a skateboard team for
just like a skate family does that make
sense yes it does make sense because
that was English not that other
languages don't make sense this don't
make sense to me because I don't
necessarily know him except I know a
little bit of Latin French and Spanish
let's keep going all right the next
member was Josh Katz who I'd been
talking to online
he was like the top youtuber skate
youtuber at the time I'm pretty sure but
yeah he just started skating in his
driveway and he got better and better
and better and I just loved seeing him
grow and he reached out to me about
possibly riding for it and I was like
well yeah dude let's skate let's hang
out so I went over on the metro tour I
hung out with Josh and we filmed a
welcome part and it was just kind of
this thing whereas when we were realized
that the boards were coming out and Josh
Katz just made sense and a lot of people
to this day think that the only people
we sponsor are people to have
subscribers and I think Josh Katz is
literally like the only situation where
he had a bunch of subscribers but that
wasn't why I put him on I just loved
seeing him grow and I thought he just
captured everything I wanted about a
skateboarder like just like starting in
his driveway and working his way up and
it's progressing it was just super
inspiring the intro we filmed for Josh
Katz wasn't that good in the we are
revenge
see the right person you'll know man
welcome to see bud but it was just some
goofy way to announce he's on the team
nowadays I would have refilmed it I
would have made it polished and I would
have made it way more entertaining and
exciting but it's what it was oh yeah
and if you're confused we used to be
revenge then we change our name to
revive skateboards so same company two
different names next is Aaron Cairo who
is now the top skateboarding channel on
YouTube the Braille army Braille
skateboarding that whole family is such
a massive entity three million
subscribers but when I put him on I just
knew him as the talented dude that did
the crazy manuals online like I did a
fan of his skating and he reached out to
me and I was like this guy wants to ride
for my company and it was the one time
where I kind of just put somebody on
just because they were so talented and
these days I would never do that but it
just so happens that Aaron just matches
with us so perfectly and he's part of
the family it never for once it did it
seemed off so that was like at the early
stages I didn't necessarily know what I
was doing but I knew I liked his skating
so I put him on and then he got big on
YouTube he had like 12,000 subscribers
when I put him on I had more and then he
blew past me at one point and and now he
is the monster that he is on YouTube but
he also is a terrific skateboarder he's
a terrific friend he's just an
all-around good guy and I think we
announced it via a welcome part we
actually said welcome to the team Aaron
Cairo and it was a funny little bit I'll
play a clip from it now
Aaron Kyra ruts Aaron Carroll rides for
revenge skateboards revenge skateboard
okay we are revenge Chara how's that
sound
this right yeah era Cairo he's one of
the dudes and it just would not be
provided without him love that guy he
does so much for skateboarding which
means the world to me you know he's like
he's out there getting kids sight
getting kids started on skateboarding
you know as somebody who actively
inspires people to start skateboarding
it has my heart that's amazing moving on
to Thomas Alvarez yes
so Thomas is one of the most fascinating
human beings in the world but I got to
see Thomas grow up to some extent he
kind of just showed up at my skate park
one day a little kid and with a
Venezuelan accent happy and excited to
talk to anyone and he was really good at
skating from the get-go I think he was
actually in like we are avenged 12 at
the end we like made him film something
saying something and but we didn't like
really skate with him at that time I
just put the camera on him as I knew him
from the skate park and he was in the
video while I got the ender Tyler got
the end there soon after he started
coming down skating with us and he was
doing the weirdest tricks the world like
just like the tech is stuff we're like
wow this kid really has something and
he's goofy and he's funny and then one
day we realized I was like oh yeah he's
like totally part of the family we
should see if he wants to be on a lot on
the team and then we are revenge we
actively did it we made a me do a trick
over him for his initiation and they
welcomed him to the team sponsor our veg
welcome man I'm gonna go nod Andy Shah
closed three flips so he's gonna do it
over a person it's still alive next was
Doug Tessa tells who I met when I did a
podcast like an online live podcast
thing called shred cast with some of my
good friends ninja Doug me bass Quinn Oh
Josh and Josh was on it too but I
started skating with Doug who was just
one of the best skateboarders ever like
it was insane to see how consistently
good he had been over the years and he
was just very tech skated pretty much
everything and once we like started
actively skating with him I talked to
Brian and I was like Brian we should
totally bring Doug on like he's really
good like he just feels like one of us
misfits you know and it just it made
sense and again to touch the YouTube
thing he had a decent amount subscribers
but he wasn't like a huge youtuber in
fact Thomas didn't have any he didn't
have a YouTube channel at all but Doug
we knew about him we loved him and we
put him on and then we put a little
welcome part of him skating and we said
welcome to team Doug
Sam Tabor now Sam was funny because when
Sam started skating with us he wasn't
that good of a skateboarder but we
immediately loved his personality and
his sense of humor and his and his
YouTube videos he didn't have any
following online
he had like 500 subscribers which isn't
a no subscribers like that's a decent
amount but like all of us had like just
tens and ten to a hundred thousand
subscribers or something and it was just
like he was this newcomer and he's just
made it a point to come drive two hours
to skate with us all the time and he was
coming up a bunch we started hanging out
when we weren't skating and he was just
one of the family at the same time he
was getting a lot better at
skateboarding like we gotta kind of got
to see him like being able to do some
like freestyle on the flat ground or
like varial flips off the top of banks
to like full-on doing like finger 180
flip to nose manuals like through like
weird things and he's just he's just
such a creative skateboarder that does
tricks that I just I would never wrap my
brain around and I've seen him grow so
much from the instruction and I was
starting to see that growth so I was
like let's do it dude Sam's part of the
family it doesn't make sense for him not
to be on the team so we challenged him
to eat a bunch of hash browns which he
hated hash browns so thank you for
putting up with that Sam and you know
and then he was one of us and it's it's
just been him and us ever since I don't
know what I'm saying it wouldn't be
arrived without and Sam we're safer I
called Sabre to me to see them all so
now that you're officially part of the
family I'm gonna put the timer on right
now
welcome to the team my friend misread
your color Johnny Geiger so Johnny
Geiger wrote for force and we never had
any plans on let on him riding for a
vibe he lived in Switzerland I'd skating
with a couple times I loved Johnny he
was one of those people that like if you
meet someone that their native tongue is
not your language you think there'd be
like some sort of culture barrier or
like awkwardness to get used to not at
all Johnny immediately it was like grew
up with us like it just felt so right
and we knew him from force of course Wow
a horse what's worse that didn't arrive
as much but well you know we hung out
then we loved him and he asked for
director revive like he's one of the few
people that actually asked and we were
like yeah why not we love you Johnny
you're part of the family anyway so it
just made sense so we brought him on we
did a little welcome part and it was it
was history and now we were worldwide
we got a Swiss dude riding for us so it
was awesome so we started bringing him
out here it was just a great
relationship and I need to get out to
Switzerland to actually hang out with
him in his home turf
John Hill
okay so John Hill came out of nowhere
for one we have a mutual friend who they
grew up skating with him and he skated
Cincinnati a bunch I just never met him
so I was skating with Nigel Alexander
one day a bunch of us were it was like a
big crew and John was skating with Nigel
and we met up and Nigel like here's this
John guy and we immediately got along
with him he got her sense of humor he
like laughed but he was very passionate
maybe you know John Hill he was insanely
passionate he was a sailor driven and he
told me I want to get into the YouTube
thing he had no subscribers he just
started a channel I was like you're
perfect for it dude so I was just kind
of talking about YouTube and we
originally were going to put him on our
second board company three-block but we
were having so many name trademark
issues because we couldn't get a name
eventually turned in a three-block but
uh eventually we were just like dude
John you're around us all time it just
makes sense for you to be on let's let's
just put you under 5 K and if you really
want to be on the second board company
down the line like you can just tell us
to switch and that's fine but right now
let's just get you on a board company
let's put you on a ride because you're
clearly one of the family and that this
is weird because as cool of a moment as
it was as John being on our vibe because
he and during that whole time where he
wasn't sponsored by revived if he was on
force but he wasn't sponsored by revived
he had just dominated YouTube like he
had been the fastest-growing skate
channel on YouTube ever people knew who
he was by the time he went on and I
thought it would've been funny to just
casually say it at the end of a
warehouse Wednesday that didn't even
have to do with him it was Ryan
Bracken's warehouse Wednesday and I just
turned to John hey you wanna be on the
team
and he was like yeah are you serious and
then it cuts and then it was like that
was the announcement cuz I thought it'd
be so random and funny and people
wouldn't know what was going on because
that's just my sense of humor towards
yeah and then John do you want to be on
the team yeah cool welcomes team okay
are you kidding
no I'm serious what I'm the same right
yep so we eventually put on a welcome
part to like online dude I was trying
not to go you didn't help
but I just I thought those moments were
pretty funny but John's here is a huge
youtuber now everyone knows him great
guy I wish more people had the passion
and drive that John Hill did he's gonna
do things he is doing things literally
right now he's probably out of Starbucks
editing Sam vessel he is the only person
to upgrade from the flow team to the
regular team Sam vessel gets better at
skateboarding every single time he sets
foot on his board so I knew him from
when he was 13 he was like skating 12
stairs like nothing and I was like whoa
like what I met him and I was like hey
if you need text I got you and I just
gave him a few decks and then when we
were putting the flow team together and
I was like oh this this vessel kid I
like the kid and he's really good and he
like feels like one of us so let's put
him on the flow team he said yes he was
super excited and then eventually like
three before take over the world were
like okay vessels like really good he's
skating with us all time we need to bump
him up to the actual team so we did it
we made him feeble grind a 12 stair over
all of us to officially be on the team
and that is a really cool clip on the
team and he has since actually is
injured right now but besides the injury
he still gets better every single time
he steps on skateboard he's back on his
board now and he's getting his tricks
back so fingers crossed two more vessel
footage very soon but I'll backtrack
that's the whole main team Casey
Ryan Bracken and vest Old Men Dallas
four were originally on the flow team
Dallas kind of just phased out of
skating we still see him once in a while
he's still an awesome dude he is like a
profession now which is awesome all the
other dudes like they're still like
Brian Bracken has been progressing like
crazy Casey shreds and you know you
never know if these guys get out of the
streets and really like start putting in
work they might be on the regular team
someday but the important thing is that
we are all one big family and that's
just the vibe a lot of people ask how do
I get sponsored by revive and I'm like
well you can definitely send this stuff
like I really believe in someone skating
I also do some boards and maybe we can
have a relationship I actually just
started talking to one person no
announcements just yet but we are
looking to expand the team it just has
to make sense has to feel right revive
is not looking to be like the best out
we're just looking to have fun you know
we of course want to do go to
skateboarding on the family aspect
having fun is the is the first and
foremost an addition to the flow team we
recently brought Gabe Cruz because I
just absolutely love his passion he's
part of the brail skateboarding he's
progresses he puts in work when he lands
a trick that he's psyched on the whole
world knows it and he himself is the
most excited person about that and I
love that passion wow that was a long
description I hope you guys like that
how I mixed in the clips and what not
but yeah everybody every single person
that has never been on a revive or been
part of the team I love them they're my
family and probably guys like this video
I figured I'd do this if you guys liked
it give the video a thumbs up and I'll
do more memory lane videos if you may
but that is it guys I'm gonna go
skateboard myself hopefully at a trick
or five that's it thank you guys for
watching hit the subscribe button few
want to see more I do videos all the
time here and they usually actually have
skateboarding and poor family stuff
lifestyle stuff whatever is entertaining
until next time you guys have a good day
watch three flip first drive No
three flip of the bonus clip no wow this
is an easy trick 540 flip whatever
