YouTube what's up guys we are doing
another round of golf trick shots but
there's a catch I saw this my god this
is good undefined for this one this this
is gonna be hard I'm part right now holy
and we each get one trick shot each I
will be happy
I passed the basic one we'll all do the
basic shot and then we'll try to do some
more intricate ones who thought of this
indoor and outdoor competition for all
ages everyone can be frustrated with
this challenge your friends and
co-workers so you can laugh at them when
they suck at this so then you're like
this is what I want to do today doesn't
that look fun you don't you don't see
that and you're like I want to make that
shot let's revisit this conversation in
about 45 minutes and that helps improve
your putting stroke increases gray hair
we're gonna get this thing out and I'm
pretty sure it's going to be the
cheapest thing ever made now this is
this is good that seems heavy-duty have
that you gotta build it maybe like these
are like the areas that like it it goes
up the back watching my struggle here
there you go you Brian come on man come
on pride sound like gone pretty good all
right it's slider in there I'm doing the
first shot alright so here it is
supposed to ramp up this and go in this
we're gonna overshoot this so it's gonna
be it's gonna be so hard you didn't
bring a putter
riding this is pitching this is the only
golf club that I had you could have
asked the golfer whatever a golf I could
have won gonna asked me if I needed a
golf club today I'll know next think you
do but is first try five bucks great
this is going to be the most frustrating
thing in the world
great
what this would be the hardest day of my
life yeah at buckling sit have a seat
dude bracken just save the day we got a
putter success I did my basic shot Jimmy
what like 25 goes Bryan Safi better than
me had this you were great and you're
gonna screw and then you got screwed is
it like 5th try a fourth try bounced off
the rim is not something we say to the
Queen golf all right I'm up first this
is gonna suck buckling this is going
down go where it goes it's gonna be the
thing I'm up first wish me luck I'm
gonna go down the stairs hopefully right
there
these are fine oh that was good that was
a rush
that was like shockingly the golf
version of skydiving is making this shot
here's an X next this is gonna be a
bouncy moment we do if everyone in Star
Wars got replaced with lightsabers with
golf clubs
sorry you are gonna be successful be
double catch challenger cuz I am
challenging my co-workers when you do it
and it creates joy it's a joy creator
I'm gonna go off the stage into the year
alright so we need food tomorrow cuz
we're really hungry cuz we're still
doing this we'll be right here guys
alright
Oh scary
this is beautiful yes yes yes yes please
yes yes yes yes yes
somebody called they won my shoe back
Oh could be something that is so perfect
that is so perfect
nope oh okay so I was just joking I've
been stacking but I just like I just set
the ball on another ball and it stayed
there
please please go knees knees knee he's
gonna he's gonna try these rubbery balls
bracket and brought about them yeah that
someone's two thousand years later we
were in out of time today it's gonna cut
it's gonna be tomorrow and we're gonna
continue this video it is day two and I
set this up we did the last time but we
didn't have a basketball hoop so it's
kind of a new shot let's do this
there's some magic going on down here
I'll know what's happening in like star
trekt it that way no Jedi - Jedi did
that
oh there's a switch
that's what it was up to it we offer
room it was it was super high school
lowish that's what it was
repeal Louis all right are you ready
sure are you ready
whoa what is he doing you this is like a
willy wonka golf shot so that's yeah
you're gonna break it
I think gods aren't more than making it
trap foam ball with a grim shock foam
ball that was loud got a new threat
that's my dude I get Tiger Woods young
we have bright aims he's gonna launch
off the ramp hit the trampoline and then
go in the in the basket and for the
finale we're bringing in Ryan Bracken do
the juggle shot really sure that's
impressive
alright there we guys go they're there
you guys go there we go everyone just
goes well that was a fun video I that
was gonna be I thought that was give me
way harder than it was I think your shot
was literally the only hard one like the
first one no really you did you're super
easy I have two of them first of all the
free stuff but but I tried like less
than 15 times for both margins so either
way I hope you guys enjoyed that maybe
we'll do another golf trickshot I think
we'll go back to the traditional one
give this video a thumbs up and check
out all these guys channels are gonna be
right down the info thank them for doing
this with me and I do videos here all
the time so this is a subscribe button
right below the video and you are signed
up to see more it's easy it's free you
click it and you're done and hope you
guys have a great day stay tuned for the
bonus clip after the outro with this
thing Arnold here get ready alright are
you ready are you ready I just touched
him and it didn't faze him no I did not
like touching you
oh my god
in the bus where you even get to like it
online
oh the Internet the interweb Internet's
see y'all later
